Chemoradiation for pancreatic adenocarcinoma; Surgery remains the cornerstone treatment for pancreatic adenocarcinoma. However, 5% to 20% of tumors only are regarded as resectable, and, among them, only few benefit from an histological complete resection, major survival parameter. These data explain the overall poor prognosis of this disease, with a respectively 20% and 5% 1‐ and 5‐year survival rates. These results justify an adjuvant or neoadjuvant therapeutic approach, mainly based on concurrent chemoradiation, with and without surgery. This paper reviews the different therapeutic approaches of non metastatic pancreatic adenocarcinoma.
Chemotherapy for pancreatic cancer; Chemotherapy is an important part of multimodality pancreatic cancer treatment. After curative resection, adjuvant chemotherapy can significantly improve disease free survival and overall survival. The current standard of care is six months adjuvant chemotherapy with modified folinic acid, 5‐fluorouracil, irinotecan and oxaliplatin (mFOLFIRINOX) in patients fit enough for this protocol, otherwise six months of gemcitabine and capecitabine based on the European Study Group for Pancreatic Cancer (ESPAC)‐4 study. In patients with metastatic disease, combination chemotherapy according to the FOLFIRINOX protocol or with gemcitabine plus nab‐paclitaxel is an important improvement to gemcitabine monotherapy that was the standard for many years. Patients not fit for combination chemotherapy however may still benefit from gemcitabine. Patients with good performance status may benefit from second‐line chemotherapy. Chemoradiation has long been used in locally advanced pancreatic cancer but is now tempered following the LAP07 study. This trial showed no difference in overall survival in those patients with stable disease after four months of gemcitabine (with or without erlotinib) randomized to either continuation of gemcitabine therapy or chemoradiation (54 Gy with capecitabine). As an alternative to radiation, other forms local therapies including radiofrequency ablation, irreversible electroporation, high‐intensity focused ultrasound, microwave ablation and local anti‐KRAS therapy (using siG12D‐LODER) are currently under investigation. Given the systemic nature of pancreas cancer from an early stage, the success of any local approach other than complete surgical resection (with adjuvant systemic therapy) is likely to be very limited. In patients with locally advanced, irresectable cancer, chemotherapy may offer the chance for secondary resection with a survival similar to patients with primary resectable disease. Downstaging regimens need to be evaluated in prospective randomized trials in order to make firm recommendations. Selection of patient groups for specific therapy including cytotoxics is becoming a reality using assays based on drug cellular transport and metabolism, and molecular signatures. Going forward, high throughput screening of different chemotherapy agents using molecular signatures based on patients’ derived organoids holds considerable promise.
Primary resection versus neoadjuvant chemoradiation followed by resection for locally resectable or potentially resectable pancreatic carcinoma without distant metastasis. A multi-centre prospectively randomised phase II-study of the Interdisciplinary Working Group Gastrointestinal Tumours (AIO, ARO, and CAO); BACKGROUND: The disappointing results of surgical therapy alone of ductal pancreatic cancer can only be improved using multimodal approaches. In contrast to adjuvant therapy, neoadjuvant chemoradiation is able to facilitate resectability with free margins and to lower lymphatic spread. Another advantage is better tolerability which consecutively allows applying multimodal treatment in a higher number of patients. Furthermore, the synopsis of the overall survival results of neoadjuvant trials suggests a higher rate compared to adjuvant trials. METHODS/DESIGN: As there are no prospectively randomised studies for neoadjuvant therapy, the Interdisciplinary Study Group of Gastrointestinal Tumours of the German Cancer Aid has started such a trial. The study investigates the effect of neoadjuvant chemoradiation in locally resectable or probably resectable cancer of the pancreatic head without distant metastasis on median overall survival time compared to primary surgery. Adjuvant chemotherapy is integrated into both arms. DISCUSSION: The protocol of the study is presented in condensed form after an introducing survey on adjuvant and neoadjuvant therapy in pancreatic cancer.
Surgical treatment of carcinoma of the pancreas; Invasive ductal carcinoma of the pancreas (pancreatic cancer) is mainly treated by operative resection, radio‐chemotherapy, or chemotherapy. The survival rate of the patients with each treatment is not good when compared with that in other cancers. Meanwhile, it is still true that surgical resection remains the only method offering pancreatic cancer patients long‐term survival or cure. The indications for surgical resection should be considered based on whether margin‐free resection can be achieved in individual patients. In addition, the volume of pancreatic cancer patients treated at the institution and the surgeon's personal experience may greatly affect the decision. A recent randomized clinical trial from Japan revealed that surgical resection has a survival advantage over chemo‐radiation therapy for locally advanced pancreatic cancer, which is defined as stage IVa in the fourth Japanese edition of the Classification of Pancreatic Carcinoma. Moreover, guidelines for clinical practice for pancreatic cancer by the Japan Pancreas Society have been issued very recently. In addition, the surgical indications should be reevaluated in combination with the adjuvant or neoadjuvant chemotherapy in future.
Neoadjuvant therapy for pancreatic cancer; Surgical resection is necessary but generally insufficient as curative treatment for pancreatic cancer. Traditionally, postoperative (adjuvant) therapies have been utilized in an attempt to improve outcome, yet these efforts have met with extremely limited success. As preoperative (neoadjuvant) treatment strategies have evolved for the treatment of other malignancies, preoperative therapy for pancreatic cancer has been investigated by several groups over the past decade. At this time, no randomized trials comparing adjuvant and neoadjuvant therapies have been performed, nor have there been any large multicenter trials of neoadjuvant therapy for pancreatic cancer. In this manuscript, the rationale for neoadjuvant strategies are discussed in the context of the available data on both adjuvant and neoadjuvant therapy and clinical trials currently in development.
Radiation Therapy Quality Assurance Analysis of Alliance A021501: preoperative mFOLFIRINOX or mFOLFIRINOX plus hypofractionated radiation therapy for borderline resectable adenocarcinoma of the pancreas; PURPOSE: Alliance A021501 is the first randomized trial to evaluate stereotactic body radiation therapy (SBRT) for borderline resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) after neoadjuvant chemotherapy. In this post hoc study, we reviewed the quality of radiation therapy (RT) delivered. METHODS AND MATERIALS: SBRT (6.6 Gy × 5) was intended but hypofractionated RT (5 Gy × 5) was permitted if SBRT specifications could not be met. Institutional credentialing through the National Cancer Institute‐funded Imaging and Radiation Oncology Core (IROC) was required. Rigorous RT quality assurance (RT QA) was mandated, including pretreatment review by a radiation oncologist. Revisions were required for unacceptable deviations. Additionally, we performed a post hoc RT QA analysis in which contours and plans were reviewed by 3 radiation oncologists and assigned a score (1, 2, or 3) based on adequacy. A score of 1 indicated no deviation, 2 indicated minor deviation, and 3 indicated a major deviation that could be clinically significant. Clinical outcomes were compared by treatment modality and by case score. RESULTS: Forty patients were registered to receive RT (1 planned but not treated) at 27 centers (18 academic and 9 community). Twenty‐three centers were appropriately credentialed for moving lung/liver targets and 4 for static head and neck only. Thirty‐two of 39 patients (82.1%) were treated with SBRT and 7 (17.9%) with hypofractionated RT. Five cases (13%) required revision before treatment. On post hoc review, 23 patients (59.0%) were noted to have suboptimal contours or plan coverage, 12 (30.8%) were scored a 2, and 11 (28.2%) were scored a 3. There were no apparent differences in failure patterns or surgical outcomes based on treatment technique or post hoc case score. Details related to on‐treatment imaging were not recorded. CONCLUSIONS: Despite rigorous QA, we encountered variability in simulation, contouring, plan coverage, and dose on trial. Although clinical outcomes did not appear to have been affected, findings from this analysis serve to inform subsequent PDAC SBRT trial designs and QA requirements.
Adjuvant therapy for pancreatic cancer: current status; Only 5% to 15% of patients with pancreatic adenocarcinoma are candidates for a potentially curative resection. Evidence that postoperative adjuvant therapy improves outcome has been limited to a single randomized trial of a well tolerated split‐course, 5‐Fluorouracil (5‐FU) based, chemoradiation regimen. More aggressive regimens have since been developed and are associated with, at best, a modest improvement in patient outcome. The potentially significant morbidity associated with pancreaticoduodenectomy, which can compromise the delivery of postoperative adjuvant chemoradiation, has led to the development of preoperative (adjuvant/neoadjuvant chemoradiation) regimens in these patients. Although experience suggests that such an approach is feasible, the ultimate impact warrants further evaluation. In addition, despite evolving experiences towards more dose intensive pre or postoperative adjuvant chemoradiation regimens, the problem of distant metastases remains significant. New chemotherapeutic agents, such as gemcitabine, appear to have the potential to produce better results than those achieved over the last quarter century with 5‐FU. A cooperative group study has recently been activated and is evaluating its impact in an adjuvant setting when given in addition to 5‐FU based chemoradiation. In the meantime, ongoing investigations into optimal integration of different therapeutic modalities, along with advances in surgery, radiation, and systemic therapy, should lead us towards further improvements in outcomes for these patients.
Preoperative MDCT Assessment of Resectability in Borderline Resectable Pancreatic Cancer: effect of Neoadjuvant Chemoradiation Therapy; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study is to evaluate the diagnostic performance of MDCT in assessing tumor resectability in patients with borderline resectable pancreatic cancers after receiving neoadjuvant chemoradiation therapy (CRT) in comparison with those undergoing upfront surgery. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: Thirty‐seven patients with borderline resectable pancreatic cancers were randomly allocated to the neoadjuvant CRT group (arm 1; n = 18) or up‐front surgery group (arm 2; n = 19). Three radiologists rated the likelihood of local resectability on a 5‐point scale at preoperative MDCT in two separate sessions (session 1: post‐CRT of arm 1, baseline of arm 2; session 2: using new imaging criteria reflecting the changes during CRT of arm 1). The AUC of each reviewer, as well as sensitivity, specificity, and accuracy based on consensus interpretation, were compared between arms and sessions. RESULTS: For local resectability (n = 30), AUC values at session 1 were 0.664, 0.669, and 0.588 for reviewers 1, 2, and 3, respectively, and were not significantly different between arms 1 (n = 15; 0.759, 0.713, and 0.593) and 2 (n = 15; 0.852, 0.685, and 0.722) (p > 0.05). In arm 1, MDCT sensitivity, specificity, accuracy were 22%, 100%, and 53%, respectively, at session 1 versus 78%, 67%, and 73%, respectively, at session 2 (p > 0.05). CONCLUSION: In patients with borderline resectable pancreatic cancers, neoadjuvant CRT did not significantly decrease the performance of MDCT for the prediction of local resectability. However, by considering post‐CRT changes, such as nonprogression in tumor‐vascular contact, MDCT may provide better sensitivity for locally resectable disease.
Efficacy of Preoperative mFOLFIRINOX vs mFOLFIRINOX Plus Hypofractionated Radiotherapy for Borderline Resectable Adenocarcinoma of the Pancreas: the A021501 Phase 2 Randomized Clinical Trial; Importance: National guidelines endorse treatment with neoadjuvant therapy for borderline resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC), but the optimal strategy remains unclear. Objective: To compare treatment with neoadjuvant modified FOLFIRINOX (mFOLFIRINOX) with or without hypofractionated radiation therapy with historical data and establish standards for therapy in borderline resectable PDAC. Design, Setting, and Participants: This prospective, multicenter, randomized phase 2 clinical trial conducted from February 2017 to January 2019 among member institutions of National Clinical Trials Network cooperative groups used standardized quality control measures and included 126 patients, of whom 70 (55.6%) were registered to arm 1 (systemic therapy; 54 randomized, 16 following closure of arm 2 at interim analysis) and 56 (44.4%) to arm 2 (systemic therapy and sequential hypofractionated radiotherapy; all randomized before closure). Data were analyzed by the Alliance Statistics and Data Management Center during September 2021. Interventions: Arm 1: 8 treatment cycles of mFOLFIRINOX (oxaliplatin, 85 mg/m2; irinotecan, 180 mg/m2; leucovorin, 400 mg/m2; and infusional fluorouracil, 2400 mg/m2) over 46 hours, administered every 2 weeks. Arm 2: 7 treatment cycles of mFOLFIRINOX followed by stereotactic body radiotherapy (33‐40 Gy in 5 fractions) or hypofractionated image‐guided radiotherapy (25 Gy in 5 fractions). Patients without disease progression underwent pancreatectomy, which was followed by 4 cycles of treatment with postoperative FOLFOX6 (oxaliplatin, 85 mg/m2; leucovorin, 400 mg/m2; bolus fluorouracil, 400 mg/m2; and infusional fluorouracil, 2400 mg/m2over 46 hours). Main Outcomes and Measures: Each treatment arm's 18‐month overall survival (OS) rate was compared with a historical control rate of 50%. A planned interim analysis mandated closure of either arm for which 11 or fewer of the first 30 accrued patients underwent margin‐negative (R0) resection. Results: Of 126 patients, 62 (49%) were women, and the median (range) age was 64 (37‐83) years. Among the first 30 evaluable patients enrolled to each arm, 17 patients in arm 1 (57%) and 10 patients in arm 2 (33%) had undergone R0 resection, leading to closure of arm 2 but continuation to full enrollment in arm 1. The 18‐month OS rate of evaluable patients was 66.7% (95% CI, 56.1%‐79.4%) in arm 1 and 47.3% (95% CI 35.8%‐62.5%) in arm 2. The median OS of evaluable patients in arm 1 and arm 2 was 29.8 (95% CI, 21.1‐36.6) months and 17.1 (95% CI, 12.8‐24.4) months, respectively. Conclusions and Relevance: This randomized clinical trial found that treatment with neoadjuvant mFOLFIRINOX alone was associated with favorable OS in patients with borderline resectable PDAC compared with mFOLFIRINOX treatment plus hypofractionated radiotherapy; thus, mFOLFIRINOX represents a reference regimen in this setting. Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT02839343.
Neoadjuvant and adjuvant therapy of ductal pancreatic carcinoma; The optimal oncological management of ductal pancreatic cancer remains undefined. More than 60% of these patients have disseminated disease at the time of presentation. Here radical surgery alone cannot guarantee a cure. Even in the best case of a R0‐resection with extended lymph node dissection the reported 5‐year survival rates of 20‐30% are dissatisfying. This would suggest that neoadjuvant or adjuvant therapies may play an even greater role in improving the medium and long‐term survival rates than in other tumor entities. Reports in the literature to date are from small randomised trials which do not elucidate the benefit of therapy. However, it does appear that neoadjuvant radiochemotherapy in combination with R0‐resection will best improve patient outcome and mean survival rates. Therefore there is a need for large prospective randomized studies regarding (neo‐)adjuvant therapy. Inclusion criteria must be precisely defined and the following factors recorded: standardized preoperative staging procedures extent of tumor disease (histology, stage, vascular infiltration, lymph node involvement, etc.) detailed surgical approach in respect to the extent of pancreas resection and lymph node dissection. Pancreas resections tend to have a higher postoperative complication rate when compared with other tumours and substantial postoperative weight loss often is observed. This may result in a delay or even impossibility of starting adjuvant therapy right in time in a relevant part of patients (up to 1/3 according to literature data) which is a major disadvantage of all adjuvant therapy concepts.
A randomized, phase II clinical trial of preoperative stereotactic body radiation therapy versus conventionally fractionated chemoradiation for resectable, borderline-resectable, or locally advanced type a pancreatic adenocarcinoma; Background: There is growing consensus for the use of neoadjuvant therapy in patients with potentially operable pancreatic adenocarcinoma (PC). However, there is not consensus on the type and duration of chemotherapy or radiation therapy (RT) dose. Stereotactic body radiation therapy (SBRT) has gained popularity despite the absence of prospective data for its use in the preoperative setting. Furthermore, SBRT preoperatively has not been standardized. At present, there exists no randomized data comparing preoperative SBRT with conventionally fractionated concurrent chemo‐RT. We designed this trial to examine differences between pre‐op RT dose and fractionation schedules. Methods: This study is a prospective, randomized, twoarm, phase II clinical trial. Eligible patients must have cytologically confirmed PC and be deemed suitable for surgical resection with resectable, borderline resectable, or locally advanced type A disease, based on cross‐sectional imaging. Before randomization patients are stratified by clinical node positivity, neoadjuvant chemotherapy, and stage of disease. Patients are then randomized to either 50.4 Gy over 28 fractions with concurrent weekly Gemcitabine vs SBRT to a total dose of 25‐35 Gy over 5 fractions. The primary endpoint of the study is pathologic node positivity. We hypothesize that patients treated with neoadjuvant chemotherapy followed by conventionally fractionated chemo‐RT will have a lower rate of pathologic node positivity as compared to those patients treated with neoadjuvant chemotherapy followed by SBRT. Secondary endpoints include patient reported quality of life, local recurrence, primary tumor pathologic response, margin status, surgical complications, MR based treatment response, and overall survival. We anticipate a node positivity rate of 37% when using preoperative chemotherapy followed by SBRT. We hypothesize that treatment with chemotherapy followed by conventionally fractionated chemo‐RT will reduce the rate of node positivity to 17%. Using a one‐sided Type I error rate of 0.1, approximately 88 total patients (44 per arm) provide an 80% power to detect the hypothesized difference in pathologic node positivity between the two arms. To address patient dropout, an additional 14 patients (about 15%) will be enrolled for a total target accrual of 102 patients. The trial opened in November 2018 and 8 of the planned 102 patients have been enrolled.
Neoadjuvant Treatment in Resectable Pancreatic Cancer; Median overall‐survival (OS) after surgery in curative intent for non‐metastasized pancreas cancer ranges under study conditions from 17.9 months to 23.6 months. Tumor recurrence occurs locally, at distant sites (liver, peritoneum, lungs), or both. Observational and autopsy series report local recurrence rates of up to 87% even after potentially "curative" R0 resection. To achieve better local control, neoadjuvant chemo‐radiation therapy (CRT) has been suggested for preoperative tumour downsizing, to elevate the likelihood of curative, margin‐negative R0 resection and to increase the OS rate. However, controlled, randomized trials addressing the impact of neoadjuvant CRT survival do not exist. The underlying hypothesis of this randomized, two‐armed, open‐label, multicenter, phase III trial is that neoadjuvant CRT increases the three‐year overall survival by 12% (30% to 42%) compared to patients undergoing upfront surgery for resectable pancreatic cancer. Overall, 410 patients (n=205 in each study arm) will be enrolled in the trial, taking into regard an expected drop out rate of 7% and allocated either to receive neoadjuvant CRT prior to surgery or to undergo surgery alone. Circumferential resection margin status, i.e. R0 and R1 rates, respectively, surgical resectability rate, local and distant disease‐free and global survival, and first site of tumor recurrence constitute further essential endpoints of the trial.
Patterns of Failure After Neoadjuvant Stereotactic Body Radiation Therapy or Fractionated Chemoradiation in Resectable and Borderline Resectable Pancreatic Cancer; OBJECTIVES: The goal of this study was to compare outcomes of patients with borderline and resectable pancreatic cancer treated with neoadjuvant stereotactic body radiation therapy (SBRT) versus fractionated chemoradiation. METHODS: Patients with borderline or resectable pancreatic cancer treated with neoadjuvant intent between November 2011 and December 2017 were reviewed. The SBRT volume/dose was 33 Gy in 5 fractions to gross tumor plus abutting vessel with or without 25 Gy in 5 fractions to pancreatic head/body and celiac/superior mesenteric artery. Fractionated chemoradiation volume/dose was 50.4 Gy in 28 fractions to gross tumor, superior mesenteric/celiac arteries, and enlarged lymph nodes with concurrent bolus 5‐FU, leucovorin, oxaliplatin, irinotecan or gemcitabine/nab‐paclitaxel. Failure patterns, local recurrence‐free survival (LRFS), progression‐free survival (PFS), and overall survival were assessed. RESULTS: Forty‐three patients were reviewed (18 SBRTs and 25 fractionated). Among patients who underwent resection, patients treated with fractionated chemoradiation had improved LRFS (12‐month LRFS, 86% vs 62%, P = 0.003) and PFS (median PFS, 23 months vs 11 months, P = 0.006) compared with SBRT. There was no difference in overall survival. CONCLUSIONS: Stereotactic body radiation therapy may result in inferior LRFS and PFS compared with fractionated chemoradiation, likely because of under coverage of high‐risk vascular targets.
Impact of preoperative chemoradiotherapy on survival in patients with resectable pancreatic cancer; AIM: To explore whether preoperative chemoradiation therapy improves survival of patients with pancreatic cancer undergoing resectional surgery. METHODS: Forty‐seven patients with a malignant pancreatic tumor localized in the head or uncinate process of the pancreas underwent radical pancreatico‐duodenectomy. Twenty‐two received chemoradiation therapy (gemcitabine and radiation dose 50.4 Gy) before surgery (CRR) and 25 patients underwent surgery only (RO). The study was non‐randomised. Patients were identified from a prospective database. RESULTS: The median survival time was 30.2 mo in the CRR group and 35.9 mo in the RO group. No statistically significant differences were found in subclasses according to lymph node involvement, TNM stages, tumor size, or perineural invasion. The one, three and five year survival rates were 81%, 33% and 33%, respectively, in the CRR group and 72%, 47% and 23%, respectively, in the RO group. In ductal adenocarcinoma, the median survival time was 27 mo in the CRR group and 20 mo in the RO group. No statistically significant differences were found in the above subclasses. The one, three and five year survival rates were 79%, 21% and 21%, respectively, in the CRR group and 64%, 50% and 14%, respectively, in the RO group. The overall hospital mortality rate was 2%. The morbidity rate was 45% in the CRR group and 32% (NS) in the RO group. CONCLUSION: Major multicenter randomized studies are needed to conclusively assess the impact of neoadjuvant treatment in the management of pancreatic cancer.
Neoadjuvant Chemoradiation in Patients With Borderline Resectable Pancreatic Cancer; Previous reports suggest benefit of neoadjuvant chemoradiation treatment for borderline resectable pancreas cancer. This study is a multicenter prospective randomized phase II/III study of neoadjuvant chemoradiation with gemcitabine in patients with borderline resectable pancreas cancer. The study is designed in 2 arms, one with upfront surgery and the other with neoadjuvant chemoradiation therapy. This phase 2/3 multicenter randomized controlled trial was designed to enroll 110 patients with BRPC who were randomly assigned to gemcitabine‐based neoadjuvant chemoradiation treatment (54 Gray external beam radiation) followed by surgery or upfront surgery followed by chemoradiation treatment from four large‐volume centers in Korea. The primary endpoint was the 2‐year survival rate (2‐YSR). Interim analysis was planned at the time of 50% case enrollment.
Against the motion: resectable pancreatic cancer; The management of resectable pancreatic cancer is challenging and different strategies can be applied including upfront surgery followed by adjuvant therapy or neoadjuvant treatment followed by surgical resection. This decision is based on the presence of an anatomical and/or biological borderline resectable tumor. In the setting of neoadjuvant treatment, there is a lack of evidence that support the routine use of preoperative radiation therapy with chemotherapy, especially when considering multi‐agents chemotherapy regimens (i.e. FOLFIRINOX; gemcitabine plus nab‐paclitaxel). The rationale for preoperative chemoradiation is related to a lower rate of R1 resection rate following radiation therapy, but actually no RCT showed a real advantage of this approach over chemotherapy alone. In the setting of adjuvant treatment, there is an unclear role for adjuvant radiotherapy, that is most likely recommended for patients with a R1 resection. Most studies did not find any advantage in the survival rate following chemoradiation compared to adjuvant chemotherapy alone. However, several studies administered suboptimal and obsolete schedule of radiotherapy and/or included small cohorts of patients, and as a consequence this represents a major limitation of any comparison of chemoradiation versus chemotherapy alone, both in the adjuvant and neoadjuvant setting. Novel radiotherapic approaches including stereotaxic body radiation therapy should be evaluated in powered randomized clinical trial considering specific aims (local recurrence, overall survival, toxicity).
Is there a role for chemoradiotherapy in the treatment of pancreatic carcinoma?; Pancreatic adenocarcinoma is the fifth leading cause of cancer‐related death in the United States. In spite of advancements in surgical treatments, nearly 80% of patients with localised pancreatic cancer die of recurrent or metastatic disease when treated with surgery alone. Therefore, efforts to alter the patterns of recurrences and improve survival for patients with pancreatic cancer currently focus on the delivery of systemic therapy and irradiation before or after surgery. Postoperative adjuvant therapy appears to improve median survival. Utilizing a preoperative approach, overall treatment time is reduced, a greater proportion of patients receive all components of the therapy and patients with rapidly progressive disease are spared the side‐effects of surgery. This paper examines the factors pertinent to clinical trial design for pancreatic cancer and reviews the existing data supporting adjuvant and neoadjuvant therapy for potentially resectable disease and chemoradiotherapy in the advanced disease.
Adjuvant Versus Neoadjuvant Plus Adjuvant Chemotherapy in Resectable Pancreatic Cancer; Due to the improvement in the recurrence‐free and overall survival by adjuvant chemotherapy, surgery followed by adjuvant chemotherapy is currently considered the standard treatment for resectable pancreatic cancer. However, a significant proportion (>25%) of patients cannot receive adjuvant treatment due to the morbidity of pancreas surgery. Neoadjuvant (preoperative) chemotherapy appears particularly attractive since it can be applied to all patients and has resulted in a significant histological tumor response with a median survival superior to adjuvant chemotherapy in a recent prospective phase II trial. The aim of this study is to determine the role of neoadjuvant chemotherapy in patients with resectable pancreatic cancer.Eligible patients are randomized to: arm A: neoadjuvant chemotherapy + resection + adjuvant chemotherapy arm B: resection + adjuvant chemotherapy Neoadjuvant chemotherapy consists of gemcitabine (1000mg/m2) and oxaliplatin (100mg/m2) on days 1, 15, 29 and 43, while adjuvant chemotherapy is based on gemcitabine 1000mg/m2 for 6 months. If the restaging protocol excludes distant metastases, a diagnostic laparoscopy is performed, followed by a Whipple operation in the absence of distant metastases. The primary study end‐point is the recurrence‐free survival after study inclusion, and this is defined by the interval between the date of written informed consent until recurrence. Secondary end‐points are the overall survival and the surgical complication rate. Interim analyses are performed after the inclusion of 100 and 200 patients without interrupting patient accrual. An independent data monitoring committee will review the results of each interim analysis and will decide about the study cessation or continuation. Patients will be followed‐up according to the protocol below in order to assess tumor recurrence. Quality of life will be assessed by the QLQ‐30 questionnaire of the EORTC at study entry, after neoadjuvant chemotherapy, start and end of the adjuvant chemotherapy and at each follow‐up study visit. Representative histological samples are reviewed and stored by the reference pathologist at the University Hospital of Zurich. These samples will also be used to determine the histological response and extent of cytopathic effects. Furthermore, the nutritional status is assessed from all patients by the prealbumin serum levels at study entry and prior to surgery. Further translational research is desired and will be individually organized by each center.
Neoadjuvant chemoradiation therapy in borderline resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma; Background: Pancreatic adenocarcinoma remains notorious for its poor prognosis. Annual deaths from pancreatic adenocarcinoma are rising. In 2014 there were 46,420 new cases and 39,590 pancreatic cancer deaths in United States. Surgical resection remains the only potentially curative treatment. Pancreatic tumors may be deemed 'resectable' or 'borderline resectable' based on anatomic characteristics. We present a single center experience of patients who received neoadjuvant therapy for borderline resectable pancreas cancer. Methods: We identified 20 patients with borderline resectable pancreatic cancer treated from 08/2008 to 7/2014 with neoadjuvant chemoradiation therapy at Montefiore Medical Center. Inclusion criteria included patients with pancreatic cancer who were deemed borderline resectable based on NCCN 2014 criteria. Patients were grouped by type of treatment received: Group A received Folfirinox followed by chemoradiation therapy (CRT).Group B received gemcitabine based chemotherapy (gemcitabine alone or GTX‐ gemcitabine, docetaxel, and capecitabine combination) followed by CRT. We sought to determine rate of margin negative resection, pathological response and overall survival (OS), calculated from start of neoadjuvant therapy. Results: Among a total of 20 patients with borderline resectable pancreas cancer 15 patients underwent surgical resection. Margin free resection (R0) was achieved in 100% and 66%patients in group A and B respectively. Patients with margin ‐ve resection (N = 13) had mean OS of 22 months, which was comparable to other studies in which it was 15‐40 months. Grade 1 (marked) and Grade 2 (moderate) pathological responses were observed in 53% patients and was associated with a mean OS of 33 months. Those with + ve margins (N = 2) had OS of 16.5 months. Those who were not resected with POD after neo adjuvant therapy (N = 5) had mean OS of 19 months. Patients who did not undergo resection in other studies have shown median OS of 6‐17 months. Conclusion: Our institutional review of neoadjuvant multimodality treatment for this patient group shows outcomes which are comparable to those reported in the literature. Limitations of our review are the limited number of patients, a lack of uniformity with regard to pre‐ operative therapy, and the retrospective nature of data collection. Although the data set is small it is consistent with prior findings that pathologic response correlates with better outcomes. We are encouraged that in our group of patients 10 of 15 patients, who underwent surgical resection post neoadjuvant therapy, remain cancer free at the time of this report, and survival averages are likely to improve further over time. More prospective randomized controlled studies in a multi‐ institutional setting may be required to support the role of neoadjuvant therapy and identify the most promising treatment regimen.
Adjuvant chemoradiation is associated with improved survival for node-positive pancreatic adenocarcinoma; Background: American Society of Clinical Oncology guidelines recommend adjuvant chemoradiation (ACR) for margin‐positive(R1) and/or node‐positive(N+) pancreatic cancers. However, randomized trials and meta‐analyses have have not shown superiority of ACR over AC. Methods: National Cancer Database (NCDB) was used to analyze patients with N+ and/or R1 pancreatic adenocarcinoma who underwent ACR or AC over a ten‐year period (2004‐2014). Patients who received neoadjuvant radiation, no adjuvant treatment or adjuvant radiation alone were excluded. Propensity score nearest‐neighbor 1:1 matching (PSM) was performed between ACR and AC groups based on age, sex, race, insurance, comorbidities, T‐stage, nodal status, margin status, grade, and neoadjuvant chemotherapy. Primary outcome was overall survival (OS). Results: A total of 9,732 patients were eligible. After PSM two well‐balanced groups of 4000 patients each were analyzed. ACR resulted in superior OS in patients with N+ and/or R1 disease as compared to AC alone (HR: 0.83, 95% CI 0.78‐0.87; Median OS 22 vs. 19 months, p<0.001). Subset analyses demonstrated overall survival benefit of ACR compared to AC in N+, margin‐negative patients (HR: 0.82, 95% CI 0.77‐0.88; Median OS 24 vs. 20 months, p<0.001), as well as N+, R1 patients (HR: 0.77, 95% CI 0.68‐0.87; Median OS 17 vs. 15 months, p<0.001); but no benefit in node‐negative, R1 patients (HR: 1.12, 95% CI 0.84‐1.48; Median OS 18 vs. 22 months, p=0.43) Conclusion: This is the largest study to date that shows superiority of ACR over AC in N+ patients irrespective of margin status. The study failed to show a survival benefit in R1, node‐negative patients. (Figure presented).
SMAD4 loss is associated with response to neoadjuvant chemotherapy plus hydroxychloroquine in patients with pancreatic adenocarcinoma; SMAD4, a tumor suppressor gene, is lost in up to 60%–90% of pancreatic adenocarcinomas (PDAs). Loss of SMAD4 allows tumor progression by upregulating autophagy, a cell survival mechanism that counteracts apoptosis and allows intracellular recycling of macromolecules. Hydroxychloroquine (HCQ) is an autophagy inhibitor. We studied whether HCQ treatment in SMAD4 deficient PDA may prevent therapeutic resistance induced by autophagy upregulation. We retrospectively analyzed the SMAD4 status of patients with PDA enrolled in two prospective clinical trials evaluating pre‐operative HCQ. The first dose escalation trial demonstrated the safety of preoperative gemcitabine with HCQ (NCT01128296). More recently, a randomized trial of gemcitabine/nab‐paclitaxel +/− HCQ evaluated Evans Grade histopathologic response (NCT01978184). The effect of SMAD4 loss on response to HCQ and chemotherapy was studied for association with clinical outcome. Fisher’s exact test and log‐rank test were used to assess response and survival. Fifty‐two patients receiving HCQ with neoadjuvant chemotherapy were studied. Twenty‐five patients had SMAD4 loss (48%). 76% of HCQ‐treated patients with SMAD4 loss obtained a histopathologic response greater than or equal to 2A, compared with only 37% with SMAD4 intact (p = 0.006). Although loss of SMAD4 has been associated with worse outcomes, in the current study, loss of SMAD4 was not associated with a detriment in median overall survival in HCQ‐treated patients (34.43 months in SMAD4 loss vs. 27.27 months in SMAD4 intact, p = 0.18). The addition of HCQ to neoadjuvant chemotherapy in patients with PDA may improve treatment response in those with SMAD4 loss. Further study of the relationship among SMAD4, autophagy, and treatment outcomes in PDA is warranted.
Current view of neoadjuvant chemotherapy in primarily resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma; Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) is now the 11th most common cancer and in 2018 there were 458,918 new cases worldwide. In the Czech Republic, a total of 2,173 patients were diagnosed in 2015, ranking the second in incidence worldwide. In contrast to other malignancies, recent research has not brought any major breakthrough in the treatment of PDAC and hence the prognosis remains very serious. Radical resection is the only curative approach, but after the initiation of the standard pathological evaluation of the resected tissue, according to the Leeds protocol, 80% of the resections are R1 (resections with microscopically positive margins). The results of studies in patients with borderline resectable or locally advanced PDAC prefer neoadjuvant chemotherapy or chemoradiotherapy. This approach leads to a higher number of radical R0 resections and better survival. For neoadjuvant treatment in patients with primarily resectable PDAC, most results come from retrospective analysis or phase II trials. However, recently, data from three randomized clinical trials with neoadjuvant therapy for resectable PDAC were presented. These results support the use of chemotherapy or chemoradiotherapy prior to surgery. In the trials published to date, there are differences in chemotherapeutic regimens, cytostatic doses, and the definition of resectability. Thus, up‐front resection with adjuvant chemotherapy is still the standard of care and a well‐designed randomized trial using neoadjuvant therapy is now necessary.
The role of radiotherapy in the treatment of pancreatic cancer; Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma remains one of the most feared malignancies of the gastrointestinal tract with a 5‐year survival rate of 0.4 to 4 percent. Because of this dismal prognosis, it is one of the top four causes of cancer death in the Western world. Pancreaticoduodenectomy has been considered the mainstay of treatment for patients who are supposed to have localized disease. Surgical resection of the tumor is associated with an improved 5‐year survival ranging from 10 to 30%. Therefore studies over the past 30 years have largely focused on improving outcomes through (neo)adjuvant therapy, by decreasing the high local‐regional recurrence rates observed in patients treated with surgery alone and by improving survival. The understanding that pancreatic cancer is a systemic disease at diagnosis in almost all patients underscores the need for a multimodal approach of patient care. Adjuvant chemotherapy with 5‐fluorouracil, as well as with gemcitabine, for six months has been proven to prolong overall as well as disease free survival significantly. The role of adjuvant chemoradiation remains controversial given the contradictory results obtained. Neoadjuvant chemoradiation is an attractive concept in resectable pancreatic cancer and, potentially, in locally advanced pancreatic cancer. Although the results of this approach appear promising for both disease stages, they have to be confirmed in randomized phase III trials. Questions remain about the role of new targeted therapies and the use of a more effective chemotherapy. In this article, the current status of the (neoadjuvant treatment for pancreatic cancer is reviewed. In order to advance and make progress, further clinical trials are warranted, while patients should be encouraged to participate in well‐designed clinical trials to increase the evidence‐based knowledge.
A Prospective Randomized Multi-center Study for Efficacy of Metallic Biliary Stent Compared to Plastic Stent in Patients Receiving Neoadjuvant Chemotherapy for Resectable Pancreatic Cancer; Pancreatic cancer is the eighth most common occurrence in Korea. In the United States, pancreatic cancer is expected to be the number two cause of death from cancer in 2030. The prevalence of pancreatic cancer is also on the rise in Korea. The 5‐year survival rate of pancreatic cancer in Korea is 10.8%. According to the 2017 cause of death statistics, pancreatic cancer mortality is ranked fifth. It is known to have the worst prognosis of cancer in the body. The median survival period of unresectable pancreatic cancer is only six months, and resection is the only treatment that can be expected to be completely cured, but only about 10% of cases are possible to be operable at the time of diagnosis. In the 2000s, the studies began to emerge on diagnosis and treatment of pancreatic cancer with intermediate anatomical and imaging characteristics of resectable and locally advanced pancreatic cancer. Margin negative resection plays an important role in the long‐term survival rate in surgical treatment of pancreatic cancer. Prior to 2001, pancreatic cancer with invasion of vein was considered impossible to perform radical resection. However, the studies have been published that a satisfactory long‐term survival rate and margin negative resection could be obtained when venous resection was performed along with radical resection. Since the 2006, the National Comprehensive Cancer Network (NCCN) guideline, after performing radical resection among locally advanced pancreatic cancers without remote metastasis, pancreatic cancers with high risk of margin positive resection and treatment failure were classified as "borderline resectable". In the borderline resectable pancreatic cancer, neoadjuvant therapy was recommended before surgery. In recent years, the neoadjuvant therapy has been reported to raise the survival rate in resectable pancreatic cancer. Furthermore, a prospective study is in progress to demonstrate the effectiveness of neoadjuvant therapy with FOLFIRINOX in resectable pancreatic cancer. If pancreatic cancer is located in the head of pancreas, jaundice can be occurred often. In the case of preoperative jaundice, the possibility of postoperative complications increases. So biliary drainage is performed before surgery. In biliary drainage, usually the plastic stent was inserted through the endoscope. If the metal stent is inserted in the biliary obstruction, it can cause severe inflammation around the bile duct due to the radial force, and it is difficult to remove in the surgery. However, the meta‐analysis comparing the groups of metal and plastic stents in the recent preoperative biliary drainage showed no difference of postoperative complication, and postoperative pancreatic fistula was lower in the group of metal stents (5.1% vs. 11.8% p=0.04). In addition, fewer re‐intervention cases before surgery were found in the group of metal stents (3.4% vs.14.8% p < 0.0001). Not only in the borderline resectable, but also in the resectable pancreatic cancer, neoadjuvant therapy has recently been actively performed in the cases of large tumor size, high CA 19‐9, large lymph nodes, severe weight loss, and severe pain. The comparison study of the efficacy between plastic and metal stents in preoperative bile drainage in pancreatic cancer with neoadjuvant therapy has not yet been prospectively performed. However, retrospective studies have shown that metal stents have a lower re‐treatment rate than plastic stent (0.24 vs 0.54), and that there is no difference in post‐operative complications. Therefore, we planned the study to compare the efficacy and safety between metal and plastic stent in biliary drainage performed in patients undergoing neoadjuvant therapy with pancreatic cancer.
Preoperative chemoradiation for resectable adenocarcinoma of pancreatic head: results of a randomized phase-II trial; Background and aims. Neoadjuvant treatment was reported in a number of non‐randomized trials to prolong survival in patients with pancreatic cancer. We examined the value of neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy in a randomized phase‐II‐trial with strict preoperative definition of resectability. Methods. Patients with resectable adenocarcinoma of the pancreatic head were randomly assigned to primary surgery (Arm‐A) or neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy followed by surgery (Arm‐B) followed by adjuvant chemotherapy in both arms. A power calculation suggested that 254 patients were required to detect a 4.33 months improvement in median overall survival. Results. The trial was stopped for poor accrual after 73 patients were randomly assigned (37:36). Sixty‐eight patients were eligible for analysis and allocated therapy was received by 34 patients (A) and 30 patients (B). Tumor resection was performed in 24 patients (A) and in 20 patients (B). The R0 resection rate was 71% (A) and 90% (B, p=0.15) and (y)pN0 was 42% (A) vs. 70% (B, p=0.06). Postoperative complications were comparable in both groups. Median overall survival was 14.4 months (A) and 17.4 months (B); intention to treat analysis; n.s. Patients with surgical staging had more benefit from intensified preoperative local treatment [14.4 months (A) vs. 23.7 months (B); p=0.22]. For patients with tumor resection median overall survival amounted to 18.0 months in Arm‐A vs. 25.0 months in Arm‐B (p=0.47). Conclusions. R0‐resection rate, (y)pN0‐rate and median overall survival were higher after chemoradiotherapy, but the effect was not significant possibly due to low sample size. Neoadjuvant treatment was safe and should be further investigated based on the observed effect.
Preoperative chemoradiation for resectable adenocarcinom of the pancreas (ISRCTN 78805636): results of a randomized trial; Introduction. Standard treatment for resectable pancreatic carcinoma is primary surgery, and median overal survival time [mOS] for patients [pts] with resected pancreatic cancer is about 20 months. But still most pts die from local relapse or metastases. Therefore, we investigated in a randomized controlled trial whether preoperative chemoradiation [CRT] in resectable pancreatic carcinoma is superior compared to primary resection. Patients and methods. Pts with histologically proven ductal adenocarcinoma of the pancreatic head encircling peripancreatic vessels for 180° were randomized into two groups: Group A: primary surgery, Group B: preoperative chemoradiation (55.4 Gy; gemcitabine/cisplatin), followed by surgery 6 weeks later. In 2005 a protocol amendment suggested adjuvant chemotherapy (gemcitabine). The primary endpoint was mOS. Results. Between 01.06.2003 and 31.12.2009, 73 pts were randomised in 8 centres (A: n=37, B: n=36). Due to slow recruitment the trial was closed early (planned n=254). By 25.7.11 data of 68 pts (A/B: n=34) could be evaluated, 3 pts withdrew consent (A/B: n=2/1), 1 centre did not sent data (A/B: n=1). The allocated therapy was received by 33 pts in Group A and 30 pts in Group B. 1 pt (A) developed sepsis and died before surgery. 4 pts refused the allocated CRT and underwent primary surgery. Another 4 pts (B) did not undergo surgery due to obvious tumor progression after CRT. Tumor resection was performed in 24 pts (A) and in 20 pts (B) by intention‐to‐treat‐analysis. Explorative laparotomy revealed locally unresectable tumor in 6 pts (A/B n=4/2) and distant metastasis in 13 pts (A/B n=5/8). The R0‐resection rate was 67% (16/24 pts) in A and 90% (18/20 pts) in B (p=0.083, fisher exact test). One patient (A) died postoperatively due to perioperative myocardial infarction/multiorgan failure in hospital. Postoperative complications were comparable in both groups. mOS was 14.4 months (A) and 17.4 months (B; p=0.90). mOS after tumor resection was 18 months and 25 months respectively (p=0,63). For pts whose tumors were not resected mOS was 9.5 months (A) and 8.2 months (B; p=0.84; similar figures for per‐protocol analysis). Conclusion. The results for the primary endpoint mOS of this trial were not statistically significant due to low patient numbers. Instead, both groups had comparable survival figures for resected as well as for notresected disease. There was a trend for a higher rate of clear resection margins after CRT and CRT helped to de‐mask the biology of the tumor sparing pts with rapidly progressive disease from surgery.
OUTCOMES OF NEOADJUVANT CHEMORADIATION WITH AND WITHOUT SYSTEMIC CHEMOTHERAPY IN RESECTABLE AND BORDERLINE RESECTABLE PANCREATIC ADENOCARCINOMA; Introduction: Neoadjuvant therapy is increasingly being used for localized pancreatic adenocarcinoma. While there is evidence supporting neoadjuvant systemic chemotherapy as well as chemoradiation, more evidence is needed to determine whether systemic chemotherapy with chemoradiation offers benefits over chemoradiation alone. This study compares the outcomes of neoadjuvant chemoradiation therapy with and without systemic chemotherapy in resectable and borderline resectable pancreatic cancers. Methods: This retrospective review evaluated patients with resectable and borderline resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma who completed neoadjuvant chemoradiation therapy with and without systemic chemotherapy prior to surgical resection at our institution from 2004 to 2017. 149 patients met inclusion criteria, with 75 having resectable cancer and 74 having borderline resectable cancer. Outcome variables included recurrence free survival and overall survival rates at 1 and 3 years, as well as surgical resection margins and pattern of recurrence. Results: In resectable pancreatic carcinoma, 72% of patients achieved recurrence free survival at 1 year in the chemoradiation alone group compared to 78% in patients treated with systemic chemotherapy and chemoradiation (p=0.55). 28% of patients had recurrence free survival at 3 years in the chemoradiation alone group compared to 31% in patients who also received systemic chemotherapy (p=0.75). In both treatment groups, 92% of patients lived past 1 year (p=0.92), and 44% of patients survived at least 3 years (p=0.95). In borderline resectable pancreatic carcinoma, 50% of patients had recurrence free survival at 1 year in the chemoradiation alone group compared to 70% in patients who also received systemic chemotherapy (p=0.079). The 3 year recurrence free survival was 26% and 29% for the chemoradiation alone group and the systemic chemotherapy plus chemoradiation group respectively (p=0.85). There was no significant difference in 1 year overall survival: 85% of patients in the chemoradiation alone group survived compared to 92% in patients treated with systemic chemotherapy and chemoradiation (p=0.32). Both groups had 41% overall survival at 3 years (p=0.96). Discussion Among patients with resectable and borderline resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma, there was no significant difference in overall or recurrence free survival between patients treated with chemoradiation with and without systemic chemotherapy. Our findings suggest that both systemic neoadjuvant chemotherapy with chemoradiation and chemoradiation alone are efficacious treatment options for localized pancreatic carcinoma. This brings into question whether more effective systemic chemotherapy is necessary to increase survival benefit. [Figure Presented] [Figure Presented]
A platform trial of neoadjuvant and adjuvant antitumor vaccination alone or in combination with PD-1 antagonist and CD137 agonist antibodies in patients with resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma; A neoadjuvant immunotherapy platform clinical trial allows for rapid evaluation of treatment‐related changes in tumors and identifying targets to optimize treatment responses. We enrolled patients with resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma into such a platform trial (NCT02451982) to receive pancreatic cancer GVAX vaccine with low‐dose cyclophosphamide alone (Arm A; n = 16), with anti‐PD‐1 antibody nivolumab (Arm B; n = 14), and with both nivolumab and anti‐CD137 agonist antibody urelumab (Arm C; n = 10), respectively. The primary endpoint for Arms A/B ‐ treatment‐related change in IL17A expression in vaccine‐induced lymphoid aggregates ‐ was previously published. Here, we report the primary endpoint for Arms B/C: treatment‐related change in intratumoral CD8+ CD137+ cells and the secondary outcomes including safety, disease‐free and overall survivals for all Arms. Treatment with GVAX+nivolumab+urelumab meets the primary endpoint by significantly increasing intratumoral CD8+ CD137+ cells (p = 0.003) compared to GVAX+Nivolumab. All treatments are well‐tolerated. Median disease‐free and overall survivals, respectively, are 13.90/14.98/33.51 and 23.59/27.01/35.55 months for Arms A/B/C. GVAX+nivolumab+urelumab demonstrates numerically‐improved disease‐free survival (HR = 0.55, p = 0.242; HR = 0.51, p = 0.173) and overall survival (HR = 0.59, p = 0.377; HR = 0.53, p = 0.279) compared to GVAX and GVAX+nivolumab, respectively, although not statistically significant due to small sample size. Therefore, neoadjuvant and adjuvant GVAX with PD‐1 blockade and CD137 agonist antibody therapy is safe, increases intratumoral activated, cytotoxic T cells, and demonstrates a potentially promising efficacy signal in resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma that warrants further study.
Systemic Therapy and Chemoradiation in Advanced Localised Pancreatic Cancer - 2; Pancreatic cancer has a poor outcome. Approximately 8000 cases are diagnosed in the UKeach year and approximately 8000 patients die from the disease [1]. 20% of the patientsare operable at diagnosis, 30‐40% have locally advanced inoperable disease [LANPC] andanother 40‐50% have metastatic disease. Patients with LANPC have a relatively betterprognosis compared to patients with metastatic disease (median overall survival 10‐12months and 5‐6 months respectively). Currently, treatment options for LANPC include: 1. Primary chemotherapy 2. Primary chemoradiation (CRT) followed by adjuvant chemotherapy 3. Induction chemotherapy followed by CRTStudies investigating primary chemotherapy vs. primary CRT have reported overall survivalbetween ten to 12 months and there are conflicting reports as to whether chemotherapyalone or primary CRT is superior [2, 3].More recently, there has been a shift to using induction chemotherapy to pre‐selectpatients who are suitable for CRT. The LAP07 trial [4] compared chemotherapy alone(gemcitabine with/without erlotinib) versus same chemotherapy for 4 months followed byconsolidation capecitabine‐based CRT. The study aimed to recruit over 700 patients butclosed early on recommendation of IDMC following a planned interim analysis after 442patients. This study failed to show superiority of consolidation CRT over continuingchemotherapy alone (median overall survival 15.2 months vs. 16.4 months, log rank p=0.8)but confirmed good tolerance of CRT in multi‐institutional setting (Grade 3/4gastro‐intestinal toxicity 5.9%; Grade 3/4 neutropenia 3.1%) [4]. The investigatorsconcluded that both chemotherapy alone and consolidation CRT are options for this groupof patients and further trials should investigate intensifying both radiotherapy (RT) andchemotherapy strategies.In the UK, the recently reported SCALOP trial randomised patients to gemcitabine orcapecitabine based CRT following 4 months of induction GEMCAP chemotherapy [5]. 114patients were recruited from 28 centres over 2 years, and 74 non‐progressive patientswere randomised to CRT. This study demonstrated UK's feasibility to recruit to CRT trialsin pancreatic cancer and deliver high quality RT within a well‐controlled RadiotherapyTrials Quality Assurance programme coordinated by the NCRI RTTQA Group. SCALOP suggestedsuperiority of capecitabine‐based CRT over gemcitabine based‐CRT in terms of overallsurvival (median overall survival 15.2 vs. 13.4 months, HR 0.39, p=0.012) and treatmentrelated Grade 3/4 toxicity (haematological 0% vs. 18%, p=0.008; non‐haematological 12%vs. 26%, p=0┬╖12). The outcome/toxicity in the cape‐RT arm was very similar to thatreported in LAP07 study, and capecitabine could now be considered as the preferredradio‐sensitizer in the context of pancreatic CRT.The importance of local control in LANPC Although LANPC and metastatic pancreatic cancerhave been traditionally treated similarly with chemotherapy under the premise that thisis largely a systemic disease, recent developments in molecular and genetic aspects ofpancreatic cancer would suggest that this disease is heterogeneous with different geneticsubtypes and the systemic nature of the disease can no longer be assumed. Studies haveshown that nearly a third of patients with LANPC die as a result of local progression oftheir disease rather than systemic spread; the loss of Dpc4 gene has been correlated withsystemic spread of the disease whereas patients with intact Dpc4 have local tumourpredominance [6, 7]. Local progression occurs in more than half the cases afterconventional CRT (SCALOP unpublished data) and one study has shown that local failure maybe a predictor of early mortality (HR 2.15; p=0.0074, [8]). One meta‐analysis of 4,394patients suggests that one‐third of initially unresectable tumours may become operablefollowing neo‐adjuvant therapy [9], and improving local control is likely to become morerelevant in the face of improved systemic treatment like GEMABX (gemcitabine +nab‐paclitaxel) and FOLFIRINOX, as patients are likely to live long enough to developlocal symptoms.Radiotherapy dose escalation It is widely accepted that adenocarcinoma is aradio‐resistant tumour and radiation doses of less than 60‐70Gy are unlikely to eradicatethe disease. However current pancreatic CRT schedules (45‐54Gy in 25‐30 fractions) arelimited by the tolerance dose of the surrounding organs at risk (OARs), i.e., smallbowel, duodenum, stomach, liver and kidneys. Using current dose schedules, local failureoccurs in 40‐60% cases despite CRT [8, 10, 11] and <5% of patients show radiological orpathological complete response following treatment [9, 12].A small retrospective study has shown that RT dose ΓëÑ 54Gy was associated with a trendtowards improved overall survival (11.3 mo. vs. 6.8 mo., p=0.089) [13]. Another Phase Idose intensification study explored the role of escalating dose per fraction, and ahigher Biological Equivalent Dose (BED) of RT was delivered (dose escalated from 50 to 60Gy in 25 fractions, concurrent with gemcitabine 1000mg/m2 weekly) [14]. The recommendedphase II dose was 55Gy in 25 fractions, at which the DLT (Dose Limiting toxicity)probability was 0.24; of the 50 patients recruited to the study, the median OS was 14.8months with a 2‐year OS of 30%; 12 underwent resection (R0=10) with a median OS of 32months in resected patients. The promising outcome and acceptable toxicity seen in thisstudy suggests that role of RT dose escalation should be further investigated in arandomised trial.Although concerns about safe radiation doses to the surrounding critical organs haspreviously discouraged dose escalation studies, modern day technical advancement withIntensity Modulated radiotherapy (IMRT) and Image Guided RT (IGRT) allows precisedelivery of radiotherapy while reducing dose to OARs [14‐16]. A dose of 59.4Gy/33fractions has been safely delivered in combination with gemcitabine, cisplatin and RT inthe ARC I and the ARC II studies [17](see below ). A hypothetical planning study from theMD Anderson group has demonstrated that dose to the pancreas can be escalated to 72Gy/36fractions based on relationship of GTV to the gastro intestinal‐OARs, using IMRT orproton therapy [18]. Taken together, these studies indicate that radiation dose in theregion of 60Gy using conventional fractionation and conservative radiation volumes couldbe investigated as a component of dose escalation in a multi‐centre 'trial, withinconstraints of a rigorous Radiotherapy Quality Assurance programme.Nelfinavir in pancreatic cancer CRT Pancreatic cancer remains refractory to mostconventional therapies and is driven by multiple oncogenic mutations including KRASmutation and PTEN loss. EGFR (Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor), KRAS and PIK3CAsignalling are mediated in part through PI3K (Phospho‐Inositol‐3 Kinase) and Aktsignalling. Preclinical data suggest that PI3K‐inhibition using HIV protease inhibitorsincluding nelfinavir reduce radioresistance [19, 20] and downregulates phosphorylation ofAkt at Ser473 leading to radiosensitization [21, 22]. As Akt pathway is overactive intumours but not normal tissue, it causes selective radiosensitization without aggravatingRT mediated normal tissue damage. This radiosensitization effect is seen even in KRASmutant pancreatic cell lines [19], which is highly relevant in clinical practice as >90%of pancreatic tumours are KRAS mutant. The inhibition of this pathway has also been shownto normalise tumour vasculature, increase vascular flow and perfusion and reduce hypoxiain tumour xenografts [23, 24], all of which may also contribute to the radiosensitizingeffect seen with this class of drugs. As nelfinavir has been widely used as ananti‐retroviral agent, there is a wealth of safety data on this agent [25] and aretrospective study has shown no increase in radiation related acute toxicity compared tocontrol [26]. The ARC‐I trial, a phase I study which tested the toxicity ofnelfinavir‐based CRT in LANPC. Twelve patients were treated with a RT dose of 59.4Gyradiation in 33 fractions in combination with nelfinavir (1250mg bd, starting 3 daysbefore start of RT, until final day of RT), gemcitabine (Dose level 1: 200mg/m2; Doselevel 2: 300mg/m2) and cisplatin 30mg/m2 with the chemotherapy being delivered on days 1,8, 22, 29 [17]. Grade 3 /4 non‐haematological toxicity was reported in 16.7%; completeradiological response on FDG‐PET was seen in 50% of the cases and R0 resection wasachieved in 6 patients. Median OS was 18 months. A subsequent phase II study, ARC II(35), tested the efficacy and toxicity of the combination at the higher dose ofGemcitabine (300mg/m2) in 23 patients. Although upfront CRT (without inductionchemotherapy) was used, median and 1‐year overall survival were 17.4 months and 73.4%respectively, which compares well historic studies of primary CRT. Key Grade 3/4toxicities (nausea/vomiting 21.7%; diarrhoea 21.7%; fatigue 17.4%; neutropenia 8.7%;thrombocytopenia 39.1%) is likely to have been contributed by the gemcitabine/cisplatinchemotherapy and large RT fields which included prophylactic nodal irradiation. Inaddition to this study, a recently reported phase I study combining radical CRT withnelfinavir in stage IIIA and B non‐small cell lung cancer showed minimal toxicity withfive out of nine complete responses [27]. Nelfinavir has demonstrated promisingradio‐sensitizing effects and therefore merits further investigation in a phase II trial.Systemic therapy in pancreatic cancer Both FOLFIRINOX (5FU, Folinic Acid, Irinotecan,Oxaliplatin) [28] and GEMABX [29] are treatment options for patients with goodperformance status advanced pancreatic cancer.The MPACT study [29] compared gemcitabine alone with a combination of gemcitabine andnab‐paclitaxel in 861 patients with metastatic pancreatic cancer. The OS (8.5 vs. 6.7months, p<0.001), PFS (5.5 vs. 3.7 months, p<0.001) and overall response rate (23% vs.7%, p<0.001) favoured the combination therapy. Although Grade 3/4 neutropenia was seen in38% of patients (cf 27% on gemcitabine alone), incidence of febrile neutropenia was low(3%) and other toxicities were manageable (Grade 3/4 fatigue 17% vs. 7%; Grade 3/4neuropathy 17% vs. 1%, improved to Grade 0/1 in 29 days). Relative protocol doses ofgemcitabine and nab‐paclitaxel were 75% and 81% respectively (cf 85% in the gemcitabinearm) and suggested that the regimen is well tolerated. Moreover, the relative lack ofnon‐overlapping toxicity with capecitabine‐RT, most importantly gastro‐intestinaltoxicity, makes it an attractive regimen to use prior to consolidation CRT.2.3 Rationale Local control is important in pancreatic cancer but current CRT schedulescould be refined. Improving local control through RT dose escalation or enhancedradiosensitization may improve local control and overall survival in pancreatic cancer.We wish to test this hypothesis in the SCALOP‐2 trial.
Preoperative gemcitabine-based chemoradiation therapy for pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma of the body and tail: impact of splenic vessels involvement on operative outcome and pattern of recurrence; Background Among the various multimodal treatment strategies for pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDA), preoperative chemoradiation therapy (CRT) and subsequent operation is a promising strategy. The aim of this study is to evaluate the outcome of preoperative gemcitabine‐based CRT for PDA of the body and tail, focusing on the associations among splenic vessel involvement, surgical outcomes, and pattern of recurrence. Methods A total of 99 patients with PDA of the body and tail received preoperative CRT. The status of tumor involvement of the splenic artery (SA) and vein (SV) were evaluated based on radiographical findings obtained before the initiation of preoperative CRT. We assessed the following in association with the status of SA and SV involvement: (1) resection rate, (2) survival, and (3) pattern of recurrence. Results The resection rate of SA‐positive cases (71%) was significantly lesser than that of SA‐negative cases (94%; P =.004), whereas SV involvement was not associated with the resection rate. The 5‐year survival rates of the resected SA‐negative and SA‐positive cases were 76% and 20%, respectively (P <.001). The 5‐year cumulative incidence of distant recurrence was significantly higher in the SA‐positive patients than in the SA‐negative patients (74% vs 17%; P <.001). Conclusion In preoperative CRT for PDA of the body and tail, positive SA involvement was associated with a lesser resection rate, and the survival rate for the patients with SA‐positive tumors was lesser than that for patients with SA‐negative tumors because of the greater incidence of distant recurrence in SA‐positive patients.
Stereotactic body radiotherapy vs conventionally fractionated chemoradiation in locally advanced pancreatic cancer: a multicenter case-control study (PAULA-1); Conventionally fractionated chemoradiation (CRT) or chemotherapy (CHT) are considered as standard options in locally advanced pancreatic cancer (LAPC) while stereotactic body radiotherapy (SBRT) is an emerging treatment in this setting. The aim of this study was to compare two cohorts of LAPC patients treated with SBRT ± CHT vs CRT ± CHT in terms of local control (LC), distant metastases‐free survival (DMFS), progression‐free survival (PFS), overall survival (OS), and toxicity. Eighty patients were included. Patients in the two cohorts were matched according to: age ≤/>65 years, tumor diameter (two cut‐offs: </≥3.0 and </≥3.9 cm), clinical tumor stage and clinical nodal stage, neoadjuvant CHT, and adjuvant CHT. Median prescribed total dose was 30.0 Gy (range: 18.0‐37.5) and 54.0 Gy (18.0‐63.0) in SBRT and CRT cohorts, respectively. Toxicity was evaluated by CTCAE v4.0 scale. Survival curves were calculated by Kaplan‐Meier method. For hypothesis testing an equivalence and a non‐inferiority test was calculated. No statistically significant differences in terms of acute and late toxicity, DMFS, PFS, and OS were recorded among the two cohorts. Median, 1‐, and 2‐year LC was: 16.0 months, 53.1%, and 40.5% in the CRT cohort and 22.0 months, 80.4%, and 49.8% in the SBRT cohort, respectively (P:.017). A statistically non‐inferiority significance was recorded in terms of OS between CRT and SBRT (P =.031). Patients treated with SBRT showed higher LC rate and similar OS compared to CRT. Therefore, the design of confirmatory randomized studies comparing SBRT and CRT seems justified.
1053 EFFECTS OF NEOADJUVANT THERAPY ON THE OCCURENCE OF CLINICAL RELEVANT PANCREATIC FISTULA AFTER PANCREATICODUODENECTOMY; Background: Postoperative morbidity and mortality after pancreaticoduodenectomy (Whipple Procedure) has improved significantly during the last decades. However, the rate of postoperative complications remains in disproportional high rates exceeding 50% in some studies. Clinically relevant pancreatic fistula or anastomotic leak from pancreato‐jejunostomy remains the most fearful complication. An increasing number of patients receive either chemotherapy or radiotherapy in neoadjuvant setting. We aimed to determine the association between preoperative therapy and clinically relevant postoperative pancreatic fistula. Methods: The 2014 to 2017 Pancreas Targeted ACS‐NSQIP databases were merged with the 2014 and 2017 ACS‐NSQIP Participant User File (PUF) databases, and both were used to carry out this study. Our inclusion criteria were patients who underwent a Whipple procedure for malignancy by using the following CPT codes: 48150, 48152, 48153 and 48154. Our exclusion criteria were cases with missing data on the preoperative chemoradiotherapy status and patients who underwent a Whipple procedure for non‐malignancies. Postoperative pancreatic fistula was defined based on the International Study Group (ISGPS) definition and grading of postoperative pancreatic fistula. Patients were categorized the following four groups: patients without preoperative chemoradiotherapy, patients with preoperative chemotherapy, patients with preoperative radiotherapy and patients with preoperative combination of chemotherapy/ radiotherapy. Multivariate logistic regression was performed to assess the relationship of preoperative treatment with the odds of patients having clinically relevant postoperative pancreatic leak, after controlling for other preoperative and intraoperative factors. The adjusting factors are shown in table. Results: Of 12277 patients, who had undergone pancreaticoduodenectomy, 9543 (77.7%) patients had no preoperative treatment, 1644 (13.4%) patients had only preoperative chemotherapy, 96 (0.8%) patients had only radiotherapy and 994 (8.1%) patients had both preoperative chemotherapy and radiotherapy. Baseline characteristics were assessed. We found a statistically significant difference between the four groups with lower rates of pancreatic fistula in all three groups of patients who received preoperative treatment compared to those patients who did not receive any type of treatment (Chart). All types of preoperative treatment reduce the risk of developing a clinically relevant postoperative pancreatic fistula, even after the adjustment for multiple possible confounding factors with multivariate analysis (Table). Conclusions: Patients who received any type of preoperative treatment (Chemotherapy or Radiotherapy or Both) had lower chances of postoperative complications with clinically relevant postoperative pancreatic fistula.
Neoadjuvant chemotherapy in resectable pancreatic cancer; INTERVENTION: This clinical trial will consist of: ‐ 12 cycles of mFOLFIRINO Xmaintenance chemotherapy after surgery (Arm A) and ‐ 6 cycles of mFOLFIRINO Xchemotherapy followed by surgery and 6 cycles of postoperative mFOLFIRINO Xchemotherapy (Arm B) for patients with histologically diagnosed resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma. Both arms will receive a total of 12 chemotherapy cycles administered over 24 weeks (i.e., 14 days per cycle). Arm A will start mFOLFIRINO Xwithin 8 weeks after surgery. Arm B will have surgery 4‐6 weeks after completion of mFOLFIRINOX, and start post‐operative mFOLFIRINO Xwithin 8 weeks after surgery. The recruitment goal will be 100 participants in Australia. The 100 participants will be assigned to the neoadjuvant chemotherapy group and the upfront surgery group in a 1:1 ratio; thus, the number of patients in each group will be 50 (neoadjuvant chemotherapy group) and 50 (upfront surgery group), respectively. Route of administration and dosage of mFOLFIRINOX: Oxaliplatin (85 mg/m2) is initially administered intravenously for 2 h, after which 50 mg/m2 leucovorin is injected over 2 h, and irinotecan (180 mg/m2) is administered for 90 min intravenously at the same time. Subsequently, a single intravenous infusion of 5‐Fluorouracil (5‐FU; 400 mg/m2) is administered. After that, 2400 mg/m2 of 5‐FU is injected intravenously for 44 h. This process is repeated every 2 weeks. * Irinotecan is dose‐adjustable from 150‐180 mg/m2 depending on patient condition. Chemotherapy will be administered on the planned visit date, but it can be administered ± 2 days from the scheduled visit date. Primary prophylaxis with granulocyte‐colony stimulating factor (G‐CSF) is recommended after every cycle of mFOLFIRINO CONDITION: Cancer ‐ Pancreatic Pancreatic cancer; ; Pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: Change in overall survival rate between individuals who receive mFOLFIRINOX before and after surgery, compared to those who only receive postoperative mFOLFIRINOX.[Survival data will be collected from review of medical records. The first follow‐up visit will commence immediately after the completion of therapy, They will subsequently be performed every 4 months after the first day of the last postoperative chemotherapy cycle.] SECONDARY OUTCOME: Adverse events, defined according to CTCAE version 5.0.[These data will be collected from medical records. The first follow‐up visit will commence immediately after the completion of therapy, They will subsequently be performed every 4 months after the first day of the last postoperative chemotherapy cycle.] Disease‐free survival[Disease‐free survival: Defined as the time between the date of operation and the occurrence of distant metastases, locoregional progression, or death from any cause. Patients who alive and free of these events at the last follow‐up will be censored. These data will be collected from medical records. The first follow‐up visit will commence immediately after the completion of therapy, They will subsequently be performed every 4 months after the first day of the last postoperative chemotherapy cycle.] Local recurrence rate[Local recurrence is defined as recurrence in the pancreatic resection margin, residual pancreas, and regional lymph nodes, and distant metastasis is defined as recurrence in a distant organ. Local recurrence and distant metastasis rates are defined as the percentage of patients who have recurrence after the surgical resection. These data will be collected from medical records. The first follow‐up visit will commence immediately after the completion of therapy, They will subsequently be performed every 4 months after the first day of the last postoperative chemotherapy cycle.] Lymph node negativity resection rate[Lymph node‐negative resection rate: Defined as the percentage of patients who underwent resection with negative lymph nodes (N0) in the surgical specimen. These data will be collected from medical records. The first follow‐up visit will commence immediately after the completion of therapy, They will subsequently be performed every 4 months after the first day of the last postoperative chemotherapy cycle.] R0 resection rate[R0 resection rate: Referred to the proportion of patients with microscopically negative resection margins due to the pathological examinations after the surgery. In this case, R0 indicates that no tumour is observed within 0 mm from the margins of resection. These data will be collected from medical records. The first follow‐up visit will commence immediately after the completion of therapy, They will subsequently be performed every 4 months after the first day of the last postoperative chemotherapy cycle.] Resection rate[Resection rate: Referred to the proportion of patients who underwent curative resection. These data will be collected from medical records. The first follow‐up visit will commence immediately after the completion of therapy, They will subsequently be performed every 4 months after the first day of the last postoperative chemotherapy cycle.] Response rate after preoperative chemotherapy[Response rate after preoperative chemotherapy: Defined as the percentage of patients who showed complete response, partial response, and stable disease after three or si Xcycles of scheduled chemotherapy. The evaluation is based on RECIST v.1.1 via CT scans. These data will be collected from medical records. The first follow‐up visit will commence immediately after the completion of therapy, They will subsequently be performed every 4 months after the first day of the last postoperative chemotherapy cycle.] INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients must meet all of the following criteria to participate in this study. 1. Age: 18 – 80 years 2. Patients with an Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) score of 0 – 2 3. Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma diagnosed by histological examination (histologic or cytopathological) 4. Patients evaluated for resectable pancreatic cancer on preoperative imaging as follows (NCCN guidelines for pancreatic adenocarcinoma version 2.2021) a. There is no arterial tumour contact (celiac artery, superior mesenteric artery, or common hepatic artery). b. There is no tumour contact with the superior mesenteric vein or portal vein or equal to or less than 180°contact without vein contour irregularity. 5. No distant metastases on preoperative imaging 6. Patients with adequate organ function a) Bone marrow function: WBC greater or equal to 3,000/mm3 or absolute neutrophil count (ANC) greater or equal to 1,500/mm3, platelet greater or equal to 1
Postoperative complications following neoadjuvant therapy and surgery in a phase 2 borderline resectable pancreatic cancer clinical trial (Alliance A021501); Background: Postoperative complications in patients with borderline resectable pancreatic cancer treated with neoadjuvant therapy and pancreatectomy in the national cooperative group setting have not been previously characterized. Further, the impact of preoperative hypofractionated radiotherapy on postoperative outcomes is largely unknown. We sought to quantify perioperative morbidity among patients with pancreatic cancer who received neoadjuvant modified FOLFIRINOX chemotherapy with or without hypofractionated radiotherapy on a multicenter clinical trial. Methods: The A021501 phase 2 trial randomized patients with borderline resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma to 8 doses of mFOLFIRINOX (Arm 1) or 7 doses of mFOLFIRINOX then hypofractionated radiotherapy (Arm 2), followed by pancreatectomy (Dec 31, 2016‐Jan 1, 2019). Patients underwent resection according to defined operative standards at enrolling centers without specific requirements for either surgeon or hospital volume. Surgical complications and adverse events were assessed and captured at a single time point of 90 days after surgery and compared between treatment arms. Results: Of 126 enrolled patients, 51 (40%) underwent pancreatectomy (n=32, Arm 1; n=19, Arm 2) at 28 institutions. Vascular resection was performed in 19 patients (37%). One patient in Arm 2 died within 90 days after surgery. Rates of any surgical complication were 19% (n=6) in Arm 1 and 42% (n=8) in Arm 2 (p=0.07). Median length of stay was 7 days (range 5‐38 days). Five (10%) patients required reoperation within 90 days. Readmission rates were higher in Arm 2 than Arm 1 (16% vs. 42%, p=0.04) but there were no differences in rates of reoperation, pancreatic fistula or abscess requiring drainage, or wound infection between study arms. 54% of patients (n=26/ 48) experienced a grade 3 or higher adverse event, with no difference between treatment arms (47% versus 67%, p=0.7). Rates of initiation of adjuvant therapy did not differ between treatment arms (66% vs. 68%, p=0.4). Pancreatic fistula and abscess were associated with adjuvant therapy (p,0.01). No difference in overall survival was observed based on occurrence of surgical complications (HR 1.1; 95% CI 0.5‐2.6). Conclusions: In this national cooperative group study of patients with borderline resectable pancreatic cancer,postoperative complications following neoadjuvant chemotherapy, radiation, and surgical resection were consistent with rates previously reported by high‐volume institutions and using large datasets. Multimodality trials of preoperative therapy for locoregionally advanced pancreatic cancer may be safely performed in the cooperative group setting.
Phase i study of preoperative short-course chemoradiation with proton beam therapy and capecitabine for resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma of the head; PURPOSE: To evaluate the safety of 1 week of chemoradiation with proton beam therapy and capecitabine followed by early surgery. METHODS AND MATERIALS: Fifteen patients with localized resectable, pancreatic adenocarcinoma of the head were enrolled from May 2006 to September 2008. Patients received radiation with proton beam. In dose level 1, patients received 3 GyE × 10 (Week 1, Monday‐Friday; Week 2, Monday‐Friday). Patients in Dose Levels 2 to 4 received 5 GyE × 5 in progressively shortened schedules: level 2 (Week 1, Monday, Wednesday, and Friday; Week 2, Tuesday and Thursday), Level 3 (Week 1, Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, and Friday; Week 2, Monday), Level 4 (Week 1, Monday through Friday). Capecitabine was given as 825 mg/m(2) b.i.d. Weeks 1 and 2 Monday through Friday for a total of 10 days in all dose levels. Surgery was performed 4 to 6 weeks after completion of chemotherapy for Dose Levels 1 to 3 and then after 1 to 3 weeks for Dose Level 4. RESULTS: Three patients were treated at Dose Levels 1 to 3 and 6 patients at Dose Level 4, which was selected as the MTD. No dose limiting toxicities were observed. Grade 3 toxicity was noted in 4 patients (pain in 1; stent obstruction or infection in 3). Eleven patients underwent resection. Reasons for no resection were metastatic disease (3 patients) and unresectable tumor (1 patient). Mean postsurgical length of stay was 6 days (range, 5‐10 days). No unexpected 30‐day postoperative complications, including leak or obstruction, were found. CONCLUSIONS: Preoperative chemoradiation with 1 week of proton beam therapy and capecitabine followed by early surgery is feasible. A Phase II study is underway.
Preoperative Chemoradiotherapy Versus Immediate Surgery for Resectable and Borderline Resectable Pancreatic Cancer: results of the Dutch Randomized Phase III PREOPANC Trial; PURPOSE: Preoperative chemoradiotherapy may improve the radical resection rate for resectable or borderline resectable pancreatic cancer, but the overall benefit is unproven. PATIENTS AND METHODS: In this randomized phase III trial in 16 centers, patients with resectable or borderline resectable pancreatic cancer were randomly assigned to receive preoperative chemoradiotherapy, which consisted of 3 courses of gemcitabine, the second combined with 15 × 2.4 Gy radiotherapy, followed by surgery and 4 courses of adjuvant gemcitabine or to immediate surgery and 6 courses of adjuvant gemcitabine. The primary end point was overall survival by intention to treat. RESULTS: Between April 2013 and July 2017, 246 eligible patients were randomly assigned; 119 were assigned to preoperative chemoradiotherapy and 127 to immediate surgery. Median overall survival by intention to treat was 16.0 months with preoperative chemoradiotherapy and 14.3 months with immediate surgery (hazard ratio, 0.78; 95% CI, 0.58 to 1.05; P = .096). The resection rate was 61% and 72% (P = .058). The R0 resection rate was 71% (51 of 72) in patients who received preoperative chemoradiotherapy and 40% (37 of 92) in patients assigned to immediate surgery (P < .001). Preoperative chemoradiotherapy was associated with significantly better disease‐free survival and locoregional failure‐free interval as well as with significantly lower rates of pathologic lymph nodes, perineural invasion, and venous invasion. Survival analysis of patients who underwent tumor resection and started adjuvant chemotherapy showed improved survival with preoperative chemoradiotherapy (35.2 v 19.8 months; P = .029). The proportion of patients who suffered serious adverse events was 52% versus 41% (P = .096). CONCLUSION: Preoperative chemoradiotherapy for resectable or borderline resectable pancreatic cancer did not show a significant overall survival benefit. Although the outcomes of the secondary end points and predefined subgroup analyses suggest an advantage of the neoadjuvant approach, additional evidence is required.
Preoperative Exercise in Pancreatic Cancer; This study focuses on patients prescribed neoadjuvant (preoperative chemotherapy and radiation) prior to surgery for borderline resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma. This allows for a known, preoperative window long enough to provide an effective exercise intervention. The exercise program will be administered for at least eight weeks, but has no cap on length, as neoadjuvent treatment periods can vary between participants and a cessation of the exercise program before the end of this period could result in an undesirable loss in physical fitness and function. The study is a non‐randomized, parallel group, intervention control trial, based on pilot studies in similar patient populations. All participants meeting the inclusion criteria and able to participate in the exercise program will be assigned to the exercise group. Participants meeting the inclusion criteria, but unable to commit to the exercise program for practical reasons (transportation, location, etc), will be assigned to the standard care group.
Surgical Complications in a Multicenter Randomized Trial Comparing Preoperative Chemoradiotherapy and Immediate Surgery in Patients With Resectable and Borderline Resectable Pancreatic Cancer (PREOPANC Trial); OBJECTIVES: To investigate the effect of preoperative chemoradiotherapy on surgical complications in patients after pancreatic resection for (borderline‐)resectable pancreatic cancer. SUMMARY OF BACKGROUND DATA: Preoperative chemoradiotherapy is increasingly used in patients with (borderline‐)resectable pancreatic cancer. Concerns have been raised about the potential harmful effect of any preoperative therapy on the surgical complication rate after pancreatic resection. METHODS: An observational analysis was performed within the multicenter randomized controlled PREOPANC trial (April 2013‐July 2017). The trial randomly assigned (1:1) patients to preoperative chemoradiotherapy followed by surgery and the remaining adjuvant chemotherapy or to immediate surgery, followed by adjuvant chemotherapy. The main analysis consisted of a per‐protocol approach. The endpoints of the present analyses were the rate of postoperative complications. RESULTS: This study included 246 patients from 16 centers, of whom 66 patients underwent resection after preoperative therapy and 98 patients after immediate surgery. No differences were found regarding major complications (37.9% vs 30.6%, P = 0.400), postpancreatectomy hemorrhage (9.1% vs 5.1%, P = 0.352), delayed gastric emptying (21.2% vs 22.4%, P = 0.930), bile leakage (4.5% vs 3.1%, P = 0.686), intra‐abdominal infections (12.1% vs 10.2%, P = 0.800), and mortality (3.0% vs 4.1%, P = 1.000). There was a significant lower incidence of postoperative pancreatic fistula in patients who received preoperative chemoradiotherapy (0% vs 9.2%, P = 0.011). CONCLUSIONS: Preoperative chemoradiotherapy did not increase the incidence of surgical complications or mortality and reduced the rate of postoperative pancreatic fistula after resection in patients with (borderline‐)resectable pancreatic cancer.
Perineural invasion and lymph node involvement as indicators of surgical outcome and pattern of recurrence in the setting of preoperative gemcitabine-based chemoradiation therapy for resectable pancreatic cancer; OBJECTIVE: To analyze the histopathological indicators significantly associated with surgical outcome and the pattern of recurrence in the setting of preoperative gemcitabine‐based chemoradiation therapy (CRT) and subsequent pancreatectomy. BACKGROUND: Clinicopathological assessment of the resected specimen is an indispensable tool for predicting patient prognosis and localizing high‐risk sites for tumor relapse. This procedure is also essential for the establishment of efficient postoperative follow‐up protocols in the setting of a preoperative CRT strategy. METHODS: In a prospective phase II clinical trial at our hospital, 110 patients received preoperative CRT and subsequent resection. All 110 resected cases were included in this study. We employed disease‐free survival (DFS) as a surgical outcome, and the pattern of recurrence was divided into 2 categories: (1) recurrence in the abdominal cavity (RAC), defined as either a locoregional or a peritoneal recurrence; or (2) distant recurrence (DR), defined as cancer recurrence in a distant organ. Clinicopathological variables were analyzed in association with DFS, RAC, and DR. RESULTS: Positive nodal involvement and perineural invasion were independent factors that were significantly associated with an unfavorable DFS (P = 0.021 and P = 0.026, respectively). The presence of perineural invasion was the single independent variable significantly associated with an increased risk of RAC (P = 0.002), whereas the status of nodal involvement was the single independent variable significantly associated with an increased risk of DR (P = 0.013). CONCLUSIONS: The status of nodal involvement and perineural invasion in resected specimens are significantly associated with DFS and clearly predict the pattern of recurrence in the setting of a preoperative gemcitabine‐based CRT strategy. This study is registered at UMIN‐CTR and carries the ID number UMIN000001804.
Neoadjuvant approaches to pancreatic cancer; Despite major improvements in the perioperative outcome of pancreas surgery, the prognosis of pancreatic cancer after curative resection remains poor. Adjuvant chemotherapy increases disease‐free and overall survival, but this treatment cannot be offered to 20% to 40% of patients due to the surgical morbidity. In contrast, neoadjuvant therapy has a substantial impact in several gastro‐intestinal malignancies and has many theoretical advantages over adjuvant treatment in patients with pancreatic cancer. Neoadjuvant treatment has been proposed to have greater benefits on well oxygenated, nondevascularized tissue, with improved delivery of chemotherapeutic agents. It may be better tolerated, allowing for greater completion rates and may also reduce any delay in therapy, and could potentially downstage unresectable tumors. However, no phase III trials are available examining this approach in pancreatic cancer. Only prospective phase II trials using neoadjuvant treatment (chemotherapy or radio‐chemotherapy) for resectable, borderline rsectable and unresectable pancreatic cancer are available. Based on these studies, neoadjuvant treatment seems to have some activity in patients with borderline/unresectable pancreatic cancer. Nearly one third of tumors initially deemed marginal for operative intervention could be resected after treatment. In case of initially resectable pancreatic tumors, it is not clear whether patients may benefit from neoadjuvant therapy. In a recent phase II trial we have shown that neoadjuvant Gemcitabine‐Oxaliplatin is safe and effective, and has resulted in a median survival of 26.5 months. Moreover, it improved the nutritional status of patients with pancreatic cancer. We have therefore initiated a multicenter prospective randomized phase III trial (NEOPAC) to explore the efficacy of neoadjuvant chemotherapy in patients with pancreatic cancer. Patients with resectable, cytologically proven, adenocarcinoma of the pancreatic head are eligible for this study. An infiltration of the superior mesenteric vein >180° or major visceral arteries are considered exclusion criteria. Eligible patients are randomized to surgery followed by adjuvant gemcitabine (1000 mg/m2) for 6 months or neoadjuvant chemotherapy followed by surgery and the same adjuvant treatment. Neoadjuvant chemotherapy (gemcitabine 1000 mg/m2, oxaliplatin 100 mg/m2) is given four times every two weeks. The staging as well as the restaging protocol after neoadjuvant chemotherapy includes computed tomography (or PET‐CT if available) of chest and abdomen and diagnostic laparoscopy. The primary study endpoint is progression‐free survival. According to the sample size calculation, 155 patients need to be randomized to each treatment arm. Disease recurrence will be documented by scheduled computed tomography scans 9, 12, 15, 21 and thereafter every 6 months until disease progression. For quality control, circumferential resection margins are marked intraoperatively, and representative histological sections will be centrally reviewed by a dedicated pathologist. The NEOPAC study will determine the efficacy of neoadjuvant chemotherapy in pancreatic cancer for the first time and offers a unique potential for translational research. Furthermore, this trial will provide the unbiased overall survival of all patients undergoing surgery for resectable cancer of the pancreatic head.
Landmark Series: neoadjuvant Treatment in Borderline Resectable Pancreatic Cancer; Background: Borderline resectable pancreatic cancer (BRPC) is frequently encountered in high‐volume centers. It has various definitions among different societies or institutions. Patients and Methods: In this landmark series review, we summarize the critical randomized controlled studies that have defined the neoadjuvant and surgical management of BRPC. Results: Surgical resection after neoadjuvant treatment is the mainstay of treatment and should involve margin‐negative resection with regional lymphadenectomy. Several recently completed randomized controlled clinical trials have defined the role of neoadjuvant chemotherapy for patients with BRPC. The utilization of chemoradiation remains controversial. Conclusions: The definition of BRPC goes beyond the anatomic relationship between the tumor and vessels. We need to include biological and conditional dimensions. Neoadjuvant chemotherapy and surgery are associated with improved outcomes of BRPC. Understanding the molecular features of pancreatic cancer should lead to the discovery of novel biomarkers as well as a more personalized approach to guide individualized therapy.
AACR Special Conference in Cancer Research: pancreatic Cancer; The proceedings contain 330 papers. The topics discussed include: therapeutic development platform for pancreatic cancer in the UK national health service: lessons learned and initial results from Precision‐Panc; CD40 agonist mitazalimab in combination with mFOLFIRINOX in patients with metastatic pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (mPDAC): interim efficacy results of the OPTIMIZE‐1 phase 1b/2 study; preoperative treatment with mFOLFIRINOX +/‐ isotoxic high‐dose stereotactic body radiation therapy (iHD‐SBRT) for borderline resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma (the STEREOPAC trial): a randomized comparative multicenter phase II trial; a phase II study of peri‐operative modified FOLFIRINOX in localized pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC); lymphopenia and spleen dose for inoperable pancreatic cancer patients receiving ablative 5‐fraction radiation therapy; and a multi‐institutional randomized phase III trial of chemotherapy alone versus chemotherapy and ablative 5‐fraction MRI‐guided adaptive radiation therapy for locally advanced pancreatic cancer (lap‐ablate).
Randomized Clinical Trials in Pancreatic Cancer; The management of pancreatic cancer has grown rapidly in the last decade. The Gastrointestinal Tumor Study Group trial in 1985 supported postoperative chemoradiation, and a more recent study recommended 6 months of adjuvant gemcitabine and capecitabine or monotherapy with gemcitabine or fluorouracil plus folinic acid, in the absence of neoadjuvant therapy. Clinicians are now studying the role of targeted therapy in pancreatic cancer and neoadjuvant chemotherapy in resectable, borderline resectable, and locally advanced pancreatic cancer. This article critically evaluates the evolution of pancreatic cancer management, focussing on level 1a, prospective randomized control trials from 2007 to 2017.
Neoadjuvant and Adjuvant Therapy in Operable Pancreatic Cancer: both Honey and Milk (but No Bread?); Pancreatic cancer has a dismal prognosis. Resection is the best option for cure, supported by multimodal therapy to treat the systemic disease. While adjuvant therapy has become standard in those who are fit and who can tolerate the given regimen, the concept of perioperative (neoadjuvant) therapy is building momentum. The concepts of “borderline” and “locally advanced” have changed the previous dichotomized “resectable/non‐resectable” into subcategories for which new algorithms have emerged, with neoadjuvant therapy discussed both for upfront resectable pancreatic cancer, for those deemed borderline resectable, and as “induction or conversion” therapy for locally advanced disease. The purpose of this invited commentary is to discuss some of the changing paradigms in multimodal therapy for operable pancreatic cancer. The PREOPANC trial presented randomized data on the role of neoadjuvant therapy for resectable and borderline cancers, but new questions have emerged. The role of combination therapy in the preoperative setting is discussed in the light of this trial. FOLFIRINOX has emerged as the most potent treatment regimen in the metastatic and adjuvant setting, but with no level I data to support neoadjuvant use yet. Several trials are ongoing to arrive at the best answer.
Effect of neoadjuvant chemotherapy using gemcitabine and S1 before surgery for pancreatic cancer on quality of life; Background: To improve the poor prognosis of patients with pancreatic cancer, we examined the effect of 6 months of neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NAC) using gemcitabine and S1 before surgery and found significantly prolonged survival. Clinical use of this treatment is expected in the future. However, preoperative NAC may increase the physical burden on patients as well as their psychological burden due to the longer waiting time. Thus, it is necessary to confirm that the treatment does not reduce quality of life (QOL). Methods: In this observational study of patients who underwent resection after this NAC, a QOL questionnaire survey was administered preoperatively and at postoperative months 3, 6, and 12, to consenting patients from those enrolled in randomized controlled trials (RCTs). The intervention group (planned surgery and NAC) had added pre‐ and post‐treatment QOL surveys. We used the Short Form 36 Health Survey version 2 (SF‐36v2 Standard, Japanese) to measure health‐related QOL. Overall differences among the groups were evaluated by paired t test and two‐ and three‐way ANOVA. All statistical analyses were performed using SPSS (ver. 21) software. Results: In total, 55 patients (mean age 66.0 years), about 15% of those enrolled in the RCTs, responded to the questionnaire (NAC group, n = 22; control group, n = 33). QOL was not significantly reduced in the NAC group pre‐ and post‐treatment (p= 0.19‐0.96). Notably, there were no significant differences in post‐treatment QOL, with improvement in the Physical Functioning (75.9→79.4), Bodily Pain (70.5→72.5), Vitality (59.6→59.9), and Mental Health (66.5→69.7) SF‐36 domains compared with before preoperative treatment. This suggests that patients had good preoperative physical and mental QOL. QOL at each time point did not differ significantly in the 8 domains with or without NAC; the Mental component summary score was significantly higher in the NAC group compared with the control group at 3 months (54.9 vs 49.3, p= 0.04). NAC and QOL did not differ significantly by time, sex, and operation type. Conclusions: NAC using gemcitabine and S1 before surgery for pancreatic cancer does not reduce QOL. Improved prognosis can be expected with no adverse effect on QOL.
Covered self-expandable metal stents versus plastic stents for preoperative biliary drainage in patient receiving neo-adjuvant chemotherapy for borderline resectable pancreatic cancer: prospective randomized study; OBJECTIVES: This single‐center comparative randomized superiority study compared biliary stenting using fully covered self‐expandable metal stents (FCSEMS) and biliary stenting using plastic stents (PS) in preoperative biliary drainage of patients with borderline resectable pancreatic cancer (BRPC) who are planned to undergo a single regimen of neo‐adjuvant chemotherapy (NAC). METHODS: Twenty‐two patients with BRPC who required preoperative biliary drainage before NAC (Gemcitabine plus Nab‐paclitaxel) were randomly assigned 1:1 to the FCSEMS or PS group. The primary endpoint was the rate of stent dysfunction until surgery or tumor progression. Secondary endpoints were stent patency, number of re‐interventions, adverse events of endoscopic retrograde biliary drainage (EBD), operation time, volume of intraoperative bleeding, postoperative hospitalization, postoperative adverse events and medical costs. RESULTS: Eleven patients in each of the groups reached the primary endpoint. The FCSEMS group showed a significantly lower rate of stent dysfunction (18.2% vs. 72.8%, P = 0.015), longer stent patency (P = 0.02), and lower number of re‐interventions for stent dysfunction (0.27 ± 0.65 vs. 1.27 ± 1.1, P = 0.001) than the PS group. The adverse events of EBD, operation time, volume of intraoperative bleeding, postoperative hospitalization, postoperative adverse events and medical costs did not significantly differ between the two groups. CONCLUSIONS: In patients with BRPC for preoperative biliary drainage, stent dysfunction occurred less frequently with FCSEMSs than with PSs. In addition, FCSEMS and PS provided similar preoperative management of BRPC in terms of the safety of surgery and medical costs. (UMIN ID000030473).
Adjuvant and neoadjuvant treatment for pancreatic adenocarcinoma; The prognosis of pancreatic adenocarcinoma is dismal. Hence, advances in multidisciplinary treatment strategies, including surgery, are urgently needed. Early recurrence of distant organ metastases suggests that there are occult metastases even in cases with resectable disease. Several randomized controlled trials on adjuvant chemotherapy have been conducted to prolong survival after resection. CONKO‐001 study was the first to demonstrate significant improvement in disease‐free survival after surgery with gemcitabine administration. The JASPAC‐01 study showed the superiority of adjuvant S1 over gemcitabine in survival after resection. Based on the results, adjuvant S1 therapy is the prescribed standard of care in Japan. Recently, the PRODIGE 24/CCTG PA.6 study showed that survival of patients treated with a modified FOLFIRINOX regimen as adjuvant therapy was significantly longer than those treated with adjuvant gemcitabine therapy. Although the evidence from these trials on adjuvant chemotherapy have been the gold‐standard treatment for curatively resected and fully recovered patients, resectable disease at diagnosis is not the status, resected disease after curative resection. Currently, neoadjuvant therapy is considered to be a promising alternative to surgery for pancreatic cancer. Although there are many reports regarding neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy, so far there has been no solid evidence proving the advantage of this strategy versus standard up‐front surgery. Newly obtained results from the Prep‐02/JSAP05 randomized phase II/III study, comparing neoadjuvant therapy with up‐front surgery, revealed significant improvement in overall survival with neoadjuvant chemotherapy by intention‐to‐treat analysis. Thus, neoadjuvant intervention might become a new standard strategy in cases undergoing planned resection for pancreatic cancer.
Prognosis Based Definition of Resectability in Pancreatic Cancer: a Road Map to New Guidelines; OBJECTIVE: To identify objective preoperative prognostic factors that are able to predict long‐term survival of patients affected by PDAC. SUMMARY OF BACKGROUND DATA: In the modern era of improved systemic chemotherapy for PDAC, tumor biology, and response to chemotherapy are essential in defining prognosis and an improved approach is needed for classifying resectability beyond purely anatomic features. METHODS: We queried the National Cancer Database regarding patients diagnosed with PDAC from 2010 to 2016. Cox proportional hazard models were used to select preoperative baseline factors significantly associated with survival; final models for overall survival (OS) were internally validated and formed the basis of the nomogram. RESULTS: A total of 7849 patients with PDAC were included with a median follow‐up of 19 months. On multivariable analysis, factors significantly associated with OS included carbohydrate antigen 19‐9, neoadjuvant treatment, tumor size, age, facility type, Charlson/Deyo score, primary site, and sex; T4 stage was not independently associated with OS. The cumulative score was used to classify patients into 3 groups: good, intermediate, and poor prognosis, respectively. The strength of our model was validated by a highly significant randomization test, Log‐rank test, and simple hazard ratio; the concordance index was 0.59. CONCLUSION: This new PDAC nomogram, based solely on preoperative variables, could be a useful tool to patients and counseling physicians in selecting therapy. This model suggests a new concept of resectability that is meant to reflect the biology of the tumor, thus partially overcoming existing definitions, that are mainly based on tumor anatomic features.
Failure to Undergo Resection Following Neoadjuvant Therapy for Resectable Pancreatic Cancer: a Secondary Analysis of SWOG S1505; BACKGROUND: Neoadjuvant therapy (NT) is increasingly used for patients with pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC), and yet reasons for not undergoing subsequent pancreatectomy are poorly understood. Given the importance of completing multimodality therapy, we investigated factors associated with failure to undergo surgical resection following NT for PDAC. METHODS: SWOG S1505 was a multicenter phase II randomized trial of preoperative mFOLFIRINOX or gemcitabine/nab‐paclitaxel prior to planned pancreatectomy for patients with potentially resectable PDAC. Associations between clinical, demographic, and hospital‐level characteristics and receipt of surgical resection were estimated via multiple logistic regression. Differences in overall survival from 18 weeks postrandomization (scheduled time of surgery) according to resection status were assessed via Cox regression models. RESULTS: Among 102 eligible patients, 73 (71.6%) underwent successful pancreatectomy, whereas 29 (28.4%) did not, primarily because of progression (n=11; 10.8%) or toxicity during NT (n=9; 8.8%). Weight loss during NT (odds ratio [OR], 0.34; 95% CI, 0.11‐0.93) and the hospital's city size (small: OR, 0.24 [95% CI, 0.07‐0.80] and large: OR, 0.28 [95% CI, 0.10‐0.79] compared with midsize) were significantly associated with a lower probability of surgical resection in adjusted models, whereas age, sex, race, body mass index, performance status, insurance type, geographic region, treatment arm, tumor location, chemotherapy delays/modifications, and hospital characteristics were not. Surgical resection following NT was associated with improved overall survival (median, 23.8 vs 10.8 months; P<.01) even after adjusting for grade 3‐5 adverse events during NT, performance status, and body mass index (hazard ratio, 0.55; 95% CI, 0.32‐0.95). CONCLUSIONS: Failure to undergo resection following NT was relatively common among patients with potentially resectable PDAC and associated with worse survival. Although few predictive factors were identified in this secondary analysis of the SWOG S1505 randomized trial, further research must focus on risk factors for severe toxicities during NT that preclude surgical resection so that patient‐centered interventions can be delivered or alternate treatment sequencing can be recommended.
Development and validation of a nomogram model based on pretreatment ultrasound and contrast-enhanced ultrasound to predict the efficacy of neoadjuvant chemotherapy in patients with borderline resectable or locally advanced pancreatic cancer; OBJECTIVES: To develop a nomogram using pretreatment ultrasound (US) and contrast‐enhanced ultrasound (CEUS) to predict the clinical response of neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NAC) in patients with borderline resectable pancreatic cancer (BRPC) or locally advanced pancreatic cancer (LAPC). METHODS: A total of 111 patients with pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) treated with NAC between October 2017 and February 2022 were retrospectively enrolled. The patients were randomly divided (7:3) into training and validation cohorts. The pretreatment US and CEUS features were reviewed. Univariate and multivariate logistic regression analyses were used to determine the independent predictors of clinical response in the training cohort. Then a prediction nomogram model based on the independent predictors was constructed. The area under the curve (AUC), calibration plot, C‐index and decision curve analysis (DCA) were used to assess the nomogram's performance, calibration, discrimination and clinical benefit. RESULTS: The multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that the taller‐than‐wide shape in the longitudinal plane (odds ratio [OR]:0.20, p = 0.01), time from injection of contrast agent to peak enhancement (OR:3.64; p = 0.05) and Peaktumor/ Peaknormal (OR:1.51; p = 0.03) were independent predictors of clinical response to NAC. The predictive nomogram developed based on the above imaging features showed AUCs were 0.852 and 0.854 in the primary and validation cohorts, respectively. Good calibration was achieved in the training datasets, with C‐index of 0.852. DCA verified the clinical usefulness of the nomogram. CONCLUSIONS: The nomogram based on pretreatment US and CEUS can effectively predict the clinical response of NAC in patients with BRPC and LAPC; it may help guide personalized treatment.
Randomized phase II trial of chemoradiotherapy with S-1 versus combination chemotherapy with gemcitabine and S-1 as neoadjuvant treatment for resectable pancreatic cancer (JASPAC 04); Objective: The aim of the present study was to investigate which treatment, neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy (NAC‐RT) with S‐1 or combination neoadjuvant chemotherapy with gemcitabine and S‐1 (NAC‐GS), is more promising as neoadjuvant treatment (NAT) for resectable pancreatic cancer in terms of effectiveness and safety. Methods: In the NAC‐RT with S‐1 group, the patients received a total radiation dose of 50.4 Gy in 28 fractions with oral S‐1. In the NAC‐GS group, the patients received intravenous gemcitabine at a dose of 1000 mg/m2 with oral S‐1 for two cycles. The primary endpoint was the 2‐year progression‐free survival (PFS) rate. The trial was registered with the UMIN Clinical Trial Registry as UMIN000014894. Results: From April 2014 to April 2017, a total of 103 patients were enrolled. After exclusion of one patient because of ineligibility, 51 patients were included in the NAC‐RT with S‐1 group, and 51 patients were included in the NAC‐GS group in the intention‐to‐treat analysis. The 2‐year PFS rate was 45.0% (90% confidence interval [CI]: 33.3%–56.0%) in the NAC‐RT with S‐1 group and 54.9% (42.8%–65.5%) in the NAC‐GS group (p =.350). The 2‐year overall survival rate was 66.7% in the NAC‐RT with S‐1 group and 72.4% in the NAC‐GS group (p =.300). Although leukopenia and neutropenia rates were significantly higher in the NAC‐GS group than in the NAC‐RT with S‐1 group (p =.023 and p <.001), other adverse events of NAT and postoperative complications were comparable between the two groups. Conclusion: Both NAC‐RT with S‐1 and NAC‐GS are considered promising treatments for resectable pancreatic cancer.
Neoadjuvant and adjuvant chemotherapy in pancreatic cancer; Background: Only 15–20% of patients with pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) have a resectable tumor at the time of diagnosis. Effective multimodal treatment concepts including neoadjuvant chemotherapy are therefore needed. Following upfront resection, adjuvant chemotherapy has become mandatory to prevent early tumor recurrence. Purpose: The aim of this article was to summarize existing evidence on neoadjuvant and adjuvant chemotherapy in PDAC with a focus on high‐level evidence based on randomized controlled phase III clinical trials. Results and conclusions: Neoadjuvant chemotherapy represents an emerging concept for borderline resectable and locally advanced PDAC. To date, randomized trials have failed to provide proof‐of‐concept outcomes, mostly because of failure to achieve recruitment targets. Nevertheless, this approach needs to be further evaluated scientifically as recent data from a large single‐arm cohort study showed that neoadjuvant multimodal therapy could achieve a resection rate in the order of 60% of patients with locally advanced PDAC. For patients with a primarily resectable tumor, however, study results remain unconvincing, and therefore, neoadjuvant therapy should not be used routinely outside of a clinical trial. Adjuvant chemotherapy with gemcitabine and capecitabine in unselected patients can double 5‐year overall survival to around 30% compared to mono‐chemotherapy with either 5‐fluorouracil with folinic acid or gemcitabine. In selected patients, adjuvant modified FOLFIRINOX can produce a 5‐year survival rate of around 50%. Further potential gains are to be made in the selection of patients for particular therapies based on the transcriptomic and genetic signature of individual tumors.
Surgery and multimodal treatments in pancreatic cancer--a review on the basis of future multimodal treatment concepts; BACKGROUND: To improve the surgical outcome after resection of pancreatic adenocarcinomas, multimodal treatment concepts need to be applied and improved. In spite of several positive studies, and the fact that multimodality treatment is the standard concept in major centers for pancreatic cancer surgery, a recent trial shed some doubt on the positive effect of adjuvant radiochemotherapy, so that the majority with reservations about multimodal treatment feel confirmed in their opinion that surgical treatment alone is sufficient therapy for resectable pancreatic cancer. The controversy among those for and against adjuvant treatment need an up‐to‐date review of the indications and results achievable with various treatment modalities. PATIENTS/METHODS: The literature on the indications and results of adjuvant/neoadjuvant therapies in pancreatic cancer was reviewed to provide a solid base for current recommendations and future developments. A special view was concentrated on the biology of the disease in the spontaneous course, after surgery and during/after various palliative and adjuvant/neoadjuvant treatment modalities, to characterize the disease for an optimally targeted treatment in conjunction with surgical removal of the tumor. The results of systemic and regional chemotherapy and radiotherapy either alone or in combination, before, during, and after surgery, were critically analyzed with respect to the oncological possibilities and pitfalls of each treatment method. RESULTS: In two randomized trials, one testing postoperative radiochemotherapy (GITSG), and one postoperative chemotherapy (Bakkevold), the adjuvant treatment achieved a significant prolongation of the median survival time. The 5‐ and 10‐year survival rates were improved in the GITSG study. The EORTC‐GITCCG trial could not confirm the benefit of adjuvant radiochemotherapy. This study had a different design than the GITSG trial. Several historical control studies supported the beneficial effect of postoperative radiochemotherapy. In three historical control trials using regional chemotherapy, one with intraoperative radiotherapy, the survival times were improved vs. surgery alone. Intraoperative or postoperative radiotherapy as single modalities might reduce local relapses, but a survival advantage is still debated. Preoperative neoadjuvant radiochemotherapy has several advantages (downstaging, devitalizing margins and lymph node metastases, compatibility of treatment vs. postoperative radiochemotherapy), and does not seem to increase the postoperative morbidity. Several trials have confirmed the feasibility of this concept, but no survival advantage has yet been proven. Systemic and regional chemotherapy is able to downstage primarily nonresectable pancreatic cancers. CONCLUSIONS: Postoperative adjuvant radiochemotherapy with up‐to‐date protocols can be recommended for routine treatment, if the surgeon or the patient desires to improve the usually remote prognosis after surgery alone. For those being undecisive or against adjuvant therapy, the participation in trials, e.g., ESPAC 1 and 2 studies, is strongly recommended. Regarding our own positive experience with adjuvant regional chemotherapy and in view of the postresectional progression pattern, we currently favour adjuvant radiochemotherapy, with the chemotherapy delivered regionally via the celiac axis. This concept will be tested vs. surgery alone in the ESPAC 2 trial. Neoadjuvant therapies have a great potential, but should be conducted within studies, such as pre‐, intra‐, or postoperative radiotherapy.
Treatment response and survival in patients with pancreatic adenocarcinoma receiving neoaduvant chemotherapy or chemoradiation; Background: Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) is an aggressive malignancy with a poor prognosis. Neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NeoChT) and chemoradiation (NeoCRT) have emerged as strategies to optimize resection, but data investigating predictors of treatment response and the overall survival (S) impact are not well characterized. To investigate the effects of NeoChT/NeoCRT on primary tumor/nodal downstaging and S, we analyzed the national cancer database (NCD). Methods: We ueried the NCD for patients with PDAC receiving NeoChT/NeoCRT. Patients were classified as responders (T and/or N downstage), nonresponders (mied/no response) and progressors (T and/or N upstage). Multivariable logistic regression identified predictors of response. Univariable and multivariable analyses identified characteristics predictive of S. Results: 2,028 patients with PDAC receiving NeoChT/NeoCRT were analyzed. Univariable analysis of responders (n = 790) vs. nonresponders/progressors (n = 1,238) demonstrated a significant difference in median S at 29.1 months vs. 25.3 months and 3‐ year overall survival of 40% vs. 34% [p = 0.006; HR 0.95 (95% CI 0.84‐1.08)] respectively. When compared independently to both responders and nonresponders, progressors had a significantly decreased 3‐year S at 31% vs 40% and 37% respectively [p = 0.003; HR 0.82 (95% CI 0.70‐0.96)]. Predictors of response on multivariable logistic regression included receipt of multiagent chemotherapy and receipt of NeoCRT. nly NeoCRT predicted for pathologic complete response (pCR). Multivariable analysis of patients with pCR demonstrated a trend towards increased S (p = .08).Conclusions: ur results suggest that both response and progression following neoadjuvant therapy may predict for longer and shorter S respectively. Randomized, prospective studies are needed to further validate these findings. Multivariable Co proportional hazards models for S in patients with PDAC receiving NeoChT or NeoCRT. (Table Presented).
Smad4 loss is associated with response to neoadjuvant chemotherapy with hydroxychloroquine in patients with pancreatic adenocarcinoma; Background: SMAD4, a tumor suppressor gene, is inactivated or deleted in 60‐90% of pancreatic adenocarcinomas (PDA). Loss of SMAD4 allows tumor progression by limiting cell cycle arrest and apoptosis and increasing metastases. SMAD4 deficient PDA cells are resistant to radiotherapy by upregulation of autophagy, a cell survival mechanism that allows intracellular recycling of macromolecules and organelles. Hydroxychloroquine (HCQ) is a known autophagy inhibitor, suggesting that HCQ treatment in SMAD4 deficient PDA may prevent therapeutic resistance induced by autophagy upregulation. Methods: We retrospectively analyzed the SMAD4 status of PDA patients enrolled in two prospective clinical trials evaluating preoperative HCQ. The first dose escalation trial demonstrated the safety of preoperative gemcitabine with HCQ (NCT01128296). More recently, a randomized trial of gemcitabine/nab‐paclitaxel +/‐HCQ evaluated Evans Grade histopathologic response (NCT01978184). Immunohistochemistry of resected specimens for SMAD4 was previously performed. Patients not treated at the max HCQ dose (n=5), not resected (n=2) or with SMAD4 staining unavailable were excluded (n=10). The effect of SMAD4 loss on response to HCQ and chemotherapy was studied for association with clinical outcome. Fisher's exact test and log‐rank test were used to assess response and survival. Results: 52 patients receiving HCQ with neoadjuvant chemotherapy and 24 patients receiving neoadjuvant chemotherapy alone were studied. Of the HCQ group, 25 patients had SMAD4 loss (48%), compared with 15 control patients (63%, p=0.32). 76% of HCQ treated patients with SMAD4 loss obtained a histopathologic response ≥2A, compared to only 37% with SMAD4 intact (p=0.006). In the control group, loss of SMAD4 was associated with a nonsignificant detriment in 3 year OS (25% vs. 78%, p=0.3) that was less apparent in patients treated with HCQ (46% vs. 47%, p=0.18). Conclusions: The addition of HCQ to neoadjuvant chemotherapy in PDA may improve treatment response in patients with SMAD4 loss. Further study of the relationship between SMAD4, autophagy and treatment outcomes in PDA is warranted.
Neo-adjuvant FOLF(IRIN)OX for Resectable Pancreatic Adenocarcinoma; In patients with resectable pancreatic duct adenocarcinoma (PDAC), curative surgery followed by adjuvant chemotherapy is currently the standard of care. However, the long‐term results are still poor, with median disease‐free and overall survival of 14 months and 23 months. The corresponding 5‐year overall survival rate is 20%. Chemotherapy before surgery (neoadjuvant chemotherapy) allows identification of patients with rapidly progressive metastatic disease at time of preoperative restaging (surgery is then avoided in these patients), and may increase the rate of free margin resection (R0) and reduce the risk of local recurrence. Even though single‐agent gemcitabine and 5‐FU have been validated in adjuvant and metastatic settings, the objective response was low (at around 10%), whereas combination chemotherapy exceeds a response rate of 30% in advanced disease. In metastatic PDAC, palliative FOLFIRINOX chemotherapy has been demonstrated to be effective (in terms of response rates and progression‐free survival) and well tolerated. Interestingly, the response rate is increased by using more than two chemotherapeutic agents in advanced pancreatic cancer, justifying the use of an alternative neoadjuvant FOLFOX‐based chemotherapy arm. PANACHE‐01 is an open, non‐comparative, randomised, multicentre Phase II study designed to assess the safety and efficacy of two modes of neo‐adjuvant chemotherapy (FOLFIRINOX & FOLFOX) relative to the current reference treatment (surgery and then adjuvant chemotherapy) for resectable PDAC. Patients with immediately resectable PDAC (definition based on the NCCN's (American National Comprehensive Cancer Network 2014) latest guidelines) will be randomised to either pancreatectomy and adjuvant chemotherapy or 4 cycles of neoadjuvant chemotherapy with either FOLFOX or FOLFIRINOX. The patients in the neoadjuvant chemotherapy arms will receive postoperative chemotherapy for 4 months (8 cycles).
Neo-adjuvant FOLF(IRIN)OX for Resectable Pancreatic Adenocarcinoma; In patients with resectable pancreatic duct adenocarcinoma (PDAC), curative surgery followed by adjuvant chemotherapy is currently the standard of care. However, the long‐term results are still poor, with median disease‐free and overall survival of 14 months and 23 months. The corresponding 5‐year overall survival rate is 20%. Chemotherapy before surgery (neoadjuvant chemotherapy) allows identification of patients with rapidly progressive metastatic disease at time of preoperative restaging (surgery is then avoided in these patients), and may increase the rate of free margin resection (R0) and reduce the risk of local recurrence. Even though single‐agent gemcitabine and 5‐FU have been validated in adjuvant and metastatic settings, the objective response was low (at around 10%), whereas combination chemotherapy exceeds a response rate of 30% in advanced disease. In metastatic PDAC, palliative FOLFIRINOX chemotherapy has been demonstrated to be effective (in terms of response rates and progression‐free survival) and well tolerated. Interestingly, the response rate is increased by using more than two chemotherapeutic agents in advanced pancreatic cancer, justifying the use of an alternative neoadjuvant FOLFOX‐based chemotherapy arm. PANACHE‐01 is an open, non‐comparative, randomised, multicentre Phase II study designed to assess the safety and efficacy of two modes of neo‐adjuvant chemotherapy (FOLFIRINOX & FOLFOX) relative to the current reference treatment (surgery and then adjuvant chemotherapy) for resectable PDAC. Patients with immediately resectable PDAC (definition based on the NCCN's (American National Comprehensive Cancer Network 2014) latest guidelines) will be randomised to either pancreatectomy and adjuvant chemotherapy or 4 cycles of neoadjuvant chemotherapy with either FOLFOX or FOLFIRINOX. The patients in the neoadjuvant chemotherapy arms will receive postoperative chemotherapy for 4 months (8 cycles).
Neoadjuvant therapy for resectable/borderline pancreatic cancer; Up‐front surgery followed by adjuvant chemotherapy were regarded as one of the standard therapy in patients with resectable/ borderline resectable pancreatic cancer. However, these prognoses were very poor. First, neoadjuvant therapy for borderline resectable pancreatic cancer was accepted because the R0 resection rate was extremely low. A lot of clinical studies have bee done, but a lot of undissolved issues such as best regimen, timing, with or without irradiation, and surgical indication are unclear. The biggest problem is the fact that even with neoadjuvant therapy, the outcomes are not satisfactory. For resectable pancreatic cancer, there was no evidence of neoadjuvant therapy. Last year, we reported the results of the randomized control trial, Prep02/JSAP05. A total of 362 patients were randomly assigned to the neoadjuvant group with Gemcitabine +S‐1 (NAC‐GS; n = 182) or upfront surgery (Up‐S; n = 180) for three years (2013‐16). The median OS was 36.7 months in NAC‐GS and 26.6 months in UP‐S; HR 0.72 (P = 0.015, stratified log‐rank test). The phase III study demonstrated that the significant survival benefits of NAC‐GS. In October 2019, the Japanese guidelines for pancreatic cancer had been revised to recommend neoadjuvant therapy for resectable pancreatic cancer. pancreatic cancer, Neoadjuvant chemotherapy.
Adjuvant and neoadjuvant therapy for pancreatic cancer; Pancreatic cancer still remains a major cause of cancer‐related mortality; however, there is a slight but continuous improvement in survival over the past 2 decades. Progress in chemotherapy has contributed to the survival improvement in patients with any stage of pancreatic cancer. In this review, we summarize the currently available evidence regarding adjuvant and neoadjuvant therapy with a focus mainly on randomized controlled trial. The median overall survival in resected pancreatic cancer patients has significantly improved to 22.8 to 54.4 months with the use of adjuvant therapy from 11 to 20.2 months with a strategy of observation only. Recent data from randomized trials support the use of neoadjuvant therapy for patients with resectable or borderline resectable pancreatic cancer. But given a variety of neoadjuvant regimens and different definitions of resectability status, data should be interpreted with caution. Several other trials are ongoing and will provide further evidence.
Comparison of Back-loaded vs Preloaded Fiducial Needles in EUS-guided Fiducial Marker Placement in Pancreatic Cancer; Pancreatic cancer is the twelfth most common cancer worldwide. Neoadjuvant chemoradiation therapy in patients with borderline resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma has become standard of care and is associated with higher rates of complete resection ultimately with improvement of overall survival in this patient population. Radiation therapy to a soft tissue organ such as the pancreas can be difficult, as it is not readily visualized radiographically. Image guided radiation therapy (IGRT) is a commonly implemented modality for delivering high doses of radiation directed at cancer tissue, while reducing collateral damage to adjacent healthy tissue. Fiducials, which are inert radiographic markers typically made from gold or carbon, can be placed in and around the tumor to delineate tumor margins to allow for IGRT Endoscopic ultrasound (EUS) has been pivotal in accomplishing IGRT by allowing precise contouring and identification of target lesions in the pancreas via placement of fiducials. This has traditionally been accomplished with the use of 19‐gauge or 22‐gauge fine needle aspiration (FNA) needles. To prepare the needle for fiducial placement, one to two fiducials are manually back‐loaded into the tip of the needle after the stylet has been removed. In order to hold the fiducials within the needle, sterile lubrication or bone wax can be applied. Once the pancreatic mass has been targeted, fiducial injection can be accomplished via stylet reinsertion or sterile water injection. Currently, back‐loading the fiducials is the only option for preparing delivery of fiducials via the EUS approach. Difficulties associated with fiducial loading and deployment can increase procedure duration due to cumbersome fiducial back‐loading, fiducial misplacement & migration, as well as inability to pass the fiducial marker through the needle due to endoscope angulation. Observational studies have sited a technical success rate of 86‐100% using 19 and/or 22 gauge needles with average procedure time between 7‐12 minutes using the fiducial back‐loading technique. A new mode of fiducial delivery has recently been developed that hopes to circumvent some of the technical issues inherent to traditional fiducial marker loading and deployment. A prototype 22‐Gauge EUS needle preloaded with four fiducials has been used in a porcine models with successful deployment 95.6% of the time all accurate on predetermined targets. They were deemed easy to pass, relatively easy to deploy, and easily visualized on EUS, with excellent fluoroscopic and CT visualization. In addition, time for deployment was on average less than 60 seconds. To date, there is no randomized controlled trials comparing total duration of time needed for placement of fiducials using technical success of the traditional back‐ loading technique of fiducial markers to the new preloaded needles in regards to EUS based fiducial marker placement for IGRT in pancreatic cancer. Hypotheses Use of a 22 G preloaded needle for EUS guided fiducial marker placement in patients with pancreatic cancer will: 1. Be delivered in at least require 60% less of the procedure time that it takes for traditional back‐loaded 22G needles 2. Improve overall procedure efficiency 3. Maintain comparable technical success and adverse event rates. Primary Aims 1) To compare the procedure time of 22G needle placement of three Visicoil fiducial markers and 22G needle preloaded fiducial markers. Secondary Aims 1. To compare adverse event rates in 22G needle placement of Visicoil fiducial markers and 22G needle preloaded fiducial markers This will be a multicenter randomized controlled trial. Randomization be performed and patients will undergo Linear EUS and have fiducial marker placement via a traditional 22G back‐loaded needle (Visicoil) or the new 22G preloaded needle (PreLoad4). Multiple endpoints will be recorded, including total length of procedure, how many markers are successfully deployed, and technical success (Ease of passage of delivery system, ease of deployment of fiducials, EUS visualization of delivery system needle, EUS visual appearance of fiducials, and time for fiducial placement defined as starting at time of removing the needle from its packaging and ending time as removal of needle after final marker deployment). Fiducial marker location will be confirmed via fluoroscopy at time of placement and on 4D treatment planning CT ordered by the radiation oncologist for simulation. Patients will be discharged home after post procedure recovery. Patients will be contacted at home by a research coordinator or endoscopy staff 24‐48 hours and 7‐10 days after the procedure to document any immediate and delayed complications. Patients will return for their IGRT visit, and any evidence of fiducial marker migration will be recorded by the radiation oncologist. 2. To compare endpoints of technical success defined as proper placement of two to three fiducial markers in a pancreatic neoplasm in 22G needle placement of Visicoil fiducial markers and 22G needle preloaded fiducial markers.
Perioperative or only adjuvant gemcitabine plus nab-paclitaxel for resectable pancreatic cancer (NEONAX)-a randomized phase II trial of the AIO pancreatic cancer group; BACKGROUND: Data on perioperative chemotherapy in resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (rPDAC) are limited. NEONAX examined perioperative or adjuvant chemotherapy with gemcitabine plus nab‐paclitaxel in rPDAC (National Comprehensive Cancer Network criteria). PATIENTS AND METHODS: NEONAX is a prospective, randomized phase II trial with two independent experimental arms. One hundred twenty‐seven rPDAC patients in 22 German centers were randomized 1 : 1 to perioperative (two pre‐operative and four post‐operative cycles, arm A) or adjuvant (six cycles, arm B) gemcitabine (1000 mg/m2) and nab‐paclitaxel (125 mg/m2) on days 1, 8 and 15 of a 28‐day cycle. RESULTS: The primary endpoint was disease‐free survival (DFS) at 18 months in the modified intention‐to‐treat (ITT) population [R0/R1‐resected patients who started neoadjuvant chemotherapy (CTX) (A) or adjuvant CTX (B)]. The pre‐defined DFS rate of 55% at 18 months was not reached in both arms [A: 33.3% (95% confidence interval [CI] 18.5% to 48.1%), B: 41.4% (95% CI 20.7% to 62.0%)]. Ninety percent of patients in arm A completed neoadjuvant treatment, and 42% of patients in arm B started adjuvant chemotherapy. R0 resection rate was 88% (arm A) and 67% (arm B), respectively. Median overall survival (mOS) (ITT population) as a secondary endpoint was 25.5 months (95% CI 19.7‐29.7 months) in arm A and 16.7 months (95% CI 11.6‐22.2 months) in the upfront surgery arm. This difference corresponds to a median DFS (mDFS) (ITT) of 11.5 months (95% CI 8.8‐14.5 months) in arm A and 5.9 months (95% CI 3.6‐11.5 months) in arm B. Treatment was safe and well tolerable in both arms. CONCLUSIONS: The primary endpoint, DFS rate of 55% at 18 months (mITT population), was not reached in either arm of the trial and numerically favored the upfront surgery arm B. mOS (ITT population), a secondary endpoint, numerically favored the neoadjuvant arm A [25.5 months (95% CI 19.7‐29.7months); arm B 16.7 months (95% CI 11.6‐22.2 months)]. There was a difference in chemotherapy exposure with 90% of patients in arm A completing pre‐operative chemotherapy and 58% of patients starting adjuvant chemotherapy in arm B. Neoadjuvant/perioperative treatment is a novel option for patients with resectable PDAC. However, the optimal treatment regimen has yet to be defined. The trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT02047513) and the European Clinical Trials Database (EudraCT 2013‐005559‐34).
Fully covered metal stents vs plastic stents for preoperative biliary drainage in patients with resectable pancreatic cancer without neoadjuvant chemotherapy: a multicenter, prospective, randomized controlled trial; Background/Purpose: Whether a fully covered self‐expanding metal stent (FCSEMS) or plastic stent (PS) is preferable for preoperative biliary drainage in patients with resectable pancreatic cancer (RPC) is controversial. This study aimed to evaluate the safety and efficacy of drainage with FCSEMS for obstructive jaundice caused by RPC without neoadjuvant chemotherapy. Methods: Seventy patients with RPC who required preoperative biliary drainage were randomly assigned 1:1 to the FCSEMS or PS group. The primary endpoint was endoscopic re‐intervention rate during the waiting period for surgery. Secondary endpoints were drainage procedure time, drainage‐related adverse events (AE), waiting period for surgery, operative time, intraoperative blood loss, surgery‐related AE, and postoperative hospital stay. Results: Thirty‐nine patients underwent surgery. None required re‐intervention in the FCSEMS group, whereas five PS patients underwent re‐intervention (P =.023). The FCSEMS group had significantly more intraoperative blood loss (P =.0068) and AE (P =.011) than the PS group. Postoperative hospital stay was significantly longer in the FCSEMS group (P =.016). Conclusions: Fully covered self‐expanding metal stent had a lower rate of endoscopic re‐intervention during the waiting period for surgery than PS, but showed more intraoperative blood loss, higher incidence of surgery‐related AE, and longer postoperative hospital stays.
Breath-Hold Technique for Pancreatic Stereotactic Body Radiation Therapy (SBRT) Patients; Pancreatic cancer (PCa) is a devastating diagnosis with one of the lowest 5‐year overall survival rates of all malignancies. It is estimated that at least 45,000 Americans will die of this disease in 2019, making it the third most common cause of oncologic death. Of the patients that present without evidence of distant spread at the time of diagnosis, only a minority of patients are able to proceed directly to surgical resection which remains the mainstay treatment modality. Historical outcomes show that 30‐40% of patients present with borderline resectable (BRPC) or locally advanced (LAPC) disease due to tumor involvement of local vasculature which prevents the patients from proceeding directly to surgery. In this context, neoadjuvant therapy with radiation is often administered in an attempt to downstage tumors prior to surgery, reduce the risk of a margin positive failure, and reduce the risk of local recurrence after surgery. For patients who are truly technically or medically unresectable, radiation can be offered with the intent of providing durable local control. Indeed, a recent autopsy study showed that 30 % of patients who expire from PCa do so due to the locally destructive spread from this disease, highlighting the imperative need for an optimal local control strategy. Delivering radiation to the pancreas is technically challenging and must be carefully delivered given the risk of injury to radiosensitive organs at risk (OAR) in close proximity such as the bowel and stomach. Compounding this difficulty is the variation in positioning of the tumor and OARs due to respiratory induced motion and variation in bowel gas patterns. To achieve daily accuracy in tumor localization, the investigators employ a comprehensive strategy including strict immobilization, endoscopically placed fiducials, and daily on‐board cone beam CT (CBCT). Moreover, the investigators utilize active breathing control (ABC), which requires patients to reproducibly perform multiple deep‐inspiratory breath holds during treatment. Radiation to the pancreas is delivered only when the patient is holding patient's breath. During ABC, patients breathe through a snorkel‐like device that records the volume of air inhaled during each breath. In this apparatus is a valve that will cut off the flow of air once the inhalation volume passes a certain threshold to ensure the same amount of volume is taken in each time a breath hold is performed. Patients are asked to press on a button to start the recording aspect of the device and then to take a deep breath hold. Once patients reach the desired threshold for the inhaled volume, the valve prevents any further air from being inhaled in, and the patient is asked to hold patient's breath for a duration of 20 ‐ 30 seconds. The treatment team is not present in the room with the patient because of radiation exposure so it requires the patient to follow a series of with the treatment team over an intercom system. Patients are asked to do this without any visual biophysical feedback of patient's waveforms, and to do this repeatedly for multiple times per treatment session. The series of instructions can be challenging for many patients, potentially leading to prolonged treatment times and additional breath holds especially in the early fractions before patients become more familiar with the system. Furthermore, with only one planning session to become acquainted with the ABC device and treatment instructions, patients have limited practical time to gain mastery before returning for patient's actual treatment sessions. This is of concern since patients who struggle with the ABC technique may have less consistent reproducibility of daily tumor positioning which may lead to poorer radiation treatment outcomes. The Investigator proposes the development of an extended reality (xR) training platform for patients undergoing radiation treatment for pancreatic cancer. The Investigator wants to investigate the ability of this technology to provide biophysical feedback and coaching during the planning and treatment sessions to help patients with the ABC technique to improve motion management outcomes and reduce treatment related anxiety.
A modified Dworak classification applied to pancreatic adenocarcinoma: a useful prognostic factor; Objectives are to validate a simple classification for irradiated specimens and assessing the incidence and the outcome of sterilized forms. Between 1996 and 2005, 56 non metastatics patients had preoperative chemoradiation and curative resection for pancreatic adenocarcinoma. We retrospectively applied the Dworak regression scale previously describe for rectal cancer. Dworak 4 (sterilized tumor), 3, 2, 1 and 0 grades interested 7 (12,5%), 12, 12, 11 and 14 patients respectively. The median estimated overall survival of all patients was 24 months with estimated 1‐, 3‐ and 5‐year survivals of 80%, 35% and 18% respectively. Statistical analysis permitted to regroup patients classified Dworak 4 or 3 (grade 2 of our modified Dworak classification (MDC)) and Dworak 2, 1 or 0 (grade 1 of our MDC). Patients with grade 2 MDC had an estimated median survival and 5‐years survival of 40 months and 28 % respectively. Eleven patients (58%) with grade 2 MDC (n = 19) had exclusive metastatic recurrences. Nineteen patients with grade 1 MDC (n = 37) had metastatic (n = 17 ; 46% ; p = 0,07) or local recurrences (n = 2). The MDC was useful because a) easy to used and b) correlated with good prognostic factor for patients with grade 2 MDC. However, metastatic recurrence rate didn't differed in the 2 groups. Thus, adenocarcinoma of the pancreas had to be treated by surgical curative resection associated with radiotherapy and systemic chemotherapy to control the both side, metastatic and local, of the disease. The best preoperative treatment had to be define but must include CRT and systemic chemotherapy.
Oncological Benefits of Neoadjuvant Chemoradiation With Gemcitabine Versus Upfront Surgery in Patients With Borderline Resectable Pancreatic Cancer: a Prospective, Randomized, Open-label, Multicenter Phase 2/3 Trial; OBJECTIVE: This study was performed to determine whether neoadjuvant treatment increases survival in patients with BRPC. SUMMARY BACKGROUND DATA: Despite many promising retrospective data on the effect of neoadjuvant treatment for borderline resectable pancreatic cancer (BRPC), no high‐level evidence exists to support the role of such treatment. METHODS: This phase 2/3 multicenter randomized controlled trial was designed to enroll 110 patients with BRPC who were randomly assigned to gemcitabine‐based neoadjuvant chemoradiation treatment (54 Gray external beam radiation) followed by surgery or upfront surgery followed by chemoradiation treatment from four large‐volume centers in Korea. The primary endpoint was the 2‐year survival rate (2‐YSR). Interim analysis was planned at the time of 50% case enrollment. RESULTS: After excluding the patients who withdrew consent (n = 8) from the 58 enrolled patients, 27 patients were allocated to neoadjuvant treatment and 23 to upfront surgery groups. The overall 2‐YSR was 34.0% with a median survival of 16 months. In the intention‐to‐treat analysis, the 2‐YSR and median survival were significantly better in the neoadjuvant chemoradiation than the upfront surgery group [40.7%, 21 months vs 26.1%, 12 months, hazard ratio 1.495 (95% confidence interval 0.66‐3.36), P = 0.028]. R0 resection rate was also significantly higher in the neoadjuvant chemoradiation group than upfront surgery (n = 14, 51.8% vs n = 6, 26.1%, P = 0.004). The safety monitoring committee decided on early termination of the study on the basis of the statistical significance of neoadjuvant treatment efficacy. CONCLUSION: This is the first prospective randomized controlled trial on the oncological benefits of neoadjuvant treatment in BRPC. Compared to upfront surgery, neoadjuvant chemoradiation provides oncological benefits in patients with BRPC.
Preoperative gemcitabine/nab-paclitaxel with concurrent radiation therapy for borderline resectable pancreatic cancer: a phase I study; Purpose: The primary objective of this study is to assess the toxicity of preoperative Gemcitabine(G)/nab‐Paclitaxel(nP)‐based chemoradiation therapy (CRT) for the patients with borderline resectable pancreatic cancer (BRPC), which consists of the induction chemotherapy and the subsequent CRT, and to determine the maximum tolerated dose (MTD) and the recommended dose (RD) of G/nP with concurrent RT. Methods: The patients with BRPC involving arterial systems were enrolled in this study. The patients received the full dose of G (1000mg/m2)/nP(125mg/m2) on days 1, 8, and 15 during each 4‐week cycle; this was repeated for 2 cycles as induction chemotherapy. After the induction chemotherapy, patients proceeded to G/nP‐based CRT and were scheduled to receive G/nP at seven dose levels as with the induction chemotherapy: Level 1 (400/50) to Level 7 (1000/125). Radiation therapy was concurrently delivered through 8 fields as a total dose of 60 Gy (2.4Gy/fr). Dose‐limiting toxicity (DLT) was defined as grade 4 thrombocytopenia, grade 3 non‐hematologic toxicity, febrile neutropenia, and the interruption of RT. Results: A total of 38 patients were enrolled and initiated the induction G/nP. Among those patients, 30 patients proceeded to G/nP‐based CRT. Three of 6 patients experienced DLTs at Level 6(MTD), and the RD was determined to be Level 5 (800/100). The DLTs included the interruption of RT, thrombocytopenia, febrile neutropenia, and peripheral neuropathy. Twenty‐four of 30 patients received pancreatectomy (80%) and the R0 resection rate was 96%. Conclusion: The RD of G/nP‐based CRT following the induction G/nP was G(800mg/m2) and nP(100mg/m2) in the patients with BRPC.
Chemoradiation for Bone Metastasis; BACKGROUND Much of the clinical practice of oncology involves palliative care. In this setting ,the emphasis is on alleviation of symptoms and preservation or improvement of quality of life. A large body of clinical evidence documents the effectiveness of local‐field external beam radiotherapy in palliation of pain from osseous metastases (1). Despite this general agreement, controversy remains regarding the optimal dose and fractionation schedule. Prospective phase III clinical trials (2‐6), today, have failed to demonstrate superiority of one schedule over another ,and as a result, the patterns of practice of remain diverse in duration and intensity. Between 1974 and 1980 the RTOG conducted a large national study to determine the effectiveness of five different dose fractionation schedules(2). A total of 1016 patients were entered ,266 into a "solitary metastasis" stratum, and 750 into a "multiple metastasis " stratum. The former were randomly assigned to treatment with 40,5Gy in 15 fractions or 20Gy in 5 fractions. The latter were assigned to 30Gy in 10 fractions, 15 Gy in5 fractions ,20 Gy in 5 fractions, or 25 Gy in 5 fractions. A quantitative measure of pain ,based on severity and frequency of pain, and the type and frequency of pain medications used, was devised to evaluate response. Overall, 89% of patients experienced minimal relief. There were no significant difference between the treatment arms in both strata. The initial pain score was found to be a useful predictor ; patients with high score were less likely to respond and were less likely to experience a complete response. Patients with breast and prostate cancer were significantly more likely to respond than patients with lung or other primary lesions. Patients completing their treatment as planned had significantly higher rates of complete response than those who did not .While some relief was experienced almost invariably within the first four weeks, complete relief was first reported later than four weeks after start of treatment in about 50 % of patients .The median duration of minimal and complete pain relief was 20 and 12 weeks ,respectively. There were no significant differences in duration of pain relief between the different arms It was concluded that all treatment dose schedules were equally effective. A reanalysis of the RTOG study was reported by Blitzer (7).Using a stepwise logistic regression, he examined the effect of the number of fractions, the dose per fraction, and solitary versus multiple metastases, on the probability of attaining complete pain relief and the need for retreatment. This multivariate technique allowed patients with solitary and multiple metastases to be analyzed together. By increasing the number of subjects and events the statistical power of the analysis was outcome. There was no correlation of the time dose factor with outcome (8). It was concluded that the more protracted schedules resulted in improved pain relief. Price et al. randomized 288 patients to receive either 8 Gy in one fraction or 30 Gy in 10 daily fractions. Pain was assessed using a questionnaire completed by the patients at the home on a daily basis. No differences were found in the probability of attaining pain relief, the speed of onset or the duration of relief between the two arms(4). Hoskin et al. randomized 270 patients to receive either 4 Gy or 8 Gy in one fraction (3) Pain assessed by the patient) and analgesic usage were recorded before treatment and at 2,4,8 and 12 weeks. At 4 weeks the response rates were 69% for 8 Gy and 44% for 4 Gy (p<0.001). The duration of the effect was independent of dose. In this study we will investigate the feasibility of concurrent Capecitabine and external beam radiotherapy, as well as collect preliminary data regarding the efficacy of this regimen. Two other randomized trials have been reported (5,6). Given the small difference in the Biological Effective Dose ( BED) between the arms (6) and the small number of patients accrued (5,6), it is not surprising that no differences between the treatment arms were detected. RTOG have reported the results of a pooled data dose response analysis (11). A computerized literature search was conducted to identify prospectively randomized clinical studies which addressed this issue and the results of these studies (2 6) were pooled together to form a database for analysis. The endpoint selected for analysis was complete response (CR). It was felt that this endpoint was most likely to be evaluated in a consistent fashion by different investigators. One study (6) was excluded from the analysis because outcome was not reported using conventional definitions of complete and partial response. To allow comparison of the different study arms, the BED was calculated for each schedule. Odds ratios calculated for various dose levels showed a statistically significant increase from 1.00 to 3.32 as the BED increased from 14.4 Gy to 5 1.4 Gy. For the first time, RTOG analysis demonstrated a highly significant dose response relationship for palliation of pain from bone metastases with radiotherapy. Furthermore, there was no evidence of flattening of the dose¬‐response curve within the dose range tested, suggesting that further gains can be realized at doses outside of the range tested. We propose a phase II clinical trial in which the biological effective dose will be increased by the concurrent use of a radiosensitizer. The main advantage of this approach over escalation of the physical dose is the avoidance of increase in the overall treatment time. Capecitabine is a fluoropyrimidine carbamate with antineoplastic activity. It is an orally administered systemic prodrug of 5' deoxy 5 fluorouridine (5' DFUR) which is converted to 5 Capecitabine is readily absorbed from the gastrointestinal tract. In the liver, a 60 kDa carboxyesterase hydrolyzes much of the compound to 5' deoxy 5 fluorocytidine (5' DFCR). Cytidine deaminase, an enzyme found in most tissues, including tumors, subsequently converts 5' DFCR to 5' deoxy 5 fluorouridine (5' DFUR).. The enzyme, thymidine phosphorylase (dThdPase), then hydrolyzes 5' DFUR to the active drug 5 FU. Many tissues throughout the body express thymidine phosphorylase. Some human carcinomas express this enzyme in higher concentrations than surrounding normal tissues. Both normal and tumor cells metabolize 5 FU to 5¬fluoro 2 deoxyuridine monophosphate (FdUMP) and 5 fluorouridine triphosphate (FUTP). These metabolites cause cell injury by two different mechanisms. First, HUMP and the folate cofactor, N5 10¬methylenetetrahydrofolate, bind to thymidylate synthase (TS) to form a covalently bound ternary complex. This binding inhibits the formation of thymidylate from uracil. Thymidylate is the necessary precursor of thymidine triphosphate, which is essential for the synthesis of DNA, so that a deficiency of this compound can inhibit cell division. Second, nuclear transcriptional enzymes can mistakenly incorporate FUTP in place of uridine triphosphate (UTP) during the synthesis of RNA. This metabolic error can interfere with RNA processing and protein synthesis. Capecitabine is already approved for use in patients with metastatic breast cancer resistant to both paclitaxel and an anthracycline containing chemotherapy regimen. OBJECTIVES Primary Objective: To determine the frequency and duration of pain relief and narcotic relief for the proposed regimen. Secondary Objective: To determine the toxicity of concurrent Capecitabine and radiotherapy in breast cancer patients with bone metastases. Eligibility Criteria Doses, as per the following table: Although 5FU is an established radiosensitizer, the exact mechanism by which it enhances cell kill is not well understood. Sensitization is schedule dependent and is maximal when a cytocidal concentration of 5FU is given after the radiation exposure (12). The effect does not result from increased sublethal damage or inhibition of sublethal damage repair (12,13). Current evidence suggests that radiosensitization by 5FU is mediated through its effects on DNA rather then RNA (14). In vivo (15) as well as clinical studies (16) have demonstrated the superiority of continuous over bolus infusion of 5FU. Over the last several decades, concurrent 5FU and radiation have been used successfully in a variety of malignancies. Several important lessons have been learned from clinical trials (16). Simultaneous delivery of large (IV bolus) doses of 5 fluorouracil with irradiation is associated with improved survival compared to treatment with radiation alone, but at a price of increased normal tissue toxicity. These side effects can be ameliorated by using protracted venous infusion. This is an efficacious approach, with a wide therapeutic index, which permits concurrent treatment of micrometastatic disease and radiation sensitization. Combined modality therapy, including irradiation and concurrently administered 5FU based chemotherapy, has become the mainstay of therapy for anal and rectal cancers. Protracted venous infusion chemoradiation is also used in the preoperative management of rectal cancer and in the nonoperative management of anal cancers. The Gastrointestinal Tumor Study Group (GITSG) has demonstrated a significant survival advantage for patients who receive adjuvant combined radiation and bolus 5FU following curative resection of pancreatic cancer (17,18). Similar advantages have been demonstrated in unresectable pancreatic cancers. Significant advantages have also been shown for concurrent chemotherapy regiments containing 5FU in esophageal cancer (19), squamous cell carcinoma of the Head and Neck (20,21), and carcinoma of the cervix (22). There is very limited experience with the use of capecitabine and radiation. Based on its relative selectivity and the increase in tumor cell 5FU levels, it should be expected that capecitabine will provide superior radiosensitization at equivalent or reduced systemic toxicity levels. Interestingly, it has been recently reported that radiation induces thymidine phosphorylase and enhances the efficacy of capecitabine in human cancer xenografts (23). This may further enhance the synergistic effects, and consequently the therapeutic ratio. In RTOG study a substantial number of patients with gastrointestinal malignancies treated with concurrent radiotherapy and capecitabine at a dose of 1600 mg/m2/day (5 days a week) with very little toxicity(24 ).In phase II study of chemoradiation for rectal cancer 1650mg/m2/d of capecitabine for 14 days was safe and well‐tolerated treatment(25). Hypothesis: Given the hypothesis that regimens employing greater intensity radiation yield higher rates of pain relief, radiosensitization using a tumor targeted drug like Xeloda should improve the rate of complete pain relief as compared to radiosensitization with 5FU alone. Number of 500 mg tablets to be taken Surface Area Total Daily Dose morning evening (m2) (mg)* <= 1.08 1000 1 1 1.09 1.4 1500 2 1 1.41 1.71 2000 2 2 1.72 2.02 2500 3 2 *Total Daily Dose rounded to the nearest 500 mg and divided into morning and evening doses. Dose Limiting Toxicity i) >grade 3 non hematologic toxicity, except for diarrhea, nausea, vomiting, fatigue, anorexia, alopecia, fever and/or local reactions. ii) grade 4 diarrhea lasting >3 days which is not controllable with loperamide or other such medications. Or grade 4 diarrhea that requires IV hydration. Patients with metastatic breast will be allowed on the study regardless of their prior exposure to chemotherapy. Today, there is no evidence to suggest crossresistance between radiotherapy and prior chemotherapy, or that response to radiotherapy is related in any way to the number of lines of chemotherapy used in a particular patient. Good palliative responses can often be achieved in heavily pretreated patients. 1. The patient must be 18 years of age or older. 2. The patient must have histologically proven breast adenocarcinoma. 3. Radiographic evidence of bone metastasis is required .Acceptable studies include plain radiographs, radionuclide bone scans, computed tomography scans and magnetic resonance imaging. 4 .The patient must have pain that appears to be related to the radiographically documented metastasis. 5. Patients receiving systemic therapy with Capecitabine to metastatic disease (according to health basket ). 6. Patients must have an estimated life expectancy of 3 months or greater. 7. Patients will be eligible for treatment of multiple metastases only if these can be included in no more than two treatment sites. 8. Signed study specific informed consent. 9 Karnofsky Performance Status > 40. 10. Calculated Creatinine Clearance > 50 ml/min 11.ALT and AST no greater than 3 5 times the institutional normal; bilirubin and serum creatinine no greater than 1.5 times normal; ANC greater than 1500, and platelets at least 100,00. Exclusion Criteria 1. Prior radiation therapy or prior palliative surgery to the painful site. 2. Impending fracture of the treatment site or planned surgical fixation of the bone. 3. Patients with clinical or radiographic evidence of spinal cord or cauda equina compression. 4. Patients receiving systemic radionuclides (strontium, samarium, etc.) within 60 days prior to registration. PRETREATMENT EVALUATION 1. Histologic diagnosis of the primary site. 2. Radiographic assessment, with must include plain x‐ray of the index lesion (s) and a bone scane. 3. Pain assessment score (BPI ). 4. Laboratory studis within 2 weeks of registration (CBC, serum ALT, AST ,total bilirubin and creatinine). RADIATION THERAPY 1. Treatment must be given using 6‐15MV photons or 6‐18 MeV electrons . 2. All fields must be treated each day. Treatment volume will include the radiographic abnormality with at least a 2 cm margin. Treatment of the entire bone is not required. 3. Anterior and posterior parallel opposed fields will be used for lumbar spine, sacrum, and extremity sites. Equal weighting is recommended, although unequal weighting may be used for the lumbar or sacral spine with a ratio of doses of 1:2 AP:PA. Dose will be prescribed at mid depth at the central axis, or at the center of target volume if unequal weighting is used. Alternatively, the lumbar spine may be treated with a single PA field, with the dose prescribed to the mid vertebral body as defined by a lateral simulator film. 4. Single posterior fields will be used for the thoracic spine and scapula .The treatment depth is set at the middle of the vertebral body, as determined by a lateral simulation film. 6. Pubic. bone lesions will be treated with a single anterior field at a depth determined by lateral radiograph or CT scan. Radiation Dose All patients will receive radiotherapy to a dose 30 Gy in 10fractions (3 Gy per fraction) over two weeks. CHEMOTHERAPY Chemotherapy with capecitabine tablets will be given concurrently with radiotherapy in the dose 1400 mg/m2 orally, in two daily divided doses. Total daily dose rounded to the nearest 500 mg and divided into morning and evening 5. The cervical spine may be treated with either parallel opposed lateral fields or with a single posterior field. When lateral fields are used, the isocenter should be at mid thickness, with the dose prescribed to the mid vertebral body. 7. Clavicular lesions will be treated with a single anterior field at a depth of 3 cm. The dose will be prescribed to the 3 cm depth. An alternative depth may be used as determined by CT scan or other radiographs. 8. Rib metastases may be treated with electrons or with photons. When electrons are used, the appropriate energy should be chosen such that the entire lesion is covered by the 90% (or higher) isodose curve. The dose will be prescribed to the 100% isodose line. When photons are used, parallel opposed fields may be used, with the depth prescribed to the mid thickness. Tangential fields are strongly encouraged to avoid treatment of underlying structures. A single field may be used to cover the lesion, with the depth set at the estimated depth of the rib lesion, and the dose prescribed to that level. 9. When more than one osseous site is to be included into a treatment field, the treating radiation oncologist may use different field arrangements at herlhis discretion, with the goal of providing relatively uniform coverage of the target sites and minimum inclusion of uninvolved tissues. iii) grade 4 neutropenia lasting >3 days iv) grade 4 thrombocytopenia v) grade 2 hand foot syndrome. Dose adjustments will be as per the following table: Toxicity NCI Grades During a Course of Therapy Grade 1 Maintain dose Grade 2 1st appearance (non HFS) Interrupt until resolved to grade 0 1 1st appearance of HFS Interrupt until resolved to grade 0 1, then continue at 75 % of original dose. 2nd appearance Interrupt until resolved to grade 0 1, then continue at 75 % of original dose. 3rd appearance Interrupt until resolved to grade 0 1, then continue at 50 % of original dose. 4th appearance Discontinue treatment permanently Grade 3 1. st appearance Interrupt until resolved to grade 0 1, then continue at 75 % of original dose with prophylaxis where possible. 2. nd appearance Interrupt until resolved to grade 0 1, then continue at 50 % of original dose. 3. rd appearance Discontinue treatment permanently Grade 4 1st appearance Discontinue permanently or If physician deems it to be in the patient's best interest to continue, interrupt until resolved to grade 0 1, then continue at 50 % of original dose . Dosage modifications are not recommended for grade 1 events. Therapy with capecitabine should be interrupted upon the occurrence of a grade 2 or 3 adverse experience. Once the adverse event has resolved or decreased in intensity to grade 1, then therapy may be restarted at full dose or as adjusted according to the above table. If a grade 4 experience occurs, therapy should be discontinued or interrupted until resolved or decreased to grade 1, and therapy should be restarted at 50% of the original dose. Doses of capecitabine omitted for toxicity are not replaced or restored; instead the patient should resume the planned treatment cycles. Once the dose has been reduced it should not be increased at a later time. Toxicity CAPECITABINE can induce diarrhea, sometimes severe. Patients with severe diarrhea should be carefully monitored and given fluid and electrolyte replacement if they become dehydrated. National Cancer Institute of Canada (NCIC grade 2 diarrhea is defined as an increase of 4 to 6 stools/day or nocturnal stools, grade 3 diarrhea as an increase of 7 to 9 stools/day or incontinence and malabsorption, and grade 4 diarrhea as an increase of >10 stools/day or grossly bloody diarrhea or the need for parenteral support. If grade 2, 3 or 4 diarrhea occurs, administration of capecitabine should be immediately interrupted until the diarrhea resolves or decreases in intensity to grade 1. Following grade 3 or 4 diarrhea, subsequent doses of capecitabine should be decreased. Standard antidiarrheal treatments (eg, loperamide) are recommended. Necrotizing enterocolitis (typhlitis) has also been reported. Hand and foot syndrome (palmar plantar erythrodysesthesia or chemotherapy induced acral erythema) is characterized by the following: numbness, dysesthesia/paresthesia, tingling, painless or painful swelling, erythema, desquamation, blistering and severe pain. Grade 2 hand and foot syndrome is defined as painful erythema and swelling of the hands and/or feet and/or discomfort affecting the patient's activities of daily living. Grade 3 hand and¬foot syndrome is defined as moist desquamation, ulceration, blistering and severe pain of the hands and/or feet and/or severe discomfort that causes the patient to be unable to work or perform activities of daily living. If grade 2 or 3 hand and foot syndrome occurs, administration of capecitabine should be interrupted until the event resolves or decreases in intensity to grade 1. Following the occurrence of grade 2 handand foot syndrome, subsequent doses of capecitabine should be decreased. There has been cardiotoxicity associated with fluorinated pyrimidine therapy, including myocardial infarction, angina, dysrhythmias, cardiogenic shock, sudden death and electrocardiograph changes. These adverse events may be more common in patients with a prior history of coronary artery disease. Patients with mild to moderate hepatic dysfunction due to liver metastases should be carefully monitored when capecitabine is administered. The effect of severe hepatic dysfunction on the disposition of capecitabine is not known. If drug related grade 2 4 elevations in bilirubin occur, administration of capecitabine should be immediately interrupted until the hyperbilirubinernia resolves or decreases in intensity to grade 1. NCIC grade 2 hyperbilirubinernia is defined as 1.5 x normal, grade 3 hyperbilirubinemia as 1.5 3 x normal and grade 4 hyperbilirubinemia as >3 x normal. Increases in adverse events have been noted in patients with reduced renal function. Therefore, patients will be excluded for a calculated creatinine clearance of less than 50 ml/min. Myelosuppression was rare. Assessment of Response Pain scores and narcotic scores will be determined using the guidelines in following table: PAIN AND NARCOTIC CATEGORIES AND SCORES PAIN ANALGESIA Severity 0 No pain 0 None I Mild I Analgesics (ASA, Bufferin, Tylenol, Anacin, etc.) 2 Moderate 2 Mild Narcotic, (< 112 gr. codeine, Darvon, etc.) 3 Severe 3 Moderate Narcotic (> 112 < gr. codeine, Percoan, etc) 4 Strong 4 Narcotic, (> 1 gr. codeine, demerol, morphine, etc) Frequency 0 None 0 None I Occasional (< daily) I p.r.n. (< daily) 2 Intermittent (at least daily) 2 q.d. (I tab. or cap./day) 3 Frequent (>. I < 3 daily) 3 b.i.d. t.i.d. (> I < 4 tab. or cap./day) 4 Constant (most of the time) 4 > t.i.d. (> 4 tab. or cap./day) Pain Score = Pain Severity Grade x Pain Frequency Grade Narcotic Score = Analgesia Severity Grade x Analgesic Frequency Grade Response will be evaluated by questionnaires at follow up visit at 2, 4 and 8 weeks after completion of radiotherapy and by phone call interviews (when necessary for completeness) in poor compliance patients. The "worst pain score" will be used as response endpoint. The time to maximal pain relief is the time from the first day of irradiation to the time of the lowest pain score for average pain. Response Definitions Complete response is defined as an average pain score of 0 for two consecutive analysis periods. Narcotic consumption must not be increased. Partial response. A decrease of at least 2 points in the worst pain score for two consecutive analysis periods. Narcotic consumption must not be increased. No response (any of the following): A pain score that does not change within 8 weeks from the start of radiation therapy. A 2 point increase in worst pain score that is sustained at a higher level in the month following the first day of radiation therapy. A pain score that drops by at least 2 points and subsequent sustained rise (on 2 successive questionnaires) of pain score by at least 2 points. Any patient with progressive pain in the treated area should have plain radiographs of the area to assess for bone stability and pathologic fracture. References. 1. Hoskin PJ. Scientific and clinical aspects of radiotherapy in the relief of bone pain. Cancer Surv. 7:69, 1988. 2. Tong D, Gillick L, Hendrickson FR. The palliation of symptomatic osseous metastases: the results of the Radiation Therapy Oncology Group. Cancer 1982; 50: 893. 3. Hoskin PJ, Price P, Easton D, et a]. A prospective randomized trial of 4 Gy or 8 Gy single doses in the treatment of metastatic bone pain. Radiotherapy and Oncology 23:74 78, 1992. 4. Price P, Hoskin PJ, Easton D, et al. Prospective randomized trial of single and multifraction radiotherapy schedules in the treatment of painful bony metastases. Radiotherapy and Oncology 6: 247 255, 1986. Okawa T, Kita M, Goto M, et al. Randomized prospective clinical study of small, large and twice a day fraction radiotherapy for painful bone metastases. Radiotherapy and Oncology 13: 99 104, 1988. 6. Madsen EL, Painful bone metastases: Efficacy of radiotherapy assessed by the patients: A randomized trial comparing 4 Gy x 6 versus 10 Gy x 2. Int. J. Radiat. Oncol. Biol. Phys. 9:1775¬ 1779, 1983. 7. Blitzer PH. Reanalysis of the RTOG study of the palliation of symptomatic osseous metastasis. Cancer 1985; 55: 1468 1472. 8. Orton CG, Ellis F, A simplification in the use of the NSD concept in practical radiotherapy. Br. J. Radiol. 1973; 46:529 537. 9. Daut R, Cleeland C, Flanery R: Development of the Wisconsin Brief Pain questionnaire to assess pain in cancer and other diseases. Pain 17:197 210, 1983. 10. 11. 12. 13. 14. Cella DF, Tulsky DS, Gray G, et al.: The Functional Assessment of Cancer Therapy Scale: Development and validation of the general measure. J Clin Oncol 11:570 579, 1993. Ben Josef E, Shamsa F, Youssef E, Porter AT. External beam radiotherapy for painful osseous metastases: pooled data dose response analysis. Int J Radiat Oncol Biol Phys 45(3):715 719, 1999. Nakajima V, Miyamoto Y, Tanabe M, et al. Enhancement of mammalian cell killing by 5fluorouracil in combination with x rays. Cancer Res 39:3763 3767, 1979. Lawrence TS, Davis MA, Maybaum I Dependence of 5 fluorouracil mediated radiosensitization on DNA directed effects. Int J Radiat Oncol Biol Phys 1994, 29(3):519 23. 15. Weinberg MJ, Rauth AM. 5 fluorouracil infusion and fractionated doses of radiation: Studies with a murine sqamous cell carcinoma. Int J Radiat Oncol Biol Phys 13: 1691 1699, 1987. Rich TA. Infusional chemoradiation for rectal and anal cancers. Oncology (Huntingt) 1999, 13(10 Suppl 5):131 4. Byfield JE, calabro Jones P, Klisak 1, et al. Pharmacologic requirements for obtaining sensitization of human tumor cells in vitro to combined r fluorouracil or ftorafur and x rays. Int J Radiat Oncol Biol Phys 1982, 8:1923 33. 17. Gastrointestinal Tumor Study Group. Further evidence of effective adjuvant combined radiation and chemotherapy following curative resection of pancreatic cancer. Cancer 1987, 59(12):2006¬ 10. 18. Kalser MH, Ellenberg SS. Pancreatic cancer. Adjuvant combined radiation and chemotherapy following curative resection. Arch Surg 1985, 120(8):899 903. 19. al Sarraf M, Martz K, Herskovic A, Leichman L, Brindle JS, Vaitkevicius VK, Cooper J, Byhardt R, Davis L, Emami B. Progress report of combined chemoradiotherapy versus radiotherapy alone in patients with esophageal cancer: an intergroup study. J Clin Oncol 1997, 15(l):277 84. 20. Wendt TG, Grabenbauer GG, Rodel CM, Thiel HJ, Aydin H, Rohloff R, Wustrow TP, Iro H, Popella C, Schalhorn A. Simultaneous radiochemotherapy versus radiotherapy alone in advanced head and neck cancer: a randomized multicenter study. J Clin Oncol 1998, 16(4):1318 24. 21. Al Sarraf M, LeBlanc M, Giri PG, Fu KK, Cooper J, Vuong T, Forastiere AA, Adams G, Sakr WA, Schuller DE, Ensley JF. Chemoradiotherapy versus radiotherapy in patients with advanced nasopharyngeal cancer: phase III randomized Intergroup study 0099. J Clin Oncol 1998, 16(4):1310 7. 22. Morris M, Eifel PJ, Lu J, Grigsby PW, Levenback C, Stevens RE, Rotman M, Gershenson DM, Mutch DG. Pelvic radiation with concurrent chemotherapy compared with pelvic and para aortic radiation for high risk cervical cancer. N Engl J Med 1999, 340(15):1137 43. 23. Sawada N, Ishikawa T, Sekiguchi F, Tanaka Y, Ishitsuka H. X ray irradiation induces thymidine phosphorylase and enhances the efficacy of capecitabine in human cancer xenografts. Clin Cancer Res 1999, 5(10):2948 53. 24. U.N.Vaishampayan, E. Ben‐Josef, P.A. Philip, V.K. Vaitkevicius, K.J. Levin and A.F. Shields. A single‐ institution experience with concurrent capecitabine and radiation therapy in gastrointestinal malignancies . Int J Radiat Oncol Biol Phys ,2002, 53,675‐679. 25. Jun‐Sang Kim, Jae‐Sung Kim, Moon‐June Cho and Wan‐Hee Yoon .Preoperative chemoradiation using oral capecitabine in locally advanced rectal cancer. Int J Radiat Oncol Biol Phys ,2002,54,403‐408.
Management of locally advanced adenocarcinoma of the pancreas; Pancreatic cancer is one of the deadliest malignancies and is fatal in more than 95% of affected individuals. For locally advanced disease, the combination of 5‐FU and radiation appears to offer the best chance for delaying disease progression. The introduction of gemcitabine into chemoradiotherapy regimens may provide additional improvements in the management of patients. Preoperative therapy has proved feasible but has not shown improvement in overall survival.
Future directions in the treatment of pancreatic cancer; Fewer than 20% of patients with pancreatic cancer present with disease macroscopically confined to the pancreas, and approximately 40% already have locally advanced disease. Based on data from the Gastrointestinal Tumor Study Group, adjuvant therapy with radiation and 5‐fluorouracil has become standard practice in the United States; however, in other countries, adjuvant treatment has not been as widely accepted. Other issues include the potential of neoadjuvant therapy and optimal systemic management. The issue of second‐line therapy has also been raised in the treatment of pancreatic carcinoma, after the establishment of gemcitabine as a first‐line standard treatment approach, in which it achieves a significant clinical benefit response. Other combination partners with gemcitabine under investigation include the antimetabolite 5‐fluorouracil, the topoisomerase‐I inhibitor irinotecan, the taxane docetaxel, the platinum oxaliplatin, the multitargeted antifolate pemetrexed, the farnesyl transferase inhibitor R‐115777, the anti‐HER2/neu antibody trastuzumab, and the epidermal growth factor inhibitor cetuximab. Combined‐modality approaches with gemcitabine and radiation are also under active investigation.
Preoperative treatment with mFOLFIRINOX +/- isotoxic high-dose stereotactic body radiation therapy (iHD-SBRT) for borderline resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma (the STEREOPAC trial): a randomized comparative multicenter phase II trial; Background: Surgical resection is the only potentially curative treatment for patients with pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC). Neoadjuvant therapy is a rapidly emerging concept that needs to be explored and validated in terms of therapeutic options and survival benefit. In this setting, preoperative modified FOLFIRINOX (mFFX) seems to be feasible and can be followed by radiation therapy with promising benefit for patients in terms of R0 resection, local control and survival. However, the best therapeutic sequence is not yet known and the role of adding high‐dose SBRT to chemotherapy in the neoadjuvant strategy requires assessment in randomized trials. The aim of the study is to evaluate the impact and efficacy of adding isotoxic high‐dose SBRT (iHD‐SBRT) to neoadjuvant mFFX in patients with borderline resectable PDAC. Methods: This is a randomized comparative multicentre phase II trial, planning to enrol patients (n= 256) diagnosed with a borderline resectable biopsy‐confirmed PDAC. Patients will receive 4 cycles of mFFX (or 6 doses of gemcitabine/nab‐paclitaxel [Gem/Nab‐P] in case of intolerance). After full disease restaging, non‐progressive patients will be randomized for receiving either 4 additional mFFX cycles (or 6 doses of Gem/Nab‐P) (Arm A), or 2 mFFX cycles (or 3 doses of Gem/Nab‐P) + iHD‐SBRT (35 to 55Gy in 5 fractions) + 2 mFFX cycles (or 3 doses of Gem/Nab‐P) (Arm B). Then curative surgery will be performed followed by adjuvant chemotherapy according to patient's condition. The co‐primary endpoints are R0 resection and disease‐free survival after the complete sequence strategy. The secondary endpoints include resection rate, overall survival, locoregional failure/distant metastasis free interval, pathologic complete response, toxicity, postoperative complications and quality of life assessment. Discussion: This trial will help define the best neoadjuvant treatment sequence for borderline resectable PDAC and aims to evaluate if a total neoadjuvant treatment integrating iHD‐SBRT improves the patients' oncological outcomes.
Post-neoadjuvant pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma: Tumor burden, not tumor size, may predict outcome; Background: Based on the latest AJCC 8th edition, pT staging is largely based on tumor size for pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDA). Neoadjuvant therapy (NT) has become standard of care for PDA, which can interfere with accurate tumor size measurement. Whether tumor size‐based pT staging in post‐NT PDA remains predictive of outcome is not known. Therefore, this study aims to compare methods of measuring tumor size and tumor burden in relation to outcome. Design: This is a multi‐institutional study including 66 cases identified through retrospective pathology databases' searches for resected PDA with NT from 2013‐2018, and staged using AJCC 8th ed. Cases with no residual tumor on resection specimens or available follow up were excluded. Clinical, demographic data and outcomes were obtained from electronic medical records. Tumor size was recorded as follows: imaging pre and post‐NT, gross, microscopic assessment of H&E slides (largest single focus linear dimension). Tumor burden was assessed as: number of blocks involved by tumor (B), maximum tumor cellularity per case (MC), average tumor cellularity per case (AC), total positive lymph nodes (LN), largest linear dimension of tumor in positive LN, CAP tumor regression grade (TRG), and residual tumor burden index (TBI, online software, http://www3.mdanderson.org). Results: Summarized findings are included in Table 1. There are 39 males/27 females, mean 66 years (range 48‐84). All 66 patients had chemotherapy, 44 also had radiation preoperatively. Mean survival was 24.3 months (3‐65). Maximum tumor cellularity of >30% is significantly associated with poor survival (p=0.012). There is a trend towards significantly worse survival in patients with positive LN status at resection (p=0.065). After 1‐year follow up (n=55), positive LN status and high TBI significantly and negatively impacted survival (p=0.002 and p=0.0025). At 2‐year follow‐up (n=28), high TBI negatively impacted survival more significantly (p < 0.0001). There was no correlation between tumor size (regardless of measurement method), size of LN metastasis, pT stage, TRG and survival. Conclusions: AJCC 8th ed. pT stage has been proposed as a more reliable predictor of survival in PDA. In the setting of NT, tumor size does not correlate with survival in our cohort. Further, lymph node metastasis and tumor burden assessment methods such as maximum tumor cellularity (30% cut off) and tumor burden index may be better predictors of survival.
Efficacy of modified FOLFIRINOX neoadjuvant chemotherapy combined with surgery on resectable pancreatic cancer; Purpose: To explore the clinical efficacy and safety of modified FOLFIRINOX neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NACT) combined with surgery in the treatment of resectable pancreatic cancer. Methods: A total of 88 patients with resectable pancreatic cancer were randomly divided into the NACT group (n=44, treated with preoperative modified FOLFIRINOX NACT combined with surgery) and the control group (n=44, treated with direct surgery). The tumor down‐staging after NACT and efficacy and adverse reactions of NACT were analyzed, and the R0 resection rate, surgery conditions, postoperative complications and changes in the levels of serum tumor markers were compared. Results: In the NACT group, the median cycle of NACT was 6.3 cycles (3‐13 cycles), and the effective rate was 50% (22/44). T and N down‐staging occurred in 12 cases (31.6%) and 14 cases (36.8%), respectively, and the total down‐staging rate reached 36.8% after NACT. The R0 resection rate in the NACT group was obviously higher than in the control group. In the NACT group, the levels of serum carbohydrate antigen 19‐9 (CA19‐9) and carcinoembryonic antigen (CEA) greatly declined after NACT, while they were greatly lower than in the control group at 1 d before surgery. At 7 d after surgery, the levels of serum CA19‐9 and CEA markedly declined in the two groups, while they were markedly lower in the NACT group than in the control group. The median overall survival (OS) was 22.6 months and 19.2 months, and the median progression‐free survival (PFS) was 13.4 months and 11.5 months, respectively, in the NACT group and the control group. Log‐rank test revealed that both OS and PFS in the NACT group were remarkably better than in the control group. Conclusion: Modified FOLFIRINOX NACT is safe and feasible in the treatment of resectable pancreatic cancer, which can effectively reduce the tumor stage, raise the R0 resection rate, and greatly improve the patient's survival status and disease progression.
Alliance A021501: preoperative mFOLFIRINOX or mFOLFIRINOX plus hypofractionated radiation therapy (RT) for borderline resectable (BR) adenocarcinoma of the pancreas; Background: Neoadjuvant therapy has been associated with a median overall survival (OS) of 18 ‐ 23 months (mo) in patients (pts) with BR pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC). To establish reference regimens to which novel treatments can be compared in future studies, we evaluated neoadjuvant mFOLFIRINOX with or without RT in BR PDAC in a phase II National Clinical Trials Network (NCTN) trial. Methods: Pts with ECOG PS 0‐1 and BR PDAC confirmed by central real‐time radiographic review after pre‐registration were randomized to either arm A: 8 cycles of neoadjuvant mFOLFIRINOX (oxaliplatin 85 mg/m2 , irinotecan 180 mg/m2 , leucovorin 400 mg/m2 and infusional 5‐ fluorouracil 2400 mg/m2 over 46 hours), or arm B: 7 cycles of mFOLFIRINOX followed by stereotactic body RT (SBRT, 33‐40 Gy in 5 fractions [fx]) or hypofractionated image guided RT (HIGRT, 25 Gy in 5 fx). Pts in either arm without disease progression underwent pancreatectomy, then 4 cycles of adjuvant mFOLFOX6 (oxaliplatin 85 mg/m2 , leucovorin 400 mg/m2 and infusional 5‐fluorouracil 2400 mg/m2 over 46 hours). The primary endpoint, 18‐mo OS rate, of each arm was compared to a historical control of 50%. Planned interim analysis mandated closure of either arm inwhich <11 of first 30 accrued pts underwent R0 resection. Results: 155 pts pre‐registered and 126 pts were enrolled to arm A (N=70; 54 randomized, 16 following closure of arm B) or arm B (N=56; closed at interim analysis, all pts randomized prior to closure). Median age (A: 63y, B: 67y), median CA 19‐9 level (A: 171 U/ml, B: 248 U/ml) and ECOG PS (A: 51% PS 0, B: 57% PS 0) of registered pts were similar between arms (p > 0.05). Treatment detailed in Table. The 18‐mo OS rate based on Kaplan Meier estimates was 67.9% (95%CI: 54.6 ‐ 78.0) in arm A and 47.3% (95%CI: 33.7 ‐ 59.7) in arm B. Among pts who underwent pancreatectomy, 18‐mo OS rate was 93.1% (95%CI: 84.3 ‐ 100) and 78.9% (95%CI: 62.6 ‐ 99.6) in arm A and B, respectively. With median follow‐up of 27 and 31 mo, median OS was 31.0 (95%CI: 22.2 ‐ NE) mo and 17.1 (95%CI: 12.8 ‐ 24.4) mo in arm A and B, respectively. Conclusions: Neoadjuvant mFOLFIRINOX was associated with favorable OS relative to historical data in pts with BL PDAC in this phase II NCTN trial. mFOLFIRINOX with hypofractionated RT did not improve OS compared to historical data. mFOLFIRINOX represents a reference regimen in this setting and a backbone on which to add novel agents.
A randomized multicenter trial comparing resection and radiochemotherapy for resectable locally invasive pancreatic cancer; BACKGROUND: Though the outcome of resection for locally invasive pancreatic cancer is still poor, it has gradually improved in Japan, and the 5‐year survival is now about 10%. However, the advantage of resection over radiochemotherapy has not yet been confirmed by a randomized trial. We conducted this study to compare surgical resection alone versus radiochemotherapy without resection for locally invasive pancreatic cancer using a multicenter randomized design. METHODS: Patients with pancreatic cancer who met our preoperative criteria for inclusion (pancreatic cancer invading the pancreatic capsule without involvement of the superior mesenteric artery or the common hepatic artery, or without distant metastasis) underwent laparotomy. Patients with operative findings consistent with our criteria were randomized into a radical resection group and a radiochemotherapy group (200 mg/m(2)/day of intravenous 5‐fluorouracil and 5040 cGy of radiotherapy) without resection. The 2 groups were compared for mean survival, hazard ratio, 1‐year survival, quality of life scores, and hematologic and blood chemical data. RESULTS: Twenty patients were assigned to the resection group and 22 to the radiochemotherapy group. There was 1 operative death. The surgical resection group had better results than the radiochemotherapy group as measured by 1‐year survival (62% vs 32 %, P=.05), mean survival time (>17 vs 11 months, P < .03), and hazard ratio (0.46, P=.04). There were no differences in the quality of life score or laboratory data apart from increased diarrhea after surgical resection. CONCLUSIONS: Locally invasive pancreatic cancer without distant metastases and major arterial invasion appears to be best treated by surgical resection.
Results of a multicenter randomized phase II trial of resection ± neoadjuvant chemoradiation therapy in pancreatic cancer; Purpose/Objective(s): Patients (pts) with resectable pancreatic cancer are treated by primary surgery with adjuvant therapy, currently achieving about 20 months (m) median overall survival time (mOS). We tested whether neoadjuvant chemoradiation therapy (CRT) in resectable pancreatic cancer is superior compared to primary resection in this first multi‐center phase II RCT on this question. Materials/Methods: Eligibility required histologically proven ductal adenocarcinoma of the pancreatic head, <180≤ contact to peri‐pancreatic vessels. Randomization was: arm A ‐ primary surgery, arm B ‐ neoadjuvant CRT (55.4 Gy; gemcitabine/cisplatin), followed by surgery 6 weeks later. From 2005 a protocol amendment suggested adjuvant chemotherapy (gemcitabine). The primary endpoint was mOS. The proposed sample size of 254 eligible patients was planned to provide at least 80% power to detect a 4.33 m difference in mOS with a significance level of 5% in a 2‐ sided log‐rank test. Results: Seventy‐three pts were randomized in 8 centers (A n = 37, B n = 36) between June 2003 and December 2009 when due to slow recruitment the trial was closed. Data of 68 pts (A/B n = 34) could be evaluated, 3 pts withdrew consent (A/B n = 2/1), 1 center sent no data (A/ B n = 1). Allocated therapy was received by 33 pts in arm A and 30 pts in arm B. Sepsis and subsequent death before surgery occurred in 1 pt (arm A). Four pts refused the allocated CRT and underwent primary surgery. Another 4 pts (B) did not undergo surgery due to obvious tumor progression after CRT. Tumor resection was performed in 24 pts (A) and in 20 pts (B). Explorative laparotomy revealed locally non‐resectable tumor in 6 pts (A/B n = 4/2) and distant metastasis in 13 pts (A/B n = 5/8). The R0‐resection rate was 67% (16/24 pts) in A and 90% (18/20 pts) in B (p= 0.083). In arm A, 9/24 patients (38%) had pN0‐status versus 14/20 patients (70%) in arm B. One patient (A) died postoperatively due to perioperative myocardial infarction and multiorgan failure in hospital. Postoperative complications were comparable in both groups. Intention‐to‐treat mOS was 14.4 m (A) and 17.4 m (B) (p = n.s.). Analysis per protocol shows a median overall survival of 25 m in arm B versus 18 m in arm A for pts with resections (p = n.s.). Conclusions: Due to under‐recruitment mOS was not significantly different in the intention‐to‐treat analysis. However, there was a trend for a higher rate of clear resection margins after CRT and also for prolonged survival in arm B at analysis per protocol. Also, CRT helped to de‐mask the biology of the tumor sparing pts with rapidly progressive disease from surgery.
Impact of resection margin status on survival in pancreatic cancer patients after neoadjuvant treatment and pancreatoduodenectomy; Background: Resection margin status has been recognized as an independent prognostic factor on overall survival in pancreatic cancer patients undergoing surgical resection. However, its impact after neoadjuvant treatment remains uncertain. Methods: We analyzed 305 patients with resectable or borderline resectable pancreatic cancer treated with neoadjuvant therapy and pancreatoduodenectomy at 3 tertiary referral centers between 2010 and 2017. Positive resection margin was defined as 1 or more cancer cells at any margin. Overall survival was measured from the date of surgery until death or last follow‐up. Results: One hundred and seventy‐eight patients received neoadjuvant chemotherapy and 127 received neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy. The median overall survival was 29.8 months. The 1‐, 3‐, and 5‐year overall survival rates were 79.2%, 44.0%, and 23.5%, respectively. Negative margin was achieved in 275 (90.2%) patients. Negative margin resection patients had a significantly longer overall survival than positive resection margin patients (31.3 vs 16.3 months, P <.001). In univariate analyses, overall survival was associated with age, margin status, histologic grade, ypT, number of positive lymph nodes, perineural invasion, treatment effect, postoperative carbohydrate antigen 19‐9, and adjuvant therapy. Positive margin resection, poorly differentiated carcinoma, treatment effect score of 3, postoperative carbohydrate antigen 19‐9 of 37 U/mL or higher, and lack of adjuvant therapy were predictive of poor overall survival in multivariate Cox regression analysis. Conclusion: Margin status was an independent predictor of overall survival in patients treated with neoadjuvant therapy and pancreatoduodenectomy, supporting the use of a negative margin resection as a surrogate of adequate oncological resection in this setting. Our findings may also have significant implications for patient stratification in future randomized trials.
Phase II study of Neoadjuvant chemotherapy with Gemcitabine and S1 for resectable pancreatic carcinoma; INTERVENTION: Neoadjuvant treatment with gemcitabine and S1 CONDITION: resectable pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: 2 year survival rate SECONDARY OUTCOME: Adverse effect, resectability rate, residual tumor(R), nodal involvement(N), pathological effect, recurrence free survival, tumor marker, dose intensity INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1) invasive ductal carcinoma of the pancreas 2) no distant metastasis 3) R0/1 resectable 4) all adult who anticipate to undergo pancreatectomy 5) no prior therapy 6) written informed consent
Phase II study of Neoadjuvant chemotherapy with Gemcitabine and S1 (GS therapy) for resectable pancreatic carcinoma; INTERVENTION: Neoadjuvant treatment with gemcitabine and S1 CONDITION: resectable pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: 2 year survival rate SECONDARY OUTCOME: Adverse effect, resectability rate, pathological effect, recurrence free survival, patterns of recurrence, reduction rate and normalization rate for tumor marker INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1) invasive ductal carcinoma of the pancreas 2) no distant metastasis 3) R0/1 resectable 4) all adult who anticipate to undergo pancreatectomy 5) no prior therapy 6) written informed consent
Association of SMAD4 loss with response to neoadjuvant chemotherapy with the autophagy inhibitor hydroxychloroquine in patients with pancreatic adenocarcinoma; Background: SMAD4, a tumor suppressor gene, is inactivated or deleted in 60‐90% of pancreatic adenocarcinomas (PDA). Loss of SMAD4 allows tumor progression by limiting cell cycle arrest and apoptosis and increasing metastases. SMAD4 deficient PDA cells are resistant to radiotherapy by upregulation of autophagy, a cell survival mechanism that allows intracellular recycling of macromolecules and organelles. Hydroxychloroquine (HCQ) is a known autophagy inhibitor, suggesting that HCQ treatment in SMAD4 deficient PDA may prevent therapeutic resistance induced by autophagy upregulation. Methods: We retrospectively analyzed the SMAD4 status of PDA patients enrolled in two prospective clinical trials evaluating preoperative HCQ. The first dose escalation trial demonstrated the safety of preoperative gemcitabine with HCQ (NCT01128296). More recently, a randomized trial of gemcitabine/nab‐paclitaxel +/‐ HCQ evaluated Evans Grade histopathologic response (NCT01978184). Immunohistochemistry of resected specimens for SMAD4 was previously performed. Patients not treated at the max HCQ dose (n = 5), not resected (n = 2) or with SMAD4 staining unavailable were excluded (n = 10). The effect of SMAD4 loss on response to HCQ and chemotherapy was studied for association with clinical outcome. Fisher's exact test and log‐rank test were used to assess response and survival. Results: 52 patients receiving HCQ with neoadjuvant chemotherapy and 24 patients receiving neoadjuvant chemotherapy alone were studied. Of the HCQ group, 25 patients had SMAD4 loss (48%), compared with 15 control patients (63%, p = 0.32). 76% of HCQ treated patients with SMAD4 loss obtained a histopathologic response ≥2A, compared to only 37% with SMAD4 intact (p = 0.006). In the control group, loss of SMAD4 was associated with a nonsignificant detriment in 3 year OS (25% vs. 78%, p = 0.3) that was less apparent in patients treated with HCQ (46% vs. 47%, p = 0.18). Conclusions: The addition of HCQ to neoadjuvant chemotherapy in PDA may improve treatment response in patients with SMAD4 loss. Further study of the relationship between SMAD4, autophagy and treatment outcomes in PDA is warranted.
Pre-operative/Neoadjuvant Therapy and Vascular Debranching Followed by Resection for Locally Advanced Pancreatic Cancer (PREVADER): clinical Feasibility Trial; Introduction: Pancreatic cancer continues to have a poor outcome. Many patients are diagnosed with advanced disease, and in a considerable proportion, abutment or invasion of visceral arteries is present. Moreover, some patients have anatomical variations or stenosis of major visceral arteries requiring arterial reconstruction upon pancreatic cancer resection to avoid organ ischemia. Simultaneous arterial reconstruction during resection is associated with relevant morbidity and mortality. This trial evaluates the approach of visceral debranching, that is, arterial reconstruction, prior to neoadjuvant chemotherapy and tumor resection in patients with locally advanced, unresectable pancreatic cancer. Methods and Analysis: The trial includes patients with locally advanced, non‐metastatic pancreatic cancer with arterial abutment or invasion (deemed primarily unresectable), variations in vascular anatomy, or stenosis of visceral arteries. The participants undergo visceral debranching, followed by current standard neoadjuvant chemotherapy (mFOLFIRINOX, gemcitabine–nab‐paclitaxel, or other) and potential subsequent tumor resection. The primary outcome is feasibility, measured as the proportion of patients who start neoadjuvant therapy within 6 weeks of visceral debranching. The trial has an exact single‐stage design. The proportion below which the treatment is considered ineffective is set at 0.7 (H0). The proportion above which the treatment warrants further exploration in a phase III trial is set at 0.9 (H1). With a power (1‐beta) of 0.8 and a type 1 mistake (alpha) of 0.05, the required sample size is 28 patients. Feasibility of the approach will be assumed if 24 of the enrolled 28 patients proceed to neoadjuvant chemotherapy within 6 weeks from visceral debranching. Discussion: This trial evaluates a new treatment sequence, that is, visceral debranching followed by chemotherapy and resection, for pancreatic cancer with invasion or abutment of visceral arteries. The primary objective of the trial is to evaluate feasibility. Trial results will allow for estimating treatment effects and calculating the sample size of a randomized controlled trial, in which the approach will be tested if the feasibility endpoint is met. Clinical Trial Registration: clinicaltrials.gov, identifier: NCT04136769.
Lesson from chemoradiotherapy followed by surgery for borderline and locally advanced pancreatic cancer (BRPC and LAPC); Proportion of BRPC and LAPC was over 30% (BRPC: 7.4%; LAPC: 23.4%) of total pancreatic cancer cases (N=1,716) who visited SNUH during recent 8 years. Among the BRPC 126 cases, surgery was performed in 68 cases (53.9%) either as upfront surgery (35.7%) or after chemo‐radiotherapy (18.2%). All the surgical cases including cases that were initially defined BRPC or LAPC during the last 6 years were reviewed. Some of the BRPC cases were enrolled in the multicenter RCT study to compare upfront surgery and neo‐adjuvant therapy followed by surgery. The RCT was hold because the interim analysis demonstrated that upfront surgery has shown definitively worse outcome. Forty two patients underwent adjuvant therapy (gemcitabine or FORFIRINOX based) before surgery (BRPC: N=29, LAPC: N=13). Tumor response to preoperative treatmentwas stable disease (SD) in most cases and partial remission was observed in 25%. Resection was performed in 35 cases (76.1% of surgery cases). R0 ratewas 77% (27/35). Postoperative morbidity was not so different from resectable cases, but pancreatic fistula rate was lower. Preoperative therapy tends to decrease number of retrieved lymph node and positive lymph node. Although margin positivity is higher, survival rate was comparable to resectable cases, once curative surgery was performed. Although FORFIRINOX group showed better tumor response before surgery, survival outcome did not reach statistically significant difference. Even though only a limited number of patients would undergo resection, CRT should be tried first for LAPC and BRPC. Because CT interpretation has limited reliability, BRPC after CRT including cases down‐staged from LAPC should be explored by surgery. Perivascular findings on CT seem to be not always consistent with pathologic findings, which vary in terms of the degree of response. CRT before surgery did not bring higher morbidity or technical difficulty. Neoadjuvant therapy for resectable cancer should be considered.
Neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy vs surgery for pancreatic cancer. A multi-centre randomised phase II trial; Purpose/Objective: Primary surgery is standard treatment for resectable pancreatic carcinoma, and median overal survival time [mOS] for patients [pts] with resected pancreatic cancer is about 20 months. But still most pts die from local relapse or metastases. Therefore, we investigated in the first randomised controlled multi‐centre trial on this topic whether neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy [CRT] in resectable pancreatic carcinoma is superior compared to primary resection. Materials and Methods: Pts with histologically proven ductal adenocarcinoma of the pancreatic head and <180° contact to peripancreatic vessels were randomised into Group A ‐ primary surgery or Group B ‐ neoadjuvant CRT (55.4 Gy; gemcitabine & cisplatin), followed by surgery 6 weeks later. In 2005 a protocol amendment suggested adjuvant chemotherapy (gemcitabine). The primary endpoint was mOS. The proposed sample size of 254 eligible patients was planned to provide at least 80% power to detect a 4.33 month difference in mOS with a significance level of 5% in a 2‐sided log‐rank test. Results: Between 06/2003 and 12/2009, 73 pts were randomised in 8 centres (A n=37, B n=36). Due to slow recruitment the trial was closed early. At submission data of 68 pts (A/B n=34) could be evaluated, 3 pts withdrew consent (A/B n=2/1), 1 centre sent no data (A/B n=1). The allocated therapy was received by 33 pts in Group A and 30 pts in Group B. One pt (A) developed sepsis and died before surgery. Four pts refused the allocated CRT and underwent primary surgery. Another 4 pts (B) did not undergo surgery due to obvious tumor progression after CRT. Tumour resection was performed in 24 pts (A) and in 20 pts (B) by intention‐to‐treat‐analysis. Explorative laparotomy revealed locally unresectable tumour in 6 pts (A/B n=4/2) and distant metastasis in 13 pts (A/B n=5/8). The R0‐resection rate was 67% (16/24 pts) in A and 90% (18/20 pts) in B (p=0.083). In arm A, 9/24 patients (38%) had pN0‐status versus 14/20 patients (70%) in arm B. One patient (A) died postoperatively due to perioperative myocardial infarction/multiorgan failure in hospital. Postoperative complications were comparable in both groups. Intention‐to‐treat mOS was 14.4 months (A) and 17.4 months (B) (p=n.s.). Analysis per protocol shows a median overall survival of 25 months in arm B versus 18 months in arm A for pts with resections (p=n.s.). Conclusions: Due to under‐recruitment mOS was not significantly different in the intention‐to‐treat analysis. However, there was a trend for a higher rate of clear resection margins after CRT and also for prolonged survival in arm B at analysis per protocol. Also, CRT helped to de‐mask the biology of the tumor sparing pts with rapidly progressive disease from surgery.
Contemporary Reappraisal of Intraoperative Neck Margin Assessment during Pancreaticoduodenectomy for Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma: a Review; Importance: Although margin‐negative (R0) resection is the gold standard for surgical management of localized pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC), the question of how to manage the patient with a microscopically positive intraoperative neck margin (IONM) during pancreaticoduodenectomy remains controversial. Observations: In the absence of randomized clinical trials, we critically evaluated high‐quality retrospective studies examining the oncologic utility of re‐resecting positive IONMs during pancreaticoduodenectomy for PDAC (2000‐2019). Several studies have concluded that additional pancreatic resection to achieve an R0 margin in IONM‐positive cases does not influence survival. The largest is a multi‐institutional study of 1399 patients undergoing pancreaticoduodenectomy, which demonstrated that in comparison with patients undergoing R0 resection (n = 1196; median survival, 21 months), those with either final R1 resections (n = 131) or undergoing margin conversion from IONM‐positive to R0 resection on permanent section (n = 72) demonstrated similar median survival times (13.7 and 11.9 months, respectively). Conversely, recent reports suggest that the conversion of IONM to R0 resection with additional resection or even total pancreatectomy may be associated with improved survival. The discordance between these conflicting studies could be explained in part by the influence of biologic and physiologic selection on the association of IONM re‐resection and survival. Since most studies did not include patients receiving modern combination chemotherapy regimens, the intersection between margin status, tumor biology, and chemoresponsiveness remains unclear. Furthermore, there are no dedicated data to guide surgical management in IONM‐positive pancreaticoduodenectomy for patients receiving neoadjuvant chemotherapy. Conclusions and Relevance: Although data regarding the oncologic utility of additional resection to achieve a tumor‐free margin following initial IONM positivity during pancreaticoduodenectomy for PDAC are conflicting, they suggest that IONM positivity may be a surrogate for biologic aggressiveness that is unlikely to be mitigated by the extent of surgical resection. The complex relationship between margin status and chemoresponsiveness warrants exploration in studies including patients receiving increasingly effective neoadjuvant chemotherapy..
Implementation of Best Practices in Pancreatic Cancer Care in the Netherlands: a Stepped-Wedge Randomized Clinical Trial; Importance: Implementation of new cancer treatment strategies as recommended by evidence‐based guidelines is often slow and suboptimal. Objective: To improve the implementation of guideline‐based best practices in the Netherlands in pancreatic cancer care and assess the impact on survival. Design, setting, and participants: This multicenter, stepped‐wedge cluster randomized trial compared enhanced implementation of best practices with usual care in consecutive patients with all stages of pancreatic cancer. It took place from May 22, 2018 through July 9, 2020. Data were analyzed from April 1, 2022, through February 1, 2023. It included all patients in the Netherlands with pathologically or clinically diagnosed pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma. This study reports 1‐year follow‐up (or shorter in case of deceased patients). Intervention: The 5 best practices included optimal use of perioperative chemotherapy, palliative chemotherapy, pancreatic enzyme replacement therapy (PERT), referral to a dietician, and use of metal stents in patients with biliary obstruction. A 6‐week implementation period was completed, in a randomized order, in all 17 Dutch networks for pancreatic cancer care. Main Outcomes and Measures: The primary outcome was 1‐year survival. Secondary outcomes included adherence to best practices and quality of life (European Organisation for Research and Treatment of Cancer [EORTC] global health score). Results: Overall, 5887 patients with pancreatic cancer (median age, 72.0 [IQR, 64.0‐79.0] years; 50% female) were enrolled, 2641 before and 2939 after implementation of best practices (307 during wash‐in period). One‐year survival was 24% vs 23% (hazard ratio, 0.98, 95% CI, 0.88‐1.08). There was no difference in the use of neoadjuvant chemotherapy (11% vs 11%), adjuvant chemotherapy (48% vs 51%), and referral to a dietician (59% vs 63%), while the use of palliative chemotherapy (24% vs 30%; odds ratio [OR], 1.38; 95% CI, 1.10‐1.74), PERT (34% vs 45%; OR, 1.64; 95% CI, 1.28‐2.11), and metal biliary stents increased (74% vs 83%; OR, 1.78; 95% CI, 1.13‐2.80). The EORTC global health score did not improve (area under the curve, 43.9 vs 42.8; median difference, ‐1.09, 95% CI, ‐3.05 to 0.94). Conclusions and Relevance: In this randomized clinical trial, implementation of 5 best practices in pancreatic cancer care did not improve 1‐year survival and quality of life. The finding that most patients received no tumor‐directed treatment paired with the poor survival highlights the need for more personalized treatment options. Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT03513705.
Effect of Neoadjuvant Nab-Paclitaxel plus Gemcitabine Therapy on Overall Survival in Patients with Borderline Resectable Pancreatic Cancer: a Prospective Multicenter Phase II Trial (NAC-GA Trial); We conducted a prospective multicenter phase II trial of patients with borderline resectable pancreatic carcinoma to investigate the efficacy of neoadjuvant nab‐paclitaxel plus gemcitabine therapy on overall survival (OS). The clinical trial primarily evaluated OS time from the first day of protocol therapy as a primary endpoint. The secondary endpoints were recurrence‐free survival from the first day of protocol therapy, safety of the protocol therapy (adverse effect), morbidity based on the Clavien Dindo classification of more than III, response rate, preoperative/postoperative tumor marker (CA 19‐9, CEA), rate of normalization, reduction rate of the maximum standardized uptake value on positron emission tomography‐computed tomography (limited to institutions where positron emission tomography‐computed tomography was available), chemotherapeutic effect grade based on Evans' classification, resection rate, R0 resection rate, surgical data (operative time, blood loss, transfusion, postoperative hospital day), overall morbidity rates (reoperation, rate of readmission, mortality), patient rate in postoperative adjuvant therapy (entry rate, completion rate), dose intensity, quality of life regarding fatigue and malaise assessed by the questionnaire of FACIT‐F (Japanese version), and peripheral sensory neuropathy assessed by the questionnaire of the FACT/GOG‐NTX subscale (version 4; Japanese version). Sixty patients were included in the study, and 18 leading Japanese institutions and hospitals (all high‐volume centers in pancreatic surgery) participated in this trial.
Neo-Adjuvant therapy or surgery in carcinoma pancreas; INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Group Ã¢?? A: NACRT: Group‐A: NACRT FOLLOWED BY SURGERY: Patients will be treated by NACRT followed by surgery. Within two weeks of randomisation, eligible patients will commence neoadjuvant treatment. Patients randomized to NACRT will have bilirubin 2 mg/dl, which will be achieved by ERCP and stenting or percutaneuos transhepatic biliary drainage. Four to six weeks after completion NACRT patients will undergo staging CT scan. If there has been no progression patients will then undergo surgical exploration within two weeks as for Arm B. AT with same regimen, 04 cycles will be administered. Control Intervention1: Group Ã¢?? B Surgery First: Group‐B: UPFRONT SURGERY FOLLOWED BY AT: Patients will treated by upfront surgery followed by AT. Eligible patients will undergo surgical exploration for resection within two weeks of randomisation. Following recovery from successful resection within 12 weeks, patients will undergo adjuvant treatment. The regimen used for NACRT in Group Ã¢?? A will be used for AT for total 06 cycles. Radiotherapy will be given in adjuvant treatment as indicated. CONDITION: Malignant neoplasm of head of pancreas PRIMARY OUTCOME: 1.To assess the response of NACRT in PDAC as per RECIST criteria version 1.1. ; 2.To compare resectability rate and R0 resection rate in two arms. ; 3. Rates of completion of intended multimodality therapy in both arms. ; 5.To compare operative and postoperative complications in patients receiving NACRT followed by surgery with upfront surgery group. ; 6.To evaluate the association between NACRT and changes in body composition and its implication on outcome and post operative outcome.Timepoint: 03 months SECONDARY OUTCOME: To compare operative and postoperative complications in patients receiving NACRT followed by surgery with upfront surgery group. ; To evaluate the association between NACRT and changes in body composition and its implication on outcome and post operative outcome.Timepoint: 03 months INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Age more than or equal to 18 2. ECOG PS < 1 3. Able to comply with protocol requirements and deemed fit for surgical resection, chemotherapy and radiotherapy. 4. Patients diagnosed with early or borderline resectable PDAC as per NCCN guidelines Version 1.2019 5. Histologically or cytologically proven pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma. 6. Able to undergo biliary drainage, ERCP and stenting / PTBD
Randomized multicenter study of neoadjuvant chemoradiation therapy (CRT) alone or in combination with pembrolizumab in patients with resectable or borderline resectable pancreatic cancer; Background Pancreatic cancer (PC) is a challenging target for immunotherapy due to its immune‐suppressive microenvironment. Neoadjuvant chemoradiation (CRT) can increase the presence of tumor‐infiltrating lymphocytes (TILs). We hypothesized that the combination of CRT and pembrolizumab can further expand and activate TILs. Methods Patients with resectable or borderline resectable PC were randomized 2:1 to the investigational treatment (Arm A) of pembrolizumab 200mg IV every 3 weeks concurrently with CRT (capecitabine 825 mg/m2 orally twice daily and radiation 50.4 Gy in 28 fractions over 28 days) or CRT only (Arm B) prior to surgical resection. The primary endpoints were safety and difference in TILs density between Arm A and B assessed using multiplexed immunofluorescence on resected tumor specimens. As a correlate analysis, single cell RNA‐sequencing (scRNA‐seq) was performed to quantify gene expression in T cells from tumors and peripheral blood, and to track expanded T cell clonotypes in these compartments (n=4 patients Arm A; n=3 patients Arm B). The study was amended after enrollment of 37 patients to allow FOLFIRINOX prior to CRT, given changes in standard of care. Results 37 patients were enrolled (24 Arm A, 13 Arm B). After neoadjuvant therapy, 13 patients had unresectable disease (9 on A, 4 on B), and 24 patients underwent surgery and were evaluable for the TILs primary endpoint (17 arm A, 7 arm B). The mean difference (A‐B) in CD8+ T cell density was 36 cells/mm2 (95% CI ‐85 to 157, stdev 130) (p 0.48). Additional analysis did not show significant differences in activated cytotoxic T cells, regulatory T cells, M1‐ or M2‐like polarized macrophages, or granulocytes. The median recurrence free survival (RFS) was 18.2 months on Arm A and 14.1 on Arm B (p 0.41). Overall survival was 27.8 months on Arm A and 24.3 on Arm B (p 0.68) with a median follow up of 2.2 years. The most common grade 3 treatment‐related toxicities were lymphopenia reported in 29% on Arm A and 31% on Arm B, respectively followed by diarrhea in 8% on Arm A attributed to CRT. scRNA‐seq revealed clonal expansion and expression of co‐inhibitory markers among TIL subsets. Conclusions The combination of CRT and pembrolizumab is safe. Preliminary analysis shows that the addition of pembrolizumab to CRT has minimal effects on intratumoral densities of TILs and other immune cell populations. Single cell transcriptome analyses enable in‐depth characterization of the functional responses of T cells to pembrolizumab in the setting of CRT.
Neoadjuvant S-1 with concurrent radiotherapy followed by surgery for borderline resectable pancreatic cancer: study protocol for an open-label, multicentre, prospective phase II trial (JASPAC05); Introduction Borderline resectable pancreatic cancer (BRPC) can involve the portal vein, superior mesenteric vein, superior mesenteric artery, coeliac axis or hepatic artery, and has a high probability of positive surgical margins and poor prognosis after resection. Neoadjuvant chemoradiation is expected to provide substantial local control and prolong survival in patients with BRPC. Methods and analysis This open‐label, multicentre, prospective phase II trial will assess S‐1 with concurrent radiotherapy as preoperative treatment for BRPC. Participants will receive S‐1 (40 mg/m 2 twice daily) and concurrent radiotherapy (50.4 Gy in 28 fractions), with restaging and surgery after 3‐8 weeks. Recruitment will be for a 36‐month period with a minimum 24‐month follow‐up. The primary endpoint is the R0 resection rate for BRPC confirmed with central review. The secondary endpoints are overall survival, disease‐free survival, response rate to neoadjuvant chemoradiation, pathological response rate, 2‐year survival rate, surgical morbidity rate and acute and late toxicity rates. Objectives include quantifying the number of participants per year to evaluate whether randomised trials can be performed for this rare tumour. Ethics and dissemination This trial has been approved by the National Cancer Center Institutional Review Board. Written informed consent will be obtained from all participants. Serious adverse events will be reported to the safety desk of the trial, the Data and Safety Monitoring Board and trial sites. Trial results will be submitted for peer‐reviewed publication. Trial registration number Pre‐results, UMIN000009172.
Adjuvant or neoadjuvant therapy for pancreatic carcinoma?; Whipple's resection for pancreatic cancer is an inadequate procedure and should be regarded as a lumpectomy. Adjuvant treatment should be directed towards local regional and liver recurrences. In the USA, adjuvant treatment after curative Whipple resection is standard procedure, based upon results of the GITSG study in which postoperative radiotherapy and 5‐FU treatment resulted in significantly better survival in 23 patients. Preliminary results of our study in Rotterdam, however, do not seem to confirm these data. In this study, 218 patients were randomly assigned to surgery only or for 40‐Gy radiotherapy and 4 weeks 5‐FU treatment. Another option is neoadjuvant treatment which has theoretic advantages. A number of nonrandomized studies seem to indicate that radiotherapy and 5‐FU treatment may have benefit in pancreatic cancer in a neoadjuvant treatment form. It is not clear which direction to take. Randomized studies are necessary to study the effect of neoadjuvant treatment with radiotherapy and 5‐FU or with regional perfusion of the pancreatic area.
Immunological Gene Signature Associated With the Tumor Microenvironment of Pancreatic Cancer After Neoadjuvant Chemotherapy; OBJECTIVES: Neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NAC) has improved overall survival in patients with pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC), but its effects on immune gene signatures are unknown. Here, we examined the immune transcriptome after NAC for PDAC. METHODS: Resected tumor specimens were obtained from 140 patients with PDAC who received surgery first (n = 93) or NAC (n = 47). Six patients were randomly selected from each group, and RNA was extracted from tumor tissues. We compared 770 immune‐related genes among the 2 groups using nCounterPanCancer Immune Profiling (NanoString Technologies, Seattle, Wash). Gene clusters were classified into 14 immune function groups based on gene ontology argolism by nSolver 4.0 software (NanoString Technologies), and corresponding immune cell function scores were compared. RESULTS: Eleven genes (LY86, SH2D1A, CD247, TIGIT, CR2, CD83, LAMP3, CXCR4, DUSP4, SELL, and IL2RA) were significantly downregulated in the NAC group. Gene expression analysis showed that the functions of regulatory T cells, B cells, and natural killer CD56 dim cells were significantly decreased in the NAC group. CONCLUSIONS: Neoadjuvant chemotherapy may suppress regulatory T cells and B‐cell function in the PDAC microenvironment. The 11 identified genes could be useful for predicting the efficacy of NAC and could be therapeutic targets for PDAC.
A phase-I trial of pre-operative, margin intensive, stereotactic body radiation therapy for pancreatic cancer: the 'SPARC' trial protocol; Background: Standard therapy for borderline‐resectable pancreatic cancer in the UK is surgery with adjuvant chemotherapy, but rates of resection with clear margins are unsatisfactory and overall survival remains poor. Meta‐analysis of single‐arm studies shows the potential of neo‐adjuvant chemo‐radiotherapy but the relative radio‐resistance of pancreatic cancer means the efficacy of conventional dose schedules is limited. Stereotactic radiotherapy achieves sufficient accuracy and precision to enable pre‐operative margin‐intensive dose escalation with the goal of increasing rates of clear resection margins and local disease control. Methods/Design: SPARC is a "rolling‐six" design single‐arm study to establish the maximum tolerated dose for margin‐intensive stereotactic radiotherapy before resection of pancreatic cancer at high risk of positive resection margins. Eligible patients will have histologically or cytologically proven pancreatic cancer defined as borderline‐resectable per National Comprehensive Cancer Network criteria or operable tumour in contact with vessels increasing the risk of positive margin. Up to 24 patients will be recruited from up to 5 treating centres and a 'rolling‐six' design is utilised to minimise delays and facilitate ongoing recruitment during dose‐escalation. Radiotherapy will be delivered in 5 daily fractions and surgery, if appropriate, will take place 5‐6 weeks after radiotherapy. The margin‐intense radiotherapy concept includes a systematic method to define the target volume for a simultaneous integrated boost in the region of tumour‐vessel infiltration, and up to 4 radiotherapy dose levels will be investigated. Maximum tolerated dose is defined as the highest dose at which no more than 1 of 6 patients or 0 of 3 patients experience a dose limiting toxicity. Secondary endpoints include resection rate, resection margin status, response rate, overall survival and progression free survival at 12 and 24 months. Translational work will involve exploratory analyses of the cytological and humoral immunological responses to stereotactic radiotherapy in pancreatic cancer. Radiotherapy quality assurance of target definition and radiotherapy planning is enforced with pre‐trial test cases and on‐trial review. Recruitment began in April 2015. Discussion: This prospective multi‐centre study aims to establish the maximum tolerated dose of pre‐operative margin‐intensified stereotactic radiotherapy in pancreatic cancer at high risk of positive resection margins with a view to subsequent definitive comparison with other neoadjuvant treatment options. Trial registration:ISRCTN14138956. Funded by CRUK
Alliance for clinical trials in oncology (ALLIANCE) trial A021501: preoperative extended chemotherapy vs. chemotherapy plus hypofractionated radiation therapy for borderline resectable adenocarcinoma of the head of the pancreas; Background: Borderline resectable pancreatic cancers infiltrate into adjacent vascular structures to an extent that makes an R0 resection unlikely when pancreatectomy is performed de novo. In a pilot study, Alliance for Clinical Trials in Oncology Trial A021101, the median survival of patients who received chemotherapy and radiation prior to anticipated pancreatectomy was 22 months, and 64% of operations achieved an R0 resection. However, the individual contributions of preoperative chemotherapy and radiation therapy to therapeutic outcome remain poorly defined. Methods: In Alliance for Clinical Oncology Trial A021501, a recently activated randomized phase II trial, patients (N = 134) with a CT or MRI showing a biopsy‐confirmed pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma that meets centrally‐reviewed anatomic criteria for borderline resectable disease will be randomized to receive either 8 cycles of modified FOLFIRINOX (oxaliplatin 85 mg/m2, irinotecan 180 mg/m2, leucovorin 400 mg/m2 and infusional 5‐fluorouracil 2400 mg/m2 over 2 days for 4 cycles) or to 7 cycles of modified FOLFIRINOX followed by stereotactic body radiation therapy (33‐40 Gy in 5 fractions). Patients without evidence of disease progression following preoperative therapy will undergo pancreatectomy and will subsequently receive 4 cycles of postoperative modified FOLFOX6 (oxaliplatin 85 mg/m2, leucovorin 400 mg/m2, bolus 5‐fluorouracil 400 mg/m2, and infusional 5‐fluorouracil 2400 mg/m2 over 2 days for 4 cycles). The primary endpoint is the 18‐month overall survival rate of patients enrolled into each of the two treatment arms. An interim analysis of the R0 resection rate within each arm will be conducted to assess treatment futility after accrual of 30 patients. Secondary endpoints include rates of margin‐negative resection and event‐free survival. The primary analysis will compare the 18‐month overall survival rate of each arm to a historical control rate of 50%. The trial is activated nationwide and eligible to be opened for accrual at any National Clinical Trials Network cooperative group member site. Discussion: This study will help define standard preoperative treatment regimens for borderline resectable pancreatic cancer and position the superior arm for further evaluation in future phase III trials. Trial registration:ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT02839343, registered July 14, 2016.
Efficacy of active hexose correlated compound on survival of patients with resectable/borderline resectable pancreatic cancer: a study protocol for a double-blind randomized phase II study; Background: The prognosis of pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma remains very poor. One possible reason for the short survival of patients with this disease is malnutrition, which can be present at the initial diagnosis, and continue after pancreatectomy. Then, it is important to improve nutritional status and to decrease adverse events during neoadjuvant and adjuvant chemotherapy. Active hexose correlated compound (AHCC) is a standardized extract of cultured Lentinula edodes mycelia, and is considered a potent biological response modifier in the treatment of cancer. To evaluate the survival impact of AHCC on the patients with pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma, we plan to perform this trial. Methods: This is a prospective multicenter phase II trial in patients with resectable/borderline resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma to investigate the efficacy of AHCC regarding survival. Patients will begin taking AHCC or placebo on the first day of neoadjuvant therapy. AHCC or placebo will be continued until 2 years after surgery. The primary endpoint will be 2‐year disease‐free survival. The secondary endpoints are the completion rate, dose intensity, and adverse event profile of preoperative chemotherapy; response rate to preoperative chemotherapy; rate of decrease in tumor marker (carbohydrate antigen 19‐9, carcinoembryonic antigen) concentrations during preoperative chemotherapy; entry rate, completion rate, dose intensity, and adverse event profile of adjuvant chemotherapy; safety of the protocol therapy (adverse effect of AHCC); 2‐year overall survival rate; and nutrition score before and after preoperative chemotherapy, and before and after adjuvant chemotherapy. We will enroll 230 patients, and the study involves eight leading Japanese institutions that are all high‐volume centers in pancreatic surgery. Discussion: AHCC is expected to function as a supportive food in patients with pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma, to reduce the proportion of severe adverse events related to neoadjuvant chemotherapy, and to increase the completion proportion of multimodal treatments, resulting in improved survival. Trial registration: The trial protocol has been registered in the protocol registration system at the Japan Registry of Clinical Trials (Trial ID: jRCTs051200029). At the time of the submission of this paper (October 2020), the protocol version is 2.0. The completion date is estimated to be November 2024.
Adjuvant and neoadjuvant treatment for pancreatic adenocarcinoma in 2006; About 5,300 new cases of pancreatic adenocarcinomas are diagnosed each year in France. At the time of diagnosis, an efficient carcinologic surgery will not be possible for nearly 80% of patients, in relation to locoregional extension or metastatic dissemination. After surgical resection, the median survival of resected patients ranges from 12 to 20 months, with a high rate of loco‐regional or metastatic relapses. Numerous therapeutic trials, adjuvant or neo‐adjuvant, have been conducted in aim of which to improve locoregioanl control and survival rates. Chemotherapy and chemoradiotherapy represent adjuvant treatments. In one trial, a chemotherapy regimen with 5‐fluorouracil and folinic acid (FUFOL) has proven its efficience for survival improvement by comparison to chemoradiotherapy and is at this time the reference treatment in Europe. In another trial, using adjuvant gemcitabine results in an improvement in disease‐free survival. Some phase III trials are in progress to evaluate new therapeutic strategies. The aim of neoadjuvant strategy using chemoradiotherapy is to enhance the rate of complete resections and by the way local control. This is under evaluation. This paper presents a summary of adjuvant and neoadjuvant trials for patients with potentially resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma.
Gemcitabine-nab-paclitaxel as neoadjuvant treatment for resectable and borderline resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma; Objective: Recently, novel chemotherapeutic agents like Nab‐paclitaxel and gemcitabine demonstrated a survival benefit over gemcitabine alone in metastatic pancreatic cancer. However, there are limited results using this chemotherapy in potentially resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma. Our aim is to report the oncological results of patients affected by potentially resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma that underwent surgery after a combination of gemcitabine and nab‐paclitaxel. Methods: A total of 25 patients with pancreatic adenocarcinoma received preoperative gemcitabine plus nabpaclitaxel based chemotherapy. We evaluated the following data: (1) Toxicity related to neoadjuvancy; (2) Tumoral response rate (tumoral size at CT scan, SUV of FDG PET‐CT scan and CA 19.9; (3) Pattern of the treatment failure during neoadjuvancy, including local recurrence, peritoneal dissemination, and distant metastasis; (4) Resection rate; (5) Rate of R0 resection and hiystopathological response to neoadjuvant treatment and (6) Survival and disease free survival. Results: Overall treatment was well tolerated. Treatment resulted in significant antitumoral activity by a statistical decrease of tumoral size (p = 0.04), CA19.9 (p = 0.03) and SUV (p = 0.03). The resection rate was 68% (17/25 patients). All specimens were margin free from disease and 13 of 17 specimens had major pathological regressions. Median survival and median disease free survival of patients that underwent surgery was 30.2 months and 18 months, respectively with a mean follow up of 40 months. Conclusion: This data suggests that nab‐paclitaxel and gemcitabine is a safe and effective neoadjuvant treatment for potentcially resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma. This data should be confirmed in larger, randomized studies.
Multimodality treatment approach for locally advanced pancreatic cancer; Introduction: Pancreatic cancer is the 7th leading cause of cancer‐related death worldwide with 5‐year survival rates of around 5%. Complete surgical resection is the only curative option but only 10‐20% of patients are suitable for it. Probably micro‐metastases at the time of diagnosis are responsible for the poor outcome even after R0 resection, no nodal involvement (pN0), and despite adjuvant treatment. In the last decade the prognosis of this illness has not changed much although some therapeutic improvements have been made. Adjuvant chemotherapy with gemcitabine had some effect on the one‐year survival rate but efficacy is limited. FOLFIRINOX (5‐fluorouracil, oxaliplatin, irinotecan and leucovorin) has become the new standard in advanced disease. But there is only limited experience with FOLFIRINOX in both the neoadjuvant as well as the adjuvant setting. Therefore, prospective clinical trials are needed to investigate the benefit of intensified neoadjuvant and adjuvant chemotherapy regimens for locally advanced pancreatic cancer (LAPC). In addition, innovative local treatments like stereotactic body radiotherapy (SBRT), hyperthermia as well as irreversible electroporation (IRE) have been tried in pancreatic cancer with some promise. Similarly, these approaches should undergo more formal evaluation. Based on these considerations the following studies of a tandem approach to LAPC are being launched. Methods: Trial Design Pancreatic cancer resectability is defined by the absence of metastases and only limited invasion of arteries (SMA, common hepatic artery, celiac trunk) and veins (superior mesenteric vein / portal vein) (Katz et al. 2013, Ann Surg Oncol 20:2787). Only Stage III pancreatic cancer (AJCC ‐ TNM 7th edition) will be enrolled in the study. All cases will be reviewed at the multidisciplinary meeting to confirm eligibility. After obtaining their informed consent patients will receive 4 cycles of FOLFIRINOX chemotherapy. Following reassessment, patients without progression will proceed to local treatment. Diagnostic laparoscopy will be performed to exclude distant metastases. Unresectable tumors up to 4cm will be randomized between stereotactic body radiotherapy (SBRT) (Arm A) versus irreversible electroporation (IRE) (Arm B). Tumors larger than 4cm will be randomized to chemo‐radiation (Intensity modulated radiation therapy: 28 × 2Gy = 56 Gy to the primary tumor and metastatic lymph nodes, 28 × 1.8 Gy = 50.4 Gy to the elective nodal area along with gemcitabine 400mg/m2 weekly) (Arm C) versus the same in combination with hyperthermia (weekly hyperthermia at 41‐43°C over 60min, given 24 hours after gemcitabine) (Arm D). Patients developing metastases or local progression, forbidding continuation of protocol treatment will go off study at any time. One month following local treatment, adjuvant chemotherapy with FOLFIRINOX will be resumed for 8 cycles. Statistical considerations: The expected 1‐year survival rate is 50% (p0) and we expect a clinically relevant difference of +20% (Arms Avs B; Arms C vs. D). Sample size based on Simon's two‐stage minimax design with one‐sided alpha 0.05 and power of 80%, drop‐out rate 10%, is between 24 to 40 per arm; i.e. a total of 96 to 160 patients for the whole program. (Figure Presented).
Preoperative treatment with mFOLFIRINOX or Gemcitabine/Nab-paclitaxel +/- isotoxic high-dose stereotactic body Radiation Therapy (iHD-SBRT) for borderline resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma (the STEREOPAC trial): study protocol for a randomised comparative multicenter phase II trial; Background: For patients with pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC), surgical resection remains the only potentially curative treatment. Surgery is generally followed by postoperative chemotherapy associated with improved survival, yet neoadjuvant therapy is a rapidly emerging concept requiring to be explored and validated in terms of treatment options and oncological outcomes. In this context, stereotactic body radiation (SBRT) appears feasible and can be safely integrated into a neoadjuvant chemotherapy regimen of modified FOLFIRINOX (mFFX) with promising benefits in terms of R0 resection, local control and survival. However, the optimal therapeutic sequence is still not known, especially for borderline resectable PDAC, and the role of adding SBRT to chemotherapy in the neoadjuvant setting needs to be evaluated in randomised controlled trials. The aim of the STEREOPAC trial is to assess the impact and efficacy of adding isotoxic high‐dose SBRT (iHD‐SBRT) to neoadjuvant mFFX or Gemcitabine/Nab‐Paclitaxel (Gem/Nab‐P) in patients with borderline resectable PDAC. Methods: This is a randomised comparative multicentre phase II trial, planning to enrol patients (n = 256) diagnosed with a borderline resectable biopsy‐confirmed PDAC. Patients will receive 4 cycles of mFFX (or 6 doses of Gem/Nab‐P). After full disease restaging, non‐progressive patients will be randomised for receiving either 4 additional mFFX cycles (or 6 doses of Gem/Nab‐P) (Arm A), or 2 mFFX cycles (or 3 doses of Gem/Nab‐P) + iHD‐SBRT (35 to 55 Gy in 5 fractions) + 2 mFFX cycles (or 3 doses of Gem/Nab‐P) (Arm B). Then curative surgery will be performed followed by adjuvant chemotherapy according to patient’s condition. The co‐primary endpoints are R0 resection and disease‐free survival after the complete sequence strategy. The secondary endpoints include resection rate, overall survival, locoregional failure / distant metastasis free interval, pathologic complete response, toxicity, postoperative complications and quality of life assessment. Discussion: This trial will help define the best neoadjuvant treatment sequence for borderline resectable PDAC and aims to evaluate if a total neoadjuvant treatment integrating iHD‐SBRT improves the patients’ oncological outcomes. Trial registration: The study was registered at ClinicalTrails.gov (NCT05083247) on October 19th, 2021, and in the Clinical Trials Information System (CTIS) EU CT database (2022‐501181‐22‐01) on July 2022.
Effect of diabetes and smoking on the pathological response of neoadjuvant therapy in pancreatic adenocarcinoma; Presenter: Syed Omair Nadeem MD | Emory University Background: Increased utilization of neoadjuvant therapy (NT) for pancreatic adenocarcinoma (PDAC) has allowed for potential downsizing of the primary tumor, improved patient selection for curative resection and has demonstrated a safe and efficacious effect on survival of these patients. However, there exists limited data on patient factors that influence pathologic response in patients presenting with PDAC. We sought to explore the effect of diabetes and smoking on the pathologic response of tumors post NT. Methods: Patients with biopsy confirmed PDAC who received NT and underwent pancreaticoduodenectomy between January 2010 and December 2019 at a tertiary care center were reviewed. Surgical pathology reports were reviewed to determine treatment effect. Pathologic tumor response was assessed based on the College of American Pathologists (CAP) grading system. Grades 0‐2 were defined as showing a treatment response while grade 3 was defined as no treatment response. Results: Overall 180 patients underwent pancreaticoduodenectomy at our institution. FOLFIRINOX was the most commonly employed neoadjuvant regimen (n=105, 58.3%) followed by Gemcitabine combination chemotherapy (n=68, 37.8%), while the rest got other treatment regimens. SBRT was utilized in 38 (21.1%) patients, while CRT was utilized in 17 (9.4%) patients. 20 patients (11.0%) had a complete or near complete pathologic response (CAP grade 0, 1 respectively), 53 (29.4%) patients had a partial response (CAP grade 2) and 107 (59.4%) patients had poor or no response to NT (CAP grade 3). Median overall survival was 13.6 months. On univariate analysis for factors predicting pathologic response, a diagnosis of Diabetes was associated with a significantly increased chance of poor or no pathologic response (p=0.033). On multivariate regression analysis, Diabetes again was culpable for predicting poor pathologic response (OR=0.262; 0.109‐0.633, p=0.003). No other patient factors including age, gender, BMI, ethnicity, tobacco‐use or other comorbidities and neoadjuvant treatment options (FOLFIRINOX vs Gemcitabine based therapy) were found to be significant for predicting pathologic tumor response. Despite Diabetes being associated with poor pathologic response, there were no differences in overall survival between diabetics and non‐diabetics using Kaplan‐Meier survival estimates (Figure1). Conclusion: Our results demonstrate that a diagnosis of Diabetes was associated with a significantly increased chance of predicting poor pathologic response to neoadjuvant therapy. This warrants the need for further discussion and randomized controlled trials to study patient factors which influence pathologic response to neoadjuvant therapy, which can help improve patient selection for neoadjuvant treatment. [Formula presented]
A Phase 3 Randomized Clinical Trial of Chemotherapy With or Without Algenpantucel-L (HyperAcute-Pancreas) Immunotherapy in Subjects With Borderline Resectable or Locally Advanced Unresectable Pancreatic Cancer; OBJECTIVES: To compare the efficacy and safety of algenpantucel‐L [HyperAcute‐Pancreas algenpantucel‐L (HAPa); IND# 12311] immunotherapy combined with standard of care (SOC) chemotherapy and chemoradiation to SOC chemotherapy and chemoradiation therapy alone in patients with borderline resectable or locally advanced pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC). SUMMARY BACKGROUND DATA: To date, immunotherapy has not been shown to benefit patients with borderline resectable or locally advanced unresectable PDAC. HAPa is a cancer vaccine consisting of allogeneic pancreatic cancer cells engineered to express the murine α(1,3)GT gene. METHODS: A multicenter, phase 3, open label, randomized (1:1) trial of patients with borderline resectable or locally advanced unresectable PDAC. Patients received neoadjuvant SOC chemotherapy (FOLFIRINOX or gemcitabine/nab‐paclitaxel) followed by chemoradiation (standard group) or the same standard neoadjuvant regimen combined with HAPa immunotherapy (experimental group). The primary outcome was overall survival. RESULTS: Between May 2013 and December 2015, 303 patients were randomized from 32 sites. Median (interquartile range) overall survival was 14.9 (12.2‐17.8) months in the standard group (N = 158) and 14.3 (12.6‐16.3) months in the experimental group (N = 145) [hazard ratio (HR) 1.02, 95% confidence intervals 0.66‐1.58; P = 0.98]. Median progression‐free survival was 13.4 months in the standard group and 12.4 months in the experimental group (HR 1.33, 95% confidence intervals 0.72‐1.78; P = 0.59). Grade 3 or higher adverse events occurred in 105 of 140 patients (75%) in the standard group and in 115 of 142 patients (81%) in the experimental group (P > 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Algenpantucel‐L immunotherapy did not improve survival in patients with borderline resectable or locally advanced unresectable PDAC receiving SOC neoadjuvant chemotherapy and chemoradiation. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT01836432.
YpT0, ypN0, ypM0 resection in locally advanced pancreas ductal adenocarcinoma with synchronous liver metastases, following neoadjuvant chemoradioimmunotherapy and surgery; Background: Pancreatic ductal cancer is a highly lethal disease which is refractory to chemotherapy or radiation. Only 10‐20% of patients are resection candidates as the majority have locally advanced and/or metastatic disease at presentation. There has been some advance in borderline resectable cases treated in the neoadjuvant fashion, however surgery to the primary in the presence of metastatic disease is still considered an absolute contraindication. We would like to illustrate our recent experience deploying multiple axes of therapy combining systemic cytotoxic chemotherapy, radiation and immunotherapy to achieve complete pathological response as proven by surgical resection of the primary and metastatic sites. MaterialseMethodseResultseCase report: A 72 year‐old previously fit and well female was reviewed for symptoms of abdominal discomfort, backache and weight loss. Initial ultrasound (U/S) and subsequent staging by CT, FDG‐PET, laparoscopy and EUS indicated a T4 N1 cancer in the head of the pancreas. The patient underwent laparotomy with view to pancreatoduodenectomy in February 2012. Exploration showed the common hepatic artery and the coeliac axis to be encased by tumour and the patient was deemed inoperable as the results of pancreatoduodenectomy for cancer requiring arterial resection are uniformly reported as poor. Two weeks after recovery from explorative surgery the patient was randomized into a clinical trial of Gemcitabine with or without heat killed whole cell Mycobacterium obuense (IMM101 ‐ NCT 01303172), and allocated to the active arm. CT scanning after 12 weeks showed a RECIST criteria partial response in both the primary and liver metastases. In August 2012, with a Ca19.9 of 38000 U/L, nab‐paclitaxel (Abraxane) was added to Gemcitabine & IMM101. In view of the dramatic response, consolidation chemoradiation to the primary tumour and vascular encasement followed in February 2013 to a dose of 59.4 Gy in 33 fractions with concomitant capecitabine; the patient continued with immunotherapy throughout radiation treatment. Four months post chemoradiotherapy, CT and PET scanning showed no active FDG uptake in either primary tumour or liver, and that the primary tumour appeared to have regressed from the coeliac and common hepatic artery but maintained involvement of the portomesenteric junction. In November 2013 the patient underwent a Whipple's procedure and a left lateral hepatectomy. Detailed histopathological analysis showed a complete pathological response to neoadjuvant therapy in both the primary site and liver metastasis. Conclusion: Complete pathological regression of both primary pancreatic and metastatic disease is exceptionally rare to achieve and a combination of immunotherapy with chemotherapy and/or radiation would potentially aim to increase resection rates and survival outcomes.
Perioperative or only adjuvant gemcitabine plus nab-paclitaxel for resectable pancreatic cancer (NEONAX)-a randomized phase II trial of the AIO pancreatic cancer group; Background: Data on perioperative chemotherapy in resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (rPDAC) are limited. NEONAX examined perioperative or adjuvant chemotherapy with gemcitabine plus nab‐paclitaxel in rPDAC (National Comprehensive Cancer Network criteria). Patients and methods: NEONAX is a prospective, randomized phase II trial with two independent experimental arms. One hundred twenty‐seven rPDAC patients in 22 German centers were randomized 1 : 1 to perioperative (two pre‐operative and four post‐operative cycles, arm A) or adjuvant (six cycles, arm B) gemcitabine (1000 mg/m2) and nab‐paclitaxel (125 mg/m2) on days 1, 8 and 15 of a 28‐day cycle. Results: The primary endpoint was disease‐free survival (DFS) at 18 months in the modified intention‐to‐treat (ITT) population [R0/R1‐resected patients who started neoadjuvant chemotherapy (CTX) (A) or adjuvant CTX (B)]. The pre‐defined DFS rate of 55% at 18 months was not reached in both arms [A: 33.3% (95% confidence interval [CI] 18.5% to 48.1%), B: 41.4% (95% CI 20.7% to 62.0%)]. Ninety percent of patients in arm A completed neoadjuvant treatment, and 42% of patients in arm B started adjuvant chemotherapy. R0 resection rate was 88% (arm A) and 67% (arm B), respectively. Median overall survival (mOS) (ITT population) as a secondary endpoint was 25.5 months (95% CI 19.7‐29.7 months) in arm A and 16.7 months (95% CI 11.6‐22.2 months) in the upfront surgery arm. This difference corresponds to a median DFS (mDFS) (ITT) of 11.5 months (95% CI 8.8‐14.5 months) in arm A and 5.9 months (95% CI 3.6‐11.5 months) in arm B. Treatment was safe and well tolerable in both arms. Conclusions: The primary endpoint, DFS rate of 55% at 18 months (mITT population), was not reached in either arm of the trial and numerically favored the upfront surgery arm B. mOS (ITT population), a secondary endpoint, numerically favored the neoadjuvant arm A [25.5 months (95% CI 19.7‐29.7months); arm B 16.7 months (95% CI 11.6‐22.2 months)]. There was a difference in chemotherapy exposure with 90% of patients in arm A completing pre‐operative chemotherapy and 58% of patients starting adjuvant chemotherapy in arm B. Neoadjuvant/perioperative treatment is a novel option for patients with resectable PDAC. However, the optimal treatment regimen has yet to be defined. The trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT02047513) and the European Clinical Trials Database (EudraCT 2013–005559‐34).
R0-resection following chemotherapy or chemoradiation improves survival of primary inoperable pancreatic cancer patients. Interim results of the CONKO-007 prospective randomized multicenter trial; Introduction: It remains unclear whether patients with initially unresectable pancreatic cancer can achieve resectable status and, if so, whether surgery provides them any additional benefit. Methods: CONKO‐007 is a multicenter, phase III randomized clinical trial which examines the effectiveness of chemoradiotherapy compared to chemotherapy alone after induction chemotherapy in patients with non‐metastatic, initially locally advanced unresectable pancreatic cancer. The present analysis was based on data from the first 180 patients recruited from 2013 to 2015. Results: Induction chemotherapy consisted of gemcitabine in 43 cases and of FOLFIRINOX in 137 cases. After induction chemotherapy, 126/180 patients (70.0%) were randomized to further treatment. The main reasons for non‐randomization were distant metastasis (29.6%), patient request (24.1%), local progression (13.0%) and side effects (13.0%). After completion of study treatment 36 patients (20.0%) underwent surgery and 87 (48.3%) received no surgical treatment. R0 resection was achieved in 25 cases (13.9%) versus exploration or R1/R2/Rx resection in 11 cases (6.1%). Five patients (13.9%) developed postoperative major complications: Bleeding (n = 1), pancreatic fistula (n = 1), wound healing disturbance (n = 1), ileus (n = 1), and insufficiency of gastric anastomosis (n = 1). Mortality was 5.5%. Overall survival was significantly better in the R0 resection group (26.5 months) than in the non‐operated patients (16.5 months) or patients in the exploration or R1/R2/Rx resection group (16.9 months) (p = 0.003). Conclusion: Even if pancreatic cancer is staged as locally advanced unresectable at primary diagnosis, resectability should be reassessed after neoadjuvant treatment. Patients with a good probability of R0 resection should undergo surgery as this significantly improves their prognosis.
A Prospective Randomized Control Study of Neo-adjuvant Chemo Radiation Followed by Surgery versus Upfront Surgery in Resectable and Borderline Resectable Pancreatic Head Cancer: pilot Study; Categories Pancreas ‐ Malignant Abstract Introduction: Feasibility, benefits and challenges of neo‐adjuvant chemoradiotherapy (NACRT) remain unproven in the resource constraint setup of developing countries. Methods: In this single‐centre randomised trial, resectable or borderline resectable pancreatic cancer were randomly assigned to preoperative CRT or upfront surgery. NACRT consisted of 2 cycles of gemcitabine and Nab‐paclitaxel, followed by concurrent oral capecitabine + 25 fractions x 1.8 Gray Radiation, followed by surgery and 4 cycles of adjuvant therapy or upfront surgery and 6 cycles of adjuvant chemotherapy. The primary endpoint was overall survival. Results: From March 2019 to March 2021, 80 patients were randomly assigned into two groups; 41 in NACRT and 39 in upfront surgery. Recurrent cholangitis due to stent block was the foremost reason for dropout. The median overall survival was 18.90 months with neo‐adjuvant and 14.7 months in the upfront surgery group (HR, 0.78; 95% CI, 0.58 to 1.05; P = 0.096). The resection rate was 36/41 (87.80%) in the upfront surgery group versus 14/31 (45.61%) in the NACRT group (p= <0.001). The secondary endpoints favoured NACRT, R0 resection rate, 92.86% vs 75%; P = 0.18, pathologic lymph nodes, 00% vs 30.56%; P = 0.006, perineural invasion, 14.29% vs 36.11%; P = 0.14. Conclusion: The median overall survival and disease free survival showed an advantage with NACRT but did not reach statistical significance. The secondary endpoints favoured neo‐adjuvant treatment, but logistics, multiple visits, prolonged treatment, and financial constraints are some of the main hurdles for developing countries to deliver multimodality treatment.
Gemcitabine/nab-paclitaxel with pamrevlumab: a novel drug combination and trial design for the treatment of locally advanced pancreatic cancer; Purpose Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinomas exhibit a high degree of desmoplasia due to extensive extracellular matrix deposition. Encasement of mesenteric vessels by stroma in locally advanced pancreatic cancer (LAPC) prevents surgical resection. This study sought to determine if the addition of a monoclonal antibody to connective tissue growth factor, pamrevlumab, to neoadjuvant chemotherapy would be safe and lead to improved resectability in this surgically adverse patient population. Methods In this phase I/II trial, 37 patients with LAPC were randomised 2:1 to gemcitabine/nab‐paclitaxel plus (Arm A, n=24) or minus (Arm B, n=13) pamrevlumab. Those who completed six cycles of treatment were assessed for surgical eligibility by protocol‐defined criteria. Resection rates, progression‐free and overall survival were evaluated. Results Eighteen (75%) patients in Arm A and seven (54%) in Arm B completed six cycles of therapy with similar toxicity patterns. In Arms A and B, carbohydrate antigen 19‐9 response, as defined by ≥50% decline from baseline, occurred in 13 (65%) and 5 (42%), respectively. Sixteen (16%) per cent of patients were radiographically downstaged by National Comprehensive Cancer Network criteria (5 in Arm A (21%) and 1 (8%) in Arm B). Positron emission tomography normalised in 9 (38%) vs 3 (23%) of patients in Arm A vs Arm B, respectively, and correlated with surgical exploration. Eligibility for surgical exploration was 17 (71%) vs 2 (15%) (p=0.0019) and resection was achieved in 8 (33%) vs 1 (8%) of patients in Arm A vs Arm B (p=0.1193), respectively. Postoperative complication rates were not different between arms. Conclusions Neoadjuvant chemotherapy with pamrevlumab holds promise for enhancing resection rates in patients with LAPC without added toxicity. This combination merits evaluation in a larger patient cohort.
Phase i study of nab-paclitaxel plus gemcitabine as neoadjuvant therapy for borderline resectable pancreatic cancer; Background/Aim: The aim of this study was to investigate the safety and feasibility of neoadjuvant nabpaclitaxel plus gemcitabine therapy for patients with borderline resectable pancreatic carcinoma (BRPC). Patients and Methods: The study was a prospective single‐center phase I trial for patients with BRPC. The primary endpoint was the toxicity, and secondary endpoints were the resection rate, the R0 resection rate and quality of life (QOL) regarding the peripheral sensory neuropathy (PSN). This trial was registered on the UMIN Clinical Trials Registry (UMIN000018382) and on ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT02506803). Results: The overall rate of any grade and grade 3‐4 events (CTCAE ver. 4.0 criteria) were 100% and 90%. The majority of these adverse events represented expected neutropenia. The resection and R0 resection rates were 80% and 70%, respectively. Conclusion: We found that neoadjuvant nab‐paclitaxel plus gemcitabine therapy was safe and feasible without stringent selection of patients with BRPC.
LBA62 Preoperative modified FOLFIRINOX (mFOLFIRINOX) with or without chemoradiation (CRT) in borderline resectable pancreatic cancer (BRPC): results from the randomized phase II trial PANDAS/PRODIGE 44; Background: The role and the safety of CRT following mFOLFIRINOX administration in BRPC is unknown. Methods: Patients (pts) with ECOG PS 0/1 and BRPC defined according to centrally‐reviewed radiographic NCCN criteria received neoadjuvant mFOLFIRINOX for 4 cycles. Those who had tumour controlled at restaging were randomized between two additional cycles of mFOLFIRINOX (arm A) alone or followed by a CRT (50.4 Gy in 28 fractions with capecitabine 825mg/m2 BID 5 days a week) prior to surgery. Patients without disease progression then underwent a pancreatectomy and adjuvant chemotherapy for 3 months (gemcitabine or 5‐FU/folinic acid before 6/2008, mFOLFIRINOX thereafter). The primary endpoint was R0 resection (ITT analysis). Main secondary endpoints were overall survival (OS), locoregional relapse‐free survival, metastasis‐free survival and toxicity. Results: Among the 248 patients who were assessed for eligibility, 139 patients had a BRPC according to external radiographic review. Hundred and thirty patients were enrolled and 110 patients were finally randomized (54 pts arm A; 56 pts arm B). Median age (A: 66y, B: 61y), median CA 19‐9 level (A: 65 U/ml, B: 169 U/ml) and ECOG PS (A: 62% PS 0, B: 52% PS 0) of registered pts were similar between arms. Thirty pts did not have a pancreatic resection due to tumor progression (7 pts arm A; 13 pts arm B), unresectable disease (1 pt arm A), physician or pt decision (4 pts arm A, 1 pt arm B), adverse event (1 in each arm), COVID‐19 infection (1 pt arm A), or death (1 pt arm B). Thirty‐seven pts (69%) in arm A and 31 pts (55%) in arm B had tumor resection. R0 resection was achieved in 20/37 pts (54.1%) in arm A and 18/31 pts (58.1%) in arm B. ypCR was observed in 3 pts (8.1%) in arm A and 9 (29%) in arm B. The median OS was 32.8 months (95%CI: 22.7 – 55.4) in arm A and 30 months (95%CI: 16.5 – nr) in arm B. Among pts who underwent pancreatectomy, the median OS was 35.7 months (95%CI: 22.2 – 55.4) and 47.9 months (95%CI: 23.3 – nr) in arm A and B, respectively. Conclusions: Neoadjuvant mFOLFIRINOX was associated with favorable OS but mFOLFIRINOX with conventional CRT did not improve R0 nor OS compared to mFOLFIRINOX without preoperative CRT in patients with BRPC. Clinical trial identification: NCT02676349. Legal entity responsible for the study: T. Conroy. Funding: PRODIGE (Partenariat de Recherche en Oncologie Digestive) 44 was supported by R&D Unicancer and a Clinical Research Hospital Program grant (PHRC) from the French Ministry of Health. Disclosure: A. Lambert: Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Amgen, Servier, AstraZeneca, MSD, Merck, AAA, Deciphera. J. Bachet: Financial Interests, Personal, Other, consultancy: AbbVie; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Consultancy: Acobiom; Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: Amgen, Leo Pharma, Viatris; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Bayer, Biomunex, BMS, GSK, Merck Serono, MSD, Pierre Fabre, Servier, Takeda; Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant: Daichi, AstraZeneca, Roche. All other authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
External Validity of the Multicenter Randomized PREOPANC Trial on Neoadjuvant Chemoradiotherapy in Pancreatic Cancer: outcome of Eligible but Nonrandomized Patients; OBJECTIVES: To investigate the accrual proportion and patients' reasons for not participating in the PREOPANC trial on neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy versus immediate surgery in resectable and borderline resectable pancreatic cancer, and to compare these patients' outcomes with those of patients who had been randomized in the trial. SUMMARY OF BACKGROUND DATA: The external validity of multicenter randomized trials in cancer treatment has been criticized for suboptimal non‐representative inclusion. In trials, it is unclear how outcomes compare between randomized and nonrandomized patients. METHODS: At 8 of 16 participant centers, this multicenter observational study identified validation patients, who had been eligible but not randomized during recruitment for the PREOPANC trial. We assessed the accrual proportion, investigated their most common reasons for not participating in the trial, and compared resection rates, radical (R0) resection rates, and overall survival between the validation patients and PREOPANC patients, who had been randomized in the trial to immediate surgery. RESULTS: In total, 455 patients had been eligible during the recruitment period, 151 of whom (33%) had been randomized. Fifty‐five percent of the 304 validation patients had refused to participate. Median overall survival in the validation group was 15.2 months, against 15.5 months in the PREOPANC group (P = 1.00). The respective resection rates (76% vs 73%) and R0 resection rates (51% vs 46%) did not differ between the groups. CONCLUSIONS: The PREOPANC trial included a reasonable percentage of 33% of eligible patients. In terms of the outcomes survival, resection rate, and R0 resection rate, this appeared to be a representative group.
A phase II trial of two durations of Bevacizumab added to neoadjuvant gemcitabine for borderline and locally advanced pancreatic cancer; BACKGROUND: We report the results of a phase II trial of adding the anti‐ascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) bevacizumab to gemcitabine neoadjuvant chemotherapy for patients with borderline and unresectable non‐metastatic pancreatic cancer. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Patients were assigned to one of the two treatment arms. Both groups received 1,000 mg/m(2) gemcitabine on days 1, 8, and 15 of a 4‐week cycle for a total of four cycles. Group 1 received 5 mg/kg bevacizumab for six weeks (three doses), every second week, starting at week 6 of gemcitabine therapy. Group 2 received 5 mg/kg bevacizumab for 12 weeks (six doses), every second week, starting at week 1 of gemcitabine therapy. The objective of the present study was to assess the rate of complete radical resection and overall survival. RESULTS: A total of 30 patients were enrolled: 19 patients had unresectable and 11 patients had borderline‐resectable pancreatic cancer. Eleven patients (37%) underwent resection. The median overall survival of patients who underwent tumor resection was 13 months (95% confidence interval=11‐15 months). CONCLUSION: In general, adding bevacizumab to neoadjuvant gemcitabine does not improve outcomes for patients with locally advanced pancreatic cancer. However, in individual cases, surgery is consequently possible and prolonged survival may be observed.
Impact of treatment duration of neoadjuvant FIRINOX in patients with borderline resectable pancreatic cancer: a pilot trial; Purpose: The aim of this pilot study is to confirm the safety and efficacy of neoadjuvant therapy and also treatment duration efficacy using modified FOLFIRINOX for patients with borderline resectable pancreatic cancer (BRPC). Methods: The study is a prospective multicenter pilot trial conducted on patients with BRPC. Intervention for clinical trials: Modified FOLFIRINOX (without bolus 5‐FU and LV, also decreased the dose of irinotecan; FIRINOX) was given to the first five patients in the 4‐cycle group of the regimen and next five patients in the 8‐cycle group. The primary end point was the toxicity of the therapy and one of the secondary end points were the optimal duration. Results: The overall rate of grade 3 and 4 events was 80 %: 3 patients (60 %) in the four‐cycle group and five patients (100 %) in the eight‐cycle group had grade 3 or 4 adverse events. There was no incidence of serious adverse effect such as febrile neutropenia, sepsis, liver abscess or uncontrollable diarrhea. There was no clinically relevant morbidity presented in patients who underwent surgery. R0 rates by intention to treat were 60.0 % in the four‐cycle group and 40 % in the eight‐cycle group (P = 0.999). The histopathologic treatment effect based on the Evans grade revealed grade I (n = 1), IIa (n = 3) in the four‐cycle group and grade I (n = 2), IIa (n = 1) in the eight‐cycle group. Conclusions: FIRINOX therapy was feasible and safe for strictly selected patients with BRPC. Four cycles of FIRINOX would be sufficient for patients with BRPC as neoadjuvant therapy.
Long-term survival after pancreatic cancer treatment; Pancreatic cancer is a nearly lethal disease. Patients have such a poor prognosis because there are no early symptoms. Upon presentation, most patients already have regional and systemic spread of the disease. With cure rates below 3%, long‐term survival is difficult to measure. Thus, the assessment of clinical benefit has been based not only on observed 5‐year survival but more frequently on actuarial, median, and disease‐free survival. Surgery remains the only hope for cure, but median survival remains low despite improvements in peri‐ and postoperative treatment of complications and sharp decreases in perioperative morbidity and mortality. The addition of adjuvant chemo‐ and radiotherapy has provided a survival advantage of 6 to 10 months (increasing median survival to 20 months). However, the long‐term benefit, if any, is still to be determined. Neoadjuvant therapies are also undergoing evaluation, but their role has not yet been established. True long‐term survival may ultimately depend on the development of screening tools that will allow early detection (before regional and systemic spread) of this lethal disease. © 2007 Excerpta Medica Inc. All rights reserved.
Isotoxic high-dose stereotactic body radiotherapy (iHD-SBRT) for the treatment of non-metastastic pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma and the randomised phase II STEREOPAC trial; For patients with borderline resectable (BR) pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC), the use of neoadjuvant therapies before surgery is an emerging concept and the optimal therapeutic sequence to be employed for obtaining a chance of cure remains unknown. Based on the studies recently published by our team and which will be summarized in this article, we demonstrated that high‐dose isotoxic stereotactic body radiation therapy (iHD‐SBRT) can be safely integrated into a neoadjuvant chemotherapy regimen with promising benefits in terms of R0 resection (R0=complete resection), local control and survival. In this context, we designed and launched the phase II multicenter randomized controlled trial, STEREOPAC, whose objective is to evaluate the impact of the addition of iHD‐SBRT to neoadjuvant chemotherapy in 256 patients with BR pancreatic cancer. After 4 cycles of mFOLFIRINOX (mFFX; or 6 doses of Gemcitabine/ nab‐paclitaxel [Gem/Nab‐P] in case of intolerance), non‐progressive patients will be randomized to receive: 1/ 4 additional cycles of mFFX (or 6 doses of Gem/Nab‐P) (arm A), or 2/ 2 cycles of mFFX (or 3 doses of Gem/Nab‐P) + iHD‐SBRT (35 to 55Gy in 5 fractions) + 2 cycles of mFFX (or 3 doses of Gem/Nab‐P) (arm B). Then, curative surgery will be performed followed by adjuvant chemotherapy depending on the general condition of the patient. The co‐primary endpoints of the trial are R0 resection and disease‐free survival after the full treatment strategy. Therefore, the STEREOPAC trial will help define the best neoadjuvant strategy for patients with BR PDAC and aims to assess whether the integration of iHD‐SBRT can improve the oncological results of these patients.
Liposomal irinotecan in the treatment of refractory pancreatic cancer; Effective therapies against metastatic pancreatic cancer remain limited, and despite treatment, many will ultimately progress. Previously, few options were available for second line therapy in metastatic pancreatic cancer. Liposomal encapsulated irinotecan, in combination with leucovorin‐modulated fluorouracil, was found to significantly increase overall survival in patients who have progressed after gemcitabine‐based therapy in a large, international, randomized clinical trial (NAPOLI‐1). We reviewed the background of systemic therapy for metastatic pancreatic cancer, examined putative mechanisms for the success of encapsulated drugs, and identified recent patent applications on the use of liposomal irinotecan in pancreatic cancer. The landmark NAPOLI‐1 trial established a second‐line option for those with metastatic pancreatic cancer refractory to gemcitabine chemotherapy, but effective therapies with long duration of response are still lacking. Alternative techniques targeting key driver genes in pancreatic cancer and novel methods of early detection and targeting drugs are currently being explored. How liposomal irinotecan can be integrated into chemotherapy regimens, including neoadjuvant or first line combinations, are currently being tested in clinical trials and covered by several new patent applications.
Surgical Outcome Results From SWOG S1505: a Randomized Clinical Trial of mFOLFIRINOX Versus Gemcitabine/Nab-paclitaxel for Perioperative Treatment of Resectable Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma; OBJECTIVE: The optimal neoadjuvant therapy for resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDA) and the impact on surgical outcomes remains unclear. METHODS: S1505 (NCT02562716) was a randomized phase II study of perioperative chemotherapy with mFOLFIRINOX (Arm 1) or gemcitabine/nab‐paclitaxel (Arm 2). Measured parameters included resection rate, margin positivity, pathologic response, and toxicity. RESULTS: Between 2015 and 2018, 147 patients were randomized. Of these, 44 (30%) were deemed ineligible (43 by central review). Of the 103 eligible patients, 77 (76%) completed preoperative therapy and underwent surgery; reasons patients did not undergo surgery included toxicity related to preoperative therapy (n = 9), progression (n = 9), or other (n = 7). Of the 77, 73 (95%) underwent successful resection; 21 (29%) required vascular reconstruction, 62 (85%) had negative (R0) margins, and 24 (33%) had a complete or major pathologic response to therapy. The grade 3‐5 postoperative complication rate was 16%. Of the 73 patients completing surgery, 57 (78%) started and 46 (63%) completed postoperative therapy. This study represents the first prospective trial evaluating modern systemic therapy delivered in a neoadjuvant/perioperative format for resectable PDA. CONCLUSIONS: We have demonstrated: (1) Based on the high percentage of enrolled, but ineligible patients, it is clear that adherence to strict definitions of resectable PDA is challenging; (2) Patients can tolerate modern systemic therapy and undergo successful surgical resection without prohibitive perioperative complications; (3) Completion of adjuvant therapy in the perioperative format is difficult; (4) Major pathologic response rate of 33% is encouraging.
Surgery versus radiochemotherapy for resectable locally invasive pancreatic cancer: final results of a randomized multi-institutional trial; PURPOSE: Although the outcome of surgery for locally advanced pancreatic cancer remains poor, it is improving, with 5‐year survival up to about 10% in Japan. The preliminary results of our multi‐institutional randomized controlled trial revealed better survival after surgery than after radiochemotherapy. We report the final results of this study after 5 years of follow‐up. METHODS: Patients with preoperative findings of pancreatic cancer invading the pancreatic capsule without involvement of the superior mesenteric or common hepatic arteries, or distant metastasis, were included in this randomized controlled trial, with their consent. If the laparotomy findings were consistent with these criteria, the patient was randomized to a surgery group or a radiochemotherapy group (5‐fluorouracil 200 mg/m2/day and 5040 Gy radiotherapy). We compared the mean survival time, 3‐and 5‐year survival rates, and hazard ratio. RESULTS: The surgery and radiochemotherapy groups comprised 20 and 22 patients, respectively. Patients were followed up for 5 years or longer, or until an event occurred to preclude this. The surgery group had significantly better survival than the radiochemotherapy group (P<0.03). Surgery increased the survival time and 3‐year survival rate by an average of 11.8 months and 20%, respectively, and it halved the instantaneous mortality (hazard) rate. CONCLUSION: Locally invasive pancreatic cancer without distant metastases or major arterial invasion is treated most effectively by surgical resection.
Comparison of survival for metastatic pancreatic cancer patients treated with CPI-613 versus resected borderline-resectable pancreatic cancer patients; Introduction: Treatment of advanced pancreatic adenocarcinoma remains suboptimal. Therapeutic agents with a novel mechanism of action are desperately needed; one such novel agent is CPI‐613 targets. We here analyze the outcomes of 20 metastatic pancreatic cancer patients treated with CPI‐613 and FOLFIRINOX in our institution and evaluate their outcomes to borderline‐resectable patients treated with curative surgery. Methods: A post hoc analysis was performed of the phase I CPI‐613 trial data (NCT03504423) comparing survival outcomes to borderline‐resectable cases treated with curative resection at the same institution. Survival was measured by overall survival (OS) for all study cases and disease‐free survival (DFS) for resected cases with progression‐free survival for CPI‐613 cases. Results: There were 20 patients in the CPI‐613 cohort and 60 patients in the surgical cohort. Median follow‐up times were 441 and 517 days for CPI‐613 and resected cases, respectively. There was no difference in survival times between CPI‐613 and resected cases with a mean OS of 1.8 versus 1.9 year (p = 0.779) and mean PFS/DFS of 1.4 versus 1.7 years (p = 0.512). There was also no difference in 3‐year survival rates for OS (hazard ratio [HR] = 1.063, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.302–3.744, p = 0.925) or DFS/PFS (HR = 1.462, 95% CI 0.285–7.505, p = 0.648). Conclusion: The first study to evaluate the survival between metastatic patients treated with CPI‐613 versus borderline‐resectable cases undergoing curative resection. Analysis revealed no significant differences in survival outcomes between the cohorts. Study results are suggestive that there may be potential utility with the addition of CPI‐613 to potentially resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma, although additional research with more comparable study groups are required.
Neoadjuvant therapy versus upfront surgery for borderline-resectable pancreatic cancer; BACKGROUND: Neoadjuvant therapy is recommended for patients with borderline‐resectable pancreatic cancer (BRPC). In this study, we compare survival outcomes of neoadjuvant therapy with upfront surgery. METHODS: From January 2011 to June 2016, 1415 patients underwent treatments for pancreatic cancer in Samsung Medical Center. Among them, 112 (7.9%) patients were categorized as BRPC by the NCCN 2016 guideline. They were classified by type of initial treatments into neoadjuvant group (NA, N.=26) and upfront surgery group (US, N.=86). RESULTS: The median survival duration of all patients was 18.3 months. Patients in the NA group had more T4 disease than those in the US group (38.5% in NA versus 15.1% in the US group; P=0.010). Arterial involvement was more frequent in the NA group (42.3% versus 15.1%; P=0.003). In the NA group, ten (38.5%) patients underwent surgery, and seven of them had complete R0 resection. In the US group, 83 (96.5%) patients received radical surgery, and 42 (48.8%) had R0 resection. In survival analysis according to intent to treat, the overall two‐year survival rate was 51.1% in the US group and 36.7% in the NA group (P=0.001). However, among patients who underwent surgery (N.=96), the two‐year overall survival rate was not significantly different between the two groups (P=0.089). According to involved vessels, the survival rate was not different between patients with arterial or both arterial and venous involvement and in patients with only venous involvement (P=0.649). CONCLUSIONS: It is necessary to demonstrate the efficacy of neoadjuvant therapy and to standardize the regimens through large‐scale, multicenter, randomized controlled studies.
IMPACT OF EXTENDED ANTIBIOTIC USE AFTER PANCREATICODUODENECTOMY FOR PATIENTS WITH PREOPERATIVE METALLIC BILIARY STENTING TREATED WITH NEOADJUVANT CHEMOTHERAPY; INTRODUCTION: Pancreaticoduodenectomy (PD) remains a complex surgical procedure with infectious complications affecting approximately 35% of patients. Patients who undergo biliary drainage with metal stent placement prior to neoadjuvant treatment (NAT) are thought to have a higher infection rate following PD, and longer duration of peri‐operative antibiotic are proposed to be protective. The aim of the current study is to evaluate the differences in postoperative infectious complications in patients undergoing PD between two groups receiving short‐ and long‐term peri‐operative courses of antibiotics. METHODS: A retrospective institutional pancreatic cancer database was queried for patients who had a metal biliary stent placed prior to NAT initiation, followed by subsequent PD between 2014‐2021. Duration of postoperative prophylactic antibiotics was defined as short (SC: ≤24 hrs.) or extended (EC: 3‐7 days). Outcomes of interest included superficial surgical site infection (SSI) and deep organ SSI. RESULTS: Two hundred and eighty‐one (n=281) patients were identified of which the majority (n=205, 72.9%) received a short course of antibiotics postoperatively. Baseline characteristics were similar between the two cohorts including age, sex, BMI, and comorbidity index. EC patients received more NAT cycles (4 vs. 3, p<0.001 and underwent an open PD more frequently (61.8% vs. 41.0%, p=0.002). Superficial SSI occurred in 38 (18.5%) SC patients vs. 6 (7.9%) EC, (p=0.029) while 20 patients (9.8%) developed deep organ SSI compared to 3 (3.9%), (p= 0.231; SC vs. EC, respectively). Additionally, the SC cohort demonstrated higher incidence of major complications (Clavien‐ Dindo≥3: 51 [24.9%] vs. 9 [11.8%], p=0.018) and had a longer length of stay (7 days vs. 6 days, p=0.017). No difference in Colistridum Difficile infection rate was seen between both cohorts 9 (4.4%) vs. 4 (5.3%), (p=0.757; SC vs EC, respectively). On logistic regression model examining factors associated with superficial SSI, higher BMI (continuous variable) was associated with increased odds of superficial SSI (OR: 1.07 [95%CI: 1.01, 1.13], p= 0.010), while EC was protective (OR: 0.39 [95%CI: 0.15, 0.97], p=0.045). CONCLUSIONS: This data suggest that an extended course of perioperative antibiotic might correlate with reduction in superficial SSI following PD in patients with metal biliary stent placed prior to NAT course. These results require validation in a randomized clinical trial examining a larger cohort of patients and comparing the types of peri‐operative antibiotics administered. (Table Presented)
A prospective study of intensity-modified radiation therapy in comparison with conventional 3D-RT for BR pancreatic cancer patients with arterial involvement; Background/Aim: Intensity‐modulated radiation therapy (IMRT) is a form of radiation therapy that allows accurate irradiation with reduced damage to surrounding tissues. Here, we analyzed borderline‐resectable pancreatic cancer (BRPC) with arterial abutment (BR‐A) patients with IMRT as neoadjuvant therapy and performed comparisons with patients with conventional RT to clarify the advantages of IMRT as a neoadjuvant therapy. Patients and Methods: Thirty BR‐A patients treated at our hospital between January 2012 and December 2015 were divided into two groups: 12 patients underwent conventional 3D‐RT before resection (RT group); and 18 patients underwent IMRT before resection (IMRT group). We analyzed safety, tumor resection rate, histological classification of the tumor and overall survival. Results: The R0 rate was 84% for the IMRT group and 83% for the RT group. Local therapeutic effects as assessed by Evans classification showed a higher local control rate in the IMRT group (Grade: 1, 0%; 2a, 25%; 2b, 41.6%; 3, 17%; 4, 8%) than in the RT group (Grade: 1, 17%; 2a, 50%; 2b, 17%; 3, 17%; 4, 0%). The cumulative dose of S1 treatment as adjuvant therapy was much smaller in the RT group (18.3%) compared to that in the IMRT group (57.1%, p=0.047), and with better subsequent overall survival rate (MST 32 months vs. 13.8 months, p=0.0273). Conclusion: The IMRT group showed a better control rate than the RT group. The neoadjuvant IMRT has advantages of higher completion rate of adjuvant chemotherapy with better nutritional status and better subsequent overall survival rate (OS).
Trial protocol: a randomised controlled trial to verify the non-inferiority of a partially covered self-expandable metal stent to an uncovered self-expandable metal stent for biliary drainage during neoadjuvant therapy in patients with pancreatic cancer with obstructive jaundice (PUN-NAC trial); Introduction Neoadjuvant chemotherapy or neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy (NAC/NACRT) for resectable/borderline resectable pancreatic cancers was recently performed to improve clinical outcomes and led to good results, although it remains controversial whether NAC/NACRT is beneficial for resectable pancreatic cancer. A few recent studies revealed longer patency and lower cost related to the stent occlusion of a metal stent than those of a plastic stent during NAC/NACRT. It also remains controversial which type of self‐expandable metal stent (SEMS) is the most suitable for patients with resectable/borderline resectable pancreatic cancer during NAC/NACRT: an uncovered SEMS (USEMS), a fully covered SEMS (FCSEMS) or a partially covered SEMS (PCSEMS). So far, two randomised controlled trials indicated that a USEMS and an FCSEMS were similar in preoperative stent dysfunction and adverse event rate. Thus, we aimed to verify the non‐inferiority of a PCSEMS to a USEMS in this multicentre randomised controlled trial. Methods and analysis We designed a multicentre randomised controlled trial, for which we will recruit 100 patients with resectable/borderline resectable pancreatic cancer and distal biliary obstruction scheduled for NAC/NACRT from 13 high‐volume institutions. Patients will be randomly allocated to the PCSEMS group or USEMS group. The primary outcome measure is the preoperative biliary event rate. Data will be analysed after completion of the study. We will calculate the 95% CIs of the incidence of preoperative biliary events in each group and analyse whether the difference between them is within the non‐inferiority margin (10%). Ethics and dissemination This study has been approved by the institutional review board of Hokkaido University Hospital. The results will be submitted for presentation at an international medical conference and published in a peer‐reviewed journal. Trial registration number UMIN000041737; jRCT1012200002.
Alliance for clinical trials in oncology trial A021501: preoperative extended chemotherapy vs. chemotherapy plus hypofractionated radiation therapy for borderline resectable adenocarcinoma of the head of the pancreas; Background: Borderline resectable pancreatic cancers infiltrate into adjacent vascular structures to an extent that makes an R0 resection unlikely when pancreatectomy is performed de novo. In a pilot study, Alliance for Clinical Trials in Oncology Trial A021101, the median survival of patients who received chemotherapy and radiation prior to anticipated pancreatectomy was 22 months, and an R0 resection was achieved in 64% of operations. However, the individual contributions of preoperative chemotherapy and radiation therapy are poorly defined.This study, Alliance for Clinical Oncology Trial A021501, will help define a standard preoperative treatment regimen for borderline resectable pancreatic cancer and position the superior arm for further evaluation in future phase III trials. Methods: In this recently activated randomized phase II trial, 134 patients with a biopsy‐confirmed pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma that meets centrally‐reviewed radiographic criteria for borderline resectable disease are randomized to receive either 8 cycles of modified FOLFIRINOX (oxaliplatin 85 mg/m2 , irinotecan 180 mg/m2 , leucovorin 400 mg/m2 and infusional 5‐fluorouracil 2400 mg/m2 for 4 cycles) or to 7 cycles of modified FOLFIRINOX followed by stereotactic body radiation therapy (33‐40 Gy in 5 fractions). Patients without evidence of disease progression following preoperative therapy undergo pancreatectomy and subsequently receive 4 cycles of postoperative modified FOLFOX6 (oxaliplatin 85 mg/m2 , leucovorin 400 mg/m2 and infusional 5‐fluorouracil 2400 mg/m2 for 4 cycles). The primary endpoint is the 18‐month overall survival rate of patients enrolled into each of the two treatment arms. An interim analysis of the R0 resection rate within each arm will be conducted to assess treatment futility after accrual of 30 patients. Secondary endpoints include rates of margin‐negative resection and event‐free survival. The trial is activated nationwide and eligible to be opened for accrual at any National Clinical Trials Network cooperative group member site.
Neoadjuvant plus adjuvant or only adjuvant nab-paclitaxel plus gemcitabine for resectable pancreatic cancer - The NEONAX trial (AIO-PAK-0313), a prospective, randomized, controlled, phase II study of the AIO pancreatic cancer group; Background: Even clearly resectable pancreatic cancer still has an unfavorable prognosis. Neoadjuvant or perioperative therapies might improve the prognosis of these patients. Thus, evaluation of perioperative chemotherapy in resectable pancreatic cancer in a prospective, randomized trial is warranted. A substantial improvement in overall survival of patients with metastatic pancreatic cancer with FOLFIRINOX and nab‐paclitaxel/gemcitabine vs standard gemcitabine has been demonstrated in phase III‐trials. Indeed nab‐paclitaxel/gemcitabine has a more favorable toxicity profile compared to the FOLFIRINOX protocol and appears applicable in a perioperative setting. Methods: NEONAX is an interventional, prospective, randomized, controlled, open label, two sided phase II study with an unconnected analysis of the results in both experimental arms against a fixed survival probability (38% at 18 months with adjuvant gemcitabine), NCT02047513. NEONAX will enroll 166 patients with resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (≤ cT3, N0 or N1, cM0) in two arms: Arm A (perioperative arm): 2 cycles nab‐paclitaxel (125 mg/m2)/gemcitabine (1000 mg/m2, d1, 8 and 15 of an 28 day‐cycle) followed by tumor surgery followed by 4 cycles nab‐paclitaxel/gemcitabine, Arm B (adjuvant arm): tumor surgery followed by 6 cycles nab‐paclitaxel/gemcitabine. The randomization (1:1) is eminent to avoid allocation bias between the groups. Randomization is stratified for tumor stage (ct1/2 vs. cT3) and lymph node status (cN0 vs. cN1). Primary objective is disease free survival (DFS) at 18 months after randomization. Key secondary objectives are 3‐year overall survival (OS) rate and DFS rate, progression during neoadjuvant therapy, R0 and R1 resection rate, quality of life and correlation of DFS, OS and tumor regression with pharmacogenomic markers, tumor biomarkers and molecular analyses (ctDNA, transcriptome, miRNA‐arrays). In addition, circulating tumor‐DNA will be analyzed in patients with the best and the worst responses to the neoadjuvant treatment. The study was initiated in March 2015 in 26 centers for pancreatic surgery in Germany. Discussion: The NEONAX trial is an innovative study on resectable pancreatic cancer and currently one of the largest trials in this field of research. It addresses the question of the role of intensified perioperative treatment with nab‐paclitaxel plus gemcitabine in resectable pancreatic cancers to improve disease‐free survival and offers a unique potential for translational research. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT02047513, 08/13/2014.
Survival outcomes of neoadjuvant versus adjuvant chemotherapy in early-stage pancreatic adenocarcinoma: a subgroup analysis of the National Cancer Database; Background: Early‐stage disease is diagnosed in 10‐20% of patients with pancreatic adenocarcinoma (PAC). The current standard of care is upfront surgery followed by adjuvant chemotherapy (AC). The administration of the latter may be limited due to postoperative complications. The aim of this study is to determine the subgroups of patients with earlystage PAC who derive maximum benefit of neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NAC). Methods:Using the National Cancer Database 2004‐15, we identified 20,003 patients with clinical stage I or II PAC who had surgery and received chemotherapy in any sequence. The baseline characteristics were compared using Pearson's chi‐square test between patients who received NAC versus AC. A separate multivariate Cox‐proportional Hazard regression analysis was done for each subgroup to identify patients with the maximum survival benefit from NAC. Hazard ratio (HR) < 1 connotes survival benefit in favor of NAC. Results: Of the study population, 24% of the patients received NAC. The patients in the NAC group had more PAC of head (80% vs 73%), stage II disease (72% vs 53%), CA19‐9 levels 50 U/ml (66% vs 59%), multiagent chemotherapy (68% vs 27%) and were treated at an academic facility (66% vs 52%) compared to the AC group. The p‐value was < 0.001 for all comparisons. The age and sex distribution were similar in both groups. On multivariate survival analysis in the overall population, NAC had improved survival compared to AC (HR 0.88 95%CI 0.82‐0.93, p < 0.001). Subgroup multivariate survival analysis is shown in the table. Conclusions: In early stage PAC, there is a trend towards survival benefit of NAC compared to AC in most subgroups. The maximum benefit is seen in younger patients with Stage II disease, high CA19‐9 levels and fewer comorbidities who receive multiagent chemotherapy. This finding may partly be explained by better tolerability of preoperative compared to postoperative chemotherapy. A randomized clinical trial is needed to establish the optimal chemotherapy timing in patients with earlystage PAC who are treated with curative intent. (Table Presented) .
Regional Chemotherapy in Locally Advanced Pancreatic Cancer: RECLAP Trial; BACKGROUND: Pancreatic cancer is the fourth leading cause of cancer death in the United States. Surgery offers the only chance for cure. However, less than twenty percent of patients are considered operative candidates at the time of diagnosis. A common reason for being classified as unresectable is advanced loco‐regional disease.A review of the literature indicates that almost nine hundred patients with pancreatic cancer have received regional chemotherapy in the last 15 years. Phase I studies have shown regional administration of chemotherapy to be safe. The average reported response rate was approximately 26%. The average 1‐year survival was 39%, with an average median survival of 9 months. Of the patients that experienced a radiographic response to therapy, 78 (78/277, 28%) patients underwent exploratory surgery following regional chemotherapy administration; thirty‐two (41%) of those patients were amenable to pancreatectomy. None of the studies performed analyses to identify factors predicting response to regional chemotherapy.Progressive surgical techniques combined with current neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy strategies have already yielded emerging support for a multimodality approach to treatment of advanced pancreatic cancer.Intravenous gemcitabine is the current standard treatment of pancreatic cancer. However, >90% of the drug is secreted unchanged affecting toxicity but not the cancer per se. Gemcitabine is converted inside the cell into its active drug form in a rate limiting reaction. We hypothesize that neoadjuvant regional chemotherapy with continuous infusion of gemcitabine will be well tolerated and may improve resectability rates in cases of locally advanced pancreatic cancer. DESIGN: This is a phase I study designed to evaluate the feasibility and toxicity of super‐selective intra‐arterial administration of gemcitabine in patients with locally advanced, unresectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma. Patients considered unresectable due to locally advanced pancreatic cancer will receive super‐selective arterial infusion of gemcitabine over 24 hours via subcutaneous indwelling port. Three to six patients will be enrolled per dose cohort, with seven cohorts, plus an additional six patients at the maximum tolerated dose; accrual is expected to last 36 months. Secondary objectives will include the determination of progression free and overall survival, as well as the conversion rate from unresectable to potentially resectable pancreatic cancer. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov ID: NCT01294358.
Neoadjuvant FOLFIRINOX versus upfront surgery for resectable pancreatic head cancer (NORPACT-1): a multicentre, randomised, phase 2 trial; BACKGROUND: In patients undergoing resection for pancreatic cancer, adjuvant modified fluorouracil, leucovorin, irinotecan, and oxaliplatin (FOLFIRINOX) improves overall survival compared with alternative chemotherapy regimens. We aimed to compare the efficacy and safety of neoadjuvant FOLFIRINOX with the standard strategy of upfront surgery in patients with resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma. METHODS: NORPACT‐1 was a multicentre, randomised, phase 2 trial done in 12 hospitals in Denmark, Finland, Norway, and Sweden. Eligible patients were aged 18 years or older, with a WHO performance status of 0 or 1, and had a resectable tumour of the pancreatic head radiologically strongly suspected to be pancreatic adenocarcinoma. Participants were randomly assigned (3:2 before October, 2018, and 1:1 after) to the neoadjuvant FOLFIRINOX group or upfront surgery group. Patients in the neoadjuvant FOLFIRINOX group received four neoadjuvant cycles of FOLFIRINOX (oxaliplatin 85 mg/m2, irinotecan 180 mg/m2, leucovorin 400 mg/m2, and fluorouracil 400 mg/m2 bolus then 2400 mg/m2 over 46 h on day 1 of each 14‐day cycle), followed by surgery and adjuvant chemotherapy. Patients in the upfront surgery group underwent surgery and then received adjuvant chemotherapy. Initially, adjuvant chemotherapy was gemcitabine plus capecitabine (gemcitabine 1000 mg/m2 over 30 min on days 1, 8, and 15 of each 28‐day cycle and capecitabine 830 mg/m2 twice daily for 3 weeks with 1 week of rest in each 28‐day cycle; four cycles in the neoadjuvant FOLFIRINOX group, six cycles in the upfront surgery group). A protocol amendment was subsequently made to permit use of adjuvant modified FOLFIRINOX (oxaliplatin 85 mg/m2, irinotecan 150 mg/m2, leucovorin 400 mg/m2, and fluorouracil 2400 mg/m2 over 46 h on day 1 of each 14‐day cycle; eight cycles in the neoadjuvant FOLFIRINOX group, 12 cycles in the upfront surgery group). Randomisation was performed with a computerised algorithm that stratified for each participating centre and used a concealed block size of two to six. Patients, investigators, and study team members were not masked to treatment allocation. The primary endpoint was overall survival at 18 months. Analyses were done in the intention‐to‐treat (ITT) and per‐protocol populations. Safety was assessed in all patients who were randomly assigned and received at least one cycle of neoadjuvant or adjuvant therapy. This trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT02919787, and EudraCT, 2015‐001635‐21, and is ongoing. FINDINGS: Between Feb 8, 2017, and April 21, 2021, 77 patients were randomly assigned to receive neoadjuvant FOLFIRINOX and 63 to undergo upfront surgery. All patients were included in the ITT analysis. For the per‐protocol analysis, 17 (22%) patients were excluded from the neoadjuvant FOLFIRINOX group (ten did not receive neoadjuvant therapy, four did not have pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma, and three received another neoadjuvant regimen), and eight (13%) were excluded from the upfront surgery group (seven did not have pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma and one did not undergo surgical exploration). 61 (79%) of 77 patients in the neoadjuvant FOLFIRINOX group received neoadjuvant therapy. The proportion of patients alive at 18 months by ITT was 60% (95% CI 49‐71) in the neoadjuvant FOLFIRINOX group versus 73% (62‐84) in the upfront surgery group (p=0·032), and median overall survival by ITT was 25·1 months (95% CI 17·2‐34·9) versus 38·5 months (27·6‐not reached; hazard ratio [HR] 1·52 [95% CI 1·00‐2·33], log‐rank p=0·050). The proportion of patients alive at 18 months in per‐protocol analysis was 57% (95% CI 46‐67) in the neoadjuvant FOLFIRINOX group versus 70% (55‐83) in the upfront surgery group (p=0·14), and median overall survival in per‐protocol population was 23·0 months (95% CI 16·2‐34·9) versus 34·4 months (19·4‐not reached; HR 1·46 [95% CI 0·99‐2·17], log‐rank p=0·058). In the safety population, 42 (58%) of 73 patients in the neoadjuvant FOLFIRINOX group and 19 (40%) of 47 patients in the upfront surgery group had at least one grade 3 or worse adverse event. 63 (82%) of 77 patients in the neoadjuvant group and 56 (89%) of 63 patients in the upfront surgery group had resection (p=0·24). One sudden death of unknown cause and one COVID‐19‐related death occurred after the first cycle of neoadjuvant FOLFIRINOX. Adjuvant chemotherapy was initiated in 51 (86%) of 59 patients with resected pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma in the neoadjuvant FOLFIRINOX group and 44 (90%) of 49 patients with resected pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma in the upfront surgery group (p=0·56). Adjuvant modified FOLFIRINOX was given to 13 (25%) patients in the neoadjuvant FOLFIRINOX group and 19 (43%) patients in the upfront surgery group. During adjuvant chemotherapy, neutropenia (11 [22%] patients in the neoadjuvant FOLFIRINOX group and five [11%] in the upfront surgery group) was the most common grade 3 or worse adverse event. INTERPRETATION: This phase 2 trial did not show a survival benefit from neoadjuvant FOLFIRINOX in resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma compared with upfront surgery. Implementation of neoadjuvant FOLFIRINOX was challenging. Future trials on treatment sequencing in resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma should be biomarker driven. FUNDING: Norwegian Cancer Society, South Eastern Norwegian Health Authority, The Sjöberg Foundation, and Helsinki University Hospital Research Grants.
Folfirinox versus gemcitabine/nab-paclitaxel for neoadjuvant treatment of resectable and borderline resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma: a propensity matched analysis; Background: Comparative effectiveness of FOLFIRINOX and Gemcitabine/nab‐paclitaxel (G‐nP) in the neoadjuvant treatment (NAT) of pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDA), remains unknown. The aim of this study was to perform a propensity matched analysis of neoadjuvant FOLFRINOX vs G‐nP for resectable(R) and borderline resectable (BR) PDA. Methods: A single institution retrospective review of all R and BR PDA patients who underwent resection after NAT with FOLFIRINOX or G‐nP was performed. Comparative effectiveness analysis was conducted using inverse‐probability‐weighted estimators. Primary endpoint was overall survival (OS) from the time of diagnosis. Results: A total of 193 patients (FOLFIRINOX=73, G‐nP=120) who underwent resection from 01/11‐03/17 were included. Median OS was 28.9 months (95% CI 26.1‐39.7). Patients treated with FOLFIRINOX were younger (median age 63 v 69 y), had less comorbidities (median CCI 4 v 5), more frequent BR disease (79 v 59%), and larger tumors (median CT size 2.9 v 2.7 cm) compared to G‐nP (all P<0.05). Duration of NAT was similar and both regimens were equally effective in achieving a 50% or 80% decline in CA19‐9 (logistic regression, P 0.9). Rates of R0 resection were also similar (80%), but folfirnox was associated with a reduction in pN1 disease (56% v 72%, P=0.028). Receipt of adjuvant therapy was similar in both groups (74 v 75%, P=0.79). In a multivariable cox regression analysis utilizing only preoperative variables (FOLFIRINOX v G‐nP, age, gender, CT tumor size, BR vs R, pre NAT CA19‐9 and number of NAT cycles), only the number of neoadjuvant cycles was an independent predictor of survival (HR 0.49, 95% CI 0.34‐0.71, P<0.001). In a propensity matched analysis of 166 patients using the same preoperative variables, the average treatment effect of FOLFIRINOX was to increase OS by 4.9 months above G‐nP (P=0.012). Conclusions: FOLFIRINOX and Gem Abraxane are viable options for neoadjuvant treatment of PDA. In this study, FOLFIRINOX was associated with a 4.9 month improvement in OS when compared to G‐nP in the neoadjuvant setting after adjusting for covariates.
Prospective randomized trial of preoperative chemotherapy using Folfirinox regimen, with or without preoperative concomitant chemotherapy and radiotherapy in patients with a potentially resectable pancreatic cancer; INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Eloxatine Pharmaceutical Form: Concentrate for solution for injection Trade Name: Campto Pharmaceutical Form: Concentrate for solution for injection Trade Name: FLUOROURACILE PFIZER Pharmaceutical Form: Concentrate for solution for injection Trade Name: Elvorine Pharmaceutical Form: Concentrate for cutaneous solution Product Name: capecitabine Pharmaceutical Form: Concentrate for solution for infusion CONDITION: Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Cancer [C04] Two arm, prospective, multicenter randomized phase II trial of neoadjuvant modified Folfirino Xregimen, with or without preoperative concomitant chemoradiotherapy in patients with borderline resectable pancreatic carcinoma. PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To assess the efficacy of two neoadjuvant therapies in patients with borderline resectable pancreatic carcinoma evaluated on histological R0 resection margin rate: ; induction chemotherapy with a modified FOLFIRINOX regimen (mFOLFIRINOX) consisted of oxaliplatin‐irinotecan‐fluorouracil‐leucovorin.; mFOLFIRINOX followed by a concomitant capecitabine‐based chemoradiotherapy; Primary end point(s): Histological R0 resection rate in each treatment arm defined by the proportion of complete resection with no microscopic residual tumor (all margins should be negative with microscopic tumor clearance of at least 1 mm). Analysis will be performed in intent to treat population (ITT) in each arm. Secondary Objective: Evaluate the toxicities associated with chemotherapy and chemoradiotherapy ; Evaluate the proportion of resected patients. ; Evaluate the response rate to chemotherapy and chemoradiotherapy; Evaluate the histological complete response rate in resected patients.; Evaluate the perioperative mortality rate; Evaluate the perioperative morbidity rate; Evaluate the overall survival; Evaluate the quality of life ; Evaluate the loco‐regional relapse‐free survival; Evaluate the metastatic Progression Free Survival; Evaluate the progression‐free survival Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: post surgery SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): • Toxicities associated with chemotherapy and chemoradiotherapy according to NCI‐CTCAE v4.0 classification. ; Proportion of resected patients among all randomized patients. ; Response rate to chemotherapy and chemoradiotherapy evaluated by the RECIST 1.1 criteria (RECIST will not be considered for surgical intervention, except in case of evidence of progressive disease) ; Complete histological response defined by no residual cancer cells in tumor and in lymph node (ypT0N0) ; Perioperative death occurred during the hospitalization and within the 30 days following the end of the hospitalization ; Perioperative morbidity evaluated within the 30 days following the surgery according to Clavien‐Dindo classification ; Overall survival (OS): defined as the time interval between the date of randomisation and the date of death (all causes) ; Quality of life measured by the EORTC QLQ‐C30 questionnaire ; Loco‐regional Relapse‐Free Survival (LRFS) : defined as the time interval between the date of randomisation and the date of local relapse/recurrence or regional relapse/recurrence or death (all causes), whichever occurs first (DATECAN consensus definition for pancreatic cancer) ; Metastatic Progression Free Survival (mPFS): mPFS is defined as the time interval between between the date of randomisation and the date of metastases progression or occurrence of distant metastases (including liver or non‐liver metastases) or death (all causes), whichever occurs first ; Progression‐free survival (PFS): the time interval between the date of randomisation and the date of local or regional progression or metastases progression or occurrence of distant metastases (including liver or non‐liver metastases) or occurrence of second pancreatic cancer or death (all causes), whichever occurs first (DATECAN consensus definition for pancreatic cancer) ; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: ‐ at the end of the neoadjuvant mFOLFIRINO Xtreatment ; ‐ at the end of the chemoradiotherapy before surgery ; ‐ after the surgery ; ‐ at the end of the adjuvant treatment ; ‐ post treatment follow up INCLUSION CRITERIA: ECOG performance status 0 or 1 Adult patients = 18 years and = 75 years of age Histologic or cytologic proven adenocarcinoma of the pancreas (histologic confirmation of diagnosis is preferred) Confirmation by independent multidisciplinary expert review of borderline resectable status, according to NCCN‐Clinical Practice Guidelines in Oncology "pancreatic adenocarcinoma", version 1.2015. Adequate hematologic function, as follows: absolute neutrophil count (ANC) = 1.5 X109/L platelet count = 100 X109/L haemoglobin = 10 g/dL Adequate renal, hepatic and bone marrow function, defined as: Calculated creatinine clearance = 50 mL/min according to MDRD formula Serum total bilirubin = 1.5 times the institutional upper limit of normal. Patients with a biliary short metal stent due to cancer obstruction may be included provided that high‐quality imaging is performed before stenting and bilirubin level after stent insertion decreased t
DISSECTING PANCREATIC CANCER TUMOR-IMMUNE MICROENVIRONMENT CROSSTALK USING SPATIAL TRANSCRIPTOMICS; Background Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) often fails to respond to immune therapies due to various factors, including the role of Epithelial to Mesenchymal Transition (EMT) plasticity in conferring broad resistance to diverse therapies.1‐6 However, the relationship between cancer cell heterogeneity and the tumor immune microenvironment remains unclear. To address this, we utilized single nuclei RNA‐seq and spatial transcriptomics to uncover the landscape of these cell‐cell interactions in human PDAC,7 which we applied to specimens from two immunotherapy trials. The first trial is based on TGF‐beta being a major driver of EMT.2 8‐11 Losartan, an indirect TGF‐beta inhibitor,12 13 showed promise with combination chemotherapy FOLFIRINOX in an initial clinical trial.14 A randomized multi‐institutional clinical trial of FOLFIRINOX +/‐ losartan +/‐ nivolumab (anti‐PD1) for PDAC has been completed (NCT03563248). The second trial focused on exploring the abscopal effect induced by radiation therapy when combined with immune checkpoint inhibition (anti‐PD‐L1 + anti‐CTLA4) in PDAC tumors.15 A pilot trial demonstrated a 29% disease control rate with combined nivolumab + ipilimumab and radiation therapy.16 A follow‐up Phase II single‐arm study evaluating this combination in metastatic PDAC is completed (NCT04361162). Methods Using the NanoString GeoMx Digital Spatial Profiler, we selected multiple regions of interest in formalin‐fixed paraffin‐ embedded (FFPE) human PDAC specimens. Immunofluorescent antibody‐guided isolation of RNA and protein from cancer cells (pan‐cytokeratin), cancer‐associated fibroblasts (alpha‐SMA), and immune cells (CD45) were performed. Utilizing the whole transcriptome assay (WTA; 18,000+ proteincoding genes) and a new IO Proteome Atlas (IPA; 500+ plex proteins), we ventured to understand the relationship between tumor cells and the surrounding microenvironment. Results PDAC cells, CAFs, and immune cells were successfully characterized using NanoString GeoMx in clinical trial specimens. Analysis revealed associations between cancer cell plasticity, TGF‐beta signaling, and PDAC cell states (Epithelial and Mesenchymal). These differences were observed between Arm 1 (FOLFIRINOX) and Arm 2 (FOLFIRINOX+losartan) in resected neoadjuvant‐treated PDAC tumors (figure 1). Immune deconvolution analysis identified variations in immune infiltrates, showing an anti‐correlation between macrophages and T‐cells (figure 2). Conclusions Spatial transcriptomics and proteomics reveal insights into the spatial relationship between PDAC tumor cell EMT plasticity, CAFs, and immune infiltrates. This enables the discovery of novel immune response biomarkers and potential therapeutic avenues to target tumor and microenvironment interactions.
SY21-3 Perioperative treatments for resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma; Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) has a poor 5‐year survival rate less than 10%. Recent randomized trials have confirmed that adjuvant chemotherapy using S‐1 in Japan (Uesaka et al. Lancet 2016;388:248‐57.) and modified FOLFIRINOX in the Western countries (Conroy et al. N Engl J Med 2018;379:2395‐406.) improves survival after pancreatectomy in patients with PDAC. Even after upfront surgical resection combined with adjuvant chemotherapy, which is the current standard of care, approximately 50% of patients develop disease recurrence within 2 years. Korean group reported that neoadjuvant chemoradiation improves overall survival better than upfront surgery in patients with borderline resectable PDAC (Jang et al. Ann Surg 2018;268:215‐222.). The latest multicenter randomized trial from Japan (PREP‐02/JSAP‐05) clearly suggested that neoadjuvant therapy using Gemcitabine+S‐1 in patients with resectable PDAC improves disease‐free survival and overall survival with less frequencies of lymph node metastasis and development of liver metastasis in resected patients (Unno et al. J Clin Oncol 2019;37:189, Satoi et al. J Clin Oncol 2019;37 (suppl; abstr 4126). Neoadjuvant therapy can be standard of care in patients with resectable and borderline resectable PDAC. JASPAC‐04 study revealed in a phase II setting that there was no difference in 2‐year progression‐free survival between S‐1 plus concurrent radiation and gemcitabine plus S‐1 in patients with resectable PDAC (J Clin Oncol 38, 2020 (suppl 4; abstr 724). Gemcitabine and S‐1 is the standard regimen of neoadjuvant therapy for patients with resectable PDAC in Japan. Several randomized controlled trials using FOLFIRINOX or gemcitabine plus nab‐paclitaxel as neoadjuvant therapy are going on, and their results will be appeared in a couple of years. Multimodal treatment including margin‐negative resection, but not surgical resection only, is the only way for cure in patients with PDAC.
Evolving trends in combined modality therapy for pancreatic cancer; Only 5%‐15% of patients with pancreatic adenocarcinoma undergo potentially curative resection. Evidence that postoperative adjuvant therapy improves outcome is limited to a single randomized trial utilizing split‐course chemoradiation. More aggressive regimens have developed and are associated with, at best, a modest improvement in patient outcome. The potentially significant morbidity associated with pancreaticoduodenectomy, which can compromise the delivery of postoperative chemoradiation, has led to the investigations of preoperative regimens. Although such an approach is feasible, its ultimate impact warrants further evaluation. Among the 4% of patients who present with unresectable or locally advanced disease, combined modality therapy has produced the most promising results. However, only modest improvements in survival have so far been achieved. Combined modality therapy with radioisotope implantation appears to have the greatest potential for improving local control and survival in these patients. Intraoperative radiation therapy (IORT) may be associated with lower morbidity than radioisotope implantation, but its impact may be limited by radiobiological disadvantage associated with single‐dose boost therapy. The problem of distant metastasis remains significant. New chemotherapeutic agents have the potential to produce better results than those achieved with 5‐fluorouracil. Continued advances in surgery, radiation, and systemic therapy should lead to the increased use of modern combined modality interventions with an associated further improvement in patient outcome.
Phase II study of Neoadjuvant chemotherapy with Gemcitabine and S1 (GS therapy) for resectable pancreatic carcinoma (NAC GS2+2); INTERVENTION: Neoadjuvant chemotherapy with gemcitabine and S1 CONDITION: resectable pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: True R0 resection rate; The rate of R0 resection with the normalized post‐operative tumor markers SECONDARY OUTCOME: Adverse effect, pathological effect, recurrence free survival, overall survival, patterns of recurrence, reduction rate and normalization rate for tumor marker INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1) invasive ductal carcinoma of the pancreas 2) no distant metastasis 3) R0/1 resectable 4) all adult who anticipate to undergo pancreatectomy 5) no prior therapy 6) written informed consent
Phase II study of Neoadjuvant chemotherapy with Gemcitabine and S1 (GS therapy) for resectable pancreatic carcinoma (NAC GS3); INTERVENTION: Neoadjuvant chemotherapy with gemcitabine and S1 CONDITION: resectable pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: True R0 resection rate; The rate of R0 resection with the normalized post‐operative tumor markers SECONDARY OUTCOME: Adverse effect, pathological effect, recurrence free survival, overall survival, patterns of recurrence, reduction rate and normalization rate for tumor marker INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1) invasive ductal carcinoma of the pancreas 2) no distant metastasis 3) R0/1 resectable 4) all adult who anticipate to undergo pancreatectomy 5) no prior therapy 6) written informed consent
A Study in a Type of Pancreatic Cancer that has Spread Beyond the Pancreas; INTERVENTION: Product Name: abemaciclib Product Code: LY2835219 Pharmaceutical Form: Capsule, hard INN or Proposed INN: abemaciclib Other descriptive name: ABEMACICLIB Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50‐ Product Name: LY3023414 Pharmaceutical Form: Tablet INN or Proposed INN: Not available Other descriptive name: LY3023414 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: range Concentration number: 100‐150 Trade Name: Gemzar powder for solution for infusion Product Name: gemcitabine Pharmaceutical Form: Powder for solution for infusion INN or Proposed INN: GEMCITABINE Other descriptive name: gemcitabine Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 1000‐ Trade Name: Capecitabine Accord film‐coated tablets Product Name: capecitabine Pharmaceutical Form: Film‐coated tablet INN or Proposed INN: capecitabine Other descriptive name: CAPECITABINE Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: range Concentration number: 150‐500 CONDITION: Metastatic Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma ; MedDRA version: 20.0 Level: LLT Classification code 10033599 Term: Pancreatic adenocarcinoma metastatic System Organ Class: 100000004864 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Cancer [C04] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: STAGE 1:; •To evaluate disease control rate of the abemaciclib treatment arms versus the standard‐of‐care arm (gemcitabine or capecitabine); STAGE 2; •To evaluate progression‐free survival of the abemaciclib treatment arms versus the standard of care arm (gemcitabine or capecitabine) Primary end point(s): STAGE 1; DCR; ; STAGE 2; PFS Secondary Objective: STAGE 1:; To evaluate objective response rate of the abemaciclib treatment arms versus the SOC arm; Evaluate safety and tolerability of the abemaciclib treatment arms; PK of abemaciclib and its metabolites, LY3023414,; and galunisertib; Exposure‐response for abemaciclib, LY3023414, and galunisertib; STAGE 2; To evaluate DCR of the abemaciclib treatment arms versus the SOC arm; To evaluate CBR of the abemaciclib treatment arms versus the SOC arm; To evaluate objective response rate of the abemaciclib treatment arms versus the SOC arm; To evaluate duration of response of the abemaciclib treatment arms versus the SOC arm; To evaluate OS of the abemaciclib treatment arms versus the SOC arm; Evaluate the kinetics of (CA) 19‐9; Safety and tolerability; To evaluate pain and symptom burden of the; abemaciclib treatment arms by best response group; (partial response, stable disease, or progressive disease) versus the SOC arm; PK of abemaciclib ,metabolites, LY3023414,; and galunasertib; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Approximately 16 weeks following the last patient to enter treatment in stage 1. For Stage 1 and Stage 2, tumor scans will occur approximately every 8 weeks. Initial evaluations will compare disease control rate (DCR; complete response [CR]+partial response [PR]+stable disease [SD]).; The primary analysis of Stage 2 will be conducted when at least 120 total PFS events have occurred for the combination of each individual abemaciclib‐containing arm and the standard‐of‐care arm, or all planned; patients have been enrolled in Stage 2, whichever comes later. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): STAGE 1 ; ORR ; Evaluate safety and tolerability of the abemaciclibtreatment arms ; Exposure of abemaciclib, LY3023414, and galunasertib ; ; STAGE 2 ; DCR, CBR, ORR, DOR, OS ; safety endpoints evaluated will include but are not limited to the following: ; ? TEAEs and SAEs ; ? Clinical laboratory tests and vital signs ; modified Brief Pain Inventory short form (mBPI‐sf) ; and the European Organization for Research and ; Treatment of Cancer Quality of Life Questionnaire‐ ; Core 30 (EORTC QLQ‐C30) ; Exposure of abemaciclib, LY3023414, and ; galunasertib ; Drug exposure and efficacy outcomes such as ; objective response rate or progression‐free survival ; and safety outcomes such as neutropenia and ; diarrhea Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Approximately 16 weeks following the last patient to enter treatment in stage 1. For Stage 1 and Stage 2, tumor scans will occur approximately every 8 weeks. Initial evaluations will compare disease control rate (DCR; complete response [CR]+partial response [PR]+stable disease [SD]). ; The primary analysis of Stage 2 will be conducted when at least 120 total PFS events have occurred for the combination of each individual abemaciclib‐containing arm and the standard‐of‐care arm, or all planned ; patients have been enrolled in Stage 2, whichever comes later. INCLUSION CRITERIA: [1] have cytologically or histologically confirmed diagnosis of ductal adenocarcinoma of the pancreas. [2] have metastatic disease with documented disease progression following previous treatment with at least one, but no more than 2 prior therapies for metastatic disease, with at least one of the prior therapies having been either gemcitabine‐based or fluoropyrimidine‐based therapy. Neoadjuvant and/or adjuvant therapies for localized resectable or unresectable PDAC each count as a line of therapy if multiagent chemotherapy regimens were administered (and neoadjuvant regimen was different than adjuvant regimen) and if the patient progressed with metastatic disease during treatment or within 6 months of completion of (neo)adjuvant therapy. [3] have the presence of measurable disease as defined by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors Version 1.1 (RECIST 1.1) [4] have a performance status (PS) of 0 to 1 on the ECOG scale [5] is a patient for
Neoadjuvant and adjuvant strategies for chemoradiation; There is an increasing body of evidence showing that patients with resectable pancreatic cancer might benefit from adjuvant therapy. Based on phase III trials, potential options for adjuvant treatment are chemotherapy alone or a multimodal approach involving radiotherapy. Available data are heterogeneous and have been discussed controversially. Hitherto, a worldwide standard of care has not yet been established. Adequate patient selection might be the key element for a tailored adjuvant treatment. Clinical research currently focusses on gemcitabine alone or in combination, and some molecular biologic approaches with epidermal growth factor receptor monoclonal antibodies (EGFR‐MoABs) and anti‐angiogenic drugs. Recent advances in radiooncology offer better dose conformality and reduced morbidities. Currently, the co‐operative Radiotherapy and Gastrointestinal Groups have launched a multicentric European Organization for Research and Treatment of Cancer (EORTC) trial investigating the impact of radiotherapy in combination with gemcitabine in R0‐resected pancreatic head cancer.
Chemo-radiotherapy in adjuvant therapy of curatively resected pancreatic cancer: lesions from TCOG T3207 study; In contrast to the established role of adjuvant chemotherapy, the benefit of adjuvant chemoradiation (CRT) in resectable PDAC remain controversial. In the absence of level I‐II evidence, the ESMO guideline recommends, no CRT should be given to patients after surgery except in clinical trials, while the latest NCCN and ASCO guidelines included adjuvant radiotherapy or CRT as part of integrated therapy following adjuvant chemotherapy in patients who did not receive preoperative therapy and had R1 resection margins or N1 disease. TCOG T3207 study is the first reported randomized trial that was designed to evaluate the role of CRT in patients with resectable PDAC receiving standard six cycles of adjuvant gemcitabine. Despite associated with marginal benefit in reducing loco‐regional recurrence (54.1% versus 38.4%, p=0.056), the addition of CRT did not improve the recurrence‐free survival (RFS, primary end‐point), median RFS: 13.3 months (95% CI 10.0‐17.1) versus 12.1 months (95% CI, 9.0‐15.8) in GEM alone arm, HR=0.96 (p= 0.80), in patients with resectable PDAC receiving adjuvant gemcitabine. What will be the potential role of CRT in more modern multi‐agent adjuvant therapy, such as modified FOLFIRINOX will be discussed!.
Neoadjuvant chemotherpy with gemcitabine and oral S-1for pancreatic cancer; INTERVENTION: preoperative chemotherapy CONDITION: resectable pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: Determination of the recommended dose INCLUSION CRITERIA: Resectable pancreatic cancer without severe complications
Nivolumab and a CCR2/CCR5 dual antagonist (BMS-813160) with or without GVAX for locally advanced pancreatic ductal adenocarcinomas: results of phase I study; Background: Surgical resection is the only potentially curative treatment for pancreatic adenocarcinoma (PDAC) but involvement of adjacent vital structures in locally advanced pancreatic adenocarcinoma (LAPC) precludes upfront resection. Neoadjuvant chemotherapy and/or radiation allows some LAPC patients to undergo resection but outcomes remain dismal. In this trial, we investigate the benefit of combining chemotherapy, radiation, and immunotherapy to improve outcomes in LAPC by enhancing antitumor immunity. The use of GVAX, Nivolumab, and BMS‐813160 is hypothesized to promote immune responses through enhanced effector T cell infiltration and activation by GVAX and nivolumab while inhibiting immunosuppressive tumor associated macrophages via CCR2/5 inhibition with BMS‐ 813160. Testing this combination in LAPC will facilitate assessment of the changes this combination produces in the tumor microenvironment. Methods: This open‐label, single center two‐arm phase I/II trial uses neoadjuvant/adjuvant nivolumab and BMS‐813160 +/‐ GVAX following 8 to 16 doses of FOLFIRINOX and SBRT in patients with newly diagnosed LAPC. The primary endpoint of the phase I portion is safety of nivolumab, BMS‐813160, and GVAX in patients with LAPC following chemotherapy and SBRT. The phase II portion randomizes patients 1:1 to nivolumab andBMS‐813160 +/‐ GVAX with primary endpoint of immune response defined as.80% increase in CD8+CD137+ cell infiltration. For the phase I portion a 3+3 dose escalation was used: nivolumab 480mg IV and GVAX 5x108 cells intradermal were administered at a fixed dose every 4 weeks. BMS‐813160 was administered at a dose of 150mg and 300mg PO BID in levels 1 and 2 respectively. DLTs were evaluated during the 1st cycle of treatment and study‐related adverse events (AE) were graded according to NCI CTCAE v5.0. Results: In the phase I portion of this trial, 13 patients were enrolled. The patient characteristics of the enrolled patients were: median age (range), 67 (44, 78), Female/Male, (4/9), Race, (Asian: 2, Black: 3, White: 8), histological grade (moderately/poor/moderately poor), (10/2/1). Nine of the 13 patients proceeded to immunotherapy after neoadjuvant chemotherapy and radiation. Three patients received treatment at dose level 1 and 6 patients at dose level 2. No DLTs were observed with the only grade 3 or higher AE being maculo‐papular rash (n = 1). The RP2D for BMS‐813160 was determined to be 300mg PO BID. Conclusions: We determined that nivolumab 480mg IV q4 weeks, GVAX 5x108 cells intradermal q4 weeks, and BMS‐813160 300mg PO BID were the RP2D for the phase 2 portion of this investigation which is ongoing. This combination appears safe and neoadjuvant use does not lead to delay in surgery.
Prehabilitation for EOC, Fallopian Tube, Primary Peritoneal Carcinoma and Pancreatic Cancer w/ NACT; Elderly participants with epithelial ovarian cancer (EOC) and pancreatic adenocarcinoma(PDAC) undergoing neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NACT) are often frail and malnourished. Bothchemotherapy and disease burden are associated with a decline in muscle mass leading todecrease in physical strength and cardiovascular fitness. Limited efforts have focused ondecreasing morbidity at time of chemotherapy and surgery and improving functionalcapacity. Exercise during chemotherapy has been shown to improve chemotherapy relatedsymptoms and quality of life in participants with breast cancer participants. In surgicalpatient populations, preoperative rehabilitation (prehabilitation) has been shown toimprove walking capacity, decrease hospital length of stay, perioperative complications,and cost. However, whether multimodal prehabilitation improves the functional capacityand perioperative outcomes of EOC and PDAC participants undergoing NACT compared tostandard of care is unknown. Investigators aim to evaluate if prehabilitation inparticipants with EOC and PDAC undergoing NACT improves physical fitness/ functionaloutcomes, perioperative outcomes, nutritional status, and quality of life compared tostandard of care.
Phase II Study of Preoperative FOLFIRINOX Versus Gemcitabine/Nab-Paclitaxel in Patients With Resectable Pancreatic Cancer; Patients who fulfill eligibility criteria will be randomized to Arm A or Arm B ‐ Treatment will be administered on an outpatient basis. ‐ Upon registration participants will be randomized to Arm A (FOLFIRINOX) or Arm B (Gemcitabine/nab‐Paclitaxel). ‐ After completion of FOLFIRINOX or Gemcitabine/Nab‐paclitaxel, all participants without progressive disease will proceed to radiation therapy with capecitabine . ‐ Between 2 and 4 weeks after radiation is complete, participants will proceed for surgical resection of pancreatic cancer
SWOG S1505: initial findings on eligibility and neoadjuvant chemotherapy experience with mfolfirinox versus gemcitabine/nab-paclitaxel for resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma; Background: Clinical outcomes after curative therapy of resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDA) remain suboptimal. For early control of systemic disease with aggressive perioperative chemotherapy (CTx), we conducted a prospective trial in the National Clinical Trials Network (NCTN) setting.Methods: S1505 was a randomized phase II trial of periop (12 weeks pre, 12 weeks postop) CTx with either mFOLFIRINOX (5fluorouracil, irinotecan, oxaliplatin ‐ without bolus 5‐FU and leucovorin; Arm 1), or gemcitabine/nab‐paclitaxel (Arm 2). Eligibility required adult patients with ECOG PS 0 or 1, confirmed tissue diagnosis of PDA, and resectable disease: no involvement of the celiac, common hepatic, or superior mesenteric arteries (and, if present, variants); < 180° interface between tumor and vessel wall, of the portal or superior mesenteric veins; patent portal vein/splenic vein confluence; no metastases. Primary outcome is 2‐year overall survival (OS), using a “pick the winner” design; for 100 eligible patients, accrual up to 150 patients was planned, to account for cases deemed ineligible at central radiology review. Results: From 2015 to 2018, 147 patients were enrolled; 74 to Arm 1; 73 to Arm 2. At central radiology review, 42/147 (29%) were ineligible; of these, 15 (36%) had venous involvement ≥ 180°, 22 (52%) had arterial involvement, 28 (67%) had distant disease. One patient had distal cholangiocarcinoma (ineligible); one withdrew consent after randomization. Eligible patients (n = 103) had median age 64 years; males 58%; whites 89%; PS 0 64%. Of 103, 99 (96%) started and 86 (83%) completed preop CTx. There was one death due to sepsis and 61 additional patients experienced grade 3/4 toxicities. To date, 76 of 99 (77%) patients went to surgery and 72 (73%) underwent resection.Conclusions: This is the firstever NCTN study of periop CTx for resectable PDA. Accrual was brisk, establishing feasibility. Ineligible cases after central radiology review highlight quality control and physician education imperatives for neoadjuvant PDA trials. Preop CTx safety and resection rates are encouraging. Follow up for OS is ongoing.
Neoadjuvant Treatment for Resectable and Borderline Resectable Pancreatic Cancer: chemotherapy or Chemoradiotherapy?; Worldwide, there is a shifting paradigm from immediate surgery with adjuvant treatment to a neoadjuvant approach for patients with resectable or borderline resectable pancreatic cancer (RPC or BRPC). Comparison of neoadjuvant and adjuvant studies is extremely difficult because of a great difference in patient selection. The evidence from randomized studies shows that overall survival by intention‐to‐treat improves after neoadjuvant gemcitabine‐based chemoradiotherapy or chemotherapy (various regimens), as compared to immediate surgery followed by adjuvant chemotherapy. Radiotherapy appears to play an important role in mediating locoregional effects. Yet, since more effective chemotherapy regimens are currently available, in particular FOLFIRINOX and Gemcitabine/Nab‐paclitaxel, these chemotherapy regimens should be investigated in future randomized trials combined with (stereotactic) radiotherapy to further improve outcomes of RPC and BRPC.
Is there a role for particle therapy in the treatment of locally advanced pancreas cancer ?”; Cancer of the exocrine pancreas can still be considered an unsolved clinical problem. An epidemiological analysis form 2012 has shown that in Europe incidence equals mortality. This dismal outcome is driven both by the high rate of patients that are already metastatic at diagnosis (or that develop metastases early in the course of their disease) and by the difficulties in achieving local control even in the non‐metastatic patients. Aggressive chemotherapy can achieve a survival advantage both in metastatic and locally advanced cases. Radiotherapy has been used in the attempt to increase local control both preoperatively, and postoperatively but its role as exclusive local treatment is still questionable. Particle therapy with protons or carbon ions has several dosimetric advantages in comparison with standard radiotherapy with photons. Particles display an inverse depth dose profile with a finite range; therefore they can achieve a conformality that is similar to that of the most advanced photons‐based techniques, while substantially reducing the integral dose to the patient and the middle and low dose bath. Carbon ions, besides their favorable physical properties, have a radiobiological advantage: in the last part of their track, they produce dense ionizations that create DNA damages that are more difficult to repair. These damages can kill cells almost independently from the oxygenation level and this is particularly relevant for pancreatic cancer that is a disease with a thick fibrotic stroma and many hypoxic niches. The use of proton and carbon ions in the treatment of pancreatic cancer has the potential to reduce the dose to the small bowel and stomach thus reducing the risk of acute and late gastro intestinal toxicity. Moreover, the sparing of the healthy tissues, i.e. the bone marrow, but most importantly the spleen, can reduce hematological toxicity and improve tolerance to concomitant chemotherapy. Particle therapy can therefore be used to reduce toxicity and to increase the delivered dose and, at least for carbon ions, the radiobiological efficiency of the dose, in the attempt to improve local control. Protontherapy has been used in the preoperative treatment of pancreatic cancer mainly at Massachusetts General Hospital. An aggressive combination of chemotherapy with FOLFIRINOX, radiochemotherapy (with protons or photons according to the availability) and surgery has achieved a 3YOS in excess of 60%, which is more than double of what is expected in this population. Also in the experience of University of Florida protontherapy concomitant to chemotherapy could convert to resectability a significant percentage of locally advanced cases without any increase in intra and perioperative morbidity. Finally, carbon ion radiotherapy has been employed in Japan with excellent results both in the preoperative setting and for locally advanced cases. The initial results of the National Institute of Radiological Sciences in Chiba have been recently confirmed in a prospective multi‐centric study in Japan. In these series, 2YOS in excess of 50% has been reported for inoperable patients without surgery. The Japanese experience is extremely relevant also in terms of target volume definition, which is based on an extensive review of pathological series assessing the risk of nodal involvement in each of the lymph‐node station in the upper abdomen (according to the Japanese Pancreas Society ‘JPS’ classification). The target volumes employed are also modified to account for the risk of perineural spread. An international multi‐centric prospective randomized phase III trial (CIPHER, ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT03536182) of carbon ion radiotherapy vs. photons IMRT in patient with locally advanced pancreatic cancer has been designed to verify this survival advantage. This trial will randomize patients with locally advanced pancreatic cancer to receive either IMRT with photons in their home country (USA, South Korea, Italy and Japan) or carbon ion radiotherapy in Japan and Italy. In summary particle therapy can achieve an improved local control with reduced toxicity both as preoperative and as exclusive treatment. Large multicentric prospective trials are needed. The combination of Carbon ion radiotherapy and FOLFIRINOX has still to be tested and could potentially result in an even better local control.
Efficacy of neoadjuvant FOLFIRINOX for borderline resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma; Background: Neoadjuvant treatment strategy has been investigated for patients ( pts) with borderline resectable pancreatic cancer (BRPC). Although FOLFIRINOX has been more widely used based on its success in patients with metastatic disease, there is lack of data based on the prospective randomized trial in this setting. Therefore, we performed retrospective analysis comparing the efficacy of FOLFIRINOX and gemcitabine‐based regimen. Methods: Between February 2013 and December 2014, a total of 18 patients with histologically confirmed BRPC according to the NCCN resectability criteria were treated with FOLFIRINOX. For the comparative analysis, data of all patients with BRPC (n = 18) in our previous phase 2 study of neoadjuvant gemcitabine plus capecitabine (GEM‐CAP) were extracted and included in the current analysis (Lee et al., Surgery 2012;152:851‐62). Results: In pts treated with FOLFIRINOX, median age was 54 year old (range, 29‐73), and 9 patients (50%) were male. There were no significant differences in baseline characteristics between FOLFIRINOX and GEM‐CAP groups, except the number of chemotherapy cycles (median 6 vs 3, respectively, p = 0.02). Surgical resection was performed in 12 pts (67%) with FOLFIRINOX and 11 pts (61%) with GEM‐CAP (p = 1.00). R0 resection rates were 50% (n = 9) in each group. Progression‐free survival (PFS) was significantly higher in the FOLFIRINOX group compared to GEM‐CAP group (median 16.8 months [95% CI, 9.4‐24.2] vs 6.5 months [1.6‐11.3]; p = 0.044) and there was a trend toward improved overall survival (OS) in the FOLFIRINOX group (median 21.2 months [95% CI, 15.0‐27.3] vs 13.6 months [11.8‐15.4]; p = 0.17). In the FOLFIRINOX and GEM‐CAP groups, 1‐year PFS rates were 62% (95% CI, 35%‐88%) and 22% (95% CI, 3%‐41%), respectively, and 2‐year OS rates were 45% (95% CI, 20%‐70%) and 28% (95% CI, 7%‐49%), respectively. The trends for the improved OS in the FOLFIRINOX group were observed regardless of surgical resection. Conclusions: FOLFIRINOX might be associated with improved efficacy outcomes compared with GEM‐CAP regimen in patients with BRPC. Further validations are necessary in the randomized trials.
Neoadjuvant FOLFIRINOX versus adjuvant gemcitabine in pancreatic cancer; Background: In the metastatic or adjuvant setting for pancreatic cancer, the combination chemotherapy of fluorouracil, leucovorin, irinotecan, and oxaliplatin (FOLFIRINOX) resulted in longer overall survival (OS) compared to gemcitabine therapy. We conducted an institutional study to compare the efficacy of neoadjuvant modified FOLFIRINOX (neo‐mFOLFIRINOX) to adjuvant gemcitabine (adjgem) for pancreatic cancer patients who completed resection. Methods: The study retrospectively enrolled patients from 2006 to 2017 from Ohio State University. While patients who received adjuvant gemcitabine were considered to be resectable upfront, patients who received neo‐mFOLFIRINOX were either staged as borderline resectable (BR) or un‐resectable (UR) by the institutional tumor board group. 111 patients received adj‐gem (average cycles, 5.5) and 52 patients received neo‐mFOLFIRINOX (average cycles, 3.5). The survival rates were determined by the Kaplan‐Meier method and analyzed using Cox regression and logrank test. Results: At a median follow up of 21.3 months, the median OS was 35.4 months in the neo‐mFOLFIRINOX group and 21.8 months in the adj‐gem group (hazard ratio, 0.56, 95% confidence interval (CI), 0.37‐0.84 p = 0.005). The OS rate at 3 years was 46% in the neo‐mFOLFIRINOX group and 22% in the adjuvant gemcitabine group (p = 0.001). The median disease free survival (DFS) was 18.6 months in the neo‐mFOLFIRINOX group and 12.0 months in the adj‐gem group (hazard ratio, 0.63, 95% CI, 0.43‐0.93 p = 0.022). The DFS rate at 3 years was 17% in the neomFOLFIRINOX group and 11% in the adj‐gem group (p = 0.02). On surgical pathological specimen review, the neo‐mFOLFIRINOX group had statistically (p < 0.05) lower tumor grade, lower rates of perineural invasion and lymphovascular invasion, lower pathological T stage, lower pathological N stage, and lower number of nodes positive compared to the adj‐gem group. Frequencies of obtaining R0 resections were higher in the neo‐mFOLFIRINOX versus adj‐gem groups but not statistically different (51.9% vs 40.4, p = 0.2). The average age and performance status were similar between the two groups. Conclusions: At our institution, BR and UR pancreatic cancer patients who received neo‐mFOLFIRINOX and completed resection had longer OS, DFS, and more favorable pathological indicators compared to those patients who had upfront surgery and adjuvant gemcitabine. Randomized clinical trials comparing neoadjuvant versus adjuvant FOLFIRINOX are needed to validate these findings.
Perioperative or adjuvant nab-paclitaxel plus gemcitabine for resectable pancreatic cancer: updated final results of the randomized phase II AIO-NEONAX trial; Background: Perioperative chemotherapy (CTX) in resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) is still not considered standard of care and data are limited. The NEONAX trial examined gemcitabine (Gem) plus nab‐paclitaxel (nab‐P), in the perioperative or adjuvant therapy of resectable PDAC (NCCN criteria). Methods: NEONAX is a prospective, randomized phase II trial with two independent experimental arms. 127 resectable PDAC patients in 22 German centers were randomized 1:1 to perioperative (2 pre‐and 4 postoperative cycles, arm A) or adjuvant (6 cycles, arm B) of Gem (1000mg/m2) and nab‐P (125mg/m2) on days 1,8,15 of a 28‐day cycle. Results: We previously reported the primary endpoint disease free survival (DFS) at 18 mo. in the modified intention‐to‐treat (ITT)‐population (defined as R0/R1 resected pts. that either started neoadjuvant (A) or adjuvant (B) CTX. The pre‐defined DFS rate of 55% at 18 mo. was not reached in both arms (A: 32.2%, B: 41.4%). Here we present the final results of the secondary endpoints median overall survival (mOS), pN0‐resection rate, perioperative morbidity/mortality and safety in the ITT‐population. Most common grade ≥3 treatment emergent adverse events in the safety population were neutropenia (arm A 21.1%, arm B 12.3%), fatigue (arm A 8.8%, arm B 5.3%) and anemia (arm A 10.5%, arm B 1.8%). The most frequent post‐/perioperative complications of all grades in pts. undergoing resection were infections (arm A: 24.4%, arm B: 8.8%), pancreatic fistulas (arm A: 14.6%; arm B: 13.3%) and bleedings (arm A: 9.7%; arm B: 6.7%). Perioperative mortality was 2.4% in the neoadjuvant and 6.7% in the upfront surgery setting. The median number of resected lymph nodes was comparable in both arms (A: n = 21, B: n = 26). The pN0‐resection rate was 33.3% in the neoadjuvant/perioperative arm A and 29.5% in the upfront surgery arm B. R0 resection rates were 87.8% in arm A and 67.4% in arm B, respectively. Median OS as a key secondary endpoint in the ITT population was 25.2 mo. in arm A and 16.7 mo. for upfront surgery, a difference of 8.5 mo. This difference corresponds to a mDFS of 11.5 mo. in arm A and 5.9 mo. in arm B. 91.5% of pts. in arm A started and 84.7% completed neoadjuvant CTX but only 42.4% of pts. in arm B started adjuvant CTX. Conclusions: Perioperative treatment with Gem/nab‐P was well tolerated and showed an encouraging mOS of 25.2 mo., this is well in the range of the data in SWOG 1505 (23.6 mo.) or PREOPANC (15.7 mo.). The corresponding mOS in the upfront surgery arm was 16.7 mo. The 8.5 mo. difference may be explained by the fact that many pts. in arm B did not receive adjuvant treatment whereas the vast majority of pts. in arm A completed at least preoperative CTX. Neoadjuvant/perioperative treatment is a promising novel option for pts. with resectable PDAC. The optimal treatment regimen is subject of current clinical trials.
Pathologic tumor response to neoadjuvant therapy in borderline resectable pancreatic cancer; Background: Previous studies have demonstrated the prognostic significance of pathologic tumor response in pancreatic adenocarcinoma following neoadjuvant therapy (NAT). The aim of this study was to determine the incidence of significant pathologic response to NAT in borderline resectable pancreatic cancer (BRPC), and association of NAT regimen and other clinico‐pathologic characteristics with pathologic response. Methods: Patients with BRPC who underwent NAT and pancreatic resection between January 2012 and June 2017 were included. Pathologic response was assessed on a qualitative scale based on the College of American Pathologists grading system. Demographics and baseline characteristics, oncologic treatment, pathology, and survival outcomes were compared. Results: Seventy‐one patients were included for analysis. Four patients had complete pathologic responses (tumor regression score 0), 12 patients had marked responses (score 1), 42 had moderate responses (score 2), and 13 had minimal responses (score 3). Patients with complete or marked responses were more likely to have received neoadjuvant gemcitabine chemoradiation (62.5%, 38.1%, and 23.1% of the complete/marked, moderate, and minimal response groups, respectively; P = 0.04). Of the complete/marked, moderate, and minimal response groups, margins were negative in 75.0%, 78.6%, and 46.2% (P = 0.16); node negative disease was observed in 87.5%, 54.8%, and 15.4% (P < 0.01); and median overall survival was 50.0 months, 31.7 months, and 23.2 months (P = 0.563). Of the four patients with pathologic complete responses, three were disease‐free at 66.1, 41.7 and 31.4 months, and one was deceased with metastatic liver disease at 16.9 months. Conclusions: A more pronounced pathologic tumor response to NAT in BRPC is correlated with node negative disease, but was not associated with a statistically significant survival benefit in this study.
Simultaneous resection of the primary tumour and liver metastases after conversion chemotherapy versus standard therapy in pancreatic cancer with liver oligometastasis: protocol of a multicentre, prospective, randomised phase III control trial (CSPAC-1); Introduction Approximately 50% of pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) patients are diagnosed with distant metastasis, especially liver metastasis. The current standard treatment for these stage IV patients is palliative chemotherapy. There is increasing agreement that synchronous PDAC and liver metastasis resection may benefit highly selected patients. Thus, the Chinese Study Group for Pancreatic Cancer (CSPAC)‐1 trial is being launched to establish a strategy for selecting PDAC patients with liver oligometastases who may benefit from synchronous resection after conversion chemotherapy. Methods and analysis In this study, liver oligometastasis is defined as no more than three metastatic lesions irrespective of their distribution within the liver lobes. The trial contains two steps. In the first step, 1000 to 1200 needle biopsy‐confirmed PDAC patients with liver oligometastases are eligible for inclusion. Candidates will receive first‐line chemotherapy. The RECIST V.1.1 criteria combined with tumour markers will be applied to evaluate the tumour response to chemotherapy every two cycles. Pancreatic cancer and hepatic metastasis resectability will be identified by multidisciplinary teams. Approximately 300 patients who meet our criteria will enter the second step and be randomly assigned at a 1:1 ratio to simultaneous resection of the primary pancreatic cancer lesion and liver oligometastases if no extensive metastatic sites are found during surgery or standard chemotherapy. Postoperative chemotherapy is recommended, and regimen selection should be based on the preoperative chemotherapy regimen. The primary endpoint is real overall survival (from enrolment to death). This study was activated in July 2018 and is expected to complete accrual within 5 years. Ethics and dissemination This trial has been approved by the Clinical Research Ethics Committee of Fudan University Shanghai Cancer Centre. Written informed consent will be obtained from all participants. Serious adverse events will be reported. Trial results will be submitted for peer‐reviewed publication. Trial registration number NCT03398291; Pre‐results.
The yield of staging laparoscopy for resectable and borderline resectable pancreatic cancer in the PREOPANC randomized controlled trial; BACKGROUND: The necessity of the staging laparoscopy in patients with pancreatic cancer is still debated. The objective of this study was to assess the yield of staging laparoscopy for detecting occult metastases in patients with resectable or borderline resectable pancreatic cancer. METHOD: This was a post‐hoc analysis of the randomized controlled PREOPANC trial in which patients with resectable or borderline resectable pancreatic cancer were randomized between preoperative chemoradiotherapy or immediate surgery. Patients assigned to preoperative treatment underwent a staging laparoscopy prior to preoperative treatment according to protocol, to avoid unnecessary chemoradiotherapy in patients with occult metastatic disease. RESULTS: Of the 246 included patients, 7 did not undergo surgery. A staging laparoscopy was performed in 133 patients (55.6%) and explorative laparotomy in 106 patients (44.4%). At staging laparoscopy, occult metastases were detected in 13 patients (9.8%); 12 liver metastases and 1 peritoneal metastasis. At direct explorative laparotomy, occult metastases were found in 9 patients (8.5%); 6 with liver metastases, 1 with peritoneal metastases, and 2 with metastases at multiple sites. One patient had peritoneal metastases at exploration after a negative staging laparoscopy. Patients with occult metastases were more likely to receive palliative chemotherapy if found with staging laparoscopy compared to laparotomy (76.9% vs. 30.0%, p = 0.040). CONCLUSIONS: Staging laparoscopy detected occult metastases in about 10% of patients with resectable or borderline resectable pancreatic cancer. These patients were more likely to receive palliative systemic chemotherapy compared to patients in whom occult metastases were detected with laparotomy. A staging laparoscopy is recommended before planned resection.
Intraoperative radiation therapy in pancreatic cancer; Background: Pancreatic cancer is the 10th leading cause of cancer death worldwide. For pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma the 5‐year survival ranges between 3‐16%. Surgical therapy offers the only cure for pancreatic adenocarcinoma. Local tumor progression even after R0‐resection still causes significant morbidity and mortality with local recurrence being as high as 50‐80%. This presented study hypothesizes that patients who receive IORT will have longer disease free survival and overall patient survival as well as lower recurrence rates with the same morbidity rates as compared to patients who did not receive IORT (primary hypothesis). The primary aim of this study is to examine the role of IORT in patients with resectable and borderline resectable pancreatic cancer (BRCP) using IORT prior to external beam radiotherapy (EBRT) in order to improve local control by dose escalation. Materials and Methods: Patients who are referred for pancreatic adenocarcinoma resection will be invited to participate in the presented trial. IORT will be applied to patients who undergo pancreatic resection. Patients will be divided into resectable and borderline resectable patients preoperatively and randomized prior to surgery into patients who receive IORT and those who do not. Randomization will take place in the OR after resectability status is confirmed. General resectability will be assessed prior to this using CT and MRT images done in routine evaluation prior pancreatic surgeries. (figure1) Results: Please see figure Conclusions: IORT might be a useful tool to ameliorate prognosis of patients undergoing pancreatic resection due to pancreatic adenocarcinoma. The presented study assessed this tool in order to gain knowledge in a scarcely evaluated field in hopes to contribute new findings for our patients.
Adjuvant chemotherapy in patients with resected pancreatic cancer following neoadjuvant FOLFIRINOX chemotherapy: an international multicenter study; Purpose: The benefit of adjuvant chemotherapy after resection of pancreatic cancer following neoadjuvant FOLFIRINOX (folinic acid, 5‐fluorouracil, irinotecan, and oxaliplatin) is unclear. This international study aimed to assess the treatment effect of adjuvant chemotherapy on overall survival (OS) in different subgroups of patients after resection of pancreatic cancer following neoadjuvant FOLFIRINOX. Materials and methods: Retrospective, international, multicenter cohort study including patients after resection of pancreatic cancer following neoadjuvant FOLFIRINOX (2012‐2018). The impact of adjuvant chemotherapy on OS was evaluated in different subgroups including interaction terms for clinicopathological parameters with adjuvant treatment in a multivariable Cox model. Results: We included 520 patients from 31 centers in 19 countries. The median number of neoadjuvant cycles FOLFIRINOX was 6 (IQR 5‐8). Overall, 343 patients (66%) received adjuvant chemotherapy, of which 68 (20%) (m)FOLFIRINOX, 201 (59%) gemcitabine‐based chemotherapy, and 74 (22%) a combination/other. Median OS was 38 months after diagnosis. No survival difference was found for patients who received adjuvant chemotherapy versus those who did not (median OS 38 vs. 40 months, log‐rank p=0.94; Figure 1). In multivariable analysis, only the interaction term for N‐stage with adjuvant therapy was significant (p=0.006). In node‐positive patients, the median OS was 36 months with and 21 months without adjuvant therapy (log‐rank p<0.001; multivariable HR 0.43; 95% CI 0.23‐0.78; Figure 2). In node‐negative patients, the median OS was 51 months with and 65 months without adjuvant therapy (log‐rank p=0.11, multivariable HR 0.92; 95% CI 0.37‐2.27; Figure 3). Conclusions: Adjuvant chemotherapy after neoadjuvant FOLFIRINOX and resection of pancreatic cancer was associated with improved survival in node‐positive, but not in node‐negative patients. This should be evaluated prospectively in a multicenter randomized trial. References [Formula presented] Overall survival of patients undergoing resection of pancreatic cancer following neoadjuvant FOLFIRINOX stratified by adjuvant therapy [Formula presented] Overall survival of patients after resection of pancreatic cancer with node‐positive (ypN+) disease stratified by adjuvant therapy [Formula presented] Overall survival of patients after resection of pancreatic caner with pathology proven node‐negative (ypN‐) disease stratified by adjuvant therapy The authors do not declare any conflict of interest
Gemcitabine Hydrochloride With or Without Erlotinib Hydrochloride Followed by the Same Chemotherapy Regimen With or Without Radiation Therapy and Capecitabine or Fluorouracil in Treating Patients With Pancreatic Cancer That Has Been Removed by Surgery; PRIMARY OBJECTIVES:I. To determine whether the addition of erlotinib (erlotinib hydrochloride) togemcitabine (gemcitabine hydrochloride) adjuvant chemotherapy shows a signal for improvedsurvival as compared to gemcitabine alone following R0 or R1 resection of head ofpancreas adenocarcinoma (including adenocarcinoma of the head, neck, and uncinateprocess). (Phase II‐R) II. To determine whether the use of concurrent fluoropyrimidineand radiotherapy following adjuvant gemcitabine based chemotherapy or non‐gemcitabinebased chemotherapy such as modified fluorouracil‐leucovorin‐irinotecan‐oxaliplatinregimen (FOLFIRINOX) further enhances survival for such patients who are without evidenceof progressive disease after 5 months of adjuvant chemotherapy. (Phase III)SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:I. To evaluate disease‐free survival of adjuvant chemotherapy followed by radiotherapyand concurrent fluoropyrimidine for patients with resected head of pancreasadenocarcinoma who are disease free after 5 months of adjuvant chemotherapy.II. To evaluate disease‐free survival of standard adjuvant gemcitabine chemotherapy withand without erlotinib for patients with resected head of pancreas adenocarcinoma.III. To evaluate adverse events with and without erlotinib for patients with resectedhead of pancreas adenocarcinoma.IV. To evaluate adverse events of adjuvant chemotherapy with or without radiation therapyand concurrent fluoropyrimidine for patients with resected head of pancreasadenocarcinoma who are disease free after adjuvant chemotherapy.V. To evaluate preoperative cross‐sectional imaging of the primary head of pancreasadenocarcinoma in order to determine the frequency with which objective criteria ofresectability are present.VI. To determine if patients reporting low baseline fatigue, as measured by theFunctional Assessment of Chronic Illness Therapy (FACIT)‐Fatigue, predicts survival.OUTLINE: Patients without disease progression after treatment in arm I or II arerandomized to 1 of 2 additional treatment arms (arm III or IV).ARM I: Patients receive either gemcitabine hydrochloride or [starting 06‐28‐2016]allowable combination chemotherapy per standard of care for 5 months.ARM II [closed to accrual 2‐28‐2014]: Patients receive gemcitabine hydrochlorideintravenously (IV) over 30 minutes once a week for 3 weeks then off 1 week and erlotinibhydrochloride orally (PO) once daily on days 1‐28. Treatment repeats every 28 days for upto 5 courses in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity.ARM III: Patients receive the same treatment as in arm I for 1 month.ARM IV: Patients receive the same treatment as in arm I for 1 month. Beginning within7‐21 days after completion of chemotherapy, patients undergo radiotherapy (3‐dimensionalconformal radiotherapy or intensity‐modulated radiotherapy) 5 days per week for 5.5 weeks(28 fractions). During radiotherapy, patients receive either capecitabine PO twice daily(BID) 5 days per week or fluorouracil IV continuously for 5.5 weeks or until radiotherapyis completed.Patients undergo computed tomography (CT), magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), and/or x‐rayimaging throughout the trial. Patients also undergo blood sample collection duringscreening and follow‐up and undergo tissue sample collection at baseline.After completion of study treatment, patients are followed up every 3‐6 months for up to4 years, then yearly.
Developments in care for patients with pancreatic cancer; In the past years several developments have occurred in the care for patients with pancreatic cancer in the Netherlands. New palliative chemotherapy strategies using FOLFRINOX or gemcitabine/nab‐paclitaxel were introduced for patients with advanced disease. Due to centralization of pancreatic surgery, introduction of neoadjuvant therapy, and the implementation of standardized postoperative care more patients became enable for resection, postoperative mortality decreased, and survival improved. Within the randomized PREOPANC trial of the Dutch Pancreatic Cancer Group (DPCG), neoadjuvant therapy using chemoradiation for (borderline) resectable pancreatic cancer improved five‐year survival from 7% to 21%. Furthermore, due to nationwide training programs, the use of minimally invasive surgery has increased. Regardless of these developments, the survival of patients with pancreatic cancer is still low and 61% of Dutch patients with pancreatic cancer patients do not receive any tumor targeted therapy. The DPCG is active to improve quality of care through auditing, research, guideline development, and education.
Endoscopic Pancreatic Drainage Improves Exocrine Pancreatic Function in Patients With Unresectable Pancreatic Cancer: a Double-Blind, Prospective, Randomized, Single-Center, Interventional Study; Objectives Exocrine pancreatic insufficiency is a frequent and clinically relevant complication of pancreatic cancer probably secondary to pancreatic duct obstruction. We aimed at evaluating the impact of endoscopic pancreatic drainage on pancreatic function in patients with unresectable pancreatic cancer. Methods A double‐blind, prospective, randomized, single‐center, interventional study was designed. Patients undergoing endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography for jaundice secondary to unresectable pancreatic cancer were randomized to biliary drainage (group A) or biliopancreatic drainage (group B). Pancreatic function was evaluated by 13C‐mixed triglyceride breath test before and 2 weeks after endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography. Breath test result is expressed as 13C‐cumulative recovery rate. Abdominal symptoms and nutritional markers were evaluated as secondary outcomes. Results Twenty patients were included. Sixteen patients had exocrine pancreatic insufficiency, and 13 completed the study (7 in group A and 6 in group B). The median absolute improvement of 13C‐cumulative recovery rate was of 23.75% (interquartile range, 9.62‐31.74) after biliopancreatic drainage compared with ‐1.92% (interquartile range, ‐4.17 to 13.92) after biliary drainage (P = 0.015). Nutritional markers improved after biliopancreatic drainage, but not after biliary drainage. Conclusions Biliopancreatic and not biliary endoscopic drainage is associated with a significant improvement of exocrine pancreatic function in patients with unresectable pancreatic cancer.
Predictive factors of pathologic response in patients with localized pancreatic cancer treated with induction chemotherapy and stereotactic body radiation therapy; Purpose/Objective(s): Surgery is the only curative modality for pancreatic cancer but is associated with significant morbidity. Neoadjuvant therapy is suggested to improve surgical outcomes in borderline resectable pancreatic cancer (BRPC) and may convert locally advanced pancreatic cancer (LAPC) patients to surgical candidates;however, factors associated with benefit from aggressive neoadjuvant therapy are unknown. Our goal was to identify tumor and treatment characteristics that may be useful in predicting pathologic response in BRPC and LAPC patients who received induction chemotherapy (CTX) and stereotactic body radiation therapy (SBRT). Materials/Methods: BRPC and LAPC patients (N =99) who underwent surgery from 2/2011‐1/2016 after induction chemo and 5‐fraction SBRT were retrospectively analyzed. Median dose of SBRT was 33 Gy (range, 25‐40 Gy). X2‐squared test was used to determine the difference in categorical distribution, and logistic regression evaluated associations between clinical factors and pathologic response. Complete pathologic response (pCR) was defined as no residual tumor at the time of surgery, and near pCR was defined as single cells of residual disease with marked fibrotic effect. The primary outcome was defined as near or complete pathologic response (npCR), compared to remaining patients. Other outcomes included margin‐negative (R0) resection. The model for multivariate logistic regression (MVA) included age >=65, head tumors, LAPC, >=4 months of CTX, >=30 Gy RT, and clinical trial participation. Results: LAPC comprised 48% of patients, 38% were male and median age was 62.5 years (range, 39.7‐83.6). The overall rates of pCR, npCR, and R0 resection were 8%, 27% and 88%, respectively. For patients who did and did not have npCR, there were more head lesions (86% vs 64%, P=.02), tumors >=3.0 cm (80% vs 69%, P ZNS), LAPC (66% vs 39%, P =0.01), administration of FOLFIRINOX‐based chemo (74% vs 69%, P =NS), clinical trial participation (34% vs 14%, P=0.02), and delivery of >=30 Gy SBRT (97% vs 88%, P =0.11) and a lower proportion of poorly differentiated tumors (26% vs 35%, P =NS) and receipt of >=4 months CTX (46% vs 55%, P =NS). On MVA, head lesion (OR 7.2, 95% CI: 2.0‐26.0, P =0.002) and LAPC (OR 5.7, 95% CI: 1.6‐20.6, P =0.008) were associated with npCR while the remaining factors were not significant. None of the above factors were associated with R0 status in this group. Conclusion: Among this select population of BRPC and LAPC patients who underwent resection after SBRT, head lesions, and LAPC were associated with improved pathologic response. This may reflect factors associated with response to therapy, as initially unresectable LAPC patients were converted to surgical candidates with majority (88%) achieving a R0 resection. Additional investigation is necessary to optimize pathologic response and long‐term outcomes.
A clinical phase-II trial of neoadjuvant chemoradiation therapy using S-1 for locally advanced pancreatic cancer (PerSeUS-GP-01); INTERVENTION: Surgical resection after chemoradiation therapy. S‐1 administration after the surgical resection. Radiation therapy concurrently with S‐1: S‐1; 80mg/m2/day (administration on the day of radiation therapy) Radiation therapy; a total dose of 39.6Gy by 22 fractions. Post operative chemotherapy with S‐1: S‐1; 80mg/m2 administration for 14 days, followed by a resting period for 7 days. CONDITION: Locally advanced pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: 1‐year survival rate SECONDARY OUTCOME: progression free survival, surgical resection rate, curative resection rate, effective rate and complication rate of the neoadjuvant chemoradiation therapy INCLUSION CRITERIA: Inclusion criteria : 1. Pancreatic cancer whose diagnosis was confirmed by pathological or imaging results. 2. Possibly resectable locally advanced pancreatic cancer, fulfilled at least one of the following criteria on CT findings: 1) Retroperitoneal invasion (RP): Shaggy sign of peripancreatic tissue is presented. 2) Direct invasion to the portal system (PV): Tumor causes deformity of the PV, but contacts it less than 1/4 circle, or no deformity but contacts more than 1/4 circle. 3)Direct invasion to the arteries (A): Tumor causes no deformity, and contacts them less than 1/4 circle. Not fulfilled any of the following criteria on CT findings: 4)Retroperitoneal invasion (RP): Tumor invades definitively to the inferior vena cava or aorta. 5)Direct invasion to the portal system (PV): Tumor causes severe stenosis or obstruction of the PV. 6)Invasion to the arteries (A): Tumor causes deformity or contacts them more than 1/4 circle.<
Neoadjuvant Therapy for Resectable Pancreatic Cancer: a New Standard of Care. Pooled Data From 3 Randomized Controlled Trials; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to pool data from randomized controlled trials (RCT) limited to resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) to determine whether a neoadjuvant therapy impacts on disease‐free survival (DFS) and surgical outcome. SUMMARY BACKGROUND DATA: Few underpowered studies have suggested benefits from neoadjuvant chemo (± radiation) for strictly resectable PDAC without offering conclusive recommendations. METHODS: Three RCTs were identified comparing neoadjuvant chemo (± radio) therapy vs. upfront surgery followed by adjuvant therapy in all cases. Data were pooled targeting DFS as primary endpoint, whereas overall survival (OS), postoperative morbidity, and mortality were investigated as secondary endpoints. Survival endpoints DFS and OS were compared using Cox proportional hazards regression with study‐specific baseline hazards. RESULTS: A total of 130 patients were randomized (56 in the neoadjuvant and 74 in the control group). DFS was significantly longer in the neoadjuvant treatment group compared to surgery only [hazard ratio (HR) 0.6, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.4‐0.9] (P = 0.01). Furthermore, DFS for the subgroup of R0 resections was similarly longer in the neoadjuvant treated group (HR 0.6, 95% CI 0.35‐0.9, P = 0.045). Although postoperative complications (Comprehensive Complication Index, CCI®) occurred less frequently (P = 0.008), patients after neoadjuvant therapy experienced a higher toxicity, but without negative impact on oncological or surgical outcome parameters. CONCLUSION: Neoadjuvant therapy can be offered as an acceptable standard of care for patients with purely resectable PDAC. Future research with the advances of precision oncology should now focus on the definition of the optimal regimen.
Nab-paclitaxel plus S-1 versus nab-paclitaxel plus gemcitabine as first-line chemotherapy in patients with advanced pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma: a randomized study; Purpose: To investigate the efficacy and safety of nab‐paclitaxel plus S‐1 (nab‐P/S) versus nab‐paclitaxel plus gemcitabine (nab‐P/G) as first‐line chemotherapy in patients with advanced pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC). Methods: Treatment‐naïve patients with advanced PDAC were equally randomized to receive nab‐P/S or nab‐P/G. The primary endpoint was the objective response rate (ORR). The secondary endpoints were ORR of the primary lesion, disease control rate, progression‐free survival (PFS), overall survival (OS) and safety. The trial was registered at https://clinicaltrials.gov as NCT03636308. Results: A total of 110 patients were planned for enrollment, but the trial was prematurely closed because no better ORR was observed with nab‐P/S among the first 40 patients assigned between 08/2018 and 06/2019. The ORR was numerically higher with nab‐P/S versus nab‐P/G (35.0% vs 25.0%, P = 0.49). The ORRs of the primary lesion for both arms were similar (30.0% and 25.0%, P = 0.72). Disease control rate was 70.0% in each arm. There was no significant difference in PFS and OS between the two arms (median PFS, 6.3 vs 5.7 months, P = 0.34; median OS, 10.2 vs 10.2 months, P = 0.92). Risks of hematological toxicity, liver injury and rash were significantly decreased in the nab‐P/S arm. Conclusions: A biweekly combination of nab‐P/S yielded comparable efficacy with nab‐P/G but improved safety profile. It may be a promising and convenient alternative as first‐line and neoadjuvant settings for advanced PDAC.
Predictive model for pancreatic steatosis after neoadjuvant chemotherapy in breast cancer: construction and ultrasound validation; Objective: To develop and verify a nomogram model for predicting occurrence of pancreatic steatosis (PS) after chemotherapy in breast cancer patients. Methods: A total of 215 breast cancer (BC) patients who underwent neoadjuvant chemotherapy in the hospital from February 2018 to November 2018 were prospectively collected for imaging and clinical data. Subjects were randomly divided into a training set (172 cases) and a validation set (43 cases) according to a random number table in a 4:1 ratio, and independent risk factors associated with PS were screened and modeled in a nomogram model after using single‐factor and multifactorial logistic regression analyses on the training set. The model's performance was evaluated through various analyses, including subject operating characteristic curve(ROC), calibration curves, decision curve (DCA), and clinical impact curve (CIC), assessing its predictive performance, precision, and practical value in a clinical setting. Results: The results of univariate and multifactorial binary logistic regression analyses showed that age, triglycerides, and whether or not neoadjuvant chemotherapy was an independent risk factor for the development of PS, and these three independent risk factors were used to further construct a nomogram model. The model demonstrated strong predictive efficacy with an area under the ROC curve of 0.817 (95% CI = 0.753–0.880) in the training set and 0.762 (95% CI = 0.615–0.901) in the validation set. Calibration curve analysis confirmed accurate prediction of PS, and both DCA and CIC confirmed the model's clinical utility and validity. Conclusion: The nomogram model developed in this study shows strong prediction effect, discriminatory power, and clinical applicability, serving as an intuitive and visual tool for assessing the risk of PS in breast cancer chemotherapy patients.
R0 resection following chemo (radio)therapy improves survival of primary inoperable pancreatic cancer patients. Interim results of the German randomized CONKO-007± trial; Purpose: Chemotherapy with or without radiotherapy is the standard in patients with initially nonmetastatic unresectable pancreatic cancer. Additional surgery is in discussion. The CONKO‐007 multicenter randomized trial examines the value of radiotherapy. Our interim analysis showed a significant effect of surgery, which may be relevant to clinical practice. Methods: One hundred eighty patients received induction chemotherapy (gemcitabine or FOLFIRINOX). Patients without tumor progression were randomized to either chemotherapy alone or to concurrent chemoradiotherapy. At the end of therapy, a panel of five independent pancreatic surgeons judged the resectability of the tumor. Results: Following induction chemotherapy, 126/180 patients (70.0%) were randomized to further treatment. Following study treatment, 36/126 patients (28.5%) underwent surgery; (R0: 25/126 [19.8%]; R1/R2/Rx [n = 11/126; 6.1%]). Disease‐free survival (DFS) and overall survival (OS) were significantly better for patients with R0 resected tumors (median DFS and OS: 16.6 months and 26.5 months, respectively) than for nonoperated patients (median DFS and OS: 11.9 months and 16.5 months, respectively; p = 0.003). In the 25 patients with R0 resected tumors before treatment, only 6/113 (5.3%) of the recommendations of the panel surgeons recommended R0 resectability, compared with 17/48 (35.4%) after treatment (p < 0.001). Conclusion: Tumor resectability of pancreatic cancer staged as unresectable at primary diagnosis should be reassessed after neoadjuvant treatment. The patient should undergo surgery if a resectability is reached, as this significantly improves their prognosis.
Randomized phase II study of gemcitabine plus radiotherapy versus gemcitabine, 5-fluorouracil, and cisplatin followed by radiotherapy and 5-fluorouracil for patients with locally advanced, potentially resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma; PURPOSE: A randomized phase II trial (E1200) was designed to assess toxicities and surgical resection rates in two neoadjuvant gemcitabine‐based chemoradiation regimens in patients with borderline resectable pancreatic cancer. The trial was terminated early due to poor accrual. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Patients with borderline resectable adenocarcinomas of the pancreas were enrolled. Arm A patients (n = 10) received gemcitabine 500 mg/m(2) IV weekly for 6 weeks, with radiation to 50.4 Gy followed by surgical resection. Arm B patients (n = 11) received preoperative gemcitabine 175 mg/m(2) on days 1, 5, 29, and 33, cisplatin 20 mg/m(2) on days 1‐5 and 29‐32, 5‐FU 600 mg/m(2) on days 1‐5 and 29‐32, followed by radiation with continuous infusion 5‐FU 225 mg/m(2) for 6 weeks. All patients received adjuvant gemcitabine 1,000 mg/m(2) weekly x 3 for five cycles. RESULTS: Three patients in arm A, and two patients in arm B were resected. Hematologic toxicity was comparable between the two arms except more patients in arm B developed grade 3 or 4 thrombocytopenia than those in arm A. Arm B had fewer grade 1‐2 GI toxicities although more patients (45%) experienced grade 3‐4 GI toxicity. CONCLUSIONS: This phase II trial showed that both regimens were tolerable, and resectability and survival were comparable to previous studies.
Implementation of Best Practices in Pancreatic Cancer Care in the Netherlands A Stepped-Wedge Randomized Clinical Trial; IMPORTANCE Implementation of new cancer treatment strategies as recommended by evidence‐based guidelines is often slow and suboptimal. OBJECTIVE To improve the implementation of guideline‐based best practices in the Netherlands in pancreatic cancer care and assess the impact on survival. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS This multicenter, stepped‐wedge cluster randomized trial compared enhanced implementation of best practices with usual care in consecutive patients with all stages of pancreatic cancer. It took place from May 22, 2018 through July 9, 2020. Data were analyzed from April 1, 2022, through February 1, 2023. It included all patients in the Netherlands with pathologically or clinically diagnosed pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma. This study reports 1‐year follow‐up (or shorter in case of deceased patients). INTERVENTION The 5 best practices included optimal use of perioperative chemotherapy, palliative chemotherapy, pancreatic enzyme replacement therapy (PERT), referral to a dietician, and use of metal stents in patients with biliary obstruction. A 6‐week implementation period was completed, in a randomized order, in all 17 Dutch networks for pancreatic cancer care. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES The primary outcomewas 1‐year survival. Secondary outcomes included adherence to best practices and quality of life (European Organisation for Research and Treatment of Cancer [EORTC] global health score). RESULTS Overall, 5887 patients with pancreatic cancer (median age, 72.0 [IQR, 64.0‐79.0] years; 50% female) were enrolled, 2641 before and 2939 after implementation of best practices (307 during wash‐in period). One‐year survival was 24% vs 23% (hazard ratio, 0.98, 95%CI, 0.88‐1.08). There was no difference in the use of neoadjuvant chemotherapy (11% vs 11%), adjuvant chemotherapy (48%vs 51%), and referral to a dietician (59% vs 63%), while the use of palliative chemotherapy (24% vs 30%; odds ratio [OR], 1.38; 95%CI, 1.10‐1.74), PERT (34% vs 45%; OR, 1.64; 95%CI, 1.28‐2.11), and metal biliary stents increased (74% vs 83%; OR, 1.78; 95%CI, 1.13‐2.80). The EORTC global health score did not improve (area under the curve, 43.9 vs 42.8; median difference, ‐ 1.09, 95%CI, ‐3.05 to 0.94). CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE In this randomized clinical trial, implementation of 5 best practices in pancreatic cancer care did not improve 1‐year survival and quality of life. The finding that most patients received no tumor‐directed treatment paired with the poor survival highlights the need for more personalized treatment options.
Pembrolizumab as Neoadjuvant Therapy for Resectable Stage IA3 to IIA Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC); The use of ctDNA levels and resolution in relation to treatment response has been studied in various types of cancer, notably melanoma, colorectal and pancreatic cancers. In pancreatic cancer, it was particularly noted to be useful for the prediction of recurrence and survival patterns. In NSCLC, there is a growing need to identify patients who are more likely to respond to immunotherapies given the rates of recurrence, and ctDNA was described to be a useful tool in the prediction of pathological response in this population. In fact, ctDNA was shown to correlate with disease resolution in NSCLC and higher levels of ctDNA in non‐responding patients. The central research question of this trial is focused on the ability to predict the occurrence of a pCR based on resolution of ctDNA detectability in early stage NSCLC. The biomarker collection plan will provide tumor and plasma samples from which whole exome sequencing will be performed to monitor disease response. The endpoint is focused on the elimination of ctDNA (both replicates = 0%) at the completion of systemic therapy, prior to surgical resection. All patients will be re‐tested for ctDNA levels 30 days post‐surgery to determine if those patients who did not experience ctDNA resolution after systemic therapy will experience resolution with the addition of surgery. With the ctDNA treatment response arc, the investigators will be able to address the primary objective of the study: to establish ctDNA levels in early stage NSCLC as a reliable measure of local disease burden in the context of systemic therapy, with the lower end of the detection limit correlating to the extent of pathological response. The investigators hypothesize that in a cohort of patients with stage IA3, IB and IIA NSCLC, pre‐operative pembrolizumab with or without histology‐specific chemotherapy will cause resolution of ctDNA detectability that correlates with a pathological complete response (pCR) to therapy.
Efficacy of Nutritional Support and Prehabilitation Before Pancreas Surgery; INTERVENTION: Participants will be randomized in 2 arms: (Intervention arm) Between the chemotherapy start date and the day before surgery, participants will take ENORAS Liquid 187.5 mL twice a day and will perform their prescribed prehabilitation program. (Control arm) Between the chemotherapy start date and the day before surgery, participants will take normal diet and will perform normal physical activities. CONDITION: Pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: Rate of change in serum cholinesterase level before and after neoadjuvant chemotherapy SECONDARY OUTCOME: 1. Amount of change in serum cholinesterase level before and after neoadjuvant chemotherapy, and amount and rate of change in serum albumin, prealbumin, transferrin and HbA1c level before and after neoadjuvant chemotherapy; 2. Amount and rate of change in muscle volume before and after neoadjuvant chemotherapy; 3. Amount and rate of change in physical function: 6 minute walk test, lower limb power, grip strength, one‐leg standing time, locomotive syndrome test, and body composition measured by BIA; 4. Amount and rate of change in quality of life before and after surgery; 5. Frequency of post‐operative complications; 6. Duration of hospitalization after surgery; 7. Cost of medical care; 8. Frequency of adverse events; 9. Days from surgery to adjuvant chemotherapy; 10. 1‐year recurrence rate; 11. 1‐year survival rate; 12. Relapse‐free survival; 13. Overall survival INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. With resectable pancreatic cancer scheduled for neoadjuvant chemotherapy, gemcitabine and S‐1, and pancreatic resection 2. ASA performance status of 1‐2 3. Aged between 18 and 85 years old at the time of informed consent is taken 4. Male or female 5. Able and willing to give written informed consent with sufficient understanding after having received sufficient explanation 6. Able to attend all scheduled visits
Radiation therapy in patients with palliative double by pass for locally advanced pancreatic adenocarcinoma: is it useful?; Introduction: Pancreatic cancer (PC) is one of the most aggressive types of neoplasia. Is one of the fewdiseases that has no changed overall survival in recent years despite therapeutic efforts. It represents the fourth cause of death by cancer, with more than 100 deaths per year inwestern countries. Aim: To compare outcomes in patients with palliative double by pass due to locally advanced PAC treated or not with radiotherapy. Background: Surgery with curative intent has shown the best long‐term oncological results for the treatment of pancreatic adenocarcinoma (PAC). However,90%of these tumors are unresectable at the time ofdiagnosisdueto local or systemic disease. The first therapeutic attempts are minimally invasive or conventional procedures to palliate symptoms. The benefits of chemotherapy iswell described. However, there is controversy about the use of radiation therapy in patients with locally advanced PAC. Method: Method: Prospective cohort study of patients with palliative double by pass for locally advanced PAC between June 2006 and August 2015. The cohort was divided in 2 groups: treated with postoperative radiotherapy vs non‐exposed group. The standard chemotherapy protocol for locally advanced PAC was based on Gemcitabine 1000 mg/m2 + Oxaliplatin 85mg/m2 every 14 days. The radiotherapy protocol includes total doses of 45‐50.4 Gy (fraction was given by 1.8/2 Gy, 5 days a week). Results: 74 patients were included, 36 in the radiotherapy group and 38 in the non‐exposed group. Surgical complications in the non‐exposed group was 15.8% vs. 25% in the exposed group (p=0.325). Therewere no differences between postoperative complications and the indication of receiving radiotherapy (p=0.325). More than 98% of complications of radiotherapy were mild (nausea or diarrhea) without hospitalization, and 85% of patients completed the treatment. Overall survival at 1 and 2 years for patients in the non‐exposed group was 50% and 28%; and 64% and 35% respectively in the exposed group (p = 0.11) (power 72%). HR 0.53 (CI95%:0.24‐1.18) Discussion: The goal of palliative treatment in advanced pancreatic cancer are palliative treatmet of symptoms and oncological treatmet to improve survival. There are controversies in endoscopic managment of LAPC in early stages for patients with good performance status, because they probably need to repeat endoscopic procedures or even a surgery. The postoperative complications we had were mostly mild and were not a reason to delay or not to start oncological treatment in a timely manner. Most of the surgicall bypasses were made incidentaly in our series, due to the tendency to place endoscopic stents when unresectable in the preoperative is well known. When symptoms have been treated palliatively, it is necessary to complement an especific oncological treatment In order to generate a positive impact on survival. Postoperative radiotherapy after double by pass operation is used based on evidence often controversial. The indication is not uniform either, since it depends fundamentally of the custom of the treating team and there is a lack of consensus between physicians (oncologists and surgeons). Conclusion: W‐eve observed a significant clinical improve in the survival in patients with postoperative radiotherapy. However w‐eve not had enough power to demonstrate this difference, possible due to the small sample size. It is indispensable to develop randomized and prospective trials to guide more.
Comparisons of different neoadjuvant chemotherapy regimens with or without stereotactic body radiation therapy for borderline resectable pancreatic cancer: study protocol of a prospective, randomized phase II trial (BRPCNCC-1); Background: Few patients with pancreatic cancer may be candidates for immediate surgical resection at the initial diagnosis. Even if patients with borderline resectable pancreatic cancer (BRPC), micrometastases may occur before surgery. Therefore, neoadjuvant therapy is vital for improved survival, which has been confirmed in previous studies that neoadjuvant chemotherapy with or without radiotherapy provides superior overall compared with upfront surgery. However, question of whether the addition of radiotherapy to neoadjuvant chemotherapy can improve prognosis compared with chemotherapy alone is a challenging matter. Moreover, most of previous studies only adopted conventional radiotherapy as the neoadjuvant modality though stereotactic body radiation therapy (SBRT) has been proven effective and commonly employed in pancreatic cancer. Also, no studies have evaluated the efficacy of S‐1 as the neoadjuvant chemotherapy regimen for BRPC albeit similar prognosis has been found between S‐1 and gemcitabine in advanced pancreatic cancer. Hence, the aim of this study is to investigate whether neoadjuvant chemotherapy plus SBRT results in better outcomes compared with neoadjuvant chemotherapy alone and also compare the efficacy of gemcitabine plus nab‐paclitaxel with SBRT and S‐1 plus nab‐paclitaxel with SBRT. Methods: Patients with biopsy and radiographically confirmed BRPC, no prior treatment and severe morbidities are enrolled. They will be randomly allocated into three groups: neoadjuvant gemcitabine plus nab‐paclitaxel, neoadjuvant gemcitabine plus nab‐paclitaxel with SBRT and neoadjuvant S‐1 plus nab‐paclitaxel with SBRT. Standard doses of gemcitabine and nab‐paclitaxel are used. The radiation dose of SBRT is 7.5‐8Gy/f for 5 fractions. Surgical resection will be performed 3 weeks after SBRT. Artery first approach pancreaticoduodenectomy or radical antegrade modular pancreatosplenectomy will be used for the tumor in the head or body and tail of the pancreas, respectively. The primary endpoint is overall survival. The secondary outcomes are disease free survival, pathological complete response rate, R0 resection rate and incidence of adverse effects. Discussion: If results show the survival benefits of neoadjuvant chemotherapy plus SBRT and similar outcomes between S‐1 and gemcitabine, it may provide evidence of clinical practice of this modality for BRPC. Trial registration: The study has been registered in ClinicalTrial.gov (NCT03777462).
Neoadjuvant Chemoradiotherapy Versus Upfront Surgery for Resectable and Borderline Resectable Pancreatic Cancer: long-Term Results of the Dutch Randomized PREOPANC Trial; PURPOSE: The benefit of neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy in resectable and borderline resectable pancreatic cancer remains controversial. Initial results of the PREOPANC trial failed to demonstrate a statistically significant overall survival (OS) benefit. The long‐term results are reported. METHODS: In this multicenter, phase III trial, patients with resectable and borderline resectable pancreatic cancer were randomly assigned (1:1) to neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy or upfront surgery in 16 Dutch centers. Neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy consisted of three cycles of gemcitabine combined with 36 Gy radiotherapy in 15 fractions during the second cycle. After restaging, patients underwent surgery followed by four cycles of adjuvant gemcitabine. Patients in the upfront surgery group underwent surgery followed by six cycles of adjuvant gemcitabine. The primary outcome was OS by intention‐to‐treat. No safety data were collected beyond the initial report of the trial. RESULTS: Between April 24, 2013, and July 25, 2017, 246 eligible patients were randomly assigned to neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy (n = 119) and upfront surgery (n = 127). At a median follow‐up of 59 months, the OS was better in the neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy group than in the upfront surgery group (hazard ratio, 0.73; 95% CI, 0.56 to 0.96; P = .025). Although the difference in median survival was only 1.4 months (15.7 months v 14.3 months), the 5‐year OS rate was 20.5% (95% CI, 14.2 to 29.8) with neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy and 6.5% (95% CI, 3.1 to 13.7) with upfront surgery. The effect of neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy was consistent across the prespecified subgroups, including resectable and borderline resectable pancreatic cancer. CONCLUSION: Neoadjuvant gemcitabine‐based chemoradiotherapy followed by surgery and adjuvant gemcitabine improves OS compared with upfront surgery and adjuvant gemcitabine in resectable and borderline resectable pancreatic cancer.
A randomized phase II trial on neoadjuvant chemotherapy in resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma; Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) has a remarkable trend to metastasize early. Accordingly, there is a strong rational to investigate neoadjuvant chemotherapy in patients with resectable disease. We conducted a multicenter randomized phase II trial (PACT‐15; NCT01150630) to assess the role of combination chemotherapy in perioperative setting. Treatment‐naïve patients with 18e75 yr, KPS >60 pathologically confirmed stage I‐II resectable PDAC were randomized to 1. surgery followed by 6 cycles of adjuvant gemcitabine 1000 mg/m21,8,15 q4w (arm A), 2. surgery followed by 6 cycles of adjuvant PEXG (cisplatin 30 mg/m2, epirubicin 30 mg/m2, and gemcitabine 800 mg/m2 1,15 q4w and capecitabine 1250 mg/m2/day 1e28) (arm B), 3. neoadjuvant CT made by 3 cycles of PEXG before surgery followed by 3 cycles after surgery (arm C). The primary endpoint was 1 year event‐free survival (EFS); the secondary endpoints were EFS, overall survival (OS), and to assess the differences between arm A + B and arm C in pathological findings. With H0 40%; H1 55% (a 0.088; b 0.19) 54 patients per arm were needed. Due to the slow accrual rate the study was prematurely closed. Between Sep 2010 and April 2015, 88 eligible patients were randomized in 8 centers (arm A: 26, B: 31, C: 31). Basal patients and tumor characteristics were well balanced across arms. Pathological results are summarized in the table. Conclusions: Patients receiving neoadjuvant chemotherapy had longer EFS and OS as compared to those receiving adjuvant treatment. Albeit the trial was prematurely concluded, it provides the strongest piece of evidence currently available in favor of neoadjuvant chemotherapy in resectable PDAC.
Phase Ib study testing neoadjuvant transforming growth factor (TGF)-b antibody, NIS793, plus 5-fluorouracil, irinotecan, and oxaliplatin chemotherapy (FOLFIRINOX) in patients (pts) with borderline resectable (BR)/locally advanced (LA) pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC); Background: Overcoming resistance to chemotherapy and immune checkpoint inhibitors remains an unmet need for PDAC. In this context, TGF‐β plays a key role in PDAC by promoting the activation of fibroblasts and extracellular matrix deposition, facilitating epithelial‐to‐mesenchymal transition, immune evasion, and resistance to chemotherapy. Combination of FOLFIRINOX with losartan, an indirect TGF‐β inhibitor with antifibrotic properties, has shown an increased R0 resection rate in pts with BR/LA PDAC, providing the rationale to explore the combination of other TGF‐β targeting agents with FOLFIRINOX in the neoadjuvant setting (PMID: 34884782; PMID: 31145418). NIS793 is a firstin‐ class monoclonal antibody that directly binds TGF‐β and reduces intratumoral fibrosis in preclinical models (PMID: 33298926). NIS793 also has an acceptable safety profile and preliminary clinical activity. This study investigates whether NIS793 modulation of the tumor fibrotic network improves clinical outcomes of FOLFIRINOX neoadjuvant therapy in BR/LA PDAC. Our aim is to demonstrate how TGF‐β inhibition and stroma remodeling contribute to clinical outcomes. Methods: This is a single institution, open label, 2‐part, 2‐arm, non‐comparator, Phase Ib study (NCT05417386) of FOLFIRINOX + NIS793 as neoadjuvant therapy for pts with untreated BR/LA PDAC. Eligible pts are adults with measurable disease, adequate organ and bone marrow function, and ECOG PS ≤1. In Part 1 (safety run‐in), 6‐18 pts with histologically confirmed untreated metastatic PDAC receive FOLFIRINOX + NIS793 at different dose levels. Dose escalation is primarily guided by the number of dose‐limiting toxicities. Primary objectives are assessing safety, defining the recommended Phase II dose (RP2D), and providing initial evidence of clinical benefit of the combination. In Part 2, pts with untreated BR/LA PDAC are randomized 4:1 and stratified by BR vs LA. Pts in Arm 1 (n=5) receive 8 cycles of FOLFIRINOX followed by chemoradiation therapy (CRT) and surgery. Pts in Arm 2 (n=23) receive 8 cycles of FOLFIRINOX + NIS793 at RP2D followed by CRT + NIS793, surgery, and 12 cycles of adjuvant NIS793. The primary endpoint is R0 resection rate. Secondary endpoints are disease‐free survival, progression‐free survival, overall survival, and pathologic complete response. The effect of neoadjuvant therapy will be assessed by ferumoxytol‐MRI, circulating cell‐free DNA dynamics analysis, single‐cell RNA sequencing, immunohistochemistry, and digital spatial analysis. Together, these correlative analyses may enable development of a mechanistic model for TGF‐β inhibition in PDAC.
Status of surgical studies in oncology. II; Recent prospective randomised trials dealt with the optimal extent of surgical resection as well as with preoperative therapy modalities in pancreatic, rectal and breast cancer. In pancreatic cancer extended lymphadenectomy did not improve overall survival. Total mesorectal excision remarkably changed surgery for rectal cancer. Rate of local recurrence of rectal cancer could be significantly reduced by preoperative irradiation. In advanced rectal cancers curative resection and sphincter preservation seems possible due to multimodal preoperative therapy. It has been demonstrated that in appropriate cases breast‐preserving resection is comparable to mastectomy with respect to overall survival. Up to now it is not quite clear if sentinel node sampling is equivalent to routine lymphadenectomy. Following neoadjuvant chemotherapy breast‐preservation rate is significantly higher, but survival is not significantly increased.
Preoperative chemoradiotherapy versus immediate surgery for resectable and borderline resectable pancreatic cancer (PREOPANC-1): a randomized, controlled, multicenter phase III trial; Background: Standard of care for patients with (borderline) resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma is resection followed by adjuvant chemotherapy. Previous studies suggest a benefit of neoadjuvant treatment. We conducted a multicenter phase III randomized controlled trial to evaluate the effect of preoperative chemoradiotherapy. Methods: Patients with (borderline) resectable pancreatic cancer, pathologically confirmed, were randomized between immediate surgery (arm A) and preoperative chemoradiotherapy (arm B), both followed by adjuvant chemotherapy. The preoperative chemoradiotherapy consisted of 15 times of 2.4 Gray (Gy) combined with gemcitabine, 1,000 mg/m2 on days 1, 8 and 15, preceded and followed by a cycle of gemcitabine. Primary endpoint was overall survival (OS), secondary endpoints were (R0) resection rate, disease free survival (DFS), distant metastases free interval (DMFI), locoregional recurrence free interval (LRFI) and toxicity. Accrual was completed between April 23, 2013 and July 25, 2017. Results: In total, 246 patients were included in the intention‐to‐treat analysis (127 patients in arm A and 119 in arm B). Currently, 142 of the 176 needed events for the primary outcome are observed. OS was significantly better in arm B (median 13.5 vs. 17.1 months; HR 0.71; p = 0.047). This was also the case for R0 resection rate (31% vs. 65%, p = < 0.001), DFS (median 7.9 vs. 11.2 months; HR 0.67; p = 0.010), DMFI (median 10.2 vs 17.1 months; HR 0.63; p = 0.012) and LRFI (median 11.8 vs not reached; HR 0.47; p < 0.001). Resection rates were 72% (91/127) in arm A vs. 62% (74/119) in arm B (p = 0.15). No significant difference was observed in grade ≥ 3 adverse events between both groups (p = 0.17). A subgroup analysis of patients who actually underwent a resection was performed which showed a median OS of 16.8 and 29.9 months respectively (p < 0.001). Conclusion: Our preliminary data show that preoperative chemoradiotherapy significantly improves outcome in (borderline) resectable pancreatic cancer compared to immediate surgery. Updated results will be presented at the meeting.
JCOG2101C: preoperative therapy of GS vs. GnP randomized trial for resectable pancreatic cancer in geriatric patients; INTERVENTION: Arm A: Neoadjuvant chemotherapy with gemcitabine (1,000 mg/m2, IV, day 1, 8) plus S‐1 (80‐120 mg/day, p.o., day 1‐14) followed by surgery and adjuvant chemotherapy with S‐1 (80‐120 mg/day, p.o., day 1‐28) Arm B: Neoadjuvant chemotherapy with gemcitabine (1,000 mg/m2, IV, day 1, 8) plus nab‐paclitaxel (125 mg/m2 day 1, 8, 15) followed by surgery and adjuvant chemotherapy with S‐1 (80‐120 mg/day, p.o., day 1‐28) CONDITION: resectable pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: Overall survival SECONDARY OUTCOME: Progression‐free survival, response rate of neoadjuvant chemotherapy, pathological response rate, proportion of no resection, proportion of R0 resection, incidence of adverse events, proportion of non‐IADL decline INCLUSION CRITERIA: (1) Histologically or cytologically proven pancreatic carcinoma meeting either one of the following conditions in primary tumor. (i) Histologically proven invasive ductal carcinoma; adenocarcinoma (well differentiated type, moderately differentiated type, or poorly differentiated adenocarcinoma) or adenosquamous carcinoma (ii) Cytologically proven Class IV or Class V and it is radiologically diagnosed to be compatible with invasive ductal carcinoma (2) Resectable pancreatic cancer by chest computed tomography (CT) and enhanced abdominal/pelvic CT. (3) Open surgery is scheduled for pancreatic cancer. (4) Age, 70 ‐ 79 years. (5) ECOG performance status, 0 or 1. (6) No Grade 2 or greater peripheral sensory neuropathy or peripheral motor neuropathy. (7) Sufficient oral intake (8) No watery stool. (9) No previous chemotherapy, radiotherapy, immunotherapy, or surgery for pancreatic cancer (treatment of jaundice and staging laparoscopy are acc
Neoadjuvant chemotherapy with gemcitabine and S1 (GS) for pancreatic cancer planned resection; Surgical resectability of pancreatic cancer (PC) was defined by the findings including general, oncological, and anatomical condition. Tumors without contact adjacent major vessels (Resectable) or only with port‐mesenteric vein (BR‐PV) are considered to be potentially R0‐resectable PC (PC planned resection), and planned curative resection. Standard care for PC planned resection is Upfront‐surgery (U‐S) followed by adjuvant. Recent progress of post‐operative chemotherapy has improved the survival of resected PC with recover after surgery, however, approximately half of the patients with PC planned resection could not receive the planned best practice (both curative surgery and adjuvant). Neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NAC) is a promising alternative for PC planned resection to maximize the population receiving best practice. PC patients with Resectable or borderline resectable (BR‐PV) planned U‐S or NAC with gemcitabine and S1 (NAC‐GS) were reviewed by Intention‐to‐Treat analysis (ITT). From 2001 to 16, 336 eligible patients were treated by U‐S or NAC‐GS in our department. NAC‐GS prolonged the survival, compared to U‐S significantly (p=.028) by ITT. By subgroup analysis, BR‐PV treated by NAC‐GS showed a significant longer median survival (33.9 months, p=.0043) than U‐S (21.0 months). NAC‐GS improved the surrogate endpoint, significantly increased the population of normal tumor marker value after resection (p=.0007). The proportion of on‐protocol cohort for NAC‐GS was significantly higher than that for U‐S (p=.022). PREP‐02/JSAP05 (UMIN9634) is a prospective randomized Phase‐II/III trial to evaluate superiority in survival of NAC‐GS against U‐S in patients with resectable and BRPV PC. The enrollment was finished with 364 patients from 47 centers on January 2016. Phase‐II revealed the non‐inferiority of resection rate of NAC‐GS against U‐S. This study will determine the efficacy of NAC‐GS in addition to surgery followed by post‐operative adjuvant for PC planned resection.
'HEATPAC' - A phase II randomized study of concurrent thermochemoradiotherapy versus chemoradiotherapy alone in locally advanced pancreatic cancer; Background: Pancreatic cancer has a dismal prognosis with 5‐year overall survival rate of around 5%. Although surgery is still the best option in operable cases, majority of the patients who present in locally advanced stages are deemed inoperable. Novel approaches are therefore needed for the management of around 80% of these inoperable locally advanced pancreatic cancers (LAPC). Hyperthermia (39‐43°C) is a potent radiosensitizer and further enhances the action of gemcitabine, also a known radiosensitizer. Thus through triple sensitization, a combination of hyperthermia, radiotherapy and gemcitabine could be expected to improve the therapeutic outcomes in LAPC. Methods: This phase II randomized trial, HEATPAC in unresectable LAPC, explores the feasibility and efficacy of concurrent thermochemoradiotherapy (HTCTRT) over chemoradiotherapy (CTRT) alone with pre‐ and post‐intervention FOLFIRINOX at standard dosage and schedule. Following 4cycles of neoadjuvant FOLFIRINOX, patients with no metastasis and absence of gross peritoneal carcinomatosis would be randomized to either (a) control arm: concurrent CTRT with gemcitabine (400mg/m2, weekly ×6) or (b) study arm: locoregional hyperthermia (weekly ×6 during radiotherapy) with concurrent CTRT (same as in control arm). All patients would receive simultaneous‐integrated boost intensity‐modulated radiation therapy to doses of 56Gy and 50.4Gy to the gross and clinical target volumes respectively delivered in 28 fractions over 5.5weeks. Deep locoregional hyperthermia would be administered weekly and monitored with real‐time intraduodenal multisensor thermometry probe. A temperature of 40‐43°C for 60min would be aimed for each hyperthermia session. On completion of CTRT/HTCTRT, patients of both groups would receive an additional 8cycles of FOLFIRINOX. Discussion: The expected 1‐year baseline overall survival with CTRT alone is considered as 40%. With HTCTRT, a survival advantage of +20% is expected. Considering α=0.05 and β=0.80 for sample size computation, a total of 86 patients would be equally randomized into the two treatment groups. This phase II study if found to be safe and effective, would form the basis of a future phase III randomized study. Trial registration: The trial has been registered with the ClinicalTrials.gov( NCT02439593 ). The study has been approved by the Ethical Commissions of Basel and Zurich and is open for patient recruitment.
A Preliminary Controlled Trial of Endoscopic Ultrasound-guided Fiducial Markers to Guide Pancreas Surgery; OBJECTIVE: Endoscopic ultrasound (EUS) is routinely used for fiducial marker placement (FMP) to guide stereotactic radiation of pancreatic tumors, but EUS‐FMP explicitly to guide surgery has not been studied in a prospective, controlled manner. Multipurpose EUS systems have been developed that facilitate simultaneous EUS‐FMP at the time of biopsy. We aimed to evaluate the feasibility of EUS‐FMP to guide pancreatic resection. METHODS: In this prospective trial, we enrolled patients with resectable pancreas masses undergoing tissue sampling and placed preloaded fiducials immediately after biopsy. Intraprocedure confirmation of carcinoma, neuroendocrine, and nonlymphomatous neoplasia by rapid on‐site evaluation and lesion size <4 cm was required. The main outcomes were the feasibility and ease of preoperative placement and intraoperative detection of the markers using predefined Likert scales. RESULTS: In 20 patients, EUS‐FMP was successful before planned surgery and placement was technically straightforward (Likert Scale: 9.1 ± 1.3; range: 1, most challenging to 10, most facile). Intraoperative detection was feasible and improved when compared with a pre‐established comparator of 5 representing an equivalent lesion without a marker (Likert Scale: 7.8 ± 2.2; range: 1, most difficult to 10, most facile; P = 0.011). The mean tumor size on EUS was 1.7 ± 0.9 (range: 0.5 to 3.6) cm. CONCLUSION: EUS‐FMP is feasible and safe for resectable pancreatic tumors before surgery and may assist in perioperative detection. Preloaded fiducials may be considered for placement at the time of initial referral for EUS‐fine needle biopsy.
Randomized multicenter phase II/III study with adjuvant gemcitabine versus neoadjuvant/adjuvant FOLFIRINOX in resectable pancreatic cancer: the NEPAFOX trial; Background: The outcome of pancreatic cancer remains poor. Few patients (pts) can be assigned to surgery and 80% of resected pts experience a relapse. Currently, adjuvant ctx with gemcitabine is standard, but prognosis remains poor, with 5‐year survival rates around 25%. FOLFIRINOX is superior to gemcitabine in the metastatic setting and may represent a valuable option in resectable stages. Therefore, we initiated this multicenter phase II/ III trial (NEPAFOX) to explore the efficacy of neoadjuvant FOLFIRINOX. Methods: This is a randomized phase II/III trial. Pts with locally limited, curatively resectable or borderline resectable adenocarcinoma of the pancreas without metastases are eligible. Eligible pts are randomized to (arm A) surgery followed by adjuvant gemcitabine (1000 mg/m2) for 6 months or (arm B) perioperative FOLFIRINOX (irinotecan 180 mg/m2, oxaliplatin 85 mg/m2, 5‐FU 400mg/m2 bolus, 5‐FU 2400 mg/m2, sodium folinate 400 mg/m2) with 6 cycles (12 weeks) pre and further 6 cycles post surgery. Staging includes CT of chest and abdomen and will be repeated after 3 cycles of neoadjuvant chemotherapy, before surgery and every 3 months after surgery. Follow‐up will be two years for disease recurrence. As prophylaxis for neutropenia, pts will obtain Filgrastim (Nivestim) ( 70 kg KG 30MioU/0,5 mL and > 70 kg KG 48 MioU/0,5 mL) s.c. 1‐0‐0 d 5‐7). The primary endpoint is median OS. Secondary endpoints are median PFS, perioperative morbidity and mortality, R0 resection rate, pathological complete remission and prevalence of iron deficiency anemia. 126 pts will be randomized 1:1. After an interims analysis, the trial can be continued as phase III (310 pts). Recruitment of the trial started in Nov 2014.
Surgical quality for patients (pts) treated with neoadjuvant chemotherapy vs chemoradiation for locally advanced rectal cancer (LARC): PROSPECT (NCCTG N1048, alliance); Background: Radiation with sensitizing fluoropyrimidine (5FUCRT) is a standard curative intent treatment for LARC. The PROSPECT trial compared FOLFOX chemotherapy with selective use of 5FUCRT (intervention) to 5FUCRT (control) for neoadjuvant treatment prior to total mesorectal excision (TME) for LARC and the primary endpoint of non‐inferiority disease‐free survival was met. Analyzing quality of surgery is key to interpreting the results of PROSPECT. Methods: Trial eligibility included cT2N+, cT3N‐, cT3N+ rectal cancers deemed appropriate for neoadjuvant therapy prior to TME. Exclusions included tumors not amenable to sphincter preservation, T4 disease, threatened radial margins, or > 4 enlarged lymph nodes. Pts were randomized 1:1 to 5FUCRT with 5040 cGy over 5.5 weeks with capecitabine or 5FU (control) or 6 cycles of mFOLFOX6 (intervention) followed by restaging. Secondary and post hoc surgical quality endpoints included: rate of sphincter preservation, completeness of TME, number of lymph nodes examined, radial margin status, length of hospital stay, reoperation, readmission, and rate of ostomy formation. Results: From 6/2012 to 12/2018, 1194 pts were randomized, 1128 initiated protocol‐assigned treatment, and 1045 completed surgery. Median age was 57 years, 34.4% were women, 61.9% had clinically positive nodes, 78.9% of tumors were <10 cm from the anal verge with a median tumor height of 8 cm. The table shows surgical quality outcomes. [Formula presented] Conclusions: Low rate of positive radial margin along with high rate of complete/near complete TME and number of lymph nodes examined demonstrate a high quality of surgery in this multicenter trial. More pts treated with 5FUCRT (relative to the FOLFOX arm) required an ostomy and readmission within 30 days of surgery. Clinical trial identification: NCT01515787. U 10CA180821, U10CA180882; U10CA180863 and CCS 707213 (CCTG); U10CA180820 (ECOG‐ACRIN); UG1CA189867 and U10CA180868 (NRG Oncology); U10CA180888 (SWOG). Legal entity responsible for the study: Alliance. Funding: Support: U10CA180821, U10CA180882. Disclosure: Q. Shi: Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Kronos Bio; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board, DSMB: Hoosier Cancer Research Network, Yiviva Inc., Mirati Therapeutics Inc; Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant: Genentech, Bristol Myers Squibb, Novartis, Johnson & Johnson. J. Goldberg: Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: LM Education and Exchange Services, LLC, Institute of Surgical Excellence, Noble Insights; Financial Interests, Personal, Research Funding: Genentech. M. Gollub: Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: GSK. B.L. Musher: Financial Interests, Personal, Research Funding: Lokon Pharma, Merck. T. George: Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Pfizer, Array, Tempus, BilliontoOne. E.M. O'Reilly: Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Boehringer Ingelheim, BioNTech, Merck, AstraZeneca, Novartis, Fibrogen, Astellas, Tempus, Merus, Bristol Myers Squibb, Berry Genomics, Exelixis, Incyte, Helio, Neogene, Newbridge, QED, Sevier, Thetis, Vector, Yiviva; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board, +Spouse: Ipsen; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board, Spouse: Genentech/Roche, Eisai; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board, + spouse: Autem; Financial Interests, Institutional, Local PI: Genentech/Roche, Arcus, Elicio; Financial Interests, Personal and Institutional, Coordinating PI: BioNTech; Financial Interests, Institutional, Coordinating PI: AstraZeneca, Pertzye; Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant: Parker Institute for Cancer Immunotherapy; Non‐Financial Interests, Other, Scientific and Medical Advisory Board: Pancreas Cancer Action Network; Non‐Financial Interests, Member of Board of Directors: National Pancreas Foundation; Other, Editor: American Society of Clinical Oncology, American Association of Cancer Research (AACR); Other, Advisor/no compensation: Thetis, BioSapien. J. Meyerhardt, H. Mamon: Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Merck. D. Schrag: Financial Interests, Personal, Research Funding: GRAIL; Financial Interests, Personal, Stocks or ownership: Merck; Financial Interests, Personal, Royalties: JAMAA. All other authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
Randomized phase II trial of chemoradiotherapy with S-1 versus combination chemotherapy with gemcitabine and S-1 as neoadjuvant treatment for resectable pancreatic cancer (JASPAC 04); Background: Although neoadjuvant treatment (NAT) has been widely employed for resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC), it is still unclear what kind of regimen is recommended. The aim of the study is to investigate which chemoradiotherapy (CRT) with S‐1 or combination chemotherapy with gemcitabine (GEM) and S‐1 is more promising as NAT for resectable PDAC in terms of effectiveness and safety. Methods: Patients with resectable PDAC were enrolled and randomly assigned into either CRT group or chemotherapy group. In the CRT group, a total radiation dose of 50.4 Gy in 28 fractions was administered and S‐1, at a dose of 30, 40 or 50 mg according to the body surface area, was orally provided twice a day on the same day of irradiation. In the chemotherapy group, GEM was intravenously administered at a dose of 1000 mg/m2on day 1 and 8 and S‐1 was orally provided at a dose of 30, 40 or 50 mg according to the body surface area twice daily on day 1 to 14 followed by one week reset. Patients in the chemotherapy group received two cycles of this regimen. Surgery was performed between 15 and 56 days after the last day of NAT. The primary endpoint was 2‐year progression‐free survival (PFS) rate. With 50 patients in each group, the study had 80% power assuming a threshold 2‐year PFS rate of 25% and an expected 2‐year PFS rate of 40% at 0.05 onesided alpha. The trial was registered with the UMIN Clinical Trial Registry as UMIN000014894. Results: From April 2014 and April 2017, 103 patients were enrolled from 11 institutions in Japan. One was excluded because of ineligibility, therefore 51 patients in CRT group and 51 patients in chemotherapy group constituted the intention‐to‐treat analysis. The 2‐year PFS rate was 45% (90% CI, 33‐60%) in the CRT group and 55% (43‐65%) in the chemotherapy group (p = 0.52). The hazard ratio for chemotherapy to CRT was 0.78 (0.46‐1.31). The median survival time was 37.7 (95% CI, 30.3‐NE) in the CRT group and NE (29.9‐NE) in the chemotherapy group (p = 0.30). There was no treatment‐related death in both groups. Conclusions: Combination chemotherapy with GEM and S‐1 may be more promising compared with CRT with S‐1 as NAT for resectable PDAC.
JCOG2202: randomized phase III trial of laparoscopic versus open distal pancreatectomy for pancreatic cancer; INTERVENTION: Arm A: Open distal pancreatectomy with regional lymph node dissection + adjuvant chemotherapy (S‐1 X4 cycle) Arm B: Laparoscopic distal pancreatectomy with regional lymph node dissecton + adjuvant chemotherapy (S‐1 X4 cycle) *Robot‐assisited distal pancreatectomy is allowed in arm B *S‐1: 80‐120 mg/body, day 1‐28, by mouth, twice daily CONDITION: Resectable pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: Overall survival SECONDARY OUTCOME: Recurrence‐free survival, Proportion of patients with R0 resection, Operation time, Estimated blood loss, Maximum incision length, Proportion of patients with completion of laparoscopic surgery, Incidence of surgical adverse events, Perioperative mortality rate, Length of postoperative hospital stay INCLUSION CRITERIA: (1) Pancreatic tumor diagnosed by contrast‐enhanced abdominal computed tomography (CT) meeting either one of the following conditions. (i) Histologically proven invasive ductal carcinoma (adenocarcinoma or adenosquamous carcinoma) (ii) Cytologically proven Class IV or Class V In case of the following conditions, pancreatic tumor radiologically compatible with invasive ductal carcinoma is eligible without pathological diagnosis. (a) No neoadjuvant chemotherapy (b) Endoscopic ultrasound‐guided tissue acquisition or endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography can not be performed safely. (2) Tumor located in the body or tail of the pancreas. (3) Resectable pancreatic cancer by contrast‐enhanced CT. Patients treated with preoperative chemotherapy fulfill both (i) and (ii). (i) Resectable pancreatic cancer before chemotherapy. (ii) Resectable pancreatic cancer after chemotherapy. (4) Muximum length of the tumor <= 8 cm. (5) Curative re
Improved surgical margins with neoadjuvant versus adjuvant chemotherapy in clinical stage i resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma: a national cancer database study; Introduction: A strengthening consensus exists for neoadjuvant therapy (NAT) in borderline resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma (PA), but the utilization of NAT in resectable stage I PA remains controversial. Many cancer centers are using NAT for these patients (pts), but others continue to offer upfront surgery and adjuvant therapy (AT). We hypothesized that NAT would improve margin negative resection in clinical stage I resectable PA. Methods: We utilized the IRB approved 2016 national cancer database for pancreas to establish a cohort of stage I PA pts. We divided this subset into pts who underwent NAT vs AT. We compared demographics. Primary endpoint was surgical margins. Results: 10,453pts from 2004 to 2016 had clinical stage I resectable PA: 8483pts (81.1%) AT and 1970pts (18.9%) total or partial NAT. There was a statistical difference in age (64.9 ± 9.9years NAT and 66.2 ± 9.9years AT, p<0.001), but no difference in Charlson comorbidity score (p=0.1693). NAT pts had significantly higher margin negative resection rates (84.5%) than AT pts (79.4%) (p<0.0001). Final pathologic staging was available for 10,237 pts: 8369 (81.8%) AT and 1868 (18.2%) NAT. Significantly fewer pts were upstaged on final pathology to stage II or greater (73.5%) in the NAT group than the AT group (84.1%) (p<0.001). Conclusions: NAT leads to significantly higher margin negative rates for resectable clinical stage I PA than surgery followed by AT. The majority of pts for both groups were upstaged suggesting that we continue to clinically understage the majority of pts. Overall, total or partial NAT for clinical stage I resectable PA provides a better chance for margin negative resection. Further study in the form of a randomized control trial is necessary. (Table Presented) .
Improved surgical margins with neoadjuvant versus adjuvant chemotherapy in clinical stage I resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma: a national cancer database study; Background: A strengthening consensus exists for neoadjuvant therapy (NAT) in borderline resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma (PA), but the utilization of NAT in resectable stage I PA remains controversial. Many cancer centers are using NAT for these patients (pts), but others continue to offer upfront surgery and adjuvant therapy (AT). We hypothesized that NAT would improve margin negative resection in clinical stage I resectable PA. Methods: We utilized the IRB approved 2016 national cancer database for pancreas to establish a cohort of stage I PA pts. We divided this subset into pts who underwent NAT vs AT. We compared demographics. Primary endpoint was surgical margins. Results: 10,453pts from 2004 to 2016 had clinical stage I resectable PA: 8483pts (81.1%) AT and 1970pts (18.9%) total or partial NAT. There was a statistical difference in age (64.9 ± 9.9years NAT and 66.2 ± 9.9years AT, p<0.001), but no difference in Charlson comorbidity score (p=0.1693). NAT pts had significantly higher margin negative resection rates (84.5%) than AT pts (79.4%) (p<0.0001). Final pathologic staging was available for 10,237 pts: 8369 (81.8%) AT and 1868 (18.2%) NAT. Significantly fewer pts were upstaged on final pathology to stage II or greater (73.5%) in the NAT group than the AT group (84.1%) (p<0.001). Conclusions: NAT leads to significantly higher margin negative rates for resectable clinical stage I PA than surgery followed by AT. The majority of pts for both groups were upstaged suggesting that we continue to clinically understage the majority of pts. Overall, total or partial NAT for clinical stage I resectable PA provides a better chance for margin negative resection. Further study in the form of a randomized control trial is necessary. (Table Presented).
Neoadjuvant FOLFIRINOX versus neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy and adjuvant chemotherapy for (borderline) resectable pancreatic cancer: update on the PREOPANC-2 study; Background: The recent Dutch PREOPANC‐1 study demonstrated that neoadjuvant gemcitabine based chemoradiotherapy (CRT) followed by adjuvant gemcitabine has a superior radical resection rate and survival outcomes compared to upfront resection in patients with (borderline) resectable pancreatic cancer ((B)RPC). Potentially, neoadjuvant FOLFIRINOX could further improve these Results. The PREOPANC‐2 study aims to investigate whether neoadjuvant chemotherapy with FOLFIRINOX improves overall survival compared to neoadjuvant gemcitabine based chemoradiotherapy and adjuvant chemotherapy in (B)RPC patients. Material & Methods: This multicenter randomized controlled trial (RCT) includes patients with pathologically proven (B)RPC and a WHO performance score 0 or 1. Resectability is defined as ≤90 degrees arterial and ≤270 degrees venous and involvement. Patients are randomized to receive 8 cycles of neoadjuvant FOLFIRINOX chemotherapy (arm A), or 3 cycles of neoadjuvant gemcitabine with hypofractionated radiotherapy (36 Gy in 15 fractions) added during the second cycle, followed by surgery and adjuvant 4 cycles of gemcitabine (arm B). The primary endpoint is overall survival by intention‐to‐treat. Secondary endpoints include progression‐ and disease‐free survival, quality of life, and (R0) resection rate. Furthermore, a variety of circulating biomarkers including ctDNA, miRNA, tumor‐educated platelets, immune profiling and proteomics will be collected at five sampling moments during neoadjuvant and perioperative treatment. 252 events are needed for a power of 80% to find 7 months difference in overall survival. Total sample size is 368 patients, with an accrual period of 3 years and 1.5 year of follow‐up after last inclusion. Results: Ten out of 18 DPCG centers have started accruing patients, and 33 (9%) patients have been randomized. Most high‐volume centers have started, with a current accrual rate of 5 ‐ 10 patients per month. Biomarkers have been collected from >90% of sampling moments. Conclusion: Neoadjuvant FOLFIRINOX is a promising treatment for (B)RPC patients. The PREOPANC‐2 evaluates its effectiveness in an RCT. [Formula presented]
Standard pancreatoduodenectomy versus extended pancreatoduodenectomy with modified retroperitoneal nerve resection in patients with pancreatic head cancer: a multicenter randomized controlled trial; Background: The extent of pancreatoduodenectomy for pancreatic head cancer remains controversial, and more high‐level clinical evidence is needed. This study aimed to evaluate the outcome of extended pancreatoduodenectomy (EPD) with retroperitoneal nerve resection in pancreatic head cancer. Methods: This multicenter randomized trial was performed at 6 Chinese high‐volume hospitals that enrolled patients between October 3, 2012, and September 21, 2017. Four hundred patients with stage I or II pancreatic head cancer and without specific pancreatic cancer treatments (preoperative chemotherapy or chemoradiation) within three months were randomly assigned to undergo standard pancreatoduodenectomy (SPD) or EPD, with the latter followed by dissection of additional lymph nodes (LNs), nerves and soft tissues 270° on the right side surrounding the superior mesenteric artery and celiac axis. The primary endpoint was overall survival (OS) by intention‐to‐treat (ITT). The secondary endpoints were disease‐free survival (DFS), mortality, morbidity, and postoperative pain intensity. Results: The R1 rate was slightly lower with EPD (8.46%) than with SPD (12.56%). The morbidity and mortality rates were similar between the two groups. The median OS was similar in the EPD and SPD groups by ITT in the whole study cohort (23.0 vs. 20.2 months, P = 0.100), while the median DFS was superior in the EPD group (16.1 vs. 13.2 months, P = 0.031). Patients with preoperative CA19–9 < 200.0 U/mL had significantly improved OS and DFS with EPD (EPD vs. SPD, 30.8 vs. 20.9 months, P = 0.009; 23.4 vs. 13.5 months, P < 0.001). The EPD group exhibited significantly lower locoregional (16.48% vs. 35.20%, P < 0.001) and mesenteric LN recurrence rates (3.98% vs. 10.06%, P = 0.022). The EPD group exhibited less back pain 6 months postoperation than the SPD group. Conclusions: EPD for pancreatic head cancer did not significantly improve OS, but patients with EPD treatment had significantly improved DFS. In the subgroup analysis, improvements in both OS and DFS in the EPD arm were observed in patients with preoperative CA19–9 < 200.0 U/mL. EPD could be used as an effective surgical procedure for patients with pancreatic head cancer, especially those with preoperative CA19–9 < 200.0 U/mL.
Prospective study for the effects of pancreatic enzyme supplement therapy on quality of life and nutritional assessment after pancreas resection; Introduction: After pancreas resection, impairment of pancreas exocrine function reported up to 68∼80%. But there were not many studies about effects of pancreatic enzyme supplements (PES) therapy after operation. Aim of this study is to analyze the effects of PES therapy on nutrition and quality of life after pancreas resection. Method: This study was prospective RCT (randomized controlled trial) comparing pancreatic enzyme supplement (lipase 25,000 unit/cap) group with placebo group. From 2009 to 2011, 222 patients with informed consent were enrolled. 64 patients were excluded from this study for recurrence, follow‐up loss and medication protocol violations. Finally 158 patients (study group 99, placebo 59) were analyzed with body weight, triceps skin fold thickness (TSFT), serum albumin, protein, prealbumin, transferrin, questionnaire about quality of life and symptoms including diarrhea and steatorrhea. Follow‐up schedules were prospectively planned; preoperative, postoperative, post‐op 3 months and post‐op 6 months. Results: One hundred and nine pancreaticoduodenectomy (PD), 44 distal pancreatectomy (DP) and 5 other type operations were analyzed. Diarrhea symptom decreased in PES group (p = 0.063) but other symptoms and nutritional index were not different between two groups. As a result of subgroup analysis between preoperative and 6 months F/U, PES group showed increased albumin, prealbumin than placebo group in PD group (p = 0.075, 0.076), increased protein, prealbumin in chemotherapy group (p = 0.021, 0.065). In comparison between 3 months and 6months F/U, PES group showed better body weight, relative body weight (RBW) than placebo group in cancer, cancer with PD, chemotherapy group (p = 0.028, 0.019, 0.059). PES group also revealed increased prealbumin in overall study populations (p = 0.048), increased protein in chemotherapy group (p = 0.021) Conclusions: PES group showed marginal improvement trend in several nutritional factors and symptoms in PD group, not DP group, and chemotherapy group. But, study population number is relatively small and statistical power is not high enough. Additional clinical studies using higher‐dose PES is needed.
Is preoperative biliary stenting associated with increased rates of complications in patient undergoing pancreatoduodenectomy? A review of national surgical quality improvement program data; Presenter: Elizabeth Olecki MD | Penn State Hershey Medical Center Background: Biliary obstruction with associated jaundice is a common presentation of neoplasms in the head of the pancreas and is often treated with endoscopic biliary stent placement to allow for drainage prior to surgical resection, especially when pursuing neoadjuvant treatment. As utilization of neoadjuvant treatment continues to rise, use of preoperative biliary stenting will also likely continue to increase in this population. A prior randomized trial demonstrated trend towards increased surgical complications with preoperative biliary stenting. Despite increasing frequency of use, the relationship of endoscopic biliary stenting and postoperative complications has not been well described using multi‐institutional data. Methods: Data from the National Surgical Quality Improvement Project (NSQIP) Pancreatectomy Targeted Participant Use Data File (PUF) was used to identify all patients from 2014‐2017 who underwent pancreatoduodenectomy for malignant neoplasms. Those who had endoscopic biliary stent and those without preoperative biliary stent were included in the study. Patients with percutaneous stents were excluded. Chi‐square test and multivariable logistic regression were used to compare demographic, oncologic, and short‐term outcomes between groups with and without preoperative biliary stent placement. Results: Of the 5,524 patients included in this study, 3,321 (60.1%) had endoscopic biliary stents placed prior to surgical resection. The stent group was older, more likely to be male, had a higher ASA class, had significant preoperative weight loss, and had a higher rate of neoadjuvant chemotherapy and radiation compared to the group without preoperative biliary stenting (all p<0.05). Prior to surgery, average serum total bilirubin was higher in the stent group (2.0 mg/dl) compared to the non stent group (1.5 mg/dl) (p<0.001). The stent group had longer median operative time compared to the non‐stent group (364 minutes vs 352 minutes, p=0.003), greater percentage with hard gland texture (49.1% vs 36.4%, p<.001), and were more likely to have vascular reconstruction at the time of surgery (16% vs 13.7%, p=0.02). When controlling for demographic and operative characteristics, the non‐stent group had lower overall complications rates and lower rates of post‐operative infections compared to the stent group. There was no significant difference in mortality and rate of pancreatic fistula when comparing the groups (see attached table). Conclusion: Preoperative endoscopic biliary stenting is commonly performed prior to pancreatoduodenectomy, with 60.1% of patients in this study found to have preoperative biliary stent placement. In this analysis, preoperative stenting was not associated with increased postoperative mortality or rate of pancreatic fistula, however, stent placement was associated with higher rates of overall postoperative complications, specifically infectious complications. Recognition of increased rates of overall complications associated with stent placement allows for a more accurate risk‐benefit analysis when developing perioperative surgical planning for patients undergoing pancreaticoduodenectomy for malignant pancreatic head neoplasms. Despite the increased use of neoadjuvant therapy, upfront surgery for appropriate candidates should be considered. [Formula presented]
Laparoscopic Versus Open Pancreatoduodenectomy Following Neoadjuvant Chemotherapy for BRPC; Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) is one of the most aggressive tumors with an increasing incidence and constitutes the fourth leading cause of cancer‐related deaths. Radical resection remains the potential curative treatments for selected patients, and the Miami international evidence‐based guidelines suggest that minimally invasive resection is feasible, safe, and oncologically equivalent for PDAC patients compared with open surgery. Furthermore, minimally invasive pancreatomy was associated with better overall and disease‐free survival. However, only 15% to 20% PDAC patients are eligible for upfront surgery at the time of initial diagnosis. For borderline resectable PDAC, studies have confirmed that neoadjuvant therapy can provide more oncological benefits than upfront surgery, such as improved rates of margin‐negative resection and decreased incidence of lymph node metastases. Additionally, short‐term neoadjuvant therapy has been shown to improve postoperative survival. These findings support the use of short‐term neoadjuvant therapy in borderline resectable PDACs, as recommended by the National Comprehensive Cancer Network guidelines. Neoadjuvant therapy can lead to severe fibrosis in the localized tumor tissue, which may hinder dissection and increase the risk of dangerous and bloody surgery. Furthermore, most anatomically borderline resectable PDACs have a large diameter and are in close proximity to major blood vessels, making the surgical procedure more complex and challenging. To date, there is insufficient evidence to determine the feasibility and safety of minimally invasive pancreatectomy compared to open surgery after neoadjuvant therapy. This study aims to evaluate the safety and efficacy of laparoscopic pancreatoduodenectomy (LPD) versus open pancreatoduodenectomy (OPD) for borderline resectable PDAC following neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NACT) through a multicenter randomized controlled clinical trial.
High thromboembolic event rate in patients with locally advanced esophageal cancer during neoadjuvant therapy. A pre-planned analysis of the intergroup phase III trial SAKK 75/08; Introduction: High rates of venous thromboembolic events (VTE) are reported for patients (pts) with upper GI‐cancers (stomach, pancreas) and treatment with Cisplatin (Cis), but mainly in retrospective analyses and in advanced disease. A prospective analysis of VTE in pts with resectable esophageal cancer is warranted. Methods: Pre‐planned analysis of VTE in a multicenter phase III trial according to reported AEs and SAEs from start of preoperative treatment until 6 months postoperatively. Pts with resectable esophageal cancer (T2N1‐3;T3‐4aNx) received 2 cycles of induction chemotherapy with Docetaxel (Doc) 75mg/m2, Cis 75 mg/m2 followed by chemoradiation (CRT) with 45 Gy, Doc 20 mg/m2 and Cis 25 mg/m2 weekly and then surgery or were randomly assigned to the same treatment with addition of neoadjuvant and adjuvant Cetuximab. Results: Of 300 pts 29 VTE were reported in 26 pts with an incidence rate (IR) of 8.7%. 3 pts had 2 VTE. 72% (21/29) of all VTE occurred preoperatively: 14% (4/29) during induction chemotherapy and 59% (17/29) during CRT. No significant difference between treatment arms was found, odds ratio (OR) 0.8 [95%CI 0.4‐1.9], p = 0.7. Grades (G) of VTE according to CTCAE v4.0: 3% (1/29) G1, 41% (12/29) G2, 45% (13/29) G3 and 10% (3/29) G5. In a multivariable logistic regression including baseline hemoglobin, thrombocytes, neutrophils, BMI, treatment arm and histology, only adenocarcinoma (IR 11.1%, 21/189) compared to squamous cell cancer (IR 4.5%, 5/111) was significantly associated with VTE‐risk during treatment, OR 2.9 [95%CI 1.02;8.4], p = 0.046. Baseline Khorana risk score (KRS) for VTE was 0 in 73% (19/26), 1‐2 in 23% (6/26) of pts and 3 in one patient with VTE (> 3 corresponds to high‐risk with recommendation to consider prophylaxis). Median PFS in pts with VTE was 2.1 yrs vs. 2.5 yrs for pts without VTE. Conclusions: This first prospective analysis of VTE in pts with resectable esophageal cancer reveals a high IR during perioperative therapy of almost 9% comparable to high‐risk pts according to KRS. Only one of these pts would have been identified by KRS as high‐risk. Prophylactic anticoagulation balanced against individual bleeding risks could be considered in esophageal cancer pts treated with neoadjuvant Cis‐based CT and RCT, especially in adenocarcinoma.
Post-Stereotactic Body Radiation Therapy (SBRT) Neutrophil-to- Lymphocyte Ratio (NLR) in patients with Borderline Resectable Pancreatic Cancer (BRPC) may be a prognostic biomarker; Purpose/Objective(s): Recently, the neutrophil‐to‐lymphocyte ratio (NLR) has been shown to predict prognosis in multiple different tumor types, such as non‐small cell lung cancer, colorectal cancer and ovarian cancer. In metastatic pancreatic cancer and locally advanced unresectable pancreatic cancer, a high pre‐treatment NLR as well as a continued high post‐treatment NLR is also associated with a poorer prognosis. The prognostic significance of NLR in the setting of BRPC patients treated with neoadjuvant chemotherapy followed by stereotactic body radiation therapy (SBRT) has not been reported and could have a role in patient selection for surgery post treatment. Materials/Methods: An IRB‐approved retrospective review of outcomes in 78 patients with borderline resectable pancreatic cancer receiving neoadjuvant gemcitabine based chemotherapy for 2‐ 3 cycles followed by a 5 fraction regimen of stereotactic body radiation therapy was completed. The SBRT was delivered with focal dose escalation to the tumor/borderline vessel interface (median 35 Gy). Pre‐SBRT and post‐SBRT neutrophil/lymphocyte ratios were calculated. The relationship of NLR to overall survival (OS) and disease‐free survival (DFS) was examined. Results: The median pre SBRT NLR was 2.82 and the median post SBRT NLR was 3.6. Post treatment, 29/71 (40.8%) had a decrease in NLR showing improvement. A post‐SBRT NLR > 5 was associated with a significantly decreased overall survival (P=.004, HRZ3.851) while an NLR < 3.6 significantly increased overall survival (P = 0.044, HR = 2.353). Disease free survival, pre‐treatment values, and absolute NLR value change were not significant. Conclusion: A high post‐SBRT NLR (>5) is associated with a poorer prognosis in patients with BRPC undergoing neoadjuvant therapy with neoadjuvant gemcitabine based chemotherapy followed by 5 fraction SBRT. A low post‐SBRT (<3.5) NLR was associated with a longer overall survival. Although further confirmation in prospective trials is needed, our data suggests that post SBRT NLR may be a useful prognostic biomarker to select patients for consideration of surgery versus further systemic therapy.
Effect of preoperative arterial infusion chemotherapy and chemoradiation therapy for locally advanced resectable pancreatic cancer; INTERVENTION: arterial infusion chemotherapy chemoradiation therapy CONDITION: pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: response rate SECONDARY OUTCOME: resection rate INCLUSION CRITERIA: Histologically or cytologically confirmed locally advanced resectable pancreatic cancer Patients should be chemo native Must have evaluable disease by standard radiographic criteria Clinical performance status of ECOG 0, 1, 2 Must be able to take oral ingestion Must be able to understand and sign the Informed Consent Document No history of prior malignancies within the 2 years prior to enrollment
Feasibility and efficacy of preoperative chemoradiation and postoperative liver perfusion chemotherapy for T3 (UICC) pancreatic cancer; INTERVENTION: Chemoradiation EXRT 50Gy gemcitabine 1000mg/m2 Liver perfusion chemotherapy 5FU 125mg/day via hepatic artery, 125mg/day via portal vein for 4 weeks (continuous infusion) or gemcitabine 1g via portal vein 1/w for 3‐4weeks CONDITION: Pancreatic cancer ; T3 of UICC TNM classification of malignant tumours 6th edition) PRIMARY OUTCOME: safety, survival SECONDARY OUTCOME: pathological response, pattern of failure INCLUSION CRITERIA: Pancreatic cancer ; T3 of UICC TNM classification of malignant tumours 6th edition) Histological or cytological confirmation as pancreatic adenocarcinoma Performance status (ECOG) is 0 or 1
Efficacy and safety of neoadjuvant therapy with stereotactic body radiation therapy followed by nab-paclitaxel/gemcitabine plus camrelizumab for resectable, borderline resectable and locally advanced pancreatic cancer: preliminary results; Background: Neoadjuvant therapy has been attempted to improve local control and prolong survival for pancreatic cancer patients. However, the standard treatment has not been defined. This trial was to evaluate the efficacy and safety of nab‐paclitaxel/gemcitabine plus camrelizumab with or without stereotactic body radiation therapy (SBRT) in patients with resectable, borderline‐resectable pancreatic cancer (BRPC) and locally advanced pancreatic cancer (LAPC). Methods: This prospective clinical trial was designed to include patients pathologically confirmed and previously untreated resectable pancreatic cancer, BRPC and LAPC. Patients were randomized to receive either SBRT (5 Gy × 5), four courses of nab‐paclitaxel 125 mg/m2, gemcitabine 1000 mg/m2 (administered intravenously on days 1, 8 of each 21‐day cycle) plus Camrelizumab 200mg (every three weeks) followed by surgery (Arm A) or only four courses of nab‐paclitaxel, gemcitabine and Camrelizumab followed by surgery (Arm B). The primary endpoint was objective response rate (ORR), and the second endpoints were disease control rate (DCR), margin‐negative (R0) resection rate, progression‐free survival (PFS), overall survival (OS) and toxicity. Results: From March 2021 to Jan 2022, 14 eligible patients were enrolled. Eight patients were randomly assigned to Arm A while 6 to Arm B. The median follow‐up duration was 33 weeks. Overall, 9 patients completed preoperative therapy and were eligible for response assessment. Among the 9 patients, 4 (44.4%) had partial response (PR), 4 (44.4%) had stable disease (SD), while one had progressive disease (PD). The ORR was 44.4% (4/9), and DCR was 88.9% (8/9). Five of these 9 patients received pancreatectomy with a resection rate of 71.4% (5/7) and the R0 resection rate was 100% (5/5). The reasons why the other 4 patients did not undergo surgery were progression of disease (n = 1), refusal of surgery (n = 1), and still in the interval of neoadjuvant therapy to surgery (n = 2). The most common adverse events of grade 3 or higher were neutropenia (22.2%), neuropathy (11.1%) and thrombocytopenia (11.1%). Median CA 19‐9 level was 116U/ml (2 to 12000) in baseline while decreased to 69U/ml (2 to 4832) before surgery. The median OS or PFS has not been reached yet. Conclusions: The neoadjuvant therapy of nab‐paclitaxel/gemcitabine plus camrelizumab with or without SBRT had a good safety and efficacy in patients with resectable pancreatic cancer, BRPC and LAPC.
Enhanced antitumour immunity following neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy mediates a favourable prognosis in women with resected pancreatic cancer; Background: This study investigates sex disparities in clinical outcomes and tumour immune profiles in patients with pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) who underwent upfront resection or resection preceded by gemcitabine‐based neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy (nCRT). Methods: Patients originated from the PREOPANC randomised controlled trial. Upfront surgery was performed in 82 patients, and 66 received nCRT before resection. The impact of sex on overall survival (OS) was investigated using Cox proportional hazards models. The immunological landscape within the tumour microenvironment (TME) was mapped using transcriptomic and spatial proteomic profiling. Results: The 5‐year OS rate differed between the sexes following resection preceded by nCRT, with 43% for women compared with 22% for men. In multivariate analysis, the female sex was a favourable independent prognostic factor for OS only in the nCRT group (HR 0.19; 95% CI 0.07 to 0.52). Multivariate heterogeneous treatment effects analysis revealed a significant interaction between sex and treatment, implying increased nCRT efficacy among women with resected PDAC. The TME of women contained fewer protumoural CD163+MRC1+M2 macrophages than that of men after nCRT, as indicated by transcriptomic and validated using spatial proteomic profiling. Conclusion: PDAC tumours of women are more sensitive to gemcitabine‐based nCRT, resulting in longer OS after resection compared with men. This may be due to enhanced immunity impeding the infiltration of protumoral M2 macrophages into the TME. Our findings highlight the importance of considering sex disparities and mitigating immunosuppressive macrophage polarisation for personalised PDAC treatment.
Preliminary safety data from a randomized multicenter phase Ib/II study of neoadjuvant chemoradiation therapy (CRT) alone or in combination with pembrolizumab in patients with resectable or borderline resectable pancreatic cancer; Background Tumor‐infiltrating lymphocytes (TILs) do not reach the pancreatic cancer (PC) cells in significant numbers due to the presence of stroma and a suppressive microenvironment [1]. Neoadjuvant chemoradiation (CRT) can increase the presence of TILs in the PC microenvironment (PCME) [2]. We tested the combination of CRT and pembrolizumab for the first time in patients with pancreatic cancer in the neoadjuvant setting. Methods Patients with resectable or borderline resectable pancreatic cancer are randomized 2:1 to receive pembrolizumab intervenously every 3 weeks during concurrent CRT with capecitabine (825 mg/m2 orally twice daily, 5 days/week, on days of radiation only) and radiation (50.4 Gy in 28 fractions over 28 days) or Arm B to receive only concurrent CRT with capecitabine. Results As of July 5, 2016 a total of 13 patients have been enrolled on the study (9 on Arm A and 4 on Arm B). Six patients had resectable disease (4 on arm A and 2 on arm B) while 7 patients had bordeline resectable disease (5 on Arm A and 2 on arm B). Post‐neoadjuvant therapy, 2 patients were determined to have unresectable disease (both on arm B) and 4 patients underwent surgery (2 on each arm). Seven patients remain on neoadjuvant treatment. All grade toxicities related to treatment are summarized in Fig. 62. There were five grade 3 toxicities reported in Arm A: 2 patients had diarrhea attributed to CRT and resolved after holding the treatment; 2 patients had lymphopenia attributed to pembrolizumab or the combination; and one patient had elevated alkaline phosphatase related to the combination that met the definition of DLT and resolved after holding the treatment and receiving steroids. There was only one grade 3 toxicity reported on Arm B: lymphopenia attributed to CRT. There were no surgical complications reported within 30 days post‐surgery in all patients who underwent surgery. Conclusions The study safety stopping boundaries have not been met and the study will continue enrolling patients. (Figure Presented).
Quality assurance of the PREOPANC trial (2012-003181-40) for preoperative radiochemotherapy in pancreatic cancer : the dummy run; BACKGROUND: The Dutch Pancreatic Cancer Group initiated the national, multicentre, controlled PREOPANC trial, randomising between preoperative radiochemotherapy and direct explorative laparotomy for patients with (borderline) resectable pancreatic cancer. The aim of this dummy run is to evaluate compliance with the radiotherapy protocol of this trial, and the quality of delineation and radiation plans. METHODS: Eleven radiation oncology departments open for accrual of patients in the PREOPANC trial were provided with all necessary information of a selected 'dummy' patient. Each institute was asked to delineate the target volumes, including gross tumour volume, internal gross tumour volume (iGTV), internal clinical target volume, and planning target volume. The institutions were also asked to provide a radiation treatment plan in accordance with the PREOPANC trial protocol. RESULTS: The range of the iGTV was 19.3‐77.2 cm3 with a mean iGTV of 41.5 cm3 (standard deviation 14.8 cm3). Nine institutions made a treatment plan using an arc technique for treatment delivery, one an intensity modulated technique and one a 3‐field conformal technique. All institutions reached the prescribed target coverage, without exceeding the organs at risk constraints. The institution with the 3‑field conformal technique was advised to use a more sophisticated technique (e. g. volumetric modulated arc therapy) to reduce the dose to the spinal cord. CONCLUSION: All institutions showed acceptable deviations from the PREOPANC trial protocol and achieved an acceptable quality of delineation and radiation technique. All institutions were allowed to continue participation in the PREOPANC trial.
Phase 2a trial of GBS-01 for advanced pancreatic cancer refractory to gemcitabine and fluoropyrimidine chemotherapy; INTERVENTION: GBS‐01 is orally administered at the dose of 6g q.d. CONDITION: Advanced pancreatic cancer refractory to gemcitabine and fluoropyrimidine chemotherapy PRIMARY OUTCOME: Disease control rate (DCR) SECONDARY OUTCOME: Adverse events; Response rate (RR); Progression free survival (PFS); Overall survival (OS); PK parameter; effect to cancer stem‐like cell INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1)Histologically proven invasive ductal carcinomas of pancreas (papillary adenocarcinoma, tubular adenocarcinoma ‐well differentiated type, ‐moderately differentiated type ,or poorly differentiated adenocarcinoma, adenosquamous carcinoma) 2)Refractory to gemcitabine and fluoropyrimidine chemotherapy by the following reason. i)Radiologically or clinically confirmed progression disease ii)Recurrence during or within 12 weeks after the last administration of the adjuvant/ neoadjuvant chemotherapy 3)Adequate oral intake 4)Having a measurable lesion according to RESICT ver1.1 5)Aged 20 or over 6)PS (ECOG) of 0 to 1 7)The period from the end of previous treatment to the enrollment must be satisfied following criteria. ‐ GEM, S‐1, GEM+S‐1, GEM+erlotinib, immunotherapy, or palliative radiotherapy: >=14 days ‐ other chemotherapy or radiotherapy for pancreas : >=28 days 8)Adequate organ function 9)Written informed consent
Multicenter prospective randomized phase II/III study of neoadjuvant chemoradiation with gemcitabine in patients with borderline resectable pancreatic cancer; Background: Concrete evidence on the best treatment strategy for borderline resectable pancreatic cancer (BRPC) is still absent. The aim of this study was to compare the treatment outcome of neoadjuvant treatment followed by surgical resection with upfront surgery in BRPCthrough a randomized prospective trial. Methods:A multicenter prospective randomized phase II/III trial was designed to enroll 110 BRPC patients from 4 tertiary referral hospitals in Korea. 2‐year survival rate (YSR) was the primary endpoint. Overall survival, 1‐YSR, and R0 resection rate were secondary endpoints. Intention‐to‐treat analysis was performed and an interim analysis was scheduled after 50% enrollment. Results: At interim analysis, 27 patients were allocated to neoadjuvantgroup and 28 to upfront surgery group. The overall survival at 2‐year was 39.3% with median survival of 17 months. The 2‐YSR was significantly better in neoadjuvant group compared to that of upfront surgery group (46.6% vs. 31.0%, p=0.011). 1‐YSR for neoadjuvant and upfront surgery groups were 80.0% and 43.9%, respectively. The R0 resection rate was also significantly higher in neoadjuvant group (76.4% vs. 30%, p=0.004). Conclusion:Based on this prospective randomized trial, neoadjuvant chemoradiation should be considered first rather than upfront surgery when establishing treatment strategy for BRPC patient.
PancFit: multimodal Exercise During Preoperative Therapy for Pancreatic Cancer; Study Groups: If you are found to be eligible to take part in this study, you will be randomly assigned (as in the flip of a coin) to 1 of 2 study arms. This is done because no one knows if one study arm is better than, the same, or worse than the other group. If you are in Arm A, you will not take part in a structured exercise program. If you are in Arm B, you will take part in a structured exercise program and behavioral skills training as described below. Length of Study: You will continue to take part in this study for up to 7 months after your scheduled standard‐of‐care surgery. However, if intolerable side effects occur or the disease appears to get worse, the study staff will decide if continuing the exercise program is in your best interest. Study Visits: At your baseline visit, after you complete chemotherapy and/or radiation, 3‐6 weeks after surgery, and then 3‐7 months after surgery: ‐ You will complete 4 questionnaires about your physical abilities, motivation, and quality of life. They should take about 25 minutes total to complete. ‐ Your hand grip strength will be measured using a hand‐held machine ‐ Your arm strength will be measured using an arm curl test. You will be given a small weight (about 5‐8 pounds) and asked to perform as many bicep curls as you can for 30 seconds. ‐ You will be asked to rise from a chair without using your arms to push off. ‐ You will complete a 6‐minute walk test to see how far you can walk in 6 minutes. ‐ You will complete a nutritional questionnaire and receive nutritional counseling. The questionnaire will ask about your diet and any recent weight loss. It should take about 5 minutes to complete. After you complete the questionnaire, you will receive educational materials and personalized counseling based on your answers. ‐ If you are in Arm B, you will receive behavioral skills training to teach you ways to monitor your health, set goals, and reward yourself. It should take about 15 minutes to complete. ‐ At the baseline visit, you will be given a Fitbit Charge 2 activity tracker to wear during the study. This is a small device designed to record your physical activity and sleep during the study. This device will allow you to monitor your own physical activity and sleep and may help you achieve your goals. You can keep the Fitbit after the study is over. If you are in Arm B, one (1) time each week for the first 4 weeks and then every 2 weeks after that, a member of the study staff will contact you by phone for behavioral skills training and to see how you are doing. These calls should last about 15 minutes. For 2 weeks during each phase of chemotherapy and/or radiation you receive, you will wear a small activity monitor on an elastic band. This will be worn in addition to your Fitbit. Exercise Programs: ARM A: If you are in Arm A, you will be encouraged to remain active during chemotherapy and/or radiation, but you will not receive instruction about aerobic or strengthening exercises. You will receive a booklet that contains a stretching guide with full‐body stretches and safety. ARM B: If you are in Arm B, you will be asked to complete up to 30 minutes of moderate‐intensity aerobic exercise (such as brisk walking, stationary cycling, and/or elliptical or stair stepping machines) for at least 5 days each week. You will also complete strength training exercises at least 2 times per week. You will complete 1 set of 10‐15 repetitions for each of the 8 exercises that you are taught. Over time, the amount of resistance, repetitions, and/or sets may increase or decrease based on your strength. You will be given 5 different resistance tubes to complete these exercises, but you may use free‐weights or machines if you prefer. You should complete warm up exercises and 5 minutes of stretching before and after strength training. You must keep a daily activity log to document your exercises.
Impact of nationwide enhanced implementation of best practices in pancreatic cancer care (PACAP-1): a multicenter stepped-wedge cluster randomized controlled trial; Background: Pancreatic cancer has a very poor prognosis. Best practices for the use of chemotherapy, enzyme replacement therapy, and biliary drainage have been identified but their implementation in daily clinical practice is often suboptimal. We hypothesized that a nationwide program to enhance implementation of these best practices in pancreatic cancer care would improve survival and quality of life. Methods/design: PACAP‐1 is a nationwide multicenter stepped‐wedge cluster randomized controlled superiority trial. In a per‐center stepwise and randomized manner, best practices in pancreatic cancer care regarding the use of (neo)adjuvant and palliative chemotherapy, pancreatic enzyme replacement therapy, and metal biliary stents are implemented in all 17 Dutch pancreatic centers and their regional referral networks during a 6‐week initiation period. Per pancreatic center, one multidisciplinary team functions as reference for the other centers in the network. Key best practices were identified from the literature, 3 years of data from existing nationwide registries within the Dutch Pancreatic Cancer Project (PACAP), and national expert meetings. The best practices follow the Dutch guideline on pancreatic cancer and the current state of the literature, and can be executed within daily clinical practice. The implementation process includes monitoring, return visits, and provider feedback in combination with education and reminders. Patient outcomes and compliance are monitored within the PACAP registries. Primary outcome is 1‐year overall survival (for all disease stages). Secondary outcomes include quality of life, 3‐ and 5‐year overall survival, and guideline compliance. An improvement of 10% in 1‐year overall survival is considered clinically relevant. A 25‐month study duration was chosen, which provides 80% statistical power for a mortality reduction of 10.0% in the 17 pancreatic cancer centers, with a required sample size of 2142 patients, corresponding to a 6.6% mortality reduction and 4769 patients nationwide. Discussion: The PACAP‐1 trial is designed to evaluate whether a nationwide program for enhanced implementation of best practices in pancreatic cancer care can improve 1‐year overall survival and quality of life. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT03513705. Trial opened for accrual on 22th May 2018.
Clinical Trials of Systemic Chemotherapy for Resectable Pancreatic Cancer: a Review; Importance: Adjuvant chemotherapy is the standard of care for resected pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) based on level 1 evidence, but some studies suggest that a neoadjuvant approach (which is standard for borderline resectable PDAC) may be preferable for upfront resectable PDAC. An in‐depth review was conducted of all randomized clinical trials that investigated neoadjuvant and adjuvant treatment of patients with resectable or resected PDAC, focusing on trial design, characteristics of enrolled population, and long‐term outcomes. Observations: The existing resectable PDAC trials have good internal validity but variable applicability because of their restrictive eligibility criteria. In these trials, overall survival is the criterion standard end point, but disease‐free survival is more feasible, proximate, and specific to the assigned intervention (at the cost of subjective outcome assessment) and thus an acceptable end point in certain contexts. The prolonged survival in the PRODIGE 24 trial highlights both the success of mFOLFIRINOX (modified fluorouracil, leucovorin, irinotecan, and oxaliplatin) and the importance of patient selection. Neoadjuvant and perioperative trials have shown promising preliminary results; however, the number of patients who are not subsequently eligible for surgery reflects the limitations of this approach. Head‐to‐head comparisons of neoadjuvant and adjuvant treatments are limited to date in Western countries. Precision oncology with genomic and somatic testing for actionable mutations has promising preliminary results and may refine the management of PDAC, although the implications for early‐stage disease and neoadjuvant therapy are unknown. Conclusions and Relevance: This review found that adjuvant chemotherapy with mFOLFIRINOX is currently the standard of care in fit patients with resected PDAC; however, the role of neoadjuvant treatment is expanding. Precision oncology may help individualize the treatment regimen and sequence and improve outcomes. Enrollment of patients with resectable PDAC in clinical trials is strongly encouraged..
Predictors of nonresection following neoadjuvant therapy for resectable PDAC: analysis of SWOG S1505; Background: Neoadjuvant therapy (NT) is increasingly utilized for patients with pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) and yet major reasons for not undergoing subsequent pancreatectomy are poorly understood. Given the importance of completing multimodality therapy, we investigated factors associated with failure to undergo surgical resection following NT for PDAC. Methods: SWOG S1505 was a multicenter phase II randomized controlled trial of preoperative mFOLFIRINOX or gemcitabine/nab‐paclitaxel prior to planned pancreatectomy for patients with potentially resectable PDAC. The association between clinical, demographic, and hospital‐level characteristics and receipt of surgical resection was estimated via multiple logistic regression. Differences in overall survival (OS) from 18 weeks post‐randomization (scheduled time of surgery) according to resection status were assessed via Cox regression models. Results: Among 102 eligible patients, 73 (71.6%) underwent successful pancreatectomy whereas 29 (28.4%) did not, primarily because of progression/metastatic disease (n=12) or toxicity during NT (n=10). On multivariable logistic regression, weight loss during NT (OR 0.34, 95% CI 0.11‐0.93) and the hospital’s city size (small: OR 0.24, 95%CI 0.07‐0.80, large: OR 0.28, 95% CI 0.10‐0.79, compared to medium) were associated with lower probability of surgical resection, whereas age, sex, race, BMI, performance status (PS), insurance status, US region, treatment arm, tumor location, chemotherapy delays/modifications, and hospital characteristics were not. Surgical resection following NT was associated with improved OS (median 23.8 vs 10.8 months, Figure) even after adjusting for grades 3‐5 AEs, PS, and BMI (HR 0.55, 95% CI 0.32‐0.95). Conclusion: Failure to undergo resection following NT is relatively common among patients with potentially resectable PDAC and associated with worse survival. While few predictive factors were identified in this secondary analysis of the SWOG S1505 randomized controlled, further research must focus on risk factors for PS decline during NT that precludes surgical resection so that patient‐centered interventions can be delivered or alternate treatment sequencing recommended. [Formula presented]
Clinical implication of nutrition for neoadjuvant therapy and impact of nutritional support in pancreatic cancer; Background: Several studies have shown that nutritional support is important to reduce chemotherapy‐related toxicities and improve tolerance to chemotherapy, but little is known about the nutritional influence of neoadjuvant therapy (NAT) for pancreatic cancer. The aim of this study was to assess the influence of NAT on nutritional status and the effectiveness of postoperative nutritional support in patients with NAT for pancreatic cancer. Methods: Between 2010 and 2017, 169 consecutive patients who underwent pancreatoduodenectomy of pancreatic cancer were enrolled, and divided into the neoadjuvant group (NAG, n = 70) and the control group (CG, n = 99). We assessed the change of nutritional index (body weight, albumin and rapid turnover proteins; retinol binding protein, prealbumin and transferrin), inflammatory index, and inflammation‐based prognostic scores during NAT. Perioperative change of rapid turnover proteins at the point of pre‐operation, postoperative day (POD) 5, POD12 and POD21, and perioperative and oncological outcomes between NAG and CG were evaluated. Finally, we divided NAG into nutrition group (n = 27) who received postoperative enteral immunonutrition from POD 1 to POD 21 and without nutrition group (n = 41), and compared perioperative change of rapid turnover proteins between two groups. Results: After NAT, the retinol binding protein, prealbumin, neutrophil to lymphocyte ratio, platelet to lymphocyte ratio and prognostic nutrition index significantly got worse in NAG (P < 0.05). The recovery of rapid turnover proteins after POD5 was significantly worse in NAG compared to CG (P < 0.05). There was no significant difference in the incidence of postoperative complications and time to adjuvant therapy between two groups. The recovery of retinol binding protein and prealbumin after POD12 was significantly better in nutrition group compared to without nutrition group (P < 0.05). Conclusions: NAT for pancreatic cancer could decrease nutritional status and its postoperative recovery. Postoperative enteral nutrition could be effective in patients with NAT for pancreatic cancer. Based on these results, we plan to perform the nutritional support at earlier stage of therapy.
Fully covered metal stents vs plastic stents for preoperative biliary drainage in patients with resectable pancreatic cancer without neoadjuvant chemotherapy: a multicenter, prospective, randomized controlled trial; BACKGROUND/PURPOSE: Whether a fully covered self‐expanding metal stent (FCSEMS) or plastic stent (PS) is preferable for preoperative biliary drainage in patients with resectable pancreatic cancer (RPC) is controversial. This study aimed to evaluate the safety and efficacy of drainage with FCSEMS for obstructive jaundice caused by RPC without neoadjuvant chemotherapy. METHODS: Seventy patients with RPC who required preoperative biliary drainage were randomly assigned 1:1 to the FCSEMS or PS group. The primary endpoint was endoscopic re‐intervention rate during the waiting period for surgery. Secondary endpoints were drainage procedure time, drainage‐related adverse events (AE), waiting period for surgery, operative time, intraoperative blood loss, surgery‐related AE, and postoperative hospital stay. RESULTS: Thirty‐nine patients underwent surgery. None required re‐intervention in the FCSEMS group, whereas five PS patients underwent re‐intervention (P = .023). The FCSEMS group had significantly more intraoperative blood loss (P = .0068) and AE (P = .011) than the PS group. Postoperative hospital stay was significantly longer in the FCSEMS group (P = .016). CONCLUSIONS: Fully covered self‐expanding metal stent had a lower rate of endoscopic re‐intervention during the waiting period for surgery than PS, but showed more intraoperative blood loss, higher incidence of surgery‐related AE, and longer postoperative hospital stays.
JANUS 1: a phase 3, placebo-controlled study of ruxolitinib plus capecitabine in patients with advanced or metastatic pancreatic cancer (mPC) after failure or intolerance of first-line chemotherapy; Background: The systemic inflammatory response observed in PC is a negative prognostic factor and is mediated in part by JAKSTAT signaling. Treatment with the JAK1/JAK2 inhibitor ruxolitinib in combination with capecitabine was previously investigated as secondline therapy for patients with mPC and evidence of a systemic inflammatory response (elevated Creactive protein [CRP] levels or a modified Glasgow Prognostic Score [mGPS] of 1 or 2) in the phase 2, randomized, doubleblind RECAP study. Results showed improved overall survival (OS) relative to placebo + capecitabine (Hurwitz et al. J Clin Oncol. 32:5s, 2014 [suppl; abstr 4000]). Ruxolitinib has US Food and Drug Administration orphan drug status for the treatment of PC. Methods: JANUS 1 is a phase 3, international, multicenter, randomized, doubleblind study. Eligible patients are 18 years of age with histologically or cytologically confirmed pancreatic adenocarcinoma that is advanced and inoperable or metastatic; have an ECOG performance status of 0‐2; have received 1 prior chemotherapy regimen for advanced or metastatic PC not including neoadjuvant and/or adjuvant therapy; and have an mGPS of 1 (CRP > 10 mg/L and albumin ≥ 35 g/L) or 2 (CRP > 10 mg/L and albumin < 35 g/L). Patients are excluded for > 1 prior chemotherapy regimen for advanced or metastatic disease; radiation therapy; concurrent anticancer therapy; or prior severe reaction to fluoropyrimidines, dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase deficiency, or other sensitivity to 5‐fluorouracil. Patients are randomized 1:1 to receive 21‐day cycles of capecitabine 2000 mg/m2/d (days 1‐14) + ruxolitinib 15 mg twicedaily or capecitabine 2000 mg/m2/d + placebo twice‐daily. The primary endpoint is OS. Secondary endpoints include progressionfree survival, tumor response per RECIST 1.1, and duration of response. Treatment will continue as long as it is tolerated and discontinuation criteria are not met. Patients who discontinue treatment will be followed for subsequent anticancer treatments and survival. Enrollment was initiated in March 2014 and is ongoing. The planned enrollment is 310 patients.
NeoFOL-R Trial (Perioperative Versus Adjuvnat FOLFIRINOX in Resectable Pancreatic Cancer); Rationale: Adjuvant chemotherapy after surgery significantly improved the survival of PC patients, but there is a problem that only about 50% of patients start adjuvant chemotherapy after pancreatectomy. Neoadjuvant chemotherapy might control potential metastatic lesion which are not being detected in early diseases status and improve the R0 resection rate. In addition, it prevents futile surgery by selecting patients with rapid progression of disease. Furthermore, compared to chemotherapy administered after surgery, more patients can complete the planned chemotherapy schedule in neoadjuvant setting. Asians differ from Westerners not only in racial differences, but also in average size and body surface area. Accordingly, there is an urgent need for clinical studies on the dose, toxicity, dosing cycle, and efficacy of anticancer drugs that reflect actual clinical trials in Asian countries for Asians. There are still few studies worldwide that prospectively explored the efficacy of neoadjuvant chemotherapy in resectable PC and the administration of neoadjuvant therapy in resectable PC depends on individual clinical judgment. Therefore, systematic and prospective clinical trials are essential to standardize treatment protocol in resectable PC. Obective: To investigate whether 6 cycles of preoperative mFOLFIRINOX ‐ surgery ‐ 6 cycles of postoperative mFOLFIRINOX improves overall survival by intention‐to‐treat compared to surgery followed by 12 cycles of postoperative mFOLFIRINOX. Study design: open‐label, multicenter, randomized, phase 3 clinical trial Study population: Patients with resectable pancreatic cancer and ECOG performance 0 or 1. Intervention: Invervention arm : 6 cycles of neoadjuvant mFOLFIRINOX followed by surgical resection and 6 cycles of adjuvant mFOLFIRINOX Comparator arm : surgical resection followed by 12 cycles of adjuvant mFOLFIRINOX Primary endpoint: 2‐year overall survival rate by intention‐to‐treat
Testing the Use of the Usual Chemotherapy Before and After Surgery for Removable Pancreatic Cancer; PRIMARY OBJECTIVES:I. To evaluate and compare overall survival (OS) in patients with resectable pancreaticadenocarcinoma treated with perioperative fluorouracil, irinotecan hydrochloride,leucovorin calcium and oxaliplatin (modified [m]FOLFIRINOX) and surgery versus up‐frontsurgery followed by adjuvant mFOLFIRINOX.SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:I. To evaluate and compare disease‐free survival (DFS) in patients with resectablepancreatic adenocarcinoma treated with perioperative mFOLFIRINOX and surgery versusup‐front surgery followed by adjuvant mFOLFIRINOX.II. To evaluate and compare time to locoregional recurrence (TLR) in patients withresectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma treated with perioperative mFOLFIRINOX and surgeryversus up‐front surgery followed by adjuvant mFOLFIRINOX.III. To evaluate and compare time to distant metastases (TDM) in patients with resectablepancreatic adenocarcinoma treated with perioperative mFOLFIRINOX and surgery versusup‐front surgery followed by adjuvant mFOLFIRINOX.IV. To evaluate and compare the R0 resection rate in patients with resectable pancreaticadenocarcinoma treated with perioperative mFOLFIRINOX and surgery versus up‐front surgeryfollowed by adjuvant mFOLFIRINOX.V. To evaluate and compare rate of unresectability in patients with resectable pancreaticadenocarcinoma treated with perioperative mFOLFIRINOX and surgery versus up‐front surgeryfollowed by adjuvant mFOLFIRINOX.VI. To evaluate rate of pathologic complete response in patients randomized to theperioperative therapy arm.VII. To evaluate and compare mFOLFIRINOX dose intensity delivered and number of cyclesreceived in patients with resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma treated with perioperativemFOLFIRINOX and surgery versus up‐front surgery followed by adjuvant mFOLFIRINOX.VIII. To evaluate and compare adverse event profile in patients with resectablepancreatic adenocarcinoma treated with perioperative mFOLFIRINOX and surgery versusup‐front surgery followed by adjuvant mFOLFIRINOX.IX. To compare physical functioning, nausea/vomiting, and diarrhea, as measured with theEuropean Organization for Research and Treatment of Cancer (EORTC) Quality of LifeQuestionnaire‐Core 30 (QLQ‐C30) between patients with resectable pancreaticadenocarcinoma treated with perioperative mFOLFIRINOX and surgery versus up‐front surgeryfollowed by adjuvant mFOLFIRINOX.X. To prospectively assess the influence of diet, body mass index, weight loss, physicalactivity, and other lifestyle habits on the disease‐free survival and overall survivalamong patients with localized pancreatic cancers.XI. To assess the influence of diet, obesity, physical activity, and other lifestylehabits on the risk of toxicity associated with chemotherapy.XII. To evaluate the ability of computed tomography (CT)‐based radiomics indistinguishing post‐neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NAC) fibrosis from viable tumor in patientsrandomized to the perioperative therapy arm.XIII. To determine whether CT‐based radiomics retrieved from baseline examination may actas non‐invasive predictors of survival outcome in patients randomized to the adjuvanttherapy arm.OUTLINE: Patients are randomized to 1 of 2 arms.ARM I: Patients receive oxaliplatin intravenously (IV) over 2 hours, irinotecanhydrochloride IV over 90 minutes, and leucovorin calcium over 2 hours on day 1, andfluorouracil IV over 46‐48 hours on days 1‐3. Treatment repeats every 14 days for 8cycles in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Within 2‐8 weeksof completing neoadjuvant chemotherapy, patients undergo surgical resection. Patientsthen receive oxaliplatin IV over 2 hours, irinotecan hydrochloride IV over 90 minutes,and leucovorin calcium over 2 hours on day 1, and fluorouracil IV over 46‐48 hours ondays 1‐3. Treatment repeats every 14 days for 4 cycles in the absence of diseaseprogression or unacceptable toxicity.ARM II: Patients undergo surgical resection. Beginning 3‐12 weeks after surgery, patientsthen receive oxaliplatin IV over 2 hours, irinotecan hydrochloride IV over 90 minutes,and leucovorin calcium over 2 hours on day 1, and fluorouracil IV over 46‐48 hours ondays 1‐3. Treatment repeats every 14 days for 12 cycles in the absence of diseaseprogression or unacceptable toxicity.After completion of study treatment, patients are followed up for 6 years.
Two sequential trials of combination chemotherapy with methotrexate/5-fluorouracil and cisplatin/5-fluorouracil for advanced pancreatic cancer; Aim: Two sequential studies were performed to examine the effect of combination chemotherapy for patients with preoperative TNM stage III/IV advanced pancreatic cancer. Methods: In the first study, a randomized Phase II trial, comparing intraoperative radiation therapy (IORT) to IORT plus combination chemotherapy of methotrexate (MTX) and 5‐fuluorouracil (5‐FU) was performed. Based on the results of the first trial, a second randomized trial combination therapy comparing MTX plus 5‐FU to that of cisplatin (CDDP) plus 5‐FU was performed. Results: Thirty‐three patients were entered into the first study. The second study was conducted sequentially and enrolled 27 patients. In the first study, overall survival and hospital‐free survival were significantly better in the IORT plus MTX/5‐FU group compared to the IORT alone group. In the second study, comparison of the overall survival and HFS between MTX/5FU group and CDDP/5FU group did not show any significant difference between the two groups. However, MTX/5‐FU group showed better treatment compliance and less toxicity compared to the CDDP/5‐FU group. Conclusions: The results of these two sequential studies of combination chemotherapies for advanced pancreatic cancer suggested that the treatment with IORT plus MTX/5FU was superior to the treatment without chemotherapy in the first study. In the second study, IORT plus MTX/5‐FU was also shown to have less toxicity and better compliance compared to the IORT plus CDDP/5‐FU. Copyright © 2002 by PJD Publications Limited.
Survival Analysis After Neoadjuvant Therapy in Patients With Resectable Pancreatic Cancer and Risk Factors; Disease: Pancreatic cancer resectable plus risk factors Hypothesis: The overall survival in patients treated with neoadjuvant chemotherapy before surgery ‐resection‐ plus adjuvant chemotherapy is higher than in patients treated per standard of care (only with adjuvant chemotherapy after surgery) Objectives: Main objective: To assess overall survival in patients treated with neoadjuvant chemotherapy before surgery‐resection and adjuvant chemotherapy vs patients treated only with adjuvant chemotherapy after surgery‐ Secondary objectives: To assess in both patients (experimental vs control arms): ‐ Progression free survival ‐ Number of completed cycles fo chemotherapy ‐ Local and metastatic recurrence ‐ Post‐surgical morbidity ‐ Resection rate R0 ‐ Safety of the neoadjuvant chemotherapy
A phase II trial of neoadjuvant gemcitabine/nab-paclitaxel and SBRT for potentially resectable pancreas cancer: an evaluation of acute toxicity; Background: The optimal management of potentially resectable pancreas cancer is unknown. The high rates of local and distant failures following surgical resection highlights the need for improvement in both local and systemic therapies. The combination of newer systemic therapies with ablative radiotherapy could be better tolerated and associated with improved treatment outcomes. Methods: Patients with newly diagnosed, previously untreated, non‐metastatic pancreatic cancer who were candidates for resection were prospectively enrolled in this single arm study. Patients received a neoadjuvant regimen of 2 cycles of gemcitabine (1000mg/m2 )/nab‐paclitaxel (125mg/m2 ) and SBRT (25Gy in 5 fractions). After neoadjuvant treatment patients were restaged and considered for resection. The primary study endpoint was acute toxicity as assessed by CTCAE V 4.0. The primary study hypothesis was that this neoadjuvant regimen would result in Grade 3+ non‐hematologic acute toxicity of < 50% (as per RTOG 97‐04). Results: Twenty‐five patients were accrued to this study. 28% had resectable and 72% had borderline resectable disease (per NCCN criteria). 96% of patients received both cycles of systemic therapy and all 25 patients went on to SBRT and completed the planned radiotherapy course. The rate of acute non‐hematologic Grade 3+ toxicity with the neoadjuvant regimen was 20% (5/25). The rate of overall Grade 3+ toxicity with neoadjuvant gemcitabine/nab‐paclitaxel was 52% and Grade 3+ non‐hematologic toxicity was 17%; exact 80% CI of (8%, 32%). No Grade 3+ acute toxicity was seen with neoadjuvant SBRT and 28% experienced Grade 2 toxicity. 17/25 (68%) patients went on to surgical resection and 93% achieved an R0 resection. Actuarial local control is 77% and medial overall survival is 24 months. Conclusions: A neoadjuvant approach of gemcitabine and nabpaclitaxel followed by SBRT in patients with potentially resectable pancreatic cancer was well tolerated. Given robust patient accrual, the initial enrollment was expanded to 40 patients and accrual is ongoing. Prospective evaluation of this treatment regimen in a randomized fashion is warranted.
Impact of nodal and margin status in pancreatic cancer patients undergoing surgery and chemotherapy: national Cancer Database analysis 2004-2014; Background: Pancreatic cancer (PCa) patients (Pts) have dismal survival with surgery alone; hence chemotherapy (ChemoRx) has been used often. We analyzed the role of lymph node (LN) and margin (M) status after neoadjuvant (NA) vs adjuvant (AD) vs NA+AD in PCa pts. Methods: Data was obtained from the National Cancer Database from 2004‐2014 for PCa pts undergoing surgery along with NA (gp A) or AD (gp B) or NA+AD (gp C) chemoRx. Survival analysis for 1, 2 and 3 years (yrs) was done in pts stratified by LN and M status using Pearson chi‐squared test for significance. Results: Of the 26,083 surgical pts with LN and M status, there were 3106 pts in gp A (NA), 21,638 pts in gp B (AD) and 1339 pts in gp C (NA+AD). Pathologically +ve LN and M were lowest in gp A (42% and 17%) vs highest in gp B (70% and 25%) respectively (Table ‐1A). Best 1 yr survival was in gp C with ‐ve LN and M status (93%) vs worst in gp B with +ve LN and M status (64%). Best 3yr survival was in gp B with ‐ve LN and M status (36%) vs worst in gp A with +ve LN and M status (13%) (Table ‐1C). Best overall survival was in gp C and worst in gp B for all 3 yrs (Table ‐1B). Conclusions: PCa pts even after surgery have poor survival. Use of NA+AD therapy provides the best 1, 2 and 3 yrs survival. Future prospective randomized trial will provide further validation. (Table Presented) .
Nab-paclitaxel (nab-P) plus gemcitabine (Gem) vs Gem alone as adjuvant treatment for resected pancreatic cancer (PC) in a phase III trial (APACT); Background: Adjuvant chemotherapy for resected PC has been shown to decrease recurrence and increase survival. Gem alone is a standard adjuvant therapy option. nab‐P + Gem was superior to Gem alone as first‐line treatment in a phase III trial in patients (pts) with metastatic PC, including the primary endpoint of overall survival (median, 8.5 vs 6.7 months; HR 0.72; P < 0.001). Toxicities were manageable. Based on these findings in the metastatic setting, the APACT trial will compare nab‐P + Gem vs Gem alone in the adjuvant setting. Methods: Pts with histologically confirmed PC who underwent macroscopic complete resection (R0 or R1) within 12 weeks of randomization, with no evidence of metastasis at screening, are eligible for enrollment. Other eligibility criteria include staging of T1‐3, N0‐1, M0; Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group performance status of 0 or 1; acceptable hematologic function; CA19‐9 < 100 U/mL prior to randomization; and no prior neoadjuvant therapy or radiation for PC. Pts with neuroendocrine tumors, any other malignancy within 5 years of randomization, infection with HIV or hepatitis B or C, or prior neoadjuvant treatment or radiation therapy for PC are ineligible. The planned enrollment of 800 pts will allow 90% power to detect an HR for disease‐free survival (DFS) of 0.74 at a 2‐sided significance level of 0.05. One interim safety analysis and 2 interim efficacy analyses (the first for futility and the second for futility and efficacy) will be performed. Pt enrollment is ongoing. (Table Presented ).
Sequential neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy (CRT) followed by curative surgery vs. primary surgery alone for resectable, non-metastasized pancreatic adenocarcinoma: NEOPA- a randomized multicenter phase III study (NCT01900327, DRKS00003893, ISRCTN82191749); BACKGROUND: Median OS after surgery in curative intent for non‐metastasized pancreas cancer ranges under study conditions from 17.9 months to 23.6 months. Tumor recurrence occurs locally, at distant sites (liver, peritoneum, lungs), or both. Observational and autopsy series report local recurrence rates of up to 87% even after potentially "curative" R0 resection. To achieve better local control, neoadjuvant CRT has been suggested for preoperative tumour downsizing, to elevate the likelihood of curative, margin‐negative R0 resection and to increase the OS rate. However, controlled, randomized trials addressing the impact of neoadjuvant CRT survival do not exist. METHODS/DESIGN: The underlying hypothesis of this randomized, two‐armed, open‐label, multicenter, phase III trial is that neoadjuvant CRT increases the three‐year overall survival by 12% compared to patients undergoing upfront surgery for resectable pancreatic cancer. A rigorous, standardized technique of histopathologically handling Whipple specimens will be applied at all participating centers. Overall, 410 patients (n=205 in each study arm) will be enrolled in the trial, taking into regard an expected drop out rate of 7% and allocated either to receive neoadjuvant CRT prior to surgery or to undergo surgery alone. Circumferential resection margin status, i.e. R0 and R1 rates, respectively, surgical resectability rate, local and distant disease‐free and global survival, and first site of tumor recurrence constitute further essential endpoints of the trial. DISCUSSION: For the first time, the NEOPA study investigates the impact of neoadjuvant CRT on survival of resectable pancreas head cancer in a prospectively randomized manner. The results of the study have the potential to change substantially the treatment regimen of pancreas cancer. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Clinical Trial gov: NCT01900327, DRKS00003893, ISRCTN82191749.
Evidence-based treatment options in metastatic pancreatic adenocarcinoma; Since its introduction in the late 90ies, the nucleoside analogue gemcitabine has become the main backbone for systemic treatment of pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma. For patients with metastatic disease, a large number of phase III trials investigating gemcitabine plus a second drug failed to show an improvement with regard to overall survival. The first trial that found a statistically significant, albeit clinically marginal, survival benefit was the PA.3 study that compared single‐agent gemcitabine to gemcitabine in combination with the oral anti‐EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitor erlotinib. In that study, the benefit of adding erlotinib was mainly restricted to patients that developed skin rash during treatment with the EGFR‐targeting agent. More recently, the global phase III MPACT study showed a significant increase in response rate, progression‐free and overall survival for the combination of gemcitabine with nab‐paclitaxel in comparison to gemcitabine alone. Based on these data, nab‐paclitaxel received regulatory approval for the first‐line treatment of metastatic pancreatic cancer in 2014. With the clinical investigation of FOLFIRINOX (5‐fluorouracil [5‐FU], folinic acid [FA], oxaliplatin and irinotecan) a gemcitabine‐free regimen was introduced in the clinic based on the French randomized phase III Prodige 4 ‐ ACCORD 11/0402 study comparing FOLFIRINOX to gemcitabine in a selected patient population (e. g. ECOG performance status 0 to 1, Bilirubin < 1.5 x ULN, no significant cardiovascular co‐morbidities) with metastatic pancreatic adenocarcinoma: FOLFIRINOX significantly increased response rate, progression‐free and overall survival and ‐ of note ‐ also quality of life. Both regimens (FOLFIRINOX and gemcitabine + nab‐paclitaxel) are currently investigated also in the adjuvant, neoadjuvant and locally advanced disease settings. Up to now, there is no evidence for the efficacy of other molecular targeted drugs than erlotinib in the 1st‐line treatment of metastatic pancreatic adenocarcinoma; clinical studies using checkpoint inhibitors are currently ongoing. During the last years increasing evidence supporting the use of 2nd‐line chemotherapy after failure of 1st‐line gemcitabine‐based treatment was generated: two randomized phase III studies were able to find an improvement in overall survival with the use of 5‐FU/FA either in combination with oxaliplatin (CONKO‐003) or nanoliposomal irinotecan (NAPOLI‐1) compared to a reference arm with 5‐FU/FA only.
GRECCAR 14 - a multicentric, randomized, phase II-III study evaluating the tailored management of locally advanced rectal carcinoma after a favourable response to induction chemotherapy: study protocol; Aim: Total neoadjuvant treatment (TNT) is becoming standard in patients with locally advanced rectal carcinoma (LARC). Preoperative chemoradiotherapy (CRT) has proven side effects on bowel and genitourinary function. An early tumoral response to induction chemotherapy demonstrates its high prognostic value. Tailored management could be used as an alternative to systematic CRT. The GRECCAR 14 trial will attempt to personalize treatment strategy according to the patient's early tumour response to intensive chemotherapy with the aim of achieving the best toxicity–efficiency ratio. Method: GRECCAR 14 is a multicentric, randomized, two‐arm, phase II–III noninferiority trial. Patients with mid or low LARC with a predictive circumferential resection margin ≤2 mm or T3c‐d stage with extramural venous invasion will be included. Evaluation of the tumoral response will be performed after six courses of high‐dose FOLFIRINOX chemotherapy. Good responders (GRs) will be defined by a 60% decrease in tumoral volume on magnetic resonance imaging. Patients will be randomized to CRT before surgery. The primary endpoints will be R0 resection for phase II and the 3‐year disease‐free survival (DFS) for phase III. Results: Tailored management of LARC is becoming an exciting challenge for the modality of neoadjuvant treatment and for the type of surgery or its omission. Neoadjuvant FOLFIRINOX has established efficacy, with a significant increase in the 3‐year DFS. Better control of systemic disease must be accompanied by the same locoregional control, with the lowest morbidity. Our previous GRECCAR 4 trial demonstrated the high value of the early tumoral response after induction chemotherapy and the long‐term safety of tailored management for GRs. Conclusion: If GRECCAR 14 demonstrates the ability to tailor TNT for LARC, this could lead to changes in clinical practice.
A trial of Neoadjuvant modified FOLFIRINOX chemotherapy for resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma; INTERVENTION: Drug : Resectable pancreatic cancer patients who participated in this study receives 6 cycles of FOLFIRINOX and then evaluates the resectability. The primary goal of this study was to evaluate the R0 resection rate, and the primary goal was achieved at the time of surgery and pathologic findings. After surgery, adjuvant chemotherapy is performed considering the patient&#39;s disease state and general condition. Surgery is performed within 4‐8 weeks of the last 6 cycles of FOLFIRINOX chemotherapy, but not when disease progression or distant metastasis are found. In cases where the 6‐cycle FOLFIRINOX treatment can not be completed due to the toxicity of the anticancer agent, the patient&#39;s withdrawal, or other researcher&#39;s judgment requires early termination of the preoperative chemotherapy, the operation can be started before the 6‐cycle FOLFIRINOX termination . Subjects with disease progression or distant metastases can not be candidates for surgery and are excluded from the study at the time of progression or distant metastasis. These patients will then receive standard treatment appropriate to their disease state and performance. Postoperative adjuvant therapy ‐ Patients who have undergone surgery undergo appropriate postoperative adjuvant therapy at the discretion of the investigator, taking into account the pathologic findings (such as R0 or R1 resection status) of the tumor and the medical condition of the patient. Adjuvant therapy includes gemcitabine alone or gemcitabine + capecitabine combination therapy, FOLFIRINOX chemotherapy, and radiation therapy including surgical site and surrounding tissue. CONDITION: Neoplasms PRIMARY OUTCOME: R0 Resection rate SECONDARY OUTCOME: Disease‐free survival Drug toxicity by CTCAE 5.0 Overall survival, OS Progression‐free survival PFS Resection rate Response rate by RECIST 1.1 INCLUSION CRITERIA: ? Patient with pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma diagnosed by histologic or cytopathological examination (2) Patients with pancreatic adenocarcinoma who are determined as resectable according to the following criteria in imaging tests including CT or MRI (based on the NCCN guidelines, all of the following criteria should be met) A. There is no tumor contact with the major arterial structures of the Celica axis [CA], superior mesenteric artery [SMA], common hepatic artery [CHA] B. Superior mesenteric vein (SMV) or portal vein (PV) is not in contact with the tumor, or within 180 degree of contact, and has no abnormality in vein morphology. ? Patients without previous surgical resection and systemic chemotherapy for pancreatic cancer ? patients whose ECOG activity is 0 1 ? Patients who are willing and able to write written consent of the subject. ? At the time of signature, the patient should be 19 years old or older. ? Patient with evaluable l
Alliance A021806: a phase III trial evaluating perioperative versus adjuvant therapy for resectable pancreatic cancer; Background: The role of neoadjuvant chemotherapy in resectable pancreatic cancer has yet to be defined. Recent phase II trial results demonstrate a median overall survival time (mOS) of only 22.4 months after treatment with perioperative modified FOLFIRINOX (mFOLFIRINOX) with 36% not reaching surgery due to disease progression during neoadjuvant therapy. While potential benefits and shortcomings of neoadjuvant chemotherapy have been well documented, to date, no phase III trial has directly compared a perioperative versus an adjuvant chemotherapy strategy in resectable pancreatic cancer. Alliance for Clinical Trials in Oncology A021806 is an actively accruing randomized controlled phase III trial evaluating the efficacy of perioperative chemotherapy with mFOLFIRINOX in patients with resectable pancreatic cancer. Methods: To qualify for enrollment, patients must have biopsyproven localized resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma as defined by the National Comprehensive Cancer Network. Patients must have good performance status (ECOG 0 or 1) and be candidates to receive mFOLFIRINOX treatment. All patients enrolled undergo central radiologic eligibility review for quality control and are then randomized to either Arm 1 which consists of 8 cycles of neoadjuvant mFOLFIRINOX followed by 4 cycles of adjuvant mFOLFIRINOX or Arm2 which includes upfront surgery followed by 12 cycles of adjuvant mFOLFIRINOX. The primary endpoint of the trial is overall survival with secondary endpoints evaluating disease‐free survival, margin‐negative resection rate, surgical complications, and chemotherapeutic adverse events. Additional correlative endpoints include quality of life and radiomic imaging assessments. A total enrollment of 352 patients is planned from the US and Canada; current enrollment for this trial is at 145 patients. An OS interim analysis will be performed when 50% of the events (124) are observed combining the two arms. If the trial continues after interim analysis, the final OS analysis will be performed with a total of 248 events (combined arms). If the Cox model (stratified by tumor location and ECOG PS) comparing OS between arms produces a one‐sided pvalue, 0.05, then we will conclude that the OS of the perioperative therapy arm is superior to adjuvant therapy. The Alliance A021806 phase III trial aims to define a new standard of care for patients with resectable pancreatic cancer.
Is Adjuvant 5-FU-Based Chemoradiotherapy for Resectable Pancreatic Adenocarcinoma Beneficial? A Meta-analysis of an Unanswered Question; The objective of this study was to determine the effect, if any, on survival of adjuvant 5‐FU‐based chemoradiotherapy following pancreaticoduodenectomy for pancreatic carcinoma. A systematic review of the published literature was undertaken. Survival estimates were derived from published reports. Five prospective studies (4 level I, 1 level II) with a total of 607 (229 surgery only; 378 surgery‐adjuvant) patients followed for survival met selection criteria. Two‐year survival ranged from 15%‐37% in the surgery only group and 37%‐43% in the surgery and adjuvant groups. The survival advantage (absolute difference) ranged from 3%‐27% and no individual study achieved statistical significance (5%). Although clinical heterogeneity existed in surgery‐alone control groups with regard to trial date, no statistical heterogeneity was detected (P = 0.459, chi2 test), allowing pooling of survival data. Using a fixed effects model, the summary estimate showed an absolute 2‐year survival benefit with adjuvant therapy of 12% (95% CI, 3%‐21%, P = 0.011). Trials after 1997 (n = 3) indicated a survival benefit of 8% to patients receiving adjuvant therapy (95% CI, ‐3‐18%, P = 0.145). The result was not statistically significant, and there was no evidence of heterogeneity (P = 0.626, chi2 test). Summary estimates were unchanged when the analysis was performed with a random effects model. 5‐FU based chemotherapy with radiotherapy given after resection imparts a small overall survival benefit of 2 years. The benefit of 5‐FU‐based adjuvant therapy, however, has declined in recent years, and its significance remains unproven in the context of current diagnostic and surgical practice.
A phase II trial of neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy with intensity-modulated radiotherapy combined with gemcitabine and S-1 for borderline-resectable pancreatic cancer with arterial involvement; Purpose: Chemoradiotherapy using intensity‐modulated radiotherapy (IMRT) is expected to provide a powerful alternative to conventional chemotherapy with a low incidence of adverse events. This study evaluated the efficacy of intensity modulated radiotherapy in combination with gemcitabine and S‐1 as neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy (NACRT) for borderline‐resectable pancreatic cancer with arterial involvement (BR‐A). Methods: A total of 27 patients with BR‐A were enrolled in this study between February 2012 and September 2015. IMRT was administered at 50.4 Gy in 28 fractions with concurrent gemcitabine at a dose of 600 mg/m2 and S‐1 at a dose of 60 mg. Results: Only one patient (3.5%) experienced gastrointestinal adverse events at grade 3 or higher. Nineteen patients (70.3%) underwent resection, and R0 resection was achieved in 18 patients (94.7%). Thirteen patients (68.4%) developed distant metastasis at the initial site of recurrence after resection. Local recurrence developed in only one of these patients (7.7%). The median overall survival and 1‐year survival rates were 22.4 months and 81.3%, respectively. Conclusions: Concurrent IMRT with gemcitabine and S‐1 for patients is feasible as NACRT for BR‐A with low gastrointestinal toxicity. IMRT can be employed as a standard radiotherapy to provide more effective NACRT with powerful chemotherapy drugs.
Analysis of Radiation Therapy Quality Assurance in NRG Oncology RTOG 0848; Purpose: NRG/Radiation Therapy Oncology Group 0848 is a 2‐step randomized trial to evaluate the benefit of the addition of concurrent fluoropyrimidine and radiation therapy (RT) after adjuvant chemotherapy (second step) for patients with resected pancreatic head adenocarcinoma. Real‐time quality assurance (QA) was performed on each patient who underwent RT. This analysis aims to evaluate adherence to protocol‐specified contouring and treatment planning and to report the types and frequencies of deviations requiring revisions. Methods and Materials: In addition to a web‐based contouring atlas, the protocol outlined step‐by‐step instructions for generating the clinical treatment volume through the creation of specific regions of interest. The planning target volume was a uniform 0.5 cm clinical treatment volume expansion. One of 2 radiation oncology study chairs independently reviewed each plan. Plans with unacceptable deviations were returned for revision and resubmitted until approved. Treatment started after final approval of the RT plan. Results: From 2014 to 2018, 354 patients were enrolled in the second randomization. Of these, 160 patients received RT and were included in the QA analysis. Resubmissions were more common for patients planned with 3‐dimensional conformal RT (43%) than with intensity modulated RT (31%). In total, at least 1 resubmission of the treatment plan was required for 33% of patients. Among patients requiring resubmission, most only needed 1 resubmission (87%). The most common reasons for resubmission were unacceptable deviations with respect to the preoperative gross target volume (60.7%) and the pancreaticojejunostomy (47.5%). Conclusion: One‐third of patients required resubmission to meet protocol compliance criteria, demonstrating the continued need for expending resources on real‐time, pretreatment QA in trials evaluating the use of RT, particularly for pancreas cancer. Rigorous QA is critically important for clinical trials involving RT to ensure that the true effect of RT is assessed. Moreover, RT QA serves as an educational process through providing feedback from specialists to practicing radiation oncologists on best practices.
Hurry up and wait: multi-agent chemotherapy for early-stage pancreatic cancer; Background: Occult micro‐metastases at the time of diagnosis are very common in pancreatic cancer. Neoadjuvant therapy allows the immediate delivery of systemic therapy and currently represents the standard of care in patients with borderine resectable disease. However, its use in upfront resectable patients remains disputed. Neoadjuvant multi‐agent chemotherapy has demonstrated to improve survival in borderline resectable patients and is increasingly used for patients with resectable disease. The present study sought to examine the effect of neoadjuvant multi‐agent chemotherapy compared to upfront surgery in patients with clinical stage I‐II pancreatic cancer. Methods: Patients with clinical stage I‐II pancreatic adenocarcinoma who underwent multi‐agent chemotherapy followed by surgical exploration and/or pancreatectomy, or who died prior to planned surgery, as well as patients who underwent upfront pancreatectomy were identified from the National Cancer Data Base (2006–2014). Multi‐agent chemotherapy alone or followed by surgery was classified as neoadjuvant therapy. Multivariable logistic regression modeling was performed to identify predictors for pancreatectomy in patients who received neoadjuvant therapy. Propensity score models predicting the likelihood of receiving neoadjuvant therapy were created. Patients were matched based on propensity score. Survival analyses were performed using the Kaplan‐Meier method and log‐rank test. Results: Neoadjuvant multi‐agent chemotherapy was initiated in 1,613 (18.8%) patients and upfront surgery was performed in 6,964 (81.2%) patients. Following neoadjuvant multi‐agent chemotherapy, 14 (0.9%) patients died prior to surgery, 263 (16.3%) were explored, and 1,336 (82.8%) underwent surgery. Among patients who underwent neoadjuvant therapy, white race (vs. other race: Adjusted Odds Ratio (AOR), 2.01; p 37.0 U/ml: AOR: 1.91; p 37.0 U/ml (70.8% vs. 63.6%; p < 0.001), academic center (68.2% vs. 56.1%; p < 0.001), and high‐volume hospital (50.1% vs. 37.5%; p < 0.001) compared to upfront surgery. Median overall survival from diagnosis was 25.8 months for patients who underwent neoadjuvant multi‐agent chemotherapy with or without resection and 20.9 months for all patients who underwent upfront surgery. After matching, baseline characteristics were equally distributed across treatment groups, with 1,162 patients in each arm. Adjusted, overall survival was significantly better for patients treated with neoadjuvant therapy compared with upfront resected patients (24.8 vs. 21.8 month; log‐rank p < 0.001). Conclusion: This study, while non‐randomized, suggests that neoadjuvant multi‐agent chemotherapy may be associated with survival benefit for clinical stage I and II pancreatic cancer patients in selected cases. These findings highlight the need to include resectable pancreatic cancer patients in randomized clinical trials investigating neoadjuvant multi‐agent chemotherapy. [Figure presented]
Personalized treatment in localized pancreatic cancer; The treatment elements used for pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) include surgical resection, systemic cytotoxic agents, and targeted drugs. For second‐ and third‐line therapies in PDAC, approximately 15% of patients have actionable mutations although only 2.5% receive matched targeted treatment but with a significant improvement in survival of around 16 months. For the majority of PDAC patients the current most effective strategy is surgical resection of the primary tumor and systemic combination chemotherapy. The chemotherapy regimens and the order of delivery relative to the resection reference point have been based to a large extent on randomized trials using a newly developed empirical staging (Em) system. Although the reductionist TNM based AJCC and UICC systems work well for pathology staging, they are less accurate and less manageable for treatment decision‐making. This Em system defines locally resectable (EmR), borderline resectable (EmBR), and unresectable (EmUR) stages, plus the emerging entity of oligometastatic disease (EmOm). For EmR patients, 6 months of adjuvant chemotherapy achieves 5‑year survival rates of 30–50%. In EmBR short‐course (2 months) neoadjuvant plus 6‑month adjuvant chemotherapy increases 12‐month survival rates to around 77%, compared to 40% for upfront surgery, despite resection rates of 64–85% and 75%, respectively. Longer‐course (4 months) neoadjuvant chemotherapy has also been shown to achieve an 18‐month overall survival of 67%. In EmUR, induction therapy (3–6 months) may result in resections rates of 20–60% with significantly improved survival rates compared to no resection. For all stages including the polymetastatic (EmPm) setting, patients with good performance status receive combination chemotherapies based on either oxaliplatin (FOLFIRINOX or NALIRIFOX) or gemcitabine (GEM‐CAP, or Gem‐NabP). Molecular subtypes (Moffitt, Collisson, Bailey, and Cheng‐Sen‐Yue) are shown to be associated with treatment responses. Transcriptomic signatures have also been developed as classifiers for determining either oxaliplatin‐ or gemcitabine‐based therapies (PurIST, Tiriac, GemPred+, and ESPAC) and are being evaluated in various studies. Most notably the ESPAC transcriptomic signature is being used as the treatment classifier in the experimental arms of the randomized ESPAC6 adjuvant trial in EmR patients and the ESPAC7 induction therapy trial in EmUR patients. Genomic and transcriptomic profiling at baseline and over time is an integral part of ESPAC6/7 to deepen our understanding of tumor plasticity during the course of therapy, identifying the intrinsic (persister cell) and acquired (genetic) tumor plasticity evolving over time and in reaction to different therapies in order to enable a scientific approach to overcoming clonal‐resistance clades.
Results of a Phase II Study on the Use of Neoadjuvant Chemotherapy (FOLFIRINOX or GEM/nab-PTX) for Borderline-resectable Pancreatic Cancer (NUPAT-01); OBJECTIVE: Given the frequent adverse events with multidrug chemotherapy, not only the survival benefit but also the feasibility of using neoadjuvant chemotherapy to treat pancreatic cancer need to be clarified. SUMMARY OF BACKGROUND DATA: Although the development of multidrug chemotherapy regimens has improved the survival outcomes of patients with unresectable pancreatic cancer, the benefits of these treatments in the neo‐adjuvant setting remain controversial. METHODS: Patients with borderline‐resectable pancreatic cancer were enrolled and randomly assigned to receive neoadjuvant chemotherapy with either FOLFIRINOX or gemcitabine with nab‐paclitaxel (GEM/nab‐PTX). After the completion of chemotherapy, patients underwent surgical resection when feasible. This study (NUPAT‐01) was a randomized phase II trial, and the primary endpoint was the R0 resection rate. RESULTS: Fifty‐one patients were enrolled in this study [FOLFIRINOX (n = 26) and GEM/nab‐PTX (n = 25)]. A total of 84.3% (n = 43/51) of the patients eventually underwent surgery, and R0 resection was achieved in 67.4% (n = 33/ 51) of the patients. Adverse events (grade >3) due to neoadjuvant treatment were observed in 45.1% of the patients (n = 23/51), and major surgical complications occurred in 30.0% (n = 13/43), with no mortality noted. The intention‐to‐treat analysis showed that the 3‐year overall survival rate was 54.7%, with a median survival time of 39.4 months, and a significant difference in overall survival was not observed between the FOLFIRINOX and GEM/nab‐PTX groups. CONCLUSIONS: These results indicate that neoadjuvant chemotherapy with FOLFIRINOX or GEM/nab‐PTX is feasible and well tolerated, achieving an R0 resection rate of 67.4%. The survival of patients was even found to be favorable in the intention‐to‐treat analysis.
Arterial embolization does not decrease morbidity after distal pancreatectomy plus celiac trunk resection: a Spanish muticentre study; Background: Distal pancreatectomy with celiac axis resection (DP‐CAR) is a surgical procedure with high morbidity and mortality performed in patients with locally advanced pancreatic cancer. Preoperative embolization of hepatic artery (PHAE) has been postulated as a technical option to decrease morbidity and mortality. Objective: comparison of morbidity and mortality at 90 days, operative time, hospital stay and survival between patients that performed DP‐CAR with and without PHAE Methods: Observational retrospective multicentre study. Inclusion criteria: patient operated in Spanish Centres from a pancreatic cancer performing DP‐CAR until 31 March 2018. Several preoperative, intraoperative and postoperative data were studied (Table 1). Complications were measured with Clavien classification at 90 days. Specific pancreatic complications were measured using ISGPS classifications. Resection margins were classified using Royal College of Pathologists. Chi‐square or Student’s t tests were used to compare categorical or continuous variables, respectively. Kaplan–Meier estimator was used to calculate overall survival and survival differences were compared with the log‐rank test. Data were analyzed using R version 3.1.3 (http://www.r‐project.org) and the appropiate packages. Level of significance was set at 0.05. Results: 41 patients were studied. 26 patients were not embolized (NO‐PHAE group) and 15 patients received PHAE (36.5%). Only preoperative BMI and percentage of neoadjuvant chemotherapy were the only preoperative variables different between both groups. Operative time was shorter in PHAE group. Morbidity and mortality at 90 days and hospital stay were higher in the PHAE group. No statistical difference in overall survival was observed between both groups (p=0.14). Conclusion: Our study showed that PHAE is not related with less postoperative morbidity or better survival. Even more major morbidity (Clavien III‐IV) and mortality was higher in PHAE group. The only benefit of PHAE was shorter operative time. A randomized clinical trial is needed to confirm real benefit of PHAE in DP‐CAR [Formula presented]
A propensity-matched analysis of laparoscopic versus open distal pancreatectomy for pancreatic adenocarcinoma; Background: Laparoscopic‐assisted distal pancreatectomy (LDP) has improved perioperative outcomes over open distal pancreatectomy (ODP). Concerns regarding failure to achieve proper oncologic resection and compromised survival remain. Methods: Using the National Cancer Database (NCDB), we analyzed patients undergoing distal pancreatectomy for resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma over a four‐year period (2010‐2014). Propensity score nearestneighbor 1:1 matching (PSM) was performed between LDP and ODP patients based on age, sex, race, insurance, hospital volume, comorbidities, T‐stage, N‐stage, grade, neoadjuvant therapy, adjuvant therapy. Primary outcome was overall survival. Results: Of the 1,947 eligible patients, 605 (31%) underwent LDP. After PSM two well‐balanced groups of 544 patients each were analyzed. There was a trend towards improved overall survival (OS) in patients undergoing LDP as compared to ODP (HR: 0.83, 95% CI 0.68‐1.0; Median OS 29 vs. 23 months, p = 0.06). Patients undergoing ODP had a higher margin positive rate compared to those undergoing LDP (21.1% vs. 14.9%, p‐value = 0.007). Overall conversion rate was 27%. Patients undergoing ODP had comparable outcomes to LDP in regards to median time to chemotherapy (50 vs. 48 days, p‐value = 0.96); median nodes examined (12 vs. 12, p‐value = 0.61); 30‐day mortality (1.6% vs. 1.1%, p‐value = 0.43); 90‐day mortality (3.5% vs. 2.4%, p‐value = 0.28); 30‐day readmission rate (8.6% vs. 9.4%, p‐value = 0.67). However, the median length of stay was shorter in the LDP group (6 vs. 7 days, p = 0.0001). Conclusions: In the absence of randomized trials, this is the largest comparative study demonstrating LDP as an acceptable alternative ODP, associated with a lower margin positive rate and shorter length of stay, and with no detriment in long term survival.
The role of octreotide in preventing complications after pancreatoduodenectomy for cancer; Background: Although the mortality rate of pancreatoduodenectomy has fallen sharply over the last two decades, there is still a risk of serious complications resulting from leakage at the site of anastomosis between the pancreatic remnant and the gastrointestinal tract. Numerous techniques have been described to minimise the risk of these anastomotic leaks, but they can be difficult to avoid if the distal pancreas is unobstructed with a soft parenchyma and a non‐dilated duct. The risk of leakage is largely dependent upon the presence of activated pancreatic enzymes, and this fact provides a rationale for the perioperative use of the somatostatin analogue octreotide to inhibit exocrine pancreatic secretion. Discussion: Six prospective randomised controlled trials have been published on the use of prophylactic octreotide in pancreatic surgery, five from Europe and one from the USA. The five (multicentre) European studies have consistently shown that octreotide reduces the postoperative complication rate, but the American study does not confirm this benefit. Methodological differences may explain the discrepancy, notably the fact that most of the US patients had received preoperative chemoradiation which is likely to have reduced enzyme secretion. A meta‐analysis of four of these studies showed that octreotide lowered the rate of postoperative complications from 37 to 21%, chiefly by reducing the risk of pancreatic fistula. Prophylactic octreotide therapy is cost effective and should be used at least in patients with normal pancreatic parenchyma.
Effect of multiple-phase regional intra-arterial infusion chemotherapy on patients with resectable pancreatic head adenocarcinoma; BACKGROUND: Regional intra‐arterial infusion chemotherapy (RIAC) has been more valuable to improve prognosis and quality of life of patients with inoperable pancreatic adenocarcinomas, and adjuvant RIAC plays an important role in prolonging survival and reducing risk of liver metastasis after radical resection of pancreatic cancer, but the effect of preoperative or multiple‐phase RIAC (preoperative combined with postoperative RIAC) for resectable pancreatic cancers has not been investigated. In this prospective study, the effect of multiple‐phase RIAC for patients with resectable pancreatic head adenocarcinoma was evaluated, and its safety and validity comparing with postoperative RIAC were also assessed. METHODS: Patients with resectable pancreatic head cancer were randomly assigned to two groups. Patients in group A (n=50) were treated with new therapeutic mode of extended pancreaticoduodenectomy combined with multiple‐phase RIAC, and those in group B (n=50) were treated with extended pancreaticoduodenectomy combined with postoperative RIAC in the same period. The feasibility, compliance and efficiency of the new therapeutic mode were evaluated by tumor size, serum tumor markers, clinical benefit response (CBR), surgical complications, mortality and toxicity of RIAC. The disease‐free survival time, median survival time, incidence of liver metastasis, survival rate at 1, 2, 3 and 5 years were also observed. Life curves were generated by the Kaplan‐Meier method. RESULTS: The pain relief rate and CBR in group A was 80% and 84% respectively. Serum tumor markers decreased obviously and tumors size decreased in 26% of patients after preoperative RIAC in group A. No more surgical complications, mortality or severe systemic side effects were observed in group A compared with group B. The incidence of liver metastasis in group A was 34% which was lower than 50% in group B. The disease‐free survival time and median survival time in group A were 15.5 months and 18 months respectively. The 1‐, 2‐, 3‐ and 5‐year survival rates were 54.87%, 34.94%, 24.51% and 12.25% respectively. There was no significant difference of survival time or survival rates between two groups. CONCLUSIONS: Multiple‐phase RIAC is effective in combined therapy of resectable pancreatic head carcinomas by enhancing inhibition of tumor growth and reduction of liver metastasis, without negative effect on patients' safety or surgical procedure.
Evaluation of adjuvant pancreatectomy for initially unresectable pancreatic cancer with preoperatively undetectable distant metastasis after chemotherapy; INTERVENTION: Pancreatectomy for the patients with disease control with chemotherapy for more than 3 months CONDITION: pancretatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: survival rate at 2‐year. SECONDARY OUTCOME: overall survival; recurrent free survival at 1‐year; R0 resection rate; pattern of recurrence; tumor marker INCLUSION CRITERIA: (1) histolycally proven invasive pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (2) the number of intraabdominal distant metastasis is 5 or less, and all of them were removed for histological diagnosis at laparotomy (3)no distant metastasis with preoperative imaging (CT, MRI, FDG‐PET‐CT) (4) R01 resection is possible for primary cancer (5) with tolerable health to operation (6) no prior therapy for pancreas cancer except for metastatectomy at 1st laparotomy (7) not enrolled in other study with primary endpoint of resection or survival (8) no other active cancer (9) expect survival time is 6‐month and more (10) with consent in a writing form (11) 20 years old or older with judgement
Comparision of combination chemotherapy with single chemotherapy following Surgery for pancreatic and Periampullary cancer; INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Gemcitabine and Capecitabine.: Arm 2 Gemcitabine 1000mg/m2 is given as an i.v. infusion over 30‐45 minutes (or local practice), the lyophilized powder being diluted in normal saline. This will be administered on day 1, 8 and 15 out of 28 days. A 2 day window for the administration of gemcitabine is acceptable; this is to allow for public holidays or other miscellaneous reasons for a delay. Capecitabine 1660mg/m2/day in two divided doses administered orally for 21 days followed by 7 daysâ?? rest (one cycle) for six cycles i.e. 24 weeks. Patients will be advised that if a dose of capecitabine is missed, or vomited, they should carry on with the normal treatment schedule Control Intervention1: Gemcitabine: Arm 1 Gemcitabine 1000mg/m2 is given as an i.v. infusion over 30‐45 minutes (or local practice), the lyophilized powder being diluted in normal saline. This will be administered on day 1, 8 and 15 out of 28 days (one cycle) for six cycles i.e. 24 weeks. A 2 day window for the administration of gemcitabine is acceptable; this is to allow for public holidays or other miscellaneous reasons for a delay. CONDITION: pancreatic or peri‐ampullary cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma Length of survival. ; ; Peri‐Ampullary Carcinoma: Length of survival. ; ‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Minimum 5 year till death ; ; SECONDARY OUTCOME: Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma: ; Toxicity ; Quality of life (assessed using the EORTC QLQ‐C30 v3) ; Two year survival ; Five year survival ; Relapse free survival (RFS) ; ; Peri‐Ampullary Carcinoma: ; Toxicity ; Quality of life ; Four year survival ; Relapse free survival (RFS)‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Minimum 5 year till death ; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1) Patients who have undergone complete macroscopic resection for ductal adenocarcinoma of the pancreas (R0 or R1 resection). or Patients who have undergone complete macroscopic resection for peri‐ampullary carcinoma (R0 or R1 resection). Completion of all pre‐operative investigations. Histological confirmation of the primary diagnosis. 2) Histological examination of all resection margins. 3) Patients randomised ideally within 12 weeks of surgery, although case by case the CI will consider patients up to 14 weeks, and can begin treatment ideally within 14 weeks of surgery. 4)No evidence of malignant ascites, liver metastasis, spread to other distant abdominal organs, peritoneal metastasis, spread to extra‐abdominal organs â?? CT (chest, abdomen, pelvis) scan within 3 months prior to randomisation. 5) A WHO performance status < 2 6) Creatinine clearance â?¥ 50ml/min(according t
Efficacy of Perioperative Chemotherapy for Resectable Pancreatic Adenocarcinoma: a Phase 2 Randomized Clinical Trial; Importance: Clinical outcomes after curative treatment of resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDA) remain suboptimal. To assess the potential of early control of systemic disease with multiagent perioperative chemotherapy, we conducted a prospective trial. Objective: To determine 2‐year overall survival (OS) using perioperative chemotherapy for resectable PDA. Design, Setting, and Participants: This was a randomized phase 2 trial of perioperative chemotherapy with a pick‐the‐winner design. It was conducted across the National Clinical Trials Network, including academic and community centers all across the US. Eligibility required patients with Zubrod Performance Score of 0 or 1, confirmed tissue diagnosis of PDA, and resectable disease per Intergroup criteria. Interventions: Perioperative (12 weeks preoperative, 12 weeks postoperative) chemotherapy with either fluorouracil, irinotecan, and oxaliplatin (mFOLFIRINOX, arm 1) or gemcitabine/nab‐paclitaxel (arm 2). Main Outcomes and Measures: The primary outcome was 2‐year overall survival (OS), using a pick‐the‐winner design; for 100 eligible patients, accrual up to 150 patients was planned to account for cases deemed ineligible at central radiology review. Results: From 2015 to 2018, 147 patients were enrolled; 43 patients (29%) had ineligible disease, beyond resectability criteria, at central radiology review. There were 102 eligible and evaluable patients, 55 in arm 1 and 47 in arm 2, of whom the median (range) age was 66 (44‐76) and 64 (46‐76) years, respectively; 36 patients (65%) in arm 1 and 24 (51%) in arm 2 were men. In arm 1, 34 (62%) had Zubrod Performance Score of 0, while in arm 2, 31 (66%) did; and 44 (80%) in arm 1 and 39 (83%) in arm 2 had head tumors. Of 102 patients, 84% and 85% completed preoperative chemotherapy, 73% and 70% underwent resection, and 49% and 40% completed all treatment. Adverse events were expected hematologic toxic effects, fatigue, and gastrointestinal toxicities. Two‐year OS was 47% (95% CI, 31%‐61%) for arm 1 and 48% (95% CI, 31%‐63%) for arm 2; median OS was 23.2 months (95% CI, 17.6‐45.9 months) and 23.6 months (95% CI, 17.8‐31.7 months). Neither arm's 2‐year OS estimate was significantly higher than the a priori threshold of 40%. Median disease‐free survival after resection was 10.9 months in arm 1 and 14.2 months in arm 2. Conclusions and Relevance: This phase 2 randomized clinical trial did not demonstrate an improved OS with perioperative chemotherapy, compared with historical data from adjuvant trials in resectable pancreatic cancer. Two‐year OS was 47% with mFOLFIRINOX and 48% with gemcitabine/nab‐paclitaxel for all eligible patients starting treatment for resectable PDA. The trial also demonstrated adequate safety and high resectability rates with perioperative chemotherapy, and challenges in quality control for resectability criteria. Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT02562716.
Analysis of accrual in GIP-2 study, An Italian multicenter phase III randomized trial comparing FOLFOXIRI versus gemcitabine as adjuvant treatment for resected pancreatic cancer; Background: Adjuvant chemotherapy with gemcitabine increases survival over surgery alone in resected pancreatic cancer. Modified FOLFIRINOX demonstrated higher survival compared to gemcitabine in this setting. However, this triple‐drug combination may be more aggressive and not all patients could be eligible to this treatment. No data regarding screening failure were presented in PRODIGE 24 trial. The GIP‐2 trial recently investigated FOLFOXIRI versus gemcitabine in the same setting. We decided to analyze the number of screened patients and reasons for ineligibility. Methods: A retrospective analysis of clinical data of patients with resected pancreatic cancer evaluated at the centers enrolling patients in GIP‐2 trial during the time the study was conducted in order to evaluate the population of patients not included in the trial and the reasons for ineligibility. To avoid risks of overweighting screening failure rate, we decided to include only patients evaluated in active centers who enrolled at least one patient in the trial. Results: A total of 77 patients were enrolled in GIP‐2 study in 18 centers from 1/2015 to 5/2018, with an accrual rate of 1.25 patients/center/year that was similar to those of other adjuvant trials in pancreatic cancer (PRODIGE 24: 1.42; ESPAC‐4: 1.33). In the same period, a total of 461 resected pancreatic cancer were evaluated in the 18 centers; the 77 enrolled patients represent about 17% of all the assessed patients. Main reasons of ineligibility to the study were: ‐ age (>75 years or 70‐75 years and ECOG Performance Status 1), 111/384 (28.9%) ‐ slow recovery after surgery, 69/384 (18%) ‐ patient refusal, 43/384 (11.2%) ‐ physician decision, 30/384 (7.8%) ‐ metastatic disease at postsurgical restaging, 29/384 (7.6%) ‐ comorbidity, 23/384 (6%) ‐ other neoplasia within 5 years, 18/384 pts (4.7%) ‐ CA19.9 > 2.5 x upper limit of normal range, 17/384 (4.4%) ‐ previous neoadjuvant chemotherapy, 17/384 (4.4%) ‐ enrollment in competitive trial, 11/384 (2.9%) ‐ time from surgery >12 weeks, 9/384 (2.3%) ‐ histology, 7/384 (1.8%) Conclusions: Patients enrolled in phase III trials of adjuvant chemotherapy for resected pancreatic cancer are selected for good performance status, age, with no evidence of metastatic disease after surgery, having a good recovery after surgery. These results are crucial for design of possible future clinical trials investigating chemotherapy in different settings (preoperative versus postoperatitve) for resectable pancreatic cancer.
Neoadjuvant nab-paclitaxel plus gemcitabine therapy for resectable pancreatic cancer; A phase II multicenter trial; INTERVENTION: 1) Preoperative therapy: 2 course of gemcitabine and nab‐PTX combination therapy (28days for one course:day1, day8, day15 nab‐PTX:125mg/m2/day+GEM:1000mg/m2/day) or total six time administration 2) Surgical resection 3) Postoperative therapy: 4 course of S‐1 monotherapy (42days for one course:day1‐28 S‐1 80mg/m2) CONDITION: Resectable pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: Two year disease free survival SECONDARY OUTCOME: Overall survival, Progression free survival, R0 resection rate, Response rate of diagnostic imaging, Pathological chemotherapy effect, Adverse events, Rate of preoperative treatment completion, Rate of protocol achievement, Surgical complication INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1.Resectable pancreatic cancer (JPS7th) 2.Pathological or cytologically proven invasive ductal adenocarcinoma or adenosquamous carcinoma 3.No distant metastasis 4.Age over 20 or under 80 5.ECOG performance status 0‐1 6.No history of chemo therapy within 3 years. 7.No history of pancreatic cancer therapy 8.No problems for oral intake 9.Neither peripheral sensory neuropathy nor peripheral motor neuropathy 10.In the case of obstructive jaundice, appropriate bileduct drainage is performed 11.No findings of gastrointestinal infiltration protruding into the lumen and or gastrointestinal bleeding 12.The latest inspection value within 14 days before registration satisfies all of the following. 1) White blood cell count more than 3,000 / mm 3, 2) Hemoglobin more than 9.0 g / dL (no transfuse within 7 days before registration), 3) Platelet count more than 10 x 10 4 / mm 3, 4) Albumin more than 3.0 g / dL, 5) Total bilirubin less than 2.0 mg /
ASSESSMENT OF THE EXTERNAL VALIDITY OF THE NCCN GUIDELINES FOR PANCREATIC DUCTAL ADENOCARCINOMA (PDAC) IN A REAL POPULATION OF ELDERLY PATIENTS AGED 70 YEARS AND OLDER; Introduction: Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) mainly occurs in older adult. Since randomized clinical trials (RCTs) provide the highest‐quality evidence incorporated in NCCN recommendations, the underrepresentation of elderly in RCTs challenges the external validity of guidelines and limits the solidity of evidence in this specific population. Objectives: The study aimed to investigate external validity of NCCN guidelines for PDCA in a real‐world older population (≥70 years old). Methods: We identified the following questions about PDAC management from NCCN guidelines: 1) adjuvant chemotherapy and 2) chemoradiation versus surgery alone; 3) neoadjuvant chemo/chemoradiation versus surgery alone; 4) chemoradiation versus chemotherapy and 5) best radiosensitizer chemotherapy in locally advanced PDAC. For each question we matched characteristics of patients with PDAC from Moffitt database with the reference RCTs eligibility criteria (EC) to check their qualification for at least 2 RCTs. Eligibility >60% was rated full validity, 30–60% partial validity, <30% limited validity (de Water, 2014). We also performed log‐rank test to assessed whether “eligibility” status affect OS, stratifying by age (70–74; 75–79; ≥80). Results and Conclusions: We retrospectively analyzed 707 subjects with PDAC, 70–93 years old and collected 95 RCTs from pancreatic NCCN guidelines. We found full validity for neoadjuvant (57/73 patients; 69.86%) and locally advanced (28/39; 71.79%) chemoradiotherapy, partial validity for adjuvant chemotherapy (37/86; 43.02%) and adjuvant chemoradiotherapy (19/35; 54.28%). Lowest validity was found for radiosensitizer chemotherapy (13/37; 35.13%). No differences were observed in age‐related subgroups. Main exclusion criteria were second malignancies, renal impairment, age >75, previous neoadjuvant therapy and time from surgery in adjuvant setting. Irrespective of age, eligible status was correlated with a significant OS benefit for question 4 (p=0.002). Although retrospective, our analysis supports the limitation of guidelines’ external validity in elderly and suggests its impact on survival. Renewing RCT design with broader EC might help increase inclusion of older and thus strengthen the evidence. Disclosure of interest: None declared
Nab-paclitaxel plus gemcitabine versus nab-paclitaxel plus gemcitabine followed by FOLFIRINOX induction chemotherapy in locally advanced pancreatic cancer (NEOLAP-AIO-PAK-0113): a multicentre, randomised, phase 2 trial; Background: The optimal preoperative treatment for locally advanced pancreatic cancer is unknown. We aimed to compare the efficacy and safety of nab‐paclitaxel plus gemcitabine with nab‐paclitaxel plus gemcitabine followed by fluorouracil, leucovorin, irinotecan, and oxaliplatin (FOLFIRINOX) as multidrug induction chemotherapy regimens in locally advanced pancreatic cancer. Methods: In this open‐label, multicentre, randomised phase 2 study, done at 28 centres in Germany, eligible patients were adults (aged 18–75 years) with an Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group performance status of 0 or 1 and histologically or cytologically confirmed, treatment‐naive locally advanced pancreatic adenocarcinoma, as determined by local multidisciplinary team review. After two cycles of nab‐paclitaxel 125 mg/m2 plus gemcitabine 1000 mg/m2 (administered intravenously on days 1, 8, and 15 of each 28‐day cycle), patients without progressive disease or unacceptable adverse events were randomly assigned (1:1) to receive either two additional cycles of nab‐paclitaxel plus gemcitabine (nab‐paclitaxel plus gemcitabine group) or four cycles of sequential FOLFIRINOX (oxaliplatin 85 mg/m2, leucovorin 400 mg/m2, irinotecan 180 mg/m2, fluorouracil 400 mg/m2 by intravenous bolus followed by a continuous intravenous infusion of 2400 mg/m2 for 46 h on day 1 of each 14‐day cycle; sequential FOLFIRINOX group). Randomisation was done by the clinical research organisation on request of the trial centre using a permuted block design (block size 2 and 4). Patients, investigators, and study team members were not masked to treatment allocation. The primary endpoint was surgical conversion rate (complete macroscopic tumour resection) in the randomised population by intention‐to‐treat analysis, which was assessed by surgical exploration in all patients with at least stable disease after completion of induction chemotherapy. This trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT02125136. Findings: Between Nov 18, 2014, and April 27, 2018, 168 patients were registered and 130 were randomly assigned to either the nab‐paclitaxel plus gemcitabine group (64 patients) or the sequential FOLFIRINOX group (66 patients). Surgical exploration after completed induction chemotherapy was done in 40 (63%) of 64 patients in the nab‐paclitaxel plus gemcitabine group and 42 (64%) of 66 patients in the sequential FOLFIRINOX group. 23 patients in the nab‐paclitaxel plus gemcitabine group and 29 in the sequential FOLFIRINOX group had complete macroscopic tumour resection, yielding a surgical conversion rate of 35·9% (95% CI 24·3–48·9) in the nab‐paclitaxel plus gemcitabine group and 43·9% (31·7–56·7) in the sequential FOLFIRINOX group (odds ratio 0·72 [95% CI 0·35–1·45]; p=0·38). At a median follow‐up of 24·9 months (95% CI 21·8–27·6), median overall survival was 18·5 months (95% CI 14·4–21·5) in the nab‐paclitaxel plus gemcitabine group and 20·7 months (13·9–28·7) in the sequential FOLFIRINOX group (hazard ratio 0·86 [95% CI 0·55–1·36]; p=0·53). All other secondary efficacy endpoints, such as investigator‐assessed progression‐free survival, radiographic response rate, CA 19‐9 response rate, and R0 resection rate, were not significantly different between the two treatment groups except for improved histopathological downstaging in evaluable resection specimens from the sequential FOLFIRINOX group (ypT1/2 stage: 20 [69%] of 29 patients in the sequential FOLFIRINOX group vs four [17%] of 23 patients in the nab‐paclitaxel plus gemcitabine group, p=0·0003; ypN0 stage: 15 [52%] of 29 patients in the sequential FOLFIRINOX group vs four [17%] of 23 patients in the nab‐paclitaxel plus gemcitabine group, p=0·02). Grade 3 or higher treatment‐emergent adverse events during induction chemotherapy occurred in 35 (55%) of 64 patients in nab‐paclitaxel plus gemcitabine group and in 35 (53%) of 66 patients in the sequential FOLFIRINOX group. The most common of which were neutropenia (18 [28%] in nab‐paclitaxel plus gemcitabine group, 16 [24%] in the sequential FOLFIRINOX group), nausea and vomiting (two [3%] in nab‐paclitaxel plus gemcitabine group, eight [12%] in the sequential FOLFIRINOX group), and bile duct obstruction with cholangitis (six [9%] in nab‐paclitaxel plus gemcitabine group, seven [11%] in the sequential FOLFIRINOX group). No deaths were caused by treatment‐related adverse events during the induction chemotherapy phase. Interpretation: Our findings suggest that nab‐paclitaxel plus gemcitabine is similarly active and safe as nab‐paclitaxel plus gemcitabine followed by FOLFIRINOX as multidrug induction chemotherapy regimens for locally advanced pancreatic cancer. Although conversion to resectability was achieved in about a third of patients, additional evidence is required to determine whether this translates into improved overall survival. Funding: Celgene.
Outcomes of neoadjuvant gemcitabine plus S-1 and radiation therapy for borderline resectable pancreatic cancer; BACKGROUND: The efficacy of multidisciplinary treatment, including neoadjuvant treatment, in borderline resectable pancreatic cancer (BRPC) remains unclear. We assessed the efficacy of neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy with gemcitabine and tegafu/gimearcil/oteracil (S‐1) for BRPC. METHODS: In a single center, nonrandomized prospective study, neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy (NACRT) with gemcitabine plus S‐1 was administered for BRPC (no. B090312028) in 122 patients enrolled between 2009 and 2015. Gemcitabine plus S‐1 comprised gemcitabine on days 8 and 15, and daily S‐1 on days 1‐14. After two courses of gemcitabine plus S‐1, 30 Gy radiotherapy was administered in 10 fractions with S‐1. RESULTS: Eighty‐four and 38 patients had BR‐PV and BR‐A, respectively. No deaths occurred during NACRT. Ninety‐four patients (77%) underwent resection with curative intent. R0 resection was performed in 91% of resected cases. Patients who underwent post‐NACRT resection had better overall survival than did patients without resection (mean survival time [MST]: 24.7 vs 9.6 months, 5‐year‐survival rate (5 years): 30.3% vs 0%, P < .001). Adjuvant chemotherapy was administered in 73% of patients. MST and 5‐year survival rate of the patients treated with NACRT followed by resection and adjuvant chemotherapy were 29.6 months and 34.3%, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy with gemcitabine and S‐1 can be safely administered in BRPC and may require adjuvant chemotherapy. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: This study was registered with the University Hospital Medical Information Network‐Clinical Trials Registry (UMIN‐CTR) UMIN000006782.
Neoadjuvant chemotherapy with FOLFIRINOX and preoperative chemoradiotherapy for patients with locally advanced rectal cancer (UNICANCER PRODIGE 23): health-related quality of life longitudinal analysis; Background: Results from the phase 3 PRODIGE 23 study showed that neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NAC) with mFOLFIRINOX and preoperative chemoradiotherapy improved disease‐free survival compared with preoperative chemoradiotherapy in patients with locally advanced rectal cancer. We aimed to assess the health‐related quality of life (HRQOL) outcomes from this study. Patients and methods: A total of 461 patients (231 versus 230 patients) from 35 French hospitals were randomly assigned to either NAC with FOLFIRINOX (oxaliplatin 85 mg/m2, irinotecan 180 mg/m2, leucovorin 400 mg/m2, fluorouracil 2400 mg/m2 over 46 h intravenously every 2 weeks for 6 cycles) followed by preoperative chemoradiotherapy or chemoradiotherapy only. HRQOL was assessed at baseline, during treatments and at 2‐year follow‐up using the European Organization for Research and Treatment of Cancer QLQ‐C30 and QLQ‐CR29 questionnaires. Results: Compared to baseline, HRQOL scores during NAC were better for tumour symptoms but worse for global health status, functional domains, fatigue, nausea/vomiting and appetite loss. During follow‐up, improved emotional functioning was observed, but deterioration of body image, increased urinary incontinence, and lower male sexual function were observed. Linear mixed model exhibited a treatment‐by‐time interaction effect for nausea/vomiting and insomnia symptoms showing a greater deterioration in the standard‐of‐care group. Only treatment arm and baseline physical functioning were independent significant favourable prognostic factors. Conclusion: NAC improved tumour‐related symptoms and transitorily reduced most functional scores. Adding NAC before chemoradiotherapy and increased physical functioning at baseline were independent significant prognostic factors for longer disease‐free survival.
Survival outcomes between surgery with adjuvant therapy compared to neoadjuvant therapy with surgery in stage I pancreatic adenocarcinoma: results from a large national cancer database; Background: There has been a paradigm shift in the treatment of stage 1 pancreatic adenocarcinoma (PAC) from surgery first followed by adjuvant therapy (AT) to Neoadjuvant therapy (NAT) first followed by surgery and this is reflected in the current NCCN guidelines as well. Data comparing these two modalities are limited. AIM: To compare long time survival between surgery vs Surgery + AT and NAT + Surgery in a large National Cancer Database. Methods: We identified patients with surgically resected AJCC clinical stage 1, 1A, and 1B PAC between 2004‐2014. Patients were stratified into 3 groups to assess outcomes. Exclusion criteria: those with incomplete survival and sequence of therapy data. Hazard ratios (HR) were calculated for evaluation of survival, as well as for 30Day and 90Day Mortality between the 3 groups. Results were adjusted for age and DeyoCharlson comorbidity index. Results: A total of 9684 pts with Clincal stage 1, 1A, 1B PAC between 2004‐2014 were identified. Of these 2266 pts underwent surgery alone; 6222 had surgery followed by AT; and 1196 pts had neoadjuvant therapy followed by surgery. There was a HR of 0.995 (95% CI 0.9351.058 p = 0.864) and 0.984 (95% CI 0.9241.048, p = 0.617) for 30and 90Day mortality comparing upfront surgery to NAT, respectively. With AT as the reference group for survival, there was a HR of 1.362 (95% CI 1.2861.443, p < 0.001) for surgery only and HR of 0.929 (95% CI 0.8591.004, p = 0.064) for NAT. Conclusions: 1. Surgery alone had worse overall survival. 2. There was no significant difference in overall survival when comparing AT and NAT 3. A prospective randomized trial evaluating the differences in survival is needed.
Elevated Ca 19-9 predicts the presence of metastatic aortocaval lymph nodes and impaired survival in resected patients with borderline and locally advanced pancreatic cancer; Background and Objectives: Surgery has been shown to improve the survival of patients with borderline and locally advanced pancreatic cancer (BR‐LAPC). There are technical, but no clear biologic criteria how to select which patients would benefit from resection. The aim of the study is to evaluate the impact of elevated Ca 19‐9, mGPS, and positive aortocaval lymph nodes (ACLN) on survival of resected patients with BR‐LAPC. Materials and Methods: Retrospective analysis from a prospectively collected database was done on all patients resected for BR‐LAPC at Karolinska University Hospital between 2008‐2018. AOCL were routinely sampled for staging, but did not preclude resection. Results: Overall 270 patients with BR‐LAPC were resected with perioperative mortality of 2.6% (n=7). Mean age was 67 years, male:female ratio 1.1:1. Positive AOCL were found in 38 patients (14.1%) and had the strongest association with impaired survival: median, 1‐,3‐,5‐year survival of 11 months, 40%, 7%, 0% and 18 months, 70%, 29%, 19%, respectively. Modified GPS 0, 1 or 2 was neither associated with the presence of positive ACLN nor survival (p=ns). Elevated Ca 19‐9 >200, compared to ≤200,showed clear association with the presence of positive ACLN (positive:negative ACLN = 26:58 versus 11:86, respectively, p<0.05) and impaired survival: median, 1‐,3‐,5‐year survival of 15 months, 56%, 10%, 7% versus 22 months, 69%, 35%, 21% (p=0.0005). Adjuvant, but not neoadjuvant, chemotherapy had significant positive impact on survival: 24 months, 75%, 34%, 23% versus 14 months, 55%, 21%, 12%, respectively (p=0.0004). Conclusion: Patients with BR‐LAPC and elevated Ca 19‐9 might need routine sampling of ACLN before decision for resection to better select who would benefit from surgery.
Neoadjuvant FOLFIRINOX versus Neoadjuvant Chemoradiotherapy and Adjuvant Chemotherapy for Resectable and Borderline Resectable Pancreatic Cancer: update on the Nationwide Multicenter PREOPANC-2 Randomized Trial; Background: Two randomized studies have found superior R0 resection rate with neoadjuvant chemotherapy compared to upfront surgery for (borderline) resectable pancreatic cancer. The PREOPANC‐2 trial compares two neoadjuvant regimens in patients with resectable and borderline resectable pancreatic cancer ((B)RPC). Material and methods: This multicenter randomized controlled trial includes patients with pathologically proven pancreatic cancer, WHO performance score < 2, and both ≤90 degrees arterial and ≤270 degrees venous abutment on imaging. Patients are randomized to receive 8 cycles of neoadjuvant FOLFIRINOX chemotherapy without adjuvant treatment (arm A), or 3 cycles of neoadjuvant gemcitabine combined with hypofractionated radiotherapy (36 Gy in 15 fractions), followed by surgery and adjuvant 4 cycles of gemcitabine, similar to the intervention arm of the PREOPANC‐1 trial. The primary endpoint is OS by intention‐to‐treat. Secondary endpoints include progression‐free survival, quality of life, and (R0) resection rate. Blood samples for biomarkers are collected at five time points. Sample size is 368 patients, with 2.5 years accrual and 1.5 years follow‐up after last inclusion. Results: All 15 centers performing pancreatic surgery in the Netherlands are open and 199 (54%) patients have been randomized. Last three monthly accrual rates were 15, 16, and 18 patients. More than 50% of all eligible patients in the Netherlands have been enrolled in the last months. Biomarkers have been collected for 90% of sampling moments. Conclusion: Rapid accrual of patients in an RCT comparing two neoadjuvant regimens for (B)RPC is feasible. Results of the PREOPANC‐2 trial are anticipated in the summer of 2022. [Formula presented]
Analyses for clinical outcomes of GS and GnP neoadjuvant therapies followed by surgery for borderline resectable pancreatic cancer; To improve the prognosis of pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) patients, curative resection with multidisciplinary therapy is needed. Consecutive 116 patients with borderline resectable (BR) PDAC who undergone pancreatectomy from Jan 2008 to Dec 2018 were analyzed. We assessed the clinical significance of neoadjuvant therapy (NAT), and compared the clinical impact between gemcitabine plus S‐1 (GS) and gemcitabine plus nab‐paclitaxel (GnP) for neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NAC) in BR PDAC (n=62). Comparing between surgery first (SF: n=45) and NAT (n=71) group, the Kaplan‐Meier analysis showed that median survival time (MST) for overall survival were 22.2 months for SF and 29.2 months for NAT (p=0.057). Focusing on the differences of strategy for NAT, we compared the clinical outcomes of patients between GS (n=36) and GnP (n=26). The mean of NAC duration was 3.2 months for GS and 2.8 months for GnP. Among the clinico‐pathological parameters, no differences of backgrounds for patients were observed between these two regimens. The response rates for RECIST criteria were 33.3% for GS and 38.5% for GnP. The decrease rate of CA19‐9 during NAC were 51.6% for GS and 67.7% for GnP (p=0.07), whereas the rate of N2 positive in GS was significantly lower than that in GnP (p=0.009). The MST for overall survival were 29.2 months for GS and 24.2 months for GnP in BR, notably, 40.0 months for GS and 27.1 months for GnP in BR‐A. Randomized prospective studies for the optimal NAC will be warranted for the strategy of treatment for patients with BR PDAC.
Adjuvant Gemcitabine and Capecitabine Chemotherapy in Resected Pancreatic Cancer Following Neoadjuvant Chemotherapy; The purpose of the research is to compare the usual treatment approach (chemotherapy followed by surgery) to using chemotherapy followed by surgery and then more chemotherapy. This study will help the study doctors find out if this different approach is better, the same, or worse than the usual approach. To decide if it is better, the study doctors will be looking to see if the study approach increases the lifespan of patients compared to the usual approach. There will be two arms of the study. Arm one will receive treatment with gemcitabine and capecitabine every 28 days for 6 cycles. Arm two be will receive standard of care observation. Participants will be asked to undergo imaging (e.g., CT) and laboratory testing to monitor for disease recurrence. The time in the study will be for 30 months.
APOLLO: a Randomized Phase II Double-Blind Study of Olaparib Versus Placebo Following Curative Intent Therapy in Patients With Resected Pancreatic Cancer and a Pathogenic BRCA1, BRCA2 or PALB2 Mutation; PRIMARY OBJECTIVE:I. To determine the relapse‐free survival (RFS)‐benefit from the addition of amaintenance olaparib following completion of chemotherapy in patients with resectedpancreatic carcinoma and a pathogenic germline or somatic mutation in BRCA1, BRCA2 orPALB2.SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:I. To evaluate RFS in patients with olaparib after perioperative chemotherapy compared tothose treated with perioperative therapy alone among patients who received priorplatinum‐based perioperative chemotherapy.II. To evaluate overall survival (OS) in patients treated with olaparib after adjuvantchemotherapy compared to those treated with adjuvant treatment alone.III. To analyze the efficacy of olaparib after chemotherapy in patients with a pathogenicgermline BRCA or PALB2 mutation compared to those with a somatic mutation.IV. To analyze survival differences between patients who received neoadjuvant orperioperative chemotherapy compared to those who received adjuvant therapy alone.V. To analyze RFS and OS differences in those who received =< 3 months of perioperativeplatinum chemotherapy compared to those who received > 3 months of perioperative platinumchemotherapy.VI. To analyze RFS and OS differences in those who received any platinum‐basedperioperative chemotherapy compared to no‐platinum based perioperative chemotherapy.EXPLORATORY OBJECTIVES:I. To analyze RFS and OS differences in patients who had R1 versus (vs) R0 resections,lymph node positivity at resection, and/or elevated or rising CA 19‐9 or CEA at time ofstudy enrollment in the post‐operative setting.II. To analyze RFS and OS differences with those who had resectable disease at diagnosiscompared to those who did not.III. To analyze RFS and OS differences in those with gBRCA1 mutations compared to thosewith gBRCA2 mutations and gPALB2 mutations.OUTLINE: Patients are randomized to 1 of 2 arms.ARM I: Patients receive olaparib orally (PO) twice daily (BID) on days 1‐28 of eachcycle. Treatment repeats every 28 days for 12 cycles in the absence of diseaseprogression or unacceptable toxicity. Patients also undergo computed tomography (CT)scans or CT/magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and collection of blood throughout thestudy.ARM II: Patients receive placebo PO BID on days 1‐28 of each cycle. Treatment repeatsevery 28 days for 12 cycles in the absence of disease progression or unacceptabletoxicity. Patients also undergo CT scans or CT/MRI and collection of blood throughout thestudy.After completion of study treatment, patients are followed up at 30 days, every 4 monthsfor year 1, then every 6 months for years 2‐10 after randomization.
Adjuvant Gemcitabine Versus Neoadjuvant/Adjuvant FOLFIRINOX in Resectable Pancreatic Cancer: the Randomized Multicenter Phase II NEPAFOX Trial; Background: Although addition of adjuvant chemotherapy is the current standard, the prognosis of pancreatic cancers still remains poor. The NEPAFOX trial evaluated perioperative treatment with FOLFIRINOX in resectable pancreatic cancer. Patients and Methods: This multicenter phase II trial randomized patients with resectable or borderline resectable pancreatic cancer without metastases into arm (A,) upfront surgery plus adjuvant gemcitabine, or arm (B,) perioperative FOLFIRINOX. The primary endpoint was overall survival (OS). Results: Owing to poor accrual, recruitment was prematurely stopped after randomization of 40 of the planned 126 patients (A: 21, B: 19). Overall, approximately three‐quarters were classified as primarily resectable (A: 16, B: 15), and the remaining patients were classified as borderline resectable (A: 5, B: 4). Of the 12 evaluable patients, 3 achieved partial response under neoadjuvant FOLFIRINOX. Of the 21 patients in arm A and 19 patients in arm B, 17 and 7 underwent curative surgery, and R0‐resection was achieved in 77% and 71%, respectively. Perioperative morbidity occurred in 72% in arm A and 46% in arm B, whereas non‐surgical toxicity was comparable in both arms. Median RFS/PFS was almost doubled in arm B (14.1 months) compared with arm A (8.4 months) in the population with surgical resection, whereas median OS was comparable between both arms. Conclusions: Although the analysis was only descriptive owing to small patient numbers, no safety issues regarding surgical complications were observed in the perioperative FOLFIRINOX arm. Thus, considering the small number of patients, perioperative treatment approach appears feasible and potentially effective in well‐selected cohorts of patients. In pancreatic cancer, patient selection before initiation of neoadjuvant therapy appears to be critical.
Trial on Radical Upfront Surgery in Advanced Ovarian Cancer; Both randomised groups are treated with surgery for complete resection following guideline recommendations and including median laparotomy, complete adhesiolysis, hysterectomy, bilateral salpingo‐oophorectomy, omentectomy and (partial) resection of all affected organs (e.g. small or large bowel, peritoneum, spleen, pancreas, peritoneum, urinary tract etc.) as well as pelvic and paraaortic lymphadenectomy if indicated. Patients with significant pleural effusion (>500 mL in the right chest or any pleural effusion in the left chest, assessed either through ultrasound or CT scan) need to undergo video assisted thoracoscopy or open assessment of the pleura prior or during debulking surgery to detect and if possible remove intrathoracic disease. Group 1: Primary debulking surgery Patients allocated to the primary debulking group undergo surgery followed by 6 cycles of platinum and taxane based chemotherapy. Recommended systemic treatment Group 1: It is recommended to start systemic treatment after sufficient regeneration from surgery [45], which will be ideally 2 to 6 weeks (but at the latest 8 weeks) after surgery. The following treatments are recommended: 1. Participation in a prospective randomized trial, as long as participation is possible in case of randomization in either arm of the current study 2. Carboplatin AUC 5‐6 / paclitaxel 175 mg/m² q21 / bevacizumab 15mg/KG q21, 6 cycles followed by bevacizumab maintenance therapy for a total of 15 months or until disease progression. 3. Carboplatin AUC 5‐6 / paclitaxel 175 mg/m² q21, 6 cycles. Substitution of paclitaxel by docetaxel (75mg/m²) in cases of contraindications to paclitaxel is possible. Maintenance/consolidation therapy inside prospective trials or according to national standard treatments is allowed. Additional treatment outside prospective studies is not recommended. 4. Carboplatin AUC 5 ‐ 6, q21 , 6 cycles in the case of contraindications of combination chemotherapy Group 2: Interval debulking surgery Patients allocated to the interval debulking surgery group undergo biopsy to confirm ovarian cancer and then 3 cycles of neoadjuvant preoperative platinum and taxane based chemotherapy. Then interval debulking surgery is performed followed by 3 cycles of postoperative platinum and taxane based chemotherapy Recommended systemic treatment Group 2: It is recommended to start systemic treatment as soon as possible after biopsy confirmation of ovarian cancer. The following treatments are recommended for neoadjuvant chemotherapy: 1. Participation in a prospective randomized trial, as long as participation is possible in case of randomization in either arm of the current study 2. Carboplatin AUC5‐6 / paclitaxel 175 mg/m² q21, 3 cycles. Substitution of paclitaxel by docetaxel (75mg/m²) in cases of contraindications to paclitaxel is possible. 3. Carboplatin AUC 5‐6, q21 , 3 cycles in the case of contraindications of combination chemotherapy It is recommended to start postoperative chemotherapy after sufficient regeneration from interval debulking surgery, which will be ideally 2 to 6 weeks after surgery. The following treatments are recommended: 1. Participation in a prospective randomized trial, as long as participation is possible in case of randomization in either arm of the current study 2. Carboplatin AUC 5‐6 / paclitaxel 175 mg/m² q21 / bevacizumab 15mg/KG q21, 3 cycles followed by bevacizumab maintenance therapy for a total of 15 months or until disease progression. 3. Carboplatin AUC5‐6 / paclitaxel 175 mg/m² q21, 3 cycles. Substitution of paclitaxel by docetaxel (75mg/m²) in cases of contraindications to paclitaxel is possible. Maintenance/consolidation therapy inside prospective trials or according to national standard treatments is allowed. Additional treatment outside prospective studies is not recommended. 4. Carboplatin AUC 5‐6, q21 , 3 cycles in the case of contraindications of combination chemotherapy
SWOG S1505: a randomized phase II study of perioperative mFOLFIRINOX vs. gemcitabine/nab-paclitaxel as therapy for resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma; Background: Clinical outcomes after curative therapy for resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDA) remain suboptimal. Series show that 70‐85% of patients die of systemic recurrence. Improved overall survival (OS) in the metastatic setting with the use of multi‐agent chemotherapy regimens (FOLFIRINOX, gemcitabine/nab‐paclitaxel) holds the promise of progress in the curative setting as well. However, aggressive systemic therapy is usually not feasible after major pancreatic surgery. Therefore, early control of systemic disease by increased preoperative chemotherapy may improve outcomes. Furthermore, the perioperative platform facilitates early identification of patients with chemotherapy‐resistant tumors and allows prospective biomarker studies in the future. Methods: This is a randomized phase II study intended to choose the most promising perioperative regimen to test in a larger trial. Eligibility requirements include adult patients with an ECOG PS of 0 or 1, a confirmed histopathologic diagnosis of PDA, and resectable disease as confirmed by central radiology review: no involvement of the celiac, common hepatic, or superior mesenteric arteries (and, if present, variants); no involvement, or < 180° interface between tumor and vessel wall, of the portal or superior mesenteric veins; patent portal vein/splenic vein confluence; no metastases. Treatment includes 12 weeks [either 6 doses of mFOLFIRINOX (5‐fluorouracil, irinotecan, oxaliplatin ‐ without bolus 5‐FU and leucovorin), or 9 doses of gemcitabine/nabpaclitaxel, on standard schedules] of preoperative chemotherapy, followed by surgical resection and 12 weeks of identical postoperative chemotherapy. Primary outcome is 2‐year OS, using a “pick the winner” design with minimum two‐year OS of 40% assuming a 58% alternative hypothesis, 88% power, and a 1‐sided α of 0.05, providing 90% probability of selecting the better regimen with a total sample size of 150 patients. Correlative studies are planned.
Randomized, open-label trial of gemcitabine/nab-paclitaxel (G/NP) ± pamrevlumab (P) as neoadjuvant chemotherapy in locally advanced, unresectable pancreatic cancer (LAPC); Background: Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) is characterized by dense stroma and connective tissue growth factor (CTGF) overexpression. Although prolonged overall survival (OS) can be achieved through resection, only approximately 15% to 20% of patients are treated with surgery. Previously, pamrevlumab (P), a fully human monoclonal antibody blocking CTGF, was combined with gemcitabine/erlotinib (G/E) in a study of advanced PDAC. P plasma levels of > 150 μg/mL and low baseline CTGF levels resulted in prolonged OS. We hypothesize that neoadjuvant (NA) treatment of LAPC with P + G/nab‐paclitaxel (NP) may alter LAPC's stroma, increase R0 resectability, and improve OS similar to that of patients resectable at presentation. Methods: LAPC subjects, confirmed by NCCN criteria and staging laparoscopy, were randomized 2:1 to G/NP ± P for 6‐ cycle/24‐week treatment. Safety and efficacy (resection rate, OS, progression‐free survival, tumor response) were assessed. Resection was performed in subjects who met protocol‐defined criteria with no contraindications. Results: As of 26 Sep 2016, 25 subjects were enrolled. Of 14 subjects in Arm A (G/NP + P), 7 completed, 2 discontinued. Of 11 subjects in Arm B (G/NP), 4 completed, 4 discontinued. 6 subjects (43%) in Arm A and 4 (36%) in Arm B experienced SAEs; no P‐related SAEs were reported. Out of 7 eligible Arm A subjects, 3 were not resected. Successful resection was achieved in 4 Arm A subjects (3 R0, 1 R1) and 1 Arm B subject (R0) (Table). Conclusions: The combination of G/NP + P is feasible and well‐tolerated with no incremental safety signals in this study. The addition of P suggests a trend toward increased resectability among LAPC subjects. (Table presented).
Randomized Phase II Trial of Neoadjuvant Chemotherapy with Modified FOLFIRINOX versus Modified FOLFIRINOX and PD-1 Antibody for Borderline Resectable and Locally Advanced Pancreatic Cancer (The CISPD-4 Study); Introduction: Neoadjuvant chemotherapy is recommended for BRPC and LAPC planned resection. PD‐1 antibody alone was failed in advanced pancreatic cancer, but chemotherapy combined with PD‐1 antibody are promising. Method: This is a randomized, controlled, open‐label phase II study including patients with BRPC or LAPC. Modified FOLFIRINOX (mFFX) is used as neoadjuvant chemotherapy. Patients will be randomly allocated into two groups: mFFX group and mFFX plus PD‐1 antibody group (PD‐1 group). Imaging evaluation will be discussed by the MDT. Surgical resection will be performed if the MDT confirms the resectability. (NCT03983057). Results: From March 4th 2019 to August 1st 2021, 146 patients (62 BRPCs and 84 LAPCs) were enrolled. 115 patients received at least four cycles of therapy. In PD‐1 group, irAEs happened in seven patients (9.7%), including rash (3 patients, Grade 1), hepatic AE (2 patients Grade 3, 1 patient Grade 2), renal AE (2 patients, Grade 2), and hyperglycemia (2 patients). Radiological PR were noted in 13.3% patients in mFFX group, and 26.9% in PD‐1 group. For BRPC patients, the radiological PR was 13.0% and 36.3%, respectively. The resection rate was similar in two groups (47.4% and 51.7%). R0 resections were performed in 70.3% and 86.6% patients, respectively. For LAPC patients, PD‐1 group has a higher resection rate (37.1% vs. 48.0%). The survival data are not mature at present. Conclusions: Modified FOLFIRINOX plus PD‐1 antibody is feasible and well‐tolerated for BRPC and LAPC patients. The study will be continued and the detailed data will be reported.
Randomized phase II trial of neoadjuvant chemotherapy with modified FOLFIRINOX versus modified FOLFIRINOX and PD-1 antibody for borderline resectable and locally advanced pancreatic cancer (the CISPD-4 study); Background: Neoadjuvant chemotherapy is recommended for BRPC and LAPC planned resection. PD‐1 antibody alone was failed in advanced pancreatic cancer, but chemotherapy combined with PD‐1 antibody are promising. Methods: This is a randomized, controlled, open‐label phase II study including patients with BRPC or LAPC. Modified FOLFIRINOX (mFFX) is used as neoadjuvant chemotherapy. Patients will be randomly allocated into two groups: mFFX group and mFFX plus PD‐1 antibody group (PD‐1 group). Imaging evaluation will be discussed by the MDT. Surgical resection will be performed if the MDT confirms the resectability. (NCT03983057). Results: From March 4, 2019 to August 1, 2021, 146 patients (62 BRPCs and 84 LAPCs) were enrolled. 115 patients received at least four cycles of therapy. In PD‐1 group, irAEs happened in seven patients (9.7%), including rash (3 patients, Grade 1), hepatic AE (2 patients Grade 3, 1 patient Grade 2), renal AE (2 patients, Grade 2), and hyperglycemia (2 patients). Radiological PR were noted in 13.3% patients in mFFX group, and 26.9% in PD‐1 group. For BRPC patients, the radiological PR was 13.0% and 36.3%, respectively. The resection rate was similar in two groups (47.4% and 51.7%). R0 resections were performed in 70.3% and 86.6% patients, respectively. For LAPC patients, PD‐1 group has a higher resection rate (37.1% vs.48.0%). The survival data are not mature at present. Conclusions: Modified FOLFIRINOX plus PD‐1 antibody is feasible and well‐tolerated for BRPC and LAPC patients. The study will be continued and the detailed data will be reported.
1060 RESECTION RATE AND SURVIVAL AFTER NEOADJUVANT THERAPY FOR BORDERLINE RESECTABLE AND LOCALLY ADVANCED PANCREATIC CANCER: a PROSPECTIVE COHORT STUDY; Introduction In the last decade, a strategy of neoadjuvant therapy (NAT) followed by conversion surgery has been tested and is increasingly used in the treatment of primarily unresectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma (PDAC). The introduction of new chemotherapeutic regimens, such as folfirinox (FFN) and gemcitabine plus albumin‐bound paclitaxel (GEMPAC), have brought encouraging results in terms of downstaging, conversion to resectability and survival. Randomized clinical trials (RCTs) are lacking on this topic. The aim of this study is to evaluate the impact of NAT on borderline resectable (BR) and locally advanced (LAC) pancreatic cancer. Methods From January 2012 to December 2018, a consecutive series of patients with BR or LAC PDAC was enrolled in a prospective cohort study after multidisciplinary discussion. Patients were stratified in four groups according to their elegibility and response to NAT: 1)resected patients, 2)patients who underwent explorative surgery after NAT but were not deemed resectable, 3)patients who did not respond to NAT and therefore not explored surgically and 4)patients not eligible for NAT due to poor performance status who received solely the best supportive care[BSC]. Overall survival (OS) and disease free survival (DSF) of the four different groups were analyzed. OS analysis was performed using the Kaplan‐Meier method. Cox multivariate regression was performed to identify risk factors and predictors of survival. Results Fifty‐five patients were enrolled in the study. The adopted chemotherapy regimens were mainly FFN and GEMPAC (51.06% and 36.17% respectively). Eight patients were not eligible for NAT due to poor general conditions. After NAT, 22 patients (41.81%) showed a biochemical/radiological response and were considered for surgery: 11 (47.82%) were radically resected with a DFS of 26.43 ± 5.51 months. Survivals related to the different groups were: 40.44 ± 4.27 months for resected patients, 19.82 ± 3.07 months for those explored but not resected, 14.29 ± 2.09 months for patients in progression and 5.66 ± 1.96 months for BSC patients. OS of BR patients resulted longer then LAC patients (25.08 ± 3.53 months vs 19.42 ± 2.76 months) but there was no statistically significant difference. Use of drugs other than FFN or GEMPAC was related to disease progression and poor overall survival (p <0.05). Lymph node involvement and increased Ca 19.9 after NAT where related to an higher risk of death (5.28 and 4.7 times respectively, p < 0.05). Conclusions NAT represents a key point in the treatment of BR and LAC PDAC. Response and downstaging rate after neoadjuvant therapy are variable and do not always translate into resectability. There is an urgent need of new RCTs to clarify the role of various therapeutic options and to identify subgroups of patients with different biological and genetic characteristics of PDAC.
Updated results from GEST study: a randomized, three-arm phase III study for advanced pancreatic cancer; PURPOSE: The GEST study showed non‐inferiority of S‐1 but not superiority of gemcitabine plus S‐1 (GS) to gemcitabine alone for overall survival with the data by the cut‐off date of 31st July in 2010 for chemo‐naïve patients with advanced pancreatic cancer. We considered it important to determine whether S‐1 maintains non‐inferiority after a long‐term follow‐up in the GEST study and to obtain a firm positive conclusion. In addition, it may be an interesting challenge to explore the efficacious profile of GS in the long‐term follow‐up study. Using the data from the follow‐up period, background and efficacy in patients from Taiwan and Japan, as well as the rates of tumor shrinkage in locally advanced and metastatic patients (Waterfall plot) were also analyzed. METHODS: The results of the primary analysis were reconfirmed, and subset analysis of overall survival and progression‐free survival was performed based on the overall survival data updated by the cut‐off date of 31st July in 2011. RESULTS: The median follow‐up period was 29.8 months, and 795 deaths occurred (95.6%). The median overall survival was 8.8 months for gemcitabine, 9.7 months for S‐1 (hazard ratio [HR], 0.96; 97.5% confidence interval [CI], 0.79‐1.17), and 9.9 months for GS (HR 0.91; 97.5% CI 0.75‐1.11). In patients with performance status (PS) 0, the median overall survival was 9.8 months for gemcitabine, 10.9 months for S‐1, and 10.5 months for GS. In patients with PS 1, the median overall survival was 6.2 months for gemcitabine, 6.3 months for S‐1, and 9.6 months for GS. CONCLUSION: Our survey reconfirmed the non‐inferiority of S‐1 to gemcitabine and showed S‐1 can be used as one of the standard treatment options for advanced pancreatic cancer. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT00498225.
Preliminary safety data from a randomized multicenter phase Ib/II study of neoadjuvant chemoradiation therapy (CRT) alone or in combination with pembrolizumab in patients with resectable or borderline resectable pancreatic cancer; Background: Pancreatic cancer (PC) is a challenging target for immunotherapy.Tumor‐inflltrating lymphocytes (TILs) do not reach the PC cells in significant numbers due to the presence of stroma and a suppressive microenvironment. Neoadjuvant chemoradiation (CRT) can increase the presence of TILs in the PC microenvironment. We hypothesized that combination of CRT and pembrolizumab can lead to further increase in TILs and their activation. Methods: Patients with resectable or borderline resectable PC have been randomized 2:1 to the investigational treatment (Arm A) to receive pembrolizumab 200mg IV every 3 weeks on days 1, 22, and 43 during concurrent CRT with capecitabine (825 mg/m2 orally twice daily, Monday‐Friday, on days of radiation only) and radiation (50.4 Gy in 28 fractions over 28 days) or Arm B to receive only concurrent CRT with capecitabine. Restaging CT scan or MRI is performed at 4‐6 weeks after completion of neoadjuvant treatment, and patients with resectable disease will undergo surgical resection. Here we report the preliminary safety data based on 22 enrolled patients. Results: As of February 3‐2017,22 patients have been enrolled (14 Arm A and 8 Arm B). 50% of the patients had resectable disease (7 arm A; 4 arm B) and the other 50% had borderline resectable disease (7 Arm A; 4 arm B). Post‐neoadjuvant therapy, 6 patients had unresectable disease (3 on each arm), and 14 patients underwent surgery (10 arm A and 4 arm B). There were 7 grade 3 treatment‐related toxicities in Arm A (5 patients): 2 grade 3 diarrhea attributed to CRT; 4 grade 3 lymphopenias attributed to pembrolizumab, CRT or the combination; and one patient had elevated alkaline phosphatase probably related to the combination that met the definition of DLT and resolved after holding the treatment and receiving steroids. There was only one grade 3 toxicity on Arm B: lymphopenia attributed to CRT. No grade 4 toxicities have been reported on either arm. There were no major surgical complications reported within 30 days post‐surgery. Conclusions: The combination of CRT and pembrolizuamb is safe based on the presented data.
Phase II/III study of Gemcitabine and S-1 (GS therapy) as Neoadjuvant chemotherapy for resectable pancreatic cancer (Prep-02/JSAP-05); INTERVENTION: Neoadjuvant chemotherapy with gemcitabine and S‐1 followed by surgery and adjuvant with 4 course of oral S‐1 (Test arm). Surgery and adjuvant with 4 course of oral S‐1 (Control arm). CONDITION: Resectable pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: Phase II: Resection rate; Phase III: Overall survival SECONDARY OUTCOME: Phase II: Adverse events; Phase III: Adverse events, Resection rate, Residual tumor, Nodal involvement rate, Histological response, Relapse‐free survival, Tumor marker kinetics, Dose intensity, Patterns of Recurrence, Radiological tumor response INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1) invasive ductal carcinoma of the pancreas 2) no distant metastasis 3) R0/1 resectable 4) all adult who anticipate to undergo pancreatectomy 5) no prior therapy 6) written informed consent 6) ECOG performance status of 0 or 1 7) Adequate organ function 8) Written informed consent
LBA83 Neoadjuvant chemotherapy with FOLFIRINOX versus neoadjuvant gemcitabine-based chemoradiotherapy for borderline resectable and resectable pancreatic cancer (PREOPANC-2): a multicenter randomized controlled trial; Background: The PREOPANC trial demonstrated an overall survival (OS) benefit of neoadjuvant gemcitabine‐based chemoradiotherapy compared with upfront surgery in patients with borderline resectable and resectable pancreatic cancer (PDAC). FOLFIRINOX may further improve OS in the neoadjuvant setting. Methods: This multicenter, phase 3, randomized trial included patients with borderline resectable and resectable PDAC from 19 Dutch centers. Patients received FOLFIRINOX every 14 days for 8 cycles followed by surgery without adjuvant treatment (FFX arm) versus 3 cycles of neoadjuvant gemcitabine with hypofractionated radiotherapy (36 Gy in 15 fractions during the second cycle), followed by surgery and 4 cycles of adjuvant gemcitabine (CRT arm). Randomization was stratified by center and resectability status. Primary endpoint was OS. Secondary endpoints included resection rate and serious adverse event (SAE) rate. To demonstrate a hazard ratio (HR) of 0.70 with two‐sided α = 0.05 and 80% power, 368 patients (252 events) were needed. HR and 95% CI were estimated using a stratified Cox model. Results: Between June 2018 and January 2021, 375 patients were randomized to the FFX arm (n=188) or the CRT arm (n=187). Six patients (3 per arm) were excluded because of ineligibility (n=4) or withdrawal of informed consent immediately after randomization (n=2). After a median follow‐up of 41.7 months with 254 events, median OS was 21.9 months in the FFX arm and 21.3 months in the CRT arm (HR 0.87; 95% CI 0.68‐1.12, p=0.28). Resection rates were 77% in the FFX arm and 75% in the CRT arm (p=0.69). SAE rates were 49% in the FFX arm and 43% in the CRT arm (p=0.26). Conclusions: Neoadjuvant chemotherapy with FOLFIRINOX did not improve OS compared with neoadjuvant gemcitabine‐based chemoradiotherapy in patients with borderline resectable and resectable PDAC. Clinical trial identification: EudraCT 2017‐002036‐17. Legal entity responsible for the study: Erasmus MC University Medical Center. Funding: Dutch Cancer Society and ZonMw. Disclosure: All authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
SBRT vs conventionally fractionated radiochemotherapy for pancreatic cancer: a case-control study; Purpose or Objective Conventionally fractionated external beam radiotherapy + chemotherapy (RCT) or chemotherapy (CHT) alone are both well‐established options for locally advanced pancreatic cancer (LAPC), while Stereotactic body radiotherapy (SBRT) is an emerging option for LAPC. Aim of this multicentric case‐control study is to compare two cohorts of LAPC patients treated with RCT +/‐ CHT or SBRT +/‐ CHT in terms of overall survival (OS), local control (LC), distant metastases‐free survival (DMFS), disease‐free survival (DFS), and toxicity. Material and Methods Eighty patients were included. Patients in the two cohorts were matched according to: age </≥ 65years; tumor diameter < 3.0 cm, ≥ 3.0 cm and ≤ 3.9 cm, > 3.9 cm; cT; cN; neoadjuvant or adjuvant CHT. Median prescribed total dose was 30.0 Gy (range: 18.0‐37.5) and 54.0 Gy (18.0‐63.0) for SBRT and RCT cohort, respectively. Toxicity was evaluated by CTCAE v4.0 scale. Survival curves were assessed by Kaplan‐Meier method. For hypothesis testing, an equivalence and a non‐inferiority test was calculated. Results At univariate analysis no statistically, significant differences based on the matching criteria and acute and late toxicities, were recorded. No statistically significant differences were recorded even in terms of OS, DFS, and DMFS between the two cohorts. Median, 1‐, and 2‐year LC were: 16.0 months, 53.1%, 40.5% and 22.0 months, 80.4%, 49.8% (p= 0.017), for RCT cohort and SBRT cohort, respectively. A statistically non inferiority significance in terms of OS between RCT and SBRT was recorded (95% CI: 2.24, p= 0.031). Conclusion Our analysis demonstrated that SBRT is comparable to RCT in terms of clinical outcomes and yet convenient for the patients due to its short duration. Therefore, our study seems to justify randomized studies to compare SBRT +/‐ CHT and RCT
The benefit of adjuvant chemotherapy following pancreaticoduodenectomy for pancreatic adenocarcinoma depends on response to neoadjuvant therapy; Presenter: Patrick McCarthy MD | Brooke Army Medical Center Background: Neoadjuvant therapy (NT) is increasingly offered to patients with pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) who may undergo resection. However, it remains unclear which patients who have received NT and surgical resection should receive additional adjuvant therapy (AT). We sought to determine which patients benefit from further AT following NT and pancreatectomy. Methods: The 2004‐2017 National Cancer Database was queried for patients with non‐metastatic PDAC who received NT followed by pancreaticoduodenectomy. Only patients with reported data regarding receipt of AT were included. Patients were categorized by their change from clinical to pathologic stage; if pathologic stage (T, N, or overall) was lower than their clinical stage, they were considered downstaged. We then classified patients as to whether they had nodal down‐staging specifically, or any downstaging (T, N, or overall). Propensity score weighting according to demographics, treatment location, tumor stage, grade, location, and readmission rate was used with generalized boosted models to adjust for pretreatment covariate imbalance between the treatment groups. Weighted Kaplan‐Meir method was used to estimate the cumulative survival with weighted log‐rank test to compare the staging groups. Results: A total of 2,901 patients were identified, of which 1,102 (38.0%) patients received AT and 1,799 (62.0%) did not receive AT. On final pathology, 1,427 patients (49.1%) were pathologically node negative and 125 patients (4.3%) had a pathologic complete response. With regard to downstaging, 312 patients (10.8%) achieved nodal downstaging and 822 (28.3%) patients achieved any downstaging. In all patients that received NT, the group that received AT had a significantly improved overall survival (OS) (p=0.002). When stratified by final nodal status, patients receiving AT had improved survival amongst node positive patients (p=0.002), and node negative patients (p=0.012). For patients without downstaging, those who received AT had improved OS (nodal down‐staging: p=0.002; any downstaging: p<0.001, respectively). In patients with downstaging after NT, however, those receiving AT did not have improved survival with nodal downstaging (p=0.128) or any downstaging (p=0.323). Conclusion: Response to NT appears to determine benefit attained from the addition of AT following pancreaticoduodenectomy for PDAC; patients who have a favorable response to NT may not benefit from additional chemotherapy. Future trials should examine the relationship between tumor regression after NT and benefit from AT, including regimens identical to and different from the patient’s NT regimen. Additionally, this analysis calls for future randomized trials examining the benefit of AT in patients who have had significant response to NT. [Formula presented]
Initial treatment and survival in a national unselected Danish cohort of 4161 patients with pancreatic cancer; Background: Nationwide data on the effect of primary treatment on median overall survival (mOS) in an entire unselected population of patients (pts) with pancreatic cancer (PC) have not been reported before. The aim of the present study was to investigate the effect of initial treatment on mOS in all incident pts with PC in Denmark in a recent five‐year period (2011 to 2016). Methods: From 1 May 2011 to 30 April 2016, 4260 pts diagnosed with PC were identified in the national Danish Pancreatic Cancer Database. Last follow up was 10 September 2017. Excluded were 99 pts (2%), 56 due to combined preoperative chemotherapy followed by resection, 22 due to other malignancies, 13 due to incorrect registration of treatment, 6 pts treated with unknown chemotherapy and 2 were lost to follow up, leaving 4161 pts included. The mOS was analysed from the date of the initial treatment, either resection or chemotherapy or from the date of diagnosis in case of best supportive care (BSC). Results: Initial treatment and mOS for all 4161 pts. (Table Presented) Conclusions: The initial resected lymph node negative pts had the longest survival; double that of lymph node positive pts. Pts initially treated with chemotherapy had slightly shorter mOS than found in randomized trials, reflecting patient characteristics in an unselected population. The outcome of gemcitabine monotherapy was poor, possibly reflecting less treatment effect and selection of less fit pts. The BSC group was larger than expected and further investigations, particularly in early diagnosis of PC are of utmost importance.
Adjuvant therapy for pancreatic cancer to treat or not to treat?; Despite attempted curative resection of localized adenocarcinoma of the pancreas, most patients experience a recurrence and die of their disease. The Gastrointestinal Tumor Study Group, European Organisation for Research and Treatment of Cancer, and European Study Group for Pancreatic Cancer trials have suggested the benefit of adjuvant therapy. However, the relatively few randomized trials available have not established a definite standard of care due to study limitations. Although these trials, and the recently published Charite Onkologie (CONKO)‐001 trial, have shown a definite advantage of adjuvant chemotherapy, the most effective chemotherapy and the role of radiation therapy remain unclear. This review will discuss the data available from reported trials of adjuvant and neoadjuvant therapy in pancreatic cancer, address the issues leading to the ongoing controversies, and consider future directions for clinical trials.
Surgical Complications after Preoperative Chemoradiotherapy in Patients with Resectable and Borderline Resectable Pancreatic Cancer in a Multicentre, Randomised Controlled Clinical Trial (PREOPANC-1); Background: Preoperative chemoradiotherapy is increasingly being used in patients with (borderline‐)resectable pancreatic cancer. However, randomised studies investigating the effect of preoperative therapy on the surgical complication rate after pancreatic resection are lacking. Objectives: To investigate the effect of preoperative chemoradiotherapy on surgical complications in patients after pancreatic resection for (borderline‐)resectable pancreatic cancer. Methods: In this prospective, multicentre, randomised controlled trial, patients with (borderline‐)resectable pancreatic cancer were randomly assigned (1:1) to upfront surgery, followed by adjuvant therapy or to preoperative chemoradiotherapy followed by surgery and adjuvant chemotherapy. The endpoints of our study were the rate of postoperative pancreatic fistula (POPF), post pancreatectomy haemorrhage (PPH), delayed gastric emptying (DGE), bile leakage, intra‐abdominal infections, major complications and mortality. Results: This study included 218 patients, of which 84 underwent curative resection in the upfront surgery group (75%) and 60 in the preoperative therapy group (57.1%). There was a higher incidence of POPF in the group who underwent upfront surgery compared to preoperative chemoradiotherapy (10.7% vs. 0%, p = 0.011). The incidence of PPH did not differ significantly between the two treatment groups (7.6% vs. 10.7%, p=0.553, respectively), but a different etiology was observed. The upfront surgery group included five (6.0%) patients with late extra‐luminal PPH, compared to zero in the preoperative chemoradiotherapy group (p=0.076). No significant differences were found regarding other surgical complications. Conclusion: Preoperative chemoradiotherapy does not increase the incidence of surgical complications or mortality. In contrast, it was associated with a reduced POPF rate.
Randomized phase 2 trial of peri-or post-operative chemotherapy in resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma; Background: Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) has a remarkable trend to metastasize early. Accordingly, there is a strong rational to investigate preoperative chemotherapy in patients with resectable disease. We conducted a multicenter randomized phase 2 trial (PACT‐15; NCT01150630) to assess the role of combination chemotherapy in perioperative setting. Methods: Treatment‐naïve patients with 18‐75 yr, KPS>60 pathologically confirmed stage 1‐2 resectable PDAC were randomized to surgery followed by 6 cycles of adjuvant gemcitabine 1000 mg/m21,8,15q4w (arm A), or PEXG (cisplatin 30 mg/m2, epirubicin 30 mg/m2, and gemcitabine 800 mg/m2 1,15q4w and capecitabine 1250 mg/m2/day 1‐ 28) (arm B), or to 3 cycles of PEXG before and 3 after surgery (arm C). The primary endpoint was 1 year event‐free survival (EFS); the secondary endpoints were EFS, overall survival (OS), and the difference in pathological findings between arm A+B and arm C. With 24 eligible patients in each group (H0 20%; H1 40%; a 10%; b 20%) ≤16 events of 24 would support further evaluation of experimental therapy. Results: Between September 2010 and April 2015, 88 eligible patients were randomized in 9 Italian centers (arm A: 26, B: 30, C: 32). Basal patients and tumor characteristics are reported in the first table. Failure was observed (A/B/C) in 22/23/21 patients; 1‐year EFS was 6/26 (23%); 15/30 (50%); 21/32 (66%). Median EFS was 4.9; 12.4; 18.9 months (A vs C p=0.002). 19/22/18 (A/B/C) patients died; 3‐year OS was 35%/42%/55%. Median OS was 20.5, 25.1, not reached at 33 months (A vs C p=0.022). Pathological results are summarized in the second table. Main G3‐4 toxicity (A/B/C) was: neutrophils 23/38/54%; fatigue 4/7/6%; anemia 0/10/21%; vomiting 0/0/6%. Conclusions: Patients receiving perioperative chemotherapy had significant improvement of EFS and OS as compared to those receiving adjuvant treatment. This trial provides the strongest piece of evidence currently available in favor of preoperative chemotherapy in resectable PDAC. (Table Presented).
Randomized phase 2 trial of peri-or post-operative chemotherapy in resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma; Background: Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) has a remarkable trend to metastasize early. Accordingly, there is a strong rational to investigate preoperative chemotherapy in patients with resectable disease. We conducted a multicenter randomized phase 2 trial (PACT‐15; NCT01150630) to assess the role of combination chemotherapy in perioperative setting. Methods: Treatment‐naïve patients with 18‐75 yr, KPS>60 and pathologically confirmed stage 1‐2 resectable PDAC were randomized to surgery followed by 6 cycles of adjuvant gemcitabine 1000 mg/m21,8,15q4w (arm A), or PEXG (cisplatin 30 mg/m2, epirubicin 30 mg/m2, and gemcitabine 800 mg/m2 1,15q4w and capecitabine 1250 mg/ m2/day 1‐28) (arm B), or to 3 cycles of PEXG before and 3 after surgery (arm C). The primary endpoint was 1‐year event‐free survival (EFS); the secondary endpoints were EFS, overall survival (OS), and the difference in pathological findings between arm A+B and arm C. With 24 eligible patients in each group (H0 20%, H1 40%, α 10%, β 20%), ≤16 events of 24 would support further evaluation of experimental therapy. Results: Between September 2010 and April 2015, 88 eligible patients were randomized in 9 Italian centers (arm A: 26, B: 30, C: 32). Basal patients and tumor characteristics were well balanced across arms. One‐year EFS (A, B, C) was 6/26 (23%), 15/30 (50%), 23/32 (72%). Median EFS was 4.8, 12.4, 18.9 months (A vs C p=0.002). Three‐yearOS (A,B,C) was 35%, 42%, 55%. Median OS (A,B,C) was 20.4, 25.1, not reached at 33 months (A vs C p=0.022). Pathological results are summarized in the table. Treatment safety profile was good. (Table presented) Conclusions: Patients receiving perioperative chemotherapy had significant improvement of EFS and OS as compared to those receiving adjuvant treatment. This trial provides the strongest piece of evidence currently available in favor of preoperative chemotherapy in resectable PDAC.
Apact: a phase III trial of nab-paclitaxel (nab-P) plus gemcitabine (gem) vs gem alone as adjuvant therapy for patients (pts) with resected pancreatic cancer (PC); Abstract: Purpose: The APACT (Adjuvant Pancreatic Adenocarcinoma Clinical Trial) trial will evaluate the disease‐free survival (DFS), overall survival (OS), and safety of nab‐P + Gem vs Gem alone in the adjuvant setting. Methods: ≈ 800 pts with histologically confirmed pancreatic adenocarcinoma who undergo macroscopic complete resection (R0 or R1), with no evidence of metastasis, will be randomized 1:1 to receive 6 cycles of either nab‐P 125 mg/m2 + Gem 1000 mg/m2 or Gem alone 1000 mg/m2 on days 1, 8, and 15 of each 28‐day cycle. Other eligibility criteria: staging T1‐3, N0‐1, M0; ECOG PS 0 or 1; acceptable hematologic function; < 100 U/mL prior to randomization; and no prior neoadjuvant therapy or radiation for PC. Pts with neuroendocrine tumors, any other malignancy ≤ 5 years of randomization, HIV infection, or hepatitis B/C infection are ineligible. The primary endpoint is independently assessed DFS; secondary endpoints are OS and safety. Quality of life will be assessed. At least 489 DFS events from the planned enrollment of 800 pts will allow 90% power to detect an HR for DFS of 0.74 at a 2‐sided significance level of 0.05. Pt enrollment is ongoing.
Impact of Diabetes and Insulin Use on Prognosis in Patients With Resected Pancreatic Cancer: an Ancillary Analysis of NRG Oncology RTOG 9704; PURPOSE: Diabetes mellitus (DM) has been proposed to be tumorigenic; however, prior studies of the association between DM and survival are conflicting. The goal of this ancillary analysis of RTOG 9704, a randomized controlled trial of adjuvant chemotherapy in pancreatic cancer, was to determine the prognostic effects of DM and insulin use on survival. METHODS AND MATERIALS: Eligible patients from RTOG 9704 with available data on DM and insulin use were included. Overall survival (OS) and disease‐free survival (DFS) were estimated using the Kaplan‐Meier method, and variable levels were compared using log‐rank test. Cox proportional hazards models were created to assess the associations among DM, insulin use, and body mass index phenotypes on outcomes. RESULTS: Of 538 patients enrolled from 1998 to 2002, 238 patients were eligible with analyzable DM and insulin use data. Overall 34% of patients had DM and 66% did not. Of patients with DM, 64% had insulin‐dependent DM, and 36% had non‐insulin‐dependent DM. On univariable analysis, neither DM nor insulin dependence were associated with OS or DFS (P > .05 for all). On multivariable analysis, neither DM, insulin use, nor body mass index were independently associated with OS or DFS. Nonwhite race (hazard ratio [HR], 2.18; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.35‐3.50; P = .0014), nodal involvement (HR, 1.74; 95% CI, 1.24‐2.45; P = .0015), and carbohydrate antigen 19‐9 (CA19‐9) ≥90 U/mL (HR, 3.61; 95% CI, 2.32‐5.63; P < .001) were associated with decreased OS. Nonwhite race (HR, 1.67; 95% CI, 1.05‐2.63; P = .029) and CA19‐9 ≥90 U/mL (HR, 2.86; 95% CI, 1.85‐4.40; P < .001) were associated with decreased DFS. CONCLUSIONS: DM and insulin use were not associated with OS or DFS in patients with pancreatic cancer in this study. Race, nodal involvement, and increased CA19‐9 were significant predictors of outcomes. These data might apply to the more modern use of neoadjuvant therapies for potentially resectable pancreatic cancer.
The (cost)effectiveness of preoperative chemotherapy versus preoperative gemcitabine based chemoradiotherapy and adjuvant gemcitabine in patients with pancreatic cancer; INTERVENTION: Trade Name: LEUCOVORIN CALCIUM Product Name: Leucovorin calcium Pharmaceutical Form: Powder for solution for injection/infusion INN or Proposed INN: Calcium folinate CAS Number: 1492‐18‐8 Current Sponsor code: leucovorin Other descriptive name: FOLINIC ACID Concentration unit: mg/ml milligram(s)/millilitre Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 400‐ Trade Name: Fluorouracil Product Name: Fluorouracil Pharmaceutical Form: Solution for infusion INN or Proposed INN: Fluorouracil CAS Number: 51‐21‐8 Current Sponsor code: 5‐FU Other descriptive name: FLUOROURACIL Concentration unit: mg/ml milligram(s)/millilitre Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50‐ Trade Name: Irinotecan Product Name: Irinotecan Pharmaceutical Form: Concentrate for solution for infusion INN or Proposed INN: IRINOTECAN CAS Number: 97682‐44‐5 Current Sponsor code: Irinotecan Concentration unit: mg/ml milligram(s)/millilitre Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 180‐ Trade Name: Oxaliplatin Product Name: Oxaliplatin Pharmaceutical Form: Concentrate for solution for infusion INN or Proposed INN: OXALIPLATIN CAS Number: 61825‐94‐3 Current Sponsor code: Oxaliplatin Other descriptive name: Oxaliplatin Concentration unit: mg/m2 milligram(s)/square meter Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 85‐ CONDITION: (borderline) resectable pancreatic cancer ; MedDRA version: 21.0 Level: LLT Classification code 10033602 Term: Pancreatic adenocarcinoma resectable System Organ Class: 100000004864 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Cancer [C04] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To determine whether neoadjuvant FOLFIRINOX followed by surgery improves overall survival compared to neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy followed by surgery and adjuvant gemcitabine in patients with (borderline) resectable pancreatic cancer in an intention‐to‐treat setting. Primary end point(s): • Overall survival (OS), defined as the period of time between randomization and death from any cause. Patients alive at last follow‐up are censored. Secondary Objective: To compare between the study arms:; • Chemotherapy rate; • Chemotherapy completion rate; • Staging laparoscopy rate; • Laparoscopy yield; • Exploratory laparotomy rate; • Resection rate; • R0 resection rate; • Progression‐free survival (PFS); • Locoregional failure free interval (LFFI); • Distant metastases free interval (DMFI); • Postoperative complications; • Toxicity; • Quality of life years (QALYs) ; • Indirect and direct medical and nonmedical costs ; • Incremental cost‐effectiveness ratio (ICER) ; • Predictive value of biomarkers in serum and resected tumors.; • Disease free survival (DFS); • Locoregional recurrence free interval (LRFI); • Clinical response rate ; • Serum Cancer Antigen 19‐9 (CA 19.9) and Carcino‐Embryonal‐Antigen (CEA) response; • Pathologic response Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: end of study INCLUSION CRITERIA: • Histologically or cytologically confirmed pancreatic cancer (i.e. pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma) • (Borderline) resectable tumor without metastatic disease* (see table 1 for definitions of resectability) • WHO performance status 0 or 1 • Ability to undergo surgery, chemoradiotherapy and chemotherapy** • Leucocytes (WBC) = 3.0 X 109/l • Platelets = 100X 109 /l • Hemoglobin = 6 mmol/l • Renal function: E‐GFR = 50 ml/min • Age = 18 years • Written informed consent Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range 300 F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) yes F.1.3.1 Number of subjects for this age range 68 SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): • Chemotherapy rate, defined as the percentage of eligible randomized patients who received at least one cycle of chemotherapy.; • Chemotherapy completion rate, defined as the percentage of eligible randomized patients who completed all cycles of scheduled chemotherapy.; • Exploratory laparotomy rate, defined as the percentage of eligible randomized patients who actually underwent an exploratory laparotomy, regardless whether a resection was performed.; • Resection rate, defined as the percentage of eligible randomized patients that underwent a curative‐intent resection.; • R0 resection rate, defined as the percentage of eligible randomized patients that underwent a microscopically complete (R0) resection. The resection is considered R0 if the inked margin is more than 1 mm away from tumor cells.; • Progression‐free survival, defined as survival without locoregional progressive disease , the occurence of distant metastases, the occurence of second or recurrent pancreatic cancer from the date of randomization. Death from any cause is also considered an event for this endpoint.; • Locoregional failure free interval (LFFI), defined as the period of time without locoregional failure after randomization. A locoregional failure is any progressive or recurrent pancreatic cancer in the original tumor location, or the N1 lymph node areas, or the occurrence of second pancreatic cancer. ; • Distant metastases free interval (DMFI), defined as the period of time without distant metastases after randomization.; • Postoperative complications, defined according to the Clavien‐Dindo classification and definitions of post‐pancreatic surgery complications (pancreatic fistula, delayed gastric emptying, and bleeding) by the International Study Group on Pancreatic Surgery.; • Toxicity, gastro‐intestinal and hematologic, according to CTCAE version 4.0.3, until 90 days after the last dose of chemotherapy.; • Quality of life years (QALYs) from randomization until last follow‐up.; • Indirect and direct medical and nonmedical costs.; • Incremental cost‐effectiveness ratio (ICER). Is calculated as the ratio between the difference in QALYs and the difference in total costs per patient.; • Predictive value of biomarkers in serum and resected tumors.; • Disease free survival (DFS), defined as the period of time between randomization and locoregional recurrence, occurrence of distant metastases or second pancreatic cancer, or death (all causes).; • Locoregional recurrence free interval (LRFI), defined as the period of time without locoregional recurrence after randomization. A locoregional failure is any persistent or recurrent pancreatic cancer in the original tumor location, or the N1 lymph node areas.; • Clinical response rate defined according to RECIST criteria (version 1.1) comparing pre‐randomization and restaging imaging after preoperative chemoradiotherapy and after 4 and 8 cycles of FOLFIRINOX.; • Serum CA 19‐9 and CEA response, defined as the change in CA 19‐9 and CEA after preoperative chemoradiotherapy and after 4 and 8 cycles of FOLFIRINOX compared to baseline.; • Pathologic response, 3‐tier histologic tumor regression grading (HTRG) scheme proposed by the College of American Pathologists; HTRG 0, no viable tumor; HTRG 1, <5% viable tumor cells; HTRG 2, =5% viable tumor cells. ; ; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: end of study
A randomized, open-label, phase I/II trial of gemcitabine plus nab-paclitaxel with or without FG-3019 as neoadjuvant chemotherapy in locally advanced, unresectable pancreatic cancer; Background: Only 15% of patients with pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) are eligible for resection. Patients with locally advanced PDAC may become candidates for surgery following donwstaging with neoadjuvant therapy. PDAC often exhibits a high degree of desmoplasia, characterized by extensive connective tissue stroma. FG‐3019 is a recombinant human monoclonal antibody that binds to connective tissue growth factor and significantly reduces tumor growth, neovascularization, and metastases in mouse models of PDAC. Therefore, FG‐3019 may change the fibrotic character of PDAC to one more amenable to resection. In a phase I trial of stage III/IV patients, FG‐3019 did not add toxicity when combined with gemcitabine and erlotinib. Methods: Phase 1/2, randomized, open‐label trial to evaluate safety and tolerability of gemcitabine plus Nab‐paclitaxel with FG‐3019 or gemcitabine plus Nab‐paclitaxel in subjects with locally advanced, unresectable PDAC (clinicaltrials.gov #NCT02210559 ). Primary endpoint is treatment‐related adverse events. Secondary endpoints include R0 resection rate, surgical complications, tumor response, and survival. Patients with biopsy‐proven PDAC are included following radiographic and laparoscopic confirmation of irresectability and no metastases. Sample size of 40 is based on clinical judgment for initial exploration of safety, tolerability, and treatment effect. Each cycle is 28 days and subjects receive up to six cycles of treatment. Those who complete treatment undergo resection based on the following criteria: reduction in CA 19‐9 level by more than 50%, FDG‐PET SUVmax decrease by >30%, or radiological tumor response per RECIST to meet the definition of resectable or borderline resectable. Safety will be assessed through adverse event monitoring, clinical laboratory testing, ECG, ECOG performance status, vital signs, and physical exam until 28 days after the last FG‐3019 infusion. All resected subjects will be followed for 30 days after discharge and undergo safety assessment per standard of care. Since the trial opened in 8/2014, we have enrolled 1/40 patients.
NEOadjuvant Gemcitabine/Oxaliplatin Plus Adjuvant Gemcitabine in Resectable PAncreatic Cancer; The aim of this study is to test the additional value of neoadjuvant chemotherapy to the standard treatment for resectable pancreatic cancer (surgery + adjuvant chemotherapy). This study will be performed in compliance with the study protocol, GCP (good clinical practice) and the applicable regulatory requirements.
Adjuvant gemcitabine versus NEOadjuvant gemcitabine/oxaliplatin plus adjuvant gemcitabine in resectable pancreatic cancer: a randomized multicenter phase III study (NEOPAC study); BACKGROUND: Despite major improvements in the perioperative outcome of pancreas surgery, the prognosis of pancreatic cancer after curative resection remains poor. Adjuvant chemotherapy increases disease‐free and overall survival, but this treatment cannot be offered to a significant proportion of patients due to the surgical morbidity. In contrast, almost all patients can receive (neo)adjuvant chemotherapy before surgery. This treatment is safe and effective, and has resulted in a median survival of 26.5 months in a recent phase II trial. Moreover, neoadjuvant chemotherapy improves the nutritional status of patients with pancreatic cancer. This multicenter phase III trial (NEOPAC) has been designed to explore the efficacy of neoadjuvant chemotherapy. METHODS/DESIGN: This is a prospective randomized phase III trial. Patients with resectable cytologically proven adenocarcinoma of the pancreatic head are eligible for this study. All patients must be at least 18 years old and must provide written informed consent. An infiltration of the superior mesenteric vein > 180° or major visceral arteries are considered exclusion criteria. Eligible patients will be randomized to surgery followed by adjuvant gemcitabine (1000 mg/m(2)) for 6 months or neoadjuvant chemotherapy (gemcitabine 1000 mg/m(2), oxaliplatin 100 mg/m(2)) followed by surgery and the same adjuvant treatment. Neoadjuvant chemotherapy is given four times every two weeks. The staging as well as the restaging protocol after neoadjuvant chemotherapy include computed tomography of chest and abdomen and diagnostic laparoscopy. The primary study endpoint is progression‐free survival. According to the sample size calculation, 155 patients need to be randomized to each treatment arm. Disease recurrence will be documented by scheduled computed tomography scans 9, 12, 15, 21 and thereafter every 6 months until disease progression. For quality control, circumferential resection margins are marked intraoperatively, and representative histological sections will be centrally reviewed by a dedicated pathologist. DISCUSSION: The NEOPAC study will determine the efficacy of neoadjuvant chemotherapy in pancreatic cancer for the first time and offers a unique potential for translational research. Furthermore, this trial will provide the unbiased overall survival of all patients undergoing surgery for resectable cancer of the pancreatic head. TRIAL REGISTRATION: clinicalTrials.gov NCT01314027.
Comparison of neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy for resectable and borderline resectable periampullary carcinoma with upfront surgery: a prospective randomised study; Introduction: Quest to improve survival in periampullary carcinoma has lead to multimodality treatment of the disease with neoadjuvant chemotherapy with or without radiotherapy. Materials and Methods: The present study is an ongoing prospective randomized study from July 2015 to June 2018. Patients with resectable or borderline resectable periampullary carcinoma were randomized into two groups: Group 1 (neoadjuvant chemo‐radiotherapy (NACRT) followed by surgery) and Group 2 (upfront surgery). Outcomes in terms of resectability, R0 resection rate, intraoperative difficulty, blood loss and post‐operative complications were studied. Issues related to delivery of NACRT were also analysed. We also compared percentage of patients completing all the 3 arms of treatment in the Group 1. (Chemotherapy, radiotherapy and surgery) Results: 47 patients met the inclusion criteria. Mean age was 57®14 years. 31/47(66%) were male. 24/47 (51%)patients had carcinoma head of pancreas, 20/47(42%) had distal cholangiocarcinoma and 3 (6.4%) had duodenal carcinoma on histopathology. Most common presenting feature was jaundice (35/ 47). Mean CA 19‐9 value was 602®1183 IU/mL. After randomization, Group 1 had 23 patients and Group 2 had 24 patients. In Group 1, 16/23 were started NACRT of which 14 completed NACRT (6 have been operated, one patient expired due to hypoglycemic attack, and one patient is waiting for reassessment, one patient lost to follow up while 5 progressed to metastatic disease). Two patients are receiving NACRT. 13/16 have been reassessed. On reassessment, 6 patients showed response, 7 patients showed progressive disease. Seven patients could not complete NACRT (6 patients lost to follow up and 1 expired due to cholangitis). Grade I, II and III chemotherapy related toxicity was seen in 10%, 1% and 2% of patients respectively. Group 2:‐24 patients (SURGERY ALONE).23/24 underwent surgery. In 21/24 patients, R0 margins were achieved,2 had metastatic disease and 1 is ready for surgery. Conclusion: In NACRT group, patients spent nearly 6 months from day of diagnosis to surgery as compared to upfront surgery group who spent around 34 days. 7/23 patients could not complete NACRT due to loss to follow up. Only 6/28 patients underwent resection in NACRT group while 23/24 were operated in the other group. Disease progression was seen in 7/13 while rest of the 6 patients showed tumor response with one complete pathological response. There was no postoperative pancreatic fistula, intraabdominal collection and chyle leak while POHS, blood loss and surgical site infection were less in patients receiving NACRT. Operative mortality was zero. (Figure Presented).
Surgical resection after preoperative chemoradiotherapy benefits selected patients with unresectable pancreatic cancer; Simultaneous chemoradiation is used in unresectable pancreatic cancer for palliation. It is not known if the use of adjuvant surgery will benefit this group of patients. From November 1991 to September 1998, 47 patients with unresectable pancreatic cancer were treated with simultaneous preoperative radiation therapy (45 Gy) and chemotherapy. Chemotherapy followed three different protocols: cisplatin, 5‐fluorouracil +/‐ paclitaxel; cisplatin, 5‐fluorouracil (protracted infusion); and docetaxel and gemcitabine. Whipple pancreatoduodenectomy was performed 1 month after the end of radiation in patients selected for resection. Twenty‐three unresectable tumors after preoperative treatment (47%) received an additional dose (10‐12 Gy) of radiotherapy using intraoperative or external radiation therapy. Twelve patients (26%) were considered to have clinically resectable tumors after the preoperative treatment. Nine patients had surgery (19% of the total number of patients), and 2 of them had complete pathologic response. After chemoradiation, two patients died of pneumonia and gastrointestinal bleeding, respectively, and another two patients died in the postoperative period. Local recurrence was observed in 22% of the patients and 57% had distant metastases. Three‐year survival rates for patients with unresectable and resectable tumors was 0% (median survival 10 months) and 48% (median survival 23 months), respectively (p = 0.0004). Preoperative treatment with chemotherapy and radiotherapy in patients with unresectable pancreatic cancer is feasible. In some patients, the tumor can be resected, and in addition some cases of complete pathologic response were found. Long‐term survivors were observed in the group of resected tumors. More effective chemotherapy regimens are needed because the majority of the patients died of metastatic disease.
Feasibility and efficacy of gemcitabine plus albumin-bound paclitaxel combination therapy (GEM+nabPTX therapy) in patients with borderline resectable pancreatic cancer in the neoadjvant setting; INTERVENTION: Neoadjuvant chemotherapy with GEM+nabPTX therapy followed by surgery CONDITION: Borderline resectable pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: R0 resection rate INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1) invasive ductal carcinoma of the pancreas 2) no distant metastasis 3) R0/1 resectable 4) borderline resectable Pancreatic cancer 5) all adult who anticipate to undergo pancreatectomy 6) no prior therapy 7) ECOG performance status of 0 or 1 8) adequate organ function 9) oral intake is possible 10) written informed consent
Prospective Randomized Multicenter Phase II Trial to Investigate Intensified Neoadjuvant Chemotherapy in Locally Advanced Pancreatic Cancer; INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Abraxane Pharmaceutical Form: Powder for solution for infusion INN or Proposed INN: PACLITAXEL CAS Number: 33069‐62‐4 Current Sponsor code: nab‐Paclitaxel Concentration unit: mg/ml milligram(s)/millilitre Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 5‐ Pharmaceutical Form: Powder for concentrate for solution for infusion INN or Proposed INN: GEMCITABINE CAS Number: 95058‐81‐4 Current Sponsor code: Gemcitabin Concentration unit: mg/ml milligram(s)/millilitre Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 38‐ Pharmaceutical Form: Concentrate for solution for infusion INN or Proposed INN: IRINOTECAN CAS Number: 97682‐44‐5 Current Sponsor code: Irinotecan Concentration unit: mg/ml milligram(s)/millilitre Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 17.33‐ Pharmaceutical Form: Concentrate for solution for infusion INN or Proposed INN: OXALIPLATIN CAS Number: 61825‐94‐3 Current Sponsor code: Oxaliplatin Concentration unit: mg/ml milligram(s)/millilitre Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 5‐ Pharmaceutical Form: Solution for infusion INN or Proposed INN: Folinic acid Current Sponsor code: Folinic acid Other descriptive name: FOLINIC ACID Concentration unit: mg/ml milligram(s)/millilitre Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 10‐ Pharmaceutical Form: Solution for injection INN or Proposed INN: Fluorouracil Current Sponsor code: Fluorouracil Other descriptive name: 5‐FLOUROURACIL Concentration unit: mg/ml milligram(s)/millilitre Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50‐ CONDITION: Locally advanced pancreatic cancer ; MedDRA version: 20.0 Level: LLT Classification code 10033604 Term: Pancreatic cancer System Organ Class: 100000004864 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Cancer [C04] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To compare the effect of intensified neoadjuvant chemotherapy on conversion rate to resetcability in LAPC. Primary end point(s): Primary endpoint is the rate of patients who undergo pancreatic resection in curative intention due to the evaluation during exploratory laparotomy after intensified neoadjuvant chemotherapy. Secondary Objective: • To evaluate safety and tolerability of intensified neoadjuvant; chemotherapy; • To assess objective tumour response rate (ORR) to intensified; neoadjuvant chemotherapy; • To assess disease control rate (DCR) after intensified neoadjuvant; chemotherapy; • To assess CA 19‐9 change during/after neoadjuvant chemotherapy; • To assess rate of R0 and R1 resections; • To assess rate of grade 3 + 4 pathological responses according to; grading scheme of treatment responses by Evans in resected patients; • To assess relapse‐free survival (RFS) and progression‐free survival; (PFS); • To assess 1 year‐ and 2 year‐survival rate, and overall survival; • To assess perioperative morbidity and mortality (within 60 days); • To compare conversion to resectability as evaluated by means of; imaging procedures with actual conversion to resectability during; exploratory laparotomy Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Pancreatic Resection SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): • ORR according to RECIST version 1.1 (complete response [CR] and partial response [PR]); after neoadjuvant chemotherapy; • DCR according to RECIST version 1.1 (CR + PR + stable disease [SD]) after neoadjuvant; chemotherapy; • CA 19‐9 change after neoadjuvant chemotherapy, compared to baseline level; level of; CA19‐9 after resection and adjuvant chemotherapy; • Rate of R0 ‐ and R1 resections; evaluation according to the circumferential resection; margin (CRM) concept31 as R0 wide, R0 narrow, R1; see Appendix 6; • Rate of grade 3 + 4 pathological responses according to grading scheme of treatment; responses by Evans in resected patients30 see Appendix 5; • RFS in resected patients; • PFS; • 1‐year‐ and 2‐year‐survival rate, overall survival; • Perioperative morbidity and mortality (within 60 days); • Conversion to resectability as evaluated by means of imaging procedures compared with; conversion to resectability as assessed during exploratory laparotomy Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: ‐ Pancreatic Resection; ‐ Last tumor staging after neoadjuvant chemotherapy before pankreatic resection; ‐ CA 19‐9 at the end of neoadjuvant chemotherapy before pankreatic resection and after pankreatic resection; ‐ OS at 1 and 2 years after start of therapy INCLUSION CRITERIA: ‐ Adult patients = 18 years and = 75 years of age ‐ Histologic or cytologic proven ductal adenocarcinoma of the pancreas (histologic confirmation of diagnosis is preferred) ‐ No distant metastases ‐ De novo, treatment‐nai¨ve unresectable or borderline resectable LAPC; evaluation of unresectable and borderline resectable status based on recommendations in NCCN‐ Clinical Practice Guidelines in Oncology “pancreatic adenocarcinoma” version 1.2015. Applicable criterion/criteria have to be indicated. ‐ Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status 0 or 1 ‐ Total bilirubin = 2 mg/dL. Patients with a biliary stent may be included provided that bilirubin level after stent insertion decreased to = 2 mg/dL and there is no cholangitis. ‐ Adequate renal, hepatic and bone marrow function ? Calculated creatinine clearance = 60 mL/min according to CKD‐EPI formula ? AST/GOT and/or ALT/GPT = 3.0 x ULN ? PTT = 1.
Neoadjuvant Chemoradiotherapy and Surgery Versus Surgery Alone in Resectable Pancreatic Cancer: a Single-Center Prospective, Randomized, Controlled Trial Which Failed to Achieve Accrual Targets; OBJECTIVE: The objective of the study is to evaluate the usefulness of neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy in resectable pancreatic cancer. METHODS: A single‐center RCT of patients affected by resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma which included arm A (surgery alone) and arm B (neoadjuvant chemoradiation and surgery). The primary endpoint was R0 resection; the secondary endpoints were toxicity; number of patients who completed the neoadjuvant therapy; radiological and pathological response after chemoradiation; and pTNM stage, postoperative morbidity, mortality, and overall and disease‐free survival. A sample size of 32 patients was required for each group. RESULTS: The study was terminated early, and 38 patients were randomized: 20 in arm A and 18 in arm B. There was no significant difference regarding R0 resection rate in the two groups (intention‐to‐treat, OR=1.91, P=0.489). Neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy was completed in 14 out of 18 cases (77.8 %) and the radiological and pathological response was efficacious in 72.3 and 90.9 % of cases, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Neoadjuvant chemoradiation was feasible, safe, and efficacious, although non‐significant results were obtained as a result of the underpowered data due to the difficulty in recruiting patients. Additional multicenter RCTs are needed in the future.
Surgical outcomes and rate of pathological response in resectable/borderline resectable pancreatic cancer patients undergoing neoadjuvant gemcitabine/nab-paclitaxel versus FOLFIRINOX: a retrospective institutional analysis; Background: Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) remains one of the most lethal solid tumors, predicted to become the second leading cause of cancer related death in some regions of the world. It often presents at an advanced stage, which contributes to poor fiveyear survival rates of 2%‐9%, ranking firmly last amongst all cancer sites in terms of prognostic outcomes for patients. Only about 20% of the cases are diagnosed early enough to undergo surgical resection leading to complete remission. While chemotherapy has an established role in the setting of metastatic disease, utilizing it in the neo‐adjuvant setting has been adopted by most institutes for resectable/ borderline resectable cases. Ongoing trials are exploring the use of different regimens in the neo‐adjuvant setting. The aim of our study was to identify patients with resectable/borderline resectable PDAC undergoing neoadjuvant chemotherapy and differences in surgical outcome based on the regimen received i.e gemcitabine/ nabPaclitaxel vs FOLFIRINOX. Methods: A retrospective review was conducted of all patients diagnosed with PDAC from 2017‐2019 at Allegheny General Hospital. Data analysis was completed using IBM SPSS v23. Summary statistics were presented using percentages for categorical variables and medians with interquartile ranges for continuous variables. Results: Out of 121 patients who received and completed treatment in our institution, 30 underwent neoadjuvant chemotherapy treatment followed by surgical intervention. 21 (70%) patients were found to be borderline resectable, 8 (27%) patients were resectable and 1 patient had locally advanced PDAC. 16 (53%) patients received FOLFIRINOX compared to 13 (43%) patients received gem/nab‐paclitaxel. Among patients who received neoadjuvant FOLFIRINOX, 5 out of 16 (31%) patients had moderate to significant treatment response at the time of surgery compared to 7 out of 13 (54%) patients who received gemcitabine/nabpaclitaxel. Conclusions: Our study revealed no significant difference (p=0.21) between the patients who received neoadjuvant gemcitabine/nab‐paclitaxel vs FOLFIRINOX in terms of treatment response assessed pathologically at the time surgical resection. We recognize the limitations of our study in terms of it being a retrospective analysis with a small sample size and therefore further prospective and randomized controlled trials are needed to determine the most suitable and effective regimen in the neoadjuvant setting for resectable/borderline resectable PDAC patients. Response to treatment among different chemotherapy groups. (Table Presented).
Nationwide Implementation of Best Practices in Pancreatic Cancer Care (PACAP-1): stepped-wedge Cluster Randomized Trial; Purpose: Implementation of new treatment strategies in cancer care is often inadequate and slow. We aimed to implement best practices in pancreatic cancer care using a nationwide stepped wedge design and assess the impact on overall survival. Methods: Nationwide multicenter stepped‐wedge cluster randomized controlled trial comparing implementation of best practices with usual care (May 22, 2018 – May 29, 2020). Best practices included adequate use of perioperative and palliative chemotherapy, pancreatic enzyme replacement therapy (PERT), and metal biliary stents. The 6‐week implementation period in all 17 Dutch pancreatic centers and their regional referral networks included monitoring, return visits, and provider feedback in combination with education and reminders. Primary outcome was one‐year overall survival for all disease stages and secondary outcomes included guideline compliance and quality of life. Results: Overall, 5580 patients diagnosed with pancreatic cancer were included; 2939 after implementation of best practices versus 2641 before. One‐year survival did not differ among the groups (HR 0.98, 95 CI 0.88‐1.08). Overall use of perioperative chemotherapy (neoadjuvant and adjuvant) did not significantly differ, but use of palliative chemotherapy significantly increased (23.9% to 30.3%, OR 1.38, 95 CI 1.10‐1.74). Also the use of PERT (34.2% to 45.2%, OR 1.64, 95 CI 1.28‐2.11); and metal biliary stents (74.1.% to 83.3%, OR 1.78, 95 CI 1.13‐2.08) significantly increased. The Global Health Score did not differ among groups (AUC 43.8 to 42.7, median difference ‐1.12, 95 CI ‐3.13‐0.80, n=655). Conclusions: This nationwide population‐based trial to enhance implementation of best practices in pancreatic cancer care showed successful implementation of most best practices, but no increase in one‐year survival and quality of life.
A Multicenter, Prospective Randomized Study comparing Fully Covered Metal Stent and Plastic Stent for Preoperative Biliary Drainage in Resectable Pancreatic Cancer; INTERVENTION: Fully covered metal stent cohort Plastic stent cohort CONDITION: Obstructive jaundice caused by resectable pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: Rate of re‐intervention related to stent during the time from drainage to surgical operation INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients are eligible for this Study if they meet all the criteria shown below. Patients who are over 20 years old Patients who are suspected to have a carcinoma of the head of the pancreas which is determined to be resectable from the image, and a resection is scheduled as of ERCP conduction timing. Patients who show obstructive jaundice caused by biliary stricture Patients with stricture occurring at middle or lower part of the biliary Patients for whom NO preoperative chemical radiation therapy is planned
Exploring the Impact of a Multi-modal Nutritional Intervention in Patients Undergoing Chemotherapy for Pancreatic Cancer (FEED Trial); This is a translational, single‐site, open‐label, randomised, prospective 12‐week study. 70 (35 in each arm) patients will be enrolled in the study; The study will examine if a multi‐modal nutritional care package, with or without resistance training delivered concurrently to neoadjuvant chemotherapy, is effective at preventing loss of muscle strength during neoadjuvant chemotherapy for pancreatic cancer. There are two arms in this study: The control group will receive standard dietetic care and be prescribed standard pancreatic enzyme replacement therapy and oral nutritional supplement drinks concurrently with their neoadjuvant chemotherapy. The intervention group in comparison to the control group will have 3 additional dietitian visits and 6 physiotherapist visits that the control group will not.
Improving preoperative staging in patients with locally resectable pancreatic cancer – a randomised controlled trial comparing 12 month recurrence rate of patients managed with standard preoperative assessment of liver metastases, contrast enhanced CT( computed tomography) to preoperative assessment of liver metastases with Primovist (liver specific contrast) MRI ( magnetic resonance imaging ); INTERVENTION: primovist MRI patients will undergo primovist MRI as part of their work up for presentation with locally resectable pancreatic cancer An MRI is a scan, which does not expose the patient to any ionizing radiation. A contrast agent is injected through a cannula, usually in the arm. Patients are then required to lay flat on their back for the duration of the scan, which is usually about 35 minutes. The contrast injected in this situation would be Primovist. Primovist is a liver specific contrast, which helps characterize liver lesions in MRI more accurately. It has been available since 2005 and is used with increasing confidence in many liver centres. It is TGA approved but not yet available on Medicare. the primovist MRI will be in addition to the multiphase CT as this is the usual test to assess the liver but also the pancreas cancer and its relationship to vessels and the chest for disease. most patients will undergo one MRI but may undergo a second if they are given neoadjuvant chemotherapy as they will then need restaging for possible surgery. CONDITION: pancreas adenocarcinoma PRIMARY OUTCOME: recurrence rate ; ; evaluated with multiphase CT chest abdomen and pelvis and tumor marker Ca 19‐9 every 3 months ( as is usual followup in this group) SECONDARY OUTCOME: liver metastases as seen on CT, MRI or PET ; ; however only CT is part of routine followup ; if other modalities are used as part of clinical workup to further evaluate a finding the information from this imaging will be noted INCLUSION CRITERIA: Sex: Male and Females Age range: 18‐85 Disease status: Locally operable pancreatic adenocarcinoma diagnosed by CT +‐ elevated tumour markers +‐ cholangiography +‐ cytology. No liver metastases on CT staging.
A randomized multicenter Phase Ib/II study to assess the immunological effect of chemoradiation therapy (CRT) in combination with pembrolizumab compared to CRT alone in resectable or borderline resectable pancreatic cancer; Background: Tumor‐infiltrating lymphocytes (TILs) play a major role in anti‐tumor immune responses, and their presence is correlated with survival in a variety of tumors. These TILs do not reach the pancreatic cancer (PC) cells in significant numbers due to the presence of stroma and a suppressive microenvironment. Neoadjuvant chemoradiation therapy (CRT) has been advocated as a potential way to improve outcomes of patients with resectable or borderline resectable PC. More importantly, there is recent evidence to suggest that CRT can increase the presence of TILs in the PC microenvironment (PCME), leading to production of interferon‐γ (IFN‐γ), which could increase the expression of PD‐L1 through a negative feedback loop. Accordingly, we hypothesize that blocking the PD‐1 receptor will synergize with CRT to increase the density and activation of TILs in the PCME. Methods: This is a prospective multicenter randomized trial which will accrue 45 subjects with resectable or borderline resectable pancreatic cancer who had not received prior treatment for PC and have ECOG of 0‐1. The primary objectives of the study are: (1) to determine the safety of neoadjuvant CRT in combination with pembrolizumab. (2) To estimate the difference in the number of TILs in pancreatic cancer subjects receiving neoadjuvant CRT in combination with pembrolizumab to the number of TILs in subjects receiving neoadjuvant CRT alone. Eligible subjects will be randomized 2:1 to the investigational treatment (Arm A) to receive pembrolizumab administered IV every 3 weeks on days 1, 22, and 43 during concurrent CRT with capecitabine (825 mg/m2 orally twice daily, Monday (M) through Friday (F), on days of radiation only) and radiation (50.4 Gy in 28 fractions over 28 days) or Arm B to receive only concurrent CRT with capecitabine. In all subjects, restaging CT scan or MRI will be performed at 4‐6 weeks after completion of neoadjuvant treatment to determine resectability. Patients without local or distant disease progression will be taken to the operative room for planned surgery (within 2 weeks of imaging). Postoperatively, resected patients will receive off study standard of care adjuvant gemcitabine (1000mg/kg IV weekly for 3 out of 4 weeks for 6 months). Post operatively resected patients will be followed for up for PFS and OS for up to 2 years. Participants are considered evaluable if they satisfy all inclusion and exclusion criteria and have tumor tissue samples sufficient to determine the number of TILs.
Trial to Investigate Intensified Neoadjuvant Chemotherapy in Locally Advanced Pancreatic Cancer; The aim ot the study is to investigate the efficacy and safety of two new intensified chemotherapy regimens (gemcitabine (Gem)/nab‐ paclitaxel (PAC), FOLFIRINOX) as neoadjuvant chemotherapy protocol in locally advanced, non‐metastatic pancreatic cancer (LAPC) and consecutive conversion of the tumor to resectability.
Uracil and ftorafur (UFT) and radiotherapy in patients with locally advanced pancreatic cancer; INTERVENTION: 1. Neoadjuvant gemcitabine and capecitabine: 1.1. Gemcitabine 100 mg/m2 intravenous (iv) infusion over 30 minutes, the lyophilised powder being diluted in normal saline. Administered on days 1, 8 and 15. Dose banding according to local practice is permitted 1.2. Capecitabine 830 mg/m2 twice daily (total daily dose of 1660 mg/m2) will be administered orally for 21 days followed by 7 days rest. Capecitabine tablets should be administered morning and evening and swallowed with water within 30 minutes of a meal. 2. Chemoradiation: 2.1. Arm A: uracil and ftorafur (UFT) plus radiotherapy ‐ 2.1.1. UFT 300 mg/m2/day in 3 equal doses days 1 ‐ 42 (on days of RT only; 30 days in total) 2.1.2. Leucovorin 90 mg/day in 3 divided doses days 1 ‐ 42 (on days of RT only; 30 days in total) 2.1.3. Radiotherapy 54 Gy in 30 fractions over 6 weeks 2.2. Arm B: uracil and ftorafur (UFT) plus cetuximab plus radiotherapy ‐ 2.2.1. Cetuximab 400 mg/m2 (first dose) day 1 then 250 mg/m2 (subsequent doses) iv once weekly for the following 5 weeks (total weekly dose x 6) 2.2.2. UFT 300 mg/m2/day in 3 divided doses days 1 ‐ 42 (on days of RT only; 30 days in total) 2.2.3. Leucovorin 90 mg/day in 3 divided doses days 1 ‐ 42 (on days of RT only; 30 days in total) 2.2.4. Radiotherapy 54 Gy in 30 fractions over 6 weeks 3. Post chemoradiation gemcitabine and capecitabine: The same treatment schedule should be used as neo‐adjuvant gemcitabine and capecitabine. Patients who have had dose reduction during neo‐adjuvant GEM‐CAP should commence with the reduced dose post‐chemoradiation. GEM‐CAP should be given for 2 further cycles, but can be given for as long as patient is deriving clinical benefit or until disease progression or intolerable toxicity. 4. Follow‐up: 4.1. If a patient has completed neo‐adjuvant chemotherapy, but has not undergone randomisation or chemoradiation, follow up arrangements will be left to the treating clinician's discretion. However, survival status should be ascertained at CONDITION: Locally advanced pancreatic cancer ; Cancer ; Pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: One‐year overall survival rate SECONDARY OUTCOME: 1. Radiological response evaluation: CT thorax, abdomen and pelvis after neo‐adjuvant chemotherapy before randomisation and 6 weeks after completion of chemoradiation. Responses will be assessed in accordance with the Response Evaluation Criteria for Solid Tumours (RECIST).; 2. Tumour marker CA19‐9: this will be measured at baseline and four weekly during neo‐adjuvant chemotherapy, at randomisation and 6 weeks after completion of chemoradiation, and thereafter at each clinic follow‐up appointment.; 3. Progression free survival (PFS): ; 3.1. PFS‐registration will be measured from date of registration to date of first appearance of disease progression, relapse, or death from any cause; patients alive without progression or relapse will be censored at date last known to be alive.; 3.2. PFS‐randomisation will be measured from date of randomisation to date of first appearance of disease progression, relapse, or death from any cause; patients alive without progression or relapse will be censored at date last known to be alive.; 4. Overall survival: this will be measured from date of registration to date of death from any cause; surviving patients will be censored at date last known to be alive.; 5. Toxicity: this will be graded according to the National Cancer Institute Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) version 3.0 during neo‐adjuvant chemotherapy and during chemoradiation. Late radiotherapy toxicity (greater than 12 months after treatment) will be assessed using CTCAE version 3.0.; 6. Quality of life: this will be evaluated using the EORTC QLQ C30 (Version 3) and PAN26 module. It will be evaluated at baseline, at 12 weeks (after neo‐adjuvant chemotherapy) and at 24 weeks (6 weeks after chemoradiation). It will then be evaluated three monthly during year 1, six monthly during the years 2 and 3 and annually for years 4 and 5. INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Aged greater than or equal to 18 years, either sex 2. Histological or cytological diagnosis of adeno‐ or undifferentiated non‐small cell carcinoma of pancreas 3. Considered to be unresectable based on at least one of the following: 3.1. Extensive peri‐pancreatic lymph node involvement 3.2. Encasement or occlusion of the superior mesenteric vein (SMV) or SMV/portal vein confluence 3.3. Direct involvement of superior mesenteric artery (SMA), coeliac axis, inferior vena cava (IVC) or aorta 4. World Health Organization (WHO) performance status 0 ‐ 2 5. No evidence of metastatic disease as determined by computed tomography (CT) scan (chest, abdomen and pelvis) or other investigations 6. Adequate bone marrow function with platelets greater than or equal to 100 x 10^9/l, white blood cells (WBC) greater than or equal to 3 x 10^9/l and neutrophils greater than or equal to 1.5 x 10^9/l 7. Serum bilirubin less than 1.5 x upper limit of institution
A randomized phase 2 trial of neoadjuvant chemotherapy in resectable pancreatic cancer: gemcitabine alone versus gemcitabine combined with cisplatin; BACKGROUND: Survival after surgery for pancreas cancer remains low. This improves with adjuvant chemotherapy, but up to 30% patients do not receive the prescribed treatment. Neoadjuvant therapy may increase the proportion of patients who receive all treatment components, may downstage disease before surgery, and may provide early treatment of micrometastases. This randomized phase 2 study compares gemcitabine‐based chemotherapy regimens to identify the most promising regimen for future study. METHODS: Fifty patients with potentially resectable pancreas lesions were enrolled onto the study. Twenty‐four patients were randomized to gemcitabine (1000 mg/m(2)) every 7 days for 43 days; 26 patients were randomized to gemcitabine (1000 mg/m(2)) and cisplatin (25 mg/m(2)), 7 to the original schedule (omitting day 22) and 19 to a revised schedule due to neutropenia (omitting days 15 and 36). The primary outcome measure was resection rate. RESULTS: Patients who were allocated to gemcitabine received a median of 85% of the planned dose. Patients who were allocated to combination treatment received a median of 88% and 92% of the planned gemcitabine and cisplatin doses, respectively. There were 10 episodes of grade III/IV hematological toxicity in each group. Twenty‐seven patients (54%) underwent pancreatic resection, 9 (38%) in the gemcitabine arm and 18 (70%) in the combination arm, with no increase in surgical complications. To date, 34 patients (68%) have died. Twelve‐month survival for the gemcitabine and combination groups was 42% and 62%. CONCLUSIONS: Chemotherapy can be safely administered before pancreatic surgery. Combination therapy with gemcitabine and cisplatin is associated with a high resection rate and an encouraging survival rate, suggesting that further study is warranted.
Neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy and surgery versus surgery alone in resectable pancreatic cancer: long term follow-up results from a single-center prospective, randomized, controlled trial; Background: Neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy has shown benefits for locally advanced and borderline resectable pancreatic cancer and several studies seem to show a potential benefit also for resectable pancreatic cancer. Despite this, its role remains controversial. Materials and methods: This study was a single‐center RCT, patients with histologically proven resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma were randomized between surgery alone (arm A) and neoadjuvant chemoradiation followed by surgery (arm B). Accrual was completed between May 2007 and July 2013 and results of our trial were published in 2015. Five year after we would like to assess the outcome in terms of overall survival (OS) and disease‐free survival (DFS). We used the intention‐totreat approach and data were evaluated with Kaplan‐Meyer method and compared using the log‐rank test. In the original study patients with no clear fat planes around the celiac axis, hepatic artery, and superior mesenteric artery, as well as patients with more than 180° maximal involvement of the superior mesenteric and portal veins were excluded. The chemoradiation schedule consisted initially of chemotherapy with gemcitabine alone 1000 mg/m2 on days 1 and 8 every 21 days for two cycles (total of 6 weeks) followed by combined chemoradiotherapy for a total of 6 weeks (conventional radiotherapy with 45 Gy and a boost of 9 Gy on the pancreatic lesion; chemotherapy with gemcitabine 50 mg/m2 twice weekly). Results: 38 patients were randomized: 20 in arm A and 18 in arm B. Median DFS was 8.53 months (95% CI, range 4.47‐12.59) vs 18.03 months (95% CI, range 2.58‐33.48) for arm A and B respectively (p=0.242), while median OS was 21.17 months (95% CI, range 8.37‐33.96) for arm A and 24.35 months (95% CI, range 8.04‐40.66) for arm B (p=0.174). Conclusions: OS and DFS were not significantly different between the two groups even if, especially DFS, they were more favorable in the neoadjuvant group. The very low power of this study suggests that this result could be due to the underpowered data. Further multicenter RCTs with more effective chemoradiotherapy regimens are needed in order to better understand the real impact of chemoradiotherapy for resectable pancreatic cancer.
Robotic versus Laparoscopic Assisted Distal Pancreatectomy: analysis of the 2010-2018 National Cancer Database; INTRODUCTION: Previous comparisons of robotic versus distal pancreatectomy were limited by low number of cases. The aim of this study was to compare short and long term outcomes after laparoscopic (LDP) and robotic distal pancreatectomy (RDP). METHODS: Data from the 2010 to 2018 National Cancer Database (NCDB) was used to select patients treated with LDP or RDP for a pancreatic adenocarcinoma. Sociodemographics, and clinicopathologic factors (e.g. comorbidity, tumor stage/grade, lymph node resection, adjuvant therapy) were analyzed. RESULTS: Of the 1,636 patients, RDP was performed in 427 (26%) and LDP in 1,209 (74%). There were no sociodemographic differences between RDP and LDP, as well as preoperative cancer stage/grade. However, 23% received neoadjuvant therapy prior to RDP compared to 14.6% prior to LDP (p< 0.001). RDP achieved higher median lymph node yields RDP = 16 (IQR: 13) and LDP =14 (IQR: 11) and also resulted in lower conversion to open surgery, 12% vs 26% (p< 0.001). Similar rates of positive surgical margins in RDP and LDP (15% and 14% respectively, p=0.422), length of stay, 30 and 90 day mortalities were observed. In a multivariable survival analysis, older age, higher Charlson Deyo score, advanced tumor stage, and adjuvant chemoradiotherapy were associated with worse outcomes. Receipt of neoadjuvant chemoradiation, adjuvant chemotherapy, higher number of lymph node harvest, and robotic surgery were associated with better survival (Table 1). CONCLUSIONS: A 9 year analysis of NCDB data shows that RDP resulted in less conversion to open and statistically higher lymph node yields. Other short term outcomes in terms of margin status and 30 and 90 day mortalities appear similar. Surprisingly, after controlling for age, comorbidities, tumor stage/grade, neo & adjuvant therapy, RDP was associated with better survival. This may be due to more accurate staging with higher lymph node harvest. A randomized controlled trial is needed to further explain any differences between these approaches.
Safety and efficacy of preoperative or postoperative chemotherapy for resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma (PACT-15): a randomised, open-label, phase 2-3 trial; BACKGROUND: Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma are known to metastasise early and a rationale exists for the investigation of preoperative chemotherapy in patients with resectable disease. We aimed to assess the role of combination chemotherapy in this setting in the PACT‐15 trial. METHODS: We did this randomised, open‐label, phase 2‐3 trial in ten hospitals in Italy. We report the phase 2 part here. Patients aged 18‐75 years who were previously untreated for pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma, with Karnofsky performance status of more than 60, and pathologically confirmed stage I‐II resectable disease were enrolled. Patients were randomly assigned (1:1:1), with a minimisation algorithm that stratified treatment allocation by centre and concentrations of carbohydrate antigen 19‐9 (CA19‐9 ≤5 × upper limit of normal [ULN] vs >5 × ULN), to receive surgery followed by adjuvant gemcitabine 1000 mg/m2 on days 1, 8, 15 every 4 weeks for six cycles (arm A), surgery followed by six cycles of adjuvant PEXG (cisplatin 30 mg/m2, epirubicin 30 mg/m2, and gemcitabine 800 mg/m2 on days 1 and 15 every 4 weeks and capecitabine 1250 mg/m2 on days 1‐28; arm B), or three cycles of PEXG before and three cycles after surgery (arm C). Patients and investigators who gave treatments or assessed outcomes were not masked to treatment allocation. The primary endpoint was the proportion of patients who were event‐free at 1 year. The primary endpoint was analysed in the per‐protocol population. Safety analysis was done for all patients receiving at least one dose of study treatment. The trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT01150630. FINDINGS: Between Oct 5, 2010, and May 30, 2015, 93 patients were randomly allocated to treatment. One centre was found to be non‐compliant with the protocol, and all five patients at this centre were excluded from the study. Thus, 88 patients were included in the final study population: 26 in group A, 30 in group B, and 32 in group C. In the per‐protocol population, six (23%, 95% CI 7‐39) of 30 patients in group A were event‐free at 1 year, as were 15 (50%, 32‐68) of 30 in group B and 19 (66%, 49‐83) of 29 in group C. The main grade 3 toxicities were neutropenia (five [28%] of 18 in group A, eight [38%] of 21 in group B, eight [28%] of 29 in group C before surgery, and ten [48%] of 21 in group C after surgery), anaemia (one [6%] in group A, four [19%] in group B, eight [28%] in group C before surgery, and five [24%] in group C after surgery), and fatigue (one [6%] in group A, three [14%] in group B, two [7%] in group C before surgery, and one [5%] in group C after surgery). The main grade 4 toxicity reported was neutropenia (two [11%] in group A, four [19%] in group B, none in group C). Febrile neutropenia was observed in one patient (3%) before surgery in group C. No treatment‐related deaths were observed. INTERPRETATION: Our results provide evidence of the efficacy of neoadjuvant chemotherapy in resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma. Since the trial began, the standard of care for adjuvant therapy has altered, and other chemotherapy regimens developed. Thus, we decided to not continue with the phase 3 part of the PACT‐15. We are planning a phase 3 trial of this approach with different chemotherapy regimens. FUNDING: PERLAVITA ONLUS and MyEverest ONLUS.
A randomized multicenter phase Ib/II study to assess the safety and the immunological effect of chemoradiation therapy (CRT) in combination with pembrolizumab (anti-PD-1) to CRT alone in patients with resectable or borderline resectable pancreatic cancer; Background: Tumor‐infiltrating lymphocytes (TILs) play a major role in anti‐tumor immune responses, and their presence is correlated with survival in a variety of tumors. These TILs do not reach the pancreatic cancer (PC) cells in significant numbers due to the presence of stroma and a suppressive microenvironment. One of the leading causes for immune suppression is elevated expression of PD‐L1 either by the tumor cells or the surrounding regulatory cells, resulting in dysfunction of TILs. There is recent evidence to suggest that CRT can increase the presence of TILs in the PC microenvironment (PCME), leading to production of interferon‐ (IFN‐), which could increase the expression of PD‐L1 through a negative feedback loop. Methods: This is a prospective multicenter randomized trial that will accrue subjects with resectable or borderline resectable PC who had not received prior treatment. The primary objectives of the study are: (1) to determine the safety of neoadjuvant CRT in combination with pembrolizumab. (2) To estimate the difference in the number of TILs in PC subjects receiving neoadjuvant CRT in combination with pembrolizumab to the number of TILs in subjects receiving neoadjuvant CRT alone. This study will also investigate the effect of CRT+/‐ anti‐PD‐1 on the other effector and suppressive immune cells. Eligible subjects will be randomized 2:1 to the investigational treatment (Arm A) to receive pembrolizumab administered IV every 3 weeks on days 1, 22, and 43 during concurrent CRT with capecitabine (825 mg/m2 orally twice daily on days of radiation only) and radiation (50.4 Gy in 28 fractions over 28 days) or Arm B to receive only concurrent CRT with capecitabine. Patients without local or distant disease progression will be taken to the operative room for planned surgery (within 2 weeks of imaging). Postoperatively, resected patients will receive off study standard of care adjuvant gemcitabine (1000mg/kg IV weekly for 3 out of 4 weeks for 6 months). Post operatively resected patients will be followed for up for PFS and OS for up to 2 years.
Postoperative Adverse Events Following Neoadjuvant Therapy and Surgery for Borderline Resectable Pancreatic Cancer in a Phase 2 Clinical Trial (Alliance A021501); BACKGROUND: Postoperative adverse events (AEs) in patients with borderline resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (BR‐PC) treated with neoadjuvant therapy and pancreatectomy in the national cooperative group setting have not been previously characterized. We conducted a preplanned secondary analysis of patients enrolled on the Alliance A021501 clinical trial to quantify perioperative AE rates. METHODS: The A021501 phase 2 trial randomized patients with BR‐PC to receive 8 doses of mFOLFIRINOX (Arm 1) or 7 doses of mFOLFIRINOX and hypofractionated radiotherapy (Arm 2), followed by pancreatectomy (December 31, 2016 to May 31, 2019). Adverse events were assessed 90 days after pancreatectomy. RESULTS: Of 126 enrolled patients, 51 (40%) underwent pancreatectomy (n = 32, Arm 1; n = 19, Arm 2) at 28 institutions. Five (10%) patients required reoperation within 90 days; 56% of patients (n = 27/48) experienced at least one grade 3 or higher AE (50% vs. 67%, p = 0.37). Ninety‐day mortality was 2.0%. Readmission was less frequent in Arm 1 (16% vs. 42%, p = 0.05), but there were no differences between study arms in rates of reoperation (13% vs. 5%), pancreatic fistula or intra‐abdominal abscess requiring drainage (9% vs. 16%), or wound infection (6% vs. 16%). Pancreatic fistula or intra‐abdominal abscess requiring drainage was associated with receipt of adjuvant therapy (p = 0.012). No difference in overall survival was observed based on occurrence of postoperative AEs (hazard ratio = 1.1; 95% confidence interval 0.5‐2.6). CONCLUSIONS: In this multicenter study, rates of postoperative AEs were consistent with those previously reported. Multimodality trials of preoperative therapy for BR‐PC may be performed in the cooperative group setting with careful quality assurance and safety monitoring. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Clinicaltrials.gov identifier: NCT02839343.
Preoperative chemotherapy and radiotherapy versus direct surgery in patients with pancreatic cancer: a multicentre study; INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Gemcitabine Pharmaceutical Form: Powder and solvent for solution for injection CONDITION: patients with resectable or borderline resectable pancreatic cancer. Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Cancer [C04] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To investigate whether the addition of preoperative radiochemotherapy to the standard treatment, consisting of explorative laparotomy, pancreaticoduodenectomy if possible, followed by adjuvant chemotherapy, improves the overall survival (analyzed by intent to treat) of patients with resectable or borderline resectable pancreatic cancer. Primary end point(s): Overall survival is defined as the period of time between randomization and death from any cause. Patients alive at last follow‐up are censored. Secondary Objective: to compare between the study arms; ‐ the resection rate; ‐ the microscopically complete (R0) resection rate; ‐ the disease free survival; ‐ the time to locoregional failure; ‐ the time to distant metastases; ‐ the postoperative complications and morbidity; To assess in experimental arm; ‐ the radiological response rates after preoperative radiochemotherapy (RECIST criteria); ‐ the pathological response rates after preoperative radiochemotherapy; ‐ the toxicity of preoprative radiochemotherapy according to Common Terminology Criteria of Adverse Events 4 (CTC‐AE‐4) Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: One of the interim analysis is planned after 100 patients have been followed until death or for at least 12 months after inclusion. ; ; All cause actuarial survival curves in the two randomization groups will be compared by intent to treat The log rank test statistics will be used to compare the Kaplan‐Meier survical curves of two randomization groups SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): ‐ Resection rate is defined as the percentage of eligible randomized patients that actually underwent a resection. Patients that do not undergo an explorative laparotomy at all or do undergo an explorative laparotomy but not a resection are considered a failure. ; ‐ R0 resection rate is defined as the percentage of eligible randomized patients that underwent a microscopically complete (or R0) resection. The resection is considered R0 if the inked margin is further than 1 mm distinct from any tumour cells. ; ‐ Disease free survival is defined as survival without overt recurrent pancreatic cancer from the date of randomization, as discovered following complaints of the patient or on routine CT‐scan at 6 months intervals. Any sign of recurrent or persistent disease, locoregional or distant, as well as death from any cause is considered an event for this endpoint. Patients that do not undergo an explorative laparotomy at all or do undergo an explorative laparotomy but not a resection are considered a failure at time point zero. ; ‐ Time to locoregional failure is defined as the period of time without locoregional recurrence after randomisation. Locoregional recurrence is considered an event and patients are censored at death or distant metastases without locoregional recurrence. Patients that do not undergo an explorative laparotomy at all or do undergo an explorative laparotomy but not a resection are considered a failure at time point zero. ; ‐ Time to distant metastases is defined as the period of time without distant metastases after randomisation. Distant metastases are considered an event and patients are censored at death. ; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Histologically or cytologicallyconfirmed adenocarcinoma of the pancreas 2. Primarilly resectable tumours or Borderline resectable tumours 3. Karnofsky performance status = 70% 4. Ability to undergo surgery and radiochemotherapy 5. Leucocytes = 3.5 X 10.9/l 6. Platelets = 100X 10.9/l ; ‐ Postoperative complications are defined according to the internationally‐accepted Clavien‐Dindo classification and definitions of post‐pancreatic surgery complications (pancreatic fistula, delayed gastric emptying, bleeding) by the International Study Group on Pancreatic Surgery (analysis on intent‐to‐treat and per‐protocol in patients undergoing PD/Whipple). Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: One of the interim analysis is planned after 100 patients have been followed until death or for at least 12 months after inclusion. ; All cause actuarial survival curves in the two randomization groups will be compared by intent to treat The log rank test statistics will be used to compare the Kaplan‐Meier survical curves of two randomization groups 7. Hemoglobin = 6 mmol/l 8. renal function: E‐GFR > 50 ml/min 9. Age = 18 jaar 10.Written informed concent 11. Patients with reproductive potential must use effective contraception Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range 244 F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) yes F.1.3.1 Number of subjects for this age range 244
Neoadjuvant FOLFIRINOX versus neoadjuvant gemcitabine-based chemoradiotherapy for borderline resectable and resectable pancreatic cancer (PREOPANC-2): a multicenter randomized controlled trial; Introduction: The PREOPANC trial demonstrated an overall survival (OS) benefit of neoadjuvant gemcitabine‐based chemoradiotherapy compared with upfront surgery in patients with pancreatic cancer (PDAC). FOLFIRINOX may further improve OS in the neoadjuvant setting. Methods: This multicenter, phase 3, randomized trial included patients with borderline resectable and resectable PDAC from 19 Dutch centers. Patients received FOLFIRINOX every 14 days for 8 cycles followed by surgery without adjuvant treatment (FFX arm) versus 3 cycles of neoadjuvant gemcitabine with hypofractionated radiotherapy (36 Gy in 15 fractions during the second cycle), followed by surgery and 4 cycles of adjuvant gemcitabine (CRT arm). Primary endpoint was OS. Secondary endpoints included resection rate and serious adverse event (SAE) rate. HR and 95% CI were estimated using a stratified Cox model. Results: Between June 2018 and January 2021, 375 patients were randomized to the FFX arm (n=188) or the CRT arm (n=187). Six patients (3 per arm) were excluded because of ineligibility (n=4) or withdrawal of informed consent immediately after randomization (n=2). After a median follow‐up of 41.7 months with 254 events, median OS was 21.9 months in the FFX arm and 21.3 months in the CRT arm (HR 0.87; 95% CI 0.68‐1.12, p=0.28). Resection rates were 77% in the FFX arm and 75% in the CRT arm (p=0.69). SAE rates were 49% in the FFX arm and 43% in the CRT arm (p=0.26). Conclusions: Neoadjuvant chemotherapy with FOLFIRINOX did not improve OS compared with neoadjuvant gemcitabine‐based chemoradiotherapy in patients with borderline resectable and resectable PDAC.
Resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma neo-adjuvant FOLF(IRIN)OX-based chemotherapy: a multicenter, non-comparative, randomized, phase II trial (PANACHE01-PRODIGE48 study); Background: Despite the limited number of published RCTs, patients with resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma (rPAC; NCCN criteria) seem to benefit from neoadjuvant (NAT) with regards to R0 resection rate, downstaging and survivals (PREOPANC‐1; Preop‐02/JSAP‐05; NEONAX, SWOG05‐15). Few prospective results are currently available concerning the completion of the full therapeutic sequence and oncological results. Methods: In the PANACHE01‐PRODIGE48 prospective multicenter controlled noncomparative Phase II trial, 153 patients with rPDAC were randomized 2:2:1 to 4 cycles of NAT chemotherapy (mFOLFIRINOX; Arm1 or FOLFOX; Arm2) or upfront surgery (Ctrl‐Arm) in 28 French centers from 02/2017 to 07/2020. Primary objective was to evaluate the safety and efficacy of two regimens of NAT chemotherapy. The main co‐primary endpoints were 1y‐OS rate after randomization and the rate of patients undergoing the full therapeutic sequence. Event‐free survival (EFS) was used to evaluate the time to recurrence between groups. An event being defined as progression before surgery, unresectable or metastatic disease at surgical exploration, recurrence after surgery or death. Results: Of the 153 randomized patients, 146 were available for analysis (Arm1,n=70; Arm2,n=50; Ctrl‐arm, n=26). In the Arm1 and 2, completion of the 4 planed cycles was 88.6 and 84%, respectively, with a dose reduction in 52% and 24%. The cumulative rates of grade 3/4/5 toxicity were 56.7 and 57.4%, respectively. The resection rates (RR) were 74, 68 and 81% respectively in Arm1, Arm2 and Ctrl‐Arm. Respectively, 88.4, 91 and 85.7% of patients started adjuvant chemo. 1y‐OS rates were respectively of 84.1, 71.8 and 80.8% in Arm1, Arm2 and Ctrl‐Arm with a median follow‐up in each group of 25.6, 33, 30.9 months. Following the intermediate analysis, the Arm2 was stopped for lack of efficacy (rejection of the H0 hypothesis for 1yOS). 1y‐Event free survival (EFS) rates were 51.4% in Arm1, 43.1% in Arm2 and 41.7% in Ctrl‐Arm, with corresponding median EFS of 12.4, 11 and 9.2 months. Conclusions: The feasibility and efficacy of the mFOLFIRINOX neoadjuvant chemotherapy is confirmed regarding completion of therapeutic sequence and oncological outcomes. These results confirm the rationale for ongoing clinical trials, PREOPANC3 and Alliance AO21806.
Concurrent hyperthermia and chemoradiotherapy vs. chemoradiotherapy alone in locally advanced pancreatic cancer (HEATPAC); Introduction: Pancreatic cancer has a fatal prognosis with 5‐year survival rate of 5%. The outcomes have remained grossly unchanged despite the advances in chemoradiation and advent of newer systemic agents. Therefore novel approaches for the management of the around 80% of the inoperable patients of locally advanced pancreatic cancers (LAPC) are urgently needed. Hyperthermia, a potent radiosensitizer also potentiates the action of gemcitabine, a known radiosensitizer. This phase II randomized trial attempts to explore the feasibility and efficacy of a concurrent thermochemoradiotherapy in comparison to chemoradiotherapy alone following neoadjuvant therapy. Methods: All patients of LAPC, fulfilling the criteria of unresectable LAPC [1, 2] would be considered to be eligible for enrolment in the study (fig. 1). All eligible patients will receive 4 cycles of neo‐adjuvant FOLFIRINOX. At completion of the neo‐adjuvant treatment, reevaluation by PET‐CT is performed to rule out metastasis. Thereafter patients will be randomized to the HEATPAC study arms of either a) concurrent chemoradiotherapy with gemcitabine 6w (control arm) or b) locoregional hyperthermia with concurrent chemoradiotherapy with gemcitabine (study arm). Radiotherapy would be delivered using IMRT with 56Gy to gross target volume and 50.4 Gy to clinical target volume. Hyperthermia to 41‐43°C would be administered weekly with intraduodenal temperature monitoring with a multi‐sensor temperature probe at each session. Following the completion of above therapy, all patients of both groups would receive additional 8 cycles of FOLFIRINOX. Results/Conclusion: This will be the first study [4] in the field of LAPC with multimodality concept including hyperthermia to chemoradio therapy (CTRT). The expected 1‐year baseline overall survival with CTRT alone is considered as 40%. With chemoradiohyperthermia therapy (HTCTRT), a survival advantage of +20% is expected. Considering α = 0.05 and β = 0.80 for sample size computation, a total of 86 patients would be equally randomized into the two treatment groups. This phase II study if found to be safe and effective, would form the basis of a future phase III randomized study [3]. (Figure Presented).
Randomized phase II trial of chemoradiotherapy with S-1 versus gemcitabine and S-1 combination therapy as neoadjuvant treatment in patients with resectable pancreatic cancer; INTERVENTION: arm A: chemoradiotherapy with S‐1 as neoadjuvant treatment arm B: Gemcitabine and S‐1 combination therapy as neoadjuvant treatment CONDITION: resectable pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: 2‐year progression‐free survival SECONDARY OUTCOME: overall survaival (2‐year survival rate), R0 or 1 resection rate, pathological response rate, adverse event of neoadjuvant therapy, morbidity rate of surgery, non‐hematologic adverse event of grade 4, early mortality rate, treatment‐related mortality rate* INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1) Resectable invasive ductal carcinoma of the pancreas (according to the General Rules for the Study of Pancreatic Cancer, the sixth edition, excluding intraductal papillary mucinous carcinoma and acinar cell carcinoma) diagnosed based on the images of contrast abdominal CT scan mainly 2) Conformity with either a) or b) criterion a) Adenocarcinoma proven by biopsy or cytology*1, which is consistent with papillary adenocarcinoma, tubular adenocarcinoma, poorly differentiated adenocarcinoma, or adenosquamous carcinoma on the imaging diagnosis b) Although there is no pathological evidence, cancer is evident based on the imaging diagnosis and a high tumor marker value (only in pancreatic body and tail cancer)*2. *1: Cytology of class IV or V is eligible. *2: If a patient turns to be inoperable, pathological confirmation of cancer by biopsy or cytology is necessary. 3) A radiologist has to confirm that an estimated radiation field*3 is within 10x10
The (cost)effectiveness of neoadjuvant FOLFIRINOX versus neoadjuvant gemcitabine based chemoradiotherapy and adjuvant gemcitabine for (borderline) resectable pancreatic cancer; INTERVENTION: 8 cycles of neoadjuvant FOLFIRINO Xchemotherapy followed by surgery. CONDITION: ; (borderline) resectable pancreatic cancer ; pancreatic cancer 10015674 10017991 PRIMARY OUTCOME: The main endpoint is overall survival (OS).; SECONDARY OUTCOME: • Chemotherapy rate, defined as the percentage of eligible randomized patients ; who received at least one cycle of chemotherapy. ; • Chemotherapy completion rate, defined as the percentage of eligible ; randomized patients who completed all cycles of scheduled chemotherapy. ; • Staging laparoscopy rate, defined as the percentage of eligible randomized ; patients that actually underwent a staging laparoscopy, regardless whether a ; laparotomy or resection was performed. ; • Laparoscopy yield, defined as the percentage of patients that underwent ; staging laparoscopy and were diagnosed with metastatic disease during this ; procedure. ; • Exploratory laparotomy rate, defined as the percentage of eligible randomized ; patients who actually underwent an exploratory laparotomy, regardless whether a ; resection was performed. ; • Resection rate, defined as the percentage of eligible randomized patients ; that underwent a curative‐intent resection. ; • R0 resection rate, defined as the percentage of eligible randomized patients ; that underwent a microscopically complete (R0) resection. The resection is ; considered R0 if the inked margin is more than 1 mm away from tumor cells. ; • Progression‐free survival, defined as survival without progressive or ; recurrent pancreatic cancer from the date of randomization. Death from any ; cause is also considered an event for this endpoint. ; • Locoregional recurrence free interval (LRFI), defined as the period of time ; without locoregional recurrence after randomization. A locoregional failure is ; any persistent or recurrent pancreatic cancer in the original tumor location, ; or the N1 lymph node areas. ; • Distant metastases free interval (DMFI), defined as the period of time ; without distant metastases after randomization. ; • Disease free survival (DFS), defined as the period of time between ; randomization and locoregional recurrence, occurrence of distant metastases or ; second pancreatic cancer, or death (all causes). ; • Locoregional recurrence free interval (LRFI), defined as the time interval ; between the day of randomization and the date of locoregional recurrence, ; including the N1 lymph node areas. ; • Postoperative complications, defined according to the Clavien‐Dindo ; classification and definitions of post‐pancreatic surgery complications ; (pancreatic fistula, delayed gastric emptying, and bleeding) by the ; International Study Group on Pancreatic Surgery. ; • Toxicity, gastro‐intestinal and hematologic, according to CTCAE version ; 4.0.3, until 90 days after the last dose of chemotherapy. ; • Quality of life years (QALYs) from randomization until last follow‐up. ; • Indirect and direct medical and nonmedical costs. ; • Incremental cost‐effectiveness ratio (ICER). Is calculated as the ratio ; between the difference in QALYs and the difference in total costs per patient. ; • Predictive value of biomarkers in serum and resected tumors. ; • Clinical response rate defined according to RECIST criteria version 1.1 ; comparing pre‐randomization and restaging imaging after preoperative ; chemoradiotherapy and after 4 and 8 cycles of FOLFIRINOX. ; • Serum Cancer Antigen 19‐9 (CA 19.9) and Carcino‐Embryonal‐Antigen (CEA) ; response, defined as the change in CA 19‐9 and CEA after preoperative ; chemoradiotherapy and after 4 and 8 cycles of FOLFIRINO Xcompared to baseline. ; • Pathologic response, 3‐tier histologic tumor regression grading (HTRG) ; scheme; HTRG 0, no viable tumor; HTRG 1, <5% viable tumor cells; HTRG 2, >=5% ; viable tumor cells. ; INCLUSION CRITERIA: • Histologically or cytologically confirmed pancreatic cancer (i.e. pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma) • (Borderline) resectable tumor without metastatic disease • WHO performance status 0 or 1 • Ability to undergo surgery, chemoradiotherapy and chemotherapy • Leucocytes (WBC) >= 3.0 X109/l (should be assesed within 4 weeks prior to randomization) • Platelets >= 100 X109 /l (should be assesed within 4 weeks prior to randomization) • Hemoglobin >= 6 mmol/l (should be assesed within 4 weeks prior to randomization) • Renal function: E‐GFR >= 50 ml/min (should be assesed within 4 weeks prior to randomization) • Age >= 18 years • Written informed consent
The clinical impact and analysis for neoadjuvant chemotherapy against borderline resectable pancreatic cancer: gemcitabine plus S-1 vs. gemcitabine plus nab-paclitaxel; Introduction: Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) shows a highly invasive and metastatic potential. Curative resection with multidisciplinary therapy is crucial for PDAC patients to improve the prognosis. It is also important to determine suitable regimen of neoadjuvant therapy (NAT) for locally advanced PDAC patients. Materials and Methods: In this study, 104 consecutive patients with BR PDAC who underwent pancreatectomy at Chiba University Hospital from Jan. 2008 to Dec. 2017 were retrospectively analyzed. We assessed the clinical significance of NAT compared to Surgery First (SF) in patients with borderline resectable (BR) PDAC. Furthermore, we compared the clinical impact between gemcitabine plus S‐1 (GS) and gemcitabine plus nab‐paclitaxel (GnP) for neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NAC) in BR PDAC. Results: In 84 BR head‐PDAC and 20 BR body/tail‐PDAC patients, 47 head‐PDAC (56%) and 17 body/tail‐PDAC (85%) were administered NAT, respectively. Comparing between SF and NAT group in each category, no significant differences were observed in the major clinicopathologic factors such as sex, operation time, blood volume loss, UICC‐T, N factors, stage, or surgical curability. Median survival time (MST) for overall survival was 22.2 months for SF group and 23.1 months for NAT group in head‐PDAC (p=0.08, log‐rank), and not reached for SF group and 43.3 months for NAT group in body/tail‐PDAC. Next, focusing on the differences of each strategy for NAC, we compared the clinical outcomes of patients between GS group (n=26) and GnP group (n=14) in head‐PDAC and GS group (n=10) and GnP group (n=5) in body/tail‐PDAC, respectively. The mean of NAC duration was 3.2 months for GS group and 2.7 months for GnP group. Among the clinicopathologic parameters, no differences of backgrounds for patients were observed between these two regimens. The response rates for RECIST criteria were 33.3% for GS group and 47.4% for GnP group in head‐PDAC, notably 20% for GS group and 100% for GnP group in body/tail PDAC (p=0.001). The decrease rate of CA19‐9 during NAC were 52.4% for GS group and 67.7% for GnP group (p=0.07). The Kaplan‐Meier analysis revealed that the median survival time (MST) for disease‐free survival after surgery was 9.7 months for GS group and 8.9 months for GnP group in head‐PDAC, and 18.2 months for GS group and 14.7 months for GnP group in body/tail‐PDAC. The MST for overall survival was 29.2 months for GS group and 24.7 months for GnP group in all BR PDAC. Conclusion: NAT (NAC) is a promising option in the treatment for patients with BR PDAC. Randomized prospective studies will be warranted for the strategy of treatment for patients with BR PDAC.
The effect of neoadjuvant chemotherapy with gemcitabine and S-1 for resectable pancreatic cancer (randomized phase II/III trial; Prep-02/JSAP-05); Background: Despite recent progress of adjuvant chemotherapy for resected pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC), its survival remains limited. We conducted a randomized controlled trial to compare neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NAC) with upfront surgery (UP‐S) for patients with resectable PDAC. Methods:Patients with resectable PDAC, all confirmed cytologically or histologically were enrolled. Patients received 2 cycles of gemcitabine and S‐1 regimen (GS) followed by surgery (NAC) or UP‐S after randomization (1:1). Patients in both arms received adjuvant chemotherapy using S‐1 for 6 months after surgical resection. The primary endpoint was overall survival (OS); secondary endpoints included adverse events, resection rate, recurrence‐free survival, residual tumor status, nodal metastases, and tumor marker kinetics. Results: A total 362 patients were randomly assigned to NAC‐GS (n=182) or UP‐S (n=180) for 3 years (2013‐16). The median OS was 36.7 months in NAC‐GS and 26.6 months in UP‐S; HR 0.72 (p=0.015, stratified log‐rank test) at 2.5 year after final enrollment. Crude resection rate for NAC and UP‐S were 77%, 72% respectively. There was no operative mortality in both groups. Although G3/4 adverse events were observed frequently (73%) during NAC, no significant difference for both groups was observed for perioperative outcomes including blood loss, operation time, R0 resection rate and post‐operative morbidity. Significant decrease of pathological nodal metastases in NAC was noted compared to those in UP‐S by pathological evaluation for resected patients(p<0.01). Although significant decrease of viable tumor cells was observed in primary tumor after NAC compared to UP‐S (p<0.01), Evans 11 b or more was found in only 14 % of resected patients in NAC. Hepatic recurrence after surgery was significantly reduced in NAC (30.0%) compared to UP‐S (47.5%) in observed period. Conclusions: The strategy of NAC showed significant longer survival compared to that of UP‐S with acceptable feasibility. The effect of NAC might imply the control of subdiagnostic liver metastases before surgery for resectable PDAC.
Evaluation of Safety and Efficacy about Resection of Pancreatic Cancer with Preoperatively Undetectable Intraabdominal Distant Metastasis; INTERVENTION: Resection of preoperatively undetectable intraabodominal distant metastasis and primary cancer, if R0 resection is possible. CONDITION: Pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: Perioperative safety SECONDARY OUTCOME: ‐ Relapse free survival, ; ‐ Type of recurrence, ; ‐ Time course of tumor marker, ; ‐ The rate of administration of postoperarive adjuvant chemotherapy, ; ‐ Survival time after recurrence; ‐ Over all survival INCLUSION CRITERIA: (1) histolycally proven invasive pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (2) no distant metastasis with preoperative imaging (CT, MRI, FDG‐PET‐CT) (3) R0 resection is possible for primary cancer (4) with tolerable health to operation (5) no prior therapy for pancreas cancer (6) not enrolled in other study with primary endpoint of resection or survival (7) no other active cancer (8) with consent in a writing form (9) 20 years old or older (10) with judgement
Perioperative or only adjuvant gemcitabine plus nab-paclitaxel for resectable pancreatic cancer (NEONAX)-a randomized phase II trial of the AIO pancreatic cancer group; BACKGROUND: Data on perioperative chemotherapy in resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (rPDAC) are limited. NEONAX examined perioperative or adjuvant chemotherapy with gemcitabine plus nab‐paclitaxel in rPDAC (National Comprehensive Cancer Network criteria). PATIENTS AND METHODS: NEONAX is a prospective, randomized phase II trial with two independent experimental arms. One hundred twenty‐seven rPDAC patients in 22 German centers were randomized 1 : 1 to perioperative (two pre‐operative and four post‐operative cycles, arm A) or adjuvant (six cycles, arm B) gemcitabine (1000 mg/m2) and nab‐paclitaxel (125 mg/m2) on days 1, 8 and 15 of a 28‐day cycle. RESULTS: The primary endpoint was disease‐free survival (DFS) at 18 months in the modified intention‐to‐treat (ITT) population [R0/R1‐resected patients who started neoadjuvant chemotherapy (CTX) (A) or adjuvant CTX (B)]. The pre‐defined DFS rate of 55% at 18 months was not reached in both arms [A: 33.3% (95% confidence interval [CI] 18.5% to 48.1%), B: 41.4% (95% CI 20.7% to 62.0%)]. Ninety percent of patients in arm A completed neoadjuvant treatment, and 42% of patients in arm B started adjuvant chemotherapy. R0 resection rate was 88% (arm A) and 67% (arm B), respectively. Median overall survival (mOS) (ITT population) as a secondary endpoint was 25.5 months (95% CI 19.7‐29.7 months) in arm A and 16.7 months (95% CI 11.6‐22.2 months) in the upfront surgery arm. This difference corresponds to a median DFS (mDFS) (ITT) of 11.5 months (95% CI 8.8‐14.5 months) in arm A and 5.9 months (95% CI 3.6‐11.5 months) in arm B. Treatment was safe and well tolerable in both arms. CONCLUSIONS: The primary endpoint, DFS rate of 55% at 18 months (mITT population), was not reached in either arm of the trial and numerically favored the upfront surgery arm B. mOS (ITT population), a secondary endpoint, numerically favored the neoadjuvant arm A [25.5 months (95% CI 19.7‐29.7months); arm B 16.7 months (95% CI 11.6‐22.2 months)]. There was a difference in chemotherapy exposure with 90% of patients in arm A completing pre‐operative chemotherapy and 58% of patients starting adjuvant chemotherapy in arm B. Neoadjuvant/perioperative treatment is a novel option for patients with resectable PDAC. However, the optimal treatment regimen has yet to be defined. The trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT02047513) and the European Clinical Trials Database (EudraCT 2013‐005559‐34).
Surgical morbidity and mortality after neoadjuvant chemotherapy in the CRITICS gastric cancer trial; Background: In order to determine the optimal combination of perioperative chemotherapy and chemoradiotherapy for Western patients with advanced resectable gastric cancer, the international multicentre CRITICS trial (ChemoRadiotherapy after Induction chemotherapy In Cancer of the Stomach) was initiated. In this trial, patients with resectable gastric cancer were randomised before start of treatment between adjuvant chemotherapy or adjuvant chemoradiotherapy following neoadjuvant chemotherapy plus gastric cancer resection. The purpose of this study was to report on surgical morbidity and mortality in this trial, and to identify factors associated with surgical morbidity. Methods: Patients who underwent a gastrectomy with curative intent were selected. Logistic regression analyses were used to assess risk factors for developing postoperative complications. Results: Between 2007 and 2015, 788 patients were included in the CRITICS trial, of whom 636 patients were eligible for current analyses. Complications occurred in 296 patients (47%). Postoperative mortality was 2.2% (n = 14). Complications due to anastomotic leakage was cause of death in 5 patients. Failure to complete preoperative chemotherapy (OR = 2.09, P = 0.004), splenectomy (OR = 2.82, P = 0.012), and male sex (OR = 1.55, P = 0.020) were associated with a greater risk for postoperative complications. Total gastrectomy and oesophago‐cardia resection were associated with greater risk for morbidity compared with subtotal gastrectomy (OR = 1.88, P = 0.001 and OR = 1.89, P = 0.038). Conclusion: Compared to other Western studies, surgical morbidity in the CRITICS trial was slightly higher whereas mortality was low. Complications following anastomotic leakage was the most important factor for postoperative mortality. Important proxies for developing postoperative complications were failure to complete preoperative chemotherapy, splenectomy, male sex, total gastrectomy, and oesophago‐cardia resection.
Efficacy of conversion surgery after neoadjuvant intraperitoneal-systemic chemotherapy in treating peritoneal metastasis of gastric cancer; Purpose: To explore the effectiveness and safety of conversion surgery after neoadjuvant intraperitoneal‐systemic chemotherapy (NIPS) in treating gastric cancer patients with peritoneal metastasis. Methods: 80 patients definitely diagnosed with peritoneal metastasis of gastric cancer treated in our hospital from March 2016 to September 2017 were evaluated. All the patients were randomly assigned into two groups and received oral administration of S‐1 + intravenous and intraperitoneal chemotherapy with paclitaxel or oral administration of S‐1 + intravenous chemotherapy with oxaliplatin, with 40 patients in each group. Following NIPS conversion therapy, the patients with indications for surgery underwent radical gastrectomy. The short‐term efficacy of chemotherapy and incidence of chemotherapy‐related adverse reactions were compared between the two groups. The surgical methods, intraoperative conditions (lymph node dissection and surgical margins) and postoperative complications were recorded in the two groups of patients, and the survival in the two groups was recorded via follow‐up. Results: The efficacy was evaluated for all the patients after 4 cycles of treatment. The median cycles of chemotherapy was 6.9 in NIPS group, with a response rate of 85.0% (34/40), while it was 6.4 cycles in control group, with a response rate of 70.0% (28/40). The overall response rate (ORR) after chemotherapy in NIPS group was notably higher than in control group (p=0.041). After chemotherapy, radical gastrectomy was performed in 40 patients with surgical indications, including 22 cases of R0 resection, 10 cases of R1 resection and 8 cases of R2 resection. Some patients developed postoperative complications, including 1 case of incision infection, 3 cases each of ileus and intra‐abdominal hemorrhage, 2 cases each of peritonitis and pancreatic fistula, and 4 cases of anastomotic fistula. All the patients were followed up for 2‐18 months, and the median follow‐up time was 14.1 months in NIPS group and 13.3 months in control group. The median overall survival (mOS) was 13.4 months in NIPS group and 10.8 months in control group. Conclusion: NIPS combined with radical gastrectomy has definite efficacy in treating gastric cancer patients with peritoneal metastasis and cause tolerable adverse reactions, and it can significantly raise the patient survival compared with systemic chemotherapy alone.
Patient-Reported Adverse Events During Neoadjuvant Therapy in a Phase 2 Borderline Resectable Pancreatic Cancer Clinical Trial (Alliance A021501); OBJECTIVE: We sought to evaluate symptomatic adverse event (AE) rates among patients with pancreatic cancer receiving neoadjuvant therapy on clinical trial (A021501) using the Patient‐Reported Outcomes Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (PRO‐CTCAE). BACKGROUND: To date, pancreatic cancer clinical trials have measured AEs using standard physician reporting [Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE)]. Patient‐reported symptomatic AEs have been incompletely characterized. METHODS: A021501 (December 31, 2016‐January 1, 2019) randomized patients with borderline resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma to 8 doses of mFOLFIRINOX (Arm 1) or 7 doses of mFOLFIRINOX+hypofractionated radiotherapy (Arm 2), followed by pancreatectomy and adjuvant FOLFOX6. Patients completed PRO‐CTCAE assessments at baseline, on day 1 of each chemotherapy cycle, and daily during radiotherapy. RESULTS: Of 126 patients, 96 (76%) initiated treatment and completed a baseline plus at least 1 postbaseline PRO‐CTCAE assessment. Diarrhea and fatigue were the only symptomatic grade 3 or higher AEs identified in at least 10% of patients using CTCAE. At least 10% of all patients reported an adjusted PRO‐CTCAE composite grade 3 AE during neoadjuvant treatment for 10 of 15 items: anxiety (10%), bloating of abdomen (16%), decreased appetite (18%), diarrhea (13%), dry mouth (21%), fatigue (36%), nausea (18%), generalized pain (16%), abdominal pain (21%), and problems tasting (32%). Decreased appetite was higher in Arm 2 than in Arm 1 ( P =0.0497); no other differences between study arms were observed. CONCLUSION: Symptomatic AEs during neoadjuvant therapy were common and were reported more frequently by patients using PRO‐CTCAE than were recorded by clinicians using standard CTCAE.
Randomized phase II trial of neoadjuvant Chemotherapy with Gemcitabine and S-1 vs. without neoadjuvant chemotherapy in patients with resectable pancreatic cancer; INTERVENTION: Gemcitabine and S‐1 combination neoadjuvant chemotherapy (GS group): S‐1 60mg/m2/day for 14days and gemcitabine 1000mg/m2 at day8 and 15 within 21days as 1 course. total 3 courses followed by surgical resection. After operation, patients are treated with S‐1 (80mg/m2/day X 14days in 21days course X 8 courses) as adjuvant therapy Surgery group: Surgical resection followed by S‐1 therapy (80mg/m2/day X 14days in 21days course X 8 courses) as adjuvant therapy CONDITION: Resectable pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: Two year disease progression free survival rate SECONDARY OUTCOME: overall survival, disease free survival, R0 resection rate, R0+1 resection rate, histological efficacy of chemotherapy, Adverse events, recurrent location, tumor marker level, relative intensity, surgical complication rate, responce rate INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1) Resectable pancreatic cancer in preoperative imaging diagnosis 2) Pancreatic cancer without distant metastasis 3) Imaging diagnosis shows following criteria a. Without abutment to major arteries such as SMA, HA and CEA b. Portal vein or SMV stenosis within 50% in diameter 4) Performance Status 0 or 1 5) Adequate hematologic, renal and hepatologic function 6) Provided written informed consent.
Long-term outcomes of standard versus extended lymphadenectomy in pancreatoduodenectomy for pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma: a Chinese multi-center prospective randomized controlled trial; INTRODUCTION: The value of extended lymphadenectomy in pancreatoduodenectomy (PD) has been discussed by five randomized controlled studies. However, the limitations in the studies made their conclusions not sufficiently reliable. OBJECTIVES: This multi‐center randomized controlled study was designed to clarify the efficacy of extended lymphadenectomy in PD for pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC). METHODS: From December 2016 to October 2018, 170 consecutive patients undergoing PD were enrolled and randomized to standard or extended lymphadenectomy for the treatment of PDAC from three high‐volume institutions in China. Demographic, pathological characteristics and survival data of these patients were collected and analyzed. No neoadjuvant treatment was performed. The primary endpoint was the 3‐year overall survival. RESULTS: For all patients, the 3‐year survival rate was 25.88%. There was no between‐group difference in 3‐year survival rate (27.16% vs 24.72% p=0.717). The median survival time for the standard group was 18 months, while for the extended group it was 15 months. The demographic and pathological characteristics were similar between groups. More positive lymph nodes could be found in the extended group (2.34 ± 3.46 vs 1.41 ± 2.12, p=0.035), which led to nodule stage migration. All patients received chemotherapy. But patients in extended group were more likely to fail in completion of all‐cycles chemotherapy before recurrence (31.46% vs 17.28%, p=0.032). Incomplete chemotherapy before recurrence, higher N status and abnormal CA125 were independent risk factors for 1‐year survival (p<0.001, 95% CI 0.076‐0.368; p=0.017, 95% CI 1.113‐3.021; p=0.021, 95% CI 1.136‐4.960, respectively), which was higher in the standard group (75.31% vs 58.43%, p=0.020). CONCLUSION: The extended lymphadenectomy in PD did not improve the long‐term survival in patients with PDAC. Patients with extended lymphadenectomy had a worse 1‐year overall survival. However, the nodule stage migration facilitated by the extended lymphadenectomy contributed to the precise tumor staging.
ERCC-1 as a predictive biomarker for radioresistance in resected pancreatic cancer undergoing perioperative radiotherapy; Background: Excission Repair Cross‐Complementing 1 (ERCC‐1) has been shown to increase the resistance to platinum in some cancers. ERCC‐1 expression was investigated as a predictor of response to radiotherapy in patients (pt) with resected pancreatic cancer (RPC) undergoing pre or postoperative radiotherapy. Methods: A retrospective, non‐interventional study was conducted using data from the medical records of eligible RPC pt. Patients treated as part of clinical research trials were included. ERCC‐1 expression was determined by immunohistochemistry (IHQ) in primary or metastasis specimen. Results: Between January 1st 2007 and January 1st 2015, a total of 77 RPC pt were identified (median age 66 years old, 38 [49%] male, 73 [95%] ECOG 0‐1). 31 pt received perioperative chemo‐radiotherapy and 46 received adjuvant or neo‐adjuvant chemotherapy alone. Median follow‐up for patients was 31 months. ERCC‐1 expression did not predict overall Relapse‐Free Survival (RFS) or overall survival (OS) in the entire cohort or in the chemotherapy alone subgroup. In chemo‐radiotherapy subgroup, 13 ERCC‐1 negative pt presented longer RFS in comparison to 18 ERCC‐1 positive pt (ERCC‐1 negative 15,6 months [CI% 9,8‐21,2] vs. ERCC‐1 positive 3,8 months [CI% 2,45,3] log rank 18,419, p = 0,0001). Conclusions: Relapse‐Free Survival for RPC pt treated with radiotherapy was longer in ERCC‐1 negative patients compared with ERCC‐1 positive patients. Prospective randomized studies are mandatory to confirm ERCC‐1 expression clinical usefulness.
Intensified neoadjuvant chemotherapy with nab-paclitaxel plus gemcitabine followed by FOLFIRINOX in a patient with locally advanced unresectable pancreatic cancer; The prognosis of patients with locally advanced pancreatic cancer can be improved if secondary complete (R0) resection is possible. In patients initially staged as unresectable this may be achieved with neoadjuvant treatment which is usually chemoradiotherapy based. We report the case of a 46‐year‐old patient with an unresectable, locally advanced pancreatic cancer (pT4 Nx cM0 G2) who was treated with a sequential neoadjuvant chemotherapy regimen consisting of 2 cycles of nab‐paclitaxel plus gemcitabine followed by 4 cycles of FOLFIRINOX. Neoadjuvant chemotherapy resulted in secondary resectability (R0 resection). After 2 cycles of nab‐paclitaxel plus gemcitabine, the patient already had a complete metabolic remission as measured by integrated fludeoxyglucose (18F) positron emission tomography and computerized tomography. After a follow‐up of 18 months the patient is alive without progression of disease. We propose to assess the clinical benefit of sequencing the combinations nab‐paclitaxel plus gemcitabine and FOLFIRINOX as neoadjuvant therapy for patients with locally advanced and initially unresectable pancreatic cancer in a controlled clinical trial.
Impact of nationwide implementation of best practices in pancreatic cancer care (PACAP-1): a stepped-wedge cluster randomised controlled trial; Abstract Background: Implementation of new cancer treatment strategies are often suboptimal and slow. We aimed to implement best practices in pancreatic cancer care nationwide and assess the impact on overall survival (OS). Methods: Nationwide multicentre stepped‐wedge cluster randomised controlled trial comparing implementation of best practices with usual care (May 22, 2018 – July 9, 2020). Best practices included adequate use of perioperative and palliative chemotherapy, pancreatic enzyme replacement therapy (PERT), referral to a dietician, and metal biliary stents. A 6‐week implementation period in all 17 Dutch pancreatic centres and their regional referral networks was performed. Primary outcome was 1‐year OS. Secondary outcomes included best practice implementation and quality of life (EORTC global health score). Results: Overall, 5887 patients diagnosed with pancreatic cancer were included; 2939 after implementation of best practices versus 2641 before. One‐year OS was 3.8 vs 3.7 months (HR 0.98, 95%CI 0.88‐1.08). Use of neoadjuvant (11% vs 11%) and adjuvant chemotherapy (48% vs 51%) did not change, while use of palliative chemotherapy did (24% vs 30%, OR 1.38, 95%CI 1.10‐1.74). Use of PERT increased (34% vs 45%, OR 1.64, 95%CI 1.28‐2.11), the number of patients referred to a dietician remained similar (59% vs 63%, OR 1.16, 95%CI 0.92‐1.45). Use of metal biliary stents instead of plastic stents increased (74% vs 83%, OR 1.78 95%CI 1.13‐2.80). Quality of life did not differ (AUC 43.9 versus 42.8, median difference: ‐1.09, 95%CI ‐3.05‐0.94). Conclusion: Nationwide implementation of best practices in pancreatic cancer care did not improve 1‐year survival. Despite improvement of some nationwide practices, still the majority of patients received no cancer‐directed treatment. This study emphasizes the poor survival in a real‐world population, and need for improved awareness and treatment options.
Safety and Immunological Effect of Pembrolizumab in Resectable or Borderline Resectable Pancreatic Cancer; The purpose of this clinical trial is to study an experimental drug called pembrolizumab or MK‐3475 for use in combination with chemotherapy and radiation therapy for patients with resectable (surgical removal) or borderline resectable pancreatic cancer. In general, pancreatic cancer that cannot be removed by surgery is sometimes treated with chemotherapy and radiation therapy, called neoadjuvant treatment, to shrink the tumor so that surgery might be possible. However, this is not always effective at shrinking the tumor enough to allow it to be removed with surgery. Recent discoveries suggest that the investigators own immune system might have a role in controlling the growth of tumors. Drugs such as pembrolizumab can stimulate the immune system against cancer. The purpose of this study is to investigate whether pembrolizumab can be used safely during neoadjuvant treatment and can improve the body's immune response against pancreatic cancer. Pembrolizumab has been approved for treatment of patients with melanoma but has not been proven to be safe or helpful in patients with pancreatic cancer and is not approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for this purpose.
Immediate surgery compared with short-course neoadjuvant gemcitabine plus capecitabine, FOLFIRINOX, or chemoradiotherapy in patients with borderline resectable pancreatic cancer (ESPAC5): a four-arm, multicentre, randomised, phase 2 trial; BACKGROUND: Patients with borderline resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma have relatively low resection rates and poor survival despite the use of adjuvant chemotherapy. The aim of our study was to establish the feasibility and efficacy of three different types of short‐course neoadjuvant therapy compared with immediate surgery. METHODS: ESPAC5 (formerly known as ESPAC‐5f) was a multicentre, open label, randomised controlled trial done in 16 pancreatic centres in two countries (UK and Germany). Eligible patients were aged 18 years or older, with a WHO performance status of 0 or 1, biopsy proven pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma in the pancreatic head, and were staged as having a borderline resectable tumour by contrast‐enhanced CT criteria following central review. Participants were randomly assigned by means of minimisation to one of four groups: immediate surgery; neoadjuvant gemcitabine and capecitabine (gemcitabine 1000 mg/m2 on days 1, 8, and 15, and oral capecitabine 830 mg/m2 twice a day on days 1‐21 of a 28‐day cycle for two cycles); neoadjuvant FOLFIRINOX (oxaliplatin 85 mg/m2, irinotecan 180 mg/m2, folinic acid given according to local practice, and fluorouracil 400 mg/m2 bolus injection on days 1 and 15 followed by 2400 mg/m2 46 h intravenous infusion given on days 1 and 15, repeated every 2 weeks for four cycles); or neoadjuvant capecitabine‐based chemoradiation (total dose 50·4 Gy in 28 daily fractions over 5·5 weeks [1·8 Gy per fraction, Monday to Friday] with capecitabine 830 mg/m2 twice daily [Monday to Friday] throughout radiotherapy). Patients underwent restaging contrast‐enhanced CT at 4‐6 weeks after neoadjuvant therapy and underwent surgical exploration if the tumour was still at least borderline resectable. All patients who had their tumour resected received adjuvant therapy at the oncologist's discretion. Primary endpoints were recruitment rate and resection rate. Analyses were done on an intention‐to‐treat basis. This trial is registered with ISRCTN, 89500674, and is complete. FINDINGS: Between Sept 3, 2014, and Dec 20, 2018, from 478 patients screened, 90 were randomly assigned to a group (33 to immediate surgery, 20 to gemcitabine plus capecitabine, 20 to FOLFIRINOX, and 17 to capecitabine‐based chemoradiation); four patients were excluded from the intention‐to‐treat analysis (one in the capecitabine‐based chemoradiotherapy withdrew consent before starting therapy and three [two in the immediate surgery group and one in the gemcitabine plus capecitabine group] were found to be ineligible after randomisation). 44 (80%) of 55 patients completed neoadjuvant therapy. The recruitment rate was 25·92 patients per year from 16 sites; 21 (68%) of 31 patients in the immediate surgery and 30 (55%) of 55 patients in the combined neoadjuvant therapy groups underwent resection (p=0·33). R0 resection was achieved in three (14%) of 21 patients in the immediate surgery group and seven (23%) of 30 in the neoadjuvant therapy groups combined (p=0·49). Surgical complications were observed in 29 (43%) of 68 patients who underwent surgery; no patients died within 30 days. 46 (84%) of 55 patients receiving neoadjuvant therapy were available for restaging. Six (13%) of 46 had a partial response. Median follow‐up time was 12·2 months (95% CI 12·0‐12·4). 1‐year overall survival was 39% (95% CI 24‐61) for immediate surgery, 78% (60‐100) for gemcitabine plus capecitabine, 84% (70‐100) for FOLFIRINOX, and 60% (37‐97) for capecitabine‐based chemoradiotherapy (p=0·0028). 1‐year disease‐free survival from surgery was 33% (95% CI 19‐58) for immediate surgery and 59% (46‐74) for the combined neoadjuvant therapies (hazard ratio 0·53 [95% CI 0·28‐0·98], p=0·016). Three patients reported local disease recurrence (two in the immediate surgery group and one in the FOLFIRINOX group). 78 (91%) patients were included in the safety set and assessed for toxicity events. 19 (24%) of 78 patients reported a grade 3 or worse adverse event (two [7%] of 28 patients in the immediate surgery group and 17 [34%] of 50 patients in the neoadjuvant therapy groups combined), the most common of which were neutropenia, infection, and hyperglycaemia. INTERPRETATION: Recruitment was challenging. There was no significant difference in resection rates between patients who underwent immediate surgery and those who underwent neoadjuvant therapy. Short‐course (8 week) neoadjuvant therapy had a significant survival benefit compared with immediate surgery. Neoadjuvant chemotherapy with either gemcitabine plus capecitabine or FOLFIRINOX had the best survival compared with immediate surgery. These findings support the use of short‐course neoadjuvant chemotherapy in patients with borderline resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma. FUNDING: Cancer Research UK.
Preoperative radiochemotherapy versus immediate surgery for resectable and borderline resectable pancreatic cancer (PREOPANC trial): study protocol for a multicentre randomized controlled trial; BACKGROUND: Pancreatic cancer is the fourth largest cause of cancer death in the United States and Europe with over 100,000 deaths per year in Europe alone. The overall 5‐year survival ranges from 2‐7 % and has hardly improved over the last two decades. Approximately 15 % of all patients have resectable disease at diagnosis, and of those, only a subgroup has a resectable tumour at surgical exploration. Data from cohort studies have suggested that outcome can be improved by preoperative radiochemotherapy, but data from well‐designed randomized studies are lacking. Our PREOPANC phase III trial aims to test the hypothesis that median overall survival of patients with resectable or borderline resectable pancreatic cancer can be improved with preoperative radiochemotherapy. METHODS/DESIGN: The PREOPANC trial is a randomized, controlled, multicentric superiority trial, initiated by the Dutch Pancreatic Cancer Group. Patients with (borderline) resectable pancreatic cancer are randomized to A: direct explorative laparotomy or B: after negative diagnostic laparoscopy, preoperative radiochemotherapy, followed by explorative laparotomy. A hypofractionated radiation scheme of 15 fractions of 2.4 gray (Gy) is combined with a course of gemcitabine, 1,000 mg/m(2)/dose on days 1, 8 and 15, preceded and followed by a modified course of gemcitabine. The target volumes of radiation are delineated on a 4D CT scan, where at least 95 % of the prescribed dose of 36 Gy in 15 fractions should cover 98 % of the planning target volume. Standard adjuvant chemotherapy is administered in both treatment arms after resection (six cycles in arm A and four in arm B). In total, 244 patients will be randomized in 17 hospitals in the Netherlands. The primary endpoint is overall survival by intention to treat. Secondary endpoints are (R0) resection rate, disease‐free survival, time to locoregional recurrence or distant metastases and perioperative complications. Secondary endpoints for the experimental arm are toxicity and radiologic and pathologic response. DISCUSSION: The PREOPANC trial is designed to investigate whether preoperative radiochemotherapy improves overall survival by means of increased (R0) resection rates in patients with resectable or borderline resectable pancreatic cancer. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Trial open for accrual: 3 April 2013 The Netherlands National Trial Register ‐ NTR3709 (8 November 2012) EU Clinical Trials Register ‐ 2012‐003181‐40 (11 December 2012).
Precision Medicine in Pancreatic Cancer: patient-Derived Organoid Pharmacotyping Is a Predictive Biomarker of Clinical Treatment Response; PURPOSE: Patient‐derived organoids (PDO) are a promising technology to support precision medicine initiatives for patients with pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC). PDOs may improve clinical next‐generation sequencing (NGS) and enable rapid ex vivo chemotherapeutic screening (pharmacotyping). EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN: PDOs were derived from tissues obtained during surgical resection and endoscopic biopsies and studied with NGS and pharmacotyping. PDO‐specific pharmacotype is assessed prospectively as a predictive biomarker of clinical therapeutic response by leveraging data from a randomized controlled clinical trial. RESULTS: Clinical sequencing pipelines often fail to detect PDAC‐associated somatic mutations in surgical specimens that demonstrate a good pathologic response to previously administered chemotherapy. Sequencing the PDOs derived from these surgical specimens, after biomass expansion, improves the detection of somatic mutations and enables quantification of copy number variants. The detection of clinically relevant mutations and structural variants is improved following PDO biomass expansion. On clinical trial, PDOs were derived from biopsies of treatment‐naïve patients prior to treatment with FOLFIRINOX (FFX). Ex vivo PDO pharmacotyping with FFX components predicted clinical therapeutic response in these patients with borderline resectable or locally advanced PDAC treated in a neoadjuvant or induction paradigm. PDO pharmacotypes suggesting sensitivity to FFX components were associated with longitudinal declines of tumor marker, carbohydrate‐antigen 19‐9 (CA‐19‐9), and favorable RECIST imaging response. CONCLUSIONS: PDOs established from tissues obtained from patients previously receiving cytotoxic chemotherapies can be accomplished in a clinically certified laboratory. Sequencing PDOs following biomass expansion improves clinical sequencing quality. High in vitro sensitivity to standard‐of‐care chemotherapeutics predicts good clinical response to systemic chemotherapy in PDAC. See related commentary by Zhang et al., p. 3176.
Comparing survival outcomes for neoadjuvant therapy versus adjuvant therapy in the management of stage 1 pancreatic adenocarcinoma: a national cancer database study; Background: We are in the midst of a paradigm shift in the treatment of stage 1 pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) from surgery first followed by adjuvant therapy (AT) to Neoadjuvant therapy (NAT) first followed by surgery and this is reflected in the current NCCN guidelines as well. Data comparing these two modalities are limited. AIM: To compare long term survival between Surgery + AT and NAT + Surgery in a large National Cancer Database for stage 1 PDAC. Methods: We identified patients with the NCDB with surgically resected AJCC clinical stage 1, 1A, and 1B PDAC between 2004‐2016. Patients were stratified into two groups to assess outcomes: AT and NAT. Patients with incomplete survival and sequence of therapy were excluded. Baseline demographic data, 90‐Day Mortality, Median survival, and Hazard ratios (HR) for survival was evaluated. Results: 9017 pts with Clinical stage 1, 1A, 1B PDAC between 2004‐2016 were identified. Of these 7453 pts had surgery followed by AT; and 1564 pts had NAT followed by surgery. There was a statistically significant difference in age (66.0±9.9 years for AT vs. 64.7±9.78 years for NAT, p < 0.001) but no difference in Charlson Comorbidity Scoring (p = 0.618) or sex (p = 0.073). 90‐Day Mortality was 0.35% in the AT group compared to 0.83% in the NAT group (p = < 0.001). Median survival was 28.5 (95% CI 26.5‐29.9) months in the NAT group compared to 25.4 (95% CI 24.7‐26.1) months in the AT group. With AT as the reference group for survival, there was a HR of 0.904 (95% CI 0.845‐0.968, p = 0.003) for NAT. Conclusions: In this retrospective cohort of patients, NAT was associated with increased overall survival. However, NAT was associated with an increased 90 day mortality. A randomized, controlled trial is necessary to further support the superiority of NAT in the management of stage 1 PDAC.
Randomized Phase II Trial of Immediate Surgery ComparedWith Neoadjuvant Gemcitabine Plus Capecitabine (GEMCAP) or FOLFIRINOX or Chemoradiotherapy (CRT) in PatientsWith Borderline Resectable Pancreatic Cancer; Background: Patients with borderline resectable pancreatic cancer have poor survival and low resection rates. Neoadjuvant therapy may improve the outcome for these patients. The aim of this trial was to determine the feasibility and efficacy of a comparison of immediate surgery versus neoadjuvant GEMCAP or FOLFIRINOX or CRT. Methods: Eligible patients with NCCN defined borderline resectable and biopsy proven pancreatic cancer were randomised to receive immediate surgery, or neoadjuvant therapy of either 2 cycles of GEMCAP, or 4 cycles of FOLFIRINOX or 50.4Gy capecitabine‐based CRT in 28 daily fractions over 5 weeks and then surgery. Resected patients received adjuvant therapy. Follow up was 12 months. Primary endpoints were recruitment rate and resection rate (R1/R0). Secondary endpoints included overall survival and toxicity. A target of 90 patients was set to determine feasibility and resection rates. Analyses are on an ITT basis. Results: Between August 2014 and December 2018, 90 patients were randomized, 88 included in the full analysis set (32 immediate surgery, 20GEMCAP, 20 FOLFIRINOX, 16 CRT). Median age was 63 years, 44% were men.WHO performance status was 0 and 1 in 45% and 55% respectively. 44 (79%) patients completed neoadjuvant therapy. Recruitment rate was 21 patients per year. Resection rate was 62% for immediate surgery and 55% for neoadjuvant therapy (P = 0.668). R0 resection rate was 15% and 23% respectively (P = 0.721). One year survival rate was 40% [95% CI, 26%‐62%] for immediate surgery and 77% [95% CI, 66%‐89%] for neoadjuvant therapy. Log‐rank analysis showed an HR, 0.27 [95% CI, 0.13‐0.55]; χ2 (1) = 14.91, P < 0.001. 9 out of the 51 neoadjuvant patients included in the safety set reported 12 serious adverse events of grade 3 or above. Conclusions: Therewas no difference in resection rate between arms, however neoadjuvant therapy had a significant survival benefit compared with immediate surgery.
Clinical study of neoadjuvant therapy used in borderline resectable pancreatic cancer; INTERVENTION: Group mFOLFIRNOX:Perform chemotherapy with mFOLFIRNOX;Group GEM & 5‐FU:Perform chemotherapy with GEM and 5‐FU;Group GEM & Abraxane: Perform chemotherapy with GEM and Abraxane; CONDITION: pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: Operation rate of each group; SECONDARY OUTCOME: R0 resection rate Operation rate of each group;Lymph node negative rate of each group;curative effect of each group;progression‐free survival;overall survival;perioperative condition;Toxic side effects of chemotherapy drugs; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Preoperative diagnosis of pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma was confirmed based on clinical symptoms, imaging examinations, tumor markers and other auxiliary examinations or biopsy results; 2. According to the NCCN guideline (2016), the inclusion PDAC is borderline resectable pancreatic cancer via preoperative imaging examinations. Arterial status: Pancreatic head or uncinate process: solid tumor contact with common hepatic artery (CHA) without extension to celiac axis or hepatic artery bifurcation allowing for safe and complete resection and reconstruction; solid tumor contact with the SMA of =180 degree; solid tumor contact with variant arterial anatomy (ex: accessory right hepatic artery, replaced right hepatic artery, replaced CHA and the origin of replaced or accessory artery) and the presence and degree of tumor contact should be noted if present. Pancreatic body/tail: solid tumor contact with the celiac axis (CA) of =180 degree; solid tumor
High thromboembolic event rate in patients with locally advanced oesophageal cancer during neoadjuvant therapy. An exploratory analysis of the prospective, randomised intergroup phase III trial SAKK 75/08; Background: High rates of venous thromboembolic events (VTEs), mainly in advanced disease, are reported for patients with cancer of the upper gastrointestinal tract (stomach, pancreas) and for treatment with cisplatin. Methods: Exploratory analysis of VTEs reported as adverse events and serious adverse events in a prospective, randomised, multicentre, multimodal phase III trial according to VTEs reported as adverse events and severe adverse events. Patients with resectable oesophageal cancer (T2N1‐3, T3‐4aNx) were randomized to 2 cycles of chemotherapy with docetaxel 75 mg/m2, cisplatin 75 mg/m2 followed by chemo‐radiotherapy (CRT) and subsequent surgery (control arm) or the same treatment with addition of cetuximab (investigational arm). Results: VTEs occurred in 26 of 300 patients included in the trial, resulting in an incidence rate (IR) of 8.7% [95% CI 5.7‐12.4%]. A total of 29 VTEs were reported:13 (45%) VTEs were grade 2, 13 (45%) grade 3 and three (10%) fatal grade 5 events. 72% (21/29) of all VTEs occurred preoperatively (IR 6.7%): 14% (4/29) during chemotherapy and 59% (17/29) during CRT. In multivariable logistic regression only adenocarcinoma (IR 11.1%, 21/189 patients) compared to squamous cell cancer (IR 4.5%, 5/111 patients) was significantly associated with VTE‐risk during treatment, OR 2.9 [95%CI 1.0‐8.4], p = 0.046. Baseline Khorana risk score was 0 in 73% (19/26), 1‐2 in 23% (6/26) and 3 in only 4% (1/26) of patients with VTEs. Conclusion: A high incidence of VTEs during preoperative therapy of resectable oesophageal cancer is observed in this analysis, especially in patients with adenocarcinoma. The role of prophylactic anticoagulation during neoadjuvant therapy in resectable esophageal cancer should be further evaluated in prospective clinical trials. According to our data, which are in line with other analysis of VTE‐risk in patients with oesophageal cancer patients treated with neoadjuvant cisplatin‐based chemotherapy and CRT, prophylactic anticoagluation could be considered balanced against individual bleeding risks, especially in patients with adenocarcinoma. In addition to the established risk factors, oesophageal adenocarcinoma treated with neoadjuvant cisplatin‐based therapy may be regarded as a high‐risk situation for VTEs. Trial registration: Registered at clinicaltrials.gov, NCT01107639, on 21 April 2010,
Real-world evidence of adjuvant gemcitabine plus capecitabine vs gemcitabine monotherapy for pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma; The added value of capecitabine to adjuvant gemcitabine monotherapy (GEM) in pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) was shown by the ESPAC‐4 trial. Real‐world data on the effectiveness of gemcitabine plus capecitabine (GEMCAP), in patients ineligible for mFOLFIRINOX, are lacking. Our study assessed whether adjuvant GEMCAP is superior to GEM in a nationwide cohort. Patients treated with adjuvant GEMCAP or GEM after resection of PDAC without preoperative treatment were identified from The Netherlands Cancer Registry (2015‐2019). The primary outcome was overall survival (OS), measured from start of chemotherapy. The treatment effect of GEMCAP vs GEM was adjusted for sex, age, performance status, tumor size, lymph node involvement, resection margin and tumor differentiation in a multivariable Cox regression analysis. Secondary outcome was the percentage of patients who completed the planned six adjuvant treatment cycles. Overall, 778 patients were included, of whom 21.1% received GEMCAP and 78.9% received GEM. The median OS was 31.4 months (95% CI 26.8‐40.7) for GEMCAP and 22.1 months (95% CI 20.6‐25.0) for GEM (HR: 0.71, 95% CI 0.56‐0.90; logrank P =.004). After adjustment for prognostic factors, survival remained superior for patients treated with GEMCAP (HR: 0.73, 95% CI 0.57‐0.92, logrank P =.009). Survival with GEMCAP was superior to GEM in most subgroups of prognostic factors. Adjuvant chemotherapy was completed in 69.5% of the patients treated with GEMCAP and 62.7% with GEM (P =.11). In this nationwide cohort of patients with PDAC, adjuvant GEMCAP was associated with superior survival as compared to GEM monotherapy and number of cycles was similar.
Neoadjuvant radiation therapy concurrent with S-1 followed by systemic S-1/Gemcitabine therapy for Borderline resectable pancreatic cancer patients; A pilot study; INTERVENTION: Concurrent radiotherapy with S‐1: S‐1(80mg/m2) on the irradiated day, Radiotherapy; a total dose of 50.4 Gy in 28 fractions. S‐1+gemcitabine: Gemcitabine(1000mg/m2) is given by intravenous infusion over 30 min on days 1, 8. S‐1(80mg/m2) is given orally for 14 days followed by 1‐week rest. This cycle was repeated 6 cycles. CONDITION: pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: completion rate SECONDARY OUTCOME: R0 resection rate , pathological response rate , survival rate, Response rate, adverse effect INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1) Pathologically or cytologically or diagnostic imaging proven diagnosis of pancreatic cancer 2) Definition of a Borderline respectable pancreatic cancer is filled in NCCN guidelines 2012 pancreatic adenocarcinoma 3) Patients of age =>20 and 75=> 4) Performance Status: 0‐1(ECOG) 5) Patients who have not undergone chemotherapy and/or radiotherapy 6) All pancreas lesions and lymphnode metastases are included in the radiation field, 10 x 10 cm 7) Adequate oral intake 8) Biliary drainage was applied adequately in patients with obstructive jaundice 9) Without obvious direct invasion to digestive tract 10) Sufficient organ functions 14 days before registration 11) Written informed consent
Radical antegrade modular pancreatosplenectomy (RAMPS) versus standard retrograde pancreatosplenectomy (SRPS) for resectable body and tail pancreatic adenocarcinoma: protocol of a multicenter, prospective, randomized phase III control trial (CSPAC-3); Background: Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) is a highly aggressive malignancy. Radical surgical resection offers the only potential cure. There is increasing agreement that radical antegrade modular pancreatosplenectomy (RAMPS) may benefit patients with tumors in the body and tail of the pancreas. To address this, the Chinese Study Group for Pancreatic Cancer (CSPAC)‐3 trial is proposed to compare the effect of RAMPS and standard retrograde pancreatosplenectomy (SRPS) on patient survival and preoperative safety Methods: The randomized controlled trial will be multicenter and two‐armed with blinded outcomes and intention‐to‐treat analysis. Three hundred patients with resectable body and tail pancreatic adenocarcinoma will be enrolled and randomly assigned to RAMPS or SRPS. Adjuvant chemotherapy based on an initial regimen will be recommended 4–6 weeks after surgery if no serious complication occurs. The hypothesis that RAMPS improves survival outcomes compared with SRPS will be tested using a superiority trial. The primary outcome will be overall survival (OS). Secondary outcomes will include recurrence‐free survival (RFS), R0 resection rate, the number of harvested lymph nodes, postoperative complications, and quality of life scores. Discussion: The use of RAMPS has increased over the past decade. It is reported that RAMPS is superior to SRPS in improving both the rate of R0 resection and lymph node yield. Despite these advantages, however, there is little high‐level documentation of the superiority of RAMPS in terms of survival and this needs to be investigated. To address this issue, CSPAC has instigated the first prospective, randomized phase III control trials, aiming to explore the optimal surgical strategy for improving the prognosis and OS of patients with left‐sided pancreatic cancer Trial registration Chinese Clinical Trial Registry ChiCTR2100053844; pre‐results. Registered on December 1, 2021.
Predictive value of computed tomography on surgical resectability in locally advanced pancreatic cancer treated with multiagent induction chemotherapy: results from a prospective, multicentre phase 2 trial (NEOLAP-AIO-PAK-0113); Purpose: To assess the role of current imaging‐based resectability criteria and the degree of radiological downsizing in locally advanced pancreatic adenocarcinoma (LAPC) after multiagent induction chemotherapy (ICT) in multicentre, open‐label, randomized phase 2 trial. Method: LAPC patients were prospectively treated with multiagent ICT followed by surgical exploration within the NEOLAP trial. All patients underwent CT scan at baseline and after ICT to assess resectability status according to national comprehensive cancer network guidelines (NCCN) criteria and response evaluation criteria in solid tumors (RECIST) at the local study center and retrospectively in a central review. Imaging results were compared in terms of local and central staging, downsizing and pathological resection status. Results: 83 patients were evaluable for central review of baseline and restaging imaging results. Downstaging by central review was rarely seen after multiagent ICT (7.7%), whereas tumor downsizing was documented frequently (any downsizing 90.4%, downsizing to partial response (PR) according to RECIST: 26.5%). Patients with any downsizing showed no significant different R0 resection rate (37.3%) as patients that fulfilled the criteria of PR (40.9%). The sensitivity of any downsizing for predicting R0 resection was 97% with a negative predictive value (NPV) of 0.88. ROC‐analysis revealed that tumor downsizing was a predictor of R0 resection (AUC 0.647, p = 0.028) with a best cut‐off value of 22.5% downsizing yielding a sensitivity of 65% and a specificity of 61%. Conclusions: Imaging‐based tumor downsizing and not downstaging can guide the selection of patients with a realistic chance of R0‐resection in LAPC after multi‐agent ICT.
Long-term outocomes of preoperative chemoradiation therapy with gemcitabine and accelerated hyperfractionated radiation for respectable pancreatic cancer; 42nd Annual Meeting of the American Society of Clinical Oncology, Atlanta,GA, 2‐6 June, 2006
A phase II trial of neoadjuvant chemotherapy using GSL (GEM+TS-1+LV) for borderline resectable and locally advanced unresectable pancreatic cancer; Background The impact of neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NAC) for locally marginally resectable pancreatic cancer is under debate. A phase II trial of neoadjuvant chemotherapy for borderline resectable (BR) and locally advanced unresectable (LA‐UR) pancreatic cancer is undergoing since Jan 2014 (UMIN000012480) using GSL (Gemcitabine 1000mg/m2, TS‐1 80mg/m2, LV 50mg), which have reported favorable results (33% of response rate, 93% of disease control rate and 16.6 months of median survival time) for unresectable pancreatic cancer (Cancer Chemother Pharmacol 2014; 74:911). Methods The subjects were pathologically proven pancreatic cancer diagnosed with BR and LA‐UR with short‐segment (=/<3cm) arterial abutment. At least two surgeons, two medical oncologists, and one radiologist joined a consensus meeting to decide the indication of NAC and evaluated the efficacy of NAC every month. Patients with CR, PR or SD after 2‐6 months NAC underwent curative surgery combined with dissection of the nerve plexus around major arteries. The primary endpoint was R0 resectional rate, and the secondary endpoints were resectional rate, response rate, adverse effect, surgical morbidity, mortality, operative time and hospital stay period. The proposed number of enrollment was 24 patients. Results Twenty‐four out of proposed 24 patients have undergone enrollment of NAC at the time of submission of the present abstract. Conclusion The primary endpoint of R0 resection rate, secondary endpoints and other short‐term outcomes after pancreatectomy will be presented in the coming meeting as well as the safety and efficacy of NAC‐GSL for BR and LA‐UR pancreatic cancer.
A double-blind randomized phase II study of AHCC for patients with resectable / borderline resectable pancreatic cancer; INTERVENTION: AHCC group: AHCC (1.0g, 3 times per day) is given daily and also continued during preoperative and adjuvant chemotherapy, until 2‐years after operation. Placebo group: Placebo(1.0g, 3 times per day) is given daily and also continued during preoperative and adjuvant chemotherapy, until 2‐years after operation. CONDITION: Pancreatic cancer ; Pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: 2‐year disease‐free survival rate SECONDARY OUTCOME: completion rate and dose intensity of preoperative chemotherapy; response rate of preoperative chemotherapy; decreasing rate of tumor marker (CA 19‐9, CEA) during preoperative chemotherapy; entry rate, completion rate, and dose intensity of adjuvant chemotherapy; safety of the protocol therapy (adverse effect); 2‐year overall survival rate; nutrition score at pre‐ and post preoperative chemotherapy, and pre‐ and post adjuvant chemotherapy such as neutrophil to lymphocyte ratio, prognostic nutrition index, C‐reactive protein to albumin ratio, modified Glasgow prognostic score, platelet to lymphocyte ratio INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1.Histologically proven invasive ductal carcinoma of the pancreas (adenocarcinoma, adenosquamous carcinoma), resectable (R) or borderline resectable (BR‐A, BR‐V) in General Rules for the Study of Pancreatic Cancer (the 7th Edition) 2.Patients who undergo preoperative chemotherapy 3.Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group performance status of 0 or 1 4.Adequate bone marrow, liver, and kidney function in measurements taken within 14 days before registration (leucocyte count >= 3000 cells per mm3 and <= 12 000 cells per mm3; leucocyte count >= 2000 cells per mm3; haemoglobin concentration >= 8.0 g/dL; platelet count >= 100 000 cells per mm3; total bilirubin <= 2.0 mg/dL (3.0 mg/dL for patients with biliary stent); aspartate aminotransferase (AST) and alanine aminotransferase (ALT) concentrations <= 150 IU/L; serum creatinine concentrations <= 1.2 mg/dL; creatinine clearance >= 50mL/min 5.Possibility of adequate oral intake 6.Provide written informed consent<b
Randomized phase II/III trial of neoadjuvant chemotherapy with gemcitabine and S-1 versus upfront surgery for resectable pancreatic cancer (Prep-02/JSAP- 05); Background: Despite improvements of postoperative adjuvant therapy for resected pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC), its prognosis remains poor. A randomized controlled trial has begun to compare neoadjuvant chemotherapy using gemcitabine and S1 (NACGS) with upfront surgery (Up‐S) for patients with PDAC planned resection. Methods: Patients were enrolled after the diagnosis of resectable PDAC with histological confirmation. They were randomly assigned as either NAC‐GS or Up‐S. In NAC‐GS, gemcitabine was provided at a dose of 1 g/m2on day 1 and 8 and oral S‐1 was administered at a dose of 40 mg/m2twice daily on 1‐14 days. Patients received 2 cycles of this regimen. S‐1 adjuvant for 6 months was administered for the patients with curative resection and fully recovered within 10 weeks after surgery in both arms. The primary endpoint for the phase III part was overall survival (OS); secondary endpoints included adverse events, resection rate, recurrence‐free survival, residual tumor status, nodal metastases, and tumor marker kinetics. The target sample size required 163 patients (α‐error 0.05; power 0.8) in each arm. The trial was conducted by the Health Labor Sciences Research Grant (H22‐009) of Japan and registered with the UMIN Clinical Trials Registry as UMIN000009634. Results: From January 2013 to January 2016, 364 patients were enrolled in 57 centers (182 to NAC‐GS and 182 to Up‐S). Of these, two were excluded because of ineligibility, therefore 182 patients in NAC‐GS and 180 in Up‐S constituted the ITT analysis‐set. The median OS was 36.7 months in NAC‐GS and 26.6 months in Up‐S; HR 0.72 (95% confidential interval 0.55‐0.94; p=0.015 [stratified log‐rank test]). Grade 3 or 4 adverse events frequently (72.8%) observed in NAC‐GS were leukopenia or neutropenia. However, the resection rate, R0 resection rate, and morbidity of the operation were equivalent in the two groups. There was no perioperative mortality in either group. Conclusions: This phase III study demonstrated the significant survival benefits of NAC‐GS treatment. Therefore, the results indicated that neoadjuvant chemotherapy could be a new standard for patients with resectable PDAC.
Multidetector CT of pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma: effect of tube voltage and iodine load on tumour conspicuity and image quality; OBJECTIVES: To compare a low‐tube‐voltage with or without high‐iodine‐load multidetector CT (MDCT) protocol with a normal‐tube‐voltage, normal‐iodine‐load (standard) protocol in patients with pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) with respect to tumour conspicuity and image quality. METHODS: Thirty consecutive patients (mean age: 66 years, men/women: 14/16) preoperatively underwent triple‐phase 64‐channel MDCT examinations twice according to: (i) 120‐kV standard protocol (PS; 0.75 g iodine (I)/kg body weight, n = 30) and (ii) 80‐kV protocol A (PA; 0.75 g I/kg, n = 14) or protocol B (PB; 1 g I/kg, n = 16). Two independent readers evaluated tumour delineation and image quality blindly for all protocols. A third reader estimated the pancreas‐to‐tumour contrast‐to‐noise ratio (CNR). Statistical analysis was performed with the Chi‐square test. RESULTS: Tumour delineation was significantly better in PB and PA compared with PS (P = 0.02). The evaluation of image quality was similar for the three protocols (all, P > 0.05). The highest CNR was observed with PB and was significantly better compared to PA (P = 0.02) and PS (P = 0.0002). CONCLUSION: In patients with PDAC, a low‐tube‐voltage, high‐iodine‐load protocol improves tumour delineation and CNR leading to higher tumour conspicuity compared to standard protocol MDCT. KEY POINTS: • Low‐tube‐voltage high‐iodine‐load MDCT improves pancreatic cancer conspicuity compared to a standard protocol. • The pancreas‐to‐tumour attenuation difference increases significantly by reducing the tube voltage. • The radiation exposure dose decreases by reducing the tube voltage.
GRECO-2: a randomized, phase 2 study of stereotactic body radiation therapy (SBRT) in combination with GC4711 in the treatment of unresectable or borderline resectable nonmetastatic pancreatic cancer (PC); Background: While systemic treatment of PC has improved, rates of surgical resection ‐ considered optimum treatment ‐ remain low. Patients with un‐resectable or borderline PC still have poor outcomes, with both toxicity and disease progression during induction chemotherapy limiting the number eligible for surgery. SBRT practice to enhance margin negative resection or to provide local control, if inoperable after neoadjuvant therapy, has shifted to higher dose delivery (Mellon 2015, Colbert 2018), but timing and appropriate patient selection are under constant debate. SBRT delivery over 50Gy exhibits superior cell killing compared to conventionally fractionated RT but carries potential GI toxicity risk (Zhong 2017). GC4711 is a selective superoxide dismutase mimetic that converts superoxide to hydrogen peroxide. As radiation response modifiers, dismutase mimetics have the potential to increase tumor control without compromising radiation safety (Sishc, AACR 2019). GC4711 consistently augmented tumor control by SBRT in PC experimental xenograft mouse models. In a pilot phase 1/2 trial (GC4419‐101), subjects with locally advanced PC were randomized to receive SBRT plus either the selective dismutase mimetic GC4419 or placebo. This pilot trial has demonstrated acceptable safety with SBRT (5 × 10‐11Gy), as well as apparent improvements in survival, surgical resection, locoregional control, and time to distant metastases. Altogether, these data support the hypothesis that GC4711 may improve tumor outcomes and the benefit‐risk ratio of 5‐fraction SBRT delivering 50Gy by improving efficacy without increasing GItoxicity. Methods: GRECO‐2 is a phase 2, multicenter, randomized, double‐blind, placebocontrolled study to determine the effect on overall survival of adding GC4711 to SBRT following 4 months of chemotherapy in subjects with un‐resectable or borderline non‐metastatic PC. Approximately 160 subjects will be enrolled at over 20 sites to receive GC4711 100 mg or placebo IV given as IV infusion over 15 min, prior to each of 5 SBRT fractions of 10Gy). Subjects judged operable will be explored within 8 weeks after SBRT. All subjects will complete 2 additional months of adjuvant chemotherapy. Primary end point is overall survival and secondary endpoints address resection rates, local and distant disease progression, and safety, while exploratory studies include ctDNA, tumor exome/transcriptome sequencing, and immune profiling, patient‐reported symptoms (PROCTCAE), CA19.9 normalization, and radiomics.
The pilot study of neoadjuvant chemotherapy of FIRINOX for patients with borderline resectable pancreatic cancer; INTERVENTION: neoadjuvant chemotherapy 4 courses of FIRINOX L‐OHP 85mg/m2 administration CPT‐11 150mg/m2 administration 5‐FU 2,400mg/m2 46hours infusion neoadjuvant chemotherapy 8 courses of FIRINOX L‐OHP 85mg/m2 administration CPT‐11 150mg/m2 administration 5‐FU 2,400mg/m2 46hours infusion CONDITION: Invasive ductal carcinoma PRIMARY OUTCOME: (1)Adverse event SECONDARY OUTCOME: (1)R0 resection rate; (2)Resection rate; (3)Optimal number of courses administration of neoadjuvant chemotherapy; (4)Optimal duration of surgery to perform from neoadjuvant chemotherapy INCLUSION CRITERIA: (1)Pathologically proven invasive pancreatic ductal carcinoma (2)Cases that meet the definition of borderline resectable pancreatic cancer 1) or 2) 1) Definition of a borderline resectable pancreatic cancer is filledin NCCN guideline version 1.2014 pancreatic adenocarcinoma 2) Patients indicated distal pancreatectomy with en bloc celiac axis resection (3)PS (ECOG) 0‐1 (4)>=20 years old and < 75 years old (5)First line treatment (6)The following criteria must be satisfied in laboratory tests within 14 days of registration White blood cell count <=12,000/mm3 Neutrophil count >=1,500/mm3 Platelet count >=100,000mm3 Total bilirubin <2.0mg/dL Serum Creatinine <=upper limits of normal(ULN) AST,ALT<= 2.5xULN Albumin>=3.0g/dL Hemoglobin>=9.0g/dL (7)Written informed consent to participate in this study (8)Pancreatic head carcinoma without biliary drainage
AG vs mFOLFIRINOX as Neoadjuvant Therapy for Borderline Reseactable and Locally Advanced Pancreatic Cancer; Three hundred patients with borderline resectable and locally advanced pancreatic cancer will be randomized 1:1 (150 :150) to the AG and mFOLFIRINOX chemotherapy groups and to observe the overall survival. The AG regimen: albumin‐bound paclitaxel and gemcitabine are given intravenous infusion, repeated every 4 weeks for 1, 8, and 15 days, for a total of 4 to 6 cycles. MFOLFIRINOX: Intravenous oxaliplatin for 2 hours, day 1;Intravenous infusion of calcium formyl tetrahydrofolate (LV) for 2 h, day 1;Irinotecan intravenous infusion is added 30 minutes later for 90 minutes, day 1;Intravenous infusion of 5‐fluorouracil (5‐FU) continued for 46 hours.Repeat every 2 weeks for a total of 4‐6 cycles. After neoadjuvant chemotherapy, the surgery will be evaluated according to the patient's tumor and systemic condition. The first cycle of adjuvant chemotherapy begins 4‐8 weeks after radical resection, and the choice of adjuvant chemotherapy regimen depends on the response to neoadjuvant chemotherapy.If neoadjuvant chemotherapy is effective, adjuvant chemotherapy maintains the original regimen.Adjuvant chemotherapy has 4 cycles of treatment. Relevant examinations were performed before and after each cycle of medication to assess safety events, imaging review was performed every 2 cycles during the treatment period and every 3 months during the follow‐up period.
Improved oncologic outcomes for minimally invasive left pancreatectomy: propensity-score matched analysis of the National Cancer Database; Background and objectives: Minimally invasive (MIS) left pancreatectomy (LP) is increasingly used to treat pancreatic adenocarcinoma (PDAC). Despite improved short‐term outcomes, no studies have demonstrated long‐term benefits over open resection. Methods: The National Cancer Database was queried between 2010 and 2016 for patients with PDAC, grouped by surgical approach (MIS vs open). Demographics, comorbidities, clinical staging, and pathologic staging were used for propensity‐score matching. Perioperative, short‐term oncologic, and survival outcomes were compared. Results: After matching, both cohorts included 805 patients. There were no differences in baseline characteristics, staging, or preoperative therapy between cohorts. The MIS cohort had a shorter length of stay (6.8 ± 5.5 vs 8.5 ± 7.3 days; P <.0001) with the trend toward improved time to chemotherapy (53.9 ± 26.1 vs 57.9 ± 29.9 days; P =.0511) and margin‐positive resection rate (15.3% vs 18.9%; P =.0605). Lymph node retrieval and receipt of chemotherapy were similar. The MIS cohort had higher median overall survival (28.0 vs 22.1 months; P =.0067). Subgroup analysis demonstrated the highest survival for robotic compared with laparoscopic and open LP (41.9 vs 26.6 vs 22.1 months; P <.0001). Conclusions: This study demonstrates the safety of MIS LP and favorable long‐term oncologic outcomes. The improved survival after MIS LP warrants further study with prospective, randomized trials.
A Randomized Phase II Preoperative Study of Autophagy Inhibition with High-Dose Hydroxychloroquine and Gemcitabine/Nab-Paclitaxel in Pancreatic Cancer Patients; PURPOSE: We hypothesized that autophagy inhibition would increase response to chemotherapy in the preoperative setting for patients with pancreatic adenocarcinoma. We performed a randomized controlled trial to assess the autophagy inhibitor hydroxychloroquine in combination with gemcitabine and nab‐paclitaxel. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Participants with potentially resectable tumors were randomized to two cycles of nab‐paclitaxel and gemcitabine (PG) alone or with hydroxychloroquine (PGH), followed by resection. The primary endpoint was histopathologic response in the resected specimen. Secondary clinical endpoints included serum CA 19‐9 biomarker response and margin negative R0 resection. Exploratory endpoints included markers of autophagy, immune infiltrate, and serum cytokines. RESULTS: Thirty‐four patients in the PGH arm and 30 in the PG arm were evaluable for the primary endpoint. The PGH arm demonstrated statistically improved Evans grade histopathologic responses (P = 0.00016), compared with control. In patients with elevated CA 19‐9, a return to normal was associated with improved overall and recurrence‐free survival (P < 0.0001). There were no differences in serious adverse events between arms and chemotherapy dose number was equivalent. The PGH arm had greater evidence of autophagy inhibition in their resected specimens (increased SQSTM1, P = 0.027, as well as increased immune cell tumor infiltration, P = 0.033). Overall survival (P = 0.59) and relapse‐free survival (P = 0.55) did not differ between the two arms. CONCLUSIONS: The addition of hydroxychloroquine to preoperative gemcitabine and nab‐paclitaxel chemotherapy in patients with resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma resulted in greater pathologic tumor response, improved serum biomarker response, and evidence of autophagy inhibition and immune activity.
Computer simulated comparison of neoadjuvant versus upfront surgery for resectable pancreatic cancer: the application of machine-learning algorithms to support personalised decision-making; Aims: To create a hybrid discrete event simulation (DES) model that performs patient‐level decision‐analysis of neoadjuvant versus upfront surgery for resectable PDAC. Methods: A hybrid DES model was created using TreeAgePro software to simulate 10000 patients with resectable PDAC treated in neoadjuvant and upfront surgery pathways. Model probabilities were drawn from the entirety of the data distributions contained within randomised‐controlled‐trials and prospective phase II/III trials, as determined by the Anderson‐Darling statistic, for each parameter contained within the model. Model outcomes were validated against a prospectively maintained patient database. Results: Neoadjuvant pathway gave 20.01months versus 16.55months in upfront surgery pathway with a superior pathway selection frequency 40.6% and pathway indifference frequency 59.4%. Threshold analysis showed that the probability of resection and R0 resection in the neoadjuvant pathway had to be greater than 38% and 15.4% respectively for neoadjuvant pathway to be superior. Patients in the neoadjuvant pathway that did not proceed to resection had an expected incremental value of 1.5‐5.5months over a resection probability range of 47‐94% if treated within upfront surgery pathway. Implementation of PRODIGE trial results showed upfront surgery to be superior if the probability of resection and receiving adjuvant therapy within the upfront surgery pathway was greater than 54% and 8% respectively. Conclusion: This study suggests that superior pathway selection depends on individual patient factors. Future research must focus on harnessing advances in computational statistics to support better decision‐making through personalised predictive medicine that can engage with real‐world practice where, unlike in randomised‐controlled‐trials, complexity cannot be controlled for.
Phase II study of modified FOLFIRINOX as neoadjuvant chemotherapy for borderline resectable pancreatic cancer and locally advanced unresectable pancreatic cancer; INTERVENTION: To investigate the safety and efficacy of mFOLFIRINOX for patients with borderline resectable pancreatic cancer and locally advanced unresectable pancreatic cancer. CONDITION: borderline resectable pancreatic cancer and locally advanced unresectable pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: R0 resection rate SECONDARY OUTCOME: resection rate, response rate, histological effect, 2‐year survival, relapse free survival, feasibility, dose intensity, relative dose intensity, postoperative complication, safety INCLUSION CRITERIA: (1). Cytologically proved pancreatic adenocarcinoma or adenosquamous carcinoma; the case thought to be invasive pancreatic duct cancer. (2). Borderline resectable pancreatic cancer or locally advanced unresectable pancreatic cancer. (3). Metastatic pancreatic cancer with measurable lesion according to RECIST ver.1.1 (4). Age 20‐75 years (5). ECOG Performance Status (PS) 0‐1 (6). Life expectancy of at least 12 weeks (7). Meets the following criteria within 7days before enrollment absolute neutrophil count<2,000/uL, platelet count<100,000/uL, hemoglobin<9 g,/dL, white blood cell count<10,000/uL, bilirubin < ULN, AST and ALT < 2.5 X ULN, CRP<2.0mg/dl (8). Written informed consent
Phase II trial of preoperative modified FOLFIRINOX (mFOLFIRINOX) followed by postoperative gemcitabine (GEM) in patients (pts) with borderline resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinomas (BR-PDAC); Background: mFOLFIRINOX and GEM are standard chemotherapy for metastatic and resected PDAC, respectively. This phase 2 trial assessed the efficacy and safety of perioperative chemotherapy consisted of preoperative mFOLFIRINOX and postoperative GEM in pts with BR‐PDAC. Methods: Pts with histologically proven and radiologically confirmed BR‐PDAC as defined by NCCN criteria were eligible. Pts received 8 cycles of preoperative mFOLFIRINOX (oxaliplatin 85 mg/m2 , irinotecan 180 mg/m2 , 5‐FU 2,400 mg/m2 over 46 hours, and leucovorin 400 mg/m2 ), every 2 weeks. For pts who underwent surgery, postoperative GEM (1,000 mg/m2 D1, 8, 15, every 4 weeks) was given for 6 cycles. Primary endpoint was 1‐year progression‐free survival (PFS) rate and secondary endpoints were PFS, overall survival (OS) and curative surgery rate. A total of 44 pts were required to show the improvement in 1‐year PFS rates from 30% to 50% with a twosided alpha of 0.05, beta of 0.8 and dropout rates of 10%. Results: Between May/2016 and Mar/2018, 44 patients were enrolled. Median age was 60 years (range, 3576) and 26 pts (59%) were male. Pancreas head was most common site (n = 26, 59%). With mFOLFIRINOX, response rate was 34% and surgery was done in 27 patients (61%); 22 and 5 patients achieved R0 and R1 resection, respectively, and postoperative GEM was given in 24 patients (89%). With median follow‐up of 16.6 months (95% CI, 10.9‐22.2), 12 year PFS rate was 51.7% (95% CI, 35.2‐68.2), and median PFS and OS was 13.0 months (95% CI, 7.71‐8.4), and 14.3 months (95% CI, not available), respectively. PFS and OS were significantly differed according to the surgery (p < 0.001 for both) and response to mFOLFIRINOX (p < 0.001 and p = 0.03, respectively). Relative dose intensities of irinotecan, oxaliplatin and 5‐FU were > 77% during mFOLFIRINOX. Grade 3‐4 neutropenia (55%), anemia (14%), nausea (11%), and diarrhea (7%) were most common severe toxicities and 3 pts (7%) discontinued mFOLFIRINOX due to the toxicities. Conclusions:Perioperative chemotherapy using mFOLFIRINOX and GEM were feasible and effective for pts with BR‐PDAC. Future randomized trial is warranted.
New Biomarkers to Define a Biological Borderline Situation for Pancreatic Adenocarcinoma: results of an Ancillary Study of the PANACHE01-PRODIGE48 Trial; OBJECTIVE: To investigate in patients treated for a resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma [pancreatic adenocarcinoma (PA)], the prognostic value of baseline carbohydrate antigen 19.9 (CA19‐9) and circulating tumor DNA (ctDNA) for overall survival (OS), to improve death risk stratification, based on a planned ancillary study from PANACHE01‐PRODIGE 48 trial. BACKGROUND: Biological borderline situation that was first used by the MD Anderson, became a standard practice following the international consensus conference in 2016 to manage PA. Regarding the risk of systemic disease, especially in the setting of "markedly elevated" CA19‐9, neoadjuvant therapy is advised to avoid unnecessary surgery, with a risk of early recurrence. To best define biological borderline situations, new biomarkers are needed. METHODS: Characteristics at diagnosis and OS were compared between patients with or without ctDNA status available. OS was estimated with the Kaplan‐Meier method and compared with a log‐rank test. The restricted cubic spline approach was used to identify the optimal threshold for biological parameters for death risk stratification. Univariate and multivariate Cox proportional hazard models were estimated to assess the association of ctDNA status and other parameters with OS. RESULTS: Among the 132 patients from the primary population for analysis in the PANACHE01 ‐PRODIGE 48 trial, 92(71%) were available for ctDNA status at diagnosis. No selection bias was identified between patients with or without ctDNA status. Fourteen patients (15%) were ctDNA+ and exhibited a higher risk for death [ P = 0.0188; hazard ratio (95% CI): 2.28 (1.12‐4.63)]. In the 92 patients with ctDNA status available among the other parameters analyzed, only CA19‐9 was statically associated with OS in univariate analysis. Patients with a log of CA19‐9 equal or superior to 4.4 that corresponds to a CA19‐9 of 80 UI/mL were identified at higher risk for death [ P = 0.0143; hazard ratio (95% CI): 2.2 (1.15‐4.19)]. In multivariate analysis, CA19‐19 remained independently associated with OS ( P = 0.0323). When combining the 2 biomarkers, the median OS was 19.4 [IC 95%: 3.8‐not reached (NR)] months, 30.2 (IC 95%: 17.1‐NR) months and NR (IC 95%: 39.3‐NR) for "CA19‐9 high and ctDNA+ group," "CA19‐9 high or ctDNA+ group," and "CA19‐9 low and ctDNA‐ group," respectively (log‐rank P = 0.0069). CONCLUSIONS: Progress in the management of potentially operable PA remains limited, relying solely on strategies to optimize the sequence of complete treatment, based on modern multidrug chemotherapy (FOLFIRINOX, GemNabPaclitaxel) and surgical resection. The identification of risk criteria, such as the existence of systemic disease, is an important issue, currently referred to as "biological borderline disease." Few data, particularly from prospective studies, allow us to identify biomarkers other than CA19‐9. Combining ctDNA with CA19‐9 could be of interest to best define biological borderline situations in PA.
A propensity-matched analysis of laparoscopic versus open distal pancreatectomy for pancreatic adenocarcinoma; Background: Laparoscopic‐assisted distal pancreatectomy (LDP) has improved perioperative outcomes over open distal pancreatectomy (ODP). Concerns regarding failure to achieve proper oncologic resection and compromised survival remain. Methods: Using the National Cancer Database (NCDB), we analyzed patients undergoing distal pancreatectomy for resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma over a four‐year period (2010‐2014). Propensity score nearest‐neighbor 1:1 matching (PSM) was performed between LDP and ODP patients based on age, sex, race, insurance, hospital volume, comorbidities, T‐stage, N‐stage, grade, neoadjuvant therapy, adjuvant therapy. Primary outcome was overall survival. Results: Of the 1,947 eligible patients, 605 (31%) underwent LDP. After PSM two well‐balanced groups of 544 patients each were analyzed. There was a trend towards improved overall survival (OS) in patients undergoing LDP as compared to ODP (HR: 0.83, 95% CI 0.68‐1.0; Median OS 29 vs. 23 months, p=0.06). Patients undergoing ODP had a higher margin positive rate compared to those undergoing LDP (21.1% vs. 14.9%, p‐value=0.007). Overall conversion rate was 27%. Patients undergoing ODP had comparable outcomes to LDP in regards to median time to chemotherapy (50 vs. 48 days, p‐value=0.96); median nodes examined (12 vs. 12, p‐value=0.61); 30‐day mortality (1.6% vs. 1.1%, p‐value=0.43); 90‐day mortality (3.5% vs. 2.4%, p‐value=0.28); 30‐day readmission rate (8.6% vs. 9.4%, p‐value=0.67). However, the median length of stay was shorter in the LDP group (6 vs. 7 days, p=0.0001). Conclusion: In the absence of randomized trials, this is the largest comparative study demonstrating LDP as an acceptable alternative ODP, associated with a lower margin positive rate and shorter length of stay, and with no detriment in long term survival. (Figure presented).
Randomized controlled trial of intraoperative chemical splanchnicectomy for patients with resected pancreatobiliary malignancies; Introduction: This prospective double‐blind placebo controlled trial studied the benefits of intraoperative celiac neurolysis for durable postoperative pain control, long‐term quality of life and survival for patients with resected pancreatobiliary cancer. Method: Chemotherapy naïve patients undergoing resection for pancreatic adenocarcinoma or distal cholangiocarcinoma were randomized to receive either 50% ethanol (E) or saline (S) injection of the celiac plexus during pancreatoduodenectomy (PD). The primary study endpoint was postoperative pain severity over two years from randomization. Secondary endpoints included pain interference with daily life and overall survival. Results: Patient and disease characteristics between the two treatment groups are summarized in the table. Adverse events related to treatment did not differ between the two groups within 90 days of operation. Postoperative delayed gastric emptying was observed in 4 (14%) pts in the E group compared to 9% in the S group, p = 0.24. The mean pain severity at 12 mos for the E and S groups was 2.12 vs 2.42, p = 0.65, with no significant increases over respective baseline preoperative pain severity. Mean pain interference with daily life did not differ between the two treatments at any 3 month interval over two years. Actual survival for the entire study population at 2 yrs was 35%. Ethanol injection of the celiac plexus did not influence the timing or pattern of tumor recurrence, H.R.1.21, p = 0.57. Conclusions: Intraoperative chemical splanchnicectomy during PD for resectable pancreatobiliary cancer is safe but does not benefit patients with regards to long‐term pain control, pain interference with daily life, or disease‐free survival. [Figure presented]
Pancreatic adenocarcinoma surgery: no difference in circulating tumor cells and recurrence between desflurane and propofol anesthesia. A randomized controlled trial; Background: Several clinical trials have demonstrated the value of cir‐culating tumor cells (CTC) to predict cancer recurrence [1 2]. Little infor‐mation is available for the perioperative phase and the impact of anes‐thesia on CTC. Since volatile anesthetics have immunomodulatory ef‐fects, we hypothesized that desflurane reduces the level of CTC vs. propofol anesthesia in the perioperative phase of resection of pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC), and thereby reduces PDAC recurrence. Methods: A 1:1 randomization to either propofol or desflurane was per‐formed in three Swiss centers with double blinding patients and research personal. Inclusion criteria were age 18‐85 years, ASA I‐III with a resec‐table PDAC undergoing primary surgery with the intent of complete tu‐mor resection. Patients undergoing neoadjuvant radio‐ and/or chemo‐therapy were excluded. CTC were measured using the CellSearch® de‐vice before surgery, 3 and 7 days after surgery, prior to the start of adjuvant chemotherapy (1‐3 months postoperatively), as well as at 6‐and 12‐month follow‐up. Primary endpoint was the peak level of perioperative CTC, secondary endpoint long term levels of CTC and recurrence. This trial was registered with ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT02335151). Mixed mod��els and cox regression with adjustments were calculated. Results: Between October 2016 and September 2019, 83 participants were enrolled into the desflurane (n = 42) or propofol (n = 41) anesthesia arm. Patient characteristics were comparable in both groups. There was no difference in peak CTC count in the perioperative phase (incidence rate ratio (IRR) of desflurane compared to propofol 1.23 [95%CI 0.74‐2.03], p = 0.40). CTC counts from pre‐chemotherapy to 12‐month follow‐up were similar as well (IRR 0.91 desflurane compared to propofol [95%CI 0.55‐1.52], p = 0.70). Time to recurrence was similar for both groups (adjusted HR 0.55 [95%CI 0.19‐1.54], p = 0.30). Conclusions: This is the first prospective randomized controlled trial ad‐dressing the impact of general anesthesia on CTC and recurrence in PDAC, obviating the need for further retrospective data with a higher level of bias. Further prospective studies should address which anes‐thetic interventions actually impact CTC.
Design and methodology of LAPIS, an ongoing, phase III trial of neoadjuvant pamrevlumab (pam) with chemotherapy (CT) in patients (pts) with unresectable, locally advanced pancreatic cancer (LAPC); Background: LAPC is associated with a median overall survival (OS) of 15‐18 mos in contemporary clinical trials. CT is typically the initial treatment, and subsequent surgical resection with curative intent is rare. Pam is a fully human monoclonal antibody that inhibits the effects of connective tissue growth factor. Phase I and II trials (NCT01181245 and NCT02210559) of CT+pam provided the rationale for a Phase III study of pts with LAPC. CT plus pam/placebo (PBO) is being evaluated in the Phase III LAPIS trial (NCT03941093). Objective: LAPIS is evaluating the efficacy and safety of CT+pam/PBO as first‐line/neoadjuvant therapy in unresectable LAPC. Methods: LAPIS is a global, Phase III, PBO‐controlled trial with six cycles of CT+pam/PBO therapy given in a first‐line/neoadjuvant setting, surgical eligibility using protocol‐specific response criteria, surgery, and follow‐up periods, including long‐term follow‐up for OS. Major eligibility criteria include adults (≥18 yrs of age); ECOG PS of 0‐1; histologic/cytologic confirmation of pancreatic cancer; LAPC diagnosis considered unresectable by standard criteria (NCCN v2.2018 and reviewed by central radiology); measurable disease by RECIST v1.1; and treatment‐naïve status. Pts were randomized 1:1 to pam+investigator's choice CT (gemcitabine 1,000 mg/m2+nab‐paclitaxel 125 mg/m2 ; or either FOLFIRINOX [5‐fluoruracil 400 mg/m2+folinic acid/leucovorin 400 mg/m2 ; 5‐ fluoruracil 2,400 mg/m2 ; irinotecan 180 mg/m2 ; oxaliplatin 85 mg/m2 ; or mFOLFIRINOX [folinic acid/leucovorin 400 mg/m2 ; 5‐fluoruracil 2,400 mg/m2 ; irinotecan 180 mg/m2 ; oxaliplatin 85 mg/m2 ]), or CT+PBO, then stratified by unreconstructable disease (yes/no) and geographic region. Pts received six cycles (24 wks) of first‐line therapy prior to surgical eligibility decision. Surgical eligibility was defined per protocol for pts with ≥1 of the following: decline in carbohydrate antigen 19‐9 ≥50%; FDG‐PET value decrease by ≥30%; radiographic downstage to resectable/borderline resectable criteria per NCCN. Surgical recommendation (resect or not) is provided by the central surgical board. Final decisions on surgery remain with site surgeons. Primary endpoint is OS. Key secondary endpoints include event‐free survival [EFS, defined as time to “treatment failure” based on earliest occurrence of 1) failure to achieve local disease‐free status at end of treatment and/or after surgery; 2) local or distant recurrence; or 3) death], progression‐free survival (PFS), and objective response rate (ORR; complete or partial response) by RECIST v 1.1. Safety (including treatment‐emergent adverse events) is evaluated throughout the study, Days 28 and 60 after last CT dose, and Day 90 post‐surgery. LAPIS enrollment is complete (N=284). Study completion is estimated for early 2024.
A single-arm, phase II trial of neoadjuvant gemcitabine and S1 in patients with resectable and borderline resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma: PREP-01 study; Background: Neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NAC) represents a promising alternative to pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) planned resection, but the survival impact remains undefined. To assess the feasibility and survival outcomes of NAC with gemcitabine and S1 (GS) for PDAC planned resection by prospective study. Methods: Patients with resectable or borderline resectable PDAC received 2 cycles of NAC‐GS and were offered curative resection followed by gemcitabine adjuvant. The primary endpoint was 2‐year overall survival (OS). Adverse events during NAC, radiological and tumor marker responses, resection rate, and surgical safety were evaluated as secondary endpoints (UMIN000004148). Results: We enrolled 104 patients between 2010 and 2012, with 101 patients treated using NAC‐GS as the full analysis set (FAS). Of the 101 patients, 88% received the planned 2 cycles of NAC. Grade 3 neutropenia was common (35%). Radiological partial response and decreased carbohydrate antigen 19‐9 concentration (> 50% decrease) were noted in 13% and 41%, respectively. R0/1 resections with M0 were performed in 65 patients without surgical mortality. Of the 65 patients, 44 received planned gemcitabine adjuvant for 6 months as the on‐protocol cohort. The primary endpoint for the 2‐year OS rate was 55.9% in the FAS (n = 101) and 74.6% in the on‐protocol cohort (n = 44). Conclusions: NAC‐GS was feasible and actively prolonged survival following PDAC planned resection. Randomized control trials are needed to further clarify the survival benefit of NAC‐GS in addition to surgery followed by adjuvant therapy.
Resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma neo-adjuvant FOLF(IRIN)OX-based chemotherapy - a multicenter, non-comparative, randomized, phase II trial (PANACHE01-PRODIGE48 study); Background: At time of diagnosis, less than 10% of patients with pancreatic adenocarcinomas (PDAC) are considered to be immediately operable (i.e. resectable). Considering their poor overall survival (OS), only tumours without vascular invasion (NCCN 2017) should be considered for resection, i.e. those for which resection with disease‐free margins (R0) is theoretically possible in absence of presurgery treatment. With regard to high R1 rates and undetectable locoregional and/or metastatic spreading prior to surgery explain (at least in part) the observed 1‐year relapse and mortality rates of 50 and 25%, respectively. Today, upfront surgery followed by adjuvant chemotherapy is the reference treatment in Europe. The main limitation of the adjuvant approach is the low rate of completion of the full therapeutic sequence. Indeed, only 47 to 60% patients received any adjuvant therapy after resection compared to more than 75% for neoadjuvant therapy. No previous prospective study has compared this approach to a neoadjuvant FOLFIRINOX or FOLFOX chemotherapy for resectable PDAC. Methods: PANACHE01‐PRODIGE48 is a prospective multicentre controlled randomized non comparative Phase II trial, evaluating the safety and efficacy of two regimens of neo‐adjuvant chemotherapy (4 cycles of mFOLFIRINOX or FOLFOX) relative to the current reference treatment (surgery and then adjuvant chemotherapy) in patients with resectable PDAC. The main co‐primary endpoints are OS rate at 12 months and the rate of patients undergoing the full therapeutic sequence. Discussion: The "ideal" cancer treatment for resectable PDAC would have the following characteristics: administration to the highest possible proportion of patients, ability to identify fast‐progressing patients (i.e. poor candidates for surgery), a low rate of R1 resections (through optimisation of local disease control), and an acceptable toxicity profile. The neoadjuvant approach may meet all these criteria. With respect to published data on the efficacy of FOLFOX and mFOLFIRINOX, these two regimens are potential candidates for neoadjuvant use in the aim to optimising oncological outcomes in resectable PDAC. Trial registration:ClinicalTrials.gov , NCT02959879. Trial registration date: November 9, 2016.
Australasian Gastro-Intestinal Trials Group (AGITG) MASTERPLAN: randomized phase II study of modified neoadjuvant FOLFIRINOX alone or in combination with stereotactic radiotherapy (SBRT) for patients with high-risk and locally advanced pancreatic cancer; Background: Eighty per cent of patients with non‐metastatic pancreatic cancer have highrisk, borderline resectable (BRPC) or locally advanced pancreas cancer (LAPC), conferring a 5‐year overall survival of only 12%. MASTERPLAN evaluates the safety and activity of stereotactic body radiotherapy (SBRT) added to neoadjuvant chemotherapy in these patient cohorts. Methods: MASTERPLAN is an investigator‐initiated prospective multi‐centre randomized phase II trial. Inclusion criteria include histologically confirmed high‐risk, BRPC or LAPC. High risk is defined as tumour > 4cm, extrapancreatic extension or node positive. Randomisation is 2:1 to chemotherapy + SBRT (investigational arm) or chemotherapy (control arm) by minimisation with stratification by operability (potentially operable ‐ high risk; BRPC versus inoperable ‐ LAPC; medically inoperable), planned chemotherapy and institution. Both treatment arms receive 6 x 2 weekly cycles of modified FOLFIRINOX (mFOLFIRINOX). Gemcitabine and nabpaclitaxel is permitted if mFOLFIRINOX is unsuitable. The investigational arm receives SBRT (40Gy in 5 fractions) with real time quality assurance. Resectability will be evaluated following initial chemotherapy +/‐ SBRT. Adjuvant chemotherapy is 6 cycles (12 weeks) of mFOLFIRINOX, or the same duration of gemcitabine and capecitabine (GEMCAP) if neoadjuvant gemcitabine/nab‐paclitaxel given. SBRT adverse events (AEs) will be recorded until study cessation. The primary endpoint is 12‐ month locoregional control. Secondary endpoints: safety, surgical morbidity and mortality, radiological response rate, progression free survival, pathological response rate, surgical resection rate, R0 resection rate, quality of life, deterioration free survival and overall survival. Biospecimens are collected for translational research for potential prognostic/predictive biomarkers of clinical endpoints and include serial tumour tissue collection from patients undergoing fiducial marker insertion and/or surgery, biopsy at disease progression, serial blood collection and serial buccal and faecal sample collection. An interim analysis will review locoregional failure, distant metastasis and rate of death on the first 40 patients after completion of 12 months follow up. The sample size is 120 patients (80 intervention:40 control), balanced for BRPC/LAPC (60 in each cohort). The minimum follow up is 12 months. The first site opened in October 2019 and 10 patients have been recruited from five sites at 17 Feb 2021. Overall 15 sites in Australia and New Zealand are planned to open to recruitment.
preoperative gemcitabine based chemoradiation therapy for resectable and borderline resectable pancreatic cancer phase1 study; INTERVENTION: gemcitabine (1000mg/m2) treated on day1,8,15,29,36,43,57,64,71 radiation thrapy;54gly(1.8Gly * 30days) CONDITION: resectable and borderline resectable pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: occurrence of side effect of preoperative gemcitabine based chemoradiation therapy INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1) histopathologically diagnosed pancreatic cancer 2) performance status: 0‐1 (eco grade) 3) pancreatic cancer, diagnosed as resectable by enhanced computed tomography 4) patient who expected to have more than 6 month survival at start of the treatment 5) patient with normal organ function white blood cell:>3500/mm3,<10,000/mm3 neutrophil: >2,000/mm3 lymphocyte: >1,500/mm3 platelet: >100,000/mm3 hemoglobin: >9.0g/dl total bilirubin: <2.0mg/dl ast, alt:>150 u/l serum creatinine:<1.2mg/dl
Short-course neoadjuvant FOLFIRINOX versus upfront surgery for resectable pancreatic head cancer: a multicenter randomized phase-II trial (NORPACT-1); Background: Fluorouracil, leucovorin, irinotecan, and oxaliplatin (FOLFIRINOX) has shown improved survival in metastatic pancreatic cancer, and promising results as downstaging chemotherapy in locally advanced pancreatic cancer. The efficacy of neoadjuvant FOLFIRINOX in patients with resectable pancreatic cancer is unknown. Methods: This is a randomized phase II trial with patients included from 12 Nordic centers in the period 2017‐2021. Patients with resectable pancreatic head cancer were randomly assigned to receive either four neoadjuvant cycles of FOLFIRINOX followed by surgery and eight adjuvant cycles mFOLFIRINOX, or upfront surgery and adjuvant mFOLFIRINOX (12 cycles). The primary endpoint was overall survival at 18 months after date of randomization (intention‐to‐treat [ITT]). Overall survival was estimated with the Kaplan‐Meier method, and differences between the respective treatment arms were analyzed with log rank tests. Results: In NORPACT‐1, 140 patients were randomly assigned (neoadjuvant chemotherapy, n=77;upfront surgery, n=63). Median age was 66.5 years (IQR 59, 72), while 115 (82.1%) and 25 (17.9%) patients were ECOG 0 and 1, respectively. Median OS by ITT was 25.1 months [95% CI 17.2‐34.9] with neoadjuvant chemotherapy and 38.5 months [95% CI 27.6‐not reached] with upfront surgery (p=0.096). The proportion of patients alive at 18 months by ITT was 59.7 % [95% CI 48.9‐70.7] and 73.0 % [95% CI 62.0‐84.0], respectively (p=0.100). Resection rates were 81.8%(63/77) in the neoadjuvant group and 88.9% (56/ 63) in the upfront surgery group (p=0.342). In the neoadjuvant group 61 (79.2%) patients initiated neoadjuvant FOLFIRINOX. Completion of the four planned cycles was 60%, with dose reductions and delays in 70% and 28.3%. Per‐protocol (PP) analysis of 60 patients with pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) who received minimum one cycle neoadjuvant FOLFIRINOX compared with 55 patients in the upfront surgery arm who were explored showed median OS of 23.0 months [95% CI 16.2‐34.9] and 34.4 months [95%CI 19.4‐not reached] (p=0.158). Adjuvant chemotherapy initiation rate was 66.2% and 74.6% (p=0.282) by ITT. In resected PDAC patients the rate was 86.4% and 89.8% (p=0.593). Of 120 patients receiving at least one dose of neoadjuvant and/or adjuvant chemotherapy (safety population), 57.5% (42/73) in the neoadjuvant group and 40.4% (19/47) in the upfront surgery group experienced at least one grade $3 adverse event (p=0.067). In PP analysis neoadjuvant FOLFIRINOX was associated with significantly higher rate of N0 (p=0.002) and R0 resection (p=0.011). Conclusions: Neoadjuvant FOLFIRINOX did not improve OS compared with upfront surgery in resectable pancreatic head cancer. Our results do not support neoadjuvant chemotherapy as standard of care for these patients. Future trials should incorporate a biomarker‐based design.
Induction chemotherapy in locally advanced pancreatic cancer (LAPC)-final results of a multicenter randomized phase 2 AIO trial (NEOLAP); Purpose: The best preoperative treatment for LAPC is unknown. NEOLAP is the first prospective, randomized trial to compare nab‐Paclitaxel and Gemcitabine (nPG) with FOLFIRINOX‐based induction chemotherapy in LAPC. Methods: In this open‐label, randomized, two‐arm, phase 2 trial, treatment‐naive patients (pts) with histologically/cytologically proven non‐resectable LAPC were recruited from 33 German centers. After two cycles of nPG induction pts without progressive disease or unacceptable adverse events (AEs) were randomly allocated (1:1) to receive either two additional cycles of nPG or four cycles of sequential un‐modified sqFOLFIRINOX. Secondary resectability was assessed by surgical exploration in all pts with at least stable disease (SD) after completion of induction chemotherapy. The primary endpoint was conversion rate (R0/R1 resection). Secondary endpoints included overall survival (OS), safety, CA 19‐9 response and central radiological review. Results: 168 pts were registered and 130 were randomly allocated (64 to nPG and 66 to sqFOLFIRINOX). Conversion rate was 30.6 vs 45.0% (Odds ratio 0.54; 95% CI, 0.26 to 1.13; P = 0.135), OS 17.3 vs 22.5 months (adjusted HR 0.73; 95% CI, 0.42 to 1.28; P = 0.268), AEs ≥ grade 3 54,7 vs 53,0%, (investigator assessed) ORR 22.6 vs 21.7%; DCR 82.3 vs 75.0%, CA 19‐9 response (baseline to week 16);‐62.2 % vs‐56.7 %, major pathological response (<10% viable tumor cells) 15 vs 9.5% in the nPG (n=62) and sqFOLFIRINOX (n=60) arm, respectively. Among all ITT‐pts (N=165) conversion was associated with significant improved OS (27.4 vs. 14.2 months; P = 0.0035). First results from central radiological review with regard to primary and secondary resectability status and tumor response will be presented. Conclusions: Secondary resection after 4 months of induction chemotherapy followed by surgical exploration is feasible in about 1/3 of pts with LAPC and associated with markedly prolonged OS without significant difference in safety or efficacy endpoints between nPG and sqFOLFIRINOX arm.
High thromboembolic event rate in patients with locally advanced esophageal cancer during perioperative therapy: a pre-planned analysis of the intergroup phase III trial SAKK 75/08; Background: High rates of venous thromboembolic events (VTE) are reported for patients (pts) with upper GI‐cancers (stomach, pancreas) and treatment with Cisplatin (Cis), but mainly in retrospective analyses and in advanced disease. A prospective analysis of VTE in pts with resectable esophageal cancer is warranted. Methods: Pre‐planned analysis of VTE in a multicenter phase III trial according to reported AEs and SAEs from start of preoperative treatment until 6 months postoperatively. Pts with resectable esophageal cancer (T2N1‐3; T3‐4aNx) received 2 cycles of induction chemotherapy (CT) with Docetaxel (Doc) 75mg/m2, Cis 75 mg/m2 followed by chemoradiation (CRT) with 45 Gy, Doc 20 mg/m2 and Cis 25 mg/m2 weekly and then surgery or were randomly assigned to the same treatment with addition of neoadjuvant and adjuvant cetuximab. Results: Of 300 pts 29 VTE were reported in 26 pts with an incidence rate (IR) of 8.7%. 3 pts had 2 VTE. 72% (21/29) of all VTE occurred preoperatively. No significant difference between treatment arms was found, odds ratio (OR) 0.8 [95%CI 0.4‐1.9], p=0.7. Grades (G) of VTE according to CTCAE v4.0: 3% (1/29) G1, 41% (12/29) G2, 45% (13/ 29) G3 and 10% (3/29) G5. In a multivariable logistic regression including baseline hemoglobin, platelets, neutrophils, BMI, treatment arm and histology, only adenocarcinoma (IR 11.1%, 21/189) compared to squamous cell cancer (IR 4.5%, 5/111) was significantly associated with VTE‐risk during treatment, OR 2.9 [95%CI 1.02;8.4], p=0.046. Baseline Khorana risk score (KRS) for VTE was 0 in 73% (19/26), 1‐2 in 23% (6/26) of pts and 3 in one patient with VTE (≥3 equal to high‐risk and recommendation for prophylaxis). Median PFS in pts with VTE was 2.1 yrs vs. 2.5 yrs for pts without VTE. Conclusions: This first prospective analysis of VTE in resectable esophageal cancer pts reveals a high IR during perioperative therapy of almost 9% comparable to high‐risk pts according to KRS. Only one of these pts would have been identified by KRS as highrisk. Prophylactic anticoagulation balanced against individual bleeding risks could be considered in esophageal cancer pts treated with neoadjuvant Cis‐based CT and RCT, especially in adenocarcinoma.
Randomized phase II trial of neoadjuvant chemotherapy with modified FOLFIRINOX versus modified FOLFIRINOX and PD-1 antibody for borderline resectable and locally advanced pancreatic cancer (the CISPD-4 study); Background: Neoadjuvant chemotherapy is recommended for BRPC and LAPC planned resection. PD‐1 antibody alone failed in advanced pancreatic cancer previously, but chemotherapy combined with PD‐1 antibody are promising. The aim of this study is to investigate whether neoadjuvant chemotherapy plus PD‐1 antibody can result in better outcomes. Methods: This is a randomized, controlled, open‐label phase II study including patients with BRPC or LAPC. Modified FOLFIRINOX (mFFX) is used as neoadjuvant chemotherapy. Patients will be randomly allocated into two groups: mFFX group and mFFX plus PD‐1 antibody group (PD‐1 group). Imaging evaluation will be discussed by the MDT. Surgical resection will be performed if the MDT confirms the resectability. (NCT03983057). Results: From March 4th 2019 to August 1st 2021, 146 patients were enrolled and randomized. Of the 146 patients, 62 (42.4%) were BRPC and 84 (57.5%) were LAPC. Among them, 115 patients received at least four cycles of mFFX or mFFX plus PD‐1 antibody and completed radiological evaluation at least once. Grade 3 neutropenia was common in both groups. And in mFFX plus PD‐1 antibody group, immune‐related adverse events (irAEs) happened in seven patients (9.7%), including rash (3 patients, all were Grade 1), hepatic AE (2 patients Grade 3, 1 patient Grade 2), renal AE (2 patients, both Grade 2), and hyperglycemia with diabetic ketoacidosis (2 patients). All of the seven patients were relieved after proper treatment. Radiological partial response was noted in 13.3% patients in mFFX group, and 26.9% in mFFX plus PD‐1 antibody group. Notably, for BRPC patients, the radiological partial response was 13.0% and 36.3% in two groups, respectively. The resection rate was similar in the two groups (47.4% and 51.7%). R0 resections were performed in 70.3% and 86.6% patients, respectively. However, for LAPC patients, mFFX plus PD‐1 antibody group was noted in a higher resection rate (37.1% vs. 48.0%). The survival data are not mature at present. Conclusions: Modified FOLFIRINOX plus PD‐1 antibody is feasible and well‐tolerated for BRPC and LAPC patients. The study will be continued and the detailed data will be reported. Clinical trial identification: NCT03983057. Legal entity responsible for the study: The authors. Funding: Key clinical study foundation of the First Affiliated Hospital, Zhejiang University School of Medicine. Disclosure: All authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
Nationwide implementation of best practices in pancreatic cancer care (PACAP-1): stepped-wedge cluster randomized trial; Background: Implementation of new treatment strategies in cancer care is often inadequate and slow. We aimed to implement best practices in pancreatic cancer care using a nationwide stepped wedge design and assess the impact on overall survival. Methods: Nationwide multicenter stepped‐wedge cluster randomized controlled trial comparing implementation of best practices with usual care (May 22, 2018 ‐ May 29, 2020). Best practices included adequate use of perioperative and palliative chemotherapy, pancreatic enzyme replacement therapy (PERT), and metal biliary stents. The 6‐week implementation period in all 17 Dutch pancreatic centers and their regional referral networks included monitoring, return visits, and provider feedback in combination with education and reminders. Primary outcome was one‐year overall survival for all disease stages and secondary outcomes included guideline compliance and quality of life. Results: Overall, 5580 patients diagnosed with pancreatic cancer were included; 2939 after implementation of best practices versus 2641 before. One‐year survival did not differ among the groups (HR 0.98, 95 CI 0.88‐1.08). Overall use of perioperative chemotherapy (neoadjuvant and adjuvant) did not significantly differ, but use of palliative chemotherapy significantly increased (23.9% to 30.3%, OR 1.38, 95 CI 1.10‐1.74). Also the use of PERT (34.2% to 45.2%, OR 1.64, 95 CI 1.28‐2.11); and metal biliary stents (74.1.% to 83.3%, OR 1.78, 95 CI 1.13‐2.08) significantly increased. The Global Health Score did not differ (AUC 43.8 to 42.7, median difference ‐1.12, 95 CI ‐3.13‐0.80, n=655). Conclusions: This nationwide population‐based trial to enhance implementation of best practices in pancreatic cancer care showed successful implementation of most best practices, but no increase in one‐year survival and quality of life.
ESPAC-4: a multicenter, international, open label randomized controlled phase III trial of adjuvant combination chemotherapy of gemcitabine (GEM) and capecitabine (CAP), versus monotherapy gemcitabine in patients with resected pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma; Introduction: The ESPAC‐3 and CONKO‐001 trials established adjuvant GEM as the standard of care for resected pancreatic cancers based on the improved survival and acceptable toxicity. Aims: ESPAC‐4 aimed to determine whether combination chemotherapy with GEM/CAP improved survival compared to GEMmonotherapy. Patients & methods: Patients with pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma were randomized within 12 weeks of surgery (stratified for R0/R1 resection margin status and country) to have either 4 weeks of iv GEM alone or GEM with oral CAP for 6 months. The primary endpoint was overall survival; secondary endpoints were toxicity, relapse free survival, 2 and 5 year survival and quality of life. 722 patients (480 expected events), 361 in each arm, were needed to detect a 10% difference in 2 year survival rates with 90% power ( stratified log‐rank test with 5% two‐sided alpha). Results: Between Nov 10 2008 and Sep 11 2014, 732 patients were randomized (367 GEM, 365 GEM/CAP) with 435 deaths. Median age was 65 years, 57% were men. WHO performance status was 0, 1 or 2 in 42% 55% and 3% respectively. Preoperative median CA19‐9 was 143 KU/I. Median maximum tumor size was 30 mm, 60% were R1 resections, 80% were node positive and 24% were poorly differentiated. On Dec 11 2015 the Independent Trial Steering Committee requested that the trial proceed to full analysis. The data freeze will be made on March 1 2016. Conclusion: This is the largest adjuvant trial ever conducted comparing combination versus monotherapy for pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma. Full results will be reported at the meeting.
Total neoadjuvant FOLFIRINOX or gemcitabine-based chemoradiotherapy and adjuvant gemcitabine for resectable and borderline resectable pancreatic cancer (PREOPANC-2): a nationwide multicenter randomized controlled trial; Background: Neoadjuvant therapy has several potential advantages over upfront surgery in patients with localized pancreatic cancer; more patients receive systemic treatment, fewer patients undergo futile surgery, and R0 resection rates are higher, thereby possibly improving overall survival (OS). Two recent randomized trials (including the Dutch PREOPANC trial) have suggested benefit of neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy over upfront surgery, both including gemcitabine‐based chemoradiotherapy regimens. Potentially, the multi‐agent FOLFIRINOX regimen (5‐fluorouracil with leucovorin, irinotecan, and oxaliplatin) may further improve outcomes in the neoadjuvant setting for localized pancreatic cancer, but randomized studies are needed. The PREOPANC‐2 trial investigates whether total neoadjuvant FOLFIRINOX improves OS compared with neoadjuvant gemcitabine‐based chemoradiotherapy and adjuvant gemcitabine (i.e. the intervention arm of the PREOPANC trial) in patients with resectable or borderline resectable pancreatic cancer. Methods: This nationwide multicenter phase III randomized controlled trial includes patients with pathologically confirmed resectable and borderline resectable pancreatic cancer with a WHO performance score of 0 or 1. Resectable pancreatic cancer is defined as no arterial and ≤90 degrees venous involvement; borderline resectable pancreatic cancer is defined as ≤90 degrees arterial and ≤270 degrees venous involvement without occlusion. Patients receive 8 cycles of neoadjuvant FOLFIRINOX chemotherapy followed by surgery without adjuvant treatment (arm A), or 3 cycles of neoadjuvant gemcitabine with hypofractionated radiotherapy (36 Gy in 15 fractions) added during the second cycle, followed by surgery and 4 cycles of adjuvant gemcitabine (arm B). The primary endpoint is OS by intention‐totreat. Secondary endpoints include progressionfree survival, quality of life, resection rate, and R0 resection rate. To detect a hazard ratio of 0.70 with 80% power, 252 events are needed. The number of events is expected to be reached after inclusion of 368 eligible patients, assuming an accrual period of 3 years and 1.5 years follow‐up. Between June 2018 and January 2021, 375 patients were enrolled in 20 centers in the Netherlands and accrual is complete. Final analyses are expected at the end of 2022.
Divestment for Artery-involved Pancreatic Cancer; Pancreatic cancer is the most lethal malignancy of human being. Surgery is the only potential cure of pancreatic cancer. The invasion of major abdominal arteries is one of the most important factor restricting surgical intervention. For artery‐involved pancreatic cancer (ai‐PC) patients, pre‐operative adjuvant therapies, especially the neoadjuvant chemotherapy, has brought exciting postoperative survival. Yet due to the potential screening effect of this treatment strategy, nearly half of ai‐PC patients failed to benefit from surgery because of disease progression, adverse reactions of adjuvant treatment and other reasons. Artery divestment for the treatment of ai‐PC firstly reported by our center, can significantly increase resection rate and produce overall survival benefit in some patients. This study is to explore whether up‐front surgery with artery divestment combined curative pancreatectomy or the chemotherapy‐first strategy would be more beneficial for ai‐PC patients' survival. Subjects will be randomized to treatment group either receiving up‐front artery divestment combined pancreatectomy (Surgery Group) or adjuvant chemotherapies (Chemo Group). In Surgery Group, an artery divestment combined pancreatectomy will be performed if no pre‐operative contra‐indication or intra‐operative metastasis were revealed. Post‐operative adjuvant chemotherapies were prescribed according to performance status. In Chemo Group, adjuvant chemotherapy of gemcitabine or gemcitabine + cisplatin will be utilized according to performance status. After 2 circles of adjuvant chemotherapies, patients will be reevaluated and curative operation would be attempted if without disease progression. Overall mortality at one year after randomization will be the primary endpoint. Other parameters as overall survival after 2 and 3 years, median survival, disease‐free survival, margin status of subjects receiving curative surgery, etc. will also be observed.
ANZUP Annual Scientific Meeting, Putting People First; The proceedings contain 57 papers. The topics discussed include: phase I trial of Nab‐paclitaxel administered concurrently with radiotherapy in patients with locally advanced inoperable pancreatic adenocarcinoma (art in lap); single versus multi‐dose dexamethasone‐premedication for docetaxel chemotherapy: practice and outcomes at eastern health; patterns of patient‐reported chemotherapy‐induced peripheral neuropathy in colorectal cancer survivors: a single institution snapshot; phase 3 randomized Eortc 1325‐Mg/keynote‐054 study results: pembrolizumab versus placebo after complete resection in patients with high‐risk stage III melanoma; changing treatment landscape in the initial management of metastatic castrate‐resistant prostate cancer (mCRPC): an Australian multi‐centre retrospective study; predicting chemotherapy toxicity in older adults: comparing the value of the CARG toxicity score with oncologists' estimates of toxicity based on clinical judgement; what dooncologists think patients with incurable cancer should be told about their prognosis? a survey ofmedical oncologists in Australia and New Zealand; pre‐operative circulating tumour DNA (ctDNA) predicts outcome in resectable stage III melanoma; two‐year efficacy and safety update from JAVELINMerkel 200 part a: a registrational study of avelumab in metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma progressed on chemotherapy; and PROSPER: a phase 3, randomized, double‐blind, placebo (PBO)‐controlled study of enzalutamide (ENZA) in men with non‐metastatic castration‐resistant prostate cancer (nmCRPC).
AIRPanc: a phase 2, open-label, multicenter, randomized study evaluating neoadjuvant therapy targeting the adenosine immunosuppressive pathway in combination with immune checkpoint blockade and radiation therapy in patients with advanced pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma who are candidates for surgical resection; Background: Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) is an aggressive disease for which immune checkpoint blockade (ICB) has not provided benefit, hypothesized to be due to the presence of an immunosuppressive tumor microenvironment (TME). Neoadjuvant multi‐agent chemotherapy and stereotactic body radiation therapy (SBRT) may increase immunosuppression by elevating intratumoral levels of adenosine, an immunosuppressive metabolite. Adenosine, produced from adenosine triphosphate by enzymes CD39 and CD73, binds the adenosine 2a and 2b receptors (A2aR and A2bR) expressed on immune cells and inhibits critical components of the antitumor immune response. Human PDAC expresses high levels of CD73, which is strongly associated with worse progression‐free survival. Preclinical investigation has demonstrated CD73 and A2aR inhibition enhances antitumor immune responses, including increasing activity of ICB. The goal of this study is to test inhibition of the adenosine immunosuppressive pathway in combination with ICB and SBRT in patients with advanced PDAC who are candidates for surgical resection after receiving neoadjuvant chemotherapy. Methods: This investigator‐initiated, open‐label, multicenter, phase 2 clinical trial will randomize patients with borderline resectable or locally advanced PDAC who have completed 8 cycles of neoadjuvant mFOLFIRINOX and are eligible for SBRT to one of three treatment arms: zimberelimab (anti‐PD‐1) alone (Arm A), zimberelimab plus quemliclustat (anti‐CD73) (Arm B), or zimberelimab plus quemliclustat and etrumadenant (A2aR/A2bR inhibitor)(Arm C) for a period of 7 weeks prior to undergoing surgical resection. 40 Gy SBRT in 5 fractions, totaling a biologically effective dose (BED) of 72 Gy, will be delivered concurrently to all randomized patients starting week 2 of study treatment. Part I will comprise a six‐patient safety run‐in with a dose‐de‐escalation design in which patients will be treated according to Arm C with a plan for subsequent enrollment of 14 additional patients per arm (N=42) in Part II. The primary endpoint is CD8+ T‐cell infiltration at the time of surgery compared between combination arms and Arm A. Group sample sizes of 14 achieve at least 80% power to detect an effect size of 1.23 with a significance level (alpha) of 0.05 using a two‐sided two‐sample t‐test and adjustment for 2 comparisons. Secondary objectives include estimation of median OS, 18‐month survival rate, R0 resection rate, safety profile and CA 19‐9 biomarker response. Exploratory studies interrogating the tumor immune microenvironment will be performed on surgical resection specimens. The trial was opened for enrollment on May 19th, 2023.
Study of TARCEVA (Erlotinib) as Adjuvant Treatment for Locally Advanced Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma; Head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) constitutes 3 percent of all malignancies and is the sixth most common malignancy worldwide. There will be an estimated 38,000 new cases and 11,000 deaths in the United States in 2004 and approximately 500,000 cases worldwide yearly [1]. Squamous cell carcinoma accounts for at least 95 percent of all head and neck cancers. Surgical treatment remains the standard of therapy for patients with resectable HNSCC. For patients with high risk of local or distant relapse, radiation therapy (RT) alone, or in combination with chemotherapy, is given after surgery to improve loco‐regional control and overall survival. Neoadjuvant chemotherapy for patients with respectable HNSCC remains an experimental option for these patients. A two‐week delay in definitive surgical resection in patients with operable HNSCC is not thought to impact the clinical outcome of these patients and in many cases may be needed to complete all of the preoperative work‐up. As a result, a study design involving a two‐week preoperative course of therapy in patients with operable HNSCC should not be a concern. EGFR as a therapeutic target in HNSCC Epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) is a 170‐Kda transmembrane protein that is thought to be important in the proliferation and survival of cancer cells [2]. Overexpression of EGFR has been found in several malignancies, including head and neck, lung, breast, prostate, bladder, and pancreatic cancer [3‐7]. In HNSCC, EGFR and its ligand TGF are overexpressed in 80‐90% of tumors compared to normal mucosa; [8] the coexpression of receptor and ligand implicates an autocrine regulatory pathway in HNSCC carcinogenesis. The clinical relevance of EGFR overexpression as an independent prognostic factor in HNSCC has been well demonstrated. High tumor EGFR levels are correlated with advanced stage,[9] increased tumor size, [9] decreased survival,[10‐13] increased recurrence,[10] and decreased sensitivity to radiation treatment [14]. A recent study suggests that high serum EGFR levels may even correlate with higher head and neck tumor grade [15]. The overexpression of EGFR and ligand in partially and fully transformed HNSCC tissue, its correlation with poor clinical outcome, and the aberrant function of the EGFR network in HNSCC provide compelling evidence of a relationship between EGFR and the development and progression of HNSCC, and suggest a role for EGFR as a target for cancer therapy. EGFR has been targeted at the extracellular domain by blocking ligand binding, at the intracellular domain by inhibiting tyrosine kinase activity, and at the genetic level by targeting production of the receptor itself. EGFR‐specific monoclonal antibodies interfere with ligand binding, while conjugation of an EGFR ligand or antibody to a bacterially derived toxin enables the delivery of a cytotoxic agent to the cell surface. Many of the EGFR‐targeting agents are undergoing clinical evaluation in HNSCC. In general, clinical responses in HNSCC patients with advanced disease have only been observed when these agents have been combined with cytotoxic chemotherapy or radiation therapy. Clinical trials using EGFR inhibitors as adjuvant therapy for HNSCC are currently underway.
A propensity-matched analysis of laparoscopic vs open distal pancreatectomy for pancreatic adenocarcinoma; INTRODUCTION: Laparoscopic‐assisted distal pancreatectomy (LDP) has improved perioperative outcomes over open distal pancreatectomy (ODP). Concerns regarding failure to achieve proper oncologic resection and compromised survival remain. METHODS: Using the National Cancer Data Base (NCDB), we analyzed patients undergoing distal pancreatectomy for resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma over a 4‐year period (2010‐2014). Pro‐pensity score nearest‐neighbor 1:1 matching (PSM) was performed between LDP and ODP patients based on age, sex, race, insurance, hospital volume, comorbidities, T‐stage, N‐stage, grade, and neoad‐juvant and adjuvant therapies. Primary outcome was overall survival. RESULTS: Of the 1, 947 eligible patients, 605 (31%) underwent LDP. After PSM 2 well‐balanced groups of 544 patients each were analyzed. There was a trend towards improved overall survival (OS) in patients undergoing LDP as compared to ODP (HR: 0.83, 95% CI 0.68‐1.0; Median OS 29 vs 23 months, p=0.06). Patients undergoing ODP had a higher margin positive rate compared to those undergoing LDP (21.1% vs 14.9%, p=0.007). Overall conversion rate was 27%. Patients undergoing ODP had comparable outcomes to LDP in regards to median time to chemotherapy (50 vs 48 days, p=0.96); median nodes examined (12 vs 12, p=0.61); 30‐day mortality (1.6% vs 1.1%, p=0.43); 90‐day mortality (3.5% vs 2.4%, p=0.28); 30‐day readmission rate (8.6% vs 9.4%, p=0.67). However, the median length of stay was shorter in the LDP group (6 vs 7 days, p=0.0001). CONCLUSIONS: In the absence of randomized trials, this is the largest comparative study demonstrating LDP as an acceptable alternative to ODP, associated with a lower margin positive rate, shorter length of stay, and without detriment in long‐term survival.
Tele-PancFit: a Multi-site Trial of Video-based Strengthening Exercise Prehabilitation for Patients With Resectable Pancreatic Cancer; Primary Objectives: Compare the rate of adjuvant chemotherapy initiation in patients who receive Tele‐PancFit (telesupervised strengthening and remotely‐monitored moderate intensity aerobic exercise) versus an enhanced usual care group who receive general recommendations for physical activity and receive an activity tracker. Hypothesis: Tele‐PancFit participation (Arm B) will improve the rate of adjuvant therapy compared to enhanced usual care (Arm A). Secondary Objectives: 1. Determine the effects of Tele‐PancFit intervention on HRQOL among patients with localized PDAC, including the change of the HRQOL over time and the between study groups. 2. Compare skeletal muscle maintenance indicated by SMI using CT between patients in the exercise and UC groups of the Tele‐PancFit intervention. 3. Define the effects of Tele‐PancFit participation on tumor vascular density and maturity among patients undergoing neoadjuvant chemotherapy for PDAC. Other exploratory objectives include: 4. Determine the effects of the Tele‐PancFit intervention on secondary physical function, symptom and body composition study measures. Compare changes between baseline, preoperative and postoperative timepoints within each study arm and between study arms of the following measures. Also compare outcome values between study arms at each data collection timepoint. 1. Skeletal muscle maintenance (skeletal muscle index [SMI] using routinely‐obtained CT scans) 2. Skeletal muscle quality (skeletal muscle density [SMD] using routinely‐obtained CT scans) 3. Visceral fat and subcutaneous fat using routinely‐obtained CT scans 4. Muscle strength (1‐RM chest press,1‐RM leg press, 30 second chair stand test and 30 second arm curl test) 5. Muscle endurance 6. Submaximal exercise capacity (6MWT) 7. Self‐reported exercise (Modified Godin) 8. Self‐reported physical functioning (PROMIS Cancer Function) 9. Fatigue (FACIT‐F) 10. HRQOL (FACT‐Hep) 5. To compare levels of circulating tumor‐associated and angiogenic factors such as CA 19‐9, thrombospondin, CXCL12, IL‐1b, VEGF, S1P between groups upon enrollment (T0), following administration of preoperative therapy (T1), and at postoperative visits (T2a/b). 6. To compare cancer associated fibroblasts (CAFs), and tumor infiltrating immune cells between groups (among patients who have undergone surgical resection). 7. Determine the effects of the Tele‐PancFit intervention on oncology treatment outcomes by comparing these measures in the Arms A and B: 1. Completion of intended NT dose 2. Dose reduction or change in NT treatment plan 3. Time of initiation of AT after surgery 4. Dose reduction or change in AT treatment plan 5. Completion of AT (6 months total perioperative chemotherapy) 6. incidence of perioperative adverse events that occur within 90 days between groups (Accordion score) 7. Hospital length of stay 8. Acute cancer care center or emergency center visits within 30 days of surgery 8. Evaluate the effects of adherence to nutritional recommendations to body composition and physical function. Evaluate the effects of weight loss and sarcopenia status (yes/no) on body composition. 9. To assess the change in nutrition status (PGSGAsf) along all study time points in all enrolled participants. Also, to correlate the PGSGAsf score with the corresponding anthropometric measures at each time point for all participants. 10. To examine differences among Fitbit‐measured physical activity and sleep between groups and associations among Fitbit variables and secondary endpoints between and within groups. 11. To compare the 6MWT distance and secondary endpoints of participants within subgroups of patients who are stratified as "active" versus "insufficiently active" based on the Godin‐Shephard Leisure Time Physical Activity Questionnaire. 12. To compare the 6MWT distance and secondary endpoints of participants within subgroups of patients with different levels of physical activity (light, moderate, high intensity activity). 13. To explore the effect of sociodemographic variables (sex, age, race/ethnicity, zip code [for urban vs rural classification], distance form the hospital, marital status, insurance), need to borrow devices and Wi‐Fi connection on patient clinical outcomes and adherence to the activity prescription.
Combination Chemotherapy With or Without Hypofractionated Radiation Therapy Before Surgery in Treating Patients With Pancreatic Cancer; PRIMARY OBJECTIVES: I. To evaluate and estimate 18 months overall survival (OS) rate of patients with borderline resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) receiving neoadjuvant therapy. SECONDARY OBJECTIVES: I. To evaluate and estimate the R0 resection rates in patients receiving each of the two multimodality treatment regimens. II. To evaluate and estimate the event‐free survival in patients receiving each of the two multimodality treatment regimens. III. To evaluate and estimate the pathologic compete response (pCR) rates in patients receiving each of the two multimodality treatment regimens. IV. To assess the adverse events (AE) profile and safety of each treatment arm. TERTIARY OBJECTIVES: I. To test the effect of the rs2853564 vitamin D receptor (VDR) variant on OS rate and discover novel candidate genes associated with OS and severe toxicity of chemotherapy by using genome‐wide genotyping approaches. II. To evaluate risk classification previously developed by Koay et al using normalized area under the enhancement curve (NAUC). III. To access prognostic value of NAUC ratio defined as post‐neoadjuvant NAUC divided by pre‐neoadjuvant therapy NAUC. IV. To evaluate risk classification previously developed by Koay et al using delta measure. OUTLINE: Patients are randomized to 1 of 2 treatment arms. ARM A: Patients receive oxaliplatin intravenously (IV) over 2 hours, irinotecan IV over 90 minutes, and leucovorin calcium IV over 2 hours on day 1. Patients also receive fluorouracil IV continuously over 46‐48 hours on days 1‐2. Treatment repeats every 14 days for 8 courses in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. ARM B: Patients receive oxaliplatin intravenously (IV) over 2 hours, irinotecan IV over 90 minutes, and leucovorin calcium IV over 2 hours on day 1. Patients also receive fluorouracil IV continuously over 46‐48 hours on days 1‐2. Treatment repeats every 14 days for 7 courses in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Patients receive either stereotactic body radiation therapy (SBRT) or hypofractionated image guided radiation therapy (HIGRT) on days 1‐5 of course 8. SURGERY Within 4 to 8 weeks after the last dose of chemotherapy (arm A) or of radiation (arm B), patients considered surgical candidates for resection (after central review) will undergo surgery at the registering institution. ADJUVANT CHEMOTHERAPY Within 4‐12 weeks from the date of surgery, patients will receive oxaliplatin IV over 2 hours and leucovorin IV over 2 hours on day 1. Patients also receive fluorouracil IV continuously over 46‐48 hours on days 1‐2. Treatment repeats every 14 days for 4 courses in the absence of disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. After completion of study treatment, patients are followed up every 16 weeks for 2 years, then every 6 months for 5 years.
Phase II study of neoadjuvant chemotherapy of gemcitabine+nab-paclitaxel therapy for patients with borderline resectable pancreatic cancer; INTERVENTION: neoadjuvant chemotherapy 2 courses of NAC‐GA 1.nab‐paclitaxel (Day1,8,15) 125mg/m2 30 min div administration 2.Gemcitabine (Day1,8,15) 1,000mg/m2 30 min div administration CONDITION: Invasive ductal adenocarcinoma PRIMARY OUTCOME: Overall survival time from the first day of protocol therapy SECONDARY OUTCOME: 1.Recurrence free survival from the first day of protocol therapy; 2.Safety of the protocol therapy(Adverse effect); 3.Morbidity based on Clavien Dindo classification of more than Grade3; 4.Response rate, preoperative/postoperative tumor marker (CA19‐9, CEA), rate of mornalization, reduction rate of SUVmax value on PET‐CT(limited only for PET‐CT available institutions); 5.Chemotherapeutic effect grade based on Evans classification.; 6.Resection rate; 7.R0 resection rate; 8.Surgical data(operative time, blood loss,transfusion, postoperative hospital day); 9.The overall morbidity rates(Reoperation, rate of re‐admission, mortality); 10.Number of patient rate in postoperative adjuvant therapy(entry rate, completion rate) ; 11.Dose intensity INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Histologically or cytologically diagnosed as pancreatic adenocarcinoma, and consistent with NCCN guideline (Version 2. 2016) borderline resectable‐arterial, borderline resectable‐venous 2.case with measurable lesion 3.First line treatment 4.PS(ECOG)0‐1 5.>=20 years old and <80 years old 6.The following criteria must be satisfied in laboratory tests within 14 days of registration WBC count<=12,000/mm3 Neutrophil count>=1,500/mm3 Hb>=9.0g/dl Plt >=100,000/mm3 T.Bil <2.0mg/dl (<3=.0mg/dl in biliary drainage case) Serum Cr<=upper limits of normal (ULN) AST, ALT<=2.5xULN 7. Written informed consent to participate in this study
Randomized phase II trial of neoadjuvant Gemcitabine/S-1 based chemoradiotherapy for potentially resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma; INTERVENTION: Test group: neoadjuvant gemcitabine plus S‐1 based chemoradiotherapy; Patients receive orally S‐1twice daily at a dose of 60mg/m2/day on days 1 through 21 of a 28‐day cycle and an infusion of gemcitabine at a dose of 600 mg/m2 on days 8, 22, 36, and 50. Patients were treated with 3‐dimensional conformal radiotherapy. The total radiation dose of 45 or 50.4 Gy was delivered in daily fractions of 1.8 or 2 Gy, 5 times per week. Control group: neoadjuvant gemcitabine plus S‐1 chemotherapy; Patients receive gemciabine at a dose of 1000mg/m2 on days 1 and 8 plus S‐1 orally twice daily at a dose according to the BSA (less than 1.25 m2, 80mg/day; 1.25 or more to less tan 1.5, 100mg/day; 1.5 or more, 120mg/day) on days 1 through 14 of a 21 day cycle. CONDITION: invasive pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma ; invasive pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma, potentially resectable pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: histological response (Grade 1, 2, 3, 4) in the resected specimens according to the Japan Pancreas Society 7th classification SECONDARY OUTCOME: radiographic response according to revised RECIST guideline, rate of curative‐intent resection, degree of residual tumor, 2‐year and 5‐year overall survival rate, rate of postiopeative complication, rate of recurrence after surgery, mode of recurrence INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. age at the time of registry is 20 or more, 79 or less 2. newly diagnosed invasive pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) confirmed by imaging study and histological or cytological studies. 3. no distant metastasis 4. potentially resectable PDAC according to the resectability of Japan Pancreas Society 7th classification based on contrast enhanced multidetector CT imaging. 5. toleable curative resection 6. no previous anti‐tumor treatment 7. Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group performance status, 0, 1 8. adequate hematological, hepatic, renal, and cardiopulmonary functions 9. adequate ability of oral intake 10. written informed consent before enrolling the study
828 NEOADJUVANT CHEMOTHERAPY VERSUS UPFRONT SURGERY IN RESECTABLE PANCREATIC DUCTAL ADENOCARCINOMA: a NATIONAL CANCER DATABASE INTENTION-TO-TREAT ANALYSIS; INTRODUCTION The benefit of chemotherapy in addition to surgery for pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) is well established. Neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NAC) is beneficial for patients with borderline resectable and locally advanced PDAC in comparison with upfront surgery and adjuvant chemotherapy (AC). However, the role of NAC for resectable PDAC is debated due to conflicting results in randomized trials. The recent NORPACT‐1 trial compared neoadjuvant FOLFIRINOX (4 cycles + surgery + 8 cycles) versus adjuvant FOLFIRINOX (surgery + 12 cycles) and reported worse median survival of 25.1 months in the NAC group versus 38.5 months with upfront surgery. The trial also showed the challenge of delivering all intended treatment. Surgery was performed in 81.8% of the NAC arm and 88.9% of the upfront surgery arm, NAC was given in 79.2% of eligible patients, and AC was initiated in 66.2% and 74.6% of the two groups. We sought to evaluate the benefits of NAC in patients with resectable PDAC in a real‐world cohort, using an intention‐to‐treat approach. METHODS Patients with clinical T1N0 or T1N1 and M0 PDAC of the head were identified in the 2006‐2019 National Cancer Database. Patients coded as receiving palliativeintent treatment were excluded. Patients were categorized into the NAC group if they received NAC prior to surgery or began chemotherapy within 6 weeks of diagnosis but did not undergo resection. Patients were categorized into the upfront surgery group if they had surgery with or without AC. Chi‐squared tests compared baseline characteristics, while Kaplan‐Meier methods and Cox regression assessed overall survival (OS). RESULTS Of 4,898 patients, 3,559 (72.7%) received upfront surgery and 1,339 (27.3%) received NAC. In the upfront surgery group, 2,462 (69.2%) received AC. In the NAC group, 721 (53.9%) underwent resection following NAC and 280 (20.9%) received AC. Bivariate analysis by intention‐to‐treat are shown in Table 1. In the intention‐to‐treat analysis, median survival for the upfront surgery group was 27.2 months (95%CI 26.1‐28.5) versus 20.9 months (95%CI 19.6‐23.1) in the NAC group (p<0.01, Figure 1). On multivariable Cox regression, treatment with NAC independently predicted worse OS (HR 1.2; 95%CI 1.1‐1.3). However, among patients who received undergo both surgery and systemic therapy, median survival was 30.8 months (95%CI 29.3‐32.4) for upfront surgery with AC compared to 35.5 months (95%CI 32.9‐39.7) in the NAC plus surgery group (p<0.01). CONCLUSION Although limited by inferences regarding treatment intent, our analyses by initial therapy showed that upfront surgery was associated with better OS. The decision to proceed with upfront surgery versus NAC for resectable PDAC is complex and should be personalized for each patient. Results from this real‐world cohort support upfront surgery, in line with the recently reported randomized trial. [table presented] [figure presented]
Randomized phase III trial of nab-paclitaxel (nab-P) plus gemcitabine (Gem) vs Gem alone as adjuvant therapy for patients with resected pancreatic cancer: APACT; Introduction: Adjuvant chemotherapy with Gem has been shown to decrease disease recurrence and increase survival following surgery in patients with resected pancreatic cancer. However, disease recurrence is common, suggesting a need for improved regimens. In the phase III MPACT trial, nab‐P + Gem demonstrated significantly longer overall survival (OS; primary endpoint) than Gem alone in patients with metastatic pancreatic cancer (median, 8.7 vs 6.6 months; HR 0.72; P < 0.001). Toxicities were manageable and consistent with those in previous studies. The findings of the MPACT trial supported the investigation of nab‐P + Gem vs Gem alone as adjuvant therapy in the phase III APACT study of patients with resected pancreatic cancer. Methods: Approximately 800 patients will be enrolled. Eligibility criteria include histologically confirmed pancreatic cancer with macroscopic complete resection (R0 or R1); stage T1‐3, N0‐1, M0; Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group performance status 0 or 1; acceptable hematologic/blood chemistry levels; and CA19‐9 < 100 U/mL within 14 days of randomization. Patients who have neuroendocrine tumors, presence or history of metastatic pancreatic cancer, any other malignancy within 5 years of randomization, HIV infection, hepatitis B or C infection, or prior neoadjuvant treatment or radiation therapy for pancreatic cancer are ineligible. Study treatment should begin as early as adequate recovery from surgery will allow but no later than 12 weeks postsurgery. Patients will be randomized to receive 6 cycles of either nab‐P 125 mg/m2 plus Gem 1000 mg/m2 or Gem alone 1000 mg/m2 on days 1, 8, and 15 of each 28‐day cycle. The study design is summarized in Table 1. Two dose reductions are allowed for hematologic and other toxicities. Patients will be discontinued from the study if more than 2 dose reductions are required. The planned enrollment of 800 patients will allow 90% power to detect an HR for disease‐free survival of 0.74 at a 2‐sided significance level of 0.05. One interim safety analysis is planned after 100 patients are treated for at least 2 cycles. Two interim efficacy analyses (the first for futility and the second for both futility and superiority) will be performed. Over 100 patients were enrolled as of February 2015. (Table Presented).
Prospective study for the effects of pancreatic enzyme supplement therapy on quality of life and nutritional assessment after pancreatectomy; Background and aims: Pancreas is an important organ in digestion. After pancreas resection, postoperative pancreas function impairment reported up to 68‐80%. But there were not many studies about effects of pancreatic enzyme supplements therapy after operation. Aim of this study is to analyze the effects of pancreatic enzyme supplements therapy on nutritional status and quality of life after pancreas resection. Methods: This study was prospective RCT (randomized controlled trial) comparing pancreatic enzyme supplement (Norzyme) group with placebo group. From 2009 to 2011, 222 patients with informed consent were enrolled. 64 patients were excluded from this study for recurrence, follow‐up loss and medication protocol violations. Finally, 158 patients (study group 99, placebo 59) were analyzed with body weight, triceps skin fold thickness (TSFT), serum albumin, protein, prealbumin, transferrin, questionnaire about quality of life and symptoms including diarrhea and steatorrhea (EORTC QLQ C‐30). Follow‐up schedules were prospectively planned; preoperative, postoperative, post‐op 3 months and post‐op 6 months. Results: Study population was 60.4 years old and sex ratio was 1:0.98 (80 male and 78 female). Mean body weight was 61.3 kg. Disease for pancreatectomy was 60(38.0%) benign, 98(62.0%) malignant. In this study, 109 pancreaticoduodenectomy (PD), 44 distal pancreatectomy (DP) and 5 other type operations were analyzed. Diarrhea symptom decreased in Norzyme group (p = 0.063) but other symptoms and nutritional index were not different between two groups. As a result of subgroup analysis between preoperative and 6mo F/U, Norzyme group showed increased albumin, prealbumin than placebo group in PD group (p = 0.075, 0.076), increased protein, prealbumin in chemotherapy group (p = 0.021, 0.065). In comparison between 3mo and 6mo F/U, Norzyme group showed better body weight, relative body weight (RBW) than placebo group in cancer, cancer with PD, chemotherapy group (p = 0.028, 0.019, 0.059). Norzyme group also revealed increased prealbumin in overall study populations (p = 0.048), increased protein in chemotherapy group (p = 0.021). Conclusions: Several symptoms and nutritional factors showed trend of recovery in Norzyme group. But, study population number is relatively small and statistical power is not enough. There are patients with improved symptom and nutrition with Norzyme supplements in clinical impression. We suggest there is a need for additional clinical studies using high‐dose formulation of Norzyme.
Fully covered self-expandable metal stent with an anti-migration system vs plastic stent for distal biliary obstruction caused by borderline resectable pancreatic cancer: a protocol for systematic review; BACKGROUND AND AIM: Biliary obstruction can impair the effectiveness of neo‐adjuvant chemotherapy. This study was designed to compare biliary stenting with covered self‐expandable metal stents (FCSEMS) and plastic stents (PS) in patients with biliary obstruction caused by borderline resectable pancreatic cancer (BRPC) who were undergoing neo‐adjuvant chemotherapy during preoperative biliary drainage. METHODS: This single‐center, comparative, randomized, superiority study was designed to compare FCSEMS with PS for drainage of biliary obstruction of BRPC. Twenty two eligible patients providing informed consent will be randomized 1:1 by computer to either FCSEMS or PS for endoscopic retrograde biliary drainage (ERBD). All subsequent clinical interventions, including crossover to alternative procedures, will be at the discretion of the treating physician based on standard clinical care. The primary outcomes will be the rates and causes of stent dysfunction during preoperative biliary drainage. Other outcomes include time required for ERBD, adverse events related to ERBD, period from ERBD to surgery, percentage of patients able to undergo surgery, operation time, intraoperative bleeding volume, postoperative adverse events, and postoperative hospitalization. Subjects, treating clinicians, and outcome assessors will not be blinded to assignment. DISCUSSION: This study is intended to determine whether FCSEMS or PS is the better biliary stent for ERBD for management of patients with biliary obstruction of BRPC, a common clinical dilemma that has not yet been investigated in randomized trials. TRIALS REGISTRATION: UMIN‐CTR, Identifier: UMIN000030473. Registered July 10, 2017, Wakayama Medical University Hospital.
Adjuvant chemotherapy of S-1 versus S-1 plus metformin for resected pancreatic cancer: a multicenter and randomized phase II trial; Background: Adjuvant chemotherapy with S‐1 in patients with resected pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) improved the 5‐year survival rate to 44.1% and therefore has been a standard of care in Japan. Recent epidemiologic data has revealed possibility of metformin (a drug for type II diabetes) improving the prognosis of PDAC. In this context, we compare the efficacy and safety of S‐1 plus metformin with S‐1 alone as adjuvant chemotherapy in patients with resected PDAC.Methods: This multicenter‐randomized‐phase II study is conducted at 29 institutions in Japan (Registry Number; UMIN000020681). Key eligibility criteria are age 20 years or more with good performance status; histologically proven PDAC of stage I‐II without macroscopic residual tumor. Patients receiving preoperative treatment for PDAC and previously treated with DPP‐4 inhibitor, GLP‐1, and metformin are excluded. After giving written consent to the study, patients are randomly assigned either study group (S‐1 plus metformin) or control group (S‐1 alone), balancing residual tumor status, nodal status, and institutions. S‐1 is given orally for 2 weeks in a 3‐week cycle. Cycles are lasted for 6 months. In the study group, metformin is administrated together with S‐1 for 2 years. The treatment would be discontinued when the patient has either recurrence or unacceptable toxicity. The primary endpoint is 2‐year OS, and the secondary endpoints are relapse‐free survival and incidence rate of adverse events. Sample size was calculated based on the data in previous trials, with an expected 2‐year survival rate in the control group of 65%. An improvement in 2‐year‐survival rate from 65% in the control group to 78% in the study group, yielding a hazard ratio of 0.58, is considered clinically relevant in this population. A total of 73 events in each group were required for a power of 80% at a two‐sided alpha 20% to detect a difference in OS using an unstratified log‐rank test. A total of 160 patients (80 per group) were estimated to achieve the specified number of events in the scheduled follow‐up. Duration of this study would be 5 years and it has been started from January 2018. Until September 2018, 17 patients have been enrolled.
Radiation Therapy Oncology Group consensus panel guidelines for the delineation of the clinical target volume in the postoperative treatment of pancreatic head cancer; PURPOSE: To develop contouring guidelines to be used in the Radiation Therapy Oncology Group protocol 0848, a Phase III randomized trial evaluating the benefit of adjuvant chemoradiation in patients with resected head of pancreas cancer. METHODS AND MATERIALS: A consensus committee of six radiation oncologists with expertise in gastrointestinal radiotherapy developed stepwise contouring guidelines and an atlas for the delineation of the clinical target volume (CTV) in the postoperative treatment of pancreas cancer, based on identifiable regions of interest and margin expansions. Areas at risk for subclinical disease to be included in the CTV were defined, including nodal regions, anastomoses, and the preoperative primary tumor location. Regions of interest that could be reproducibly contoured on postoperative imaging after a pancreaticoduodenectomy were identified. Standardized expansion margins to encompass areas at risk were developed after multiple iterations to determine the optimal margin expansions. RESULTS: New contouring recommendations based on CT anatomy were established. Written guidelines for the delineation of the postoperative CTV and normal tissues, as well as a Web‐based atlas, were developed. CONCLUSIONS: The postoperative abdomen has been a difficult area for effective radiotherapy. These new guidelines will help physicians create fields that better encompass areas at risk and minimize dose to normal tissues.
14th World Congress of the International Hepato-Pancreato-Biliary Association; The proceedings contains 1126 papers. The topics discussed include: HepaT1ca ‐ Quantitative Magnetic Resonance Imaging Predicts Individual Future Liver Performance after Liver Resection;Minimally Invasive Approaches to Biliary Tract Cancers and Nodal Sampling: Not All Approaches Are Similar;Hypothermic Oxygenated Perfusion vs. Normothermic Regional Perfusion in Liver Transplantation from Non‐heart Beating Donors‐first International Comparative Study;Single‐center Experience of Liver Transplantation for Cholangiocarcinoma;An Online Calculator to Predict Recurrence after Hepatectomy for Colorectal Liver Metastasis: Reflecting the New Era of Genetic and Biological Features;Predicting Individual 10‐year Survival after Resection of Colorectal Liver Metastases;Long Term Outcome of Patients with Close Resection Margin after Hepatectomy for HCC: A Propensity Score Analysis at a Single Centre;Can Peri‐operative Lactate Kinetics Predict Liver Failure Following Major Liver Resection?;Hepatocellular Adenoma in Men. A Nationwide Assessment;A Patient‐derived Organoid and Artificial Intelligence‐based Workflow for Optimising Chemotherapeutics to Improve Outcomes in Pancreatic Cancer;Ablative Radiation Provides Comparable 1‐year Survival to Surgery after Neoadjuvant Chemotherapy for Locally Advanced Pancreatic Adenocarcinoma;Risk Factors for Postoperative Bile Leak and Outcomes in Patients Undergoing Minimally Invasive Hepatectomy: A Contemporary ACS NSQIP Analysis;Pharmacological Activation of Nrf2 Enhances Metabolic Remodelling and Functional Liver Regeneration Following Major Hepatectomy;Natural History and Optimal Treatment Strategy of Intraductal Papillary Mucinous Neoplasm of Pancreas;Neoadjuvant FOLFIRINOX versus Neoadjuvant Chemoradiotherapy and Adjuvant Chemotherapy for Resectable and Borderline Resectable Pancreatic Cancer: Update on the Nationwide Multicenter PREOPANC‐2 Randomized Trial;The Immune Micro‐environment of Treatment Naïve and Neoadjuvant Treated Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma Tissues from the PREOPANC‐1 Randomized Controlled Trial;Response to and Survival after First‐Line FOLFIRINOX or Gemcitabine/Nab‐Paclitaxel for Localized Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma;Renin‐Angiotensin Inhibitor Treatment Attenuates Progression of Colorectal Liver Metastasis
Deep serial analysis of the TCR/BCR CDR3 adaptome repertoire in peripheral blood of pancreatic cancer patients in a randomized study of neoadjuvant chemotherapy with or without autophagy inhibition; Pancreatic cancer has a paucity of dendritic cells and almost no T lymphocytes. Here, we used Next Generation Sequencing following dimer avoidance multiplexed PCR (DAM‐PCR) immune repertoire to study the characteristics and diversity of the TCR repertoire among PDAC (Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma) patients who underwent chemotherapy with or without Hydroxycholoroquine followed by surgical extirpation. We sequenced the TCR α,β,γ, and δ chains and the B‐cell receptor (BCR) heavy chain (IgH) complementary‐determining region 3 (CDR3) repertoire in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) from 10 PDAC patients before (Pre‐chemo) and after chemotherapy (Post‐chemo) and following operation (Postop). The distribution of CDR3, VD indel, and DJ indel lengths were similar among the Prechemo, Postchemo and Postop groups. The TCR repertoire diversity of PDAC patients was much lower compared to healthy donors (HD). The diversity index (D50) of TCR α and β's in PDAC patients who received HCQ during chemotherapy was less than in patients without HCQ (p<.05). TRBV expression increased and some public sequences diminished at individual time points following chemotherapy and postop. Full analysis of an ongoing study will be presented.
Deep serial analysis of the TCR/BCR CDR3 adaptome repertoire in peripheral blood of pancreatic cancer patients in a randomized study of neoadjuvant chemotherapy with or without autophagy inhibition; Pancreatic cancer has a paucity of dendritic cells and almost no T lymphocytes. Here, we used Next Generation Sequencing following dimer avoidance multiplexed PCR (DAMPCR) immune repertoire to study the characteristics and diversity of the TCR repertoire among PDAC (Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma) patients who underwent chemotherapy with or without Hydroxycholoroquine followed by surgical extirpation. We sequenced the TCR α,β,γ, and δ chains and the B‐cell receptor (BCR) heavy chain (IgH) complementary‐determining region 3 (CDR3) repertoire in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) from 10 PDAC patients before (Pre‐chemo) and after chemotherapy (Post‐chemo) and following operation (Postop). The distribution of CDR3, VD indel, and DJ indel lengths were similar among the Prechemo, Postchemo and Postop groups. The TCR repertoire diversity of PDAC patients was much lower compared to healthy donors (HD). The diversity index (D50) of TCR α and β's in PDAC patients who received HCQ during chemotherapy was less than in patients without HCQ (p<.05). TRBV expression increased and some public sequences diminished at individual time points following chemotherapy and postop. Full analysis of an ongoing study will be presented.
ESPAC-5F: european Study group for Pancreatic Cancer - Trial 5F; INTERVENTION: If eligible for the study patients will be randomised onto one of the following arms. Arm A (control): Surgery. Eligible patients will undergo surgical exploration for resection within two weeks of randomisation. Following recovery from successful resection (up to 12 weeks) patients will undergo standard adjuvant chemotherapy either gemcitabine or 5‐fluorouracil for six cycles ie. 24 weeks. If patients do not undergo successful resection then following recovery from surgery, further therapy will be as physician?s choice. Patients will be followed up for 12 months after randomisation. Arm B: GEMCAP. Within two weeks of randomisation, eligible patients will commence neoadjuvant Gemcitabine, 1000mg/m2 iv infusion over 30 mins, once a week for 3 of 4 weeks and capecitabine 830mg/m2 BD PO for 21 /28d, (one cycle) for 2 cycles i.e. 8 weeks . Four to six weeks after completion chemotherapy patients will undergo staging CT scan. If there has been no progression patients will then undergo surgical exploration within two weeks as for Arm A. Arm C: FOLFIRINOX ‐ Within two weeks of randomisation, eligible patients will commence neoadjuvant Oxaliplatin 85mg/m2, Irinotecan 180mg/m2, Folinic acid 400mg/m2, 5‐FU 2400mg/m2 46 hour infusion, repeated every 2 weeks for 4 cycles. Growth factor support may be administered at the investigator?s discretion. Four to six weeks after completion chemotherapy patients will undergo staging CT scan. If there has been no progression patients will then undergo surgical exploration within two weeks as for Arm A. Arm D: CRT. Within two weeks of randomisation, eligible patients will commence neoadjuvant CRT delivering a total dose of 50.4Gy in 28 daily fractions over 5 1/2 weeks (1.8Gy/#fraction Mon to Fri) with Capecitabine 830mg/m2 BD PO (Mon to Fri) throughout radiotherapy. Centres would be required to choose to use IMRT (preferred) or 3D conformal RT for all their patients. Four to six weeks after completion CRT patients will undergo sta CONDITION: Topic: Cancer; Subtopic: Upper Gastro‐Intestinal Cancer; Disease: Pancreas ; Cancer SECONDARY OUTCOME: Not provided at time of registration INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Borderline resectable mass in the pancreatic head as defined by CT criteria 2. Histologically or cytologically proven pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (including variants) 3. Able to undergo biliary drainage using a fully covered self expanding metal stent 4. Age >= 18 years 5. WHO performance status 0, 1 6. Platelets >100 x 109/l; WBC > 3 x 109/l; neutrophils > 1.5 x 109/l 7. Serum bilirubin =1.5 ULN 8. Calculated creatinine clearance > 50ml/min 9. Able to comply with protocol requirements and deemed fit for surgical resection, chemotherapy and radiotherapy. 10. Written informed consent; Target Gender: Male & Female ; Lower Age Limit 18 years PRIMARY OUTCOME: 1. Recruitment rate; Recruitment rate will be measured by the proportion of centres that successfully engage in the study and by the overall recruitment. Centres will be classified as successfully engaged if the study has opened in a timely fashion and if they are achieving over 50% of the recruitment and randomisation rate estimated for their centre. The overall recruitment rate will be deemed successful if at least 80% of the centres have fully engaged in the study and the target rate has been achieved (100 patients in 24 months).; ; 2. Resection rate; An overall resection rate will be measured using the total number of patients at baseline. A second resection rate will also be measured using only the patients who undergo explorative surgery. R1 and R0 resection margins will be used when measuring the resection rate ? R2 resection margins will be excluded.
Prospective Evaluation of Associations between Cancer-Related Pain and Perineural Invasion in Patients with Resectable Pancreatic Adenocarcinoma; INTRODUCTION: Perineural invasion is a unique characteristic of pancreatic adenocarcinoma biology and is present in the majority of resected pathologic specimens. The purpose of this study was to understand the relationships between preoperative pain and perineural invasion in patients with pancreatic adenocarcinoma. METHODS: Fifty‐two chemotherapy naive patients undergoing resection for pancreatic adenocarcinoma from 2012 to 2014 completed a previously validated Brief Pain Inventory survey for preoperative clinical pain scoring. Preoperative pain was correlated with multiple clinicopathologic features. RESULTS: Preoperative pain was not associated with pathologic cancer stage, lymph node status, lymph node positivity ratio, resection margin status, or tumor location within the pancreas. In the subgroup of pancreatic head cancers, pain interference with affect was associated with the absence of perineural invasion (p = 0.02). Patients with stage I cancer had higher pain interference scores than those with stage II cancer (p = 0.02). CONCLUSIONS: Preoperative pain does not predict the presence of perineural invasion or other pathologic prognostic factors in patients with resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma. Higher pain scores in pancreatic head cancers correlated with absence of perineural invasion and early cancer stage. The effects of preoperative pain on quality and interference of daily life deserve further investigation in larger prospective studies involving patients with pancreatic cancer.
Anti-CTGF human recombinant monoclonal antibody pamrevlumab increases resectability and resection rate when combined with gemcitabine/Nab-paclitaxel in the treatment of locally advanced pancreatic cancer patients; Background: Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinomas (PDAC) exhibit a high degree of desmoplasia, with extensive connective tissue growth factor (CTGF) expression and extracellular matrix production1, 2. Pamrevlumab (FG‐3019), anti‐CTGF antibody, is evaluated in fibrotic disease and cancer. Studies in the LSL‐KrasG12D/+; LSLTrp53 R172H/+; Pdx‐1‐Cre (KPC) transgenic mouse model of PDAC demonstrated that pamrevlumab, in combination with gemcitabine, prolonged survival and increased tumor cell apoptosis associated with the down‐regulation of the anti‐apoptotic protein XIAP3. Methods: In Phase 2 randomized study, gemcitabine/Nab‐paclitaxel (G/N) +/‐ pamrevlumab was given to treatment‐naïve locally advanced pancreatic cancer (LAPC) patients to improve resection outcomes and overall survival (OS). 33 LAPC patients were randomized 2:1 to G/N with (Arm A) (n=22) or without (Arm B) (n=11) pamrevlumab. Patients who completed 6 cycles of chemotherapy underwent resectability assessment by NCCN and other (CA 19‐9, PET, RECIST) criteria, and, if eligible, resection with no further treatment. Patients who progressed received second‐line treatment as per physician choice. Results: No increases in SAEs or surgical complications were observed in Arm A vs Arm B. No significant difference was seen in RECIST, PET or CA 19‐9 between the arms. More patients in Arm B (45%, n=5) than in Arm A (25%, n=3) discontinued treatment early, mainly due to progression of disease, SAE or physician choice. Of all of the patients who completed 6 cycles of treatment, 78% of patients in Arm A, and 17% of patients in Arm B were deemed resectable; and 44% in Arm A vs 17% in Arm B underwent resection. The primary reasons in patients, who scored as eligible but resected were: metastatic disease, SAE, and physician decision. An improved resection rate was associated with a trend towards improved OS in Arm A. Conclusions: Improved resection rate combined with increased median OS in Arm A suggests that pamrevlumab is a valuable addition to neoadjuvant therapy in LAPC patients without added toxicity, and that this combination therapy may have a positive impact on OS in LAPC patients.
Feasibility and efficacy of a multicomponent exercise medicine programme in patients with pancreatic cancer undergoing neoadjuvant therapy (the EXPAN trial): study protocol of a dual-centre, two-armed phase i randomised controlled trial; Introduction Exercise is emerging as a therapy in oncology for its physical and psychosocial benefits and potential effects on chemotherapy tolerability and efficacy. However, evidence from randomised controlled trials (RCTs) supporting exercise in patients with borderline resectable or locally advanced pancreatic cancer (PanCa) undergoing neoadjuvant therapy (NAT) are lacking. Methods and analysis The EXPAN trial is a dual‐centre, two‐armed, phase I RCT. Forty patients with borderline resectable or locally advanced PanCa undergoing NAT will be randomised equally to an exercise intervention group (individualised exercise+standard NAT) or a usual care control group (standard NAT). The exercise intervention will be supervised and consist of moderate to vigorous intensity resistance and aerobic‐based training undertaken two times a week for 45‐60 min per session for a maximum period of 6 months. The primary outcome is feasibility. Secondary outcomes are patient‐related and treatment‐related endpoints, objectively measured physical function, body composition, psychological health and quality of life. Assessments will be conducted at baseline, prior to potential alteration of treatment (∼4 months postbaseline), at completion of the intervention (maximum 6 months postbaseline) and 3‐month and 6‐month postintervention (maximum 9 and 12 months postbaseline). Ethics and dissemination The EXPAN trial has been approved by Edith Cowan University (reference no.: 2020‐02011‐LUO), Sir Charles Gairdner Hospital (reference no.: RGS 03956) and St John of God Subiaco Hospital (reference no.: 1726). The study results will be presented at national/international conferences and submitted for publications in peer‐reviewed journals. Trial registration number ACTRN12620001081909.
Neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy for clinical stageIV pancreatic cancer; INTERVENTION: TS‐1 60mg/m2 Gemcitabine 1000mg/m2 radiation 30Gy CONDITION: pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: Overall survival INCLUSION CRITERIA: Over 20 years old, clinical stageIV pancreatic cancer, resectable case
Stereotactic Body Radiation Therapy Followed by NALIRIFOX vs NALIRIFOX for Borderline Resectable Pancreatic Cancer; Neoadjuvant chemotherapy or chemoradiotherapy can increase the R0 resection rate and improve survival in BRPC. However, there is no standard treatment regimen. The National Comprehensive Cancer Network (NCCN) guidelines recommend FOLFIRINOX (irinotecan + oxaliplatin +5‐FU/LV) and FOLFIRINOX+ chemoradiotherapy for PDAC neoadjuvant treatment. Liposomal irinotecan is a new pharmaceutical form of traditional irinotecan. It adopts a special loading technology to encapsulate traditional irinotecan in liposomes, which can avoid its hydrolysis under physiological conditions, increase the affinity with cancer cells, overcome drug resistance, increase the drug uptake by cancer cells, reduce the drug dose,improve the efficacy and reduce the toxic side effects. The aim of this study is to compare the efficacy and safety of NALIRIFOX + surgery + NALIRIFOX or surgery + NALIRIFOX in high‐risk patients with resectable pancreatic cancer.
Ablation of locally advanced pancreatic cancer with percutaneous irreversible electroporation: results of the phase I/II PANFIRE study; Purpose To (a) investigate the safety of percutaneous irreversible electroporation (IRE) for locally advanced pancreatic cancer and (b) evaluate the quality of life (QOL), pain perception, and efficacy in terms of time to local progression, event‐free survival, and overall survival (OS). Materials and Methods The study was approved by the local review board (NL42888.029.13). All patients provided written informed consent for study participation, the ablation procedure, and data usage. Between January 2014 and June 2015, 25 patients with histologically proved locally advanced pancreatic cancer 5 cm or smaller (13 women, 12 men; median age, 61 years; age range, 41‐78 years) were prospectively included to undergo percutaneous computed tomographic‐guided IRE. Patients with a metallic biliary Wallstent, epilepsy, or ventricular arrhythmias were excluded. Kaplan‐Meier estimates were used to investigate time to local progression, event‐free survival, and OS. Safety was assessed on the basis of adverse events, which were graded according to the Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events. Pain perception and QOL were evaluated by using specific questionnaires. Results All patients underwent IRE. The median largest tumor diameter was 4.0 cm (range, 3.3‐5.0 cm). After a median follow‐up of 12 months (interquartile range: 7‐16 months), median event‐free survival after IRE was 8 months (95% confidence interval [CI]: 4 months, 12 months); the median time to local progression after IRE was 12 months (95% CI: 8 months, 16 months). The median OS was 11 months from IRE (95% CI: 9 months, 13 months) and 17 months from diagnosis (95% CI: 10 months, 24 months). There were 12 minor complications (grade I or II) and 11 major complications (nine grade III, two grade IV) in 10 patients. There were no deaths within 90 days after IRE. Conclusion Percutaneous IRE for locally advanced pancreatic cancer is generally well tolerated, although major adverse events can occur. Preliminary survival data are encouraging and support the setup of larger phase II and III clinical trials to assess the efficacy of IRE plus chemotherapy in the neoadjuvant and adjuvant or second‐line setting compared with more widely adopted regimens such as chemotherapy and/or radiation therapy. © RSNA, 2016 Online supplemental material is available for this article.
A phase II trial of Neoadjuvant and adjuvant chemotherapy with Gemcitabine and TS-1 combination for patients with locally advanced pancreatic cancer; INTERVENTION: 1)Neoadjuvant chemotherapy: 3 course of gemcitabine and s‐1 combination therapy (21days for one course:day1‐14 S‐1 60mg/m2, day8 and 15 gemcitabine 1g/m2) 2)Surgical resection 3)Adjuvant therapy: 8 course of gemcitabine and s‐1 combination therapy (21days for one course:day1‐14 S‐1 50mg/m2, day8 and 15 gemcitabine 0.8g/m2) CONDITION: pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: R0 resection rate SECONDARY OUTCOME: resection rate (R0+1), overall survival, disease free survival, pathological chemotherapy effect, adverse events, recurrence type, tumor marker, relative dose intensity, tumor response rate, surgical morbidity INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1)Invasive ductal carcinoma or invasive intraductal papillary‐mucinors carcinoma proved by Radiological examination (enhanced CT or MRI) 2)No distant metastasis 3)Borderline or unresectable locally advanced pancreatic cancer tumor abutment of the SMA, HA, CEA tumor involving PV or SMV (diameter of encased PV or SMV are less than 50% of adjacent normal PV or SMV diameter. 4)patients who can tolerate the pancreatic surgery. 5)Age 20 or more 6)No history of primary chemo therapy and/or radiation therapy. 7)ECOG performance status 0‐1 8)Adequate organ function 9)Without problems for oral medication 10) Written informed consent
Influence of a combined dietary and exercise intervention during neoadjuvant treatment on cytokine and immune cell profile: an exploratory pilot study; Rationale: We sought to investigate the influence of a Combined Exercise and Dietary Intervention (CEDI) during neoadjuvant chemotherapy on circulating cytokines and immune cells in patients with gastric/pancreatic cancer. Methods: A parallel randomized controlled open label trial (NCT05420259) was conducted at Hospital Beatriz Ângelo and Hospital da Luz. Twenty patients with gastric or pancreatic cancer eligible for neoadjuvant treatment were randomized to receive either 8 week CEDI, with moderate aerobic and resistance training with nutritional intervention or standard care. The levels of cytokines and immune cells were analysed in peripheral blood. Computed tomography derived body composition, nutritional and functional status and quality of life were assessed. Results: After neoadjuvant chemotherapy CEDI patients presented a lower median lower median CD56+/CD16+ (CEDI: 86.25,IQR:2.42 vs Control: 95.3,IQR: 2.65, p= 0.034), CD56bright/NKG2C+ (CEDI: 0, IQR: 0 vs Control:7.5, IQR:7.7, p=0.002) and CD56 dim/CD16+(CEDI:87.8 (14.25) vs 98.2(2.2),p=0.02). Baseline muscle radiation attenuation was postively correlated with CD56+/CD16+ (r=0.73, p<0.001). At follow up a significant positive correlation was found between subcutaneous adipose tissue (r=0.76,p=0.02) and CD56dim/NKG2C+. Only 2/6 operated patients in the CEDI group experienced postoperative complications grade I/II, whereas in the control group grade>III postoperative complications occurred in 5/9 patients (p=0.328). Further analysis revealed a near significant association between postoperative complications and IL‐10 (OR:1.60,95%CI: [1.08‐3.04], p=0.06), CD56bright/CD16+ (OR:1.93,95%CI:[1.11‐5.90], p=0.08) and CD56dim (OR:0.52,95%CI:[0.19‐0.87],p=0.06). Conclusion: CEDI and changes in body composition may modulate inflammatory response and influence final outcome. Disclosure of Interest: None declared
The effect of neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy on the immune profile of pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma: in-depth analysis of the PREOPANC-1 randomised controlled trial; Abstract Background: The randomised phase III trial (PREOPANC‐1) that was performed in 16 centres in the Netherlands compared the effects of preoperative chemoradiotherapy (Gemcitabine and 2.4 Gy radiation) versus immediate surgery for resectable and borderline resectable pancreatic cancer. The outcomes of the secondary endpoints and predefined subgroup analyses suggest an advantage of the neoadjuvant approach. The aim of the present study was to investigate the changes in the immune microenvironment and infiltration caused by the neoadjuvant treatment. Methods: To that aim, we collected formalin‐fixed, paraffin‐embedded pancreatic cancer samples from all centres that participated in the PREOPANC ‐1 trial. We performed targeted gene expression using the PanCancer Immune Profiling panel of NanoString. Results: Comparing 50 samples of the patient who were subjected to neoadjuvant treatment to 46 treatment‐naïve samples showed a distinct genetic profile induced by the neoadjuvant therapy. More than 250 immune‐related genes were significantly differentially expressed between the two groups of samples. The results indicate that neoadjuvant therapy resets the innate immune activation in the tissue samples. A significantly higher infiltration of CD14+, CD33+, CSF1R+, and CD163+, MRC1+ cells was found in samples of the neoadjuvant arm. In contrast, B cells and various subtypes of T cells like CD8+ and FOXP3+ showed a significant decrease in the same samples. Pathway analysis revealed that the neoadjuvant treatment stimulated the expression of genes related to complement activation, chemotaxis, and wound repair, while genes related to lymphocyte activation and adaptive immune responses were dominant in the treatment‐naïve arm. Conclusion: In conclusion, this is the first comprehensive study to describe the immune‐molecular changes as a result of neoadjuvant therapy in a randomised clinical trial. The results reveal the enrichment of the myeloid compartment following neoadjuvant therapy which was significantly associated with a survival benefit for the patients. Studying the personalised effect of neoadjuvant therapy will guide choosing the appropriate combined therapy for pancreatic cancer.
The effect of neoadjuvant therapy on immune profiling of pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma: a prospective study of the PREOPANC-1 randomized controlled trial; The randomized phase III trial (PREOPANC‐1) that was performed in 16 centers in the Netherlands compared the effects of preoperative chemoradiotherapy (Gemcitabine and 2.4 Gy radiation) versus immediate surgery for resectable and borderline resectable pancreatic cancer. The outcomes of the secondary endpoints and predefined subgroup analyses suggest an advantage of the neoadjuvant approach. The aim of the present study was to investigate the changes in the immune microenvironment and infiltration caused by the neoadjuvant treatment. To that aim, we collected formalin‐fixed, paraffin‐embedded pancreatic cancer samples from all centers that participated in the PREOPANC ‐1 trial. We performed targeted gene expression using the PanCancer Immune Profiling panel of NanoString. Comparing 50 samples of the patient who were subjected to neoadjuvant treatment to 46 treatment‐naïve samples showed a distinct genetic profile induced by the neoadjuvant therapy. More than 250 immune‐related genes were significantly differentially expressed between the two groups of samples. The results indicate that neoadjuvant therapy resets the innate immune activation in the tissue samples. A significantly higher infiltration of CD14+, CD33+, CSF1R+, and CD163+, MRC1+ cells were found in samples of the neoadjuvant arm. In contrast, B cells and various subtypes of T cells like CD8+ and FOXP3+ showed a significant decrease in the same samples. Pathway analysis revealed that the neoadjuvant treatment stimulated the expression of genes related to the complement activation, chemotaxis, and wound repair, while genes related to lymphocyte activation and adaptive immune responses were dominant in the treatment‐naïve arm. In conclusion, this is the first comprehensive study to describe the immune‐molecular changes as a result of neoadjuvant therapy in a randomized clinical trial. The results reveal the enrichment of the myeloid compartment following neoadjuvant therapy which was significantly associated with a survival benefit for the patients. Studying the personalized effect of neoadjuvant therapy will guide choosing the appropriate combined therapy for pancreatic cancer.
ESPAC-5 and future directions; Resume: I am a Professor of Surgery and Deputy Head of the Department of Molecular and Clinical Cancer Medicine at the University of Liverpool and Honorary Consultant Surgeon at the Royal Liverpool University Hospital. My research interests are in pancreatic cancer diagnosis, treatment and clinical trials. I am Chief Investigator of the ESPAC 5F and ESPAC 4 – Ampullary Clinical Trials. Previous clinical trials of PET CT and adjuvant therapy have been included in the evidence base for the NICE Guidelines for the Diagnosis and Management of Pancreatic Cancer. I am Chair of: (i) Cancer Research UK Clinical Research Monitoring Committee; (ii) the Best Practice Timed Pathway Task and Finish Group for Hepato‐Pancreato‐Biliary Cancer (NHS England) and (iii) the Optimising Care Pathway for Pancreatic Cancer (Pancreatic Cancer UK). I am a member of the NCRI pancreatic cancer subgroup, Pancreatic Cancer UK Scientific Advisory Board, Cancer Research UK Clinical Research Committee and HPB CRG Committee. I am the National Clinical Lead for HPB Cancer, NHS England. Abstract: Patients with borderline resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma have relatively low resection rates and poor survival despite the use of adjuvant chemotherapy. There have been a number of randomised trials comparing neoadjuvant therapy with immediate surgery in patients with pancreatic cancer, including the ESPAC 5 trial. The aim of ESPAC 5 was to establish the feasibility and efficacy of three different types of short‐course neoadjuvant therapy compared with immediate surgery. This was a multicentre, open label, randomised controlled trial. Eligible patients were aged 18 years or older, with a WHO performance status of 0 or 1, biopsy proven pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma in the pancreatic head, and were staged as having a borderline resectable tumour by contrast‐enhanced CT criteria. Participants were randomly assigned to one of four groups: immediate surgery; neoadjuvant gemcitabine and capecitabine (gemcitabine 1000 mg/m2 on days 1, 8, and 15, and oral capecitabine 830 mg/m2 twice a day on days 1–21 of a 28‐day cycle for two cycles); neoadjuvant FOLFIRINOX (oxaliplatin 85 mg/m2, irinotecan 180 mg/m2, folinic acid given according to local practice, and fluorouracil 400 mg/m2 bolus injection on days 1 and 15 followed by 2400 mg/m2 46 h intravenous infusion given on days 1 and 15, repeated every 2 weeks for four cycles); or neoadjuvant capecitabine‐based chemoradiation (total dose 50·4 Gy in 28 daily fractions over 5·5 weeks [1·8 Gy per fraction, Monday to Friday] with capecitabine 830 mg/m2 twice daily [Monday to Friday] throughout radiotherapy). Patients underwent restaging contrast‐enhanced CT at 4–6 weeks after neoadjuvant therapy and underwent surgical exploration if the tumour was still at least borderline resectable. All patients who had their tumour resected received adjuvant therapy at the oncologist's discretion. Primary endpoints were recruitment rate and resection rate. Analyses were done on an intention‐to‐treat basis. Between Sept 2014, and Dec 2018, 90 patients were randomly assigned to a group (33 to immediate surgery, 20 to gemcitabine plus capecitabine, 20 to FOLFIRINOX, and 17 to capecitabine‐based chemoradiation); four patients were excluded from the intention‐to‐treat analysis. The recruitment rate was 25·92 patients per year from 16 sites; 21 (68%) of 31 patients in the immediate surgery and 30 (55%) of 55 patients in the combined neoadjuvant therapy groups underwent resection (p=0·33). R0 resection was achieved in three (14%) of 21 patients in the immediate surgery group and seven (23%) of 30 in the neoadjuvant therapy groups combined (p=0·49). Surgical complications were observed in 29 (43%) of 68 patients who underwent surgery; no patients died within 30 days. 46 (84%) of 55 patients receiving neoadjuvant therapy were available for restaging. Median follow‐up time was 12·2 months (95% CI 12·0–12·4). 1‐year overall survival was 39% (95% CI 24–61) for immediate surgery, 78% (60–100) for gemcitabine plus capecitabine, 84% (70–100) for FOLFIRINOX, and 60% (37–97) for capecitabine‐based chemoradiotherapy (p=0·0028). There was no significant difference in resection rates between patients who underwent immediate surgery and those who underwent neoadjuvant therapy. Short‐course neoadjuvant therapy had a significant survival benefit compared with immediate surgery. Neoadjuvant chemotherapy with either gemcitabine plus capecitabine or FOLFIRINOX had the best survival compared with immediate surgery. These findings support the use of short‐course neoadjuvant chemotherapy in patients with borderline resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma.
A multicenter, randomized phase II study of total neoadjuvant therapy (TNT) with FOLFIRINOX (FFX) and SBRT, with or without losartan (L) and nivolumab (N) in borderline resectable (BR) and locally advanced (LA) pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC); Background: Outcomes in BR and LA PDAC remain historically poor, in part due to low rates of R0 resection. A prior phase II study demonstrated that losartan (L) as a TGF‐βeta inhibitor combined with FOLFIRINOX (FFX) and radiation in LA PDAC led to a 61% R0 resection rate. Additionally, prior phase II studies suggest potential synergy with SBRT and nivolumab (N) in PDAC.We conducted a multi‐center, randomized phase II trial to evaluate the effect of L and L+N in combination with TNT using FFX and SBRT. Methods: Patients with BR or LA PDAC by NCCN criteria, pathologically confirmed, ACE/ARB naïve, were randomized to TNT with FFX and SBRT (Arm 1), TNT + L (Arm 2), and TNT+L+N (Arm 3), stratified by BR/LA. Patients already on an ACE or ARB were enrolled on an exploratory arm of TNT+N (Arm 4) and will be reported separately. TNT consisted of FFX x 8 followed by SBRT (6.6 Gy x 5). L was given at 50 mg qd throughout TNT and for 6mo after surgery. N was given at 240 mg flat dosing q2 wks concurrent with SBRT and for 12 doses postoperatively. All patients were recommended for surgical exploration after TNT. The study was designed to compare the R0 resection rate on each of Arms 2 and 3 independently versus Arm 1 at a one‐sided 0.10 level. Secondary endpoints were PFS, OS, and pCR rates and analyzed using two‐sided tests with Arm 1 as the control arm. Intent‐to‐treat analysis was based on eligible patients who started therapy on protocol. Results: Patients with BR or LA PDAC by NCCN criteria, pathologically confirmed, ACE/ARB naïve, were randomized to TNT with FFX and SBRT (Arm 1), TNT + L (Arm 2), and TNT+L+N (Arm 3), stratified by BR/LA. Patients already on an ACE or ARB were enrolled on an exploratory arm of TNT+N (Arm 4) and will be reported separately. TNT consisted of FFX x 8 followed by SBRT (6.6 Gy x 5). L was given at 50 mg qd throughout TNT and for 6 mo after surgery. N was given at 240 mg flat dosing q2 wks concurrent with SBRT and for 12 doses postoperatively. All patients were recommended for surgical exploration after TNT. The study was designed to compare the R0 resection rate on each of Arms 2 and 3 independently versus Arm 1 at a one‐sided 0.10 level. Secondary endpoints were PFS, OS, and pCR rates and analyzed using two‐sided tests with Arm 1 as the control arm. Intent‐to‐treat analysis was based on eligible patients who started therapy on protocol. Conclusions: We did not observe effects of L and L+N on the R0 resection rate, PFS, OS, and pCR rate when added to TNT with FFX and SBRT for BR or LA PDAC. The lack of differences may reflect heterogeneity in surgical opinion as the decision for proceeding to surgery following TNT tends to be highly variable in a population with historically low resection rates.
Comparison of chemotherapy with radiochemotherapy as treatment of patients with locally advanced, primarily inoperable pancreatic carcinoma; INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Irinotecan 20 mg Pharmaceutical Form: Solution for infusion INN or Proposed INN: IRINOTECAN CAS Number: 97682‐44‐5 Concentration unit: mg/ml milligram(s)/millilitre Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 20‐ Trade Name: Fluorouracil Accord 50 mg/ml Pharmaceutical Form: Solution for infusion INN or Proposed INN: FLUOROURACIL SODIUM CAS Number: 51‐21‐8 Concentration unit: mg/ml milligram(s)/millilitre Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50‐ Trade Name: Oxaliplatin 5 mg/ml Pharmaceutical Form: Powder for solution for infusion INN or Proposed INN: OXALIPLATIN CAS Number: 61825‐94‐3 Concentration unit: mg/ml milligram(s)/millilitre Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 5‐ Trade Name: Capecitabin Sandoz 500 mg Pharmaceutical Form: Film‐coated tablet INN or Proposed INN: Capecitabin CAS Number: 154361‐50‐9 Other descriptive name: CAPECITABINE Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 500‐ Trade Name: Calciumfolinat “Ebewe” Pharmaceutical Form: Solution for injection INN or Proposed INN: Folinic acid (Leucovorin) CAS Number: 58‐05‐9 Other descriptive name: CALCIUM FOLINATE Concentration unit: mg/ml milligram(s)/millilitre Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 10‐ Trade Name: Capecitabin Sandoz 150 mg Pharmaceutical Form: Film‐coated tablet INN or Proposed INN: Capecitabin CAS Number: 154361‐50‐9 Other descriptive name: CAPECITABINE Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 150‐ CONDITION: locally advanced, primarily inoperable pancreatic carcinoma Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Cancer [C04] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To demonstrate that in patients suffering from a primarily inoperable LAPC neoadjuvant chemotherapy followed by concurrent neoadjuvant radiochemotherapy is superior to neoadjuvant chemotherapy alone in terms of R0‐resectability Primary end point(s): Histological R0 resection rate in the IIT population Secondary Objective: To demonstrate superior efficacy of neoadjuvant chemotherapy followed by concurrent neoadjuvant radiochemotherapy to neoadjuvant chemotherapy alone with respect to tumor response, histo‐pathological tumor response, progression‐free survival (PFS) and/or disease‐free survval (DFS) and overall survival (OS), toxicity, perioperative complications, radiochemotherapy quality assurance Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Surgery; SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): • Tumor response measured by RECIST criteria; • Histo‐pathological tumor response with respect to proportion of severely degenerative cancer cells; • DFS as time from surgery to PDAC recurrence in R0 patients; • PFS as time from randomization until disease progression; • OS as time from randomization to death from any cause; • occurrence of treatment related toxicities; • perioperative complications classified according to Clavien and Dindo; • total duration and interruptions of concurrent neoadjuvant radiochemotherapy, total dose of the radiotherapy and administration of concomitant chemotherapy Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: • Tumor response, histo‐pathological tumor response, perioperative complications, toxicities: after neoadjuvant treatment and surgery; • DFS, PFS, OS: after last patient had last FU‐Visit; INCLUSION CRITERIA: • Informed consent signed prior to randomization and prior to any study specific procedure • Patients with histologically proven PDAC, classified as locally advanced, primarily inoperable disease; • patients with suspicious peripancreatic lymph nodes at initial staging, accessible by surgery are included in the study • Tumor must have at least one diameter of 15 mm assessed with conventional imaging techniques (e.g. CT, MRI) and at least on diameter of 10 mm measured by contrast enhanced CT • Patients scheduled for neoadjuvant treatment by the interdisciplinary tumor board • Radiologically determinable disease defined by RECIST version 1.1 within 4 weeks prior to randomization • ECOG performance status =1 or Karnofsky =70% • Adequate hematologic function, as follows (= 7d prior to randomization): o absolute neutrophil count (ANC) =1.5 x 109/L (in case ANC is not routinely measured, as alternatively relative neutrophil count > 50% i
Neoadjuvant Chemotherapy for Pancreatic Cancer Followed by GS and GnP; gemcitabine plus S‐1 versus gemcitabine plus nab‐paclitaxel
Outcomes after neoadjuvant treatment with gemcitabine and erlotinib followed by gemcitabine-erlotinib and radiotherapy for resectable pancreatic cancer (GEMCAD 10-03 trial); Background: Neoadjuvant therapy (NAT) for pancreatic adenocarcinoma (PDAC) patients has shown promising results in non‐randomized trials. This is a multi‐institutional phase II trial of NAT in resectable PDAC patients. Methods: Patients with confirmed resectable PDAC after agreement by two expert radiologists were eligible. Patients received three cycles of GEM (1000 mg/m2/week) plus daily erlotinib (ERL) (100 mg/day). After re‐staging, patients without progressive disease underwent 5 weeks of therapy with GEM (300 mg/m2/week), ERL 100 mg/day and concomitant radiotherapy (45 Gy). Efficacy was assessed using tumor regression grade (TRG) and resection margin status. Using a single‐arm Simon’s design, considering the therapy not useful if R0 < 40% and useful if the R0 > 70% (alpha 5%, beta 10%), 24 patients needed to be recruited. This trial was registered at ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT01389440. Results: Twenty‐five patients were enrolled. Adverse effects of NAT were mainly mild gastrointestinal disorders. Resectability rate was 76%, with a R0 rate of 63.1% among the resected patients. Median overall survival (OS) and disease‐free survival (DFS) were 23.8 (95% CI 11.4–36.2) and 12.8 months (95% CI 8.6–17.1), respectively. R0 resection patients had better median OS, compared with patients with R1 resection or not resected (65.5 months vs. 15.5 months, p = 0.01). N0 rate among the resected patients was 63.1%, and showed a longer median OS (65.5 vs. 15.2 months, p = 0.009). Conclusion: The results of this study confirm promising oncologic results with NAT for patients with resectable PDAC. Therefore, the present trial supports the development of phase II randomized trials comparing NAT vs. upfront surgery in resectable pancreatic cancer.
Randomized controlled trial of 10-Fr plastic stent versus 6-mm diameter covered self-expandable metallic stent for preoperative biliary drainage in patient receiving neo-adjuvant chemotherapy for resectable and borderline resectable pancreatic cancer; INTERVENTION: Interventions is to place a 6‐mm diameter covered self‐expandable metallic stent for malignant distal biliary obstruction Control is to place a 10‐Fr plastic stent for malignant distal biliary obstruction CONDITION: pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: rate of recurrent biliary obstruction INCLUSION CRITERIA:
Borderline Resectable Pancreatic Cancer Neoadjuvant Chemoradiotherapy Clinicaltrial-1; This research study is a Phase II clinical trial that investigate whether neoadjuvant chemotherapy plus SBRT results in better outcomes compared with neoadjuvant chemotherapy alone and also compare the efficacy of gemcitabine plus nab‐paclitaxel with SBRT and S‐1 plus nab‐paclitaxel with SBRT. It is known that neoadjuvant therapy is vital for improved survival, which has been confirmed in previous studies that neoadjuvant chemotherapy with or without radiotherapy provides superior overall compared with upfront surgery. However, question of whether the addition of radiotherapy to neoadjuvant chemotherapy can improve prognosis compared with chemotherapy alone is a challenging matter. Also, no studies have evaluated the efficacy of S‐1 as the neoadjuvant chemotherapy regimen for BRPC albeit similar prognosis has been found between S‐1 and gemcitabine in advanced pancreatic cancer. In this trial, patients with biopsy and radiographically confirmed BRPC will be randomly allocated into three groups: neoadjuvant gemcitabine plus nab‐paclitaxel, neoadjuvant gemcitabine plus nab‐paclitaxel with SBRT and neoadjuvant S‐1 plus nab‐paclitaxel with SBRT. Surgical resection will be performed 3 weeks after SBRT. The primary endpoint is overall survival. The secondary outcomes are progression free survival, pathological complete response rate, R0 resection rate and incidence of adverse effects. If results show the survival benefits of neoadjuvant chemotherapy plus SBRT and similar outcomes between S‐1 and gemcitabine, it may provide evidence of clinical practice of this modality for BRPC.
Effect of anti-CTGF human recombinant monoclonal antibody pamrevlumab on resectability and resection rate when combined with gemcitabine/nab-paclitaxel in phase 1/2 clinical study for the treatment of locally advanced pancreatic cancer patients; Background: Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinomas exhibit high degree of desmoplasia with extensive connective tissue growth factor (CTGF) expression and extracellular matrix production. CTGF overexpression is associated with aberrant fibrous tissue in mouse model, in which progression of tissue adhesion was inhibited by pamrevlumab. We hypothesize that pamrevlumab, an anti‐CTGF antibody, may influence resectability of locally advanced pancreatic cancer (LAPC) by inhibiting effects of CTGF. Methods: Pamrevlumab + gemcitabine/Nab‐paclitaxel (G/N) (Arm A) vs G/N (Arm B) was given to treatment‐naïve LAPC patients to improve resection rate and overall survival (OS). Patients (N = 37) were randomized 2:1 in Arm A vs Arm B. Patients who completed 6 cycles of treatment underwent resectability assessment per protocol criteria (NCCN, CA 19‐9, PET, RECIST) and, if found eligible, underwent resection. No adjuvant therapy was given; second line therapy was administered per investigator discretion. Results: In the ITT population, a higher percentage of patients discontinued treatment in Arm B (46.2%) vs Arm A (25%), mainly due to disease progression or adverse events. More patients normalized PET in Arm A (35%) vs Arm B (23%). Thirty percent of patients overall had best objective RECIST response (CR + PR). More patients were eligible for surgery and were resected in Arm A vs Arm B; 70.8% vs 15.4% and 33.3% vs 7.7%, respectively. Improvement in OS was noted in patients eligible for surgery vs not (27.73 vs 18.40 months, p‐value = 0.0766) and in patients resected vs not (NE vs 18.56 months, p‐value = 0.0141). Progression‐free survival showed similar trend (16.39 vs 10.09 months, p‐value = 0.1049) and (16.39 vs 10.38 months, p‐value = 0.3778), respectively. No increase in serious adverse events or delay in wound healing post‐surgery was observed in Arm A vs. Arm B. Conclusions: These findings indicate that pamrevlumab may be a valuable addition to neoadjuvant therapy in LAPC without added toxicity. These results warrant a follow‐on study in a larger patient population.
A multi-institutional, single-arm, phase II trial of neoadjuvant modified-FOLFIRINOX for resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma; Background: Various peri‐operative treatments have been tested to increase the survival of localized PDAC. Even with superior survival among various disease extent of PDAC, resectable PDAC still shows poor outcomes with surgery followed by adjuvant chemotherapy. We report the result of a multiinstitutional phase II trial of modified‐FOLFIRINOX as neoadjuvant treatment for resectable PDAC. Methods: Treatment naïve pts with histologically confirmed resectable PDAC were enrolled. Resectability was confirmed by both CT and MRI according to NCCN resectability criteria (no arterial tumor contact to celiac axis, SMA or CHA; no tumor contact with SMV or PV or ≤180° contact without vein contour irregularity) in multidisciplinary team meeting. Patients received oxaliplatin 85mg/m2 D1 + leucovorin 400mg/m2 D1 + irinotecan 150mg/m2 D1 + 5‐FU 2,000mg/m2 46h continuous infusion, every other week for 6 cycles (12 weeks). Response assessments were performed every 6 weeks using the RECIST criteria version 1.1. Baseline MRI, PET‐CT scan, and pre‐surgery MRI after 6 cycles were mandatory. The primary endpoint was R0 resection rate. Secondary endpoints included survivals, ORR, safety, resection rate, and correlative biomarker exploration. (NCT05066802). Results: Total of 27 pts were enrolled between May 2020 and Feb 2022. Among total 27 pts, 24 pts underwent curative aim surgery after neoadjuvant treatment (resection rate 88.9%), and 23 pts showed R0 resection (23/ 27=85.2%), meeting the primary endpoint. Among 27 pts, 19 pts (70.4%) completed the neoadjuvant treatment per protocol. The reasons for neoadjuvant treatment discontinuation included progression of the disease (n=3, 11.1%) and pts withdrawal (n=5, 18.5%). Among 19 patients who underwent surgery per protocol, only one patient was R1 resected (R0 resection rate=94.7%). As of Sep 1, 2022 (median follow‐up duration = 15.2 months) 6 pts recurred after surgery (6/19=31.6%). Median recurfree survival was 18.7 months (95%CI 13.6‐NR) and median OS was not reached (95%CI 17.6‐NR) for the per protocol treated pts. Treatment‐related AE (≥G3) occurred in 10 pts (37.0%) including 7 (25.9%) with neutropenia G3‐4. Conclusions: Three months of neoadjuvant mFOLFIRINOX was feasible and tolerable for resectable PDAC. Larger randomized trial is needed to validate the impact of neoadjuvant chemotherapy for resectable pancreatic cancer and to find subgroup of pts who would get benefit most from the neoadjuvant treatment. Post hoc genomic analyses with paired preneoadjuvant treatment and surgical tissues are ongoing.
Neoadjuvant radiation therapy concurrent with S-1 followed by systemic Gemcitabine therapy for Borderline resectable pancreatic cancer patients; A phase2 study; INTERVENTION: Concurrent radiotherapy with S‐1: S‐1 (80mg/m2) on the irradiated day, Radiotherapy; a total dose of 50.4 Gy in 28 fractions. Systemic Gemcitabine therapy: Gemcitabine (1000mg/m2) is given by intravenous infusion over 30 min on days 1, 8, 15 every 4 week. This cycle was repeated 3 cycles. CONDITION: pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: R0 resection rate SECONDARY OUTCOME: completion rate, pathological effect , Response rate, CA19‐9 response rate, progression free survival, distant metastasis free survival, overall survival, adverse effect, surgical complication INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1) Pathologically or cytologically proven diagnosis of pancreas cancer. 2) Definition of a Borderline resectable pancreatic cancer is filled in NCCN guidelines 2012 pancreatic adenocarcinoma 3) No hepatic metastasis by EOB‐MR 4) Patients of age =>20 and 75> 5) Performance Status:0‐1 (ECOG) 6) Adequate oral intake 7) Good main organ function 8) Written informed consent
SWOG S1505: a randomized phase II study of perioperative mFOLFIRINOX vs. gemcitabine/nab-paclitaxel as therapy for resectable pancreatic adenocarcinom; Background: Clinical outcomes after curative therapy for resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDA) remain suboptimal. Series show that 70‐85% of patients die of systemic recurrence. Improved overall survival (OS) in the metastatic setting with the use of multi‐agent chemotherapy regimens (FOLFIRINOX, gemcitabine/nabpaclitaxel) holds the promise of progress in the curative setting as well. However, aggressive systemic therapy is usually not feasible after major pancreatic surgery. Therefore, early control of systemic disease by increased preoperative chemotherapy may improve outcomes. Furthermore, the perioperative platform facilitates early identification of patients with chemotherapy‐resistant tumors and allows prospective biomarker studies in the future. Methods: This is a randomized phase II study intended to choose the most promising perioperative regimen to test in a larger trial. Eligibility requirements include patients with an ECOG PS of 0 or 1, a confirmed histopathologic diagnosis of PDA, and resectable disease as confirmed by central radiology review: no involvement of the celiac, common hepatic, or superior mesenteric arteries (and, if present, variants); no involvement, or < 180° interface between tumor and vessel wall, of the portal or superior mesenteric veins; patent portal vein/splenic vein confluence; no metastases. Treatment includes 12 weeks [either mFOLFIRINOX (5‐ fluorouracil infusion (no bolus), irinotecan, oxaliplatin), or gemcitabine/nab‐paclitaxel] of preoperative chemotherapy, followed by surgical resection and 12 weeks of identical postoperative chemotherapy. Primary outcome is 2‐year OS, using a “pick the winner” design with minimum activity requirements. Assuming a historical 2‐year OS of 40% and a 58% alternative hypothesis, 88% power, a 1‐sided α of 0.05, and 100 eligible patients, the design provides a 90% probability of selecting the better regimen.
Is CTLA4 targeting the Achilles' heel of Merkel cell carcinoma?; Background: Merkel Cell Carcinoma (MCC) is a cutaneous malignancy with neuroendocrine differentiation, linked to infection with polyomavirus (MCPyV) in 80% of cases. PD1 inhibitors have recently been approved for this indication with ORR, 33‐56%; CR, 11‐24%; PFS, about 17 months; OS, about 12 months. Nivolumab was tested in the neoadjuvant setting with similar responses with pathological CR, 47%. Methods: Adjuvant pilot study (NCT03798639) with two immunotherapy regimens administered for one year to patients with completely resected MCC at high risk of recurrence (primary lesion of 2 cm2 or greater, positive or close margins ( < 2 cm), perineural or lymphovascular invasion, mitotic index ≥ 20 mitotic figures per mm2 , lymph node involvement (stage pIIIA or pIIIB) with or without extracapsular extension, or completely resected stage IV disease). Arm 1, nivolumab 480 mg q 4 wks and radiation therapy (RT) 50‐60 Gy in 25‐30 fractions, per standard of care. Arm 2, nivolumab 240 mg q 2 wks and ipilimumab 1 mg/kg q 6 wks. Primary objective was feasibility and completion of treatment in this population. Safety profile (CTCAE v5.0) and recurrence‐free survival (RFS) after 18 months were secondary endpoints. Patients were randomly allocated 1:1. Results: Ten patients were screened from January 2019 until April 2020, when COVID put the study on hold and the sponsor discontinued the free drug supply. Seven were enrolled. Four were allocated to Arm 1 and three to Arm 2. Patient characteristics in Table. All patients have completed treatment and are in follow‐up. Arm 1: all four patients completed radiation therapy and immunotherapy with no dose modifications or delays. Arm 2: one patient had nivolumab delayed 2 weeks for cellulitis, and another missed the last four last doses of nivolumab for cholecystitis and pancreatitis requiring surgery, unrelated to the immunotherapy. Adverse events (AE) were as expected. Arm1 caused more grade 2 and 3 AEs then Arm2 (no grade 3). One patient each discontinued treatment, in Arm 1 for progression and Arm 2 for immunotoxicity (temporal arteritis grade 2). One recurrence was observed in Arm 1 and none in Arm 2. Conclusions: The number of patients expected to recur at 1 year is 20%. Our observed data is insufficient to establish efficacy. However with no patient recurring in the ipilimumab arm after 18 months of follow‐up and lower observed side effects, we would favor this regimen for the next trial.
Multicenter randomized phase II trial of prophylactic right-half dissection of superior mesenteric artery nerve plexus in pancreatoduodenectomy for pancreatic head cancer; Aim: Right‐half dissection of the superior mesenteric artery (SMA) nerve plexus in pancreatoduodenectomy for pancreatic cancer was initiated to accomplish R0 resection; however, subsequent refractory diarrhea was a major concern. This study aimed to evaluate the necessity of this technique. Methods: From April 2014 to June 2018, 74 patients with pancreatic head cancer were randomly allocated to either Group A, in which right‐half dissection of the SMA nerve plexus was performed (n = 37), or Group B, in which total preservation of the nerve plexus was performed (n = 37). Short‐term, long‐term, and survival outcomes were prospectively compared between the groups. Results: The patient demographics, including the R0 resection rate, were not significantly different between the groups. Postoperative diarrhea occurred in 26 (70.3%) patients in Group A and 18 (48.6%) patients in Group B. There was a tendency for the development of severe diarrhea in Group A within 1 year postoperatively, and the frequency of diarrhea gradually decreased within 2 years, although that did not affect tolerance to adjuvant chemotherapy. There was no difference in either locoregional recurrence (27.0% vs 32.4%) or systemic recurrence (46.0% vs 46.0%). The median overall survival time in Groups A and B was 37.9 and 34.6 months, respectively (P = 0.77). Conclusion: We did not demonstrate a clinical impact of right‐half dissection of the SMA nerve plexus on locoregional recurrence or survival. Therefore, the prophylactic dissection of the SMA nerve plexus is unnecessary given that refractory diarrhea could be induced by this technique (UMIN000012241).
A clinical phase-II trial of neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy with S-1 and Gemcitabine for locally advanced pancreatic cancer (PerSeUS-GP02); INTERVENTION: After chemoradiation therapy with S‐1 and Gemcitabine, surgical resection is carried out. Post operative chemotherapy with S‐1 is continued for 1 year. S‐1; 80mg/m2/day (administration on the day of radiation therapy) Gemcitabine; 1000mg/m2/day, day1, 15, 29 Radiation therapy; a total dose of 39.6Gy by 22 fractions. Post operative chemotherapy with S‐1: S‐1; 80mg/m2 administration for 14 days, followed by a resting period for 7 days. CONDITION: Locally advanced pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: 1‐year survival rate SECONDARY OUTCOME: Progression free survival; Surgical resection rate; Curative resection rate; Response rate; Safety INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Histologically, cytologically or radiographically proven pancreatic cancer 2. Stage IVa borderline resectable pancreatic cancer defined in NCCN guidelines 2012 pancreatic adenocarcinoma 3. At least one measurable lesion 4. No prior history of the treatment such as surgical operation, radiotherapy, and chemotherapy for the lesion 5. ECOG performance status of 0‐1. 6. Adequate oral intakes 7. Sufficient organ function: Leukocytes: >= 3,500/mm3 Neutrophil: >= 2,000/mm3 Platelets: >= 100,000/mm3 Hemoglobin: >= 9g/dL Serum total bilirubin: <= 2.0mg/dL (or 3.0mg/dL in cases after biliary drainage) Serum transaminases: AST <= 100U/L (or 150U/L in cases after biliary drainage), ALT <= 100U/L (or 150U/L in cases after biliary drainage) Serum creatinine: <= 1.2mg/dL Creatinine clearance: >= 50ml/min (option) 8. Life expectancy of more than 3 months 9. Written informed consent
LBA56 Perioperative or only adjuvant nab-paclitaxel plus gemcitabine for resectable pancreatic cancer: results of the NEONAX trial, a randomized phase II AIO study; Background: Data on perioperative chemotherapy (CTX) in resectable pancreatic cancer (rPDAC) are limited. The NEONAX trial examined perioperative or adjuvant CTX with gemcitabine plus nab‐paclitaxel in rPDAC (NCCN criteria). Methods: This is a prospective, randomized phase II study against a fixed survival probability. 127 patients with rPDAC were randomized 1:1 to perioperative (2 pre‐ and 4 postoperative cycles, arm A, A) or adjuvant (6 cycles, arm B, B) gemcitabine/nab‐paclitaxel by 22 German centers from 7/2015 to 10/2019. Primary objective was an improvement of disease free survival (DFS‐R) 18mo after randomization from historical 38% to 55% in the mITT population comprising patients who fulfilled the inclusion criteria (ITT, n=59 both arms), were R0/R1 resected and started neoadjuvant (A) or adjuvant CTX (B). Results: ORR in A was 28.9%, PD rate (RECIST 1.1) during neoadjuvant CTX was 6.7%. Resection rate (RR) was 69.5% in A and 78.0% in B, R0‐RR was 87.8% in A and 67.4% in B. In the ITT population (ITT‐P) DFS‐R at 18mo was 28.7% in A and 19.3% in B, mDFS was 11.4mo in A and 5.9mo in B. Not all patients qualified for the mITT analysis: In A, 66.1% of the ITT‐P started neoadjuvant CTX and were R0/R1 resected (mITT). In B only 42.4% of the ITT‐P underwent R0/R1 resection and started adjuvant CTX (mITT, see the table). DFS‐R at 18mo in mITT (primary endpoint), was 32.2% in A and 41.4% in B not reaching 55% in both arms, the mDFS was 14.1mo and 17.0mo in A and B, respectively. [Formula presented] Conclusions: Perioperative CTX did not reach a DFS‐R at 18mo of 55% in the mITT population. Neoadjuvant CTX showed high R0‐RR and long DFS in the ITT‐P and could be applied to more patients than adjuvant CTX. Neoadjuvant CTX is proposed to be a new standard for trials also in rPDAC. Clinical trial identification: AIO‐PAK‐0313 (NEONAX) EudraCT 2013‐005559‐34; NCT02047513. Legal entity responsible for the study: AIO‐Studien‐gGmbH, Berlin, Germany. Funding: Bristol Myers Squibb GmbH & Co. KGaA. Disclosure: T. Seufferlein: Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Amgen; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: BMS; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Celgene; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: MSD; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Roche; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Servier; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Lilly; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Merck Serono; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Sanofi‐Aventis; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Celgene; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Bayer; Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: Amgen; Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: BMS; Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: Celgene; Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: MSD; Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: Roche; Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: Servier; Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: Merck Serono; Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: Sanofi‐Aventis; Financial Interests, Personal, Research Grant: Celgene; Financial Interests, Personal, Research Grant: Sanofi‐Aventis. H. Algül: Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Roche; Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant: Chugai; Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: MSD. V. Kunzmann: Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: MSD; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: BMS; Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: BMS; Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: MSD; Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant: BMS. A. Tannapfel: Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Falk Foundation; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Merck; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Amgen; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Pfizer; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Roche; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: BMS. A. Reinacher‐Schick: Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Amgen; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: BMS; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Merck Serono; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Celgene; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: MSD; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Pierre Fabre; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Pfizer; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Roche; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Servier; Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: Amgen; Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: BMS; Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: Celgene; Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: Lilly; Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: Merck Serono; Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: MSD; Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: Pfizer; Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: Roche; Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: Sanofi‐Aventis; Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: Servier; Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant: Roche; Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant: Ipsen; Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant: Amgen; Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant: AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant: Ipsen; Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant: Lilly; Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant: Servier; Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant: RafaelPharmaceutics. T.J. Ettrich: Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Roche; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Bayer; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Amgen; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: MSD; Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: MSD; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Merck; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Ipsen; Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: Ipsen; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Sanofi Aventis; Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: Eisai; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Pierre‐Fabre Pharma; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Incyte; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Lilly; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Bristol Myers Squibb; Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant: Servier; Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant: Sanofi Aventis; Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant: Celgene. All other authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
The feasibility and efficacy of a multi-component exercise program in pancreatic cancer patients receiving preoperative chemotherapy; INTERVENTION: The intervention is scheduled for a maximum period of 6 months, which will be terminated prior to surgical resection or at completion/permanent discontinuation of participants' prescribed neoadjuvant therapy. Participants in the intervention group will undertake supervised exercise training in the VARIO Health Clinic located at Edith Cowan University (ECU) Joondalup Campus and the Sport and Fitness Centre at ECU Mount Lawley campus at a frequency of two sessions per week with 45‐60 minutes/session. For each session, participants will perform 20‐30 minutes of resistance training, with the addition of either a maximum of 20 minutes of aerobic exercise or adapted sport‐related drills, which will be alternated from session to session. All the prescribed exercise components in a session will be performed in a one‐on‐one manner or in a small group (based on participants' training schedule/availability) and closely supervised by the investigator. The training program will follow the principle of progressive overload. In addition, individual physical and psychological status on a specific training day will be taken into account in order that appropriate exercise volume and intensity are adopted to facilitate session adherence and ensure safety participation. Each session will commence with a 5‐minute warm‐up that includes low‐intensity aerobic exercise and end with a 5‐minute cool‐down consisting of static stretches for the major muscle groups of the upper‐ and lower‐body. ‐ Resistance training Resistance training consists of four to six exercises that cover the major muscle groups of the upper‐ and lower‐body using machines and dumbbells (such as overhead press, pull‐down, chest press, seated row, leg press, and leg curl). For each exercise, participants will perfo CONDITION: Cancer ‐ Pancreatic pancreatic cancer; ; pancreatic cancer Physical Medicine / Rehabilitation ‐ Other physical medicine / rehabilitation PRIMARY OUTCOME: Feasibility as measured by the eligibility, recruitment, and attrition/retention rates of the study as well as the attendance and compliance rates of the program (intervention group only) that are determined by the recorded data in the training logbook[‐ Eligibility and recruitment rates assessed only at baseline; ‐ Attrition/retention rate assessed at a potential midpoint ( 4 months post‐intervention commencement) and at the completion of the intervention (maximum 6 months post‐intervention commencement; ‐ Session attendance rate and program compliance rate assessed in each of the prescribed sessions] Safety as measured by the incidence and severity/nature of adverse events (AEs) for all participants recorded by the investigator, study clinicians and participants themselves in a logbook or medical records throughout the intervention period, including intervention‐related AEs (such as muscle strain and ankle sprain) and non‐intervention related AEs (such as neuropathy, diarrhea, and vomit)[Actively monitored during the intervention period (maximum 6 months post‐intervention commencement)] SECONDARY OUTCOME: Body composition determined collectively by whole‐body lean mass, fat mass and percentage body fat and measured using dual‐energy x‐ray absorptiometry[At baseline, potential midpoint ( 4 months post‐intervention commencement), the completion of the intervention (maximum 6 months post‐intervention commencement), and six months after the post‐intervention assessment] 4 months post‐intervention commencement), and at the completion of the intervention (maximum 6 months post‐intervention commencement)] Cancer‐related fatigue measured by the EORTC QLQ‐C30 in conjunction with the EORTC QLQ‐FA12 questionnaire[At baseline, potential midpoint ( 4 months post‐intervention commencement), and at the completion of the intervention (maximum 6 months post‐intervention commencement)] Cardiorespiratory fitness as measured using the 400‐meter walk test[At baseline, potential midpoint ( 4 months post‐intervention commencement), and at the completion of the intervention (maximum 6 months post‐intervention commencement)] Chemotherapy completion rate assessed as the average relative dose intensity (RDI) by chemotherapy regimens; the relevant data will be obtained from participants' medical records[At the potential midpoint ( 4 months post‐intervention commencement), and the completion of the intervention (maximum 6 months post‐intervention commencement)] Dynamic balance control as assessed using a timed 6‐meter backwards tandem walk[At baseline, potential midpoint ( 4 months post‐intervention commencement), and at the completion of the intervention (maximum 6 months post‐intervention commencement)] Hematological toxicity of the prescribed chemotherapy determined by composite evaluation of blood profile, including erythrocyte, leukocyte and thrombocyte counts and hemoglobin concentration[At baseline, potential midpoint ( 4 months post‐intervention commencement), and at the completion of the intervention (maximum 6 months post‐intervention commencement)] Length of hospital stay measured as the duration of a single episode of hospitalisation in patients who undergo elective surgical resection; the relevant data will be obtained from participants' medical records[At six months after the post‐intervention assessment (maximum 12 months post‐intervention commencement)] Lower extremity functional performance as measured using the repeated chair rise test[At baseline, potential midpoint ( 4 months post‐intervention commencement), and at the completion of the intervention (maximum 6 months post‐intervention commencement)] Muscle strength as measured collectively by the one‐repetition maximum (1RM) chest press and leg press tests[At baseline, potential midpoint ( 4 months post‐intervention commencement), and at the completion of the intervention (maximum 6 months post‐intervention commencement)] Physical activity level as measured by the Godin‐Shephard Leisure‐Time Physical Activity Questionnaire[At baseline, potential midpoint ( 4 months post‐intervention commencement), and at the completion of the intervention (maximum 6 months post‐intervention commencement)] Progression‐free survival as measured by the length of time elapsed between intervention initiation and tumour progression or death from any cause[At the potential midpoint ( 4 months post‐intervention commencement), the completion of the intervention (maximum 6 months post‐intervention commencement), and six months after the post‐intervention assessment] Psychological distress measured using the Brief Symptom Inventory‐18 questionnaire[At baseline, potential midpoint ( 4 months post‐intervention commencement), and at the completion of the intervention (maximum 6 months post‐intervention commencement)] Quality of life measured using the European Organization for Research and Treatment of Cancer Quality of Life Questionnaire Core module (EORTC QLQ‐C30) in conjunction with the disease‐specific module (EORTC QLQ‐PAN26)[At baseline, potential midpoint ( 4 months post‐intervention commencement), and at the completion of the intervention (maximum 6 months post‐intervention commencement)] R0 resection rate examined as the proportion of the study patients who undergo elective surgical resection with clear margin (defined as >1mm); the relevant data will be obtained from participants' medical records[At the potential midpoint ( 4 months post‐intervention commencement), and the completion of the intervention (maximum 6 months post‐intervention commencement)] Resumption of activities of daily living as measured by a modified Resumption of Activities of Daily Living Scale in patients who undergo elective surgery[At six months after the post‐intervention assessment (maximum 12 months post‐intervention commencement)] Surgical resection rate assessed as the proportion of the study patients who achieve resectability as defined by the Australiasian Gastro‐Intestinal Trials Group and who proceed to elective surgical resection; the relevant data will be obtained from participants' medical records[At the potential midpoint ( 4 months post‐intervention commencement), and the completion of the intervention (maximum 6 months post‐intervention commencement)] The views of participants towards the sport‐related component in the program as examined by the Physical Activity Enjoyment Scale (PACES)[At the completion of the intervention (maximum 6 months post‐intervention commencement)] Tumour progression measured using imaging scans (e.g., PET‐CT and MRI) and/or blood biomarkers (e.g., carbohydrate antigen 19‐9)[At the potential midpoint ( INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients diagnosed with borderline resectable or locally advanced pancreatic adenocarcinoma as per the definition proposed by the Australasian Gastro‐Intestinal Trials Group and waiting to commence or within four weeks after starting their prescribed chemotherapy
Outcomes in treatment of locally advanced pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma with irreversible electroporation at a single institution; Presenter: Daniel Wolbrom MD, MPH | Stony Brook University Hospital Background: Locally advanced pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (LAPD) presents with the unique feature of non‐metastatic, unresectable disease. Data show that LAPD 5‐year overall survival is about 12%, approaching all‐stage overall pancreatic cancer survival of less than 10%. Therefore, the utilization of an alternative local surgical therapy, such as irreversible electroporation (IRE), a non‐thermal ablative technique, may confer survival advantage with minimal morbidity. Methods: Single institution retrospective study of all patients diagnosed with pancreatic cancer from 2012‐2020, treated with IRE and analyzed for perioperative and oncologic outcomes. Statistical analysis was done using the Mann‐Whitney non parametric test and Kaplan‐Meier survival analysis. Results: Twenty two patients received 24 procedures, of which 2 patients received repeat IRE procedures. The median procedure duration was 174.5 (IQR 123.5‐212.3) minutes, median blood loss 27.5 (IQR 20‐87.5) cc, and intraoperative transfusion occurred in 4.2% of cases. Nine cases included the formation of a gastrojejunostomy. None of the patients required ICU admission. Time to regular diet and length of stay (LOS) medians were 3 (IQR 2‐3.75) and 4.5 (IQR 4‐6.75) respectively. LOS was not affected by the performance of gastrojejunostomy (median 5 vs 4 days, p: 0.089), which affected the diet initiation (median 3 vs 2 days, p: 0.016). Perioperative 30 day mortality was null, with perioperative 30 day morbidity (Clavien‐Dindo III/IV) was 12.5%, including a patient who returned to the OR. All patients were discharged to home and readmission rate was 8.2%. Long term outcomes were significant for 1, 2, and 5 year overall survival of 72.7%, 27.3%, and 22.7% respectively, with median survival 15.2 months. Preoperative chemotherapy was received by 90.1%, whereas all the patients with known follow up received postoperative chemotherapy. Conclusion: IRE appears to be a promising treatment modality for LAPD. While there is a lack of randomized clinical evidence in the literature, our study is on par with encouraging results previously published. Further investigation is warranted for this technique. [Formula presented]
Dosimetric parameters correlate with duodenal histopathologic damage after stereotactic body radiotherapy for pancreatic cancer: secondary analysis of a prospective clinical trial; Purpose Prospectively assess relationships between dosimetric parameters and histopathologic/clinical duodenal toxicities in patients on a phase I trial for pancreatic cancer. Methods Forty‐six borderline resectable/unresectable patients were enrolled on a prospective trial testing neoadjuvant gemcitabine/5‐fluorouracil followed by SBRT (5 daily fractions of 5–8 Gy) and concurrent nelfinavir. Post‐SBRT surgery was performed in 13 resectable patients, which constituted the patient population herein. Pathologic duodenal damage was assessed using predetermined criteria: 1, no/minimal; 2, moderate; and 3, marked damage. Clinical toxicities were assessed per the Clinical Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE). Duodenal dosimetric parameters included V5–V40 and mean/maximum doses. Spearman correlation and linear regression evaluated associations between dosimetric parameters and clinical/pathologic duodenal toxicity. Results The median duodenal mean and maximum doses were 20 and 37 Gy. Median duodenal V5–V40 were 64, 62, 52, 39, 27, 14, 5 and 0 cc, respectively. The median duodenal damage score was 2 (four 1, eight 2, and one 3). Higher duodenal damage scores correlated with higher duodenal mean doses (r = 0.75, p = 0.003), V35 (r = 0.61, p = 0.03), V30 (r = 0.67, p = 0.01), V25 (r = 0.68, p = 0.01), V20 (r = 0.56, p = 0.05), and the planning target volume (PTV) mean (r = 0.59, p = 0.03) and maximum (r = 0.61, p = 0.03) doses. Clinical toxicities did not correlate with dosimetric parameters or duodenal pathologic damage. Conclusions Duodenal histologic damage correlates with mean duodenal dose, V20‐V35, and PTV mean/maximum doses.
ExeNTrO: exercise During Neoadjuvant Chemoradiation Treatment to Improve Rectal and Esophageal Cancer Outcome - Pilot Trial; Strong evidence from randomized controlled trials (RCT) showed that physical exercise during chemotherapy or radiotherapy benefits physical fitness, muscle mass, muscle strength, fatigue, and health‐related quality of life (HRQoL). Additionally, exercise may counteract treatment‐related side effects and help prevent treatment modifications, which might improve survival. To date, the majority of RCTs examining the effects of exercise during cancer treatment have been conducted in patients with breast cancer or prostate cancer who were treated with curative intent. Due to differences in treatment trajectories and side effects, generalisability of these findings to patients with other types of cancer is limited. Additionally, widespread implementation of exercise in clinical cancer care is hampered by the lack of knowledge of the exercise effects on clinical outcome, e.g. tumour recurrence, progression and cancer‐specific survival. Also, the causality and underlying physiological and biological mechanisms linking exercise to clinical outcome are largely unknown. This knowledge is essential to understand the potential and limitations of exercise as integral part of cancer care and to further optimize exercise interventions. Pre‐clinical studies have shown that exercise can directly impact tumour growth and function as sensitizer for anticancer treatment. However, it is unclear whether these results can be translated to patients. Standard treatment for patients with esophageal cancer and for a part of the patients with rectal cancer includes neoadjuvant chemoradiation treatment (NCRT), followed by a 6 ‐ 12 weeks or 8 ‐ 10 weeks waiting period prior to surgical resection, respectively. NCRT might reduce tumour size and even induce a pathological complete response. However, pathological complete response rate after NCRT is relatively low for these patient populations: 15‐20% for rectal cancer and 30% for esophageal cancer. A part of patients with rectal cancer are treated with radiotherapy (50 Gray in 25 fractions of 2 Gray) for five weeks combined with the oral chemotherapy capecitabine. NCRT for patients with esophageal cancer includes radiotherapy (41.4 Gray in 23 fractions for 5 days a week) combined with the intravenous chemotherapies paclitaxel and carboplatin once a week for 5 weeks. Besides the curative value of NCRT it may cause severe treatment‐related side effects including diarrhoea, fatigue, haematological toxicity, and neuropathy. Exercise training may counteract side effects such as fatigue, neutropenia, neuropathy, and gastrointestinal problems (e.g. nausea) while simultaneously improving physical fitness and HRQoL. Exercise frequency, intensity, timing and type may impact the effects of the intervention. For example, aerobic exercise at higher intensities may provide larger cardiovascular benefits, but may result in more gastrointestinal side effects. Therefore, it is important to study whether exercise is feasible during neoadjuvant chemoradiation, and whether exercise frequency, intensity, and timing can induce different effects. Thus, more knowledge is needed on the feasibility and effectivity of exercise prescriptions in patients with rectal or esophageal cancer, and the robustness of the potential exercise‐induced effects across patient populations. Improving neoadjuvant treatment in these patients populations might enable more organ saving surgeries, and increase survival rates. Potential mechanisms of exercise training influencing clinical and pathological response In addition to the well‐established influence of physical exercise on physical fitness and the HRQoL in patients with cancer, pre‐clinical studies showed that exercise training can directly influence tumour growth. To illustrate, studies in rodents revealed a few possible mechanisms by which exercise training can influence tumour physiology, including exercise‐induced immune reactions, and alterations in vascularisation and perfusion of the tumour. Studies in mice showed exercise‐induced immune reactions, stimulated by the release of epinephrine and the cytokine interleukin‐6 (IL‐6). IL‐6 and epinephrine can initiate an immune response which mobilises, activates and redistributes natural killer (NK) cells. These processes have shown to stimulate the infiltration of activated NK cells in the tumour and to reduce tumour growth. Secondly, in mouse‐models, exercise training showed to induce a 'normalisation' of the intratumoural vasculature, reducing hypoxia and thereby improving the chemotherapeutic and radiotherapeutic efficiency. Both pathways might contribute to a more rapid tumour regression. Due to differences between animal models and humans, including feasible exercise levels, tumour characteristics, metabolic rates and potential comorbidities, it is unclear whether these results can directly be translated to (wo)men. The number of studies in patients investigating mechanistic pathways of exercise‐induced tumour changes are scarce. Long‐term exercise training as well as acute exercise bouts are characterised by specific physiological responses leading to immediate and chronic adaptations. Exploratory studies on exercise during neoadjuvant chemotherapy in patients provided initial support for the hypothesis that exercise can modulate several host‐ and tumour related pathways. These studies showed that exercise influenced circulating systemic factors, such as vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF), Tumour Necrosis factor (TNF)‐α, interleukins (ILs), and intracellular adhesion molecule (ICAM)‐1. Due to the exercise‐induced release of circulating systemic anti‐inflammatory cytokines and angiogenic factors, aerobic training might improve immune activation in patients. Indeed, studies investigating the immune system showed that acute exercise induces a mobilisation of NK cells (and an improved NK‐cell cytotoxicity in patients with cancer. In addition, data from our METRIC pilot trial in 14 patients with breast or colon cancer, showed that a 9‐week exercise intervention during chemotherapy preserved NK‐cell functionality (degranulation and cytotoxicity) compared to a reduction in the usual care control group, with a 10% difference between groups. To our knowledge there are only two clinical trials in patients who investigated the influence of exercise training on tumour perfusion and vascularisation. In the study of Jones et al. among women with breast cancer, only limited data was available for perfusion assessments due to the relatively high proportion of patients with pathological complete responses. The study of Florez Bedoya et al. in patients with pancreatic cancer showed an increased number of vessels, elongated vessels, open vessels and an increased microvascular density in the tumour of patients who received an exercise intervention compared to historic control samples. Studies assessing changes in immune activation in the blood as well as intra‐tumoural vascularisation and immune infiltration after exercise training during NCRT are non‐existent in patients with rectal or esophageal cancer. Another potential mechanism through which exercise may affect tumour response to NCRT in patients with rectal cancer is an altered microbiome. At the pathology department of Radboudumc, dr. Boleij and Prof. dr. Nagtegaal examine the mucosal and fecal microbiome in relation to colorectal cancer development and disease progression using in situ detection techniques and feces collections at multiple timepoints during disease trajectories. Exercise may have a positive effect on the microbiome, by modifying the microbiota and increases health‐beneficial gut bacteria populations. An insight in changes in the microbiome after an exercise intervention during NCRT might provide valuable information about the tumour micro‐environment. Hence, in this pilot study we want to exploratively include the collection of feces in patients with rectal cancer. Besides the effects of exercise training after multiple sessions, pre‐clinical studies showed that the induced effects of one exercise bout might already interfere with mechanisms underlying cancer progression and treatment response. Potential mechanisms for this acute phenomenon include mild hyperthermia, augmented tumour perfusion, reduced tumour hypoxia, and enhanced immune mobilisation. Even after one exercise bout these mechanisms may enhance tumour oxygenation and immunity, which could potentially, driven by accumulative effects of repeated acute exercise, result in improved radiotherapy efficacy. An acute bout of exercise in healthy participants induces a large transient increase in peripheral blood lymphocyte counts, including NK cells and CD8+ T cells. In addition, an acute exercise bout can increase NK‐cell cytotoxicity with 50 ‐ 100%. Lymphocyte numbers return to below pre‐exercise values 1‐2 hours after exercise, possibly reflecting a redistribution of immune cells to peripheral tissue, which could be beneficial for immune surveillance. It was shown that acute exercise in healthy individuals selectively mobilises memory CD8+ T cells. Notably, Goedegebuure et al. showed that esophageal cancer patients enriched with circulating CD8+ memory T cells prior to the start of treatment were more likely to have a pathological complete response after NCRT. Also, high levels of CD8+ memory T cell infiltration in the tumour are associated with a good prognosis in both esophageal and colorectal cancer. Besides the immune activation, pre‐clinical studies showed that acute exercise might impact the tumour perfusion and hypoxia. As reported above, several pre‐clinical studies report more patent and perfused vessels after exercise training, resulting in a larger and more homogeneously perfused tumour area. An acute reduction in hypoxia might make the tumour more sensitive to the radiotherapy. In addition, exercise‐induced hyperthermia of the human body might induce vasodilatation, increase perfusion and make the tumour more permissible for immune cells. Consequently, linking the immune effects and perfusion effects of acute exercise to radiotherapy efficacy reveals the possibility of acute exercise as radiosensitizer. A close timing of an exercise session directly prior a radiotherapy session might be beneficial for the radiotherapy response. Exercise prior to a radiotherapy session was proven to be feasible and safe in patients with non‐small cell lung carcinoma. The feasibility and safety of an exercise intervention during NCRT in patients with rectal cancer and esophageal cancer has been evaluated in previous studies. High adherence rates and no adverse events related to the exercise intervention were reported in these studies, and most reported barriers were willingness to participate and recruitment of patients. We foresee that close collaborations with our multidisciplinary research team (e.g. clinical researchers, clinicians,specially trained physiotherapists, tumour immunologist, pathologist) and alignment of measurements with routine clinical practice will reduce these barriers. These previous studies explored the effects of exercise interventions during neoadjuvant therapy on physical activity, fitness, HRQoL, and post‐operative complications. Additionally, exploratory studies detected that exercise during NCRT in patients with rectal cancer and esophageal cancer might lead to an augmented tumour regression. However, both in patients with rectal and esophageal cancer, there is only one RCT investigating the feasibility of a supervised exercise intervention during NCRT, and none of the currently performed studies included investigations of underlying mechanisms of action. To our knowledge there is only one RCT evaluating the feasibility of aerobic exercise prior to each radiotherapy session during concomitant chemoradiotherapy (24). This small trial in patients with locally advanced non‐small cell lung cancer showed that pre‐radiotherapy exercise was safe and feasible. We aim to conduct a three‐arm pilot RCT in patients with rectal or esophageal cancer, while simultaneously collecting data on the underlying mechanisms through which exercise can influence tumour microenvironment. This pilot will investigate the feasibility of 1) AE + RT; an exercise intervention consisting of two exercise sessions per week combining moderate‐to‐high aerobic exercise (AE) and resistance exercise (RE) supervised by a first‐line specially educated physiotherapist, and one home‐based moderate intensity aerobic exercise session per week, 2) ExPR; in‐hospital exercise intervention consisting of 30 min moderate intensity aerobic exercise sessions within one hour prior to every radiotherapy session (five times a week). Both interventions are similar in terms of weekly exercise volume. Simultaneously, this pilot will gather preliminary data on measures of variability on the potential efficacy of exercise on immune function, immune infiltration and vascularisation of both exercise interventions. Additionally, we will evaluate the acute immune response of one exercise session in patients in the ExPR group. Knowledge on the feasibility and preliminary results of the underlying mechanisms of exercise regimes will be a first step towards improved supportive care for patients with rectal and esophageal cancer receiving neoadjuvant chemoradiation. If the preliminary results on underlying mechanisms are promising, we aim to write a grant application to set up a sufficiently powered multi‐centre randomized controlled trial in cooperation with other large medical centres (e.g. Erasmus MC, Amsterdam UMC), focusing on the effects of exercise on tumour responses and underlying mechanisms.
Abstracts of the Americas Hepato-Pancreato-Biliary 2019 Annual Meeting, March 20-24, Miami Beach, Florida, USA; The proceedings contains 345 papers. The topics discussed include: Circulating tumor cells dynamics in pancreatic adenocarcinoma correlate with disease status: Results of the prospective cluster study;The patient perspective to cancer care: Aligning physician expectations with patients' wishes;Phlebotomy resulting in controlled hypovolemia to prevent blood loss in major hepatic resections (PRICE‐1): A feasibility randomized controlled trial;Interrogation of XPO7 pathobiology in cholangiocarcinoma to elucidate therapeutic vulnerabilities;Dysglycemia after distal pancreatectomy: Results of a 10‐year series using prospective endocrine evaluation;Does resection improve overall survival for intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma with multiple nodal metastases?;Comparison of primary and metastatic pancreatic cancer by integration of clinical, pathologic, genomic and transcriptional features;Intratumoral interleukin‐6 and myeloid cell subsets within the cholangiocarcinoma tumor microenvironment;Not all point mutations are the same: A multi‐institutional study of KRAS in colorectal liver metastases;Performance of a modified 3‐level classification in stratifying open liver resection procedures in terms of complexity and postoperative morbidity;Long‐term outcomes in patients who received chemotherapy and immunotherapy following curative‐intent resection of colorectal liver metastases;Does Ct volumetry accurately predict functional reserve of the future liver remnant after major hepatectomy?;Complex hepato‐pancreato‐billiary (HPB) caseload during general surgery residency training: Are we adequately training the next generation?;A model for accelerated liver regeneration in ALPPS: Hypoxia of hepatic stellate cells increases VEGF‐dependent angiogenesis;Comparable oncologic outcomes after minimally invasive hepatectomy compared to open approach: 10‐year review of recurrences and survival of CRCLM patients;Overcoming transarterial chemoembolization resistance through metabolic reprogramming in hepatocellular carcinoma;Outcome including long‐term quality of life after total pancreatectomy (Panorama): A nationwide cohort study;Neoadjuvant therapy does not alter pattern of progression in pancreatic adenocarcinoma;Robotic transduodenal ampullectomy;Laparoscopic‐assisted ERCP
Comparing Gemcetabine and Capecitabine versus Gemcitabine monotherapy in chemotherapy for pancreatic cancer; INTERVENTION: Product Name: gemcitabine Product Code: Gem Pharmaceutical Form: Powder for solution for infusion INN or Proposed INN: gemcitabine CAS Number: 95058‐81‐4 Product Name: capecitabine Product Code: Cap Pharmaceutical Form: Film‐coated tablet INN or Proposed INN: capecitabine CAS Number: 154361‐50‐9 CONDITION: Resectable pancreatic cancer ; MedDRA version: 19.0 Level: LLT Classification code 10033602 Term: Pancreatic adenocarcinoma resectable System Organ Class: 100000004864 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Cancer [C04] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To investigate if combination chemotherapy (gemcitabine and capecitabine), when used as adjuvant therapy in patients following resection for pancreatic adenocarcinoma, improves survival over adjuvant therapy using gemcitabine alone. Primary end point(s): Length of survival. This measure is length of survival defined as number of days between date of randomisation and date of death due to any cause (event) or date of last follow‐up if patient is still alive at time of analysis (censored). Secondary Objective: 1. To compare the proportion of grade 3/4 toxicity across the treatment types.; 2. To assess Quality of Life over time and treatment groups using the EORTC‐C30 questionnaire.; 3. To investigate and compare two year survival rates for the treatments.; 4. To investigate and compare five year survival rates for the treatments. ; 5. To assess and compare relapse free survival (RFS).; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Patients who have undergone complete macroscopic resection for ductal adenocarcinoma of the pancreas (R0 or R1 resection). 2. Completion of all pre‐operative investigations. 3. Histological confirmation of the primary diagnosis. 4. Histological examination of all resection margins. 5. Patients randomised within 12 weeks of surgery an begin treatment with 14 weeks. 6. No evidence of malignant ascites, liver metastasis, spread to other distant abdominal organs, peritoneal metastasis, spread to extra‐abdominal organs – CT scan within 3 months prior to randomisation. 7. A WHO performance status < 2 8. Creatinine clearance = 50ml/min (according to Cockcroft and Gault) 9. Fully recovered from the operation and fit to take part in the trial. 10. Able to attend for administration of the adjuvant therapy. 11. Able to attend for long‐term follow‐up. 12. Life expectancy > 3 months. 13. No previous or concurrent malignancy diagnoses
Neoadjuvant chemoradiation therapy with gemcitabine/cisplatin and surgery versus immediate surgery in resectable pancreatic cancer: results of the first prospective randomized phase II trial; BACKGROUND: In nonrandomized trials, neoadjuvant treatment was reported to prolong survival in patients with pancreatic cancer. As neoadjuvant chemoradiation is established for the treatment of rectal cancer we examined the value of neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy in pancreatic cancer in a randomized phase II trial. Radiological staging defining resectability was basic information prior to randomization in contrast to adjuvant therapy trials resting on pathological staging. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Patients with resectable adenocarcinoma of the pancreatic head were randomized to primary surgery (Arm A) or neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy followed by surgery (Arm B), which was followed by adjuvant chemotherapy in both arms. A total of 254 patients were required to detect a 4.33‐month improvement in median overall survival (mOS). RESULTS: The trial was stopped after 73 patients; 66 patients were eligible for analysis. Twenty nine of 33 allocated patients received chemoradiotherapy. Radiotherapy was completed in all patients. Chemotherapy was changed in 3 patients due to toxicity. Tumor resection was performed in 23 vs. 19 patients (A vs. B). The R0 resection rate was 48% (A) and 52% (B, P = 0.81) and (y)pN0 was 30% (A) vs. 39% (B, P = 0.44), respectively. Postoperative complications were comparable in both groups. mOS was 14.4 vs. 17.4 months (A vs. B; intention‐to‐treat analysis; P = 0.96). After tumor resection, mOS was 18.9 vs. 25.0 months (A vs. B; P = 0.79). CONCLUSION: This worldwide first randomized trial for neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy in pancreatic cancer showed that neoadjuvant chemoradiation is safe with respect to toxicity, perioperative morbidity, and mortality. Nevertheless, the trial was terminated early due to slow recruiting and the results were not significant. ISRCTN78805636; NCT00335543.
Intensity modulated radiotherapy as neoadjuvant chemoradiation for the treatment of patients with locally advanced pancreatic cancer. Outcome analysis and comparison with a 3D-treated patient cohort; BACKGROUND: To evaluate outcome after intensity modulated radiotherapy (IMRT) compared to 3D conformal radiotherapy (3D‐RT) as neoadjuvant treatment in patients with locally advanced pancreatic cancer (LAPC). MATERIALS AND METHODS: In total, 57 patients with LAPC were treated with IMRT and chemotherapy. A median total dose of 45 Gy to the PTV_baseplan and 54 Gy to the PTV_boost in single doses of 1.8 Gy for the PTV_baseplan and median single doses of 2.2 Gy in the PTV_boost were applied. Outcomes were evaluated and compared to a large cohort of patients treated with 3D‐RT. RESULTS: Overall treatment was well tolerated in all patients and IMRT could be completed without interruptions. Median overall survival was 11 months (range 5‐37.5 months). Actuarial overall survival at 12 and 24 months was 36 % and 8 %, respectively. A significant impact on overall survival could only be observed for a decrease in CA 19‐9 during treatment, patients with less pre‐treatment CA 19‐9 than the median, as well as weight loss during treatment. Local progression‐free survival was 79 % after 6 months, 39 % after 12 months, and 13 % after 24 months. No factors significantly influencing local progression‐free survival could be identified. There was no difference in overall and progression‐free survival between 3D‐RT and IMRT. Secondary resectability was similar in both groups (26 % vs. 28 %). Toxicity was comparable and consisted mainly of hematological toxicity due to chemotherapy. CONCLUSION: IMRT leads to a comparable outcome compared to 3D‐RT in patients with LAPC. In the future, the improved dose distribution, as well as advances in image‐guided radiotherapy (IGRT) techniques, may improve the use of IMRT in local dose escalation strategies to potentially improve outcome.
PEMBRO With Chemo in Neo Adj Treatment of Ovarian Cancer; The standard procedure for initial diagnosis recommends the realization of laparoscopyfirst for all suspicious advanced ovarian carcinoma. This procedure should able toconfirm histo‐logical diagnosis and to describe the all abdominal extension of thedisease.For advanced stages, complete primary cyto‐reductive surgery followed by 6 cycles ofchemotherapy based remains the standard of care as first treatment in ovarian cancer. Itis part of a large surgery including total hysterectomy, bilateral salpingo‐oophorectomy,omentectomy, appendectomy, lymphadenectomy and removal of all peritoneal carcinomatosis.More recently, complete resection of all macroscopic disease at primary debulking surgeryhas been shown to be the single most important independent prognostic factor in advancedovarian carcinoma , and this was confirmed for interval debulking surgery (IDS) after neoadjuvant chemotherapy in the EORTC‐GCG study . These results suggest that neo‐adjuvantchemotherapy followed by surgical cytoreduction is an acceptable management strategy forpatients with advanced ovarian cancer and is more and more frequently used in Europe inadvanced ovarian cancer patients with high burden of tumor . Due to these confirmedresults, the rate of patients receiving neo adjuvant chemotherapy increased over timecompared to up front surgery Hence, we hypothesize that improving the response rate toneo adjuvant chemotherapy would improve the optimal debulking rate at IDS and ultimatelythe survival. This change of medical practices over time opened the possibility toexplore new agent in combination with chemotherapy. For patients whose extent of diseaseis not amenable to complete or optimal upfront debulking surgery, neo adjuvant treatmentwith carboplatin plus paclitaxel should be considered, followed by an interval debulkingsurgery. A minimum of 3 cycles of carboplatin/paclitaxel must be administered before topropose interval surgery. After interval surgery, completion of the chemotherapy with 3or 4 more chemotherapy regimen is proposed.For patients with macroscopic residual disease or when disease remains unresectable,combination with bevacizumab to adjuvant chemotherapy then a maintenance phase ofbevacizumab alone can be proposed as a standard of care Given that facts, there is astrong rationale to introduce additional neo adjuvant therapies that would strengthen thetumor shrinkage and improve the resectability rate.Furthermore, immune surveillance plays an important role in tumor outcome of ovariancancer patients. Indeed, clinical data in ovarian cancer patients have demonstrated thatan antitumor immune response and immune evasion mechanisms are correlated, respectively,with a better and lower survival). Thus, immunotherapies are emerging as potentialstrategies to enhance classical EOC treatments.More recently, they also have demonstrated significant efficacy in aggressive cancers ofother histology such as metastatic Lung Cancer , metastatic Renal Cell Cancer ormetastatic Bladder Cancer .Approximately half of OC patients display a spontaneous antitumor immune response byantibodies and oligoclonal T‐cells which recognize autologous tumor‐associated antigens(TAAs). OC exhibits an extreme degree of heterogeneity of TAAs with an average of 60private nonsynonymous mutations per tumor which are rarely shared among different tumors.Though data remains scarce, high IHC PD‐L1 expression (score 2 & 3) has been detected in68% of ovarian cancer patients (n=70) and that expression of PD‐L1 had a strongprognostic value . The authors found also that the density of intraepithelial CD8+ Tcells was inversely correlated to expression of PD‐L1 by tumors, suggesting that theexpres‐sion of PD‐L1 on tumor cells may inhibit invasion of tumor epithelium by CD8+ Tcells.In addition, PD‐1 expression at the surface of intra‐tumoral CD4+ FOXP3+ Tregs was foundto show the highest levels in ovarian cancer (around 20% of the cells) compared to othertumor types, including melanoma, renal cell cancer or hepatoma . Thus targetingPD‐1/PD‐L1 pathway may inhibit Treg expression, one of the major component of ovariancancer immunosuppression. Also Curiel et al showed that myeloid dendritic cells (MDCs)from ovarian cancer express PD‐1 and that blockade of PD‐1 enhanced MDC‐mediated T‐cellactivation, including upregulation of IL‐2 and interferon‐gamma, and down regulation ofIL‐10, which resulted in enhanced T‐cell immunity against autologous ovarian human tumorsinto NOD‐SCID mice.Together with the aforementioned data on immune infiltration, these data provide therationale for a therapeutic PD‐1/PD‐L1 pathway blockade in ovarian cancer.In ovarian carcinoma patients, the anti‐PD1 compound nivolumab has been reported toachieve 3 objectives responses out of 13 (23%) heavily pre‐treated patients. Response wasprolonged over 1 year in 2 out of the 3 responders. Similarly, the anti‐PD1 pembrozilumabachieved 3 confirmed responses (11.5% [(95% CI, 2.4‐30.2]) in 26 patients treated in aphase IB study and 3 additional patients had a tumor reduction of at least 30%. Mostcommon AEs were fatigue (42.3%), anemia (30.8%), and decreased appetite (30.8%).Drug‐related AEs occurred in 69.2% of pts (grade ≥ 3, 1/26 pts).The anti‐PD‐L1 avelumab has reported a 10.7% objective response and a 44% stabilizationrate in 75 patients with ovarian cancer in relapse. In this study, con‐firmed orunconfirmed responses (n=11) tend to be more frequently observed in patients with lowburden of tumor, limited number of prior lines of chemotherapy and in the setting ofplatinum‐sensitivity. Toxicity was minimal. Considering all grades, fatigue was observedin 16% of the patients, chills in 12%, nausea in 10.7%, diarrhea in 10.7%, rash in 8% andhypothyroidism in 5.3%.Rationale for combining pembrolizumab and standard chemotherapy Kryczek et al comparedthe PD‐1 expression level at the surface of intra‐tumoral CD4+ FOXP3+ Tregs among manycancer types. Interestingly, the higher level of PD‐1 expression (around 20%) was foundon Tregs of ovarian cancers whereas it was much lower (<10%) in other cancer types (Coloncancer, Hepatic cancer, Melanoma, Pancreatic carcinoma, Renal cell carcinoma). PD‐L1expression has also been detected in ovarian cancer tissue analysis byImmunohistochemistry staining and its level of expression has been correlated to a badoutcome of patients (59). Together with the aforementioned data on immune infiltration,these results provide rationale for a therapeutic PD‐1/PD‐L1 pathway blockade in ovariancancer. In the published trials on such compounds, addition of pembrolizumab tochemotherapy or using alone has been shown to improve the response rates with a mediantime to response at 8 weeks (60,61).Rationale for combining pembrolizumab and bevacizumab There are several data suggestingthat pembrolizumab and bevacizumab may be synergistic. Enhanced tumor angiogenesis iscommonly associated with absence of tumor‐infiltrating T cells in patients. There isevidence in OC that tumor expression of VEGF is negatively correlated to the density ofCD3+TILs and this phenotype is associated with early recurrence, consistent with priorstudies showing a correlation of VEGF to early recurrence and short survival.Furthermore, in ascites, high levels of VEGF correlate to low numbers of NK T‐likeCD3+CD56+ cells.This randomized phase II study aims to evaluate the efficacy of pembrolizumab incombina‐tion with the standard neo adjuvant chemotherapy followed by IDS and the safetyof this strategy in patients with advanced ovarian cancer. We assume that itsadministration in the neo adjuvant setting combination with standard of care (4 cycles ofstandard chemotherapy) would improve the response rate and consequently will help toachieve optimal debulking rate at IDS.After surgery, patients will continue to be treated with standard of care (chemotherapyfor 2 to 5 cycles plus or less bevacizumab) or the same combination plus pembrolizumab(keytruda).
ESPAC-5F: four arm, international randomised phase II trial of immediate surgery compared with neoadjuvant gemcitabine plus capecitabine (GEMCAP) or FOLFIRINOX or chemoradiotherapy (CRT) in patients with borderline resectable pancreatic cancer; Purpose Patients with borderline resectable pancreatic cancer have poor survival and low resection rates. Neoadjuvant therapy may improve the outcome for these patients. The aim of this trial was to determine the feasibility and efficacy of a comparison of immediate surgery versus neoadjuvant GEMCAP or FOLFIRINOX or CRT. Materials and methods Eligible patients with NCCN defined borderline resectable (following central review of the baseline CT scan) and biopsy proven pancreatic cancer were randomised (stratified by centre) to receive immediate surgery, or neoadjuvant therapy of either 2 cycles of GEMCAP, or 4 cycles of FOLFIRINOX or 50.4Gy capecitabine‐based CRT in 28 daily fractions over 5 ½ weeks. Patients were restaged at 4‐6 weeks and underwent surgical exploration if still borderline resectable. Resected patients received adjuvant therapy. Follow up was 12 months. There was quality assurance of surgery and CRT. Primary endpoints were recruitment rate and resection rate (R1/R0). Secondary endpoints included overall survival, response rate (RECIST 1.1) and toxicity. A target of 90 patients was set to determine feasibility and resection rates. Rates will be presented as point estimates and survival compared across treatment arms using a log‐rank test. Analyses will be on an ITT basis. Results Final analysis will be complete in time for EPC. Results will be presented. Conclusions Will be described. References The authors do not declare any conflict of interest
ESPAC-5F: four-arm, prospective, multicenter, international randomized phase II trial of immediate surgery compared with neoadjuvant gemcitabine plus capecitabine (GEMCAP) or FOLFIRINOX or chemoradiotherapy (CRT) in patients with borderline resectable pancreatic cancer; Background: Patients with borderline resectable pancreatic cancer have poor survival and low resection rates. Neoadjuvant therapy may improve the outcome for these patients. The aim of this trial was to determine the feasibility and efficacy of a comparison of immediate surgery versus neoadjuvant GEMCAP or FOLFIRINOX or CRT. Methods: Eligible patients with NCCN defined borderline resectable (following central review of the baseline CT scan) and biopsy proven pancreatic cancer were randomised (stratified by centre) to receive immediate surgery, or neoadjuvant therapy of either 2 cycles of GEMCAP, or 4 cycles of FOLFIRINOX or 50.4Gy capecitabine‐based CRT in 28 daily fractions over 5 weeks. Patients were restaged at 4‐6 weeks and underwent surgical exploration if still borderline resectable. Resected patients received adjuvant therapy. Follow up was 12 months. There was quality assurance of surgery and CRT. Primary endpoints were recruitment rate and resection rate (R1/R0). Secondary endpoints included overall survival and toxicity. A target of 90 patients was set to determine feasibility and resection rates. Rates will be presented as point estimates and survival compared across treatment arms using a log‐rank test. Analyses will be on an ITT basis. Results: Between August 2014 and December 2018, 90 patients were randomised with 88 included in the full analysis set (32 immediate surgery, 20 GEMCAP, 20 FOLFIRINOX, 16 CRT). Median age was 63 years, 44% were men. WHO performance status was 0 and 1 in 45% and 55% respectively. Median CA19‐9 was 603 kU/L at baseline. 44 (79%) patients completed neoadjuvant therapy. Recruitment rate was 21 patients per year. Resection rate was 62% for immediate surgery and 55% for neoadjuvant therapy (p=0.668). R0 resection rate on resected patients was 15% and 23% respectively (p=0.721). One year survival rate was 40% [95% CI, 26% ‐62%] for immediate surgery and 77% [95%CI, 66% ‐89%] for neoadjuvant therapy. Log‐rank analysis showed an HR=0.27 [95% CI, 0.13 ‐0.55]; χ2 (1) = 14.91, P<0.001. 9 out of the 51 neoadjuvant patients included in the safety set reported 12 serious adverse events of grade 3 or above. Conclusions: There was no difference in resection rate between arms, however neoadjuvant therapy had a significant survival benefit compared with immediate surgery.
JANUS 2: a phase III study of survival, tumor response, and symptom response with ruxolitinib plus capecitabine or placebo plus capecitabine in patients with advanced or metastatic pancreatic cancer (mPC) who failed or were intolerant to first-line chemotherapy; Background: The systemic inflammatory response characteristic of PC is mediated in part by JAK‐STAT signaling and may contribute to local tumor growth and disease‐related weight loss, decreased muscle mass, and poor performance status. In the phase II, randomized, double‐blind RECAP study, the combination of the JAK1/JAK2 inhibitor ruxolitinib with capecitabine improved overall survival (OS) versus placebo + capecitabine in patients with mPC and elevated C‐reactive protein (CRP) levels or a modified Glasgow Prognostic Score (mGPS) of 1 or 2 (Hurwitz et al. J Clin Oncol. 32:5s, 2014 [suppl; abstr 4000]). Methods: JANUS 2 is a phase III, randomized, double‐blind, multicenter study. Eligible patients are 18 years of age and have histologically or cytologically confirmed pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma, advanced and inoperable or metastatic disease; ECOG performance status of 0‐2; only 1 prior chemotherapy regimen for advanced or metastatic disease (not including neoadjuvant and/or adjuvant therapy); no concurrent anticancer therapy; and an mGPS of 1 (CRP > 10 mg/L and albumin 35 g/L) or 2 (CRP > 10 mg/L and albumin < 35 g/L). Exclusion criteria are prior severe reaction to fluoropyrimidines, dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase deficiency, or other sensitivity to 5‐fluorouracil. Patients are randomized 1:1 to receive 21‐day cycles of capecitabine 2000 mg/m2/d (days 1‐14) + ruxolitinib 15 mg twice‐daily or capecitabine 2000 mg/m2/d + placebo twice‐daily. The primary endpoint is OS; secondary endpoints include progression‐free survival, tumor response per RECIST 1.1, and duration of response. An exploratory endpoint is the assessment of change from baseline in PC symptoms using the Pancreatic Cancer Symptom Assessment Form electronic diary. Treatment will continue as long as it is tolerated and discontinuation criteria are not met. Patients who discontinue treatment will be followed for subsequent anticancer treatments and survival. Enrollment began in April 2014 and is ongoing. The planned enrollment is 270 patients.
JANUS 2: a phase III study of survival, tumor response, and symptom response with ruxolitinib plus capecitabine or placebo plus capecitabine in patients with advanced or metastatic pancreatic cancer (mPC) who failed or were intolerant to first-line chemotherapy; Background: The systemic inflammatory response characteristic of PC is mediated in part by JAK‐STAT signaling and may contribute to local tumor growth and disease‐related weight loss, decreased muscle mass, and poor performance status. In the phase II, randomized, double‐blind RECAP study, the combination of the JAK1/JAK2 inhibitor ruxolitinib with capecitabine improved overall survival (OS) versus placebo + capecitabine in patients with mPC and elevated C‐reactive protein (CRP) levels or a modified Glasgow Prognostic Score (mGPS) of 1 or 2 (Hurwitz et al. J Clin Oncol. 32:5s, 2014 [suppl; abstr 4000]). Methods: JANUS 2 is a phase III, randomized, double‐blind, multicenter study. Eligible patients are 18 years of age and have histologically or cytologically confirmed pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma, advanced and inoperable or metastatic disease; ECOG performance status of 0‐2; only 1 prior chemotherapy regimen for advanced or metastatic disease (not including neoadjuvant and/or adjuvant therapy); no concurrent anticancer therapy; and an mGPS of 1 (CRP > 10 mg/L and albumin 35 g/L) or 2 (CRP > 10 mg/L and albumin < 35 g/L). Exclusion criteria are prior severe reaction to fluoropyrimidines, dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase deficiency, or other sensitivity to 5‐fluorouracil. Patients are randomized 1:1 to receive 21‐day cycles of capecitabine 2000 mg/m2/d (days 1‐14) + ruxolitinib 15 mg twice‐daily or capecitabine 2000 mg/m2/d + placebo twice‐daily. The primary endpoint is OS; secondary endpoints include progression‐free survival, tumor response per RECIST 1.1, and duration of response. An exploratory endpoint is the assessment of change from baseline in PC symptoms using the Pancreatic Cancer Symptom Assessment Form electronic diary. Treatment will continue as long as it is tolerated and discontinuation criteria are not met. Patients who discontinue treatment will be followed for subsequent anticancer treatments and survival. Enrollment began in April 2014 and is ongoing. The planned enrollment is 270 patients.
NESC multicenter phase II trial in the preoperative treatment of gastric adenocarcinoma consisting of chemotherapy using docetaxel-cisplatin-5FU + lenograstim followed by chemoradiation (RTCT) based 5FU and oxaliplatin and surgery; Introduction: Perioperative chemotherapy is a standard treatment (Magic trial, fnclcc trial). The 5‐year survival being 36% for patients treated with chemotherapy versus 23% for surgery alone. Progression‐free survival was also significantly prolonged. The combination of Docetaxel‐ Cisplatin‐5FU provides greater clinical benefit and induces to consider the triple combination as a reference treatment in metastatic gastric cancer in patients under 65 years with high response rate. Preoperative RTCT is expected to increase the rate of curative resections and complete histological response. Two studies evaluating the feasibility of preoperative RTCT in operable gastric adenocarcinoma with continuous 5FU (+ or ‐ paclitaxel) and 45 Gy are available and the combination 5FU oxaliplatin has been assessed in the esophagus and rectum tumors.We investigate the efficacy of an optimal 2 cycles of chemotherapy with Docetaxel ‐ Cisplatin ‐ 5FU + lenograstim then preoperative RTCT with oxaliplatin ‐ 5FU in gastric adenocarcinoma. Methods: Between 2009 and 2014, 33 patients with gastric adenocarcinoma were included. Inclusion criteria adenocarcinoma of the stomach, cardia, Siewert II, III, according to staging classification TNM Scannographic and ultrasonography: T2banyN, T3anyN, T4anyN M0) optional laparoscopy, loss of weight ≤ 15% and age ≤65 years. Treatment consisted of DCF docetaxel 75 mg/m2 I.V. day 1, cisplatin 75 mg/m2 I.V. day 1, 5‐FU 750 mg/m2 continuous infusion for 120 h, every 3 weeks for 2 cycles and lenograstim 5 days followed by RTCT delivered in 25 daily fractions of 1.8 Gy in 5 weeks with 5Fu 250mg/m2 continuous infusion per day on days 1 to 35 and oxaliplatin 85mg/m2 day 1‐14‐28. Surgery was performed 4‐6 weeks after RTCT. The primary endpoints were pathological response rate and secondary endpoint PFS, overall survival, quality of life, morbidity and post operative mortality, toxicity. Results: 34 patients were included, 29 were operated, 1 patient withdrew consent, 1 patient progressive disease after 2 cycles of DCF 32 patients received RTCT and 2 patients progressive disease after RTCT, 1 patient refused surgery (complete endoscopic response). 29 patients were operated and 3 non resected ( peritoneal metastasis). 26 patients underwent surgery after RTCT (total gastrectomy n = 12, total gastrectomy and diaphragm surgery n = 1 lewis santy n = 11, subtotal gastrectomy n = 1, Enlarged gastrectomy transverse colectomy and partial pancreatic n = 1 D1 (n = 5) and D2 (n = 20 and D2 with splenectomy n = 1) R0 resection rate was n = 26/26. Postoperative morbidity (n = 12) and mortality (n = 2), histology mean nodes examined and involved respectively 16 and 2,5. pT0pN0 23% pT1pN0 19% pTpN2N3 20% others 38%. <10% residual tumor 27% histologic complete response 23%. Conclusion: Promising results from trials involving preoperative chemoradiation followed by surgery in gastric cancer (pathologic complete response 23%) need to be further evaluated in a Phase III setting and compared with perioperative chemotherapy but morbidity and mortality is high.
Neoantigen Vaccines in Pancreatic Cancer in the Window Prior to Surgery; This is a randomized phase 1 clinical trial to evaluate the safety of an optimized neoantigen synthetic long peptide (SLP) vaccines in pancreatic cancer patients following neoadjuvant chemotherapy. The neoantigen SLP vaccines will incorporate prioritized neoantigens and will be co‐administered with poly‐ICLC. Patients will be randomized to one of two arms: Arm 1 (neoantigen vaccine following neoadjuvant chemotherapy and surgery) or Arm 2 (neoantigen vaccine following neoadjuvant chemotherapy in the window prior to surgery). Those who are ineligible for vaccine administration including those whose disease progresses or recurs during neoadjuvant chemo or who are otherwise unable to complete surgical resection but who had a personalized neoantigen vaccine manufactured, or significant progress has been made as determined by treating physician, are permitted to receive vaccine injections on study.
Phase I study of neoadjuvant chemotherapy of gemcitabine plus nab-paclitaxel for patients with borderline resectable pancreatic cancer; INTERVENTION: neoadjuvant chemotherapy 2 courses of NAC‐GEMABR 1. nab‐paclitaxel(Day1,8,15)125mg/m2 30min administration 2. Gemcitabine(Day1,8,15)1000mg/m2 30min administration CONDITION: Invasive ductal carcinoma PRIMARY OUTCOME: Adverse event SECONDARY OUTCOME: 1. R0 resection rate; 2. Resection rate; 3. Optimal duration before surgery to perform neoadjuvant chemotherapy; 4. QOL evaluation about peripheral neuropathy using FACT‐NTX(Version4) INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Pathologically proven invasive pancreatic ductal carcinoma 2. Cases that meet the definition of borderline resectable pancreatic cancer 1) or 2) 1) Definition of a borderline resectable pancreatic cancer is filled in NCCN guideline version 1.2014 pancreatic adenocarcinoma 2) Patients indicated distal pancreatectomy with en bloc celiac axis resection 3. PS (ECOG) 0‐1 4. >=20 years old and < 80 years old 5. First line treatment 6. The following criteria must be satisfied in laboratory tests within 14 days of registration White blood cell count <=12,000/mm3 Neutrophil count >=1,500/mm3 Platelet count >=100,000mm3 Total bilirubin <2.0mg/dL Serum Creatinine <=upper limits of normal(ULN) AST, ALT<=2.5xULN Albumin>=3.0g/dL Hemoglobin>=9.0g/dL 7. Written informed consent to participate in this study
Pylorus Resection Does Not Reduce Delayed Gastric Emptying After Partial Pancreatoduodenectomy: a Blinded Randomized Controlled Trial (PROPP Study, DRKS00004191); Objectives: The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of pylorus resection on postoperative delayed gastric emptying (DGE) after partial pancreatoduodenectomy (PD). Background: PD is the standard treatment for tumors of the pancreatic head. Preservation of the pylorus has been widely accepted as standard procedure. DGE is a common complication causing impaired oral intake, prolonged hospital stay, and postponed further treatment. Recently, pylorus resection has been shown to reduce DGE. Methods: Patients undergoing PD for any indication at the University of Heidelberg were randomized to either PD with pylorus preservation (PP) or PD with pylorus resection and complete stomach preservation (PR). The primary endpoint was DGE within 30 days according to the International Study Group of Pancreatic Surgery definition. Results: Ninety‐five patients were randomized to PP and 93 patients to PR. There were no baseline imbalances between the groups. Overall, 53 of 188 patients (28.2%) developed a DGE (grade: A 15.5%; B 8.8%; C 3.3%). In the PP group 24 of 95 patients (25.3%) and in the PR group 29 of 93 patients (31.2%) developed DGE (odds ratio 1.534, 95% confidence interval 0.788 to 2.987; P = 0.208). Higher BMI, indigestion, and intraabdominal major complications were significant risk factors for DGE. Conclusions: In this randomized controlled trial, pylorus resection during PD did not reduce the incidence or severity of DGE. The development of DGE seems to be multifactorial rather than attributable to pyloric dysfunction alone. Pylorus preservation should therefore remain the standard of care in PD. Trial Registration: German Clinical Trials Register DRKS00004191
Conversion rate in locally advanced pancreatic cancer (LAPC) after nab-paclitaxel/gemcitabine- or FOLFIRINOX-based induction chemotherapy (NEOLAP): final results of a multicenter randomised phase II AIO trial; Background: The optimal preoperative treatment for LAPC is unknown. This first prospective, randomised trial was designed to compare the efficacy and safety of nab‐ Paclitaxel and Gemcitabine (nPG) with Fluorouracil, Leucovorin, Irinotecan, Oxaliplatin (FOLFIRINOX) as induction chemotherapy in LAPC. Methods: In this open‐label, randomised, two‐arm, phase 2 trial, treatment‐naive patients (pts) with histologically/cytologically proven non‐resectable LAPC were recruited from 33 German centres. After two cycles of nPG induction pts without progressive disease or unacceptable adverse events were randomly allocated (1:1) to receive either two additional cycles of nPG or four cycles of sequential un‐modified sqFOLFIRINOX. Secondary resectability was assessed by surgical exploration in all pts with at least stable disease (SD) after completion of induction chemotherapy. The primary endpoint was conversion rate (R0/R1 resection). Secondary endpoints included overall survival (OS) and safety. Results: 168 pts were registered and 130 were randomly allocated (64 to nPG and 66 to sqFOLFIRINOX). Disease control rate (DCR) after randomization was 82.3% in the nPG group and 75.0%%in the sqFOLFIRINOX group. Surgical exploration was performed in 62.5% of randomized pts in the nPG group and 63.6% in the sqFOLFIRINOX group. The conversion rate as primary endpoint was 30.6% in the nPG group and 45.0% in the sqFOLFIRINOX group (Odds ratio 0.54; 95% CI, 0.26 to 1.13; P=0.135). At a median follow‐up of 12.9 months, the median overall survival was 17.2 months in the nPG group and 22.5 months in the sqFOLFIRINOX group (adjusted Hazard ratio 0.73; 95% CI, 0.42 to 1.28; P=0.268). Among all intention‐totreat pts (N=165) conversion was associated with significant improved overall survival (27.4 vs. 14.2 months; P=0.0035). Adverse events of ≥grade 3 occurred in 54.7% of the patients in the the nPG group and in 53.0% of those in the in the sqFOLFIRINOX group. Conclusions: Secondary resection after 4 months of induction combination chemotherapy followed by surgical exploration is feasible in about a third of pts with LAPC and associated with prolonged survival.
A phase II study of gemcitabine/nab-paclitaxel/S-1 combination neoadjuvant chemotherapy for patients with borderline resectable pancreatic cancer with arterial contact; Background: The prognosis of patients with borderline resectable pancreatic cancer with arterial contact (BRPC‐A) is extremely poor, and effective preoperative treatment is indispensable. We evaluated the clinical efficacy and safety of neoadjuvant chemotherapy, including gemcitabine, nab‐paclitaxel and S‐1 (GAS), for patients with BRPC‐A. Material and methods: A multicentre, single‐arm, phase II study was performed. Patients were administered 1000 mg/m2 gemcitabine on day 1, 125 mg/m2 nab‐paclitaxel on day 1 and 60–100 mg/day S‐1 on days 1–7 during a 14‐day cycle. Patients were then assessed for resectability and response to treatment after six cycles. The primary end‐points were 2‐year overall survival (OS) rate and median OS time (trial registration: jRCTs061180045, UMIN000016630). Results: Forty‐seven patients with BRPC‐A were eligible for the present study. Six courses of neoadjuvant GAS regimen were completed in all eligible patients. The rate of grade III/IV toxicities occurred in 14 (30%) patients during the neoadjuvant GAS regimen. The response and disease control rates were 43% and 96%, respectively. Forty‐five (96%) patients received potentially curative pancreatectomy, whereas two did not owing to disease progression. R0 resection was performed in 40 (86%) of 47 eligible patients. Eleven (24%) patients experienced postoperative major complications (>grade III), including one mortality. The 2‐year OS rate and median OS time among 47 eligible patients were 70.1% and 41.0 months, respectively. Conclusions: The neoadjuvant GAS chemotherapy regimen for BRPC‐A showed good efficacy with mild toxicity, resulting in a high R0 resection rate and prolonged survival in patients with BRPC‐A.
CONKO-005: adjuvant Therapy in R0-resected Pancreatic Cancer Patients with Gemcitabine plus Erlotinib vs. Gemcitabine over 24 Weeks - a Prospective, Randomized Phase III Study; INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Arm A: Erlotinib 100 mg p.o. daily plus Gemcitabin 1000 mg/m² i.v. day 1, 8, 15. repetition day 29 Duration: 6 cycles (24 weeks) Intervention 2: Arm B: Gemcitabin 1000 mg/m² i.v. day 1, 8, 15. repetition day 29 CONDITION: C25 ‐ Malignant neoplasm of pancreas PRIMARY OUTCOME: Relaps‐free survival (RFS) SECONDARY OUTCOME: Overall survival, Toxicity INCLUSION CRITERIA: Histological confirmed diagnosis of an adenocarcinoma of the pancreas, Standardised surgery for tumor resection, e. g. partial pancreatoduodenectomy (Kausch‐Whipple), pylorus‐sparing partial pancreatoduodenectomy (PPPD), pancreas leftresection. Result of resection: R0, No previous neoadjuvant therapy (chemotherapy or radiation), Performance‐Status according to Karnofsky‐Scale > 60 %, Patient compliance and geographical situation allowing an adequate follow up, especially the willingness to visit the same center regulary for at least 2 years after surgery, Sufficient bone marrow capacity: WBC > 3.5 × 109 /l, platelets > 100 x 109/l, haemoglobin > 8 g/dl, Written informed consent of the patient prioral any precedure in connection with the study, Male and female patients with an age of at least 18 years, Initiation of the adjuvant therapy as soon as possible postoperative. Soonest 2 weeks after resection but not before completion of the wound healing at l
SWOG S1505: a randomized phase II study of perioperative mFOLFIRINOX versus gemcitabine/nab-paclitaxel as therapy for resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma; Background: Clinical outcomes after curative therapy for resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDA) remain suboptimal. Series show that 70‐85% of patients die of systemic recurrence. Improved overall survival (OS) in the metastatic setting with the use of multi‐agent chemotherapy regimens (FOLFIRINOX, gemcitabine/nab‐paclitaxel) holds the promise of progress in the curative setting as well. However, aggressive systemic therapy is usually not feasible after major pancreatic surgery. Therefore, early control of systemic disease by increased preoperative chemotherapy may improve outcomes. Furthermore, the perioperative platform facilitates early identification of patients with chemotherapy‐resistant tumors and allows prospective biomarker studies in the future. Methods: This is a randomized phase II study intended to choose the most promising perioperative regimen to test in a larger trial. Eligibility requirements include adult patients with an ECOG PS of 0 or 1, a confirmed histopathologic diagnosis of PDA, and resectable disease as confirmed by central radiology review: no involvement of the celiac, common hepatic, or superior mesenteric arteries (and, if present, variants); no involvement, or < 180° interface between tumor and vessel wall, of the portal or superior mesenteric veins; patent portal vein/splenic vein confluence; no metastases. Treatment includes 12 weeks [either 6 doses of mFOLFIRINOX (5‐fluorouracil, irinotecan, oxaliplatin ‐ without bolus 5‐FU and leucovorin), or 9 doses of gemcitabine/nabpaclitaxel, on standard schedules] of preoperative chemotherapy, followed by surgical resection and 12 weeks of identical postoperative chemotherapy. Primary outcome is 2‐year OS, using a “pick the winner” design with minimum two‐year OS of 40% assuming a 58% alternative hypothesis, 88% power, and a 1‐sided α of 0.05, providing 90% probability of selecting the better regimen with a total sample size of 150 patients. Correlative studies are planned.
Influence of Anesthesia Mode Selection on Postoperative Pancreatic Leakage in Patients with pancreatic cancer after Neoadjuvant Chemotherapy; INTERVENTION: control group:General anesthesia+epidural block+epidural analgesia;Test group:General anesthesia+transverse abdominal fascia plane block+intravenous analgesia; CONDITION: Pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: POPF; SECONDARY OUTCOME: Other abdominal complications;Postoperative AKI;Cardiovascular and cerebrovascular events;Postoperative pulmonary complications; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1) Age >= 18 2) Selective radical surgery for pancreatic cancer; 3) The clinical data required for the study are complete (including general factors, test indicators, anesthesia factors, surgical factors, etc.); 4) According to the international standard of mature high‐throughput pancreatic surgery center, there are 40 pancreatic operations per year. Only patients with an annual surgical volume of more than 40 and who have independently guided and performed such operations for more than 3 years can be included.
Sequential Use of AG and mFOLFIRINOX as Neoadjuvant Chemotherapy for Resectable Pancreatic Cancer; Investigators chose resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma patients. The planned treatmentwas given to the participants after randomization. Tumor size, recurrence‐free survival,overall survival, drugs related side effects and other endpoints events were recorded andanalyzed, to assess the sequential treatment with Nab‐paclitaxel plus Gemcitabine andmodified Folfirinox could or couldn't benefit the prognosis of resectable pancreaticadenocarcinoma.
The effect of neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy on the immune profile of pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma: in-depth analysis of the PREOPANC-1 randomized controlled trial; Resume: Dana A.M. Mustafa is a translational researcher, who focuses on studying the molecular aspect of cancer. She obtained her Bachelor’s Degree in Biology and her MSc. Degree in Genetics and Molecular Biology from Jordan University. In 2005, she received an invitation to become a Ph.D. student at Erasmus University Medical Center in Rotterdam, the Netherlands, and obtained her Ph.D. degree in studying the angiogenesis of brain tumours in 2009. Currently, she focuses on studying two of the most deadly cancers: pancreatic cancer and brain metastasis. Her research aims to reveal the immune microenvironment and its regulation and function in facilitating metastasis mechanisms. She is one of the founders of the Tumor Immuno‐Pathology Laboratory (the TIP Lab) within the Department of Pathology at Erasmus MC. Moreover, she founded and manages the Spatial Biology Laboratory, the first spatial biology lab in the Benelux region. In collaboration with medical doctors in the Netherlands, she created a pancreatic cancer blood bank that contains several types of blood sampling collected longitudinally from the patients who are included in the randomized clinical trials. Blood samples are used to identify circulating biomarkers for detecting the response to therapy. Currently, she is the co‐promotor of 7 Ph.D. students. D. Mustafa strongly believes that we can make progress in the battle against this disease through extensive collaboration between various people, disciplines, and institutions. Moreover, she believes in educating young students and supporting their future, and in bridging biology to technology. Abstract: The randomized phase III trial (PREOPANC‐1) that was performed in 16 centers in the Netherlands compared the effects of preoperative chemoradiotherapy (Gemcitabine and 2.4 Gy radiation) versus immediate surgery for resectable and borderline resectable pancreatic cancer. The outcomes of the secondary endpoints and predefined subgroup analyses suggest an advantage of the neoadjuvant approach. The aim of the present study was to investigate the changes in the immune microenvironment and infiltration caused by the neoadjuvant treatment. To that aim, we collected formalin‐fixed, paraffin‐embedded pancreatic cancer samples from all centers that participated in the PREOPANC ‐1 trial. We performed targeted gene expression using the PanCancer Immune Profiling panel of NanoString. Comparing 50 samples of the patient who were subjected to neoadjuvant treatment to 46 treatment‐naïve samples revealed that more than 250 immune‐related genes were significantly differentially expressed between the two groups of samples. The results indicate that neoadjuvant therapy resets the innate immune activation in the tissue samples. A significantly higher infiltration of CD14+, CD33+, CSF1R+, and CD163+, MRC1+ cells were found in samples of the neoadjuvant arm. In contrast, B cells and various subtypes of T cells like CD8+ and FOXP3+ showed a significant decrease in the same samples. Pathway analysis revealed that the neoadjuvant treatment stimulated the expression of genes related to complement activation, chemotaxis, and wound repair, while genes related to lymphocyte activation and adaptive immune responses were dominant in the treatment‐naïve arm. To scrutinize the effect of neoadjuvant therapy, multiplex immune‐protein expression was measured spatially using the GeoMx Digital Spatial Profiler (DSP) in PDAC samples of patients who benefited from receiving neoadjuvant chemo‐radiotherapy (PFS > 36 months) and those who did not benefit from the same therapy (PFS < 6 months). The results revealed distinct inflammatory responses in each group. Spatial biology showed that immune cells were rarely infiltrated within tumor cells. In contrast, the number and composition of immune cells infiltrated in the desmoplastic areas showed different patterns based on the patient’s outcomes. In conclusion, this is the first comprehensive study to describe the immune‐molecular changes as a result of neoadjuvant therapy in a randomized clinical trial. The results reveal the enrichment of the myeloid compartment following neoadjuvant therapy which was significantly associated with a survival benefit for the patients. Studying the personalized effect of neoadjuvant therapy will guide choosing the appropriate combined therapy for pancreatic cancer. Keywords: Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma, neoadjuvant therapy, revered clinical trial, immune activation, immune infiltration, spatial biology, personalized therapy.
Multicenter phase II study of neoadjuvant chemotherapy of gemcitabine+nab-paclitaxel therapy for patients with resectable pancreatic cancer; INTERVENTION: gemcitabine and nab‐paclitaxel therapy as neoadjuvant therapy CONDITION: Invasive ductal adenocarcinoma PRIMARY OUTCOME: 2 year progression‐free survival rate (the initial date in reckoning is set at the date of registration) SECONDARY OUTCOME: Overall survival from registration; Radiological response rate; R0 resection rate ; Histological response rate; Protocol compliance ; Relative dose intensity; Incidence of adverse events INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Resectable pancreatic cancer 2. Adenocarcinoma or adenosquamous carcinoma 3. Age 20‐79 4. ECOG PS 0‐1 5. Able to eat orally 6. Appropriate biliary drainage if bile duct obstructed 7. No apparent sensory or motor neuropathy 8. No history of chemotherapy within last 3 years 9. No prior therapy for pancreatic cancer 10. Meet all the criteria of laboratory examination 11. Informed consent by patient
Randomized phase II trial of chemoradiotherapy with S-1 versus gemcitabine and S-1 combination therapy as neoadjuvant treatment in patients with resecatble pancreatic cancer; INTERVENTION: chemoradiotherapy with S‐1 as neoadjuvant treatment Gemcitabine and S‐1 combination therapy as neoadjuvant treatment CONDITION: resectable pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: 2‐year progression‐free survival SECONDARY OUTCOME: overall survaival (2‐year survival rate), R0 or 1 resection rate, pathological response rate, adverse event of neoadjuvant therapy, morbidity rate of surgery, non‐hematologic adverse event of grade 4, early mortality rate, treatment‐related mortality rate INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1 Invasive ductal adenocarcinoma of the pancreas based on the images, 2 Adenocarcinoma is proven by biopsy or cytology, 3 Radiation field for the primary lesion and lymph node metastasis is lemited within 10 cm, 4 No gastric or duodenal ulcer 5 No cancerous invasion into stomach or duodenum, etc
Perioperative or adjuvant mFOLFIRINOX for resectable pancreatic cancer (PREOPANC-3): study protocol for a multicenter randomized controlled trial; Background: Surgical resection followed by adjuvant mFOLFIRINOX (5‐fluorouracil with leucovorin, irinotecan, and oxaliplatin) is currently the standard of care for patients with resectable pancreatic cancer. The main concern regarding adjuvant chemotherapy is that only half of patients actually receive adjuvant treatment. Neoadjuvant chemotherapy, on the other hand, guarantees early systemic treatment and may increase chemotherapy use and thereby improve overall survival. Furthermore, it may prevent futile surgery in patients with rapidly progressive disease. However, some argue that neoadjuvant therapy delays surgery, which could lead to progression towards unresectable disease and thus offset the potential benefits. Comparison of perioperative (i.e., neoadjuvant and adjuvant) with (only) adjuvant administration of mFOLFIRINOX in a randomized controlled trial (RCT) is needed to determine the optimal approach. Methods: This multicenter, phase 3, RCT will include 378 patients with resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma with a WHO performance status of 0 or 1. Patients are recruited from 20 Dutch centers and three centers in Norway and Sweden. Resectable pancreatic cancer is defined as no arterial contact and ≤ 90 degrees venous contact. Patients in the intervention arm are scheduled for 8 cycles of neoadjuvant mFOLFIRINOX followed by surgery and 4 cycles of adjuvant mFOLFIRINOX (2‐week cycle of oxaliplatin 85 mg/m2, leucovorin 400 mg/m2, irinotecan 150 mg/m2 at day 1, followed by 46 h continuous infusion of 5‐fluorouracil 2400 g/m2). Patients in the comparator arm start with surgery followed by 12 cycles of adjuvant mFOLFIRINOX. The primary outcome is overall survival by intention‐to‐treat. Secondary outcomes include progression‐free survival, resection rate, quality of life, adverse events, and surgical complications. To detect a hazard ratio of 0.70 with 80% power, 252 events are needed. The number of events is expected to be reached after the inclusion of 378 patients in 36 months, with analysis planned 18 months after the last patient has been randomized. Discussion: The multicenter PREOPANC‐3 trial compares perioperative mFOLFIRINOX with adjuvant mFOLFIRINOX in patients with resectable pancreatic cancer. Trial registration: Clinical Trials: NCT04927780. Registered June 16, 2021.
A phase II study of preoperative chemotherapy with docetaxel, cisplatin, and S-1 followed by gastrectomy with D2 plus para-aortic lymph node dissection for gastric cancer with extensive lymph node metastasis: JCOG1002; BACKGROUND: Gastric cancer with extensive lymph node metastasis is commonly considered unresectable, with a poor prognosis. We previously reported the results of the use of cisplatin and S‐1 as preoperative chemotherapy for gastric cancer with extensive lymph node metastasis; docetaxel, cisplatin, and S‐1 (DCS) have now been investigated for the same purpose. METHODS: Patients received two or three 28‐day cycles of DCS therapy (docetaxel at 40 mg/m2 and cisplatin at 60 mg/m2 on day 1, S‐1 at 40 mg/m2 twice daily for 2 weeks) followed by gastrectomy with D2 plus para‐aortic nodal dissection. After R0 resection, S‐1 chemotherapy was given for 1 year. The primary end point was the response rate (RR) to preoperative chemotherapy determined by central peer review according to the Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors version 1.0. The planned sample size was 50, with one‐sided alpha of 10 %, power of 80 %, expected RR of 80 %, and threshold of 65 %. RESULTS: Between July 2011 and May 2013, 53 patients were enrolled, of whom 52 were eligible. The clinical RR was 57.7 % [30/52, 80 % confidence interval 47.9‐67.1 %, p = 0.89], and R0 resection was achieved in 84.6 % of patients (44/52). Common grade 3 or grade 4 adverse events during DCS therapy were leukocytopenia (18.9 %), neutropenia (39.6 %), and hyponatremia (15.1 %). The common grade 3 or grade 4 surgical morbidity was abdominal infection (10.2 %). The pathological RR was 50.0 % (26/52). CONCLUSIONS: Preoperative DCS therapy was feasible but did not show a sufficient RR. Preoperative cisplatin and S‐1 therapy is still considered the tentative standard treatment for this population until survival results are known.
Analysis of Radiation Therapy Quality Assurance in NRG Oncology RTOG 0848; Purpose/Objective(s): NRG/RTOG 0848 is a two‐step randomized trial to evaluate the benefit of the addition of concurrent fluoropyrimidine and radiotherapy (RT) following adjuvant gemcitabine‐based chemotherapy (2nd step) for patients with resected pancreatic head adenocarcinoma. Real‐time quality assurance (QA) was performed for each patient who underwent RT. QA findings were reviewed, frequencies & reasons for resubmissions are reported. Materials/Methods: Patients were treated using either a 3D‐conformal RT (3DCRT) or intensity‐modulated RT (IMRT) technique. In addition to a web‐based contouring atlas, the protocol outlined step‐by‐step instructions for generating the clinical treatment volume (CTV) through the creation of specific regions of interest. The planning target volume (PTV) was established by expanding the CTV by 0.5 cm in all directions. Treatment planning data, including pre‐operative imaging, surgical and pathology reports, simulation images with isodose lines, structure set, and dose volume histograms were submitted for review. One of two radiation oncology study chairs independently reviewed each plan. Plans with unacceptable deviations were returned for revision and then resubmitted for review until approved. Treatment started after final approval of the RT plan. Results: Of the 354 patients who underwent second randomization, 180 were randomized to the RT arm. Of these, 160 received RT and were included in the QA analysis. Most patients (86%) were treated using IMRT. Resubmissions were more common for patients planned with 3D‐CRT (43%) than with IMRT (31%). In total, at least one resubmission of the treatment plan was required for 33% of patients (see Table 1). Among patients requiring resubmission, the majority only needed to be resubmitted once (87%). The most common reasons for resubmission were unacceptable deviations with respect to the pre‐operative gross target volume (GTV, 61%) and the pancreatojejunostomy (48%), leading to unacceptable deviations of the contours of the CTV and PTV (70% for each). Most patients requiring a resubmission had 5‐9 unacceptable deviations (46%). Unacceptable deviations were similar for the few treatment plans that needed to be resubmitted more than once. Conclusion: One third of patients required resubmission to meet protocol compliance criteria, demonstrating the continued need for expending resources on pretreatment QA for adjuvant pancreas cancer trials. Rigorous QA is of critical importance for clinical trials involving RT to ensure that the true impact of RT can be assessed. Moreover, RT QA serves as an educational process by training radiation oncologists on best practices.
CONKO-006: additive therapy in R1-resected pancreatic cancer with gemcitabine plus sorafenib vs. Gemcitabine plus placebo over 12 months - a double blind, placebo-controlled Phase IIb trial; INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Arm A: Sorafenib 400 mg twice daily p.o. plus Gecitabine 1000 mg/ m² day 1, 8, 15 repetition day 29 Duration: 12 Month Intervention 2: Arm B: Placebo twice daily plus Gemcitabine 1000 mg/m² day 1, 8, 15 repetition day 29 Duration: 12 Month CONDITION: C25 ‐ Malignant neoplasm of pancreas PRIMARY OUTCOME: Relaps‐free survival SECONDARY OUTCOME: Overall survival; Safety and tolerability; Evaluation of prognostic factors INCLUSION CRITERIA: Histological confirmed diagnosis of an adenocarcinoma of the pancreas, Standardised surgery for tumor resection, e. g. partial pancreatoduodenectomy (Kausch‐Whipple), pylorus‐sparing partial pancreatoduodenectomy (PPPD), pancreas leftresection or total pancreatectomy, Result of resection: R1, No previous neoadjuvant therapy (chemotherapy or radiation), Performance‐Status according to Karnofsky‐Scale > 60 %, Patient compliance and geographical situation allowing an adequate follow up, especially the willingness to visit the same center regulary for at least 2 years after surgery, Sufficient bone marrow capacity: WBC > 3.5 /nl, platelets > 100 /nl, haemoglobin > 8 g/dl, Written informed consent of the patient prioral any precedure in connection with the study, Male and female patients with an age of at least 18 years, Initiation of the adjuvant therapy as soon as possible postoperative. Soonest 4 weeks after resection but not before completion
1685TiP Perioperative or adjuvant mFOLFIRINOX for resectable pancreatic cancer (PREOPANC-3): a multicenter randomized controlled trial; Background: Surgical resection followed by adjuvant mFOLFIRINOX is the current standard of care for patients with resectable pancreatic cancer. The main concern with adjuvant chemotherapy is that only half of patients actually receive adjuvant treatment. Neoadjuvant chemotherapy, on the other hand, guarantees early systemic treatment and may increase chemotherapy use and thereby improve overall survival. Furthermore, it may prevent futile surgery in patients with rapidly progressive disease. However, some argue that neoadjuvant therapy delays surgery, which could lead to progression towards unresectable disease and thus offset the potential benefits. Comparison of perioperative (i.e., neoadjuvant and adjuvant) with (only) adjuvant administration of mFOLFIRINOX in a randomized controlled trial (RCT) is needed to determine the optimal approach. Trial design: This is a multicentre, phase III, RCT that will include 378 patients with resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma with a WHO performance status of 0 or 1. Patients are recruited from 20 Dutch centres and three centres in Sweden. Resectable pancreatic cancer is defined as no arterial contact and ≤90 degrees venous contact. Patients in the intervention arm are scheduled for 8 cycles of neoadjuvant mFOLFIRINOX (2‐week cycle of oxaliplatin 85 mg/m2, leucovorin 400 mg/m2, irinotecan 150 mg/m2 at day 1, followed by 46 hours continuous infusion of 5‐fluorouracil 2400 g/m2) followed by surgery and 4 cycles of adjuvant mFOLFIRINOX. Patients in the comparator arm start with surgery followed by 12 cycles of adjuvant mFOLFIRINOX. The primary outcome is overall survival by intention‐to‐treat. Secondary outcomes include progression‐free survival, resection rate, quality of life, adverse events, and surgical complications. To detect a hazard ratio of 0.70 with 80% power, 252 events are needed. The number of events is expected to be reached after the inclusion of 378 patients in 36 months, with analysis planned 18 months after the last patient has been randomized. Accrual started on September 7, 2021, and as of May 10, 2023, all centres are open for inclusion and 138 patients have been randomized. Clinical trial identification: NCT04927780. Legal entity responsible for the study: Erasmus MC. Funding: Dutch Cancer Society and ZonMw. Disclosure: All authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
Nab-paclitaxel plus gemcitabine vs gemcitabine alone for resected pancreatic cancer in a phase III trial (APACT); Background: Gemcitabine (Gem) monotherapy after surgery improves both survival rates and disease‐free survival (DFS) in patients with pancreatic cancer (PC). However, disease recurrence is common, suggesting a need for improved treatment. nab‐Paclitaxel (nab‐P) + Gem demonstrated superior efficacy over Gem alone in a phase III trial (MPACT) of patients with metastatic PC including the primary endpoint of overall survival (OS; median 8.7 vs 6.6 months; hazard ratio [HR] 0.72; P < 0.001). nab‐P + Gem also demonstrated longer independently assessed progression‐free survival (median 5.5 vs 3.7 months; HR 0.69; P < 0.001) and a higher overall response rate (23% vs 7%; response rate ratio 3.19; P < 0.001). Toxicities were manageable. Based on the MPACT trial findings, nab‐P + Gem will be compared with Gem alone in patients with resected PC. Trial design: Approximately 800 patients with histologically confirmed PC who undergo macroscopic complete resection (R0 or R1) with no evidence of metastasis will be randomized 1:1 to receive 6 cycles of nab‐P 125 mg/m2 + Gem 1000 mg/m2 or Gem alone 1000 mg/m2 on days 1, 8, and 15 of each 28‐day cycle. Other inclusion criteria are staging of T1‐3, N0‐1, M0; Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group performance status of 0 or 1; acceptable hematologic function; and carbohydrate antigen 19‐9 < 100 U/mL prior to randomization. Exclusion criteria include presence of neuroendocrine tumors or any other malignancy within 5 years of randomization, infection with HIV or hepatitis B or C, or prior neoadjuvant treatment or radiation therapy for PC. Randomization is stratified by resection status (R0 vs R1), nodal status (LN+ vs LN‐), and geographic region (North America, Europe, and Australia vs Asia Pacific). The primary endpoint is independently assessed DFS. Secondary endpoints are OS and safety. Exploratory endpoints include quality of life and molecular profiling of tumor tissue to correlate tumor heterogeneity with clinical outcome. Surgical tumor and normal specimens and blood samples will be collected from all patients at screening to help identify biomarkers predictive of treatment efficacy. Blood samples will also be collected at recurrence. At least 489 DFS events from 800 patients allow 90% power to detect a DFS HR of 0.74 at a 2‐sided significance level of 0.05. One interim safety analysis and 2 interim efficacy analyses (the first for futility and the second for both futility and efficacy) will be performed. Patient enrollment is ongoing (ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT01964430). Conclusions: The phase III APACT trial will determine whether nab‐P + Gem is superior to Gem alone as adjuvant treatment for patients with resected PC. Additionally, this study will establish one of the largest collections of primary tumor tissue from patients with PC for molecular analyses.
Effect Of Preoperative Chemotherapy On Short-Term Outcome After Pancreatic Resection; Between 2003 and 2011, patients with locally advanced (stage III) pancreatic cancer who were treated with preoperative chemotherapy (PCHT) underwent surgical resection. Each patient was matched with the closest two patients with pancreatic cancer ( control group ) selected from our prospective electronic database who met the following match criteria: age (+/‐ 3 years), gender, ASA score, type of resection, pancreatic duct diameter (+/‐ 1 mm), and tumour size (+/‐ 5 mm).
Locally advanced pancreatic adenocarcinoma. Chemoradiotherapy, reevaluation and secondary resection; Induction chemoradiotherapy (CRT) may downstage locally advanced pancreatic tumors but secondary resections are unfrequent. However some responders' patients may benefit of a R0 resection. PATIENTS AND METHODS: We report 18 resections among 29 locally advanced pancreatic cancers; 15 patients were treated with neoadjuvant 5‐FU‐cisplatin based (13) or taxotere based (2 patients) chemoradiotherapy (45 Gy), and 3 patients without histologically proven adenocarcinoma were resected without any preoperative treatment. RESULTS: The morbidity rate was 28% and the mortality rate was 7%; one patient died after resection (5.5%) and one died after exploration (9%). The R0 resection rate was 50%. The median survival for the resected patients was not reached and the actuarial survival at 3 years was 59%. Two specimens showed no residual tumor and the two patients were alive at 15 and 46 months without recurrence; one specimen showed less than 10% viable tumoral cells and the patient was alive at 36 months without recurrence. A mesenteric infarction was the cause of a late death at 3 years in a disease free patient (radiation induced injury of the superior mesenteric artery). The median survival of the 11 non‐resected patients was 21 months and the actuarial survival at 2 years was 0%. When the number of the resected patients (18) was reported to the entire cohort of the patients with locally advanced pancreatic cancer treated during the same period in our institution, the secondary resectability rate was 9%. CONCLUSION: Preoperative chemoradiotherapy identifies poor surgical candidates through observation and may enhance the margin status of patients undergoing secondary resection for locally advanced tumors. However it remains difficult to evaluate the results in the literature because of the variations in the definitions of resectability. The best therapeutic strategy remains to be defined, because the majority of patients ultimately succumb with distant metastatic disease.
Safety of perioperative hyperthermic intraperitoneal chemotherapy with gemcitabine in patients with resected pancreatic adenocarcinoma: a pilot study of the clinical trial EudraCT 2016-004298-41; Background: Hyperthermic intraperitoneal chemotherapy (HIPEC) with gemcitabine, after cytoreductive surgery, may reduce the tumor progression of pancreatic cancer through the reduction of the neoplastic volume and the subpopulation of residual pancreatic cancer stem cells, improving the survival of patients with pancreatic cancer and decreasing the recurrence of the disease. Methods: A pilot study is performed with the first ten patients in the experimental group. A randomized study (phase II‐III clinical trial) that requires a population of 42 patients, with 21 patients in each group. All patients have a diagnosis of ductal adenocarcinoma of the pancreas, which will be surgically resected with curative intention. (I) Group I: After an R0 resection, patients receive individualized adjuvant treatments. (II) Group II: After an R0 resection, HIPEC is performed with gemcitabine (120 mg/m2 for 30 min), and they also receive individualized adjuvant treatments. To analyze the safety of the procedure, the main variables measured were as follows: Grades of complications by means of the Clavien‐Dindo system: Pancreas surgery complications (e.g., pancreatic fistula, perioperative hemorrhage, delayed gastric emptying, biliary fistula), operative mortality, and laboratory parameters to control system functions. Values were measured three times: Preoperatively, twenty‐four hours after surgery, and on the 7th postoperative day. Results: From 2018 to 2019, 31 patients were recruited for our clinical trial. Fifteen patients were excluded because of intraoperative unresectability or a different intraoperative histologic diagnosis. Ten patients were included in the experimental group (resection plus HIPEC gemcitabine). The mean age was 65±7 years, and six patients were female (60%). We confirmed the histologic diagnosis of ductal pancreatic adenocarcinoma in all patients prior to HIPEC. Total pancreatectomy was performed in five patients. The surgical median time was 360 min, and the hospital stay was 11 days. Four patients showed complications classified as Clavien‐Dindo type II and one showing type I. Six patients were classified as having stage III tumors. To date, no hospital mortality, locoregional recurrence, or differences between the two groups in terms of perioperative complications, biochemical and gasometric values, or Clavien‐Dindo complication grades were observed. Conclusions: Our clinical pilot study demonstrated a similar perioperative outcome that allows the trial until main objectives are achieved.
Less Than 100 Hours Hospital Stay After Pancreatico-duodenectomy, RCT; Study population: This is a prospective study that will be conducted on all patients of both sexes and definite age groups attending the National Cancer Institute, Cairo University and candidate for pancreatico‐duodenectomy Sampling: all cases fulfilling the inclusion criteria will be included in the study. Patients will be classified into two groups: ‐ Group A: Fast track Care pancreatico‐duodenectomy. ‐ Group B: Conventional Care pancreatico‐duodenectomy. Baseline demographics, body mass index (BMI), perioperative parameters, postoperative course, postoperative complications and 30‐days operative mortality will be analyzed. Inclusion criteria: ‐ Age ≤ 75 years ‐ ASA 1 or 2 ‐ BMI < 35 The underlying pathology or use of neoadjuvant chemotherapy did not preclude inclusion into the study Exclusion criteria: ‐ pancreatico‐duodenectomy with vascular reconstruction. ‐ Unenthusiastic patients. Type of study: randomized controlled trial The assignment of patients to either group will be done by a random computer‐assissted allocation. The allocation will be done by the use of opaque envelopes with assignments. It's an open‐labeled study i.e. patients, investigators (surgeons, researchers) and data collectors will know which procedure will be done to which patients. Discharge criteria for goup A include; uncomplicated procedure, afebrile patient without tachycardia, tolerance of oral feeding, adequate control of pain with oral analgesia, patient ambulating independently, adequate support at home. Follow up: will be completed within one month (immediate post‐operative outcome).
1514P A prospective, single-center, randomized, controlled, evaluator-blinded, feasibility clinical trial for efficacy and safety of a non-tissue destructive compact focused ultrasound system with neoadjuvant FOLFIRINOX in locally advanced or borderline resectable pancreatic cancer; Background: Pancreatic cancer is characterized by a dense fibrous stroma and poor blood supply, which hampers effective drug delivery and treatment outcomes. Hence, there is an immediate necessity of novel therapeutic strategies to improve drug penetration in the tumor microenvironment of pancreas. The ‘IMD10’ System has been developed to optimize focused ultrasound for the purpose of drug delivery in solid tumors. This clinical trial was designed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of concurrent treatment with FOLFIRINOX chemotherapy with the 'IMD10' non‐tissue destructive bedside‐applicable focused ultrasound device, in patients with locally advanced (LAPC) or borderline resectable pancreatic cancer (BRPC). Methods: 30 patients of LAPC or BRPC participated. The intervention group (N=15) received a total of four combined treatments at two‐week intervals for 2 months, followed by standard care. The control group (N=15) received treatment according to the standard FOLFIRINOX regimen. Safety and efficacy were evaluated up to 6 months after the initiation of the first treatment. Primary efficacy assessment variable was the target lesion size change ratio (%), while secondary efficacy evaluations comprised tumor response and objective response rate (ORR). Adverse events were also recorded. Results: Immediately after completion of the intervention, the target lesion size change ratio was ‐24.89% in the intervention group and ‐14.05% in the control group. This trend persisted until 4 months after the intervention. The ORR was 64.3% in the intervention group and 38.5% in the control group, with no significant differences observed in adverse events between the groups. Conclusions: The target lesion size change ratio was 1.8 times greater in the intervention group, and the ORR was 1.7 times greater compared to the control group. Considering bedside applicable compact size of IMD 10 designed for drug delivery, we believe there are sufficient clinical potentials. However, larger confirmatory clinical trials are needed to further substantiate these findings. Editorial acknowledgement: During the preparation of this work the author(s) used Chat GPT in order to check up grammatical and usage errors. After using this tool/service, the author(s) reviewed and edited the content as needed and take(s) full responsibility for the content of the publication. Legal entity responsible for the study: J. Y. Lee. Funding: Korea Medical Device Development Fund grant funded by the Korea Government (the Ministry of Science and ICT, the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy, the Ministry of Health & Welfare, the Ministry of Food and Drug Safety) (Project Number: RS‐2020‐KD000000). Disclosure: J.Y. Lee: Financial Interests, Personal, Stocks/Shares: IMGT. All other authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
Neoadjuvant plus adjuvant or only adjuvant nab-Paclitaxel plus Gemcitabine for resectable pancreatic cancer - The AIO-NEONAX trial (AIO-PAK-0313) A prospective, randomized, controlled, phase II study of the AIO Pancreatic Cancer Group; INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Abraxane Pharmaceutical Form: Powder for concentrate for solution for infusion INN or Proposed INN: PACLITAXEL CAS Number: 33069‐62‐4 Current Sponsor code: nab‐Paclitaxel Concentration unit: mg/ml milligram(s)/millilitre Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 5‐ Product Name: Gemcitabine Pharmaceutical Form: Powder for solution for infusion INN or Proposed INN: GEMCITABINE CAS Number: 95058‐81‐4 Current Sponsor code: Gemcitabin Concentration unit: mg/ml milligram(s)/millilitre Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 38‐ CONDITION: Resectable pancreatic cancer ; MedDRA version: 20.0 Level: LLT Classification code 10033608 Term: Pancreatic cancer resectable System Organ Class: 100000004864 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Cancer [C04] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: Disease free survival (DFS) rate assessed by imaging 18 months after randomization (improvement of DFS rate at 18 months in both arms to = 55%) Primary end point(s): Tumor imaging 18 months after randomization (improvement of DFS rate at 18 months in both arms to = 55%) Secondary Objective: • Effect of neoadjuvant nab‐Pac./Gem. on tumor response according to RECIST 1.1, histological tumor regression and R0 resection rate as defined in the German S3 guidelines; • Effect of perioperative or adjuvant nab‐Pac./Gem. on 3 year DFS and OS 3 Year after randomization; • Safety of perioperative and adjuvant nab‐Pac./Gem.; • Potential association between tumor regression and R0 resection rate, DFS, OS and biomarkers in the perioperative arm; • Pre‐ and postoperative morbidity and mortality ; • Dropout rate due to toxicity; • Disease progression during neoadjuvant therapy; • R0 and R1 resection rate as assessed according to the German S3 guidelines; • Correlation of tumor regression and R0 resection rate with response according to Recist 1.1 in the perioperative study arm; • Overall survival (OS); • First site of tumor recurrence; • Health related quality of life.; • Correlation of DFS, OS and tumor regression with pharmacogenomic markers, tumor biomarkers and molecular analyses . Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 18 months after randomization SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): • Tumor response according to RECIST, histological tumor regression and R0 resection rate as defined in the German S3 guidelines after neoadjuvant nab‐Paclitaxel/Gemcitabine therapy ; • DFS and OS 3 year after randomization after perioperative or adjuvant nab‐Paclitaxel/Gemcitabine therapy ; • Safety of perioperative and adjuvant nab‐Paclitaxel/Gemcitabine ; • Potential association between tumor regression and R0 resection rate, DFS, OS and biomarkers in the perioperative arm ; • Pre‐ and postoperative morbidity and mortality ; • Dropout rate due to toxicity ; • Disease progression during neoadjuvant therapy ; • R0 and R1 resection rate as assessed according to the German S3 guidelines ; • Correlation of tumor regression and R0 resection rate with response according to Recist 1.1 in the perioperative study arm ; • Overall survival (OS) ; • First site of tumor recurrence ; • Health related quality of life (EORTC QLQ‐PAN26, QLQ‐C30 and HADS‐D questionnaires) INCLUSION CRITERIA: • Histologically or cytological confirmed clearly resectable ductal adenocarcinoma of the pancreas (PDAC) = cT3 with no prior tumor specific treatment. • No evidence of metastases to distant organs (e.g. liver, peritoneum, lung). •Measurable tumor according to RECIST 1.1 • ECOG performance status 0 or 1 • Creatinine clearance = 30 ml/min • Serum total bilirubin level = 2.5 x ULN (not necessary for enrollment or randomization, but before start of neoadjuvant chemotherapy) • Transaminases (ALT and AST) = 2.5 x ULN (not necessary for enrollment or randomization, but before start of neoadjuvant chemotherapy) ; • Correlation of DFS, OS and tumor regression with pharmacogenomic markers, tumor biomarkers and molecular analyses (cfDNA, transcriptome, miRNA‐arrays) Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 3 years • Resectable tumor: Determination of resectability based on spiral CT scans with both oral and i.v. contrast enhancement or on MRI using a recent consensus definition (Resectability: Clear fat planes around the celiac artery, hepatic artery and superior mesenteric artery). • In case of biliary obstruction, biliary decompression
Preoperative gemcitabine plus nab-paclitaxel, concurrent 3D conformal radiation therapy for borderline resectable pancreatic cancer: phase I study; INTERVENTION: Induction chemotherapy with GEM/n‐P followed by GEM/n‐P CRT. CONDITION: pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: Safety INCLUSION CRITERIA: (1)Patients with BR pancreatic cancer involving 180 degree of less of the circumference of the SMA, CA, or CHA. (2)Performance Status (ECOG): 0 or 1 (3)Adequate bone marrow reserves, liver/renal functions: WBC: >=3500/mm3, =<;12000/mm3 Neutrophil: >=1500/mm3 Platelet: >=100000/mm3 Hb: >=9.5g/dL AST, ALT, AL‐P: less than twofold of the upper limit of normal range T‐Bil: =<1.5mg/dL Cr: =<1.2mg/dL CCr: >=50ml/min PaO2: >=70torr (4)Life expectancy more than 6 months (5)Written informed consent
Intensified treatment in patients with oligometastatic pancreatic cancer - multimodal surgical treatment versus systemic chemotherapy alone: a randomized controlled trial - METAPANC; INTERVENTION: Product Name: Calcium Folinate,Product Code: PRD1613811,Pharmaceutical Form: SOLUTION FOR INJECTION,Other descriptive name: ,Strength: Folinic Acid 10mg,Product Name: Irinotecan,Product Code: PRD508080,Pharmaceutical Form: SOLUTION FOR INFUSION,Other descriptive name: ,Strength: Irinotecan 20mg/ml,Product Name: Fluorouracil,Product Code: PRD536079,Pharmaceutical Form: SOLUTION FOR INJECTION,Other descriptive name: ,Strength: Fluorouracil 50mg/ml,Product Name: Oxaliplatin,Product Code: PRD544496,Pharmaceutical Form: SOLUTION FOR INFUSION,Other descriptive name: ,Strength: Oxaliplatin 5mg/ml CONDITION: oligometastatic pancreatic cancer Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Neoplasms [C04]‐Analytical,Diagnostic,Therapeutic Techniques and Equipment [E]‐Surgical Procedures, Operative [E04] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective:Is the overall survival in patients with oligometastatics pancreatic cancer superior in patients treated with perioperative mFOLFIRINOX‐followed by complete surgical resection compared to standard‐of‐care mFOLFIRINOX first‐line chemotherapy alone. Primary end point(s):Overall Survival (OS): Time from randomization to death from any cause or EOS Secondary Objective:Development of image‐based biomarkers for therapy response prediction and disease outcome,Identification of biomarkers for better identification of a potential target population which may benefit from intensified multimodal treatment strategies,Identification of Biomarkers (e.g. molecular, radiological) associated with progression or resistance to study treatment,Identification of Biomarkers adding to the understanding of Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma tumor biology SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s):General safety of surgical removal of tumor and metastases in patients with oligometastatic pancreatic cancer Secondary end point(s):Procedure related complications and mortality Secondary end point(s):Progression‐free survival (PFS): Time of randomization to cancer progression or death or EOS Secondary end point(s):Quality of life (EORTC QLQ‐C30, PAN‐26, CIPN20) Secondary end point(s):Quality‐adjusted Time without Symptoms and Toxicity (Q‐TWIST) Assessment of safety INCLUSION CRITERIA: Age = 18 years and = 80 years,histologically or cytologically confirmed metastatic adenocarcinoma of the pancreas,medical and technical operability of the primary tumor,limited synchronous liver metastatic status (=3 resectable/ablatively treatable liver metastases) OR limited metachronous liver metastatic status (=3 resectable/ ablatively treatable liver metastases), but must have completed adjuvant chemotherapy at least 6 months before start of study treatment,Previous neo‐/adjuvant anti‐cancer therapy for non‐metastatic PDAC with last dose administered =6 months before the start of study treatment are allowed,adequate hematological (WBC =3000/µl, platelets =100.000/µl, hemoglobin =8 g/dl), hepatic (bilirubin =2.5 Xmg/dl) and renal function (creatinine clearance >50 ml/min) parameters,ECOG performance status =1,Written informed consent obtained according to international guidelines and local laws,measurable disease according to RECIST v1.1. prior to induction ther
Phase II Neoadjuvant Chemotheraphy (Gemcitabine and Nab-Paclitaxel vs. mFOLFIRINOX) and Sterotatic Body Radiation Therapy for Borderline Resectable Pancreatic Cancer; This is a prospective, randomized phase II trial. Patients diagnosed with borderline resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma will be randomly assigned to one of two treatment arms, either mFOLFIRINOX or gemcitabine and nab‐paclitaxel. After three cycles of treatment in the gemcitabine/nab‐paclitaxel arm and 6 cycles in the mFOLFIRINOX arm, patients will be restaged with CT scans and if they remain borderline resectable or have improvement of their disease They will then proceed to SBRT followed by surgical resection.
Radical antegrade modular pancreatosplenectomy (RAMPS) versus standard retrograde pancreatosplenectomy (SRPS) for resectable body and tail pancreatic adenocarcinoma: protocol of a multicenter, prospective, randomized phase III control trial (CSPAC-3); INTERVENTION: RAMPS group:Radical anterograde total resection of pancreatic body and tail cancer;SRPS group:Standard pancreatic body and tail cancer radical resection; CONDITION: Pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: Overall Survival; SECONDARY OUTCOME: Recurrence Free Survival;R0 resection rate;number of dissected lymph nodes;post‐operative complications;quality of life (QoL) scores; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Treatment‐naive PDAC with histological or cytological diagnosis. 2. Adenocarcinoma of the pancreatic body and tail duct, together with an absence of distant metastases (e.g., liver, peritoneum, lung) and periadrenal infiltration as shown by radiological assessment (enhanced computed tomography [CT], enhanced magnetic resonance imaging [MRI], or positron emission tomography‐computed tomography [PET‐CT]) and surgery. 3. The presence of a standard resectable ductal adenocarcinoma in the body and tail of the pancreas, evaluated both preoperatively and intraoperatively (refer to NCCN guideline 202 of Pancreatic Cancer and ISGPS consensus 2014 of standard distal pancreatectomy). 4. No indications for neoadjuvant therapy (chemotherapy or radiation). 5. No previous systemic therapy for advanced disease. 6. No contra‐indications for curative surgery. 7. Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status of 0 or 1. 8. Aged between 19 a
Multicenter randomized controlled trial of neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy alone or in combination with pembrolizumab in patients with resectable or borderline resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma; BACKGROUND: Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) is a challenging target for immunotherapy because it has an immunosuppressive tumor microenvironment. Neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy can increase tumor‐infiltrating lymphocyte (TIL) density, which may predict overall survival (OS). We hypothesized that adding programmed cell death protein 1 (PD‐1) blockade to chemoradiotherapy would be well tolerated and increase TILs among patients with localized PDAC. METHODS: Patients were randomized 2:1 to Arm A (receiving pembrolizumab plus chemoradiotherapy (capecitabine and external beam radiation)) or Arm B (receiving chemoradiotherapy alone) before anticipated pancreatectomy. Primary endpoints were (1) incidence and severity of adverse events during neoadjuvant therapy and (2) density of TILs in resected tumor specimens. TIL density was assessed using multiplexed immunofluorescence histologic examination. RESULTS: Thirty‐seven patients were randomized to Arms A (n=24) and B (n=13). Grade ≥3 adverse events related to neoadjuvant treatment were experienced by 9 (38%) and 4 (31%) patients in Arms A and B, respectively, with one patient experiencing dose‐limiting toxicity in Arm A. Seventeen (71%) and 7 (54%) patients in Arms A and B, respectively, underwent pancreatectomy. Median CD8+ T‐cell densities in Arms A and B were 67.4 (IQR: 39.2‐141.8) and 37.9 (IQR: 22.9‐173.4) cells/mm2, respectively. Arms showed no noticeable differences in density of CD8+Ki67+, CD4+, or CD4+FOXP3+ regulatory T cells; M1‐like and M2‐like macrophages; or granulocytes. Median OS durations were 27.8 (95% CI: 17.1 to NR) and 24.3 (95% CI: 12.6 to NR) months for Arms A and B, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Adding pembrolizumab to neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy was safe. However, no convincing effect on CD8+ TILs was observed.
A phase Ib/II study of cancer stemness inhibitor napabucasin (BBI-608) in combination with gemcitabine (gem) and nab-paclitaxel (nabPTX) in metastatic pancreatic adenocarcinoma (mPDAC) patients (pts); Background: Cancer stem cells are fundamentally important for resistance to therapy, recurrence and metastasis. Napabucasin is a first‐in‐class cancer stemness inhibitor in development identified by its ability to inhibit STAT3‐driven gene transcription and spherogenesis of cancer stem cells (Li et al, PNAS 112(6):1839, 2015). Preclinical studies suggest that napabucasin sensitizes heterogeneous cancer cells to chemotherapy and targeted agents. Methods: A phase Ib/II multi‐center study in mPDAC pts was performed to confirm the RP2D, PK profile and evidence of anticancer activity of napabucasin in combination with nabPTX and Gem. Pts received napabucasin 240 mg BID with weekly nabPTX 125 mg/m and gem 1000 mg/m for 3 out of every 4 weeks until disease progression (PD) or other discontinuation criterion. Results: Of 71 intent to treat (ITT) pts enrolled, 49 (69%) were treatment‐naive and 22 (31%) received neoadjuvant treatment. There were no significant PK interactions, dose‐limiting or unexpected toxicities. Most common adverse events (AEs) included grade 1 diarrhea/cramping, nausea and fatigue with grade 3 AEs noted in 12 pts: fatigue (8), electrolyte imbalance (2), diarrhea (1), dehydration (1), nausea (1) and weight loss (1). Among pts who received RECIST evaluation (60), disease control (DCR; CR+PR+SD) was observed in 55 (92%), with 1 CR (2%) and 26 PR (43%) (31 ‐ 78% regression). Of 11 pts with non‐evaluable disease, treatment stopped due to compliance (4), consent withdrawal (3), clinical PD (1), toxicity (1), insurance (1) and death (1). Among 71 ITT pts, DCR was observed in 55 (77%), with 1 CR (1.4%) and 26 PR (37%). Maturing median progression free survival and overall survival (OS) in ITT pts is >7.1 and >10.4 m, respectively. Conclusions: This study showed that napabucasin can be combined with nabPTX and gem, with encouraging signs of efficacy in mPDAC now being confirmed in a phase 3 study. (Table Presented).
Nordic Pancreatic Cancer Trial (NorPACT) - 1; Pancreatic cancer is the fourth leading cause of cancer‐related deaths in Europe and the United States. Surgical resection remains the only potentially curative treatment. However, the median survival of patients undergoing pancreatic resection alone is 16‐23 months. The administration of adjuvant chemotherapy leads to an improvement in overall survival. Thus, completion of multimodality treatment (MMT) is the ideal goal and standard of care for treatment of pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC). Currently, the surgery‐first (SF) strategy is the most universally accepted approach to resectable PDAC (and is the standard of care in Norway), but the optimal sequence of surgery and chemotherapy remains unclear. The purpose of this study is to further investigate the additional efficacy of neoadjuvant chemotherapy to the standard treatment for resectable cancer of the pancreatic head (surgery followed by adjuvant chemotherapy).
Clinical advances in pancreasadenocarcinoma; Pancreatic adenocarcinoma (PDAC) remains one of the most lethal cancers today and is expected to be the secondcause of cancer death in the coming decade. Multiple factors including rising incidence, late stage at presentation,disease aggression and ineffective treatment strategies contribute to poor 5‐year survival rates estimated at 8‐11%in North America and European countries (1,2). Today, we are beginning to see advances as we more accuratelydefine tumor stage to provide better assessments for treatment and understand distinct molecular subgroups usedto optimize therapeutic strategies. Molecular profiling of PDAC can uncover specific targets but can also allow formore refined approaches with our standard chemotherapeutics. Understanding how we can further interrogate thetumor microenvironment, metabolic pathways and illicit immune responses in this 'cold' tumor will further improveour treatment options. Many exciting opportunities will be discussed at this meeting Despite multiple large phase III trials, the most prominent advances in recent years have come from combinationchemotherapy regimens showing modest improvements in survival and quality of life parameters over single agentgemcitabine in the first‐line metastatic setting. The current standards are either modified (m) FOLFIRINOX or thedoublet of nab‐paclitaxel plus gemcitabine (GnP), however both still result in median survivals of less than 1 year.As no studies have compared these 2 regimens head to head for efficacy, and aside from a known germlinepathogenic variant in BRCA1/2, patient selection for either regimen is driven by performance status and/or patientpreference for toxicity, schedule and drug‐delivery. Exploring biomarkers or molecular profiling that may predictdifferential responses to chemotherapy upfront are key to advancing the field (3, 4) as only 50‐60 % of patients withPDAC are well enough to move to second‐line metastatic strategies (5). For example, the trial 'PancreaticAdenocarcinoma Signature Stratification for treatment (PASS‐01)', launching this year will evaluate the 2 standardregimens in fit first‐line metastatic patients but will also explore high content molecular profiling, chemotherapysignatures, patient derived organoid models and other putative biomarkers to predict responses to chemotherapyand hypothesize alternatives(4) Building on first line systemics, the recent focus adds new agents to the better tolerated GnP standard. Targetingstroma in PDAC is a significant area of research including strategies aimed at targeting the desmoplasticarchitecture to decrease tumor pressure and vascular compression, thus improving drug delivery to cancer cells. Werecently saw the negative data from the phase III HALO 301 trial. (6) This randomized double‐blinded phase III trialcompared PEGPH20 plus GnP to GnP for patients with hyaluronan (HA)‐high metastatic adenocarcinoma followinga promising randomized phase II trial in this enriched population. The primary endpoint of OS was not met with amedian OS of 11.2 and 11.5 months (HR 1.00, p=0.096). There was a higher response rate in the experimental armbut with no improvement in duration of response, PFS or OS. The authors discuss potential reasons for this failureincluding underestimating the complexity of the the fibro‐inflammatory infiltrate in the TME. While pre‐clinical datademonstrated that desmoplastic stroma may limit the movement of systemic agents to the TME, there is alsoevidence from other studies that stromal elements may restrain PDAC progression (7). Finally, the IHC assay for HAhas some reliability concerns and indeed less data when used to evaluate metastatic biopsies rather than theprimary. Insights will no doubt arise from this disappointing result Other important negative trials reported in the past year include the RESOLVE trial which added ibrutinib (BTKinhibitor) to GnP with a median survival favoring the control (8). The CanStemIIIP trial evaluating the stem cell agentnapabucasin added to GnP was closed for futility on an interim analysis (press release Jul 2019) More promising,strategies combining immunotherapy to chemotherapy are pending and may show subsets that benefit (9) as is theanticipated anti‐mitichondrial drug, devimistat added to mFOLFIRINOX in the first‐line setting (10) Further progress is being made with PDAC deficient in homologous recombination repair (HRD). The sum of datasupports a better survival seen when BRCA‐1 / 2 cases are treated with a platinum salt. A retrospective studydemonstrated a median survival of 2.4 years vs 1.5 years when metastatic HRD mutated patients were treated witha platinum vs another chemo regimen (11). Potentially this population represents approximately 10% of patients andtherefore justifies germline and somatic testing as the result affects chemotherapy choice. Maintenance therapyafter platinum‐based chemotherapy control was studied in the landmark POLO phase III trial. Patients with germline BRCA1 / 2 were randomized 2:1 to PARP inhibitor olaparib or placebo after a minimum of 16 weeks of platinum‐based chemotherapy with response or stable disease. The primary endpoint was met with a PFS of 7.4 vs 3.8months (HR 0.53, p=0.0038) (12). Unfortunately, no improvement in OS was seen at 18.9 vs 18.1 months (HR 0.91,p=0.68). This trial does stand as a proof of principal biomarker‐selected strategy, rather rare in oncology andappears to be changing practice for some pancreas cancer patients. Recent ASCO guidelines were updated toacknowledge that in this specific population in the maintenance setting after platinum‐ based chemotherapy, optionsinclude continuing the active chemotherapy or switching to olaparib (13) The KRAS WT group is a distinct entity that can harbor rare but highly druggable fusions such as NTRK, NRG1,ALK as well as alterations in BRAF (14,15). ASCO guidelines recently updated recommendations for therapy afterfailure of first‐line chemotherapy highlighting treatment with larotrectinib or entrectinib in the presence of an NTRKfusion (13). Similarly, rare subsets testing positive for mismatch repair‐deficiency could be considered forpembrolizumab (13) Clearly one the most significant advances for pancreatic cancer patients in recent times was the striking benefitseen with 6 months of adjuvant mFOLFIRINOX over adjuvant gemcitabine in the PRODIGE24‐CCTG PA6 trial (16).In selected patients post resection (R0 or R1) median disease‐free survival was 21.6 vs 12.8 months (HR 0.58,p<0.0001) and median OS was 54.4 vs 35 months (HR 0.64, p=0.003) all strongly favoring mFOLFIRINOX andrepresenting the best outcomes to date for resected patients. Alternatively, the APACT trial (17) evaluating adjuvantGnP vs. gemcitabine did not meet its primary endpoint of DFS but survival data is maturing The scope for improving patient outcomes by sequencing chemotherapy with surgery is striking. Yet olderpopulation data suggest that only 50% of patients receive any adjuvant chemotherapy, likely due to a combination ofpost‐op frailty plus nihilism towards the benefits of chemotherapy. Hopefully, this is now changing. Also, there isstrong traction to study therapy in the neoadjuvant setting to improve deliverability of the chemo, higher R0resections, a testing of chemosensitivity and better selection for surgery. Recent presentation of SWOG S1505demonstrated similar efficacy of either neoadjuvant mFOLFIRINOX or GnP (18) but leaves the door open for trialscomparing neoadjuvant to adjuvant strategies. In addition, optimizing the best pre‐operative regimens in high riskpopulations such as borderline and locally advanced patients with the potential to convert to a R0 resection is a highpriority including the addition of chemoradiation, and newer local techniques such as SBRT As integrated somatic and germline profiling becomes standard, we will increasingly see targeted approaches forsubsets of patients. However, we will require more innovative approaches leveraging our understanding of theinterplay between TME, metabolic profiles and microbioata. Never have efforts been more focused for success inpancreas cancer.
Phase II presurgical feasibility study of bevacizumab in untreated patients with metastatic renal cell carcinoma; PURPOSE: To assess safety and efficacy of presurgical bevacizumab in patients with metastatic renal cell carcinoma (mRCC), and to explore the hypothesis that pretreatment of patients with antiangiogenic therapy will select patients who benefit most from cytoreductive nephrectomy. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Patients with newly diagnosed, clear cell mRCC whose primary tumors were considered resectable were enrolled. In this single‐arm, phase II trial, patients received bevacizumab plus erlotinib (first patients, n = 23) or bevacizumab alone (n = 27 patients) for 8 weeks followed by restaging. If patients demonstrated progressive disease and had declining performance statuses after 8 weeks, nephrectomy procedures were deferred. Postoperatively, patients continued on the study drug or drugs if disease stabilization or regression had occurred. RESULTS: Between March 2005 and March 2008, 52 patients were enrolled on study, and 50 were included in the analysis. By Memorial Sloan‐Kettering Cancer Center criteria, 82% of patients had intermediate‐risk, and 18% had poor‐risk, features. Forty‐two patients underwent nephrectomy. Median progression‐free survival was 11.0 months (95% CI, 5.5 to 15.6 months). Median overall survival was 25.4 months (95% CI, 11.4 months to not estimable). Two perioperative deaths occurred; neither was attributable to study drug. Wound dehiscence resulted in treatment discontinuation for three patients and treatment delay for two others. CONCLUSION: Presurgical treatment with bevacizumab therapy yields clinical outcomes comparable to post‐surgical treatment with antiangiogenic therapy in patients with mRCC, but it may result in wound‐healing delays. Prospective, randomized trials to test the use of presurgical therapy as a method to select appropriate patients for cytoreductive nephrectomy are warranted.
Preoperative gemcitabine plus nab-paclitaxel, concurrent 3D conformal radiation therapy for resectable pancreatic cancer: phase II study; INTERVENTION: Induction chemotherapy withgemcitabine plus nab‐Paclitaxel followed by gemcitabine plus nab‐Paclitaxel CRT CONDITION: pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: Overall survival SECONDARY OUTCOME: Disease free survival, Response (either radiological or pathological), R0 resection rate, safety, pattern of recurrence INCLUSION CRITERIA: (1)Patients with resectable pancreatic cancer (JPS‐T3/T4) (2) PS(ECOG):0 or 1 (3) Adequate bone marrow reserves, liver/renal function: WBC:>=3500/mm3, <=12000/mm3 Neutrophil:>=1500/m3 Platelet:>=100000/mm3 Hb:>=9.5g/dl GOT, GPT, AL‐P:less than 2‐fold of the upper limit of normal range TBil:<=1.5mg/dl Cr:<=1.2mg/dl CCr>=50ml/min PaO2:>=70torr (4)Life expectancy more than 6 months. (5) Written informed consent
Neoadjuvant chemotherapy versus surgery first for resectable pancreatic cancer (Norwegian Pancreatic Cancer Trial - 1 (NorPACT-1)) - study protocol for a national multicentre randomized controlled trial; BACKGROUND: Pancreatic cancer is the fourth leading cause of cancer‐related death. While surgical resection remains the foundation for potentially curative treatment, survival benefit is achieved with adjuvant oncological treatment. Thus, completion of multimodality treatment (surgical resection and (neo)adjuvant chemotherapy) to all patients and early treatment of micrometastatic disease is the ideal goal. NorPACT‐1 aims to test the hypothesis that overall mortality at one year after allocation of treatment can be reduced with neoadjuvant chemotherapy in surgically treated patients with resectable pancreatic cancer. METHODS/DESIGN: The NorPACT‐ 1 is a multicentre, randomized controlled phase III trial organized by the Norwegian Gastrointestinal Cancer Group for Hepato‐Pancreato‐Biliary cancer. Patients with resectable adenocarcinoma of the pancreatic head are randomized to receive either surgery first (Group 1: SF/control) or neoadjuvant chemotherapy (Group 2: NT/intervention) with four cycles FOLFIRINOX followed by resection. Both groups receive adjuvant chemotherapy with gemicitabine and capecitabine (six cycles in Group 1, four cycles in Group 2). In total 90 patients will be randomized in all the five Norwegian university hospitals performing pancreatic surgery. Primary endpoint is overall mortality at one year following commencement of treatment for those who ultimately undergo resection. Secondary endpoints are overall survival after date of randomization (intention to treat), overall survival after resection, disease‐free survival, histopathological response, complication rates after surgery, feasibility of neoadjuvant and adjuvant chemotherapy, completion rates of all parts of multimodal treatment, and quality‐of‐life. Bolt‐on to the study is a translational research program that aims at identifying factors that are predictive of response to NT, the risk of distant cancer spread, and patient outcome. DISCUSSION: NorPACT‐ 1 is designed to investigate the additional benefit of NT compared to standard treatment only (surgery + adjuvant chemotherapy) for resectable cancer of the pancreatic head to decrease early mortality (within one year) in resected patients. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Trial open for accrual 01.02.2017. ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT02919787 . Date of registration: September 14, 2016.
The feasibility phase II trial for multidisciplinary therapy for borderline resectable pancreatic cancer; INTERVENTION: Preoperative chemotherapy using GEM/nPTX and panreatectomy CONDITION: Pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: The postoperative morbidity rate of pancreatectomy following neo‐adjuvant GEM/nPTx INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1)Patients with pancreatic cancer which is too advanced locally to be resected curatively. 2)The fair or more function of major organs is mainteined. 3)Written informed consent is obtained
Prospective cohort study of neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy using GEM and nabPTX for borderline resectable pancreatic cancer; INTERVENTION: Neoadjuvant chemotherapy using GEM and nabPTX CONDITION: Borderline resectable pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: Overall survival SECONDARY OUTCOME: Response rate INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1.Cases diagnosed BRPC 2.Cases which chemotherapy and radiation were not performed 3.Over twenty years of age 4.Cases whose performance status at ECOG is from 0 to 1 5.Good organ function Neutrophil more than 1500, Platelet more than 100000, Hb more than 9, AST/ALT less than 7.5, T‐Bil less than 2.0, Cr less than 1.5
Outcome after neoadjuvant chemoradiation and correlation with nutritional status in patients with locally advanced pancreatic cancer; BACKGROUND: Cancer patients commonly suffer from weight loss since rapid tumor growth can cause catabolic metabolism and depletion of energy stores such as abdominal fat. In locally advanced pancreatic cancer this is even more pronounced due to abdominal pain, fatigue, nausea or malnutrition. In the present article, we quantify this frequently observed weight loss and assess its impact on outcome and survival. METHODS: Data on demographics, biometrics, toxicity and survival were collected for the last 100 patients treated with neoadjuvant chemoradiation for locally advanced pancreatic cancer at our department (45.0 Gy and boost up to 54.0 Gy plus concurrent and subsequent gemcitabine), and the subcutaneous fat area at the umbilicus level was measured by computer tomography before and after chemoradiation. RESULTS: After chemoradiation, patients showed a highly statistically significant weight loss and reduction of the subcutaneous fat area. We could determine a very strong correlation of subcutaneous fat area to patient BMI. By categorizing patients according to their BMI based on the WHO classification as slender, normal, overweight and obese, we found improved but not statistically significant survival among obese patients. Accordingly, patients who showed less weight loss tended to survive longer. CONCLUSIONS: In this study, patients with pancreatic cancer lost weight during chemoradiation and their subcutaneous fat diminished. Changes in subcutaneous fat area were highly correlated with patients' BMI. Moreover, obese patients and patients who lost less weight had an improved outcome after treatment. Although the extent of weight loss was not significantly correlated with survival, the observed trend warrants greater attention to nutritional status in the future.
Neoadjuvant Therapy for Resectable and Borderline Resectable Pancreatic Cancer: a Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; The efficacy of neoadjuvant therapy (NT) versus surgery first (SF) for pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) remains controversial. A random‐effects meta‐analysis of only prospective randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing NT versus SF for potentially resectable (PR) or borderline resectable (BR) PDAC was performed. Among six RCTs including 850 patients, 411 (48.3%) received NT and 439 (51.6%) SF. In all included trials, NT was gemcitabine‐based: four using chemoradiation and two chemotherapy alone. Based on an intention‐to‐treat analysis, NT resulted in improved overall survival (OS) compared to SF (HR 0.73, 95% CI 0.61‐0.86). This effect was independent of anatomic classification (PR: hazard ratio (HR) 0.73, 95% CI 0.59‐0.91; BR: HR 0.51 95% CI 0.28‐0.93) or NT type (chemoradiation: HR 0.77, 95% CI 0.61‐0.98; chemotherapy alone: HR 0.68, 95% CI 0.54‐0.87). Overall resection rate was similar (risk ratio (RR) 0.93, 95% CI 0.82‐1.04, I2 = 39.0%) but NT increased the likelihood of a margin‐negative (R0) resection (RR 1.51, 95% CI 1.18‐1.93, I2 = 0%) and having negative lymph nodes (RR 2.07, 95% CI 1.47‐2.91, I2 = 12.3%). In this meta‐analysis of prospective RCTs, NT significantly improved OS in an intention‐to‐treat fashion, compared with SF for localized PDAC. Randomized controlled trials using contemporary multi‐agent chemotherapy will be needed to confirm these findings and to define the optimal NT regimen.
Gemcitabine plus nab-paclitaxel until progression or alternating with FOLFIRI.3, as first-line treatment for patients with metastatic pancreatic adenocarcinoma: the Federation Francophone de Cancérologie Digestive-PRODIGE 37 randomised phase II study (FIRGEMAX); Background: Chemotherapy is effective in metastatic pancreatic adenocarcinoma (mPA), but new approaches are still needed to improve patients' survival and quality of life. We have previously published good efficacy and tolerability results on a sequential treatment strategy of gemcitabine followed by an intensified FOLFIRI (5FU+irinotecan) regimen. In the present study, we evaluated the same sequence but replaced gemcitabine by the new gemcitabine + nab‐paclitaxel standard first‐line combination. Patients and methods: We randomised chemotherapy‐naive patients with proven mPA, bilirubin levels ≤1.5 upper limit of normal values and performance status 0–2 to alternately receive gemcitabine + nab‐paclitaxel for 2 months then FOLFIRI.3 for 2 months in arm A, or gemcitabine + nab‐paclitaxel alone until progression in arm B. The primary objective was to increase the 6‐month progression‐free survival (PFS) rate from 40% (H0) to 60% (H1); using the binomial exact method, 124 patients were required. Analyses were carried out in preplanned modified intention‐to‐treat (mITT) and per‐protocol (PP) populations. Results: Between November 2015 and November 2016, 127 patients were enrolled. Main grade III–IV toxicities (% in arm A/B) were: diarrhoea (12.5/1.7), neutropenia (46.9/31, including febrile neutropenia: 1.6/0), skin toxicity (6.3/13.8), and peripheral neuropathy (6.3/8.6). No toxic deaths occurred. The objective response rate was 40.3% (95% confidence interval [CI]: 28.1–53.6) in arm A and 26.7% (95% CI: 16.1–39.7) in arm B. The primary end‐point (6‐month PFS rate) was 45.2% [one‐sided 95% CI: 34.3–56.4] in arm A and 23.3% in arm B [one‐sided 95% CI: 14.3–32.3] in the mITT population. In the PP population, median PFS and OS were 7.6 months and 6 months and 14.5 months and 12.2 months in arm A and B, respectively. Conclusions: The FIRGEMAX strategy with gemcitabine + nab‐paclitaxel alternating with FOLFIRI.3 every 2 months, appears feasible and effective, with manageable toxicities, in patients able to reach >2mo of treatment. Trial registration information: EudraCT: 2014‐004449‐28: NCT: 0282701.
Clinical efficacy of IORT on patients with unrectable pancreatic body-tail carcinoma: a randomized controlled trial; INTERVENTION: Unresectable pancreatic cancer in operation:IORT;Unresectable pancreatic cancer in operation:natural light ; CONDITION: pancreatic body‐tail carcinoma PRIMARY OUTCOME: Safety Assessment;Quality of life scores;disease free survival time;Postoperative survival time; SECONDARY OUTCOME: Safety Assessment; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Male and female aged 18 to 70 years old; Patients who are clinically diagnosed as pancreatic body‐tail carcinoma have good body situation and basic normal nutrition condition. They haven't undergone any preoperative chemotherapy or radiotherapy. They haven't severe dysfunction of heart,l ung, liver and kidney, and no Jaundice, ascites, obstructive alimentary tract and acute infection. The routine blood test is normal with WBC>=4,000/mm3, Hb>=100g/L and plt>=100,000/mm3. The coagulation parameters are normal with PT, KPTT and TT in normal range. Quality of life grading (Karnofsky criteria) is over 80 scores. Operative endurance is good to endure operation and chemo‐radiotherapy; 2. Patients are able and willing to provide signed informed consent; 3. Unresectable pancreatic cancer in operation.
Preoperative gemcitabine plus nab-paclitaxel, concurrent 3D conformal radiation therapy for resectable and borderline resectable pancreatic cancer: phase II study; INTERVENTION: Induction chemotherapy with GEM/nPTX followed by GEM/nPTX CRT as a preoperative treatment for 3 months. CONDITION: pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: Overall survival SECONDARY OUTCOME: Disease free survival, Response (either radiological or pathological), R0 resection rate, safety, pattern of recurrence INCLUSION CRITERIA: (1) Patients with resectable and borderline resecable pancreatic cancer (JPS‐T3/4) (2) PS(ECOG):0 or 1 (3) Adequate bone marrow reserves, liver/renal function: WBC:>=3,500/mm3, <=12,000/mm3 Neutrophil: >=1,500/mm3 platelet: >=100,000/mm3 Hb: >=9.5g/dL GOT,GPT,ALP: less than 2.5‐fold of the upper limit of normal range TBil: <=1.5mg/dL Cr: <=1.2ng/dL Ccr: >=50ml/min (4) Life expectancy more than 6 months. (5) Written informed consent.
Can a new standard of radiology reporting help improve diagnosis of pancreatic cancer?; INTERVENTION: Suspected pancreatic cancer patients listed for multidisciplinary meeting (MDM) discussion will have their abdominal CT scans assessed prior to the MDM by radiologist. The radiologist will use a structured (synoptic) reporting tool to describe in detail the anatomical nature of their disease and document this. The synoptic report collects around 60 discrete fields of data that describe in detail the pancreatic cancer mass characteristics, blood vessel involvement and determines the extent of any disease spread (metastases). It includes an inherent diagnostic algorithm from the international consensus guidelines that helps define clearly resectable (CR), borderline resectable (BR) or locally advanced (LA) pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma. The synoptic reporting template has been developed through close consultation with pancreatic surgeons and specialist radiologists, and it has been piloted in two hospitals in Melbourne and shown to increase the accuracy of reporting. This new RCT is to investigate whether the introduction of the structured synoptic report across Australian institutions involved in the management of pancreatic cancer provides greater accuracy of staging and diagnosis of the disease. Radiologists will be provided individual login details to access and complete the reporting tool built on the REDCap platform. The median time needed to complete a synoptic report for a patient by a radiologist during the pilot of this synoptic report was 4 minutes, so it is assumed the time will be similar for this study. Radiologists will undergo a brief training program in the implementation of the synoptic template report. No additional skills or training is required to actually report these CT scans (which is within the usual scope of practice of the radiolog CONDITION: Cancer ‐ Pancreatic pancreatic cancer; ; pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: Patient diagnosed with BR pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) (yes/no). The primary objective of this trial is to determine the change in the proportion of patients diagnosed with BR PDAC before and after introduction of the synoptic report.; The definition of BR‐PDAC is radiological derived from the international consensus document. No further tests or tools are required to assign a radiological allocation of BR‐PDAC other than the index CT scan.; ; ; [Borderline resectability of each patient will be determined at the time of each patient’s assessment. ; Cumulative data will be assessed at the conclusion of the study to determine the changes in the proportion of patients diagnosed with BR PDAC. ] SECONDARY OUTCOME: atient's survival status. To determine the overall survival rate for patients with CR localised PC. ; (Note: Survival rates for patients with CR cancer, rates for patients with BR cancer and rates for patients with LA disease will each be assessed independently.)[6 months post completion of recruitment at end of trial] Patient diagnosed with BR (yes/no). To determine the change in the proportion of patients with BR in a prospective cohort of patients with PC. ; No further tests or tools are required to assign a radiological allocation of the specific type of PDAC other than the inde XCT scan.[Resectability of each patient will be determined at the time of each patient’s assessment. ; Cumulative data will be assessed at the conclusion of the study to determine the changes in the proportion of patients diagnosed with the specific type of PDAC. ] Patient diagnosed with CR (yes/no). To determine the change in the proportion of patients with CR in a prospective cohort of patients with PC. ; No further tests or tools are required to assign a radiological allocation of the specific type of PDAC other than the inde XCT scan. ; ; ; ; [Resectability of each patient will be determined at the time of each patient’s assessment. ; Cumulative data will be assessed at the conclusion of the study to determine the changes in the proportion of patients diagnosed with the specific type of PDAC. ; ] Patient diagnosed with LA PDAC (yes/no). To determine the change in the proportion of patients with LA in a prospective cohort of patients with PC. ; No further tests or tools are required to assign a radiological allocation of the specific type of PDAC other than the inde XCT scan.[Resectability of each patient will be determined at the time of each patient’s assessment. ; Cumulative data will be assessed at the conclusion of the study to determine the changes in the proportion of patients diagnosed with the specific type of PDAC. ] Patient undergoing R1 resection (yes/no). To determine the change in the proportion of patients undergoing R1 resection (microscopic margin positivity). ; The information regarding whether a surgical margin is positive or not is documented and obtained from the anatomical pathology histopathological assessment of resected pancreas cancers, which is one of the primary data sources we gather.[At the time of surgery (if undertaken)] Patient undergoing R2 resection (yes/no). To determine the change in the proportion of patients undergoing R2 resection (macroscopic margin positivity). ; The information regarding whether an R2 margin (gross tumour left at time of surgery) will be obtained from the surgical operation report provided as one of the primary data sources, which will be uploaded to the REDCap database.[At the time of surgery (if undertaken)] Patient's management strategy changed (yes, no). To determine the change in the management strategies for patients with CR, BR and LA PDAC. ; Treatment patterns before and after for each group individual will be assessed. ; The MDT Discussion outcome document (ie, the primary source document) will clarify what the treatment plan is for each individual patient and provide the answer. The management strategy documented will be compared before and after synoptic reporting. [At the time of MDT] Patient's surgery is abandoned (yes/no). To determine the change in the proportion of patients whose surgery is abandoned. ; Surgical operation report will provide this information (i.e. that a patient had a surgical resection intended, but that was abandoned and why).[At the time of surgery (if undertaken)] Patient's survival status. To determine the overall survival rate for patients with BR localised PC.[6 months post completion of recruitment at end of trial] Patient's survival status. To determine the overall survival rate for patients with LA localised PC.[6 months post completion of recruitment at end of trial] Patients planned to receive neoadjuvant chemotherapy (yes/no). To determine the change in the proportion of patients with BR PDAC planned to have neoadjuvant chemotherapy. ; The MDT Discussion outcome document will clarify what the treatment plan is for each individual patient. If this plan documents ‘plan to receive neoadjuvant chemotherapy’ then that is a ‘yes’ to ‘plan to receive neoadjuvant therapy’. The proportion of patients who have this plan before and after the synoptic report is introduced for BR will be therefore calculated. In short, the primary source document (MDT discussion outcome) will provide the answer.[At the time of the MDT] Patients planned to receive neoadjuvant chemotherapy (yes/no). To determine the change in the proportion of patients with CR PDAC planned to have neoadjuvant chemotherapy. ; The multidisciplinary team (MDT) Discussion outcome document will clarify what the treatment plan is for each individual patient. If this plan documents ‘plan to receive neoadjuvant chemotherapy’ then that is a ‘yes’ to ‘plan to receive neoadjuvant therapy’. The proportion of patients who have this plan before and after the synoptic report is introduced for CR will be therefore calculated. In short, the primary source document (MDT discussion outcome) will provide the answer.[At the time of the MDT] Patients planned to receive neoadjuvant chemotherapy (yes/no). To determine the change in the proportion of patients with LA PDAC planned to have neoadjuvant chemotherapy. ; The MDT Discussion outcome document will clarify what the treatment plan is for each individual patient. If this plan documents ‘plan to receive neoadjuvant chemotherapy’ then that is a ‘yes’ to ‘plan to receive neoadjuvant therapy’. The proportion of patients who have this plan before and after the synoptic report is introduced for LA will be therefore calculated. In short, the primary source document (MDT discussion outcome) will provide the answer.[At the time of the MDT] To determine the extent to which the synoptic reports for PC has become standard of care in routine MDT meetings and whether this model has been incorporated into in‐house RIS/PACS (radiology information systems and picture archiving and communication systems). ; ; This will be assessed by a query ‘are you still using synoptic reporting’ 6 months after trial complete which will be asked of each principal investigator at each site.[6 months after trial complete ] To determine the satisfaction of radiologists and HPB (hepatobiliary) surgeons involved in this trial (to be determined using a standard survey tool which is designed specifically for this study)[Prior to the introduction of synoptic reporting and 6 months post commencing synoptic reporting] INCLUSION CRITERIA: Health Services: 1. Hold a multidisciplinary team (MDT) meeting where PDAC cases are presented 2. Are prepared to be randomised 3. Manage on average 30 patients with PDAC annually (including but not limited to: use of chemotherapy, surgery, palliative care) Within each health institution that is randomised, the study will assess the use of the synoptic reporting in people who meet the following criteria 1. Be aged 18 years of age or older; 2. Have suspected PDAC; 3. Have an abdominal CT scan (either performed by hospital radiology departments or an external radiology service) as a part of standard clinical care for diagnostic purposes; and 4. Are listed for discussion on the hepato‐pancreato‐biliary (HPB) multidisciplinary team (MDT) agenda of a participating site
Short-course Versus Long-course Pre-operative Chemotherapy With mFOLFIRINOX or PAXG (CASSANDRA TRIAL); Pancreatic cancer is the seventh cause of death in cancer patients and more than 94% of affected patients die of cancer disease. In the majority of cases, the diagnosis is done at an advanced stage and only 10‐20% of patients can be treated with a surgical resection. For this neoplasia, a radical resection may be an effective treatment. Nevertheless, results obtained with surgery alone are rather inadequate, showing a median survival of 12‐14 months and 2‐year survival of almost 20%: it seems evident the necessity to use complementary treatments in order to improve survival rate in this group of patients. Pancreatic cancer can relapse locally, at the level of tumoral bed, of the regional lymph nodes, on the immediately adjacent peritoneal surface or on contiguous organs. Also, distant metastases are quite frequent, mainly to the liver, at the entire peritoneal surface and, rarely, to the extra‐abdominal organs. The rapid appearance of these metastases after surgical resection strongly suggests the presence of subclinical metastatic diffusion at an early phase of the disease. Currently, combination chemotherapy based on the mFOLFIRINOX regimen is considered the therapeutic standard in the adjuvant setting, in young and fit patients. Unfortunately, mFOLFIRINOX is burdened with strong haematological and extra‐haematologic toxicity and just 2/3 of patients are able to complete the treatment. Recently, PAXG regimen [(Cisplatin (P), Abraxane (A), Capecitabine (X), Gemcitabine (G)] when compared to AG in randomized studies, showed an improvement in terms of progression‐free survival (PFS) and overall survival in borderline resectable, locally advanced and metastatic patients. To date, several ongoing randomized trials are investigating the efficacy of perioperative or neoadjuvant strategies in early stage PDAC. Only few studies are available regarding neoadjuvant treatment: some are outdated, numerically inconsistent, retrospective, or not randomized. In this scenario, it aims to better investigate pre‐operative therapeutic strategy. For this purpose, two randomizations are planned. 1. FIRST RANDOMIZATION. Eligible patients will be randomized (1:1), stratifying by basal CA19.9 level (<5 ULN vs ≥ 5ULN) and centre to receive: PAXG or mFOLFIRINOX for 4 months 2. SECOND RANDOMIZATION. Patients without progression or limiting toxicity after 4 months of the assigned chemotherapy in the study, will be randomized (1:1), stratifying by treatment assigned by the first randomization, to receive 2 further months of the same chemotherapy either BEFORE or AFTER surgery.
Neoadjuvant durvalumab with or without stereotactic body radiotherapy in patients with early-stage non-small-cell lung cancer: a single-centre, randomised phase 2 trial; Background: Previous phase 2 trials of neoadjuvant anti‐PD‐1 or anti‐PD‐L1 monotherapy in patients with early‐stage non‐small‐cell lung cancer have reported major pathological response rates in the range of 15–45%. Evidence suggests that stereotactic body radiotherapy might be a potent immunomodulator in advanced non‐small‐cell lung cancer (NSCLC). In this trial, we aimed to evaluate the use of stereotactic body radiotherapy in patients with early‐stage NSCLC as an immunomodulator to enhance the anti‐tumour immune response associated with the anti‐PD‐L1 antibody durvalumab. Methods: We did a single‐centre, open‐label, randomised, controlled, phase 2 trial, comparing neoadjuvant durvalumab alone with neoadjuvant durvalumab plus stereotactic radiotherapy in patients with early‐stage NSCLC, at NewYork‐Presbyterian and Weill Cornell Medical Center (New York, NY, USA). We enrolled patients with potentially resectable early‐stage NSCLC (clinical stages I–IIIA as per the 7th edition of the American Joint Committee on Cancer) who were aged 18 years or older with an Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group performance status of 0 or 1. Eligible patients were randomly assigned (1:1) to either neoadjuvant durvalumab monotherapy or neoadjuvant durvalumab plus stereotactic body radiotherapy (8 Gy × 3 fractions), using permuted blocks with varied sizes and no stratification for clinical or molecular variables. Patients, treating physicians, and all study personnel were unmasked to treatment assignment after all patients were randomly assigned. All patients received two cycles of durvalumab 3 weeks apart at a dose of 1·12 g by intravenous infusion over 60 min. Those in the durvalumab plus radiotherapy group also received three consecutive daily fractions of 8 Gy stereotactic body radiotherapy delivered to the primary tumour immediately before the first cycle of durvalumab. Patients without systemic disease progression proceeded to surgical resection. The primary endpoint was major pathological response in the primary tumour. All analyses were done on an intention‐to‐treat basis. This trial is registered with ClinicalTrial.gov, NCT02904954, and is ongoing but closed to accrual. Findings: Between Jan 25, 2017, and Sept 15, 2020, 96 patients were screened and 60 were enrolled and randomly assigned to either the durvalumab monotherapy group (n=30) or the durvalumab plus radiotherapy group (n=30). 26 (87%) of 30 patients in each group had their tumours surgically resected. Major pathological response was observed in two (6·7% [95% CI 0·8–22·1]) of 30 patients in the durvalumab monotherapy group and 16 (53·3% [34·3–71·7]) of 30 patients in the durvalumab plus radiotherapy group. The difference in the major pathological response rates between both groups was significant (crude odds ratio 16·0 [95% CI 3·2–79·6]; p<0·0001). In the 16 patients in the dual therapy group with a major pathological response, eight (50%) had a complete pathological response. The second cycle of durvalumab was withheld in three (10%) of 30 patients in the dual therapy group due to immune‐related adverse events (grade 3 hepatitis, grade 2 pancreatitis, and grade 3 fatigue and thrombocytopaenia). Grade 3–4 adverse events occurred in five (17%) of 30 patients in the durvalumab monotherapy group and six (20%) of 30 patients in the durvalumab plus radiotherapy group. The most frequent grade 3–4 events were hyponatraemia (three [10%] patients in the durvalumab monotherapy group) and hyperlipasaemia (three [10%] patients in the durvalumab plus radiotherapy group). Two patients in each group had serious adverse events (pulmonary embolism [n=1] and stroke [n=1] in the durvalumab monotherapy group, and pancreatitis [n=1] and fatigue [n=1] in the durvalumab plus radiotherapy group). No treatment‐related deaths or deaths within 30 days of surgery were reported. Interpretation: Neoadjuvant durvalumab combined with stereotactic body radiotherapy is well tolerated, safe, and associated with a high major pathological response rate. This neoadjuvant strategy should be validated in a larger trial. Funding: AstraZeneca.
Efficacy of using Synbiotics during neoadjuvant chemotherapy in pancreatic and biliary cancer patients; INTERVENTION: Synbiotics treatment during chamoradiotherapy CONDITION: pancreatic cancer, biliary cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: Nutritional parameter SECONDARY OUTCOME: Incidence of adverse events during chemoradiotherapy, Incidence of postoperative infectious complications, fecal microflora, fecal organic acid INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients with pancreatic and biliary cancer, who are scheduled to receive neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy ‐Performance status is 0‐2 ‐No serious abnormality in heart, lung, bone marrow, liver, and renal functions
Observational study of neoadjuvant GS chemotherapy for patients with pancreatic cancer; INTERVENTION: Two cycles of neoadjuvant chemotherapy using Gemcitabine(100mg/m2,day1,day8) and S1(100mg/body or 120mg/body, day1‐day14) CONDITION: pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: Safety and efficacy of the neoadjuvant GS chemotherapy SECONDARY OUTCOME: Changes in tumour size and tumour markers, resection rate and R0 resection rate INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1)clinical diagnosis of pancreatic cancer 2)no distant metastasis 3)possible macroscopic curative resection 4)treatment naive 5)presence of measurable lesion 6)possible oral intake of S1 7)possible written informed consent 8)age not less than 20
Phase I study of neoadjuvant chemotherapy with gemcitabine and nab paclitaxel for resectable pancreatic cancer; INTERVENTION: dose escalation of nab‐PTX CONDITION: resectable pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: We can evaluate the sensitivity of anti‐cancer drugs at a time when evaluable lesions prior to surgery. Prolongation of disease free survival and overall survival. INCLUSION CRITERIA: resectble pancreatic cancer patients withour serious complications
Pancreatic Cancer With Elevated Serum CA125 Were Compared With Those Who Did Not Receive Neoadjuvant Chemotherapy; This study is a prospective, multicenter, randomized, controlled Ⅲ period clinical trials.A total of 600 patients with resectable pancreatic cancer assessed by imaging and serum CA125≥35 U/mL were randomly assigned according to the ratio of 1:1 (300 cases: 300 cases) between the direct surgical resection group and the neoadjuvant chemotherapy group, to observe the efficacy and safety of patients with resectable pancreatic cancer with elevated serum CA125 with or without neoadjuvant chemotherapy.Neoadjuvant chemotherapy and adjuvant chemotherapy can use albumin‐binding paclitaxel combined with gemcitabine (AG) regimen or mFOLFirinox (5‐FU, calcium leucofolate [LV], irinotecan, oxaliplatin) regimen. AG regimen was given on day 1, 8, 15, and repeated every 4 weeks.The mFOLFIRINOX regimen was administered on days 1 and 15 and repeated every 4 weeks.Patients in the neoadjuvant chemotherapy group were treated with 4 courses of neoadjuvant chemotherapy (AG regimen or mFOLFIRINOX regimen) immediately after the pathologic diagnosis of pancreatic adenocarcinoma was confirmed by puncture.Patients receiving neoadjuvant chemotherapy will undergo surgical exploration to assess the resectability of the tumor.Four to eight weeks after radical resection, the patients were treated with adjuvant chemotherapy from the recovery of surgical trauma. The choice of adjuvant chemotherapy after surgery depended on the response to neoadjuvant chemotherapy.If neoadjuvant chemotherapy is effective, adjuvant chemotherapy will maintain the original regimen;If neoadjuvant chemotherapy is ineffective but radical surgery is still feasible, adjuvant chemotherapy will be used with a crossover regimen.Neoadjuvant chemotherapy group received adjuvant chemotherapy for 2 courses.In the direct surgical resection group, 6 courses of adjuvant chemotherapy were started 4 to 8 weeks after radical resection.Relevant examinations should be conducted before and after each course of medication to evaluate safety events. Imaging reexaminations should be conducted every 2 courses of medication, and imaging reexaminations should be conducted every 3 months during follow‐up to evaluate disease recurrence.
Proteomic analysis of cases with pancreatic cancer who undergo preoperative chemoradiation therapy; INTERVENTION: Proteomic analysis of resected specimen CONDITION: pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: Identification of the protein expression that there is significant difference between good and poor prognostic cases INCLUSION CRITERIA: Resected cases with pancreatic cancer who undergo preoperative chemoradiation therapy and are diagnosed histologically
A prospective, randomized trial of pre-operative and intraoperative radiotherapy versus surgery alone in resectable gastric cancer; INTRODUCTION: Worldwide, gastric cancer remains one of the most common malignancies. Discouraging survival rates after surgical treatment promote the study of adjuvant therapy. A prospectively, randomized, controlled clinical trial was performed in order to determine whether pre‐operative and intraoperative radiotherapy improves treatment results of gastrectomy for stomach carcinoma. METHODS: From 1993 to 1998, 112 patients were randomized and underwent exploratory laparotomy; among them 78 satisfied protocol requirements and entered in the trial. Patients in the experimental group were treated with pre‐operative radiotherapy (20 Gy/5 days), gastrectomy and intraoperative radiotherapy (20 Gy using 8‐12 electrons). Patients in the control group underwent surgery alone. RESULTS: Incidence and distribution of post‐operative complications were similar in both groups except significantly higher incidence of pancreatitis after surgical treatment. No late radiation‐related morbidity was registered. There was no significant difference in survival between the two treatment groups (Chi(2)=1.026, df=1, P=0. 311) as well as in N0 (Chi(2)=0.0029, df=1, P=0.956) and T1‐2 subgroups (Chi(2)=0.1928, df=1, P=0.660). In contrast, combined treatment had marked survival advantage in more advanced stages: in the case of lymph‐node involvement (Chi(2)=4.19, df=1, P=0.04) and extragastric tumour extension (Chi(2)=4.118, df=1, P=0.042). CONCLUSION: The proposed intensive treatment programme is feasible, shows good acute and late tolerance and has the potential to improve survival in patients with locally advanced gastric cancer.
Early Postoperative Oral Feeding After Total Gastrectomy in Gastric Carcinoma Patients: a Retrospective Before-After Study Using Propensity Score Matching; Background: Despite its clinical benefits, early oral nutrition after total gastrectomy is not widely implemented because of concerns about tolerability and safety. We investigated the feasibility and safety of early oral nutrition after total gastrectomy in gastric carcinoma patients. Methods: This is a retrospective before–after study. From 2008–2016, 301 patients received conventional oral feeding (COF) before May 2012, and 454 patients, early oral feeding (EOF) after May 2012. The EOF group received oral diet on postoperative day 1, and the COF group was maintained nil‐by‐mouth until patients demonstrated gas passage. After balancing potential confounders using propensity score matching, 203 patients were selected in each group. Results: Both matched groups demonstrated well‐balanced baseline characteristics. The EOF group demonstrated significantly earlier first flatus time (2.9 vs 3.1 days, P =.013) and hospital discharge (8.9 vs 12.6 days, P <.001) than the COF group. No significant differences were observed for overall morbidity and mortality, but the EOF group demonstrated lower incidence of abdominal infection (3.0% vs 7.4%, P =.044) and anastomosis leakage (1.5% vs 4.9%, P =.048). Subgroup analyses by age, sex, operative approach, lymph node dissection, and tumor stage demonstrated no increased risk of morbidity, anastomosis leakage, and short hospital stay in the EOF group. Conclusion: Early oral nutrition may be feasible and safe after total gastrectomy, with no increase in postoperative complications. Large, randomized, controlled trials are warranted to further investigate the clinical benefits of early oral nutrition after total gastrectomy.
Preoperative chemoradiation therapy combined with peptide vaccination for T3-pancreatic cancer: prospective phase I/II study; INTERVENTION: Preoperative gemcitabine‐based chemoradiation therapy with peptide vaccination Preoperative gemcitabine‐based chemoradiation therapy without peptide vaccination CONDITION: T3(UICC)‐pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: Safety; Disease free survival SECONDARY OUTCOME: Overall survival,; Histopathological and immunological response, pattern of recurrence INCLUSION CRITERIA: Resectable Pancreatic cancer ; T3 of UICC TNM classification of malignant tumours 7th edition). Histological or cytological confirmation as pancreatic adenocarcinoma is required. No contraindication for gemcitabine‐based chemoradiation therapy.
A Phase 1/2 Trial of Gemcitabine Plus Nab-paclitaxel With or Without FG-3019 as Neoadjuvant Chemotherapy in Locally Advanced, Unresectable Pancreatic Cancer; This is a Phase 1/2 trial to evaluate the safety, tolerability and efficacy of FG‐3019 administered with gemcitabine and Nab‐paclitaxel in the treatment of locally advanced, unresectable pancreatic cancer.
Trial in progress: a randomized phase II study of pembrolizumab with or without defactinib, a focal adhesion kinase inhibitor, following chemotherapy as a neoadjuvant and adjuvant treatment for resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC); Background: PDAC is an aggressive cancer. It remains refractory to checkpoint inhibition because of its significant desmoplastic and immunosuppressive tumor microenvironment (TME). Focal adhesion kinase (FAK), a non‐receptor tyrosine kinase, is involved in tumor progression in many cancers and appears to be a targetable master regulator of the TME in PDAC. FAK inhibition combined with anti‐PD1 antibody has been shown to modulate pancreatic stellate cells and decrease immunosuppressive myeloid and T‐reg cells, leading to increased CD8 infiltration and improved survival in PDAC mouse models. A recent single arm phase I study of defactinib, a FAK inhibitor, combined with pembrolizumab, an anti‐PD1 antibody, and chemotherapy was shown to be safe, and two confirmed partial responses were observed in patients with microsatellite‐stable disease. Furthermore, increased CD8 T cell infiltration was observed in metastatic biopsies. Given the promising preclinical data and efficacy signals, as well as safety of the phase I clinical trial, our current study aims to assess the translational and clinical effects of sequentially combined defactinib and pembrolizumab following neoadjuvant and adjuvant chemotherapy in patients with high‐risk resectable PDAC. Methods: This study is a multi‐center, two‐arm, randomized, open label, phase II clinical trial of neoadjuvant and adjuvant immunotherapy with defactinib and pembrolizumab, following neoadjuvant standard of care (SOC) gemcitabine and nab‐paclitaxel in subjects with high‐risk resectable PDAC. The primary objectives aim to assess changes in CD8 T cell intratumoral infiltration utilizing multiplex IHC and the pathologic complete response rate with defactinib and pembrolizumab or pembrolizumab alone, following neoadjuvant chemotherapy. Secondary objectives include assessment of disease‐free survival, overall survival, and safety. Translational exploratory objectives include evaluating stromal and immune signatures among treatment groups via multiplex IHC and RNA/DNA sequencing. 36 subjects will be randomly assigned to receive 400 mg defactinib PO BID and 200 mg pembrolizumab IV every 3 weeks (Arm A) or 200 mg pembrolizumab IV alone every 3 weeks (Arm B). After enrollment, subjects will undergo 2 cycles (∼2 months) of standard neoadjuvant therapy of gemcitabine and nab‐paclitaxel, followed by 2 cycles (6 weeks) of investigational treatment (Arm A or B) before surgical resection. Following surgery, subjects will receive SOC adjuvant chemotherapy followed by investigational treatment (Arm A or B) for 8 cycles (∼24 weeks). Key inclusion criteria include: resectable PDAC, CA 19‐9>200, no prior systemic treatment for PDAC, and ECOG PS ≤1. As of February 2022, 14 patients have been enrolled.
Effect of intraoperative Ethanol injection to nerve ganglions on pain intensity after surgical resection of gastric and pancreatic masses; INTERVENTION: Injection of 20cc of prepared ethanol solution to each of celiac ganglions at both sides of supra‐pancreatic portion of aorta. Intervention 1: no injection into control group during operation. Intervention 2: Injection of 20cc of prepared ethanol solution to each of celiac ganglions at both sides of supra‐pancreatic portion of aorta. no injection into control group during operation Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Condition 1: Pain intensity after gastric or pancreatic neoplasm resection. Condition 2: Resectable malignant neoplasm of head of pancreas. Condition 3: Resectable malignant neoplasm of stomach. ; Pain localized to upper abdomen ; Malignant neoplasm of head of pancreas ; Malignant neoplasm of stomach Malignant neoplasm of head of pancreas Malignant neoplasm of stomach Pain localized to upper abdomen PRIMARY OUTCOME: Severity of abdominal pain. Timepoint: Before surgery, one, two and four days after surgery, discharge time, one, two and four months after surgery. Method of measurement: Visual Analogue Scale (VAS) questionnaire. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Arrhythmia or bradycardia. Timepoint: Along 72 hours after surgery. Method of measurement: Electrocardiography and cardiac monitoring. Blood pressure. Timepoint: Every 30 minutes along 72 hours after operation. Method of measurement: Systolic and diastolic blood pressure will be measured by stethoscope and aneroid sphygmomanometer. Gastroparesia. Timepoint: Along first 72 hours after surgery. Method of measurement: Nausea, vomiting and volume of nasogastric tube secretions. Hospitalization time. Timepoint: Discharge time. Method of measurement: Number of days that patient stays at hospital after surgery. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Resectable pancreatic cancer or gastric cancer; Obtaining informed consent for probable alcohol injection during surgery. Exclusion criteria: Unresectable pancreatic cancer; Unresectable gastric cancer; Patients those who underwent neo‐adjuvant chemotherapy; Patients who dissatisfaction with the procedures; Patients who expires before 4 month after operation; Prolonged post‐operation hospitalization (more than 15 days) due to surgical complications; Age less than 15 or more than 80 year; History of prolonged consumption of opioids, NSAIDS, analgesic and anti‐depressant drugs; Cardiac or pulmonary diseases; Sensitivity to opioid drugs; Psychological disorders; Abnormal arterial blood gas analysis; Happening of surgical complications or any other signs that results in disability to complete pain scale questionnaire (such as loss of consciousness).
Randomized phase II/III study of gemcitabine and nab-paclitaxel therapy versus S-1 and concurrent radiotherapy as neoadjuvant treatment for Borderline resectable pancreatic cancer; INTERVENTION: gemcitabine and nab‐paclitaxel therapy as neoadjuvant therapy S‐1 and concurrent radiotherapy as neoadjuvant therapy CONDITION: Borderline Resectable Pancreatic Cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: PhaseII part: R0 resection rate; PhaseIII part: Overall survival SECONDARY OUTCOME: PhaseII part: Incidence of adverse events; PhaseIII part: Progression free survival, R0 resection rate, 2 year survival rate, Radiological response rate, Histological response rate, Incidence of adverse events, Protocol compliance (completion rate of neoadjuvant therapy and overall therapy) INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Borderline resectable pancreatic cancer 2. Adenocarcinoma or adenosquamous carcinoma 3. No distant metastasis 4. Age 20‐79 5. ECOG PS 0‐1 6. No prior abdominal radiation therapy 7. No history of chemotherapy within last 3 years 8. No prior therapy for pancreatic cancer 9. Included in the irradiation field of 10cm x10cm 10. Able to eat orally 11. No sensory or motor neuropathy 12. Appropriate biliary drainage if bile duct obstructed 13. No radiological evidence of apparent intestinal cancer invasion and history of gastrointestinal bleeding 14. Meet all the criteria of laboratory examination 15. Informed consent by patient
The phase 2 study of neoadjuvant chemotherapy of gemcitabine+nab-paclitaxel+S-1 for patients with biological borderline resectable pancreatic cancer; INTERVENTION: Patients were assigned to the following levels of GAS regimens. Nab‐paclitaxel was administered intravenously at 125 mg/m2, followed by intravenous gemcitabine at 1000 mg/m2. A daily dose of S1 was defined based on the patient&#39;s body surface area as follows:<1.25m2,60mg;1.25‐1.5m2,80mg;>1.5m2,100mg. S1 administered orally twice a day on days 1‐7. The treatment cycle was repeated every 2 weeks. After 6 cycles of the GAS chemotherapy regimen, patients were reevaluated to assess resectability and response to the treatment. CONDITION: Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma PRIMARY OUTCOME: Over all survival after initiation of protocol therapy and median survival time SECONDARY OUTCOME: ‐Disease free survival after initiation of protocol therapy; ‐Adverse events; ‐postoperative complication with more than grade 3; ‐Response rate and normalization rate of tumormarkers after neoadjuvant chemotherapy; ‐Histological responce (Evans grade); ‐Curative resection rate; ‐Short time outcomes after surgical resection; ‐Reoperation rate, readmission rate and mortality; ‐Initiation and completion rate of adjuvant chemotherapy; ‐Dose intensity INCLUSION CRITERIA: (1) a histologically or cytologically proven diagnosis of adenocarcinoma or adenosquamous carcinoma (2) no distant metastasis (3) tumor with no contact with the major arteries including the superior mesenteric artery, celiac artery, or common hepatic artery on pretreatment computed tomography (CT) (4)tumor with no contact or less than 180 dgree contact with portal vein (5)More than 500 U/ml of pretreatment serum CA19‐9 level (6)Initial treatment (7)0 or 1 of Performance status(ECOG) (8)Age between 20 and 79 (9)dequate hematological, hepatic, and renal functions by hemoglobin >8.0 g/dL, leucocytes >3,000 /mm3 and <12,000 /mm3, neutrophils >1,500 /mm3, platelets >100,000 /mm3, total bilirubin <2.0mg/dL, aspartate aminotransferase and alanine aminotransferase<Normal upper limit x2.5, serum creatinine <1.5mg/dL,
Stage IV Gastric Cancer: role of Conversion Surgery in Indian Scenario; Background: Approximately 15 ‐ 20% of gastric cancer patients present with unresectable (stage IVA) or metastatic (stage IVB) disease. They are associated with poor prognosis and are often treated with a non‐operative approach. There are few published literature on these patients being treated with a curative intent surgery after neoadjuvant treatment, which is being called as conversion therapy. However, there are conflicting results in other studies. Materials and Methods: We performed an analysis of data from our prospectively maintained surgical oncology database from May 2016 to May 2020. Histologically proven, stage IV, adenocarcinoma of the stomach, clinically unresectable (T4b) or with solitary metastasis (M1), who received neoadjuvant chemotherapy and underwent surgery with a pre‐operative curative intent, were considered as conversion surgery (CS) population. Stage IV patients who had not undergone curative resection were termed as non‐curative surgery/ population (NCS). The overall survival of the CS population was compared with Stage III curative resection patients in the database and the NCS population at the same center in the same period. Results: Of the 177 patients undergone surgical exploration for gastric cancer with the intent of curative surgery, 28 patients (15.8%) (M:F=2.5:1) were considered eligible as the CS population. The median age was 54 years (range: 23 to 70 years). Twenty‐three patients had T4b disease (14 patients infiltrating pancreas, 6 infiltrating both pancreas and liver, and 5 infiltrating diaphragm), and 5 patients had M1 disease (3 had localized peritoneal/omental deposits and 2 with hepatic metastasis). The most common neoadjuvant chemotherapy regimen used was EOX (32.1%), followed by DOX (28.5%) and FLOT (25%). Seventeen patients underwent an R0 resection with D2 lymphadenectomy (R0 resection rate: 60.7%). The median overall survival (OS) of the CS population undergoing R0 resection was 23.3 months, which was similar to the median OS of 24.7 months in stage III patients (n=40) undergoing R0 resection (p=0.59; HR:1.26 with 95% CI: 0.53 to 2.95). The median OS of the NCS population was 15.1 months. There was a trend towards lower survival in the NCS population compared to the CS population (p=0.05; HR:2.51 with 95% CI: 0.98 to 6.41). Conclusions: A subset of stage IV gastric cancer patients with solitary metastasis, or limited surrounding organ invasion, may have improved survival if surgical resection with R0 resection is achieved after neoadjuvant chemotherapy. The survival of this population may achieve outcomes similar to stage III gastric cancer. However, further randomized controlled trials are required to substantiate the results.
Neutrophil-mediated fibroblast-tumor cell il-6/stat-3 signaling underlies the association between neutrophil-to-lymphocyte ratio dynamics and chemotherapy response in localized pancreatic cancer: a hybrid clinical-preclinical study; Background: Partial/complete pathologic response following neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NAC) in pancreatic cancer (PDAC) patients undergoing pancreatectomy is associated with improved survival. We sought to determine whether neutrophil‐to‐lymphocyte ratio (NLR) dynamics predict pathologic response following chemotherapy in PDAC, and if manipulating NLR impacts chemosensitivity in preclinical models and uncovers potential mechanistic underpinnings underlying these effects. Methods: Pathologic response in PDAC patients (n=94) undergoing NAC and pancreatectomy (7/2015‐12/2019) was dichotomized as partial/complete or poor/absent. Bootstrap‐validated multivariable models assessed associations between pre‐chemotherapy NLR (%neutrophils÷%lymphocytes) or NLR dynamics during chemotherapy (ΔNLR = pre‐surgery‐pre‐chemotherapy NLR) and pathologic response, disease‐free survival (DFS), and overall survival (OS). To preclinically model effects of NLR attenuation on chemosensitivity, Ptf1aCre/+; KrasLSL‐G12D/+;Tgfbr2flox/flox (PKT) mice and C57BL/6 mice orthotopically injected with KrasLSL‐G12D/+;Trp53LSL‐R172H/+;Pdx1Cre(KPC) cells were randomized to vehicle, gemcitabine/paclitaxel alone, and NLR‐attenuating anti‐Ly6G with/without gemcitabine/paclitaxel treatment. Results: In 94 PDAC patients undergoing NAC (median:4 months), pre‐chemotherapy NLR (p<0.001) and ΔNLR attenuation during NAC (p=0.002) were independently associated with partial/complete pathologic response. An NLR score = pre‐chemotherapy NLR+ΔNLR correlated with DFS (p=0.006) and OS (p=0.002). Upon preclinical modeling, combining NLR‐attenuating anti‐Ly6G treatment with gemcitabine/paclitaxel‐compared with gemcitabine/paclitaxel or anti‐Ly6G alone‐not only significantly reduced tumor burden and metastatic outgrowth, but also augmented tumor‐infiltrating CD107a+‐degranulating CD8+ T‐cells (p<0.01) while dampening inflammatory cancer‐associated fibroblast (CAF) polarization (p=0.006) and chemoresistant IL‐6/STAT‐3 signaling in vivo. Neutrophil‐derived IL‐1β emerged as a novel mediator of stromal inflammation, inducing inflammatory CAF polarization and CAF‐tumor cell IL‐6/STAT‐3 signaling in ex vivo co‐cultures. Conclusions: Therapeutic strategies to mitigate neutrophil‐CAF‐tumor cell IL‐1β/IL‐6/STAT‐3 signaling during NAC may improve pathologic responses and/or survival in PDAC. Funding: Supported by KL2 career development grant by Miami CTSI under NIH Award UL1TR002736, Stanley Glaser Foundation, American College of Surgeons Franklin Martin Career Development Award, and Association for Academic Surgery Joel J. Roslyn Faculty Award (to J. Datta); NIH R01 CA161976 (to N.B. Merchant); and NCI/NIH Award P30CA240139 (to J. Datta and N.B. Merchant).
Preliminary translational immune and stromal correlates in a randomized phase II trial of pembrolizumab with or without defactinib for resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC); Background: PDAC is an aggressive cancer and refractory to immunotherapy due to its immunosuppressive tumor microenvironment (TME). Focal adhesion kinase (FAK) is a master regulator of the TME and associated with TME immune suppression. Our current randomized phase II trial evaluates the use of pembrolizumab, a programmed cell death 1 (PD‐1) immune checkpoint inhibitor, with or without defactinib, a FAK inhibitor (FAKi), as sequential neoadjuvant and adjuvant therapy in patients with high risk resectable PDAC. We hypothesize that the patients receiving pembrolizumab and defactinib treatment will exhibit a decrease in immunosuppressive fibroblasts and myeloid subtype populations, leading to increased CD8+ T‐cell infiltration into the TME compared to patients receiving pembrolizumab alone. Methods: We performed quantitative analysis of multiplex immunohistochemistry (mIHC) using 40 biomarkers, evaluating immune and stromal cell types on 14 pre‐treatment biopsies and post‐treatment resections of PDAC patients enrolled in our platform neoadjuvant clinical trial (NCT03727880). All patients received 2 cycles of gemcitabine+nab‐paclitaxel neoadjuvant chemotherapy and underwent a biopsy after completion of chemotherapy. Patients randomized to Arm A received 2 cycles of pembrolizumab 200 mg IV every 3 weeks and defactinib 400 mg PO BID, and those randomized to Arm B received pembrolizumab alone, followed by surgical resection. Image cytometry was used to quantify immune cell populations and colocalize biomarker expression in distinct cell types. Cell populations were compared using unpaired T‐tests. Results: Lower FAP+ fibroblast density was significantly associated with higher CD8+ T‐Cell infiltration in Arm A (p=0.002), but not in Arm B. Patients in Arm A demonstrated a 5.44‐fold average increase in CD8+ T‐cell percentage between preimmunotherapy treatment and post‐immunotherapy treatment specimens compared to a 2.01‐fold increase in patients in Arm B (p=0.02, p=0.09, respectively). Only patients in Arm A showed a significant increase in M1 macrophage cell density (p=0.02) after treatment. Both arms increased in CXCR4+ cell percentage (p=0.011, p=0.06) following neoadjuvant immunotherapy; however, the increase in Arm A was less than in Arm B (0.72 and 0.84‐fold, respectively). Conclusions: In this analysis, pembrolizumab combined with defactinib was associated with lower fibroblast infiltration, higher anti‐tumor M1 macrophage expression and increased CD8+ T‐cell infiltration into the TME, versus pembrolizumab alone. The increased expression of CXCR4 across both treatment arms may represent a resistance mechanism and supports CXCR4 as an additional TME target. These preliminary findings warrant continued research into FAK inhibition and immune checkpoint combinatorial strategies.
A Randomized, Double-Blind, Phase 3 Study of Ruxolitinib or Placebo in Combination With Capecitabine in Subjects With Advanced Pancreatic Cancer; INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Jakafi Product Name: ruxolitinib Product Code: INCB018424 Pharmaceutical Form: Tablet INN or Proposed INN: ruxolitinib Current Sponsor code: INCB018424 Other descriptive name: (3R)‐3‐cyclopentyl‐3‐[4‐(7H‐pyrrolo[2,3‐d]pyrimidin‐4‐yl)pyrazol‐1‐yl]propanenitrile Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 5‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Tablet Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use Trade Name: Capecitabine Actavis Product Name: Capecitabine Pharmaceutical Form: Film‐coated tablet INN or Proposed INN: Capecitabine Other descriptive name: CAPECITABINE Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: range Concentration number: 150‐500 Trade Name: Capecitabine Accord Product Name: Capecitabine Accord Pharmaceutical Form: Film‐coated tablet INN or Proposed INN: Capecitabine Other descriptive name: CAPECITABINE Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: range Concentration number: 150‐500 CONDITION: Advanced or metastatic adenocarcinoma of the pancreas in patients that have failed or are intolerant to first‐line chemotherapy ; MedDRA version: 17.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10033607 Term: Pancreatic cancer recurrent System Organ Class: 100000004864 ; MedDRA version: 17.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10033606 Term: Pancreatic cancer non‐resectable System Organ Class: 100000004864 ; MedDRA version: 17.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10033605 Term: Pancreatic cancer metastatic System Organ Class: 100000004864 ; MedDRA version: 17.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10033604 Term: Pancreatic cancer System Organ Class: 100000004864 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Cancer [C04] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: •To evaluate and compare the OS of subjects with advanced or metastatic adenocarcinoma of the pancreas when treated with ruxolitinib in combination with capecitabine versus capecitabine alone. Primary end point(s): •Overall survival as determined from the date of randomization until death due to any cause. Secondary Objective: •To evaluate and compare the efficacy of the 2 treatment groups with respect to PFS.; •To evaluate and compare the efficacy of the 2 treatment groups with respect to overall tumor response and duration of response.; •To evaluate and compare the safety and tolerability of ruxolitinib in combination with capecitabine versus capecitabine alone.; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: The primary variable is OS, defined as number of days from randomization to death. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): •Progression‐free survival defined as the time from randomization until the earliest date of disease progression determined by investigator assessment of objective radiographic disease assessments per RECIST (v1.1), or death due to any cause, if sooner.; •Restricted mean survival time (RMST) estimated over the interval between the date of randomization and 12 months (365 days); if the last death in either treatment group is prior to study Day 365, then the earlier of the death in the placebo or the death in the ruxolitinib treatment group, truncated to the last full 30‐day incremented prior the earlier death, will be used as the end of the RMST estimation interval in both groups.; •Objective response rate and duration of response determined by radiographic disease assessments per RECIST (v1.1), by investigator assessment.; •Safety and tolerability of the treatment regimens through assessment of AEs and changes in safety assessments including laboratory parameters.; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Progression‐free survival, defined as the number of days from randomization to the earlier of death or disease progression by RECIST v1.1 criteria as assessed by the investigator. INCLUSION CRITERIA: •Male or female, 18 years or older. •Histologically or cytologically confirmed adenocarcinoma of the pancreas. •Advanced adenocarcinoma of the pancreas that is inoperable or metastatic. •mGPS of 1 or 2 as defined below: ‐ mGPS of 1: C‐reactive protein (CRP) > 10 mg/L and albumin = 35 g/L ‐ mGPS of 2: CRP > 10 mg/L and albumin < 35 g/L •Received 1 prior chemotherapy regimen for advanced or metastatic disease (not including neoadjuvant and/or adjuvant therapy). ‐ Use of a fluoropyrimidine‐containing regimen (eg, FOLFIRNOX, FOLFOX, CapeOx, chemoradiation, etc) in the first‐line setting is permitted provided the subject discontinued treatment for reasons other than disease progression and the subject received = 8 weeks of therapy. Subjects who received single‐agent capecitabine as first‐line therapy are not eligible. ‐ Neoadjuvant regimens will be considered first‐line therapy if the subject has disease progression during treatment. Adju
Outcomes of arterial resection during pancreatectomy for tumor; Objective Arterial resection (AR) during pancreatic tumor resection is controversial. We examined the safety and efficacy of AR during pancreatectomy. Methods We used a prospective institutional database that includes 6522 patients who underwent pancreatectomy from 1970 to 2014; 35 had AR. We performed a 2:1 propensity match for patients without and with AR on the basis of preoperative patient and tumor variables. We then compared operative and postoperative outcomes between matched groups. Results AR included 18 hepatic, 8 celiac, 3 splenic, 3 middle colic, 2 superior mesenteric, and 1 left renal artery. There were 20 primary, 4 vein, and 2 graft reconstructions; 11 were emergent and 24 elective. Before matching, patients with AR were younger (58 ± 2 vs 63 ± 0.2 years old; P =.05), more likely to be of black race (26% vs 9%; P =.003), to have received preoperative chemotherapy (17% vs 2%; P <.001), have a later stage and larger tumor (4 ± 0.8 vs 3 ± 0.04 cm; P =.05), more resections that included removal of all macroscopic disease, but microscopic residual tumor remained (31% vs 14%; P =.02), greater blood loss (1285 ± 276 vs 822 ± 16 mL; P =.02), and more frequent cardiac complications (11% vs 4%; P =.03) compared with patients without AR. After propensity matching, baseline patient characteristics were similar between groups. For perioperative outcomes, the groups did not differ in surgical time, blood loss, length of stay, or complications including anastomotic leaks, bleeding, cardiac, infectious complications, or liver infarct or failure (all; P = not significant). Patency was 97% at a mean follow‐up of 510 ± 184 days with 1 hepatic artery AR thrombosis. Long‐term outcomes were significantly different: patients with AR had a lower rate of local tumor recurrence (20% vs 47%; P =.007) but also lower 1‐year (50% vs 87%; P =.002) and median survival (22 ± 18 vs 49 ± 7 months; P =.002). Conclusions AR during pancreatectomy is safe and not associated with increased complications. Although it significantly reduces the risk of local tumor recurrence, AR is associated with worse survival compared with patients who do not undergo AR.
Recurrent Disease Detection After Resection of Pancreatic Adenocarcinoma Using a Standardized Surveillance Strategy; Rationale: Radical resection combined with (neo)adjuvant chemotherapy offers the bestchances for long‐term survival for patients with resectable localized pancreatic ductaladenocarcinoma (PDAC). However, even after radical resection, almost all patients willexperience local and/or distant disease recurrence after sufficient follow‐up, mostlywithin 2 years. There is a lack of evidence based effective therapeutic options for thesignificant group of patients with local recurrence only, in terms of improved survivaland/or quality of life. In the case of metastatic disease effective chemotherapy hasshown to improve survival, but with a median gain survival of 3‐4 months. Taken together,this had led to a hesitant attitude towards postoperative recurrence‐focused follow‐up.Therefore, in most European countries, including the Netherlands, a standardized approachto follow‐up after surgery for PDAC is lacking. Furthermore, current PDAC guidelinesregarding follow‐up are based on expert opinion and other low‐level evidence. However,the emergence of more potent local and more effective systemic treatments for PDAC hasled to a rising interest in early diagnosis of PDAC recurrence. To detect PDAC recurrenceat an early stage and identify patients with good performance status who are most likelyto benefit from additional (experimental) treatment, a standardized approach to follow‐upwith routine imaging and serial serum tumor marker testing is needed. To determinewhether early detection of recurrence can lead to improved survival and quality of life,further studies are warranted.Objective: The main objective is to evaluate the impact of a standardized surveillance,with serial tumor marker testing and routine imaging, on overall survival and quality oflife in patients with primary resected PDAC, compared to current non‐standardizedpractice.Study design: A randomized controlled trial, nested within an existing prospective cohort(Dutch Pancreatic Cancer Project; PACAP) and the United Kingdom (UK) Pancreas Cancer:Observations of Practice and survival; PACOPS) according to the 'trials within cohorts'(TwiCs) design.Study population: PACAP or PACOPS‐participants with histologically confirmed radicalresection (R0‐R1) of PDAC, who provided informed consent for being randomized in futurestudies.Interventions: Standardized surveillance, existing of clinical evaluation, serum cancerantigen (CA) 19‐9 testing, and contrast‐enhanced computed tomography (CT‐) imaging ofchest and abdomen every 3 months during the first 2 years after surgery.Comparison: Non‐standardized clinical follow‐up.Endpoints: The main study endpoint is overall survival. The most important secondaryendpoint is quality of life. Other secondary endpoints are clinical and radiologicalpatterns of PDAC recurrence, the compliance of patients to our standardized follow‐upstrategy, the impact of a standardized surveillance on (eligibility for) additionaltreatment, and the tolerance of additional treatment.
Incidental gallbladder cancer - Neoadjuvant randomized multicenter Phase III - GAINTrial of the AIO/CALGP/ACO in Germany and 1st. Line trial in trial concept - Based on the "The German-Registry" network; Background: In most cases an immediate radical re‐resection (IRR) after simple cholecystectomy in incidental gallbladder carcinoma (IGBC) is needed. The biggest biliary platform in Europe‐the German‐Registry (GR), shows positive results for T1b with IRR since 2007. Results for T2‐3 are disappointing even after IRR. Questions? Is there a potential benefit due to a multimodal platform for these kind of rare cancers. Materials and Methods: For data analysis we used the GR. First author is the PI of the GR. The GR includes more than 1100 cases of IGBC. Secondly the talk will present new multicenter trial in trial concept, including the phase III GAIN‐trial currently starting in Germany in 50 centers with a DFG grant. GAIN is a randomized multicenter phase III study for T2‐3 IGBC's an resectable and borderline resectable biliary tract cancers (BTC), evaluating the role of systemic therapy in a multimodal setting before and after IRR in IGBC or liver and bile duct resection in BTC. After cholecystectomy and diagnosis of IGBC patients will be randomized into arm A: 3 cycles gemcitabine/cisplatin chemotherapy followed by radical liver resection + lymphnode dissection (IGBC) or radical lver and bile duct resection in BTC followed by 3 cycles gem/cis. If patients are randomized in arm B they will receive the standard of care, radical re‐resection without systemic therapy. If pts are oncologically to advanced and candidates for 1st line the will be directly randomized in another 1st line trila (trial‐in‐trial concept). All IGBC's in addition will be directly registered in the GR. Results: In the GR (n > 1100 pts) in T1b‐T3 cases there was a significant survival benefit for patients with IRR. Liver Wedge resection (WRT) showed good data in T1b and T2. For T3 more radical techniques showed better results. Less than 50% of T2‐3 tumors in the registry have been re‐resected. LR was performed significantly more often in High‐volume (HV) clinics. Conclusion: There is a significant benefit after radical re‐resection in T1b‐T3 IGBC's but the results in T2‐3 cancers are still disappointing like in the whole entity of BTC's. So a more radical approach is needed. Therefore the multimodal multicenter phase 3 trial GAIN currently starts in 30 centers in Germany. Another 20 centers of the GR network will start in the near future. The trial is supported by the Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft‐DFG (German Research Foundation) and is also supported by the German association of medical oncologists (AIO) and the German association of liver biliary and pancreatic surgeons‐CALGP. Due to the trial in trial concepts patients screened for GAIN but are candidates for 1st line will be directly included in another 1st line trial.
Randomized phase II study of neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy (S-1+radiation) for resectable pancreatic cancer with less than 180 degree portal vein abutment; INTERVENTION: ArmA; Neoadjuvant chemotherapy group S‐1: 80mg/m2/day, 2 weeks administration followed by 1 week withdrawl and 2 weeks administration, for a total of 5 weeks. Radiotherapy: 1.8 Gy/day, 28days, a total of 50.4Gy Arm B: Surgery group without neoadjuvant therapy CONDITION: resectable pancreatic cancer with less than 180 degree portal vein abutment PRIMARY OUTCOME: Local recurrence rate within 2 years after surgery INCLUSION CRITERIA: (1) Patients diagnosed with pancreatic cancer (2) Patients without distant metastasis, M0 (UICC8th TNM) (3) Resectable pancreatic cancer by NCCN guideline (Version 2. 2016) with less than180 degree portal vein abutment and without encasement (4) ECOG PS 0‐1 (5) No prior therapy for pancreatic cancer (6) Patients without active cancer of other organs (7) Patients who can intake orally (8) Main organs function test almost within normal range (9) Patients who fully understand the study procedures and consent the document voluntary after an adequate explanation
1397P Prognostic impact of infectious complications: exploratory analysis of JCOG0501 phase III trial; Background: Postoperative infectious complications have been identified as negative prognosticator in primary surgery for gastric cancer. This study investigated the prognostic impact of infectious complications in patients who received neoadjuvant chemotherapy by analyzing the data of JCOG0501 phase III trial which compared primary surgery followed by adjuvant S‐1 (arm A) with neoadjuvant chemotherapy with S‐1/CDDP followed by surgery and adjuvant S‐1 (arm B) but could not show survival superiority of arm B to arm A. Methods: Among 316 patients who were enrolled in the JCOG0501, this study examined the patients who received macroscopically curative gastrectomy with nodal dissection. Grade 2 or more anastomotic leakage, pancreatic fistula, abdominal abscess, intrathoracic abscess, surgical site infection, and pneumonia were evaluated by CTCAE v3.0 and were defined as infectious complications. Overall survival (OS) from surgery was compared between the patients who developed infectious complications (IC group) and did not (Non‐IC group). Results: 142 of 158 in arm A and 132 of 158 in arm B had received R0/R1 resection. Infectious complications were observed in 28 (19.7%) in arm A and 15 (11.4%) in arm B. The OS of all 274 patients was 68.8% in Non‐IC group and 62.8% in IC group at 3‐years and was 53.8% in Non‐IC group and 53.1% in IC group at 5‐years (HR 0.979, 95% CI [0.622‐1.540], p=0.9257). The OS of arm A was 69.3% in Non‐IC group and 53.6% in IC group at 3‐years and was 51.6% in Non‐IC group and 42.9% in IC group at 5‐years (HR 1.220, 95% CI [0.714‐2.084], p=0.4671) but that of arm B was 68.4% in Non‐IC group and 80.0% in IC group at 3‐years and was 55.9% in Non‐IC group and 73.3% in IC group at 5‐years (HR 0.567, 95% CI [0.228‐1.412], p=0.2229). In the subset analyses, this upsetting by infectious complications was evident in type 4 (HR 1.043 in arm A and HR 0.386 in arm B). Conclusions: Infectious complications did not worsen the OS in JCOG0501, especially in patients who had type 4 and received NAC before surgery. Prognostic impact of infectious complications may be different depending on macroscopic type or chemotherapy before surgery. Legal entity responsible for the study: The authors. Funding: Has not received any funding. Disclosure: All authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
Phase III randomised clinical trial comparing primary surgery versus neoadjuvant chemotherapy in advanced epithelial ovarian cancer with high tumour load (SCORPION trial): final analysis of peri-operative outcome; Objective To establishing whether neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NACT) followed by interval debulking surgery (IDS) is superior primary debulking surgery (PDS) in terms of clinical outcome as well as peri‐operative morbidity in advanced epithelial ovarian cancer (AEOC) endowed with high tumour load (HTL). Material and methods This is a single‐Institution, superiority, randomised phase III trial enrolling supposed AEOC women. Patients considered pre‐operatively eligible were triaged to staging laparoscopy to assess the predictive index (PI) of tumour load. All AEOC women with PI > 8 or < 12 (considered as HTL) were included. They were randomly assigned (1:1 ratio) to undergo either PDS followed by systemic adjuvant chemotherapy (arm A, standard), or NACT followed by IDS (NACT/IDS) (arm B, experimental). Co‐primary outcome measures were postoperative complications (graded according to the Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center surgical secondary events grading system) and progression free survival (PFS); secondary outcomes were overall survival, and quality of life (QoL). QoL was assessed using the EORTC QoL questionnaires. A sample size of 110 patients was required for the analysis of the first co‐primary end‐point (major peri‐operative morbidity) whereas recruitment is still on‐going to achieve the statistical power on PFS. Results Between October 2011 and November 2014, we registered 280 AEOC. Of the 110 eligible women, 55 were assigned to arm A and 55 to arm B. Despite different extension of surgery, rates of complete residual disease (residual tumour = 0 cm) were superimposable between the groups (45.5% versus 57.7%; p = 0.206). Twenty‐nine patients (52.7%) in arm A experienced early grade III‐IV complications versus three patients (5.7%) in IDS (p = 0.0001). The most common complication was grade III and consisted of symptomatic pleural effusion requiring thoracic drainage (17/55 women (30.9%) in arm A versus 1/52 (1.9%) in arm B, p = 0.0001). Three grade IV (5.4%) (i.e.; two re‐operations for postoperative haemorrhage and one septic multi‐organ failure), and two grade V (3.6%) (two deaths for acute cardiopulmonary failure) early complications were observed in arm A only. Mean QoL scores of several scales/items were shown to ameliorate over time in both arms. Emotional functioning, cognitive functioning, nausea/vomiting, dyspnoea, insomnia and hair loss were statistically and clinically better in NACT/IDS compared to PDS arm. Conclusions Perioperative moderate/severe morbidity as well as QoL scores were shown to be more favourable in NACT/IDS arm than PDS in AEOC patients with very HTL. Completion of patient enrolment and analysis of survival data will clarify whether PDS with such a high rate of severe complications is an acceptable treatment in AEOC women with HTL.
NCI–clinical trial accrual in a community network affiliated with a designated cancer center; Most cancer care is delivered in the community, while most clinical trials exist in academic centers. We analyzed clinical trial accrual of a tertiary care cancer center and its affiliated community sites to better understand what types of trials accrued at the community sites and whether community accrual increased ethnic diversity. The institutional clinical trial database was searched for solid tumor accruals during 2018–2019. Patient’s race was abstracted, and trial’s funding source, phase, and disease type/stage were tabulated. Of 3689 accruals, 133 were at community sites, representing 26 unique trials while the main campus accrued to 93 unique trials. Community site accruals were highest for breast and colorectal cancer, but patients with less common cancers such as renal, nasopharyngeal, and gastric cancer were also accrued at community sites. Accruals occurred to randomized trials, as well as phase Ib and translational biomarker studies. Minority patients constituted 20.0% and 32.5% of community site accruals for therapeutic and non‐therapeutic trials respectively, compared to 20.6% and 29.8% of main campus accruals for therapeutic and non‐therapeutic trials, respectively. We conclude that community sites affiliated with an academic cancer center can accrue to a broad spectrum of clinical trials while enhancing racial diversity in participation of clinical trials. Further expansion of access to clinical trials in community sites is necessary to broaden patient access to state‐of‐the‐art and next‐generation treatment options.
Phase II study of neoadjuvant FOLFIRINOX or nab-paclitaxel with gemcitabine for borderline resectable pancreatic cancer; INTERVENTION: neoadjuvant chemotherapy (FOLFIRINOX) neoadjuvant chemotherapy (Nab‐paclitaxel + gemcitabine) CONDITION: Pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: R0 resection rate SECONDARY OUTCOME: Completion rate of chemotherapy, Relative Dose Intensity (DOI), Frequency and severity of adverse event, efficacy of chemotherapy, disease free survival, overall survival and complication of surgery INCLUSION CRITERIA: Borderline resectable pancreatic cancer (based on NCCN guideline version 2.2015), first treatment for pancreatic cancer, performance status 0 or 1, adequate one marrow function, adequate renal function, obtained informed consent
De (kosten)effectiviteit van neoadjuvante FOLFIRINOX versus neoadjuvante chemoradiotherapie met gemcitabine en adjuvante gemcitabine voor patiënten met (borderline) resectabel pancreaskanker - PREOPANC-2 studie; INTERVENTION: Two arm, randomized trial for patients with resectable or borderline resectable pancreatic cancer. ‐ Standard arm: Neoadjuvant Gemcitabine based chemoradiotherapy followed by an evaluation with a CT‐scan and tumor markers. If the tumor remains (borderline) resectable, patients will undergo explorative surgery, if possible resulting in pylorus preserving or classical pancreaticoduodenectomy. If patient is recovered within 12 weeks after surgery, this is followed by the remainder of adjuvant Gemcitabine chemotherapy. Preoperative treatment (experimental arm) is Gemcitabine 1000 mg/m2 day 1,8, one week rest. Then Gemcitabine 1000 mg/m2 day 1,8,15, concomitant with radiotherapy: 36 Gy, 15 fractions of 2.4 Gy. Then Gemcitabine 1000 mg/m2 day 1,8 one week rest. After surgery (standard arm) four (remaining) courses of Gemcitabine 1000 mg/m2 day 1,8,15, one week rest. ‐ Experimental arm: 4 cycles of chemotherapy with FOLFIRINOX, followed by an evaluation CT scan. In case of no disease progression after 4 cycles, the patient will receive an additional 4 cycles of FOLFIRINOX. After completion of all neoadjuvant treatment evaluation with a CT‐scan and tumor markers will be performed. If the tumor remains (borderline) resectable, patients will undergo explorative surgery, if possible resulting in pylorus preserving or classical pancreaticoduodenectomy. No adjuvant treatment will be given. CONDITION: Pancreas, Resectable pancreatic carcinoma, Borderline resectable pancreatic carcinoma, Borderline resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma ; ; PRIMARY OUTCOME: Overall survival SECONDARY OUTCOME: To compare between the study arms: ; ; • Chemotherapy rate ; ; • Chemotherapy completion rate ; ; • Staging laparoscopy rate ; ; • Laparoscopy yield ; ; • Exploratory laparotomy rate ; ; • Resection rate ; ; • R0 resection rate ; ; • Progression free survival (PFS) ; ; • Locoregional failure free interval (LFFI) ; ; • Distant metastases free interval (DMFI) ; ; • Disease free survival (DFS) ; ; • Locoregional recurrence free interval (LRFI) ; ; • Postoperative complications ; ; • Toxicity ; ; • Quality of life years (QALYs) ; ; • Indirect and direct medical and nonmedical costs ; ; • Clinical response rate defined according to RECIST criteria ; ; • Serum Cancer Antigen 19‐9 (CA 19.9) and Carcino‐Embryonal‐Antigen (CEA) response ; ; • Pathologic response INCLUSION CRITERIA: • Histologically or cytologically confirmed pancreatic cancer (i.e. pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma) • (Borderline) resectable tumor without metastatic disease* (DPCG definitions of resectability) • WHO performance status 0 or 1 • Ability to undergo surgery, chemoradiotherapy, and chemotherapy** • Leucocytes (WBC) = 3.0 X 109/l • Platelets = 100X 109 /l • Hemoglobin = 6 mmol/l • Renal function: E‐GFR > 50 ml/min • Age = 18 years • Written informed consent * Lesions on chest CT that are too small to characterize are not considered metastatic disease. ** In some patients this may require assessment by both a surgical and medical oncologist and radiotherapist prior to study inclusion.
Abstract Book: society of Surgical Oncology 67th Annual Cancer Symposium; The proceedings contain 506 papers. The topics discussed include: randomized controlled trial of irinotecan drug eluting beads with simultaneous FOLFOX and bevacizamab for patients with unresectable colorectal liver‐limited metastasis; intensified follow‐up in colorectal cancer patients using frequent carcinoembryonic (CEA) measurements and CEA‐triggered imaging; efficacy of adjuvant radiation therapy in the treatment of soft tissue sarcomas of the extremity: 20‐year follow‐up of a randomized prospective trial; phase I/II trial of autophagy inhibition in combination with neoadjuvant gemcitabine in high‐risk pancreatic adenocarcinoma: safety, clinical response, and correlative studies; axillary reverse mapping: redefining axillary surgery; and the effect of margin status on local recurrence and cost analysis using a decision tree model.
Circulating cell-free DNA (CFD) measured by a simple fluorescent assay to predict relapse in triple negative breast cancer patients receiving neoadjuvant chemotherapy: a biomarker substudy of prospective observational study (NCT02001519, NCT02001506); Background: Poly(ADP‐ribose) polymerase (PARP) enzymes are involved in DNA repair and activated by DNA strand breaks. DNA damage from carboplatin is associated with activation of PARP. Preclinical data indicate that P ARP inhibition potentiates the anti‐tumor effect of platinum chemotherapy. Talazoparib (T) is an oral, selective PARP inhibitor with a single agent maximum tolerated dose (MTD) of 1mg orally qd. Primary dose‐limiting toxicity (DLT) was thrombocytopenia. This phase I study combines T with the commonly used chemotherapy regimen of carboplatin (C) and paclitaxel (P). Methods: Two dosing schedules are being investigated. In both schedules, C is administered on day 1 and P on days 1, 8, and 15 of a 21 ‐day cycle. T (100‐ 1000mcg) is dosed once daily for days 1 ‐7 (schedule A) or days 1 ‐3 (schedule B) starting on day 1. A 3+3 design is used for dose escalation. Key eligibility criteria include age 318 with a measurable or evaluable solid incurable malignancy. Patients (pts) must have tumor type that is expected to respond to C + P or have BRCA germline or somatic mutation. Stable, treated brain metastases are allowed. No prior C for metastatic disease is allowed. Pts must have platelets>150 and no need for anticoagulation. After 4‐6 cycles of combination therapy, pts may continue the combination, change to C and intermittent T without P or change to T alone with continuous daily dosing. Each schedule will have a 6 subject dose expansion at the MTD. The starting dose level for schedule B will be the MTD from schedule A. Results: Schedule A cohort results are reported: 11 pts (median age 59 [range 39‐ 68]; 8 female; 3 male) have been enrolled. Pts had breast (6), ovarian (2), pancreatic (1), and SCC of oropharynx (1) and concurrent ovarian and pancreatic (1). Five pts are BRCA2+ and 3 pts are BRCA1 +. Dose level 3 on schedule A (T 350mcg with C AUC 6 and P 80mg/m2) exceeded the MTD with 2 of 3 pts experiencing hematologic dose limiting toxicities (DLTs) including 1 pt with grade (gr) 3 neutropenic fever and gr 4 thrombocytopenia and another pt with grade 3/4 neutropenia lasting > 7 days. Most common AEs include neutropenia (grade 3‐4: 7), anemia (grade 3‐4: 3), and thrombocytopenia (grade 3‐4: 4). Results from expansion of dose level 2 (T 250mcg with C AUC 6 and T 80mg/m2) will be presented. The 11 pts were on study a median of 9 weeks (range 9‐36+). Four pts have discontinued study therapy: 1 due to need for anticoagulation for PE, 1 for prolonged cytopenias, and 2 for disease progression. Of the 8 pts with measurable disease evaluated for response to date, 4 had SD, 1 had a cPR, 1 had radiographic CR, and 2 with PD. A pt with BRCA 1+ triple negative breast cancer has maintained a prolonged PR (36+ weeks) even after dose reductions to T 100mcg with C AUC 3. One pt with ovarian cancer (BRCA WT) has radiographic CR (CA 125 remains mildly elevated) after 15+ weeks of therapy. Conclusion: PARP inhibition with talazoparib days 1‐7 in combination with carboplatin and paclitaxel leads to DLT of myelosuppression. However, clinical responses are seen even with lower dose combinations.
Training for the fight: adherence to a novel prehab approach in pancreaticoduodenectomy; PURPOSE/HYPOTHESIS: Now the third leading cause of US cancer deaths, pancreatic cancer (PanC) incidence is rising. Surgery is the only chance at cure but with a high risk of perioperative complications. Sarcopenia, highly prevalent in PanC, predicts poor outcomes and can limit adjuvant chemotherapy options. Preoperative exercise (“prehab”) benefits other cancers, but the effect in the brief preoperative PanC period is unknown, as is adherence to home‐based approach in this population. PURPOSE: To report adherence results from the feasibility phase of a pilot randomized controlled trial capitalizing on a 2‐ to 3‐ week preoperative window between diagnosis of PanC and resection by pancreaticoduodenectomy (PD). In this innovative, short‐term approach, survivors are encouraged to become as fit as possible for surgery through a condensed period of high‐volume exercise. Given anticipated symptom burden combined with the gravity of PanC diagnosis, we anticipate adherence below that published for other cancers. NUMBER OF SUBJECTS: A total of 30 patients (46.7% female; 100% white; age range, 39‐81 years; mean = 66.5 ± 10.6 years), approved for surgical resection of PanC or related premalignancy by PD and not already exercising at a higher level, enrolled in the feasibility phase were randomized to 1 of 2 prehab approaches differing only by strengthening (SPRE, two‐thirds of the sample) or active range of motion (AROM) (NPRE, one‐third of the sample). MATERIALS/METHODS: All participants received a single, inperson physical therapy (PT) session for a home exercise program of endurance training (seated ergometer), plus 7 to 8 exercises of either AROM or strengthening (adjustable arm and leg weights), all with a daily goal of 60 minutes by surgery, at RPE 13. Each prescription was personalized while following a general protocol of exercise options to target large muscle groups. Survivors received 2 to 3 follow‐up phone calls over the intervention, with adherence interview at each, and kept a diary. Adherence (%) was calculated as: number of days exercise was performed/total days in the intervention period. Consistent with published cancer exercise adherence articles, 75% to 100% adherence was categorized as high (full), 50% to 74% as moderate (mod), and less than 50% as minimal (min). Small group sizes prevent calculation of 95% confidence interval. RESULTS: Adherence as full, mod, and min with endurance training was 68.4%, 21.1%, and 10.5% for the SPRE group and 88.9%, 0%, and 11.1% for the NPRE group. AROM adherence was 88.9% (full), 11.1%, and 0% and for strength was 78.9%, 5.3%, and 15.8%. CONCLUSIONS: Even with a PanC diagnosis and active symptoms of fatigue and pain, our sample achieved greater adherence than that published in other cancers with low survival. Family buy‐in, direct surgeon recommendation, and phone follow‐up were facilitators. Caregiving roles were barriers. Having achieved higher adherence than with similar prescription in our study of elderly ovarian cancer survivors on chemotherapy, we suspect the high stakes, brief time frame, and use of a treatment‐free period are key. CLINICAL RELEVANCE: High adherence may be achieved with high‐volume, home‐based endurance and strength training in the 2 to 3 weeks before PD. At least 1 follow‐up phone call is recommended.
Chemoradiotherapy in Gastrointestinal Malignancies; Over the past 30 years, significant advances have been made in the integration of radiation therapy and chemotherapy in the treatment of patients with localised gastrointestinal malignancies. The therapeutic goal of chemoradiotherapy is to enhance local control resulting in improved survival and outcome of these patients. To define the optimal sequence, agents and efficacy of these modalities, an array of randomised studies have been conducted in malignancies of the oesophagus, stomach, pancreas, colon, rectum and anus. In oesophageal cancer, recent studies from Germany and France indicate that patients treated with 'definitive' chemoradiotherapy have similar survival to patients undergoing neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy followed by surgery. For patients with locally advanced rectal cancer undergoing surgery, a phase III trial from Germany showed higher rates of local control with less acute and late morbidity for patients receiving neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy vs adjuvant chemoradiotherapy. In contrast, the role of chemoradiotherapy in pancreatic cancer patients remains unclear and contentious. This overview highlights current results, controversies and potential future directions in the chemoradiotherapeutic treatment of selected gastrointestinal malignancies.
Blue and Amber Light Exposure in Patients With Rectal and Pancreatic Cancer; The investigators incorporate appropriate control participants, which include participants who are matched for stage and age and who undergo neoadjuvant chemoradiation and/or surgery but who are not exposed to modulation of their environmental light. There are no deviations from the standard of care for these patients. They will be receiving care identical to that had they not been involved in this study. The only alteration is that some participants will be exposed additionally to either blue or amber light. The investigators use commercially available seasonal affective disorder (SAD) lights that are already approved for therapeutic human use. These lights are small and portable and approved for use for seasonal affective disorder (SAD). The investigators have used them in other human trials and have not identified any adverse or unexpected events. The participants will be asked to have 10 mL of blood drawn for research purposes at 4 time points to assess for markers of the inflammatory response and circadian clock activation. Additionally, they will be asked to complete surveys at 3 time points to assess for quality‐of‐life measures. They will be asked to wear a small light sensor and a heart rate variability monitor for 7 days to measure the adequacy of light exposure and physiologic response to the exposure, respectively. In the participants who undergo definitive operative resection (e.g., Whipple (pancreaticoduodenectomy) procedure, mesorectal proctectomy), we will analyze a sample of the resected specimen. The investigators will obtain this sample only after complete pathological examination and reporting in accordance with best practices of care. Thus, the sample being acquired for research purposes is discarded biological tissue and no additional sampling is performed. In fact, there are absolutely no deviations or interference with the processes of delivering care.
Efficacy of neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy with Metformin for locally advanced pancreatic cancer; INTERVENTION: Duration: 3 months Dose Neoadjuvant chemoradiation: Gemcitabine(150mg/m2/w)+RT(50.4G/28f) Metformin: from 5days before starting neoadjuvant chemoradiation until surgery.(1500mg/3x) CONDITION: pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: the ratio of histological remnant cancer cells INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1) Certification of pancreatic cancer (histological confirmation is desired). 2) Beyond borderline resectable pancreatic cancer (NCCN guideline 2013 ver.1). 3) No prior anti‐tumor therapy for pancreatic cancer. 4) Patient age: over 20 years old, 80 years old or less. 5) Performance status (ECOG) is 0 or 1. 6) Essential organ function is preserved. WBC counts: over 3000/mm3 Neutrophil counts: over 2000/mm3 Platelets counts: over10^4/mm3 Hb: over 9 g/dl TBil: below 3.0 mg/dl AST/ALT: 5 times less than the upper limit of normal Serum creatinine: below 1.3mg/dl (male) 1.2mg/dl (female) 7) Patients with type 2 diabetes 8) Written consent has been obtained from the patient himself.
Effect of somatostatin in advanced gastric cancer after D2 radical gastrectomy; AIM: To study the effect of somatostatin in patients with advanced gastric cancer who received D2 lymphadenectomy and vagina vasorum dissection. METHODS: Using a prospective, single‐blind, placebocontrolled design, patients with advanced gastric cancer were randomized into a study group (n = 61) and a control group (n = 59). Patients in the study group were given somatostatin for 5‐7 d starting 6 h after the operation, and patients in the control group were given normal saline. Preoperative and nonoperative complications in the perioperative period, as well as different types of postoperative drainage in the two groups were compared. RESULTS: There was no significant difference between the study group and the control group for preoperative clinicopathological indicators. We found no significant difference between the two groups for the overall incidence of complications, but a lower percentage of peritoneal effusion was observed in the treatment group (1.6% vs 10.2%, P < 0.05). There were no significant differences between the two groups in the incidence of postoperative pancreatic dysfunction and chylous fistula. However, there were significant differences in the amylase concentration in drainage fluid, volume and duration of drainage, volume and duration of chylous fistula and peritoneal drainage, and volume and duration of gastric tube drainage. The study group did not show any increase in mean hospitalization cost and the cost reduced when the postoperative complications occurred. CONCLUSION: Postoperative somatostatin reduces volume and duration of surgical drainage and related complications. Somatostatin may improve safety of gastric cancer surgery, reducing postoperative complications and promoting recovery.
Multicenter, randomized, open-label Phase II study comparing S-1 alternate-day oral therapy with the standard daily regimen as a first-line treatment in patients with unresectable advanced pancreatic cancer; PURPOSE: Non‐inferiority for overall survival (OS) following alternate‐day treatment with the oral anticancer drug S‐1 compared with standard daily treatment was assessed in Japanese patients with unresectable advanced pancreatic cancer in a multicenter, randomized, phase II study. This trial was registered at the UMIN Clinical Trials Registry (no. 000008604). METHODS: Chemotherapy‐naïve patients with locally advanced or metastatic pancreatic cancer were randomly assigned 2:1 to treatment with alternate‐day (twice daily on alternate days from days 1 through 42 of a 42‐day cycle) or daily (twice daily on days 1 through 28 of a 42‐day cycle) treatment with S‐1. The primary endpoint was OS. Secondary endpoints were progression‐free survival (PFS), time to treatment failure, response rate, quality of life assessments, and safety. RESULTS: A total of 190 patients were enrolled, of which 185 were included in the final analysis (alternate‐day: 121; daily: 64). Median OS was 9.4 for the alternate‐day group and 10.4 months for the daily group [hazard ratio (HR), 1.19; 95% credible interval, 0.86 to 1.64], indicating that non‐inferiority of alternate‐day treatment to daily treatment was not demonstrated. Median PFS was 3.0 for the alternate‐day group and 4.2 months for the daily group (HR, 1.65; 95% credible interval, 1.20‐2.29). The incidence of anorexia, fatigue, neutrophils, pigmentation, and pneumonitis was lower in alternate‐day treatment compared with daily treatment. CONCLUSION: S‐1 for advanced pancreatic cancer should be taken daily as recommended, based on the decreased OS and PFS and marginal improvement in safety observed in the alternate‐day group.
Minimally invasive versus open distal pancreatectomy for ductal adenocarcinoma (DIPLOMA): a pan-European propensity score matched study; Background: A recent survey revealed that many European surgeons have concerns about the oncological safety of minimally invasive distal pancreatectomy (MIDP) for pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC). Methods: A pan‐European retrospective cohort study was performed on patients who underwent MIDP or open distal pancreatectomy (ODP) for PDAC (2007‐2015). MIDP patients were matched to ODP patients (1:1) based on propensity scores obtained via multivariable logistic regression including only preoperatively variables: sex, age, BMI, ASA, prior abdominal surgery, surgery year, tumor location and size. Primary outcome was radical (R0) resection rate. Results: In total, 1336 patients were included from 33 centers in 11 countries. Mortality was 2% and median survival 29 months. Of 369(28%) MIDP patients, 239 could be matched to an ODP patient. Conversion rate was 21%(n=44). After matching, R0 resection rate was 66%(n=149) for MIDP vs 52%(n=119) for ODP (p=0.002), lymph node retrieval was 13(IQR=7‐23) vs 19(IQR=12‐26)(p<0.001), the use of adjuvant chemotherapy was 72% vs 67% (p=0.28) and median overall survival (31 vs 26 months (p=0.51). Major complication rate (Clavien‐Dindo 3‐4) was 16%(n=36) vs 24%(n=53)(p=0.06), 90‐day mortality 1%(n=2) vs 2%(n=4)(P=0.44) and hospital stay 7(IQR=5‐10) vs 9(IQR=7‐14) days (p<0.001). Conclusion: This pan‐European propensity score matched analysis suggests short term benefits for MIDP over ODP. A randomized controlled trial is, however, needed to confirm the oncologic safety of MIDP for PDAC.
Minimally invasive versus open distal pancreatectomy for ductal adenocarcinoma (DIPLOMA): a pan-European propensity score matched study; Background: A recent survey revealed that many European surgeons have concerns about the oncological safety of minimally invasive distal pancreatectomy (MIDP) for pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC). Methods: A pan‐European retrospective cohort study was performed on patients who underwent MIDP or open distal pancreatectomy (ODP) for PDAC (2007‐2015). MIDP patients were matched to ODP patients (1:1) based on propensity scores obtained via multivariable logistic regression including only preoperatively variables: sex, age, BMI, ASA, prior abdominal surgery, surgery year, tumor location and size. Primary outcome was radical (R0) resection rate. Results: In total, 1336 patients were included from 33 centers in 11 countries. Mortality was 2% and median survival 29 months. Of 369(28%) MIDP patients, 239 could be matched to an ODP patient. Conversion rate was 21%(n=44). After matching, R0 resection rate was 66%(n=149) for MIDP vs 52%(n=119) for ODP (p=0.002), lymph node retrieval was 13(IQR=7‐23) vs 19(IQR=12‐26)(p<0.001), the use of adjuvant chemotherapy was 72% vs 67% (p=0.28) and median overall survival (31 vs 26 months (p=0.51). Major complication rate (Clavien‐Dindo 3‐4) was 16%(n=36) vs 24%(n=53)(p=0.06), 90‐day mortality 1%(n=2) vs 2%(n=4)(P=0.44) and hospital stay 7(IQR=5‐10) vs 9(IQR=7‐14) days (p<0.001). Conclusion: This pan‐European propensity score matched analysis suggests short term benefits for MIDP over ODP. A randomized controlled trial is, however, needed to confirm the oncologic safety of MIDP for PDAC.
A Prospective Phase II Trial of Neoadjuvant S-1 with Concurrent Hypofractionated Radiotherapy in Patients with Resectable and Borderline Resectable Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma; BACKGROUND: The ideal neoadjuvant treatment protocol for patients with pancreatic cancer (PDAC) remains unclear. We evaluated the efficacy and safety of neoadjuvant hypofractionated chemoradiotherapy with S‐1 for patients with resectable (R) and borderline resectable (BR) PDAC. METHODS: Eligibility criteria included patients with R and BR PDAC, performance status 0‐1, and age 20‐85 years. Hypofractionated external‐beam radiotherapy (30 Gy in 10 fractions) with concurrent S‐1 (60 mg/m2) was delivered 5 days/week for 2 weeks prior to pancreatectomy. RESULTS: Fifty‐seven patients were enrolled in this study, including 33 R and 24 BR [19 BR tumors with portal vein contact (BR‐PV) and 5 BR tumors with arterial contact (BR‐A)]. The total rates of protocol treatment completion and resection were 91% (50/57) and 96% (55/57), respectively. Seven patients failed to complete S‐1 due to cholangitis (n = 5) or neutropenia (n = 2). The most common grade 3 toxicities [Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) version 4.0] were anorexia (7%), nausea (5%), neutropenia (4%), and leukopenia (4%). No patient experienced grade 4 toxicity. Pathologically negative margins (R0) were achieved in 54 of 55 patients (98%) who underwent pancreatectomy. Pathological response was classified as Evans grade I in 8 patients (15%), IIa in 31 patients (56%), IIb in 14 patients (25%), III in 1 patient (2%), and IV in 1 patient (2%), and operative morbidity (Clavien‐Dindo grade IIIb or less) was observed in 4 patients (8%). The 1‐ and 2‐year overall survival (OS) rates were 91 and 83% in R patients, respectively, and 77 and 58% in BR patients, respectively (p = 0.03). CONCLUSION: Neoadjuvant S‐1 with concurrent hypofractionated radiotherapy is tolerable and appears promising for patients with R and BR PDAC.
Prehabilitation in Pancreatic Surgery; BACKGROUND: Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) is a highly lethal cancer, with 5‐year survival around 10%. The combination of surgical resection and chemotherapy represents the most efficacious therapy to improve prognosis for localized PDAC. Patients with pancreatic cancer are generally older adults in whom frailty, sarcopenia and/or malnutrition are common. These features have all been associated with poor postoperative complications and reduced survival. Therefore, the preoperative period and the time window after the end of chemotherapy constitute a unique opportunity to condition modifiable risk factors, improve functional capacity and address deficiencies in physiologic reserves, which might otherwise preclude surgery or significantly impede recovery. Prehabilitation is defined as the process of enhancing patients' functional capacity to enable them to withstand a stressful event. Multimodal prehabilitation, which defines a program including physical, nutritional, and psychological interventions, has shown the most promising results in gastrointestinal cancer surgery. However, no high‐quality evidence is currently available for PDAC patients. STUDY OBJECTIVES: Primary Aim: to evaluate if a 4‐week multimodal structured prehabilitation program including physical exercise, nutritional and psychological interventions will result in a clinically significant increase in functional capacity, nutritional status and patient‐reported health‐related quality of life before surgery when compared to a usual care control group, and evaluate the extent to which multimodal prehabilitation impacts on postoperative morbidity and patient recovery compared to usual care. Secondary Aim: to analyze whether multimodal prehabilitation may impact on the concentration and activity of a panel of specific circulating molecules involved in cancer cachexia and skeletal muscle wasting, chronic inflammation. STUDY DESIGN: A randomized controlled trial will be performed in PDAC and periampullary cancer patients with indication to upfront pancreatic resection or pancreatic resection after completion of neoadjuvant chemotherapy. Included patients will be randomized (ratio 1:1) and allocated either to the intervention group (Multimodal Prehabilitation), which will receive prehabilitation, or to the control group, which will receive no prehabilitation. All patients will receive the same intraoperative and postoperative care based on an established enhanced recovery pathway. Inclusion and exclusion criteria as stated in the eligibility section will be assessed and patients consented to participate in the study if they fulfill inclusion criteria. RANDOMIZATION AND BLINDING: The trial is designed as a randomized, controlled, assessor‐blind trial. Participants will be randomly assigned to either multimodal prehabilitation or no prehabilitation group with a 1:1 allocation using permuted blocks of random sizes. Randomization will be stratified by neoadjuvant chemotherapy and tumor location (periampullary or pancreatic head‐neck cancer versus pancreatic body‐tail cancer). Allocation concealment will be ensured as the randomization code will not be released until the patient has been recruited into the trial, which takes place after all baseline measurements have been completed and informed consent has been signed. PREOPERATIVE ASSESSMENT: All patients will be evaluated at baseline (T0) by: ‐ Patient medical history including comorbidities, presence of signs or symptoms, and frailty assessment using Fried's criteria. ‐ Physical performance tests including functional walking capacity (six‐minute walk test), timed up and go test, gait speed assessment and handgrip strength test. ‐ Assessment of nutritional status by nutrition history, measurement of anthropometric parameters, completion of nutritional screening questionnaires (MNA, PG‐SGA), and standard biochemical markers of malnutrition and inflammation including albumin, prealbumin, total lymphocyte count, and C‐reactive protein. ‐ Body composition measurements assessed using two methods: ‐ multi‐frequency bioelectrical impedance analysis (BIA) providing data on extracellular and intracellular water as % of total body water, fat mass (FM) as % of body weight, skeletal muscle mass (SK) as % of fat‐free mass (FFM) and phase angle (PA°), intramuscular fat mass (IMAT), basal metabolic rate (BMR) energy expenditure and hypotalamic‐ pituitary‐ adrenal axis index (HPA); ‐ CT scan image analysis (using preoperative cancer staging and restaging chest and abdomen CT scans) performing automated imaging segmentation using Data Analysis Facilitation Suite (DAFS) by Voronoi Health Analytics, Inc. (https://www.voronoihealthanalytics.com/). ‐ Overall activity of the autonomic nervous system and heart rate variability through photoplethysmography (PPG) stress flow test. This exam allows the study and direct monitoring of all functions of the autonomic nervous system and the related process of biofeedback. ‐ Patient reported outcome questionnaires to measure health related quality of life and patient engagement. The following questionnaires will be administered ‐ Patient reported outcome measurement information system (PROMIS)29+2, a validated questionnaire designed to measure self‐reported physical, mental and social health and wellbeing. ‐ Duke activity status index (DASI), a brief questionnaire designed to assess physical function by answering whether they are able to perform 12 listed activities of various intensity (i.e., ambulation, household tasks and leisure activities). ‐ EORTC QLQ C30, a generic core questionnaire that measures health‐related quality of life in patients with any cancer. ‐ EORTC QLQ PAN‐26, the pancreatic cancer module that supplements the EORTC QLQ‐C30. ‐ ‐ Medically unexplained symptoms (MUS) questionnaire investigates the presence of vague symptoms to describe a cluster of manifestations such us chronic fatigue, sleep or appetite disorders, irritable bowel or constipation, tone or mood disorders, non‐specific pain syndromes which are sometimes underestimated. ‐ Patient activation measures (PAM)‐13, a 13‐item questionnaire measuring patients' self‐reported knowledge, motivation, and skills for self‐management. ‐ Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS) questionnaire to measure anxiety and depression. ‐ Blood sample analysis of circulating cytokines, chemokines, interferons, colony stimulating factors, main hormones involved in metabolic homeostasis and cancer cachexia. Four weeks after baseline assessment, on the day before surgery (T1), all patients will repeat all evaluations previously performed at T0. STUDY INTERVENTION Included patients will be randomized (ratio 1:1) and allocated either to the intervention group (Multimodal Prehabilitation), which will receive prehabilitation, or to the control group, which will receive no prehabilitation. Patients in the control group will be treated according to usual standard of care and will be given informative material regarding healthy lifestyle and how to best prepare for surgery. The intervention will consist of a multimodal prehabilitation, a 4‐week long preoperative intervention including exercise training, nutritional therapy and anxiety reducing techniques, aimed at preventing or attenuating surgery‐driven functional decline as described in the arms and intervention section. VISITS AND FOLLOW‐UP: Throughout patient hospital stay, postoperative outcomes including complications, will be recorded. After discharge, patients will be followed‐up as routine care by phone calls from a nurse navigator. At 30 days (T2), 60 (T3) and 90 days (T4) after surgery, patient recovery will be re‐evaluated during scheduled outpatient visits. Patients will be assessed for: ‐ Functional capacity by the 6MWT and other physical performance tests including TUG, gait speed assessment and handgrip strength test. ‐ Nutritional status by measurement of anthropometric parameters including body weight (kg), height (cm), and body mass index (kg/m2) ‐ Body composition by multi‐frequency bioelectrical impedance vector analysis (BIVA) ‐ Health related quality of life through patient reported outcome questionnaires STATISTICAL METHODS: The analysis will be conducted on intention to treat basis. Continuous data will be presented as medians (interquartile range) or means (standard deviation); categorical data as absolute values and percentages. Dichotomous data will be compared by two tailed chi‐square test or Fisher's exact test. Continuous measurements will be compared between groups using the Mann‐Whitney U test or T‐Student test for normally distributed data. Baseline characteristics of the two groups will be reported in order to confirm the adequacy of the randomization process. CCI will be described as the mean plus the standard deviation (SD) or median plus interquartile range (IQR), depending on its distribution. To analyze the difference in terms of CCI between groups t‐student Test will be adopted in case of normal distribution, otherwise Mann‐Whitney U test will be used. 6MWT as a functional capacity measure is a continuous variable. This data will be described as means, plus SD, at each time point. To accommodate the repeat measurements for individuals, a generalized linear mixed model will be used to compare results from both arms. Pre‐planned subgroup analysis in patients with higher risk features at enrollment (e.g., malnourished, sarcopenic obese, low physical function, frail) will also be performed to evaluate the effectiveness of prehabilitation in this population. Statistical analysis will be performed using STATA® version 16 software. SAMPLE SIZE: The size of the sample was calculated on the basis of the primary aim of the study: the reduction of postoperative complications as determined with the CCI score at 90 days after surgery. In our preliminary data on PDAC surgical population, the mean (SD) CCI is 21.0 (SD 16), and the target reduction is 30%. An alpha of 0.05 and power of 0.80 (two‐sided test) was used. Expecting a dropout rate of 10%, 113 patients are needed in each arm for an overall sample of 226 patients.
Activity and safety of afatinib in a window preoperative EORTC study in patients with squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck (SCCHN); Background: To investigate the activity and safety of afatinib in the preoperative treatment of squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck (SCCHN). Patients and methods: This study was an open‐label, randomized, multicenter, phase II window of opportunity trial. Treatment‐naïve SCCHN patients selected for primary curative surgery were randomized (5 : 1 ratio) to receive afatinib during 14 days (day ‐15 until day ‐1) before surgery (day 0) or no treatment. Tumor biopsies, 2‐[fluorine‐18]‐fluoro‐2‐deoxy‐d‐glucose positron emission tomography (FDG‐PET), and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) were carried out at diagnosis and just before surgery. The primary end point was metabolic FDG‐PET response (according to EORTC guidelines). Other end points included response assessment based on the Response Evaluation Criteria In Solid Tumors (RECIST) v1.1, dynamic contrast‐enhanced (DCE)‐MRI, diffusion weighted (DW)‐MRI, safety, and translational research (TR). Results: Thirty patients were randomized: 25 to afatinib and 5 to control arm. Of the 23 eligible patients randomized to afatinib, 16 (70%; 95% CI: 47% to 87%) patients had a partial metabolic FDG‐PET response (PMR). Five patients (22%; 95% CI: 8% to 44%) showed a partial response by RECISTv1.1. Responses assessed via DCE‐MRI and DWI‐MRI did not show a strong association with PMR or RECIST. One patient discontinued afatinib after 11 days for grade 3 diarrhea with subsequent renal failure and 24 days delay in surgery. No grade 4 toxicities or surgical comorbidities related to afatinib were reported. TR results indicated that PMR was more frequent in the tumors with high Cluster3‐hypoxia score expression and with TP53 wild type. Conclusion: Afatinib given for 2 weeks to newly diagnosed SCCHN patients induces a high rate of FDG‐PET partial metabolic response and partial response according to RECISTv1.1. Afatinib can be safely administered before surgery. Although exploratory, the hypoxic gene signature needs further investigations as a predictive biomarker of afatinib activity. Clinical trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT01538381.
Adjuvant chemotherapy versus NEOadjuvant gemcitabine/ oxaliplatin plus adjuvant gemcitabine in resectable PAncreatic Cancer: a randomized multicenter phase III study; INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Gemedac Pharmaceutical Form: Powder for solution for infusion INN or Proposed INN: Gemcitabine Other descriptive name: GEMCITABINE HYDROCHLORIDE Concentration unit: mg/ml milligram(s)/millilitre Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 38‐ Trade Name: Medoxa Pharmaceutical Form: Concentrate for solution for infusion INN or Proposed INN: OXALIPLATIN CAS Number: 61825‐94‐3 Concentration unit: mg/ml milligram(s)/millilitre Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 5‐ Pharmaceutical Form: Powder for solution for infusion INN or Proposed INN: Gemcitabine Other descriptive name: GEMCITABINE HYDROCHLORIDE CONDITION: resectable pancreatic cancer ; MedDRA version: 17.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10033608 Term: Pancreatic cancer resectable System Organ Class: 100000004864 ; MedDRA version: 17.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10033604 Term: Pancreatic cancer System Organ Class: 100000004864 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Cancer [C04] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: The aim of the study is to test the additional value of neoadjuvant chemotherapy to the standard treatment for resectable pancreatic cancer (surgery + adjuvant chemotherapy) by comparing progression‐free survival (PFS) Primary end point(s): Progression‐free Survival Secondary Objective: To compare treatment arms with respect to:; • Histological response; • Overall Survival (OS); • Complication rates after surgery; • Feasibility of adjuvant chemotherapy Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Time from date of consent to progression/recurrence SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): 1 Histological response ; 2 Overall Survival (OS) ; 3 Complication rates after surgery ; 4 Feasibility of adjuvant chemotherapy Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 1 At the time of surgery ; 2 Time from informed consent to death of patients ; 3 After surgery to end of treatment ; 4 After surgery INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Resectable adenocarcinoma of the pancreatic head (requiring duodeno‐pancreatectomy) 2. T1‐3, Nx, M0 (UICC 6th version, 2002) 3. Infiltration of the portal vein (< 180°) is not an exclusion criterion 4. Cytologic or histologic confirmation of adenocarcinoma 5. Age > 18 years 6. Written informed consent Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range 310 F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) yes F.1.3.1 Number of subjects for this age range 310
A prospective randomized controlled study of the outcomes of laparoscopy and open surgery after neoadjuvant chemotherapy for pancreatic cancer; INTERVENTION: experimental group:laparoscopic pancreatectomy;control group:open pancreatectomy; CONDITION: Pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: overall survival; SECONDARY OUTCOME: disease‐free survival;R0 resection rate;operative duration;number of lymph node dissection;major postoperative complications;minor postoperative complications;length of postoperative hospital stay;length of postoperative ICU stay;intraoperative blood loss;90‐day mortality; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Patients confirmed resectable or borderline resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma after neoadjuvant chemotherapy follow 2020 V1 NCCN; 2. Patients aged 18 to 80 years, regardless of gender; 3. Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status 0 to 1; 4. The expected postoperative survival >= 3 months; 5. Ability to comply with research plans and other program requirements; 6. Volunteer to be the subject and sign the informed consent.
Phase II trial of neoadjuvant combination chemotherapy with gemcitabine and S-1 for locally advanced pancreatic cancer; INTERVENTION: S1: bid d1‐15 q3w x 3 courses 60mg/sq PO GEM: d1 and d1, q3w x 3 courses 1000mg/sq DIV CONDITION: locally advanced pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: pathologically margin negative status SECONDARY OUTCOME: response rate, toxicity, progression free survival, overall survival INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1)Histologically proven pancreatic adenocarcinoma 2)UICC stageIII with one of the criteria below; a)tumor abutment of the SMA involving half of the artery circumference b)encasement of a short segment of HA without tumor extension to the celiac axis 3)No prior chemotherapy or radiotherapy 4)Age above 20 5)ECOG performance status of 0 or 1 6)Adequate hematologic, hepatic and renal function 7)Written informed consent
A Phase II trial of neoadjuvant therapy with GEM/IMRT for potentially resectable pancreatic cancer; INTERVENTION: To investigate the overall survival rate following chemoradiation using Gemcitabine combined with IMRT for potentially resectable pancreatic cancer CONDITION: potentially resectable pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: overall survival SECONDARY OUTCOME: disease‐free survival, pathological responce rate, incident of adverse event, mortality INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1.Patients with Histo‐cytologically confirmed pancreatic cancer 2.Patients with radiologically defined patentially borderline resectable pancreatic cancer 3.Patients with Performance status of 0/1 4.Patients who have not undergone chemo and/or radiotherapyPatients with no metastatic disease confirmed by staging laparoscopy 5.Patiants who can oral intake 6.Patients with normal ECG findings 7.Patients with sustained organ function 8.Patients who received informed consent
Clinical efficacy of IORT on patients with pancreatic body-tail carcinoma after R1 resection: a randomized controlled trial; INTERVENTION: R1 resection with I and II TNM stage:natural light;20:IORT ; CONDITION: pancreatic body‐tail carcinoma PRIMARY OUTCOME: Quality of life scores;Postoperative survival time;Safety Assessment; SECONDARY OUTCOME: disease free survival time; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Male and female aged 18 to 70 years old; Patients who are clinically diagnosed as pancreatic body‐tail carcinoma have good body situation and basic normal nutrition condition. They haven’t undergone any preoperative chemotherapy or radiotherapy. They haven't severe dysfunction of heart,l ung, liver and kidney, and no Jaundice, ascites, obstructive alimentary tract and acute infection. The routine blood test is normal with WBC>=4,000/mm3, Hb>=100g/L and plt>=100,000/mm3. The coagulation parameters are normal with PT, KPTT and TT in normal range. Quality of life grading (Karnofsky criteria) is over 80 scores. Operative endurance is good to endure operation and chemo‐radiotherapy; 2. Patients are able and willing to provide signed informed consent; 3. R1 resection of pancreatic body‐tail cancer with I and II TNM stage.
Clinical efficacy of IORT on patients with pancreatic body-tail carcinoma after R0 resection: a randomized controlled trial; INTERVENTION: R0 resection with I and II TNM stage:natural light;R0 resection with I and II TNM stage:IORT; CONDITION: pancreatic body‐tail carcinoma PRIMARY OUTCOME: Postoperative survival time;Quality of life scores;disease free survival time; SECONDARY OUTCOME: Safety Assessment; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Male and female aged 18 to 70 years old. Patients who are clinically diagnosed as pancreatic body‐tail carcinoma have good body situation and basic normal nutrition condition. They haven't undergone any preoperative chemotherapy or radiotherapy. They haven't severe dysfunction of heart, lung, liver and kidney,and no Jaundice, ascites, obstructive alimentary tract and acute infection. The routine blood test is normal with WBC>=4,000/mm^3, Hb>=100g/L and plt>=100,000/mm3. The coagulation mechanism is normal with PT, KPTT and TT in normal range. Quality of life grading (Karnofsky criteria) is over 80 scores. Operative endurance is good to endure operation and chemo‐radiotherapy; 2. Patients are able and willing to provide signed informed consent; 3. R0 resection of pancreatic body‐tail cancer with I and II TNM stage.
Phase III trial to evaluate the efficacy of neoadjuvant chemotherapy with S-1 plus oxaliplatin followed by D2 gastrectomy with adjuvant S-1 in locally advanced gastric cancer.(JCOG1509, NAGISA trial); INTERVENTION: Arm A: gastrectomy with D2 lymph node dissection and postoperative chemotherapy with S‐1 for one year Arm B: preoperative chemotherapy with S‐1 (80‐120 mg/body, p.o., day 1‐14) plus oxaliplatin (130 mg/m2, IV, day 1,) followed by gastrectomy with D2 lymph node dissection and postoperative chemotherapy with S‐1 for one year CONDITION: Gastric cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: Overall survival SECONDARY OUTCOME: Progression‐free survival, response rate of preoperative chemotherapy by RECIST ver1.0, proportion of R0 resection, proportion of completion of surgery, proportion of completion of protocol treatment, pathological response rate, toxicities, dose intensity of preoperative chemotherapy, proportion of patients undergoing postoperative chemotherapy at 3, 6, 9, and 12 months after surgery INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1) Histologically proven gastric adenocarcinoma. 2) Clinical T3/T4 by imaging. 3) No tumor invasion to pancreas head from primary tumor and/or metastatic lymph node 4) Enlarged lymph node (>=8mm in minor axis or >=10mm in major axis) by contrast‐enhanced abdominal computed tomography (CT). 5) No bulky lymph nodes (>=3 cm x 1 or >=1.5 cm x 2 in major axis) along the celiac, splenic, common or proper hepatic arteries, or the superior mesenteric vein by contrast‐enhanced abdominal computed tomography. 6) Both of HER2 positive and negative patients. HER2 negative has to be confirmed in patients with enlarged lymph node of 15mm in minor axis. 7) No distant metastasis based on contrast‐enhanced thoracic/abdominal/pelvic CT. 8) The macroscopic tumor type is neither Borrmann type 4 (linitis plastica) nor large (8 cm or more) type 3. 9) No esophageal invasion or an invasion of 3 cm or less. 10) No gastric stump cancer. 11) When a sta
JCOG1509: phase III trial to evaluate the efficacy of neoadjuvant chemotherapy with S-1 plus oxaliplatin followed by D2 gastrectomy with adjuvant S-1 in locally advanced gastric cancer; INTERVENTION: Arm A: gastrectomy with D2 lymph node dissection and postoperative chemotherapy with S‐1 or DS (Docetaxel plus S‐1) for one year Arm B: preoperative chemotherapy with S‐1 (80‐120 mg/body, p.o., day 1‐14) plus oxaliplatin (130 mg/m2, IV, day 1,) followed by gastrectomy with D2 lymph node dissection and postoperative chemotherapy with S‐1 or DS (Docetaxel plus S‐1) for one year CONDITION: Gastric cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: Overall survival SECONDARY OUTCOME: Progression‐free survival, response rate of preoperative chemotherapy by RECIST ver1.0, proportion of R0 resection, proportion of completion of surgery, proportion of completion of protocol treatment, pathological response rate, toxicities, dose intensity of preoperative chemotherapy, proportion of patients undergoing postoperative chemotherapy at 3, 6, 9, and 12 months after surgery, dose intensity of postoperative chemotherapy (DS (Docetaxel plus S‐1)) INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1) Histologically proven gastric adenocarcinoma. 2) Clinical T3/T4 by imaging. 3) No tumor invasion to pancreas head from primary tumor and/or metastatic lymph node 4) Enlarged lymph node (>=8mm in minor axis or >=10mm in major axis) by contrast‐enhanced abdominal computed tomography (CT). 5) No bulky lymph nodes (>=3 cm x 1 or >=1.5 cm x 2 in major axis) along the celiac, splenic, common or proper hepatic arteries, or the superior mesenteric vein by contrast‐enhanced abdominal computed tomography. 6) Both of HER2 positive and negative patients. HER2 negative has to be confirmed in patients with enlarged lymph node of 15mm in minor axis. 7) No distant metastasis based on contrast‐enhanced thoracic/abdominal/pelvic CT. 8) The macroscopic tumor type is neither Borrmann type 4 (linitis plastica) nor large (8 cm or more) type 3. 9) No esophageal invasion or an invasion of 3 cm or less. 10) No gastric stump cancer. 11) When a stagi
Phase II study of neoadjuvant chemotherapy with S-1 and CDDP in patients with lymph node metastatic stage II or III gastric cancer; OBJECTIVES: We conducted a phase II trial to investigate the efficacy and safety of neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NAC) comprising S‐1 and cisplatin (CDDP) followed by extensive resection in the management of resectable locally advanced gastric cancer with lymph node (LN) metastases. METHODS: Patients with LN metastases from stage II or III gastric cancer received S‐1 and CDDP, as NAC criteria for LN metastases were the involvement of ≥4 nodes <2 cm or ≥1 nodes ≥2 cm as confirmed by a total body computed tomography scan. All patients underwent extensive resection including D2 gastrectomy. The primary endpoint was complete resection rate and the secondary endpoints were 3‐year relapse‐free and overall survival. RESULTS: Fifty patients were assessable for the analysis. The complete resection rate was 87.8%. Three‐year relapse‐free survival was 44.9% and 3‐year overall survival rate was 48.0%. CONCLUSIONS: NAC with S‐1 and CDDP is safe and may improve the complete resection rate in patients with metastatic LN gastric cancer. This suggests that LN metastases would provide good target lesions in future clinical trials of NAC.
Phase II study of preoperative intensity modulated radiotherapy with gemcitabine and S-1 in patients with locally advanced pancreas cancer; INTERVENTION: Gemcitabine, S‐1, Intensity modulated radiation therapy CONDITION: Pancreas cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: Overall survival SECONDARY OUTCOME: Resection rate; Tumor response rate; Local recurrence rate; Progression free survival; Adverse event rate; QOL INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1) Pathologically or cytlogically proven diagnosis of pancreas cancer. 2) A CT or A MRI with contrast of the thorax, abdomen and pelvis exclude distance metastases and peritoneum dissemination. 3) Zubroad performance status is 0‐2. 4) Patients have not prior radiotherapy to upper abdomen. 5) Patients must provide clinical condition and have the ability to comprehend and informed consent prior to study entry.
A randomized, double-blind, study of ruxolitinib or placebo in combination with capecitabine as second line treatment for Subjects With Pancreatic cancer (The JANUS 1 Study); INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Jakafi Product Name: ruxolitinib Product Code: INCB018424 Pharmaceutical Form: Tablet INN or Proposed INN: ruxolitinib CAS Number: 941678‐49‐5 Current Sponsor code: INCB018424 Other descriptive name: (R)‐3‐(4‐(7H‐pyrrolo[2,3‐d]pyrimidin‐4‐yl)‐1H‐pyrazol‐1‐yl)‐3‐cyclopentylpropanenitrile phosphate Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 5‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Tablet Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use CONDITION: Male or female, 18 years or older with histologically or cytologically confirmed adenocarcinoma of the pancreas that is inoperable or metastatic. ; MedDRA version: 17.0 Level: LLT Classification code 10033606 Term: Pancreatic cancer non‐resectable System Organ Class: 100000004864 ; MedDRA version: 17.0 Level: LLT Classification code 10033605 Term: Pancreatic cancer metastatic System Organ Class: 100000004864 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Cancer [C04] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To evaluate and compare the OS of subjects with advanced or metastatic adenocarcinoma of the pancreas when treated with ruxolitinib in combination with capecitabine versus capecitabine alone. Primary end point(s): Overall survival as determined from the date of randomization until death due to any cause. Secondary Objective: To evaluate and compare the efficacy of the 2 treatment groups with respect to PFS.; To evaluate and compare the efficacy of the 2 treatment groups with respect to overall tumor response and duration of response.; To evaluate and compare the safety and tolerability of ruxolitinib in combination with capecitabine versus capecitabine alone. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: This study is event‐driven and will complete when 262 deaths (combined across the 2 treatment groups) occur in the study, presuming that the study will not have been stopped earlier for futility, efficacy, or safety considerations.; In this study, approximately 310 subjects will be randomized 1:1 between ruxolitinib and placebo over an approximate 18‐month period. Assuming uniform accrual over the 18‐month period, exponential survival on both placebo (median OS of 2 months) and ruxolitinib (median OS of 3 months), the targeted number of deaths is expected 2 months after the last subject starts treatment in the randomized portion of the study. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): Progression‐free survival defined as the time from randomization until the earliest date of disease progression determined by investigator assessment of objective radiographic disease assessments per RECIST (v1.1), or death due to any cause, if sooner.; ; Objective response rate and duration of response determined by radiographic disease assessments per RECIST (v1.1), by investigator assessment.; ; Safety and tolerability of the treatment regimens through assessment of AEs and changes in safety assessments including laboratory parameters. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: This study is event‐driven and will complete when 262 deaths (combined across the 2 treatment groups) occur in the study, presuming that the study will not have been stopped earlier for futility, efficacy, or safety considerations.; In this study, approximately 310 subjects will be randomized 1:1 between ruxolitinib and placebo over an approximate 18‐month period. Assuming uniform accrual over the 18‐month period, exponential survival on both placebo (median OS of 2 months) and ruxolitinib (median OS of 3 months), the targeted number of deaths is expected 2 months after the last subject starts treatment in the randomized portion of the study. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Male or female, 18 years or older. 2. Histologically or cytologically confirmed adenocarcinoma of the pancreas. 3. Advanced adenocarcinoma of the pancreas that is inoperable or metastatic. 4. Modified Glasgow Prognostic Score (mGPS) of 1 or 2 as defined below: a. mGPS of 1: CRP >10 mg/L and albumin ? 35 g/L b. mGPS of 2: CRP >10 mg/L and albumin < 35 g/L 5. Received 1 prior chemotherapy regimen for advanced or metastatic disease (not including neoadjuvant and/or adjuvant therapy) a. Use of a fluoropyrimidine‐containing regimen (eg, FOLFIRNOX, FOLFOX, CapeOx, etc) in the first‐line setting is permitted provided the subject discontinued treatment for reasons other than disease progression and the subject received ? 2 cycles of therapy. Subjects who received single‐agent capecitabine as first‐line therapy are not eligible. b. There is no restriction on the use of fluoropyrimidine‐containing regimens in the neo‐adjuvant or adjuvant setting.<b
PRIMUS002: a study looking at two neo-adjuvant chemotherapy treatments for pancreatic cancer in patients whose cancer is able to be operated on; INTERVENTION: Patients will be registered according to their performance status and age (younger patients with better performance status will be registered to receive FOLFOX‐A, with older patients with worse performance status will be registered to receive AG) FOLFOX A arm (14‐day cycle) 1. nab‐paclitaxel: 150mg/m2 IV over 30 minutes, day 1 (administered first). 2. Oxaliplatin: 85mg/m2, IV over 2 hours, day 1. 3. Folinic acid: 350 mg flat dose or 400mg/m2, IV over 2 hours, day 1 (as per standard of care for folinic acid dosing. Please inform CRUK CTU if not using 350mg flat dose). 4. Fluouracil infusion:1200mg/m2/day, as a continuous IV infusion over 2 days, day 1 and day 2 (for a total dose of 2400mg/m2 over 46 hours.) Patients will receive 6 cycles in total. Or: Nab‐Paclitaxel + Gemcitabine (AG) arm (28‐day cycle) 1. nab‐paclitaxel: 125 mg/m2 IV over 30 minutes, day 1,8,15 (administered first). 2. Gemcitabine 1000 mg/m2 on days 1, 8, and 15 (immediately following nab‐paclitaxel). Patients will receive 3 cycles in total. CONDITION: Pancreatic cancer ; Cancer ; Pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: 1. Time to progression following FOLFOX‐A treatment is assessed through CT scans at baseline, prior to radiotherapy and prior to surgery. Further scans will be performed as per standard of care to progression.; 2. Efficacy of proposed biomarkers in predicting disease progression rates in FOLFOX‐A arm. Tissue samples will be collected from the patients at baseline (under the Precision Panc Master Protocol), prior to radiotherapy and at surgery/progression. SECONDARY OUTCOME: 1. Translational research assessment of cloncal evolution and acquired resistance mechanisms due to treatment, ; Response based on RECIST 1.1 post neo‐adjuvant chemotherapy. The patient will have a CT scan at baseline, prior to radiotherapy and prior to surgery. Further scans will be performed as per standard of care to progression.; 2. CAP tumour regression grade post surgery, this will be assessed by MDT after surgery; 3. R0 rate post surgery, this will be assessed by MDT after surgery; 4. Overall survival, this will be assessed at every chemotherapy visit, radiotherapy planning, radiotherapy, surgery and at every follow up visit (6, 9, 12, 18, 24, 36, 48, 60 months post registration); 5. Disease free survival, this will be assessed at every chemotherapy visit, radiotherapy planning, radiotherapy, surgery and at every follow up visit (6, 9, 12, 18, 24, 36, 48, 60 months post registration); 6. Safety and tolerability as assessed by NCI CTC 4.03, this will be assessed at every chemotherapy visit, radiotherapy planning, radiotherapy, surgery and at every follow up visit (6, 9, 12, 18, 24, 36, 48, 60 months post registration); 7. Neurotoxicity as assessed by GOG NTx4, this will be assessed montlhy while on chemotherapy, prior to surgery and at follow‐up visits; 8. Quality of life as assessed by EORTC QLQ‐C30 version 3 and the pancreatic‐specific QLQ‐PAN26 QOL module, this will be assessed montlhy while on chemotherapy, prior to surgery and at follow‐up visits INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Patient has provided written informed consent and is registered to the PRECISION PANC master protocol 2. Signed informed consent given for PRIMUS 002 study 3. Age = 16 years 4. Resectable or borderline resectable pancreatic cancer as defined by RECIST v1.1 criteria following discussion at the MDT 5. Measurable Disease as per RECIST 1.1 6. Histological or cytologically proven pancreatic ductal adenocarcinome (including variants) 7. Able to undergo biliary drainage using a covered or partially covered self‐expanding metal stent if jaundiced 8. ECOG performance status 0 and 1 9. Adequate liver/bone marrow function as defined by: 9.1. Neutrophils = 1.5 x 109/l 9.2. Platelets = 100 x 109/l 9.3. Haemoglobin = 9.0g/dL 9.4. WBC = 3 x 109/l 9.5. Total bilirubin = 1.5 x institutional upper limit of normal (ULN) unless bilirubin rise is due to Gilbert’s syndrome 9.6. Aspartate transaminase (AST) and alanine aminotransferase (ALT) =
The phaseI,II study of neoadjuvant chemotherapy of gemcitabine+nab-paclitaxel+S-1 for patients with locally-advanced pancreatic cancer; INTERVENTION: gemcitabine+nab‐paclitaxel+S‐1 gemcitabine (Level I:800mg/m2) (Level II:1000mg/m2) nab‐paclitaxel (Level I:100mg/m2) (Level II:125mg/m2) S‐1 (65mg/m2) CONDITION: locally‐advanced pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: Phase I: incidence of adverse enent which apply for discontinuance criteria ; Phase II: 2 year survival rate, median survival time INCLUSION CRITERIA: (1)Histologically confirmed pancreatic cancer (2)Locally advanced pancteatic cancer on imaging examinations (3)Performance status(ECOG):0‐1 (4)Initial therapy (5)Agreement with signiture of aplicant has obtained before initiation of therapy
A randomised controlled pilot study of the efficacy of adding bevacizumab to gemcitabine as neoadjuvant treatment for locally advanced non metastatic pancreatic cancer - Neo-Avastin; INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Avastin Product Name: Avastin Pharmaceutical Form: Concentrate for solution for infusion INN or Proposed INN: Bevacizumab Concentration unit: mg/kg milligram(s)/kilogram CONDITION: locally advanced non‐metastatic pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: The primary endpoint of the study is to evaluate the complete tumour resection rate (R0) after four cycles of neoadjuvant chemotherapy with gemcitabine and bevacizumab in patients with locally advanced, non‐ metastatic pancreatic carcinoma. Primary end point(s): Secondary Objective: • To evaluate the perioperative complication rate after neodjuvant chemotherapy; • To evaluate the safety and feasibility of the regimens used; • To evaluate the overall survival for the patient population; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1.Have provided written informed consent prior to study‐specific screening procedures, with the understanding that the patient has the right to withdraw from the study at any time, without prejudice 2.Age = 18 years 3.Karnofsky Performance Status (KPS) = 60 4.Life expectancy = 8 weeks 5.Absolute neutrophil count = 1500/mm3 6.Adequate liver function: ‐ Serum (total) bilirubin = 1.5 x ULN, AST & ALT = 2.5 x ULN, Albumin = 2.5 g/dl. ‐ Alk Phos = 2.5 ULN. If Alk Phos is > 2.5 ULN, SGOT (AST) and SGPT (ALT) must be = 1.5 ULN. 7.Creatinine levels = 2mg/dl (positive urine protein dipstick of = 2+ at baseline must have = 1 g/24 hr protein) 8.Negative pregnancy test 9.Histologically or cytologically documented pancreatic cancer (adenocarcinoma) staged T4 (stage III) according to the 6th edition of the TNM classification Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes<br
Adjuvant systemic therapy for patients with germline BRCA1/2 mutations; More than 15 years ago the use of potent PARP1 inhibitors (PARPi), that both inhibit the catalytic activity of the PARP1 enzyme and trap PARP1 onto DNA, was shown to generate a “synthetic lethal” interaction with the malignant cell specific loss of function of genes crucial for homologous recombination (HR) gene function. This phenomenon has now been exploited with therapeutic intent in several contexts initially leading to approved single agent PARPi treatments for advanced forms of ovarian, prostate, pancreatic and breast cancers These approvals have in large part been associated a biomarker requirement for evidence of loss of function of HR. In the last year approval has been gained for the PARPi olaparib as a single agent adjuvant therapy in patients with germline BRCA1 or BRCA2 mutation associated HER2 negative early breast cancer following (neo)adjuvant chemotherapy based on the OlympiA trial. OlympiA restricted eligibility to patients with the germline “pathogenic” or “likely pathogenic” mutation in BRCA1 or BRCA2 but included patients with hormone receptor positive breast cancer. Since St Gallen 2021 OlympiA reported its primary analysis in June 2021 following an interim analysis showing 12 months of olaparib in the post‐(neo)adjuvant chemotherapy setting improves both invasive disease free survival (IDFS) and distant disease free survival (DDFS) by approximately 40% with highly statistically significant hazard ratios (HR) of 0.58 and 0.57 respectively that met pre‐specified early stopping boundaries. The publication of the initial results for OlympiA led to rapid updates of both genetic testing and treatment international guidelines for BRCA1 and BRCA2 mutation associated breast cancer to include use of olaparib in patients meeting the eligibility criteria for the trial. Since the IDMC driven early primary analysis was published, with median follow‐up of 2.5 years, a second pre‐planned event driven interim analysis of overall survival has been presented and published at a median follow‐up of 3.5 years. This showed significant improvement in the olaparib group relative to the placebo group [hazard ratio 0.68; 98.5% confidence interval (CI) 0.47– 0.97; P = 0.009]. Four‐year OS was 89.8% in the olaparib group and 86.4% in the placebo group (D 3.4%, 95% CI 0.1% to 6.8%). Effect sizes for the primary IDFS and secondary DDFS endpoints were maintained. Recently a number of trials have investigated PARPi in a (neo) adjuvant breast cancer treatment (NACT) setting in patients with (or enriched for) HR deficiency. These have included phase II neoadjuvant PARPi studies such as the NeoTALA study using single agent talazoparib in germline BRCA1 and BRCA2 mutation carriers and the combination chemotherapy and olaparib therapy studies GeparOLA and PARTNER, enriched for HR deficient breast cancer, that have reported important signals with regard efficacy and tolerability. A recent phase III trial analysis that has included anaylsis of BRCA1/2 mutation status has influenced recent early breast cancer treatment guidelines. The BrighTNess trial was conducted in the neoadjuvant setting. BrighTNess recruited patients with biologically heterogeneous triple negative breast cancer (TNBC) and used theweak PARP1 trapping PARPi veliparib. BrighTNess did not show convincing evidence of benefit to the addition of veliparib to standard of care in TNBC NACT but has shown the benefit to the addition of carboplatin to sequential paclitaxel‐AC NACT with significant improvements in event free survival (HR 0.57) compared to sequential paclitaxel‐AC alone. The trial did not find that the effect sizes were significantly different in those with and without germline
Analysis of patient screening in the phase III, international, randomized, open-label APACT trial; Introduction: Pancreatic cancer (PC) is associated with a poor prognosis and has the lowest survival rates among all cancers. The 5‐year survival rate is<10% for all stages of PC combined, which reflects the frequently advanced disease stage at diagnosis. In fact,< 20% of patients are candidates for resection at diagnosis. The phase III, international, open‐label, APACT trial assessed the efficacy and safety of nab‐paclitaxel plus gemcitabine vs gemcitabine alone in treatment‐naive patients with surgically resected PC. Given the low prevalence of resectable cases at diagnosis among patients with PC, we report the process for patient identification and reasons for exclusion in APACT. Methods: Patients aged ≥18 years with histologically confirmed pancreatic adenocarcinoma with macroscopic complete resection (R0 and R1) were eligible. Key inclusion criteria were an Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group performance status of 0 or 1, acceptable blood chemistry levels (absolute neutrophil count ≥1500/mm3, platelet count ≥100,000/mm 3 , hemoglobin ≥ 9 g/dL, total bilirubin ≤ upper limit of normal), PC surgical staging (T1‐3, N0‐1, M0), and a CA19‐9 level < 100 U/mL within 14 days of randomization. Patients with presence of or a history of metastatic or locally recurrent PC or those who previously received systemic treatment (including neoadjuvant) for PC were excluded. During the screening period, patients were assessed by computed tomography scan performed within 14 days before randomization. Treatment was to be started within 12 weeks following surgery. Results: Overall, 1226 patients were screened for eligibility; of these, 360 (29%) were excluded during screening. Patients may have had ≥1 reason for exclusion. Themost common reasons for exclusion were CA19‐9> 100U/mL (10%), metastatic disease (7%), unacceptable blood chemistry levels (4%), PC surgical staging of> T3 orM1(3%), and unwillingness or inability to comply with study protocol (2%). In addition, some patients (≈1% in each of the following scenarios) were excluded due to inability to adhere to study schedule and requirements, ineligible histology, significantmedical condition, unacceptable hematology parameters, another malignancy within 5 years of randomization, serious medical risk factors, or inability to start treatment within 12 weeks after surgery. Conclusion: Among patients with surgically resected PC, 29% of those screened were deemed ineligible for inclusion in the APACT trial. The screening process may have helped to identify patients who were most likely to be able to complete 6 cycles of adjuvant chemotherapy.
Study of Pembrolizumab With or Without Defactinib Following Chemotherapy as a Neoadjuvant and Adjuvant Treatment for Resectable Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma; This study will test the effectiveness (anti‐tumor activity), safety, and ability toincrease the body's immune system to fight pancreatic cancer by combining standardchemotherapy before and after surgery, with study drug PD‐1 antibody, pembrolizumab, withand without study drug, focal adhesion kinase inhibitor (FAK), defactinib, in people with"high risk" resectable (surgically removable) pancreatic cancer. The purpose of thisstudy is to evaluate if reprograming the tumor microenvironment by targeting FAKfollowing chemotherapy can potentiate anti‐programmed death‐1 (PD‐1) antibody.
Perioperative Platelet Inhibition With Acetylsalicylic Acid in Patients With Resectable Tumors of the Pancreatic Head; With few symptoms, rapid progression and early metastasis pancreatic cancer (pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma, PDAC) is the third leading cause of cancer death worldwide. In early stages of PDAC, surgical resection followed by adjuvant chemotherapy is the mainstay of treatment. Unfortunately, the majority of patients develop tumor recurrence (most frequently in the liver) despite complete resection and adjuvant treatment. This early postoperative recurrence is a result of preoperatively present, undetected micrometastases, and, most importantly, iatrogenic dissemination of circulating tumor cells (CTCs) by surgical manipulation of the tumor during resection. CTCs can be detected in the majority of PDAC patients and correlate with worse overall survival. Survival of CTCs in the hostile environment of circulation requires resistance to physical forces (i.e., turbulence, shear stress), but also immune escape mechanisms to avoid clearance by immune cells such as natural killer (NK) cells. CTCs are highly heterogeneous and, by the majority, non‐tumorigenic. The number of other nucleated blood cells such as leukocytes greatly exceeds the number of CTCs; in many solid tumors including PDAC, the average number of (detectable) CTCs is less than 10 cells / mL of whole blood. This demonstrates the inefficiency of the metastatic process, which is at least partially a result of early clearance of CTCs after entering the blood stream. After entering circulation, the first cells that CTCs come in direct contact with are platelets. This leads to activation of platelets and aggregation on the CTCs, which are thus enveloped and protected from the hostile environment in the circulation. This effect is seen in many, but not all CTCs, the underlying molecular mechanisms are currently being investigated. It is conceivable that not only shear forces and turbulence have less influence on CTCs enveloped by platelets, but also that immune cells (e.g. NK cells) in the bloodstream are less likely to detect and eliminate CTCs and therapeutic antibodies have fewer binding sites. Arguably the most decisive days in the lives of cancer patients are when they undergo surgery for tumor resection. For most solid tumors, surgery is part of all curative treatment regimens. However, the occurrence of distant metastases often brings surgery to its limits, either because not all metastatic lesions are resectable, or due to rapidly recurring metastatic disease after surgery. Many patients develop disseminated disease early after curative resection of an initially non‐metastatic tumor. There are several potential reasons behind this phenomenon, most prominently the immunosuppression resulting from major surgery and the iatrogenic dissemination of CTCs during surgery. Surgery‐related immunosuppression is addressed by continuous improvement of perioperative medicine such as prehabilitation or early recovery / fast‐track programs as well as minimally invasive surgical procedures, whenever possible. However, only few measures have been taken so far to reduce iatrogenic dissemination of tumor cells during PDAC surgery. During cancer surgery, the tumor is inevitably touched, manipulated or even squeezed as it has to be mobilized from its surroundings while limiting the damage to neighboring structures. This manipulation of the tumor leads to iatrogenic CTC dissemination. The only clinically used measure to reduce tumor cell dissemination during surgery is currently an early ligation of tumor‐draining veins prior to manipulation and mobilization of the tumor mass. This method can only be employed in tumor entities that are drained by one or few well‐defined veins such as lung cancer or colorectal cancer, in which this method is successfully applied. In other tumors, which are drained by multiple small and/or initially inaccessible vessels (e.g., hepatic tumors) or in which the tumor‐draining vein cannot be occluded for prolonged periods of time (e.g., the portal vein draining tumors of the pancreatic head), this "vein first" or "no touch" approach is not applicable. Since especially in pancreatic tumors, hepatic recurrence often occurs after curative resection and inevitably leads to the death of the patient, this represents a major clinical problem. Approximately 5% of cancer patients are on permanent medication with platelet inhibition (PI), most prominently acetylsalicylic acid (ASA, aspirin) for a cardiac indication. ASA is usually taken orally at a dosage of 100 mg once a day and several studies and meta‐analyses have shown that perioperative ASA intake at this standard dosage leads only to a slightly increased risk of bleeding. Therefore, platelet aggregation inhibition with aspirin alone is continued perioperatively nowadays and is classified as safe. ASA medication leads to increased overall survival in several cancer entities. A meta‐analysis of 22 studies evaluating survival of colorectal cancer patients in dependence of ASA treatment revealed a significant survival advantage for patients with continuous ASA treatment in comparison with patients who did not take ASA or terminated ASA intake prior to or at the time point of tumor diagnosis. So far, despite ample preclinical evidence, only few clinical studies have investigated the effect of ASA treatment on PDAC. Recently published, retrospective data indicates a significantly improved survival after curative resection of PDAC for patients with perioperative low‐dose ASA medication, which is directly attributable to a reduced postoperative incidence of distant metastases. A preliminary meta‐analysis (incorporating a second study investigating ASA treatment in PDAC) confirms the significantly improved disease‐free survival after resection of PDAC in patients under permanent platelet inhibition with ASA. There is also evidence of a reduced incidence of distant metastases under ASA treatment in other tumor entities. The investigators hypothesize that the reason for the reduced incidence of distant metastases achieved by ASA is the inhibited platelet‐mediated protection of CTCs. In conclusion, perioperative platelet inhibition with ASA may drastically reduce the postoperative incidence of hematogenous metastases with very low toxicity and risk to the patients with PDAC. Despite this favorable benefit‐risk ratio, no prospective, randomized‐controlled trials investigating this treatment have been conducted. As a result and despite its potential benefits, perioperative ASA treatment in patients undergoing resection of the pancreatic head for malignant indications is currently not generally recommended. The aim of this multicentric randomized‐controlled trial is therefore to investigate the impact of perioperative ASA treatment on the occurrence of hematogenous metastases, survival and perioperative complications in patients undergoing pancreatic head resection (pylorus‐preserving pancreaticoduodenectomy / Traverso‐Longmire procedure) for PDAC.
High thromboembolic event rate in patients with locally advanced oesophageal cancer during neoadjuvant therapy. An exploratory analysis of the prospective, randomised intergroup phase III trial SAKK 75/08; BACKGROUND: High rates of venous thromboembolic events (VTEs), mainly in advanced disease, are reported for patients with cancer of the upper gastrointestinal tract (stomach, pancreas) and for treatment with cisplatin. METHOD(S): Exploratory analysis of VTEs reported as adverse events and serious adverse events in a prospective, randomised, multicentre, multimodal phase III trial according to VTEs reported as adverse events and severe adverse events. Patients with resectable oesophageal cancer (T2N1‐3, T3‐4aNx) were randomized to 2cycles of chemotherapy with docetaxel 75mg/m2, cisplatin 75mg/m2 followed by chemo‐radiotherapy (CRT) and subsequent surgery (control arm) or the same treatment with addition of cetuximab (investigational arm). RESULT(S): VTEs occurred in 26 of 300 patients included in the trial, resulting in an incidence rate (IR) of 8.7% [95% CI 5.7‐12.4%]. A total of 29 VTEs were reported:13 (45%) VTEs were grade 2, 13 (45%) grade 3 and three (10%) fatal grade 5 events. 72% (21/29) of all VTEs occurred preoperatively (IR 6.7%): 14% (4/29) during chemotherapy and 59% (17/29) during CRT. In multivariable logistic regression only adenocarcinoma (IR 11.1%, 21/189 patients) compared to squamous cell cancer (IR 4.5%, 5/111 patients) was significantly associated with VTE‐risk during treatment, OR 2.9 [95%CI 1.0‐8.4], p=0.046. Baseline Khorana risk score was 0 in 73% (19/26), 1‐2 in 23% (6/26) and 3 in only 4% (1/26) of patients with VTEs. CONCLUSION(S): A high incidence of VTEs during preoperative therapy of resectable oesophageal cancer is observed in this analysis, especially in patients with adenocarcinoma. The role of prophylactic anticoagulation during neoadjuvant therapy in resectable esophageal cancer should be further evaluated in prospective clinical trials. According to our data, which are in line with other analysis of VTE‐risk in patients with oesophageal cancer patients treated with neoadjuvant cisplatin‐based chemotherapy and CRT, prophylactic anticoagluation could be considered balanced against individual bleeding risks, especially in patients with adenocarcinoma. In addition to the established risk factors, oesophageal adenocarcinoma treated with neoadjuvant cisplatin‐based therapy may be regarded as a high‐risk situation for VTEs. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Registered at clinicaltrials.gov, NCT01107639, on 21 April 2010.
ESMO 16th World Congress on Gastrointestinal Cancer; The proceedings contain 247 papers. The topics discussed include: effect of MIIP/IIP45 re‐expression by gene transfection on the invasion and metastasis of gastric carcinomacells in vitro; the evaluation of cellular and humoral immunity characteristics in gastrointestinal and hepatocellular cancers; effect on the proliferation, invasion and metastasis of gastric cancer cells transfected by metastasis suppressor gene kiss‐1 in vivo; clinicopathological significance of expression of beclin1 and P62 in gastric cancer; integrin expression in gastric cancer impacting tumor progression and treatment; prognosis model for overall survival in locally advanced pancreatic cancer (LAPC): an ancillary study of the LAP 07 trial; subgroup analyses in RAS mutant, BRAF mutant and 'ALLWT' metastatic colorectal cancer patients treated with folfoxiri plus bevacizumab (BEV) or folfiri plus BEV in the tribe study; Axe Beam: neo‐adjuvant triplet versus doublet therapy with radiation and total mesorectal excision for locally advanced rectal cancer ‐ a randomized phase ii study at the end of recruitment; phase I study of the nvestigational anti‐guanylyl cyclase c (GCC) antibody‐drug conjugate (ADC) MLN0264 in adult patients with advanced gastrointestinal malignancies expressing GCC; and RTOG 0436: a phase iii trial of cisplatin, paclitaxel and radiation with or without cetuximab in the nonoperative treatment of esophageal cancer.
Assessment of Response to Neoadjuvant Therapy Using CT Texture Analysis in Patients With Resectable and Borderline Resectable Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma; OBJECTIVE. The goal of this study was to assess the correlation between CT‐derived texture features of pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) and histologic and biochemical markers of response to neoadjuvant treatment as well as disease‐free survival in patients with potentially resectable PDAC. SUBJECTS AND METHODS. Thirty‐nine patients completed this prospective study protocol between November 2013 and December 2016. All patients received neoadjuvant chemotherapy, underwent surgical resection, and had histologic grading of tumor response. Similar CT protocol was used for all patients. Pancreatic (late arterial) phase of pre‐ and posttreatment CT scans were evaluated. Histogram analysis and spatial‐band‐pass filtration were used to extract textural features. Correlation between textural parameters, histologic response, biochemical response, and genetic mutations was assessed using Mann‐Whitney test, chi‐square analysis, and multivariate logistic regression. Association with disease‐free survival was assessed using Kaplan‐Meier method and Cox model. RESULTS. Pretreatment mean positive pixel (MPP) at fine‐ and medium‐level filtration, pretreatment kurtosis at medium‐level filtration, changes in kurtosis, and pretreatment tumor SD were statistically different between patients with no or poor histologic response and favorable histologic response (p < 0.05). Changes in skewness and kurtosis at medium‐level filtration significantly correlated with biochemical response (p < 0.01). On the basis of multivariate analysis, patients with higher MPP at pretreatment CT were more likely to have favorable histologic response (odds ratio, 1.06; 95% CI, 1.002‐1.12). The Cox model for association between textural features and disease‐free survival was statistically significant (p = 0.001). CONCLUSION. Textural features extracted from baseline pancreatic phase CT imaging of patients with potentially resectable PDAC and longitudinal changes in tumor heterogeneity can be used as biomarkers for predicting histologic response to neoadjuvant chemotherapy and disease‐free survival.
Adherence to a combined exercise and dietary intervention in patients with gastrointestinal cancer undergoing neo-adjuvant therapy; Rationale: Intervention programs in cancer patients have been proposed with the aim of increasing tolerance and decreasing toxicity of treatments. The purpose of this study was to study the adherence of gastrointestinal cancer patients to a Combined Exercise and Dietary Intervention (CEDI) during neoadjuvant chemotherapy. Methods: Open label randomized controlled trial, conducted from April 2018 to November 2019. The intervention group received individualized combined exercise intervention, with dietary counseling and one oral nutritional supplement per day (CEDI). Demographic data and clinical data were retrieved from electronic records. Nutritional Assessment was conducted with anthropometric and bioelectrical impedance measures, and the Patient Generated Subjective Global Assessment. Performance status was assessed using Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group scale and handgrip strength was measured. Quality of life was evaluated with the European Organization for the Research and Treatment of Cancer (EORTC) QLQ‐ C30 questionnaire. Serum C‐Reactive Protein (CRP), albumin and total proteins were recorded. All assessments were conducted at baseline and after 8 weeks. In order to address patients adherence to CEDI, the number of patients that accepted to participate and that adhered to the oral nutritional supplements and exercise was recorded. Results: Patients (n=40) were randomly allocated to intervention or controlled arm (20 patients per group), two patients refused CEDI. 28 (73.7%) were male, with median age of 63.4 (IQR:12); 8 (21.1%) and 30 (78,9%) had disease stage II and III, respectively. Disease location was as follows: 3 (7.9%) esophagus, 17 (44.7 %) gastric, 5 (13.2%) pancreas and 13 ( 34.2%) rectum. All patients underwent neoadjuvant treatment, that varied according to disease location, and consisted of chemotherapy or chemo and radiotherapy. A total of 29 patients have completed the study follow up. Patients were well matched in regard to all analyzed variables except for ECOG scale (intervention‐ ECOG 0: 8 (38.9%), ECOG 1: 8 (44.4%) ECOG 2: 2 (16.7%) vs. control: ‐ ECOG 0: 12 (57.9%), ECOG 1: 2 (10.5%) ECOG 2: 6(31.6%). At first 18/20 (89.5%) of patients accepted to participate in CEDI, but 1 patient dropped out on the second week of follow up. In general 12/17 (70.6%) adhered to nutrition supplementation (one supplement per day was prescribed, and supplement intake ≥ 4 weeks was considered acceptable) and 11/17 (64.7%) to exercise program. Although no statistically significant association was found between disease site, gastric cancer patients had a higher adherence to oral nutritional supplements and exercise. Patients in the intervention arm were able to maintain weight and waist circumference during neoadjuvant therapy, in contrast to patients in the control arm who lost a mean weight of 3.34kg (3.34±5.89 vs. 0.59±2.30, p=0.03) and waist circumference of 4.2 cm (1.66±3.98 vs. ‐4.2±6.61, p=0.012). Although no differences between study groups was found for bioelectrical impedance measurements, phase angle reduced significantly in the control arm (baseline: 6.11±0.76 vs. 8 weeks: 5.29 ±1.29, p=0.004). Functional domain from the quality of life questionnaire only improved significantly for the intervention arm (baseline: 74.73± 18.63 vs. 8 weeks: 84.97±10.23, p=0.017). Conclusion: This study has demonstrated that a Combined Exercise and Dietary Intervention (CEDI) is feasible in patients with gastrointestinal cancer under neoadjuvant therapy. Further efforts should be conducted in order to maximize patient’s adherence. Disclosure of Interest: None declared
Randomized phase II/III trial of neoadjuvant chemotherapy with gemcitabine and S-1 versus upfront surgery for resectable pancreatic cancer (Prep-02/JSAP05); A randomized, controlled trial has begun to compare neoadjuvant chemotherapy using gemcitabine and S‐1 with upfront surgery for patients planned resection of pancreatic cancer. Patients were enrolled after the diagnosis of resectable or borderline resectable by portal vein involvement pancreatic cancer with histological confirmation. They were randomly assigned to either neoadjuvant chemotherapy or upfront surgery. Adjuvant chemotherapy using S‐1 was administered for 6 months to patients with curative resection who fully recovered within 10 weeks after surgery in both arms. The primary endpoint is overall survival; secondary endpoints include adverse events, resection rate, recurrence‐free survival, residual tumor status, nodal metastases and tumor marker kinetics. The target sample size was required to be at least 163 (alpha‐error 0.05; power 0.8) in both arms. A total of 360 patients were required after considering ineligible cases. This trial began in January 2013 and was registered with the UMIN Clinical Trials Registry (UMIN000009634).
Adjuvant and systemic treatment of advanced cholangiocarcinoma; Surgery with complete tumour resection offers the only chance of longterm survival for patients with hilar and intra‐hepatic cholangiocarcinomas. The use of adjuvant therapy varies widely, depending on institutional preference. A number of published case series and retrospective studies exist; however there is only one prospective randomised phase III study available to date (Takada et al, Cancer 2002). In this study, patients with cholangiocarcinomas and cancers of the gallbladder, ampulla or pancreas were randomised to post‐op adjuvant mitomycin‐C and 5‐fluorouracil (5‐FU) chemotherapy or surgery alone. An improvement in disease‐free survival and 5‐year survival was seen only amongst the 112 patients with gallbladder cancer (26% vs. 14.4% respectively, p = 0.0367) and not in other subgroups. Two ongoing phase III studies will determine the role of capecitabine (NCT00363584) or gemcitabine and oxaliplatin (NCT01313377) versus surgery alone in patients with resected biliary tract cancers. Unfortunately, most patients present with inoperable or recurrent disease and significant co‐morbidity, advanced age, sepsis usually co‐exist. A number of phase III studies have demonstrated a survival advantage of chemotherapy over supportive care alone using different regimens including 5‐FU, etoposide leucovorin (FELV) (Glimelius et al. Ann Oncol 1996), 5‐FU, doxorubicin and mitomycin‐C (FAM) (Takada et al. Hepatogastroenterology 1998) and either 5‐FU or the gemcitabine/ oxaliplatin combination (Dwary et al. J Clin Oncol 2010). In the largest study to date, for patients with a good performance score, the randomised phase III ABC‐02 study has established systemic chemotherapy with cisplatin and gemcitabine as a bench‐mark for future studies with a median progression‐free time of 8 months and median survival of 11.7 months (Valle et al. NEJM 2010), significantly better than gemcitabine monotherapy. Very similar outcomes were observed in a similar Japanese study (Okusaka et al. Br J Cancer 2010). However, whilst statistically and clinically significant, these gains are modest and these studies serve only as a foundation on which to develop further treatments. Advanced biliary tract cancer is relatively chemotherapy‐sensitive and further chemotherapy studies are underway to expand chemotherapy options. Attention has also turned to the targeting of cellular pathways pivotal to tumorigenesis including epithelial growth factor receptor (EGFR‐), vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF‐) and mitogen‐activated protein kinase (MEK‐) inhibition, amongst others; no practice‐changing phase III studies have yet been reported. Investigators continue to gain a better understanding of the underlying processes in the development and establishment of biliary tract cancers and the effect of targeting one or more of these cellular pathways. Identification of particularly active regimens will also lead to adjuvant and neo‐adjuvant studies which are likely to have the greatest impact on patient survival.
Prospective multicenter study regarding the efficacy of Gemcitabine (gemzar) plus nab-Paclitaxel (Abraxane) regimen for locally advanced pancreatic cancer; INTERVENTION: Gemcitabine + nab‐Paclitaxel regimen (Gemcitabine 1000mg/m2 nab‐Panclitaxicel 125mg/2: day1,8,15 28day/course:2‐4 course) and operation CONDITION: pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: R0 resection rate SECONDARY OUTCOME: QOL assessment, Effectiveness of preoperative chemotherapy, pathological response rate, incidence rate of adverse events, relative dose intensity INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1) Histologically confirmed adenocarcinoma or adenosquamous carcinoma 2) BR‐A pancreatic cancer 3) With measurable lesion(s) 4) Without distant metastasis 5) Without any further treatment for pancreatic cancer 6) Age more than 20 or less than 75 7)ECOG Performance Status 0‐1 8) Without history of chemotherapy or radiotherapy 9)Adequate organ function 10) Sensory/motor neuropathy: None or Grade 1 11) Written informed consent
Evaluation of Efficacy and Safety of Neoadjuvant Treatment With Pamrevlumab in Combination With Chemotherapy (Either Gemcitabine Plus Nab-paclitaxel or FOLFIRINOX) in Participants With Locally Advanced, Unresectable Pancreatic Cancer; Participants will be randomized in a 1:1 ratio to one of the two study treatment arms;pamrevlumab with either G/NP or FOLFIRINOX, placebo with G/NP or FOLFIRINOX.Each participant may receive up to 6 cycles of treatment (each treatment cycle is 28days). Tumor tissue will be collected during resection to determine surgical outcome andfor biomarker analysis. Tumor response will be evaluated by changes in CT scan, FDG‐PET,CA 19‐9, and NCCN® guidelines.All participants randomized will have a safety follow‐up visit approximately 28 daysafter the last dose of study treatment and a final safety follow‐up phone call atapproximately 60 days after the last dose.Participants who complete study treatment will be evaluated for surgical exploration forpossible R0 or R1 resection. Surgery will occur at least 4 weeks after the last dose(allowing for a wash‐out period from treatment) and only after receipt of therecommendation from the central review board with regards to surgical eligibility.Surgery will occur no longer than 8 weeks after the last dose. Participants who undergosurgery will be evaluated for surgical complications for at least an additional 90 daysfollowing discharge from surgery.Participants who are ineligible for surgical exploration (i.e. participants who did notcomplete study treatment or do not meet any of the protocol defined criteria or had acontraindication to surgery) will continue in the Follow‐up period and receive treatmentas per standard of care (SOC) for each institution.All participants will be followed for disease progression (if not previously detected) orrecurrence following resection (local progression or metastatic disease). Participantswill also be followed for any additional anti‐cancer therapy received for theirpancreatic cancer. All participants will be followed for survival (until death) or untilthe last participant to complete treatment reaches 18 months post‐treatment.
Phase II study of Gemcitabine plus alternate-day administrations of S-1 in patients with unresectable advanced pancreatic cancer; INTERVENTION: GEM 1,000mg/m2 day1 TS‐1 50‐120mg/day alternate‐day (Mondays, Wednesdays, Fridays and Sundays) q2W CONDITION: pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: Response Rate SECONDARY OUTCOME: Overall Survival; Progression‐free Survival; Disease Control Rate; Safety INCLUSION CRITERIA: (1)Either histologically or cytologically confirmed adenocarcinoma and adenosquamous carcinoma. Or radiologically confirmed pancreatic cancer. (2)Unresectable pancreatic cancer (including locally advanced or metastatic pancreatic cancer). (3)Patients with no previous treatment (radiotherapy, chemotherapy etc) for pancreatic cancer, except resection. Palliative bypass operation and biliary stent will be permitted. Intra‐operative radiotherapy during resection of pancreatic cancer will be permitted, although registration must be done at least 4 weeks after the radiotherapy. Patients who have undergone preoperative/postoperative adjuvant chemotherapy can be enrolled if relapse is diagnosed beyond 24 weeks (168days) after the final administration. (4)Patients with measurable lesions (5)Age of 20 years or older. (6)ECOG Performance Status (PS) of 0 or 1. (7)Adequate major organ functions within 14 days before registration, as defined belo
P01 - A prospective, randomized, multicenter trial of additional radiochemotherapy to neoadjuvant chemotherapy in patients with locally advanced pancreatic adenocarcinoma; INTERVENTION: Product Name: Gemcitabine Pharmaceutical Form: Powder for solution for infusion INN or Proposed INN: GEMCITABINE CAS Number: 95058‐81‐4 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 200‐ Product Name: Oxaliplatin Pharmaceutical Form: Powder for solution for infusion INN or Proposed INN: OXALIPLATIN CAS Number: 61825‐94‐3 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 5‐ CONDITION: locally advanced pancreatic adenocarcinoma ; MedDRA version: 14.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10051971 Term: Pancreatic adenocarcinoma System Organ Class: 100000004864 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Cancer [C04] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To demonstrate that in patients suffering from locally advanced PDAC, the addition of radiochemotherapy to standard neoadjuvant chemotherapy is superior to chemotherapy alone with respect to R0 resection rate. Primary end point(s): Histological R0 resection rate in the intention to treat group. Secondary Objective: To demonstrate superior efficacy of radiochemotherapy to neoadjuvant chemotherapy with respect to; • Tumor response according to RECIST criteria; • Progression‐ (PFS) and/or disease‐free survival (DFS) and overall survival (OS); • Toxicity according to NCI CTCAE v.4.0; • Perioperative complications; • Radiochemotherapy quality assurance (adherence to protocol) ; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Evaluation after neoadjuvant treatment and surgery. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): • Tumor response measured by RECIST criteria ; • Histo‐pathological tumor response with respect to proportion of severely degenerative cancer cells ; • DFS as time from surgery to PDAC recurrence in R0 patients ; • PFS as time from randomization until disease progression ; • OS as time from randomization to death from any cause ; • occurrence of treatment related toxicities ; • perioperative complications classified according to Clavien and Dindo (see appendix 8) ; • total duration and interruptions of radiochemotherapy, total dose of the radiotherapy and administration of concomitant chemotherapy during radiotherapy ; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: • Tumor response, histo‐pathological tumor response, perioperative complications: Evaluation after neoadjuvant treatment and surgery. ; • DFS, PFS and OS: Evaluation after last patient had the last follow‐up visit INCLUSION CRITERIA: • Patients with histologically proven PDAC, classified as locally advanced disease, borderline resectable, if one or more of the following criteria are detectable: o Tumor‐associated deformity of the superior mesenteric vein (SMV) or portal vein (PV) o Abutment of the SMV or PV = 180° o Short‐segment occlusion of the SMV or PV amenable to resection and venous reconstruction o Short‐segment involvement of the hepatic artery (HA) or its branches amenable to resection and reconstruction o Abutment of the superior mesenteric artery (SMA) =180° • Patients scheduled for neoadjuvant treatment by the interdisciplinary tumour board • Radiologically determinable disease defined by RECIST version 1.1 within 4 weeks prior to randomization • Patients with suspicious peripancreatic lymph nodes at initial staging, accessible by surgery are included in the study • ECOG performance status =1 (see Appendix 4) or Karnofsky =70% • Adequat
A feasibility study of TS-1 schedule modification in elderly patients with metastatic and locally advanced pancreatic cancer; INTERVENTION: TS‐1 was administered orally at 40 mg/m2 twice daily for 28 days with a rest period of 14 days as one course. When it corresponds to administration change criteria, TS‐1 was administered orally at 40 mg/m2 twice daily for 5 days with a rest period of 2 days. CONDITION: Metastatic or locally advanced pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: Administration Rate of TS‐1 SECONDARY OUTCOME: Response rate(RR), Disease control rate(DCR), Progression‐free survival(PFS), Overall survival(OS), Time to treatment failure(TTF), Adverse event, Receive rate of the 2nd line treatment, Clinical benefit response(CBR), QOL(EQ‐5D) INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1) Pancreatic carcinoma histologically determined to be adenocarcinoma or adenosquamous carcinoma. 2) Advanced unresectable pancreatic (including pancreatic cancer with local progression and recurrent pancreatic cancer). Presence/absence of measurable lesions is not considered. Patients with measurable lesions must undergo diagnostic imaging tests within 28 days before registration. 3) Patients with no previous treatment (radiotherapy, chemotherapy etc) for pancreatic cancer, except resection. Intra‐operative radiotherapy during resection of pancreatic cancer will be permitted, although registration must occur at least 4 weeks after the radiotherapy. Patients that have undergone preoperative/postoperative adjuvant chemotherapy may be enrolled if relapse is diagnosed beyond week 24 after the final administration (on day 169 when the day following the final day is set as day 1). 4) Age: 75 years or older. 5) ECOG Performance Status (PS) of 2. 6) Suf
A feasibility study of TS-1 schedule modification in patients with metastatic and locally advanced pancreatic cancer; INTERVENTION: TS‐1 was administered orally at 40 mg/m2 twice daily for 28 days with a rest period of 14 days as one course. When it corresponds to administration change criteria, TS‐1 was administered orally at 40 mg/m2 twice daily for 5 days with a rest period of 2 days. CONDITION: Metastatic or locally advanced pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: Administration Rate of TS‐1 SECONDARY OUTCOME: Response rate(RR), Disease control rate(DCR), Progression‐free survival(PFS), Overall survival(OS), Time to treatment failure(TTF), Adverse event, Receive rate of the 2nd line treatment, Clinical benefit response(CBR), QOL(EQ‐5D) INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1) Pancreatic carcinoma histologically determined to be adenocarcinoma or adenosquamous carcinoma. 2) Advanced unresectable pancreatic (including pancreatic cancer with local progression and recurrent pancreatic cancer). Presence/absence of measurable lesions is not considered. Patients with measurable lesions must undergo diagnostic imaging tests within 28 days before registration. 3) Patients with no previous treatment (radiotherapy, chemotherapy etc) for pancreatic cancer, except resection. Intra‐operative radiotherapy during resection of pancreatic cancer will be permitted, although registration must occur at least 4 weeks after the radiotherapy. Patients that have undergone preoperative/postoperative adjuvant chemotherapy may be enrolled if relapse is diagnosed beyond week 24 after the final administration (on day 169 when the day following the final day is set as day 1). 4) Age: 20 years to 74 years. 5) ECOG Performance Status (PS) of 0 or 1.<b
Results of a Randomized Clinical Study of Gemcitabine Plus Nab-Paclitaxel Versus Gemcitabine Plus S-1 as Neoadjuvant Chemotherapy for Resectable and Borderline Resectable Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma (RCT, CSGO-HBP-015); Background: The optimal neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NAC) regimen for patients with localized pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) remains uncertain. This trial aimed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of two neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NAC) regimens, gemcitabine plus nab‐paclitaxel (GA) and gemcitabine plus S‐1 (GS), in patients with resectable/borderline‐resectable (R/BR) PDAC. Patients and Methods: Treatment‐naïve patients with R/BR‐PDAC were enrolled and randomly allocated. They received two cycles (2 months) of each standard protocol, followed by radical surgery for those without tumor progression in general hospitals belonging to our intergroup. The primary endpoint was to determine the superior regimen on the basis of achieving a 10% increase in the rate of patients with progression‐free survival (PFS) at 2 years from allocation. Results: A total of 100 patients were enrolled, with 94 patients randomly assigned to the GS arm (N = 46) or GA arm (N = 48). The 2‐year PFS rates did not show the stipulated difference [GA, 31% (24–38%)/GS, 26% (18–33%)], but the Kaplan–Myer analysis showed significance (median PFS, GA/GS 14 months/9 months, P = 0.048; HR 0.71). Secondary endpoint comparisons yielded the following results (GA/GS arm, P‐value): rates of severe adverse events during NAC, 73%/78%, P = 0.55; completion rates of the stipulated NAC, 92%/83%, P = 0.71; resection rates, 85%/72%, P = 0.10; average tumor marker (CA19‐9) reduction rates, −50%/−21%, P = 0.01; average numbers of lymph node metastasis, 1.7/3.2, P = 0.04; and median overall survival times, 42/22 months, P = 0.26. Conclusions: This study found that GA and GS are viable neoadjuvant treatment regimens in R/BR‐PDAC. Although the GA group exhibited a favorable PFS outcome, the primary endpoint was not achieved.
Neoadjuvant immunotherapy in breast cancer: a paradigm shift?; Despite advances in clinical management, a proportion of patients with early‐stage triple‐negative breast cancer (TNBC) recur after local treatment. The concept of neoadjuvant systemic therapy has been widely adopted to improve clinical outcomes of patients with TNBC and other breast tumour types. Recently, promising data were reported from the first prospective phase III, randomised trial assessing neoadjuvant chemotherapy combined with the programmed cell death protein 1 (PD‐1) inhibitor pembrolizumab versus placebo in patients with early‐stage TNBC. The addition of pembrolizumab resulted in a significant increase in pathologic complete response (pCR) rates. Similarly, in the IMpassion031 trial, the use of atezolizumab in combination with neoadjuvant chemotherapy in patients with early‐stage TNBC led to improved pCR rates compared to placebo, regardless of programmed death ligand 1 (PD‐L1) expression. Ongoing trials are testing other PD‐1/PD‐L1 inhibitors in combination with neoadjuvant chemotherapy in TNBC and other tumour subtypes. However, not all patients benefit from the addition of immunotherapy, while a proportion of patients experiences serious adverse events. It is critical to identify predictive biomarkers of response, to accurately select patients who will benefit from immunotherapy, thus sparing the rest from ineffective treatments with unnecessary toxicity and treatment costs. In this review, we summarise the literature on reported and ongoing neoadjuvant clinical trials evaluating immunotherapy in breast cancer.
Effect of a metal stent on patients with pancreatic cancer; INTERVENTION: Selection of uncovered/partially covered stent CONDITION: Pancreatic cancer, obstructive jaundice ; Pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: Biliary event rate until surg ery after stenting SECONDARY OUTCOME: (1) curative resection rate; (2)Time to Recurrent biliary obstruction; (3)Chemotherapy accompish/delay/discontinuat; ion; (4)Other stent‐related adverse events; (5)Frequency and severity of adverse events after; curative surg ery INCLUSION CRITERIA: Pancreatic cancer patients with jaundice schedul ed for neoadjuvant chemo‐/chemoradiotherapy
Phase II study of surgical resection following neoadjuvant chemoradiation using Gemcitibine and TS-1 in patients with potentially and borderline resectable pancreatic cancer; INTERVENTION: To investigate the frequency of histological curative resection following chemoradiation using Gemcitabine and TS‐1in patients with potentially resectable pancreatic cancer CONDITION: potentially and borderline resectable pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: frequency of radical resection (R0) INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1.Patients with Histo‐cytologically confirmed pancreatic cancer 2.Patients who have not undergone chemo and/or radiotherapy 3.Patients with radiologically defined patentially resectable pancreatic cancer 4.Patients with no metastatic disease confirmed by staging laparoscopy 5.Patients with Performance status of 0/1 6.Patients with sustained organ function 7.Patients with potentially resectable pancreatic cancer by CT following neoadjuvant chemoradiation 8.Patients who received informed consent
Effects of TS-1 and heparin-based chemoradiation combined with MMC, CDDP as the neoadjuvant therapy on the patients with the potentially resectable pancreatic cancer; INTERVENTION: with neoadjuvant therapy of TS‐1 and heparin‐based chemoradiation before surgery with adjuvant therapy other than TS‐1 and heparin‐based chemoradiation during the prioperative period CONDITION: potentially resectable pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: overall survival INCLUSION CRITERIA: T3 or T4 potentially resectable pancreatic cancer
Randomized Phase 3 Trial Comparing Upfront Surgery versus Neoadjuvant modified FOLFIRINOX in Patients with Resectable Pancreatic Cancer; INTERVENTION: Drug : Eligible participants will be stratified base on tumor location (pancreatic head vs pancreatic body/tail) and randomly assigned in a 1:1 ratio to one of two arm as follows. ‐ Arm A : modified FOLFIRINOX Q2W x 8 cycles as neoadjuvant chemotherapy before surgery. After surgery, modified FOLFIRINOX x 4 cycles as adjuvant chemotherapy. ‐ Arm B : Adjuvant chemotherapy 12 cycle after immediate surgery.( modified FOLFIRINOX Q2W x 12cycle) mFOLFIRINOX is used at the dose and schedule normally used for the Arm A and Arm B. 85 mg/m2 of oxaliplatin, 400 mg/m2 of folinic acid, and 150 mg/m2 of irinotecan are infused on the first day, and 5‐FU 2,400 mg/m2 is continuously infused from the first day to the second day. CONDITION: Neoplasms PRIMARY OUTCOME: Event‐Free Survival SECONDARY OUTCOME: Overall Survival toxicity(safety) profiles by NCI‐CTCAE v5 INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. The subject may provide signed subject consent, including compliance with the requirements and restrictions described in the Informed Consent Form (ICF) and this clinical trial protocol. 2. From at least 19 years of age inclusive, at study entry. 3. Has cytological or histological confirmed diagnosis of pancreatic cancer. 4. participant with resectable pancreatic cancer according to NCCN criteria without prior chemotherapy (determined by CT, MRI, or PET‐CT results, borderline resectable pancreatic cancer is not included) 5. Have a performance status of 0 or 1 on the ECOG performance scale 6. weight > 30 kg 7. Normal organ and bone marrow function ‐ platelet = 100 x 109/L, Absolute neutrophil count = 1.5 x 109/L and emoglobin > 9 g/dL(Blood transfusion is allowed if it is 7 days before screening) ‐ Creatinine <1.5 x ULN ‐ Total bililubin = 2 x ULN ‐ ALT and AST = 2.5 x 8. The subject is willing and able to comply with t
Immunotherapy converts nonimmunogenic pancreatic tumors into immunogenic foci of immune regulation; Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) is considered a "nonimmunogenic" neoplasm. Single‐agent immunotherapies have failed to demonstrate significant clinical activity in PDAC and other "nonimmunogenic" tumors, in part due to a complex tumor microenvironment (TME) that provides a formidable barrier to immune infiltration and function. We designed a neoadjuvant and adjuvant clinical trial comparing an irradiated, granulocyte‐macrophage colony‐stimulating factor (GM‐CSF)‐secreting, allogeneic PDAC vaccine (GVAX) given as a single agent or in combination with low‐dose cyclophosphamide to deplete regulatory T cells (Treg) as a means to study how the TME is altered by immunotherapy. Examination of resected PDACs revealed the formation of vaccine‐induced intratumoral tertiary lymphoid aggregates in 33 of 39 patients 2 weeks after vaccine treatment. Immunohistochemical analysis showed these aggregates to be regulatory structures of adaptive immunity. Microarray analysis of microdissected aggregates identified gene‐expression signatures in five signaling pathways involved in regulating immune‐cell activation and trafficking that were associated with improved postvaccination responses. A suppressed Treg pathway and an enhanced Th17 pathway within these aggregates were associated with improved survival, enhanced postvaccination mesothelin‐specific T‐cell responses, and increased intratumoral Teff:Treg ratios. This study provides the first example of immune‐based therapy converting a "nonimmunogenic" neoplasm into an "immunogenic" neoplasm by inducing infiltration of T cells and development of tertiary lymphoid structures in the TME. Post‐GVAX T‐cell infiltration and aggregate formation resulted in the upregulation of immunosuppressive regulatory mechanisms, including the PD‐1‐PD‐L1 pathway, suggesting that patients with vaccine‐primed PDAC may be better candidates than vaccine‐naïve patients for immune checkpoint and other immunomodulatory therapies.
Clinical application of 3D bioprinted organoid drug screen in adjuvant chemotherapy of pancreatic cancer; INTERVENTION: Experimental group:?Patients receive relatively sensitive chemotherapy regimen based on the results of organoid drug screening;Control group:Chemotherapy regimens will be formulated by oncologists or pancreatic surgeons according to guidelines for pancreatic cancer and the patient's condition.; CONDITION: Pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: One‐year survival rate; SECONDARY OUTCOME: Disease‐free survival;Overall survival; INCLUSION CRITERIA: (1) Patients have good compliance, can understand the study process, and signed the written informed consent; (2) age =18 years old and =70 years old; (3) patients with a histopathological or cytological diagnosis of pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma, or a clinical diagnosis of pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma Of the patients; (4) ECOG=1; (5) predicted survival time=3 months; (6) expected radical resection of the tumor; (7) no distant metastasis; (8) no history of neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy; (9) There were no serious systemic complications.
ESMO 22nd World Congress on Gastrointestinal Cancer, 2020 Virtual - 1 - 4 July 2020; The proceedings contains 451 papers. The topics discussed include: P‐1 LINC00184 promotes the stemness and chemoresistance of gastric cancer by interacting with YAP and by promoting exosomes‐mediated macrophage M2 polarization;P‐2 An update on the trends for hepatic cancer subtypes in the Philippines, 2003‐2012: A population‐based study;P‐3 Features of metabolic profiles of blood serum and erythrocyte membranes associated with metastasis in colorectal cancer;P‐4 The relationship between quality of life, adverse events, and treatment efficacy in treatment with first‐line chemotherapy plus cetuximab for unresectable metastatic colorectal cancer: Results of phase II QUACK trial;P‐5 Economic burden of HCC and the need of innovative treatments;P‐6 Perioperative FLOT: Tolerability, pathological response rates, and the role of adjuvant phase;P‐7 Induction chemotherapy in locally advanced rectal cancer: Retrospective report of efficacy and safety in an Argentinean university institution, a feasibility perspective;P‐8 Risk factors of severe gastric dysplasia and gastric cancer in rural areas of China among individuals at high‐risk: A population‐based, cross‐sectional study;P‐9 A randomized study of panitumumab plus mFOLFOX6 compared with bevacizumab plus mFOLFOX6 as first‐line treatment for unresectable metastatic colorectal cancer;P‐10 Epidemiological and histopathological review of colorectal cancer in Tunisia;P‐11 Impact of preoperative and postoperative variation of CEA in predicting nonmetastatic colorectal cancer recurrence;P‐12 A descriptive analysis of patient characteristics from Russian internet postings focused on CRC (iPatient study);P‐13 Current and expected future profile changes of gastric and pancreatic cancer patients at presentation;P‐14 Dose escalated short‐course radiotherapy in rectal cancers: Is this the way forward?;P‐15 Combined gastrectomies: Survival outcomes in patients with locally advanced gastric cancer;P‐17 Peri‐operative FLOT: West of Scotland regional experience
A randomized phase II trial of neoadjuvant chemotherapy for patients with resectable pancreatic cancer: gemcitabine alone vs. gemcitabine combined with cisplatin; Abstracts for the 40th Annual Meeting of the American Society of Clinical Oncology, New Orleans,LA, 5‐8 June, 2004 [Abstract No. 4215]
A single-center prospective randomized controlled phase II trial comparing therapeutic efficacy in resectable pancreatic cancer patients with positive circulating tumor markers with or without neoadjuvant chemotherapy; INTERVENTION: Experimental group:Neoadjuvant chemotherapy + surgery + adjuvant chemotherapy;Control group:Surgery + adjuvant chemotherapy; CONDITION: pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: Disease free survival; SECONDARY OUTCOME: Overall survival;Radical resection rate;Safety parameters; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. If the following criteria are met at the same time, the subject will enter the research cohort Voluntarily participate and sign the informed consent; 2. Aged 18 to 75 years, gender is not limited; 3. ECOG score <= 1 point; 4. Imaging assessment is resectable pancreatic cancer, serum ctDNA positive 5. Pathologically confirmed pancreatic adenocarcinoma after pancreatic puncture or surgery; 6. No distant metastasis, malignant ascites or pleural effusion before neoadjuvant chemotherapy; no tumor metastasis/recurrence lesions were found on postoperative baseline CT of chest, abdomen and pelvis; 7. Expected survival period >= 3 months; 8. No serious hematopoietic dysfunction, abnormal heart, lung, liver, kidney function and immune deficiency, laboratory test results meet the following standards: blood routine indicators: white blood cells (WBC) >= 3 X10^9/L; neutrophils Absolute cell count (ANC) >= 1.5 X10^9/L; Platelet (PLT) >= 100 X10^
A Prospective randomized multi-center study for efficacy of metallic biliary stent compared to plastic stent in patients receiving neoadjuvant chemotherapy for resectable pancreatic cancer; INTERVENTION: Procedure/Surgery : It is targeted at patients with biliary obstruction and resectable pancreatic cancer undergoing neoadjuvant chemotherapy. The study period is 24 months, and it is randomly classified into two groups. In patients with biliary obstruction, the goal is to recruit 196 patients, 98 each from the plastic stent inserted through the endoscope and from the full covered self‐expandable metal stent inserted through the endoscope. CONDITION: Neoplasms PRIMARY OUTCOME: Re‐intervention rate SECONDARY OUTCOME: Procedure related complication, Postoperative complication INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Patients aged 20 years or older who have confirmed histologically or radiologically resectable pancreatic cancer 2. Patients with clinical obstruction symptoms and radiographically confirmed biliary obstruction related to malignant tumors 3. Patients receiving neoadjuvant chemotherapy before surgery
A phase 2 study of combination neoadjuvant chemotherapy with gemcitabine S-1 and leucovorin in patients with borderline and locally advanced pancreatic cancer; INTERVENTION: GEM+S‐1+LV combination therapy GEM:1,000mg/m2, day1 S‐1:80mg/day(BSA<1.25/m2) 100mg/day(1.25/m2=<BSA<1.5/m2) 120mg/day(BSA=>1.5/m2), day1‐7 LV:50mg/day, day1‐7 repeated every 2weeks. CONDITION: Borderline and Locally advanced pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: R0 resection rate SECONDARY OUTCOME: Resection rate, Progression free survival, Overall survival, Response rate, Disease control rate, Adverse events, Intra‐operative complication, Post‐operative complication, Operative time, Postoperative length of stay INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1) Patients with pancreatic cancer without prior treatment 2) Patients with pathologically proven pancreatic cancer 3) Borderline and locally advanced pancreatic cancer 4) Without distant metastasis 5) Patients with Eastern Chemotherapy Oncology Group(ECOG) performance status of 0‐2 6) Patients of age >= 20 years 7) Patients who can eat 8) Patients have an adequate organ function defined as white cell count >= 3,000/mm3, neutophils >=1,500/mm3, platelet count >= 100,000/mm3, hemoglobin >= 9g/dl, total bilirubin <= 3 times the upper limit of normal, AST and ALT <= 5 times the upper limit of normal, creatinine <= 1.5 times the upper limit of normal 9) Estimated survival > 2months 10) Written informed consent is required from all patients.
Qingyi Huaji Recipe combined with neoadjuvant chemotherapy in the treatment of borderline resectable pancreatic cancer: a single-center, prospective, randomized controlled clinical trial; INTERVENTION: Qingyi Huaji Recipe combined with neoadjuvant chemotherapy group:Qingyi Huaji Recipe combined with neoadjuvant chemotherapy;neoadjuvant chemotherapy group:neoadjuvant chemotherapy; CONDITION: Pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: Objective response rate; SECONDARY OUTCOME: Percentage of patients with a 50% decrease in CA19‐9;Quality of life; INCLUSION CRITERIA: ? Histologically or cytologically confirmed diagnosis of pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (other types); ? Physical condition score ECOG 0 to 2; ? Pregnant patients cannot participate in this study. Women of childbearing age were tested for serum ß‐HCG. Women of childbearing age must use appropriate methods of contraception to minimize the risk of pregnancy throughout the study period and for 12 weeks after the last dose of study product; ? Patient organ function tests must meet the following laboratory parameters: neutrophils 1,500/Ul, hemoglobin > 8.0 gm/dL, platelets 100,000/uL, serum creatinine < 2.0 mg/dL, bilirubin < 1.5 mg/dL, and alanine aminotransferase < 3 times normal values; ? Age greater than 18 years; ? Expected postoperative survival = 3 months; ? Ability to comply with the study visit plan and other protocol requirements; ? Voluntary participation and signing of informed consent.
Phase II study of pre-operative chemoradiation using S-1 followed by surgical resection for potentially resectable and locally advanced pancreatic cancer; INTERVENTION: To investigate the frequency of histological (surgical) curative resection following chemoradiation using S‐1in patients with potentially resectable and locally advanced pancreatic cancer. CONDITION: Potentially resectable and locally advanced pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: Frequency of histological curative resection or surgical curative resection SECONDARY OUTCOME: Response rate of chemoradiation therapy; Grading of histological response of chemoradiation therapy; Safety of chemoradiation followed by surgical resection; Operative mortality and morbidity INCLUSION CRITERIA: Histo‐cytologically confirmed pancreatic cancer radiographically defined as potentially resectable and locally advanced
Phase II study of neo-adjuvant chemotherapy with combination therapy of gemcitabine and S-1 in patients with resectable pancreatic cancer; INTERVENTION: Gemcitabine(1000mg/m2) is given by intravenous infusion over 30 min on day1, 8. S‐1(65mg/m2) is given oral for 14 days followed by a 1‐week rest. This cycle was repeated twice. CONDITION: resectable pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: R0 resection rate SECONDARY OUTCOME: resection rate, adverse effect, completion rate, recurrence free survival, two‐year survival rate, pathological effect INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1)resectable or borderline resectable pancreatic cancer 2)sytologically or histrogically proven pancreatic invasive ductal cancer 3)all adult who anticipate to undergo pancreatectomy 4)Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group performance status of 0‐1 5)adequate oral intake 6)adequate organ function 7)written informed consent
Primary VTE prophylaxis in patients with cancer: YES? But in whom?; In patients with cancer, venous thromboembolism (VTE), a composite of deep vein thrombosis and pulmonary embolism, significantly contributes to morbidity and mortality. Epidemiological data indicates that, dependent on the clinical setting, up to 20 % of patients with solid tumors or hematological malignancies will develop VTE over the course of their treatment. Pharmacological VTE prophylaxis with low‐molecular‐ weight heparin (LMWH) is established in surgical cancer patients. LMWH prophylaxis should be commenced 2‐12 hours preoperatively and continued for at least 7‐10 days at the highest prophylactic dosage used to prevent VTE. Extended LMWH prophylaxis over 4 weeks is indicated in high‐risk procedures (e.g. major abdominal or pelvic surgery). Although not supported by robust clinical trial data, pharmacological VTE prophylaxis, preferably with LMWH or fondaparinux, is also indicated in non‐surgical cancer patients hospitalized for an acute medical illness. Studies on heterogeneous cancer patients with locally advanced or metastatic malignancies receiving ambulatory chemotherapy have indicated that LMWH prophylaxis over 3‐6 months is safe and efficacious, but absolute risk reductions of only about 2 % (with numbers needed to treat of up to 50) have prevented implementation of routine LMWH prophylaxis in this setting. Two recent placebo‐controlled studies involving cancer outpatients with an intermediate‐to‐high risk of VTE, as defined by a Khorana score of ≥ 2, indicate that prophylactic dosages of rivaroxaban (CASSINI trial) or apixaban (AVERT trial) are efficacious and reasonably safe in preventing VTE in this setting, with absolute risk reductions of 4‐6 %. However, neither of the two direct oral factor Xa inhibitors is currently approved for VTE prophylaxis outside elective hip or knee replacement surgery. Pharmacological VTE prophylaxis with LMWH, albeit at a therapeutic (FRGAEM trial) or half‐therapeutic dosage (CONKO‐004 trial), is also highly efficacious in patients with locally advanced or metastatic pancreatic cancer, but does not reduce all‐cause mortality. While patients with multiple myeloma should receive pharmacological VTE prophylaxis during treatment with thalidomide or lenalidomide in combination with chemotherapy/corticosteroids (either with LMWH or with acetylsalicylic acid or low‐dose vitamin K antagonists), prophylactic anticoagulation is not routinely indicated in patients with central venous catheters.
Preoperative PRRT Versus Surgical Cytoreduction in Metastatic Pancreatic Neuroendocrine Tumors to the Liver; Doctors and researchers leading this study hope to learn more about peptide receptorradionuclide therapy (PRRT) in combination with cytoreduction (surgically removingtumors). They hope to learn if combining PRRT in combination with cytoreduction would bemore effective than cytoreduction alone. PRRT itself is approved by the U.S. Food andDrug Administration (FDA) for people with PanNETs however the combination withcytoreduction is considered experimental.Your participation in this research will last about 2 years. The purpose of this researchis to gather information on the safety and effectiveness of PRRT.PRRT is a form of targeted treatment (think of a "lock and key") done by the use of asmall molecule (Lutathera) Lutathera acts as a "key" to "lock" onto certain areas yourtumor cells called receptors when injected into a vein and travels through thebloodstream. Lutetium‐177 is the radionuclide in Lutathera which is a chemical thatdelivers strong radiation directly into your tumor cells and works by causing death ofthe cancerous tissues.PRRT can only be done on patients who have tumors that have the somatostatin receptors.Before being given PRRT, your treating doctor will run imaging tests to make sure yourtumors have these targeted receptors. Your participation in this research will last about2 years. The purpose of this research is to gather information on the safety andeffectiveness of PRRT.Participants will be randomized (like the flip of a coin) to one of two arms. Arm 1 isthe control arm, which will undergo standard of care cytoreductive surgery (for thetumor). Arm 2 will undergo four cycles of PRRT before cytoreductive surgery.
Voorbehandeling met bestraling en chemotherapie gevolgd door operatie versus alleen operatie voor operatief verwijderbare of mogelijk verwijderbare alvleesklierkanker. Een gerandomiseerd fase III onderzoek; INTERVENTION: Two arm, randomized trial for patients with resectable or borderline resectable pancreatic cancer. Standard arm: Explorative surgery, if possible resulting in pylorus preserving or classical pancreaticoduodenectomy, followed by standard adjuvant chemotherapy. Standard adjuvant chemotherapy is Gemcitabine 1000 mg/m2 day 1,8 and 15, one week rest, for si Xcourses. Experimental arm: Preoperative chemoradiotherapy followed by explorative surgery, if possible resulting in pylorus preserving or classical pancreaticoduodenectomy, followed by the remainder of adjuvant chemotherapy. Preoperative treatment (experimental arm) is Gemcitabine 1000 mg/m2 day 1,8, one week rest. Then Gemcitabine 1000 mg/m2 day 1,8,15, concomitant with radiotherapy: 36 Gy, 15 fractions of 2.4 Gy. Then Gemcitabine 1000 mg/m2 day 1,8 one week rest. After surgery (experimental arm) four (remaining) courses of Gemcitabine 1000 mg/m2 day 1,8,15, one week rest. This is to make sure that the total amount of Gemcitabine gifts is barely different in the experimental arm compared to the standard arm. In the experimental arm, pretreatment evaluation including laparoscopy is necessary, as well as treatment of eventual jaundice. Also post radiochemotherapy evaluation needs to be performed. CONDITION: resectable pancreatic carcinoma or borderline resectable pancreatic carcinoma resectabel of borderline resectabel pancreascarcinoom. PRIMARY OUTCOME: Overall survival. SECONDARY OUTCOME: To compare between the study arms: ; 1. The resection rate; ; 2. The microscopically complete (R0) resection rate; ; 3. The disease free survival; ; 4. The time to locoregional failure; ; 5. The time to distant metastases; ; 6. The postoperative complications and morbidity.; ; To assess in the experimental arm: ; 1. The radiological response rates after preoperative radiochemotherapy (RECIST criteria); ; 2. The pathological response rates after preoperative radiochemotherapy; ; 3. The toxicity of preoperative radiochemotherapy according to Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events 4 (CTC‐AE 4). INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Histologically or cytologically confirmed adenocarcinoma of the pancreas; 2. Primarily resectable tumours or Borderline resectable tumours (see table 1, p7 and hereunder) (exception, T1 centrally located tumours with no vascular involvement at all); 3. WHO performance status ≤ 1; 4. Ability to undergo surgery and radiochemotherapy; 5. Leucocytes ≥ 3.5 X109/l; 6. Platelets ≥ 100 X109 /l; 7. Haemoglobin ≥ 6 mmol/l; 8. Renal function: E‐GFR > 50 ml/min; 9. Age ≥ 18 years; 10. Written informed consent; 11. Patients with reproductive potential must use effective contraception.
Trial of Neoadjuvant and Adjuvant Nivolumab and BMS-813160 With or Without GVAX for Locally Advanced Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinomas; The purpose of this study is to evaluate if the combination of nivolumab and a CCR2/CCR5dual antagonist (BMS‐813160) with GVAX is safe in patients with locally advancedpancreatic cancer (LAPC) who have received chemotherapy and radiotherapy, and to see ifthis combination therapy enhances the infiltration of CD8+CD137+ cells in PDACs .
NALIRIFOX in Combination With Camrelizumab for BRPC: a Prospective, Exploratory Study; This study plans to include 40 patients with borderline resectable pancreatic cancer who are evaluated by a multidisciplinary team (MDT). These patients will receive 3 cycles of neoadjuvant therapy before surgery. The immunotherapy combination chemotherapy regimen consists of liposomal Irinotecan, Oxaliplatin, 5‐Fluorouracil/Calcium folinate, and Camrelizumab, with a 14‐day dosing cycle. The chemotherapy regimen consists of liposomal Irinotecan, Oxaliplatin, and 5‐Fluorouracil/Calcium folinate. Clinical tumor imaging evaluation will be conducted based on the RECIST 1.1 criteria after the completion of neoadjuvant therapy. The MDT will assess whether patients are eligible for surgery based on the imaging results. The criteria for operability include: no evidence of implantation metastasis during laparoscopic exploration, absence of new metastatic lesions, and the tumor's relationship with blood vessels meeting the criteria for R0/R1 resection. Patients eligible for surgery will undergo pancreatic cancer surgery 4‐6 weeks later. Postoperative treatment will be determined by the researchers based on the neoadjuvant treatment effectiveness and the patients'actual conditions. Imaging evaluations will follow the standard diagnostic and treatment guidelines for pancreatic cancer. For patients deemed ineligible for surgery, the subsequent treatment plan will be determined by the researchers based on the neoadjuvant treatment effectiveness and the patients' actual conditions
Goal-directed therapy with bolus albumin 5% is not superior to bolus ringer acetate in maintaining systemic and mesenteric oxygen delivery in major upper abdominal surgery: a randomised controlled trial; BACKGROUND: Goal‐directed therapy (GDT) is increasingly used in abdominal surgery. Whether crystalloids can exert the same effect as colloid, and how this may affect perfusion, is still unclear. The effect of GDT on the systemic oxygen delivery index (sDO2I) and the mesenteric oxygen delivery index (mDO2I) can be quantified by measuring cardiac index and flow in the superior mesenteric artery, respectively. OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to test the hypothesis that intra‐operative GDT with bolus human albumin 5% is superior to GDT with bolus ringer acetate in maintaining sDO2I and mDO2I in elective major upper gastrointestinal cancer surgery. DESIGN: Randomised controlled double blinded trial. SETTING: Odense University Hospital, Denmark, from May 2014 to June 2015. PATIENTS: A total of 89 adults scheduled for elective major upper gastrointestinal cancer surgery were randomised and data from 60 were analysed. EXCLUSION CRITERIA: contraindications for using the LiDCOplus system, known allergy to albumin, pre‐operative renal failure, pancreatic cancer and pre‐operative down staging using chemotherapy and/or radiation therapy, pregnancy. INTERVENTIONS: Patients were randomised to intra‐operative GDT with either bolus human albumin or ringer acetate 250 ml, guided by pulse pressure variation and stroke volume. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Changes in sDO2I and mDO2I. Secondary outcomes were changes in other haemodynamic variables, fluid balance, blood transfusions, fluid‐related complications and length of stay (LOS) in ICU and hospital. RESULTS: Median [IQR] sDO2I was 522 [420 to 665] ml min m in the ringer acetate group and 490 [363 to 676] ml min m in the human albumin group, P = 0.36. Median [IQR] mDO2I was 12.1 [5.8 to 28.7] ml min m in the ringer acetate group and 17.0 [7.6 to 27.5] ml min m in the human albumin group, P = 0.17. Other haemodynamic comparisons did not differ significantly. More trial fluid was administered in the ringer acetate group. We found no significant difference in transfusions, complications or LOS. CONCLUSION: Bolus human albumin 5% was not superior to bolus ringer acetate in maintaining systemic or mesenteric oxygen delivery in elective major upper gastrointestinal cancer surgery, despite the administration of larger volumes of trial fluid in the ringer acetate group. No significant difference was seen in fluid‐related complications or LOS. TRIAL REGISTRATION: https://eudract.ema.europa.eu/ Identifier: 2013‐002217‐36.
Predictive value of computed tomography on surgical resectability in locally advanced pancreatic cancer treated with multiagent induction chemotherapy: results from a prospective, multicentre phase 2 trial (NEOLAP-AIO-PAK-0113); PURPOSE: To assess the role of current imaging‐based resectability criteria and the degree of radiological downsizing in locally advanced pancreatic adenocarcinoma (LAPC) after multiagent induction chemotherapy (ICT) in multicentre, open‐label, randomized phase 2 trial. METHOD: LAPC patients were prospectively treated with multiagent ICT followed by surgical exploration within the NEOLAP trial. All patients underwent CT scan at baseline and after ICT to assess resectability status according to national comprehensive cancer network guidelines (NCCN) criteria and response evaluation criteria in solid tumors (RECIST) at the local study center and retrospectively in a central review. Imaging results were compared in terms of local and central staging, downsizing and pathological resection status. RESULTS: 83 patients were evaluable for central review of baseline and restaging imaging results. Downstaging by central review was rarely seen after multiagent ICT (7.7%), whereas tumor downsizing was documented frequently (any downsizing 90.4%, downsizing to partial response (PR) according to RECIST: 26.5%). Patients with any downsizing showed no significant different R0 resection rate (37.3%) as patients that fulfilled the criteria of PR (40.9%). The sensitivity of any downsizing for predicting R0 resection was 97% with a negative predictive value (NPV) of 0.88. ROC‐analysis revealed that tumor downsizing was a predictor of R0 resection (AUC 0.647, p = 0.028) with a best cut‐off value of 22.5% downsizing yielding a sensitivity of 65% and a specificity of 61%. CONCLUSIONS: Imaging‐based tumor downsizing and not downstaging can guide the selection of patients with a realistic chance of R0‐resection in LAPC after multi‐agent ICT.
Chemotherapy before or after surgery in patients with resectable pancreatic cancer: the PREOPANC-3 study; INTERVENTION: Trade Name: LEUCOVORIN CALCIUM Product Name: Leucovorin calcium Pharmaceutical Form: Powder for solution for injection/infusion INN or Proposed INN: Calcium folinate CAS Number: 1492‐18‐8 Current Sponsor code: Leucovorin Other descriptive name: FOLINIC ACID Concentration unit: mg/ml milligram(s)/millilitre Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 10‐ Trade Name: Fluorouracil Product Name: Fluorouracil Pharmaceutical Form: Solution for infusion INN or Proposed INN: Fluorouracil CAS Number: 51‐21‐8 Current Sponsor code: 5‐FU Other descriptive name: FLUOROURACIL Concentration unit: mg/ml milligram(s)/millilitre Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50‐ Trade Name: Irinotecan Product Name: Irinotecan Pharmaceutical Form: Concentrate for solution for infusion INN or Proposed INN: IRINOTECAN CAS Number: 97682‐44‐5 Current Sponsor code: Irinotecan Concentration unit: mg/ml milligram(s)/millilitre Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 20‐ Trade Name: Oxaliplatin Product Name: Oxaliplatin Pharmaceutical Form: Concentrate for solution for infusion INN or Proposed INN: OXALIPLATIN CAS Number: 61825‐94‐3 Current Sponsor code: Oxaliplatin Concentration unit: mg/ml milligram(s)/millilitre Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 5‐ CONDITION: non‐metastatic resectable pancreatic cancer ; MedDRA version: 21.0 Level: LLT Classification code 10033602 Term: Pancreatic adenocarcinoma resectable System Organ Class: 100000004864 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Cancer [C04] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To investigate whether 8 cycles of neoadjuvant mFOLFIRINOX followed by resection and 4 cycles of adjuvant mFOLFIRINOX improves overall survival compared to resection and 12 cycles of adjuvant mFOLFIRINOX in resectable pancreatic cancer. Primary end point(s): The primary endpoint for the study is overall survival (OS). Secondary Objective: To compare between the study arms:; • Progression free survival (PFS) ; • Distant metastases free survival ; • Locoregional progression free survival ; • Distant metastases free interval ; • Locoregional progression free interval ; • Chemotherapy start rate ; • Number of chemotherapy cycles received; • Chemotherapy completion rate ; • Dose intensity; • Staging laparoscopy rate ; • Laparoscopy yield ; • Surgical exploration rate ; • Resection rate ; • Microscopically margin‐negative resection rate; • Lymph node‐negative resection rate; • Adverse events ; • Postoperative complications ; ; To investigate in investigational arm only:; • Clinical response rate; • Serum CA 19‐9 and CEA response; • Pathologic response; ; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: LPLV SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): • Progression free survival (PFS) ; • Distant metastases free survival ; • Locoregional progression free survival ; • Distant metastases free interval ; • Locoregional progression free interval ; • Chemotherapy start rate ; • Number of chemotherapy cycles received; • Chemotherapy completion rate ; • Dose intensity; • Staging laparoscopy rate ; • Laparoscopy yield ; • Surgical exploration rate ; • Resection rate ; • Microscopically margin‐negative resection rate (R0); • Lymph node‐negative resection rate (N0); • Adverse events ; • Postoperative complications ; ; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: LPLV INCLUSION CRITERIA: • Histologically or cytologically (Bethesda 5 or 6) confirmed pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma. • Resectable tumor according to DPCG criteria: no arterial contact and venous contact with the superior mesenteric vein or portal vein of 90 degrees or less • No evidence for metastatic disease* • WHO performance status of 0 or 1 • Ability to undergo surgery and mFOLFIRINOX chemotherapy • Leucocytes (WBC) = 3.0 X 109/L • Platelets = 100X 109/L • Hemoglobin = 6.0 mmol/l • Renal function: eGFR = 40 ml/min • Age = 18 years • Written informed consent * Lesions on chest CT that are too small to characterize are not considered metastatic disease. Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range 189 F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) yes F.1.3.1 Number of subjects for this age range 189
Total neoadjuvant FOLFIRINOX versus neoadjuvant gemcitabine-based chemoradiotherapy and adjuvant gemcitabine for resectable and borderline resectable pancreatic cancer (PREOPANC-2 trial): study protocol for a nationwide multicenter randomized controlled trial; BACKGROUND: Neoadjuvant therapy has several potential advantages over upfront surgery in patients with localized pancreatic cancer; more patients receive systemic treatment, fewer patients undergo futile surgery, and R0 resection rates are higher, thereby possibly improving overall survival (OS). Two recent randomized trials have suggested benefit of neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy over upfront surgery, both including single‐agent chemotherapy regimens. Potentially, the multi‐agent FOLFIRINOX regimen (5‐fluorouracil with leucovorin, irinotecan, and oxaliplatin) may further improve outcomes in the neoadjuvant setting for localized pancreatic cancer, but randomized studies are needed. The PREOPANC‐2 trial investigates whether neoadjuvant FOLFIRINOX improves OS compared with neoadjuvant gemcitabine‐based chemoradiotherapy and adjuvant gemcitabine in resectable and borderline resectable pancreatic cancer patients. METHODS: This nationwide multicenter phase III randomized controlled trial includes patients with pathologically confirmed resectable and borderline resectable pancreatic cancer with a WHO performance score of 0 or 1. Resectable pancreatic cancer is defined as no arterial and ≤ 90 degrees venous involvement; borderline resectable pancreatic cancer is defined as ≤90 degrees arterial and ≤ 270 degrees venous involvement without occlusion. Patients receive 8 cycles of neoadjuvant FOLFIRINOX chemotherapy followed by surgery without adjuvant treatment (arm A), or 3 cycles of neoadjuvant gemcitabine with hypofractionated radiotherapy (36 Gy in 15 fractions) during the second cycle, followed by surgery and 4 cycles of adjuvant gemcitabine (arm B). The primary endpoint is OS by intention‐to‐treat. Secondary endpoints include progression‐free survival, quality of life, resection rate, and R0 resection rate. To detect a hazard ratio of 0.70 with 80% power, 252 events are needed. The number of events is expected to be reached after inclusion of 368 eligible patients assuming an accrual period of 3 years and 1.5 years follow‐up. DISCUSSION: The PREOPANC‐2 trial directly compares two neoadjuvant regimens for patients with resectable and borderline resectable pancreatic cancer. Our study will provide evidence on the neoadjuvant treatment of choice for patients with resectable and borderline resectable pancreatic cancer. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Primary registry and trial identifying number: EudraCT: 2017‐002036‐17 . Date of registration: March 6, 2018. Secondary identifying numbers: The Netherlands National Trial Register ‐ NL7094 , NL61961.078.17, MEC‐2018‐004.
A Study Comparing Standard Chemotherapy to Standard Chemotherapy plus a Monoclonal Antibody (demcizumab) in Patients with Pancreatic Cancer; INTERVENTION: Product Name: demcizumab Product Code: OMP‐21M18 Pharmaceutical Form: Solution for infusion INN or Proposed INN: Demcizumab Current Sponsor code: OMP‐21M18 Concentration unit: g/l gram(s)/litre Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 10‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Solution for infusion Route of administration of the placebo: Intravenous use CONDITION: Metastatic Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma ; MedDRA version: 18.0 Level: LLT Classification code 10033605 Term: Pancreatic cancer metastatic System Organ Class: 100000004864 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Cancer [C04] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To compare the efficacy of Arm 1 to Arm 2 and Arm 1 to Arm 3 in subjects with 1st‐line metastatic pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma Primary end point(s): To compare the hazard of progression using the Investigator assessed progression‐free survival time between subjects in Arm 1 and Arm 2 as well as between subjects in Arm 1 and 3 in 1st‐line metastatic pancreatic ductaladenocarcinoma. Secondary Objective: To compare the safety of Arm 1 to Arm 2 and Arm 1 to Arm 3 in subjects with 1st‐line metastatic pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma.; To compare the rate of immunogenicity of Arm 1 to Arm 2 and Arm 1 to Arm 3 in subjects with 1st‐line metastatic pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma.; To determine population pharmacokinetics of demcizumab in subjects receiving demcizumab, Abraxane® and gemcitabine in subjects with 1st‐line metastatic pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: At scheduled visits. INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Subjects must have histologically confirmed metastatic pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma. Prior chemotherapy and/or radiotherapy either in the adjuvant or neoadjuvant setting or for metastatic disease is not allowed. 2. Age >=21 years 3. ECOG performance status 0 or 1 4. Measurable disease per RECIST v1.1 Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range 80 F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) yes F.1.3.1 Number of subjects for this age range 121 SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): ‐To compare the Investigator‐assessed RECIST response rate in Arm 1 to Arm 2 and Arm 1 to 3 in subjects with 1st‐line metastatic pancreatic cancer. ; ‐To compare the Investigator‐assessed RECIST clinical benefit rate (i.e., the rate of complete response + partial response + stable disease) in Arm 1 to Arm 2 and Arm 1 to 3 in subjects with 1st‐line metastatic pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma.; ‐To compare the Investigator‐assessed progression‐free survival at 6 months in Arm 1 to Arm 2 and Arm 1 to 3 in subjects with 1st‐line metastatic pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma.; ‐To compare the Independent Review Facility (IRF)‐assessed RECIST response rate and progression‐free survival based solely on radiographs in Arm 1 to Arm 2 and Arm 1 to 3 (Optional).; ‐To determine the half‐life, volume of distribution and clearance of demcizumab when combined with Abraxane® and gemcitabine in with subjects with 1st‐line metastatic pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma.; ‐To compare the safety profile through adverse event monitoring (including attribution of adverse events and serious adverse events [SAEs]), physical examination, vital signs, and clinical laboratory testing as outlined in the Schedule of Assessments between Arm 1 to Arm 2 and Arm 1 to 3 in subjects with 1st‐line metastatic pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma. To compare the incidence of anti‐demcizumab antibody development and neutralizing antibody development in subjects with 1st‐line locally advanced or metastatic pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma being treated with Abraxane® and gemcitabine plus demcizumab in Arm 1 to Arm 2 and Arm 1 to 3.; ‐To compare the median survival in Arm 1 to Arm 2 and Arm 1 to 3 in subjects with 1st‐line metastatic pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma ; ‐To compare the Kaplan Meier estimates of survival at 6, 12, 18 and 24 months in Arm 1 to Arm 2 and Arm 1 to 3 in subjects with 1st‐line metastatic pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: At scheduled visits.
The impact of disease distribution on survival in patients with stage III epithelial ovarian cancer cytoreduced to microscopic residual: a Gynecologic Oncology Group study; OBJECTIVE: To assess the survival impact of initial disease distribution on patients with stage III epithelial ovarian cancer (EOC) cytoreduced to microscopic residual. METHODS: We reviewed data from 417 stage III EOC patients cytoreduced to microscopic disease and given adjuvant intravenous platinum/paclitaxel on one of three randomized Gynecologic Oncology Group (GOG) trials. We subdivided patients into three groups based on preoperative disease burden: (1) minimal disease (MD) defined by pelvic tumor and retroperitoneal metastasis (2) abdominal peritoneal disease (APD) with disease limited to the pelvis, retroperitoneum, lower abdomen and omentum; and (3) upper abdominal disease (UAD) with disease affecting the diaphragm, spleen, liver or pancreas. We assessed the survival impact of potential prognostic factors, focusing on initial disease distribution using a proportional hazards model and estimated Kaplan‐Meier survival curves. RESULTS: The study groups had similar clinicopathologic characteristics. Median overall survival (OS) was not reached in MD patients compared to 80 and 56 months in the APD and UAD groups (P<0.05). The five‐year survival percentages for MD, APD, and UAD were 67%, 63%, and 45%. In multivariate analysis, the UAD group had a significantly worse prognosis than MD and APD both individually and combined (Progression Free Survival (PFS) Hazards Ratio (HR) 1.44; P=0.008 and OS HR 1.77; P=0.0004 compared to MD+APD). CONCLUSION: Stage III EOC patients with initial disease in the upper abdomen have a worse prognosis despite cytoreductive surgery to microscopic residual implying that factors beyond cytoreductive effort are important in predicting survival.
Multi-center clinical study of microbubble ultrasonic cavitation technology combined with neoadjuvant therapy to enhance the curative effect of pancreatic cancer; INTERVENTION: Experimental group:Ultrasound microbubble technology combined with neoadjuvant therapy (chemotherapy, targeted or immunotherapy) , the treatment time was 30 minutes after neoadjuvant therapyv10min;Control group:Direct routine treatment: chemotherapy, targeted therapy or immunotherapy; CONDITION: Pancreatic Cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: Effect of ultrasonic cavitation technique on microbubble;Patient prognosis (including tumor recurrence and survival time); SECONDARY OUTCOME: The perioperative period; INCLUSION CRITERIA: ? Pancreatic cancer confirmed by histopathology or cytology; ? Have indications of neoadjuvant therapy, and can tolerate neoadjuvant therapy, including chemotherapy, targeted therapy, immunotherapy; ? Age 18‐75 years old, male or female; ? No obvious abnormality of liver and kidney function; ? Cardiopulmonary function is basically normal; ? No history of other malignant tumors; ? Good compliance, no mental disorders.
Phase I study of preoperative chemo-radiotherapy with alternate-day administrations of S-1 and radiation in patients with pancreatic cancer; INTERVENTION: preoperative chemoradiotherapy with 1 course of S‐1 preoperative chemoradiotherapy with 2course of S‐1 CONDITION: pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: Safety,Efficacy INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1)Confirmed boarder‐line resectable pancreatic cancer as adenocarcinoma by histological, cytological, or radiological examinations 2)Confirmed target region 3)No prior treatment 4)Age 20‐80 5)PS 0/1 6)Adequate organ functions neutrophils >=1,500/mm3 leukocytes >=4,000/mm3, =<12,000/mm3 platelets >=100,000/mm3 hemoglobin >=10.0g/dL AST(GOT)/ALT(GPT)/ALP within 3 times of normal limits total bilirubin <=1.5mg/dL BUN <= 25mg/dl serum creatinine <=1.5mg/dL creatinine clearance >=50mL/min 6)PS(ECOG) 0‐2 7)Sufficient oral intake 8)With written informed consent 9)Estimated life expectancy of at least 3 months
A randomised phase 2 trial of nab-paclitaxel plus gemcitabine with or without capecitabine and cisplatin in locally advanced or borderline resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma; BACKGROUND: The current trial assessed whether the addition of cisplatin and capecitabine to the nab‐paclitaxel‐gemcitabine backbone is feasible and active against borderline and locally advanced pancreatic adenocarcinoma (PDAC). METHOD: Fifty‐four chemo‐naive patients, aged between 18 and 75 years, with a pathological diagnosis of locally advanced or borderline resectable PDAC were randomised to receive either nab‐paclitaxel, gemcitabine, cisplatin and oral capecitabine (PAXG; arm A; N = 26) or nab‐paclitaxel followed by gemcitabine (AG; arm B; N = 28). The primary end‐point was the tumour resection rate. If at least four such resections were performed, the treatment was considered as active. The secondary end‐points were progression‐free survival (PFS), overall survival (OS), Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumours response rate, Hartman's pathologic response, carbohydrate antigen 19.9 response rate and toxicity. RESULTS: Eight patients (31%) in the PAXG arm and nine (32%) in the AG arm underwent resection. PFS at 1‐year was 58% in arm A and 39% in arm B. OS at 18‐month was 69% in arm A and 54% in arm B. CONCLUSIONS: In this phase II study, the addition of cisplatin and capecitabine to the AG backbone was feasible and yielded promising results in terms of disease control without detrimental impact on tolerability. The approach warrants further investigation in a phase III study. TRIAL REGISTRATION: NCT01730222.
Cytoreductive surgery and heated intraperitoneal chemotherapy (HIPEC) for gastric cancer peritoneal metastases- the early experience of the first Gastric HIPEC centre in the British Isles; Background: At presentation, 50% of patients with gastric cancer have metastases, 40% of which are peritoneal metastases. Cytoreductive surgery (CRS) and heated intraperitoneal chemotherapy (HIPEC) was first described as a treatment for metastatic gastric cancer patients in 19891. In 2019, a randomised multicentre trial on CRS and HIPEC in these patients demonstrated a significant benefit in the treatment arm with a median overall survival of 18.6 months and 5‐year survival of 20.2%2. Materials and Methods: A gastric cancer program was started at the peritoneal malignancy unit at the Mater Misericordiae Hospital in July 2019. Advice from other international centres was sought in devising a protocol for patients. Patients were assessed based on their age, fitness, treatment history, the extent of disease on initial presentation, and response to treatment. Results: In the first year, a total of seven patients underwent CRS and HIPEC for metastatic gastric cancer. The average age was 61 years. All patients received neoadjuvant chemotherapy. Three patients had metastasis proven in cytology of peritoneal washings, 3 had biopsy proven peritoneal deposits and 1 had both positive peritoneal deposits and peritoneal washings. At surgery, 5 of 7 patients required extended resections which included either spleen, pancreas, or colon. One patient had a grade 3 complication (anastomotic leak) requiring insertion of an IR guided drain. The average length of operation was 412 minutes with an average length of stay of 22 days. All patients had poorly differentiated lymph node‐positive adenocarcinoma with a poor tumour regression grade. Five patients received adjuvant treatment. To date, 4 patients have disease recurrence 2 of whom are deceased. The average time to recurrence was approximately 7 months. Despite a diagnosis of Stage 4 gastric cancer, three of 7 patients remain disease‐free. Conclusions: Cytoreductive surgery and HIPEC is safe in selected patients with peritoneal metastases from gastric cancer. References 1. Cunliffe WJ, Sugarbaker PH: Gastrointestinal malignancy:rationale for adjuvant therapy using early postoperative intraperitoneal chemotherapy. Br J Surg 1989;76:1082–1090. 2. Bonnot PE, Piessen G, Kepenekian V et al.Cytoreductive Surgery With or Without Hyperthermic Intraperitoneal Chemotherapy for Gastric Cancer With Peritoneal Metastases (CYTO‐CHIP study): A Propensity Score Analysis. J Clin Oncol. 2019 Aug 10;37(23):2028‐2040. Head & neck and thyroid cancer
Randomized phase II study of gemcitabine and S-1 combination therapy versus gemcitabine and nanoparticle albumin-bound paclitaxel combination therapy as neoadjuvant chemotherapy for resectable/borderline resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC-GS/GA-rP2, CSGO-HBP-015); BACKGROUND: Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) is a lethal disease, and multimodal strategies, such as surgery plus neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NAC)/adjuvant chemotherapy, have been attempted to improve survival in patients with localized PDAC. To date, there is one prospective study providing evidence for the superiority of a neoadjuvant strategy over upfront surgery for localized PDAC. However, which NAC regimen is optimal remains unclear. METHODS: A randomized, exploratory trial is performed to examine the clinical benefits of two chemotherapy regimens, gemcitabine plus S‐1 (GS) and gemcitabine plus nab‐paclitaxel (GA), as NAC for patients with planned PDAC resection. Patients are enrolled after the diagnosis of resectable or borderline resectable PDAC. They are randomly assigned to either NAC regimen. Adjuvant chemotherapy after curative resection is highly recommended for 6 months in both arms. The primary endpoint is tumor progression‐free survival time, and secondary endpoints include the rate of curative resection, the completion rate of protocol therapy, the recurrence type, the overall survival time, and safety. The target sample size is set as at least 100. DISCUSSION: This study is the first randomized phase II study comparing GS combination therapy with GA combination therapy as NAC for localized pancreatic cancer. TRIAL REGISTRATION: UMIN Clinical Trials Registry UMIN000021484 . This trial began in April 2016.
Added value of digital PET in (re)staging patients with pancreatic cancer; INTERVENTION: Participants will undergo two FDG‐PET/CT scans on a digital PET/CT system, before the start of the treatment and after neo‐adjuvant chemotherapy treatment CONDITION: Pancreatic cancer, PET scan ; ; PRIMARY OUTCOME: Diagnostic outcome digital PET/CT SECONDARY OUTCOME: Correlation FDG‐uptake with Ca 19.9 INCLUSION CRITERIA: ‐ Histological or cytological confirmed malignant peri‐ampullary tumour, resectable or borderline resectable, without evidence of distant metastases ‐Inclusion in the PREOPANC‐2 study ‐ Written informed consent
A phase II study of peri-operative modified FOLFIRINOX in localized pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC); Introduction: Advances in adjuvant chemotherapy with 5‐fluorouracil, irinotecan, and oxaliplatin (FFX) have improved survival for patients (pts) with resectable PDAC yet few are cured by the current standard of care. Neoadjuvant FFX may lead to early control of micrometastasis and enhance cure rates for this aggressive malignancy. Methods: We performed a single‐arm phase‐2 clinical trial for resectable PDAC evaluating 6 months of perioperative modified (m) FFX (NCT02047474). Patients underwent baseline pancreatic protocol CT and were reviewed for resectability by a multidisciplinary panel. Enrolled pts received 6 cycles of neoadjuvant mFFX followed by surgery and 6 cycles of adjuvant mFFX. The primary endpoint was a ≥ 66% 12‐month progression‐free survival (PFS). Additional endpoints included overall survival (OS), circulating tumor DNA (ctDNA), tumor molecular features and tumor Keratin 17 levels. Whole blood was prospectively collected and processed to stored plasma (median volume 5.4 mL, range: 2.6 ‐ 10.2) for retrospective ctDNA analysis using a personalized, tumor‐informed ctDNA assay (SignateraTM). Survival rates were estimated by KaplanMeier. Results: Forty‐six pts enrolled with 63 months median follow up, median age of 65 [R 46‐80], 36 (78%) were ECOG 0, 30 (65%) had an endobiliary stent and no pts had staging laparoscopy. All pts started mFFX, and 37 pts (80%) completed all 6 preop cycles. Thirty‐three pts (72%) underwent surgery with 3 pts developing investigator‐assessed progression during neoadjuvant mFFX. Six pts were unresectable intraoperatively, and 27 pts (59%) underwent resection per protocol (25 R0, 2 R1). Ten additional pts underwent surgery off protocol. The 12‐month PFS was 78% (95% CI: 64.2‐94.4), median PFS and OS were 36.5 months (95% CI: 16.6‐74.5) and 37.2 months (95% CI 17.5‐not reached), respectively. Two‐year OS was 59% (95% CI: 45.8‐74.7). Baseline ctDNA was detected in 16/22 (73%) pts, and after 6 cycles of mFFX ctDNA was detected in 3/17 (18%) of pts. Patients with a positive ctDNA test 4 weeks post‐resection had worsened PFS (HR 34.0, 95% CI: 2.6‐4758.6; P = 0.006) and OS (HR: 11.7, 95% CI: 1.5‐129.9; P = 0.021) compared to ctDNA negative. Mutational signature analysis revealed predominant signatures to be COSMIC signatures SBS1 and SBS5 (age related), and SBS15 (mismatch repair deficiency associated) which was associated with improved OS. Using Keratin 17 as a biomarker of the basal molecular subtype, either in diagnostic needle aspirates or surgical specimens, we found that high K17 expression was associated with worse survival. Conclusion: The perioperative mFFX clinical trial for resectable PDAC met its primary endpoint with a promising survival rate, and R0 resection rate of 93%. These findings warrant further evaluation in a randomized clinical trial. Most pts with detectable ctDNA at baseline experience ctDNA clearance after 6 cycles of neoadjuvant mFFX. In the post‐operative setting, ctDNA positivity was strongly associated with recurrence. Signature SBS15 and low K17 were associated with improved OS.
Nagoya University Pancreatic Tumor Board trial 08; INTERVENTION: Concurrent CRT group Patients will undergo chemotherapy with 100mg/m2 nab‐PTX and 800 mg/m2 gemcitabine for 8 weeks. Concurrent radiotherapy will be also performed. After chemoradiotherapy, patients will undergo chemotherapy with 125mg/m2 nab‐PTX and 1000 mg/m2 gemcitabine for 16 weeks. Initial CRT group As an initial systemic therapy, patients will undergo chemotherapy with 125mg/m2 nab‐PTX and 1000 mg/m2 gemcitabine for 16 weeks. Then, patients will undergo chemoradiotherapy with 100mg/m2 nab‐PTX and 800 mg/m2 gemcitabine for 8 weeks. * Completion of 8 weeks chemo(radio)therapy is defined as completion of protocol therapy. * Curative intent surgery will be considered after completion of protocol therapy. CONDITION: Locally advanced pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: 2‐year survival rate SECONDARY OUTCOME: Recurrence free survival, overall survival, pathological tumor reduction according to Evans grade, Tumor response defined by RECIST, rate of completion of preoperative therapy, rate of adverse effect, surgical morbidity, early tumor shrinkage, time to treatment failure INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1.Locally advanced pancreatic cancer 2.Age 20<= and <=79 3.Performance status 0‐1
For second-line chemotherapy of Nanoliposomal irinotecan with fluorouracil compared to S-1 for unresectable advanced pancreatic cancer; INTERVENTION: Assignment between S‐1 treatment group and Nanoliposomal irinotecan with fluorouracil treatment group CONDITION: pancreatic canser ; Pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: Progression‐free survival (PFS) SECONDARY OUTCOME: Health‐related quality of life (EQ‐5D, EORTC‐C30), overall survival (OS),; Treatment success period (TTF), response rate (RR), frequency and extent of adverse events INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Patients received sufficient explanation, and then obtained written inforned consent by with sufficient understanding. 2. Patients aged 20 to 80 at the time of inforned consent 3. Patients diagnosed with pancreatic cancer based on the diagnostic criteria for pancreatic cancer 4. Contains anti‐cancer agents other than S‐1 or S‐1 + other for unresectable advanced pancreatic cancer . Implementation of neoadjuvant chemotherapy with anticancer drugs other than S‐1 If it worsens and is judged to be unresectable, it is considered as initial treatment and registered. 5. Patients with ECOG Performance Status (PS) 0‐1. 6. Cases in which the functions of major organs are sufficiently maintained. 1 White blood cell count: 3,500 / mm3 or more 2 Number of neutrophils: 2,000 / mm3 or more 3 Amount of hemoglobin: 9.0 g / dL or more 4 Platelet count: 100,000 / mm3 or more 5 Total bilirubin value: 2.0 mg / dL or less 6 AST and ALT val
Low creatinine clearance is a risk factor for D2 gastrectomy after neoadjuvant chemotherapy; BACKGROUND: The feasibility and safety of D2 surgery following neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NAC) has not been fully evaluated in patients with gastric cancer. Moreover, risk factor for surgical complications after D2 gastrectomy following NAC is also unknown. The purpose of the present study was to identify risk factors of postoperative complications after D2 surgery following NAC. METHODS: This study was conducted as an exploratory analysis of a prospective, randomized Phase II trial of NAC. The surgical complications were assessed and classified according to the Clavien‐Dindo classification. A uni‐ and multivariate logistic regression analyses were performed to identify risk factors for morbidity. RESULTS: Among 83 patients who were registered to the Phase II trial, 69 patients received the NAC and D2 gastrectomy. Postoperative complications were identified in 18 patients and the overall morbidity rate was 26.1 %. The results of univariate and multivariate analyses of various factors for overall operative morbidity, creatinine clearance (CCr) ≤ 60 ml/min (P = 0.016) was identified as sole significant independent risk factor for overall morbidity. Occurrence of pancreatic fistula was significantly higher in the patients with a low CCr than in those with a high CCr. CONCLUSIONS: Low CCr was a significant risk factor for surgical complications in D2 gastrectomy after NAC. Careful attention is required for these patients.
GABARNANCE Trial; INTERVENTION: Objective of the study is to evaluate safety and efficacy of gemcitabine and nab‐paclitaxel therapy versus S‐1 and concurrent radiotherapy as neoadjuvant treatment for Borderline resectable pancreatic cancer CONDITION: Borderline resectable pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: PhaseII part: R0 resection rate ; PhaseIII part: Overall survival SECONDARY OUTCOME: PhaseII part: Incidence of adverse events ; PhaseIII part: Progression free survival, R0 resection rate, 2 year survival rate, Radiological response rate, Histological response rate, Incidence of adverse events, Protocol compliance (completion rate of neoadjuvant therapy and overall therapy) INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Borderline resectable pancreatic cancer 2. Adenocarcinoma or adenosquamous carcinoma 3. No distant metastasis 4. Age 20‐79 5. ECOG PS 0‐1 6. No prior abdominal radiation therapy 7. No history of chemotherapy within last 3 years 8. No prior therapy for pancreatic cancer 9. Included in the irradiation field of 10cm x10cm 10. Able to eat orally 11. No sensory or motor neuropathy 12. Appropriate biliary drainage if bile duct obstructed 13. No radiological evidence of apparent intestinal cancer invasion and history of gastrointestinal bleeding 14. Meet all the criteria of laboratory examination 15. Informed consent by patient
Neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy versus immediate surgery for resectable and borderline resectable pancreatic cancer: meta-analysis and trial sequential analysis of randomized controlled trials; We aimed to compare resection and survival outcomes of neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy (CRT) and immediate surgery in patients with resectable pancreatic cancer (RPC) or borderline resectable pancreatic cancer (BRPC). In compliance with the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta‐Analyses statement standards, a systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) was conducted. Random effects modeling was applied to calculate pooled outcome data. Likelihood of type 1 or 2 errors in the meta‐analysis model was assessed by trial sequential analysis. A total of 400 patients from four RCTs were included. When RPC and BRPC were analyzed together, neoadjuvant CRT resulted in a higher R0 resection rate (risk ratio [RR]: 1.55, p = 0.004), longer overall survival (mean difference [MD]: 3.75 years, p = 0.009) but lower overall resection rate (RR: 0.83, p = 0.008) compared with immediate surgery. When RPC and BRPC were analyzed separately, neoadjuvant CRT improved R0 resection rate (RR: 3.72, p = 0.004) and overall survival (MD: 6.64, p = 0.004) of patients with BRPC. However, it did not improve R0 resection rate (RR: 1.18, p = 0.13) or overall survival (MD: 0.94, p = 0.57) of patients with RPC. Neoadjuvant CRT might be beneficial for patients with BRPC, but not for patients with RPC. Nevertheless, the best available evidence does not include contemporary chemotherapy regimens. Patients with RPC and those with BRPC should not be combined in the same cohort in future studies.
Perioperative versus adjuvant FOLFIRINOX for resectable pancreatic cancer: the PREOPANC-3 study; INTERVENTION: Patients in the intervention arm receive 8 cycles of neoadjuvant mFOLFIRINO X followed by surgical resection and 4 cycles of adjuvant mFOLFIRINOX. Patients in the comparator arm undergo surgical resection followed by 12 cycles of adjuvant mFOLFIRINOX. CONDITION: ; pancreatic cancer ; resectable pancreatic cancer 10015674 10017991 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Primary endpoint is overall survival by intention to treat.; SECONDARY OUTCOME: To compare between the study arms: ; • Progression free survival (PFS) ; • Distant metastases free survival ; • Locoregional progression free survival ; • Distant metastases free interval ; • Locoregional progression free interval ; • Chemotherapy start rate ; • Number of chemotherapy cycles received ; • Chemotherapy completion rate ; • Dose intensity ; • Staging laparoscopy rate ; • Laparoscopy yield ; • Surgical exploration rate ; • Resection rate ; • Microscopically margin‐negative resection rate ; • Lymph node‐negative resection rate ; • Adverse events ; • Postoperative complications ; • Quality of life ; • Serum CA 19‐9 and CEA response ; ; To investigate in arm 1 only: ; • Clinical response rate ; • Pathologic response ; INCLUSION CRITERIA: • Histologically or cytologically (Bethesda 5 or 6) confirmed pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma. • Resectable tumor according to DPCG criteria: no arterial contact and venous contact with the superior mesenteric vein or portal vein of 90 degrees or less • No evidence for metastatic disease* • WHO performance status of 0 or 1 • Ability to undergo surgery and mFOLFIRINO Xchemotherapy • Leucocytes (WBC) >= 3.0 X109/L • Platelets >= 100 X109/L • Hemoglobin >= 6.0 mmol/l • Renal function: eGFR >= 40 ml/min • Age >= 18 years • Written informed consent * Lesions on chest CT that are too small to characterize are not considered metastatic disease.
Evaluation of durvalumab in combination with olaparib and paclitaxel in high-risk HER2 negativestage II/III breast cancer: results from the I-SPY 2 TRIAL; Background: I‐SPY2 is a multicenter, phase 2 trial using response‐adaptive randomization with in molecularsubtypes defined by receptor status and MammaPrint risk to evaluate novel agents as neoadjuvant therapy forbreast cancer. The primary endpoint is pathologic complete response (pCR, ypT0/is ypN0)). DNA repair deficiencyin cancer cells can lead to immunogenic neoantigens, activation of the STING pathway, and PARP inhibition canalso upregulate PD‐L1 expression. Based on these rationales we tested the combination of durvalumab (anti‐PDL1), olaparib (PARP inhibitor) and paclitaxel in I‐SPY2. Methods: Women with tumors ≥ 2.5 cm were eligible for screening. Only HER2 negative (HER2‐) patients were eligible for this treatment, hormone receptor positive (HR+) patients had to have MammaPrint high molecular profile. Treatment included durvalumab 1500 mg every 4 weeks x 3, olaparib 100 mg twice daily through weeks 1‐11concurrent with paclitaxel 80 mg/m2 weekly x 12 (DOP) followed by doxorubicin/cyclophosphamide (AC) x 4. Thecontrol arm was weekly paclitaxel x 12 followed by AC x 4. All patients undergo serial MRI imaging and imagingresponse at 3 & 12 weeks combined with accumulating pCR data are used to estimate, and continuously update, predicted pCR rate for the trial arm. Regimens “graduation with success” when the Bayesian predictive probability of success in a 300‐patient phase 3 neoadjuvant trial in the appropriate biomarker groups reaches > 85%. Results: A total of 73 patients received DOP treatment including 21 HR‐tumors (i.e. triple‐negative breast cancer, TNBC) and 52 HR+ tumors between May 2018 ‐June 2019. The control group included 299 patients with HER2‐tumors. The DOP arm graduated in June 2019, 13 months after enrollment had started, for all HER2‐negative and the HR+/HER2‐cohorts with > 0.85% predictive probabilities of success. 72 patient completed surgery and evaluable for pCR, the final predicted probabilities of success in a future phase III trial to demonstrate higher pCRrate with DOP compared to control are 81% for all HER2‐cancers (estimated pCR rate 37%), 80% for TNBC(estimated pCR rate 47%) and 74.5% for HR+/HER2‐patients (estimated pCR rate 28%). Association between pCR and germline BRCA status and immune gene expression including PDL1 will be presented at the meeting. Nounexpected toxicities were seen, but 10 patients (14%) had possibly immune or olaparib related grade 2/3 AEs (3pneumonitis, 2 adrenal insufficiency, 1 colitis, 1 pancreatitis, 2 elevated LFT, 1 skin toxicity, 2 hypothyroidism, 1hyperthyroidism, 1 esophagitis). Conclusion: I‐SPY2 demonstrated a significant improvement in pCR with durvalumab and olaparib included with paclitaxel compared to chemotherapy alone in women with stage II/III high‐risk, HER2‐negative breast cancer, improvement was seen in both the HR+ and TNBC subsets.
Immune Checkpoint Inhibitor PD-1 Antibody Combined With Chemotherapy in the Perioperative Treatment of Locally Advanced Resectable Gastric or Gastroesophageal Junction Adenocarcinoma; The FOLFIRINOX regimen has become the standard treatment regimen for advanced colorectal cancer, advanced pancreatic cancer and postoperative adjuvant treatment for pancreatic cancer. With the continuous exploration of Chinese scholars, it has also revised the modified dose suitable for the physical fitness of the Chinese people, which is well tolerated and has a clear efficiency. The drugs in this program are all standard treatment drugs for gastric cancer. In 2020, JAMA Network Open and JAMA Oncology successively reported the application of FOLFIRINOX in the perioperative period of gastric cancer and the late‐stage results of gastric cancer, and they obtained very amazing data respectively. According to the results of CheckMate‐649, the FDA approved Nivolumab combined chemotherapy for first‐line treatment of advanced or metastatic gastric cancer, gastroesophageal junction cancer and esophageal adenocarcinoma, regardless of PD‐L1 expression. At the same time, this is also the first first‐line immunotherapy approved by the FDA for gastric cancer.However, there is no definite conclusion about the preoperative neoadjuvant or perioperative clinical research, so it is necessary to explore the efficacy of PD‐1 antibody in the perioperative period. This study is a single‐center, randomized, controlled phase II clinical study. The primary endpoint of the study is the perioperative administration of mFOLFIRINOX regimen combined with PD‐1 antibody and D2 radical resection for the treatment of resectable advanced gastric cancer. The deep tumor remission rate (TRG0 and TRG1) , secondary endpoints include pCR rate, 3‐year DFS rate, safety, R0 resection rate, D2 radical resection rate, 5‐year DFS rate, 5‐year OS rate.
Clinical study on the efficacy and safety of PD-L1 antibody envafolimab combined with postoperative adjuvant chemotherapy in the treatment of pancreatic cancer; INTERVENTION: Postoperative adjuvant chemotherapy for pancreatic cancer:chemotherapy;Postoperative adjuvant chemotherapy for pancreatic cancer:chemotherapy combined with immunotherapy; CONDITION: pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: DFS;treatment safety; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1) Sign the informed consent form. Received a full explanation and understanding of the purpose, content, predicted efficacy, pharmacological effects, and risks of this trial, and the subjects signed the informed consent form. Subjects voluntarily joined this study, had good compliance, were able to carry out treatment and follow‐up, and voluntarily complied with the relevant provisions of this study; 2) Target Audience a) Radical resection with pathologically confirmed pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma; b) Good postoperative recovery, no serious postoperative complications, no abnormalities in liver and kidney function, and blood routine c) No prior neoadjuvant chemotherapy, radiotherapy, immune checkpoint inhibitor therapy, or targeted therapy; d) ECOG PS score: 0 1 or Karnofsky performance status (KPS) before enrollment (KPS) greater than or equal to 70 points; 3) There is no abnormality in the results of physical examination and laboratory
Effects of intensive physiotherapy on Quality of Life (QoL) after pancreatic cancer resection: a randomized controlled trial; BACKGROUND: Patients have significantly lower QoL scores after pancreatic resection due to cancer in the physical and psychological domains compared to healthy controls or other cancer patients. Intensified physiotherapy or physical training can increase QoL by reducing fatigue levels and improving physical functioning. However, data on the long‐term effects of intensive or supervised physiotherapy is lacking. The aim of this exploratory study is the assessment of QoL in the intervention group, using various QoL questionnaires in their validated German translations and gather data on its feasibility in the context of chemotherapy with a follow‐up of 12 months (and develop concepts to improve QoL after pancreatic cancer resection). METHODS: Fifty‐six patients (mean age: 66.4 ± 9.9 years) were randomized in this study to intervention (cohort A, n = 28) or control group (cohort B, n = 28). Intervention of intensified physiotherapy program consisted of endurance and muscle force exercises using cycle ergometer. In the control group physiotherapy was limited to the duration of the hospital stay and was scheduled for 20 min on 5 days per week. The clinical visits took place 2 days preoperatively, 1 week, 3 months, 6 months and 12 months postoperatively. Both groups attended the follow‐up program. QoL was evaluated using the Short Physical Performance Battery (SPPB), Short Form‐8 Health Survey (SF‐8) and the European Organization for Research and Treatment of Cancer (EORTC) QLQ‐C30 and pancreatic cancer‐specific module QLQ‐PAN26 questionnaires. The course of QoL was evaluated using a repeated measures ANOVA and a per protocol design. RESULTS: Of the initial 56 randomized patients, 34 finished the 12 months follow‐up period. There were no adverse events due to the intervention and 80% of patients in the intervention group where adherent. There was no significant influence on physical performance as measured by SPPB and SF‐8 questionnaire. However, after 6 months patients in the intervention group regained their prior physical condition, whereas the control group did not. Intensive physiotherapy significantly influenced various factors of QoL measured with the C30 questionnaire positively, such as physical functioning (p = 0.018), role functioning (p = 0.036), and appetite loss (p = 0.037), even after 6 months. No negative effects in patients undergoing chemotherapy compared to those without chemotherapy was observed. CONCLUSION: This first randomized controlled study with a 12‐month follow‐up shows that supervised physiotherapy or prescribed home‐based exercise after pancreatic cancer resection is safe and feasible and should be proposed and started as soon as possible to improve certain aspects of QoL. TRIAL REGISTRATION: German Clinical Trials Register (No: DRKS00006786 ); Date of registration: 01/10/2014.
Reconstruction of splenic vein after pancreaticoduodenectomy with splenic vein ligation: prospective study; INTERVENTION: Reconstruction of splenic vein after pancreaticoduodenectomy with splenic vein resection. No reconstruction of splenic vein after pancreaticoduodenectomy with splenic vein resection. CONDITION: resectable or borderline resectable pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: The patency of reconstructed splenic vein, the development of varices and splenic hypertrophy rate. INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1) Patients who undergo pancreaticoduodenectomy with splenic vein resection regardless of neoadjuvant chemo(radiation) therapy. 2) Performance status should be 0‐1. 3) Patients who understand the explanation of this study.
Survival analysis after pre-surgical therapy in patients with resectable pancreatic cancer and risk factors; INTERVENTION: Product Name: Irinotecan Pharmaceutical Form: Concentrate for solution for injection/infusion INN or Proposed INN: IRINOTECAN CAS Number: 97682‐44‐5 Concentration unit: mg/m2 milligram(s)/square meter Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 150‐ Product Name: Fluorouracil Pharmaceutical Form: Solution for infusion INN or Proposed INN: fluoroulacil Other descriptive name: FLUOROURACIL Concentration unit: mg/m2 milligram(s)/square meter Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 2400‐ Product Name: Oxaliplatin Pharmaceutical Form: Solution for infusion INN or Proposed INN: OXALIPLATIN CAS Number: 61825‐94‐3 Concentration unit: mg/m2 milligram(s)/square meter Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 85‐ Product Name: calcium folinate Pharmaceutical Form: Solution for infusion INN or Proposed INN: CALCIUM FOLINATE Other descriptive name: CALCIUM FOLINATE Concentration unit: mg/m2 milligram(s)/square meter Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 400‐ CONDITION: Resectable pancreatic cancer and risk factors ; MedDRA version: 21.0 Level: LLT Classification code 10033608 Term: Pancreatic cancer resectable System Organ Class: 100000004864 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Cancer [C04] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To assess overall survival in patients treated with neoadyuvant chemotherapy before surgery‐resection and adyuvant chemotherapy vs patients traeted only with adjuvant chemotherapy after surgery‐resection Primary end point(s): Period (weeks) until death Secondary Objective: To assess in both patients (experimental vs control arms):; ‐ Progression free survival ; ‐ Number of completed cycles fo chemotherapy; ‐ Local and metastatic recurrence; ‐ Post‐surgical morbidity; ‐ Resection rate R0; ‐ Safety of the neoadyuvant chemotherapy Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Not applicable, since time is the endpoint of evaluation SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): ‐ Period (weeks) until recurrence disease (local or metastatic recurrence); ‐ Number of completed chemotherapy cycles; ‐ development and location of new lesions ; ‐ Number and data about post‐surgical events (if any); ‐ Resection rate RO; ‐ Number and data about adverse events. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: These data will be recordered along the follow up period of patients (since cycle 1‐ day 1 until the end of the follow up period) INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Patients diagnosed with resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma plus risk factors 2. Histological diagnosis of pancreatic adenocarcinoma by fine needle aspiration (FNA) performed by Echoendoscopy. 3. Patients who have not received prior therapy for pancreatic cancer. 4. Biliary drainage prior to neoadjuvant treatment. 5. Age> 18 years and <70 years. 6. No history of cerebrovascular accident (CVA) or myocardial infarction (MI) in 6 months prior to neoadjuvant treatment. 7. Women of childbearing potential and sexually active men must agree to the use of appropriate contraceptive methods (hormonal, barrier, or abstinence) prior to study enrollment and during study participation. 8. Patients should have normal organs and spinal function. 9. Ability to understand, and willingness to sign a written informed consent document. Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F
A phase II trial of short-course versus long-course pre-operative chemotherapy with mFOLFIRINOX or PAXG regimen for stage I-III pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC; INTERVENTION: Trade Name: CISPLATINO SANDOZ ‐ 1 FLAC 100 ML CONCENTRATO PER INFUSIONE 0.5 MG/ML Product Name: Cisplatino Product Code: [15663‐27‐1] Pharmaceutical Form: Concentrate for solution for injection/infusion CAS Number: 15663‐27‐1 Current Sponsor code: ND Concentration unit: mg/ml milligram(s)/millilitre Concentration type: up to Concentration number: 100‐ Trade Name: ABRAXANE ‐ 5 MG/ML ‐ POLVERE PER SOSPENSIONE PER INFUSIONE ‐ USO ENDOVENOSO‐ 100 MG ‐ FLACONCINO(VETRO) 1 FLACONCINO Product Name: abraxane Product Code: [ABI‐007] Pharmaceutical Form: Powder for solution for injection/infusion CAS Number: 33069‐62‐4 Current Sponsor code: ND Other descriptive name: NAB‐PACLITAXEL Concentration unit: mg/ml milligram(s)/millilitre Concentration type: range Concentration number: 3‐12 Trade Name: XELODA ‐ 500 MG 120 COMPRESSE FILMRIVESTITE IN BLISTER USO ORALE Product Name: XELODA Product Code: [154361‐50‐9] Pharmaceutical Form: Tablet CAS Number: 154361‐50‐9 Current Sponsor code: ND Other descriptive name: XELODA Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: up to Concentration number: 500‐ Trade Name: GEMZAR ‐ 200 MG POLVERE PER SOLUZIONE PER INFUSIONE 1 FLACONCINO DA 200 MG Product Name: Gemcitabina Product Code: [95058‐81‐4] Pharmaceutical Form: Concentrate for solution for injection/infusion CAS Number: 95058‐81‐4 Current Sponsor code: ND Other descriptive name: GEMZAR Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 200‐ Trade Name: IRINOTECAN HOSPIRA ‐ 20MG/ML CONCENTRATO PER SOLUZIONE PER INFUSIONE 1 FLACONCINO IN VETRO DA 100MG/5ML Product Name: irinotecan Product Code: [37037025] Pharmaceutical Form: Concentrate for solution for injection/infusion CAS Number: 100286‐90‐6 Current Sponsor code: ND Other descriptive name: CAM CONDITION: Patients with pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma ; MedDRA version: 21.0 Level: LLT Classification code 10033602 Term: Pancreatic adenocarcinoma resectable System Organ Class: 100000004864 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Cancer [C04] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: to compare in terms of 1yr‐EFS the efficacy of PAXG to that of mFOLFIRINOX.; to compare in terms of 1yr‐EFS the efficacy of 4 months pre‐operative and 2 months postoperative chemotherapy to that of 6 months of pre‐operative chemotherapy Primary end point(s): EFS,; CA19‐9 failure ; recurrence; ; preoperative or intraoperative unresectability; intraoperative evidence of metastases; death for any cause; whichever occurs first. Secondary Objective: OS, RECIST response rate, CA19.9 response rate, and complete pathologic response, resectability rate, surgical mortality and morbidity rate, intra‐ and post‐operative metastasis rate, N0 and R0 resections rate, patients reported outcomes, and treatment toxicity Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: EFS, defined as the time from randomization to: RECIST progression [At least a 20% increase in the sum of diameters of target lesions, taking as reference the smallest sum on study (this includes the baseline sum if that is the smallest on study). In addition to the relative increase of 20%, the sum must also demonstrate an absolute increase of at least 5 mm. (Note: the appearance of one or more new lesions is also considered progression]; CA19‐9 failure (defined as 2 consecutive increases of serum level =20%, separated by at least 4 weeks); recurrence; preoperative or intraoperative unresectability; intraoperative evidence of metastases; death for any cause; whichever occurs first. R1 resections will NOT be considered as events whereas R2 resections will be. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): EFS,; CA19‐9 failure ; recurrence; ; preoperative or intraoperative unresectability; intraoperative evidence of metastases; death for any cause; whichever occurs first. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: EFS, defined as the time from randomization to: RECIST progression [At least a 20% increase in the sum of diameters of target lesions, taking as reference the smallest sum on study (this includes the baseline sum if that is the smallest on study). In addition to the relative increase of 20%, the sum must also demonstrate an absolute increase of at least 5 mm. (Note: the appearance of one or more new lesions is also considered progression]; CA19‐9 failure (defined as 2 consecutive increases of serum level =20%, separated by at least 4 weeks); recurrence; preoperative or intraoperative unresectability; intraoperative evidence of metastases; death for any cause; whichever occurs first. R1 resections will NOT be considered as events whereas R2 resections will be. INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Cyto/histological diagnosis of pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma*; 2. Clinical stage I‐III disease according to TNM 8th Ed. 2017 [appendix 1]; 3. Resectable or borderline resectable disease, as anatomically defined according to NCCN Guidelines Version 1.2020 4. Karnofsky Performance Status > 60% [appendix 3]; 5. Age ¿ 18 and = 75 years; 6. Adequate bone marrow function (GB = 3500/mm3, neutrophils =1500/mm3, platelets = 100000/mm3, Hb =10 g/dl); 7. Adequate kidney function (serum creatinine < 1.5 mg/dL); 8. Adequate liver function (ALT and AST < 3 ULN and Serum total bilirubin = 1.5 ULN); 9. No prior treatment (chemotherapy, radiotherapy and/or surgery) for pancreatic cancer; 10. Women must not be on pregnancy or lactation; 11. Patient of child‐bearing potential must agree to use two medically acceptable methods of contraception (one for the patient and one for the partner) during the study and for 4 months after the last study tr
Chemical splanchnicectomy in patients with unresectable pancreatic cancer. A prospective randomized trial; OBJECTIVE: A prospective, randomized, double‐blind study was completed comparing intraoperative chemical splanchnicectomy with 50% alcohol versus a placebo injection of saline in patients with histologically proven unresectable pancreatic cancer. METHODS: Standardized assessment of pain, mood, and disability due to pain was completed preoperatively and at 2‐month intervals until death. Chemical splanchnicectomy with alcohol was performed in 65 patients, whereas 72 patients received the placebo. The two groups were similar with respect to age, sex, location, and stage of tumor, operation performed, the use of postoperative chemo‐ and radiation therapy, and initial assessment scores for pain, mood, and disability. RESULTS: No differences in hospital mortality or complications, return to oral intake, or length of hospital stay were observed. Mean pain scores were significantly lower in the alcohol group at 2‐, 4‐, and 6‐month follow‐up and at the final assessment (p < 0.05). To further determine the effect of chemical splanchnicectomy, patients were stratified into those with and without preoperative pain. In patients without preoperative pain, alcohol significantly reduced pain scores and delayed or prevented the subsequent onset of pain (p < 0.05). In patients with significant preoperative pain, alcohol significantly reduced existing pain (p < 0.05). Furthermore, patients with preexisting pain who received alcohol showed a significant improvement in survival when compared with controls (p < 0.0001). CONCLUSION: The results suggest that intraoperative chemical splanchnicectomy with alcohol significantly reduces or prevents pain in patients with unresectable pancreatic cancer.
Hypoxyradiotherapy of malignant tumors: experience and perspectives; The results of the randomized treatment of 1,280 cancer patients (hypooxyradiotherapy (HRT)‐‐923, radiotherapy as a control procedure‐‐357) are discussed. HRT was administered pre‐operatively to cases of stomach cancer, colonic carcinoma and breast cancer. Owing to reduced radiation injury caused by HRT, pre‐operative dosage was increased by 50% (single dose‐‐6 Gy; total dose‐‐30 Gy; 54 isoGy) in stomach cancer patients, and by 25% (single dose‐‐5; total dose‐‐25 Gy; 40 isoGy) in colonic cancer patients. The time of pre‐operative irradiation with a single HRT dose of 10 Gy (28 isoGy) for breast tumors was reduced 4 times. As a result of HRT application, dosage rose by 25‐42% in treating pancreatic carcinoma and non‐organ retroperitoneal tumors.
WT1 peptide pulse dendritic cells vaccine therapy for pancreatic cancer following resection; INTERVENTION: For patients with pancreatic cancer following curative resection, investigate the disease control according to immunotherapy, providing WT1 pulsed dendritic cells vaccine in addition to S‐1 chemotherapy. CONDITION: Pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: Relapse free survival (RFS) SECONDARY OUTCOME: Overall survival (OS); Overall survival following the additive WT1 pulsed DC vaccine therapy within the S‐1 chemotherapy group.; Immunological monitoring (Tetramer analysis, ELISpot assay, DTH) and relationship with OS, RFS, and incidence of adverse events. INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1) Achieving a good understanding of the clinical trial, the patients' role as subjects of the trial, and acquiring a written consent. 2) Patients underwent S‐1 as adjuvant postoperative treatment following curative resection. However, they should not have undergone other preoperative treatments. 3) Patients must have a normal oral intake. 4) Patients must be aged 20 years or older at the time of agreement acquisition. 5) Patients' PS (ECOG) must be 0 to 1. 6) When enrolling in the study, individuals should not be participating in other clinical studies. 7) No history of treatment of chemotherapy or radiotherapy in the past 3 years. 8) The cardiovascular system has a sufficient function to undergo apheresis of peripheral‐blood mononuclear cells. 9) Sufficient functionality of bone marrow, liver, and the kidneys is maintained. Specifically, the patients must satisfy the following criteria within 14 days of pre‐registration. 1 White blood
A randomized controlled trial to verify the non-inferiority of partially covered self-expandable metal stent (PCSEMS) to uncovered self-expandable metal stent (UCSEMS) for biliary drainage during neoadjuvant therapy in pancreatic cancer patients with obstructive jaundice; INTERVENTION: Uncovered stent Partially covered stent CONDITION: pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: Biliary event rate until surgery after biliary stenting with a metal stent SECONDARY OUTCOME: (1) curative resection rate; (2)Time to Recurrent biliary obstruction; (3)Chemotherapy accomplishment/delay/discontinuation; (4)Other stent‐related adverse events; (5)Frequency and severity of adverse events after curative surgery INCLUSION CRITERIA:
Application of Radiosensitizer to Particle Combined with GEM in the Treatment of Advanced Pancreatic Cancer; INTERVENTION: Case series:gemcitabine when using radiosensitizer in combination with GEN and chemotherapy;Group 1:125I+Gemcitabine (routine dose);Group 2:Radiosensitizer X + 125I + Gemcitabine (routine dose);Group 3:Radiosensitizer X + 125I + Gemcitabine (property dose); CONDITION: Pancreatic cancer INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. The first Central Hospital of Tianjin from October 2016 to March 2019 clinical diagnosis of pancreatic cancer, clinical TNM stage III or IV, patients can not be radical surgery; 2. Intraoperative or postoperative pathological confirmed as Pancreatic cancer patients; 3. Life expectancy of patients = 3 months; 4. Patients or their families agree to the implementation of particle implantation; 5. Patients without heart, kidney and other important organ disease severity, preoperative assessment can tolerate the treatment.
A Randomized Controlled Study About the Safety and Efficacy of Intraoperative Intraperitoneal Hyperthermia for Pancreatic Cancer Patients; INTERVENTION: Study group:Surgery and intraoperative hyperthermia;Control group:Surgery; CONDITION: Pancreatic Cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: Survival time;Tumor markers;Morbidity;Other surgery related data;Recurrence; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Aged = 80 years; 2. Diagnosed with pancreatic cancer by lab examination and CT scan preoperaitvely; 3. Life expectancy > 3 Months; 4. Acceptable heart,lung,liver and kidney founction; 5. No preoperative chemotherapy or radiotherapy; 6. Signed informed consent.
"HEATPAC" - a phase II randomized study of concurrent thermochemoradiotherapy versus chemoradiotherapy alone in locally advanced pancreatic cancer; BACKGROUND: Pancreatic cancer has a dismal prognosis with 5‐year overall survival rate of around 5%. Although surgery is still the best option in operable cases, majority of the patients who present in locally advanced stages are deemed inoperable. Novel approaches are therefore needed for the management of around 80% of these inoperable locally advanced pancreatic cancers (LAPC). Hyperthermia (39‐43 °C) is a potent radiosensitizer and further enhances the action of gemcitabine, also a known radiosensitizer. Thus through triple sensitization, a combination of hyperthermia, radiotherapy and gemcitabine could be expected to improve the therapeutic outcomes in LAPC. METHODS: This phase II randomized trial, HEATPAC in unresectable LAPC, explores the feasibility and efficacy of concurrent thermochemoradiotherapy (HTCTRT) over chemoradiotherapy (CTRT) alone with pre‐ and post‐intervention FOLFIRINOX at standard dosage and schedule. Following 4 cycles of neoadjuvant FOLFIRINOX, patients with no metastasis and absence of gross peritoneal carcinomatosis would be randomized to either (a) control arm: concurrent CTRT with gemcitabine (400 mg/m2, weekly ×6) or (b) study arm: locoregional hyperthermia (weekly ×6 during radiotherapy) with concurrent CTRT (same as in control arm). All patients would receive simultaneous‐integrated boost intensity‐modulated radiation therapy to doses of 56Gy and 50.4Gy to the gross and clinical target volumes respectively delivered in 28 fractions over 5.5 weeks. Deep locoregional hyperthermia would be administered weekly and monitored with real‐time intraduodenal multisensor thermometry probe. A temperature of 40‐43 °C for 60 min would be aimed for each hyperthermia session. On completion of CTRT/HTCTRT, patients of both groups would receive an additional 8 cycles of FOLFIRINOX. DISCUSSION: The expected 1‐year baseline overall survival with CTRT alone is considered as 40%. With HTCTRT, a survival advantage of +20% is expected. Considering α = 0.05 and β = 0.80 for sample size computation, a total of 86 patients would be equally randomized into the two treatment groups. This phase II study if found to be safe and effective, would form the basis of a future phase III randomized study. TRIAL REGISTRATION: The trial has been registered with the ClinicalTrials.gov ( NCT02439593 ). The study has been approved by the Ethical Commissions of Basel and Zurich and is open for patient recruitment.
Two-yr oncologic outcomes of ORC vs. RARC: focus on recurrence sites from a prospective-randomized study; Introduction & Objectives: Few data from prospective randomized trials are available reporting oncological outcomes of robotic radical cystectomy (RC) with intracorporeal urinary diversion versus the open approach. We present 2‐yr oncological outcomes from a prospective randomized study comparing open (ORC) versus robotic (RRC) approach, assessing between group differences in terms of site of metastasis. Materials & Methods: Between Jan 2018 and Sept 2020, 116 patients with cT2‐4N0M0, or recurrent high‐grade non‐muscle invasive bladder cancer (BC) underwent a covariate adaptive randomization process based on BMI, ASA score, preoperative hgb, urinary diversion, neoadiuvant chemotherapy and cT‐stage (clinicaltrials.gov/show/NCT03434132) and received ORC or RRC. Student‐t and Chi‐Square tests were used for continuous and categorical variables, respectively. Two‐yr disease‐free (DFS), metastasis‐free (MFS) and cancer‐specific survival (CSS) were compared between cohorts using log rank test. Univariable and multivariable regression analyses were applied to identify independent predictors of survival. Sites of recurrence were reported and compared between ORC and RRC groups. Results: Clinical and pathological features were reported. Two‐yr DFS, MFS and CSS were 70.9%, 76.3% and 96.4% versus 86%, 85.9% and 78.8% for ORC and RRC, respectively (log rank p=0.52, p=0.49 and p=0.15, respectively. At multivariable analysis pTstage>2 (HR 6.09 95%CI 2.1‐17.1, p=0.001) and lymph‐node density (HR 1.02; 1.001‐1.037, p=0.035) were independent predictors of DFS; pathologic extravesical disease was the only independent predictor of MFS (pT>2 HR 8.63 95% CI 2.65‐28.69, p=0.001). At a median f‐up of 14 months a total of 27 metastases occurred in 17 patients, 17 and 10 in ORC and RRC cohort, respectively. Sites of metastasis were lung, liver, brain, nodes, pancreas, skin/ports and peritoneum (Fig.) with a slight trend towards different distribution between ORC and RRC (p=0.085). Incidence of pulmonary (40%) and bone metastasis (26.7%) was higher in ORC cohort, while incidence of visceral (30%) and peritoneal (30%) metastasis was higher in RRC cohort (Fig.). (Figure Presented) Conclusions: ORC and RRC showed comparable oncological outcomes. Site‐specific metastatic spread following robotic or open approach should be confirmed with longer follow‐up and would require specific investigation to understand molecular basis of events.
Two-yr oncologic outcomes of open vs robotic radical cystectomy: focus on recurrence sites from a prospective-randomized study; INTRODUCTION AND OBJECTIVE: Few data from prospective randomized trials are available reporting oncological outcomes of robotic radical cystectomy (RC) with intracorporeal urinary diversion versus the open approach. We present 2‐yr oncological outcomes from a prospective randomized study comparing open (ORC) versus robotic (RRC) approach, assessing between group differences in terms of site of metastasis. METHODS: Between Jan 2018 and Sept 2020, 116 patients with cT2‐4N0M0, or recurrent high‐grade non‐muscle invasive bladder cancer underwent a covariate adaptive randomization process based on BMI, ASA score, preoperative hgb, urinary diversion, neoadiuvant chemotherapy and cT‐stage (clinicaltrials.gov/show/NCT03434132) and received ORC or RRC. Student‐t and Chi‐Square tests were used for continuous and categorical variables, respectively. Two‐yr disease free (DFS), metastasis‐free (MFS) and cancer‐specific survival (CSS) were compared between cohorts using log rank test. Univariable and multivariable regression analyses were applied to identify independent predictors of survival. Sites of recurrence were reported and compared between ORC and RRC groups. RESULTS: Two‐yr DFS, MFS and CSS were 70.9%, 76.3% and 96.4% versus 86%, 85.9% and 78.8% for ORC and RRC, respectively (log rank p=0.52, p=0.49 and p=0.15, respectively. At multivariable analysis pTstage >2 (HR 6.09 95%CI 2.1‐17.1, p=0.001) and lymph‐node density (HR 1.02; 1.001‐1.037, p=0.035) were independent predictors of DFS; pathologic extravesical disease was the only independent predictor of MFS (pT >2 HR 8.63 95% CI 2.65‐ 28.69, p=0.001). At a median f‐up of 14 months a total of 27 metastases occurred in 17 patients, 17 and 10 in ORC and RRC cohort, respectively. Sites of metastasis were lung, liver, brain, nodes, pancreas, skin/ports and peritoneum with a slight trend towards different distribution between ORC and RRC (p=0.085). Incidence of pulmonary (40%) and bone metastasis (26.7%) was higher in ORC cohort, while incidence of visceral (30%) and peritoneal (30%) metastasis was higher in RRC cohort (Fig.1). CONCLUSIONS: ORC and RRC showed comparable oncological outcomes. Site‐specific metastatic spread following robotic or open approach should be confirmed with longer follow‐up and would require specific investigation to understand molecular basis of events.
Two-yr oncologic outcomes of open vs robotic radical cystectomy: focus on recurrence sites from a prospective-randomized study; Author of the Study: Few data from prospective randomized trials are available reporting oncological outcomes of robotic radical cystectomy (RC) with intracorporeal urinary diversion versus the open approach. We present 2‐yr oncological outcomes from a prospective randomized study comparing open (ORC) versus robotic (RRC) approach, assessing between group differences in terms of site of metastasis. Materials and Methods: Between Jan 2018 and Sept 2020,116 patients with cT2–4N0M0, or recurrent high‐grade non‐muscle invasive bladder cancer underwent a covariate adaptive randomization process based on BMI, ASA score, preoperative hgb, urinary diversion, neoadiuvant chemotherapy and cT‐stage (clinicaltrials.gov/show/ NCT03434132) and received ORC or RRC. Student‐t and Chi‐Square tests were used for continuous and categorical variables, respectively. Two‐yr disease free (DFS), metastasis‐free (MFS) and cancer‐specific survival (CSS) were compared between cohorts using log rank test. Univariable and multivariable regression analyses were applied to identify independent predictors of survival. Sites of recurrence were reported and comparedbetween ORC and RRC groups. Results: Two‐yr DFS, MFS and CSS were 70.9%, 76.3% and 96.4% versus 86%, 85.9% and 78.8% for ORC and RRC, respectively (log rank p = 0.52, p = 0.49 and p = 0.15, respectively. At multivariable analysis pTstage>2 (HR 6.09 95%CI 2.1–17.1, p = 0.001) and lymph‐node density (HR 1.02; 1.001–1.037, p = 0.035) were independent predictors of DFS; pathologic extravesical disease was the only independent predictor of MFS (pT>2 HR 8.63 95% CI 2.65–28.69, p = 0.001). At amedian f‐up of 14 months a total of 27 metastases occurred in 17 patients, 17 and 10 in ORC and RRC cohort, respectively. Sites of metastasis were lung, liver, brain, nodes, pancreas, skin/ports and peritoneum with a slight trend towards different distribution between ORC and RRC (p = 0.085). Incidence of pulmonary (40%) and bone metastasis (26.7%)was higher in ORC cohort, while incidence of visceral (30%) and peritoneal (30%) metastasis was higher in RRC cohort. Conclusions: ORC and RRC showed comparable oncological outcomes. Site‐specific metastatic spread following robotic or open approach should be confirmed with longer follow‐up and would require specific investigation to understand molecular basis of events
An Exercise and Nutrition Monitoring Intervention (Pt Pal) for the Improvement of Strength in Patients With Pancreatic or Stomach Cancer Receiving Chemoradiation Therapy Before Surgery, SurgeryStrong Study; PRIMARY OBJECTIVE:I. In patients with pancreatic and gastric cancer undergoing preoperative chemoradiationand potentially curative resection, compare the change in dynamic lower muscle strengthas measured by the 1 repetition maximum (1‐RM) leg press between the time of enrollmentand prior to resection in those who: a. Are offered aerobic exercise encouragement priorto surgery b. Are offered aerobic exercise encouragement, nutrition monitoring, and astructured strength exercise program prior to surgery.SECONDARY OBJECTIVES:I. To compare the change in dynamic muscle strength as measured by the 1‐RM for the chestpress, seated row, and leg extension.II. To compare upper and lower body muscle endurance as defined by the maximal number ofrepetitions performed at 70% of the pre‐exercise 1‐RM for the chest and leg press.III. To compare the change in the six minute walk test (6MWT) distance of patientsbetween the time of enrollment and prior to resection.IV. To compare physical function (patient‐reported based on the Patient Reported OutcomesMeasurement Information System (PROMIS) Physical Function Short Form and objectivelybased on grip strength) between groups.V. To compare the quality of life (Functional Assessment of Cancer Therapy, patients withhepatobiliary cancer [FACT‐Hep]) between groups.VI. To compare exercise motivation (Behavioral Regulation in Exercise Questionnaire[BREQ]‐3) between groups.VII. To compare anthropometric measures (e.g., weight, skeletal muscle, visceral fat andsubcutaneous fat) using SliceOMatic software from usual care computed tomography (CT)scans between groups.VIII. To assess the incidence of perioperative adverse events that occur within 90 daysbetween groups (Accordion score).IX. To compare changes in physical activity between the time of enrollment andimmediately prior to surgery based on the Modified Godin‐Shephard Leisure Time PhysicalActivity Questionnaire.X. To evaluate feasibility of patient completion of 24‐hour recall via AutomatedSelf‐Administered 24‐Hour Dietary Assessment Tool (ASA‐24).XI. To measure adoption of nutrition recommendations as compared to baseline. XII. Tocompare adherence to nutrition recommendations within and between groups.XIII. To compare "usual care" laboratory studies including those that are indicators ofnutritional status within and between groups.XIV. To compare the vascular and tumor structure, and immune cell infiltration in tumorsbetween patients in different groups.XV. To compare potential biomarkers of angiogenesis and inflammation that correlate withexercise, disease pathology, and/or clinical and functional outcomes.XVI. To store in a research bank any remaining tissue or blood (collected for thepurposes of the above objectives) for the possibility of future analysis.OUTLINE: Patients are randomized to 1 of 2 arms.ARM A: Patients are encouraged to complete at least 30 minutes of moderate intensityaerobic exercise, at least 3 times per week. Patients receive nutrition consultation witha registered dietitian and monitor dietary intake. Aerobic exercises and nutrition aretracked in the Pt Pal app.ARM B: Patients complete at least 30 minutes of moderate intensity aerobic exercise (suchas brisk walking or stationary bike cycling) at least 3 times per week. Patients alsocomplete strength exercises with resistance tubes/bands at least 2 times per week, withat least 2 sets of 8‐15 repetitions of the exercises taught. Patients receive nutritionconsultation with a registered dietitian and monitor dietary intake. Patients alsoconsume a high protein snack/meal/shake (15‐25 grams) within 1 hour after anystrengthening exercises. Exercise activities and nutrition are tracked in the Pt Pal app.After randomization, patients are followed up at 4‐6 weeks.
Oxaliplatin plus S-1 or capecitabine as neoadjuvant or adjuvant chemotherapy for locally advanced gastric cancer with D2 lymphadenectomy: 5-year follow-up results of a phase II−III randomized trial; Objective: To compare the effect of neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NACT) with adjuvant chemotherapy (ACT) using oxaliplatin plus S‐1 (SOX) or capecitabine (CapeOX) on gastric cancer patients with D2 lymphadenectomy. Methods: This was a two‐by‐two factorial randomized phase II−III trial, and registered on ISRCTN registry (No. ISRCTN12206108). Locally advanced gastric cancer patients were randomized to neoadjuvant SOX, neoadjuvant CapeOX, adjuvant SOX, or adjuvant CapeOX arms. Primary analysis was performed on an intention‐to‐treat (ITT) basis using overall survival (OS) as primary endpoint. Results: This trial started in September 2011 and closed in December 2012 with 100 patients enrolled. Treatment completion rate was 56%, 52%, 38% and 30% in the four arms, respectively. NACT group had fewer dropouts due to unacceptable toxicity (P=0.042). Surgical complication rate did not differ by the four groups (P=0.986). No survival significant difference was found comparing NACT with ACT (P=0.664; 5‐year‐OS: 70% vs. 74% respectively), nor between the SOX and CapeOX groups (P=0.252; 5‐year‐OS: 78% vs. 66% respectively). Subgroup analysis showed SOX significantly improved survival in patients with diffuse type (P=0.048). Conclusions: No significant survival difference was found between NACT and ACT. SOX and CapeOX had good safety and efficacy as neoadjuvant regimens. Diffuse type patients may survive longer due to SOX.
CONKO-005: adjuvante Therapie des R0-resezierten Pankreaskarzinoms mit Gemcitabin plus Erlotinib versus Gemcitabin über 24 Wochen – eine prospektive, randomisierte, Phase III Studie - CONKO-005; INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Tarceva Product Name: Erlotinib Product Code: n/a L01XX34 Pharmaceutical Form: Coated tablet INN or Proposed INN: Erlotinib Other descriptive name: Tarceva Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 100‐ Trade Name: Tarceva Product Name: Erlotinib Product Code: n/a L01XX34 Pharmaceutical Form: Coated tablet INN or Proposed INN: Erlotinib Other descriptive name: Tarceva Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 25‐ Pharmaceutical Form: Concentrate for solution for infusion INN or Proposed INN: Gemcitabine hydrochloride CAS Number: 122111039 Other descriptive name: Gemzar CONDITION: pancreatic cancer adjuvant therapy after R0‐resection Gemcitabine plus Erlotinib vs. Gemcitabine mono, given over 24 weeks randomised trial PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: to compare the disease free survival in both treatment groups Primary end point(s): to compare diseasde free survival in both treatment groups; relapse of the pancreatic cancer Secondary Objective: to compare the overall survival in both treatment groups,; toxicity INCLUSION CRITERIA: R0‐resection histologically confirmed diagnosis of an adenocarcinoma of the pancreas no previous neoadjuvant anticancer treatment karnofsky performance status > = 60% patient compliance signed informed consent sufficient blood cell count age > = 18 years beginning of the chemotherapy between week 2‐8 post OP, wound healing must be completed Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) yes F.1.3.1 Number of subjects for this age range
A Study of Durvalumab in Patients With BR PDA Following Neoadjuvant Therapy and Successful Surgical Resection; Borderline resectable pancreatic cancer (BRPC) patients who have successfully underwent R0/R1 resection of PDAs following neoadjuvant chemotherapy, between 1‐3 months after the completion of planned adjuvant chemotherapy will be enrolled and randomized at a 1:1 ratio into two arms (56 per arm). Patients in Arm A will be given anti‐PD‐L1 antibody, durvalumab, every 2 weeks for a maximum of 26 doses if there is no radiographic evidence of disease recurrence. Patients in Arm B will be observed. Blood draws for immune monitoring and serum banking will be collected at the following time points: Arm A ‐ before Cycles 1, 2, 4, 7 and End of Treatment (EOT) visit; Arm B ‐ before Cycles 1, 4, 7, and End of Treatment (EOT) visit
Long-term outcomes in patients with PET-predicted poor-responsive HER2-positive breast cancer treated with neoadjuvant bevacizumab added to trastuzumab and docetaxel: 5-year follow-up of the randomised Avataxher study; Background: The open‐label, randomised Phase 2 AVATAXHER study (NCT01142778) demonstrated that early PET assessment identified HER2‐positive breast cancer patients who responded poorly to neoadjuvant docetaxel plus trastuzumab. Adding neoadjuvant bevacizumab for PET‐predicted poor‐responders improved pathological complete response (pCR) rates (43.8% vs 24.0%). We investigated long‐term study outcomes. Methods: Patients were treated in three groups. All patients initially received two cycles of standard neoadjuvant therapy with [¹F]‐FDG PET conducted before each cycle. Those with ≥70% change in the maximum standardised uptake value (∆SUVmax) received four further cycles of standard neoadjuvant therapy (PET responders). PET‐predicted poor‐responders (∆SUVmax <70%) were randomised (2:1) to neoadjuvant therapy with (Group A) or without (Group B) bevacizumab for cycles 3–6. All patients received one further cycle of trastuzumab before surgery plus adjuvant trastuzumab (11 cycles). Findings: 142 patients were randomized and treated (PET responders, n = 69; Group A, n = 48; Group B, n = 25). 5‐year disease‐free survival rates were 90.5% (95% CI: 80.0–95.6%) in PET responders, 90.2% (95% CI: 75.9–96.2%) in Group A, and 76.0% (95% CI: 54.2–88.4%) in Group B. However, no difference was observed between randomised arms in a sensitivity analysis. During adjuvant therapy, the incidence of Grade ≥3 (Group A: 25.6%; Group B 12.5%) and serious adverse events (Group A: 18.6%; Group B 12.5%) was higher in Group A vs Group B, but with no apparent effect on cardiac events. Interpretation: In patients with HER2‐positive breast cancer, an intervention based on early PET assessment and improvement of pCR does not modify disease‐free survival. Funding: Roche France.
SOLAR-1: a phase III study of alpelisib and fulvestrant in men and postmenopausal women with hormone receptor-positive (HR+), human epidermal growth factor receptor 2-negative (HER2-) advanced breast cancer (BC) progressing on or after aromatase inhibitor (AI) therapy; Background: The phosphatidylinositol 3‐kinase (PI3K)/mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) pathway is often dysregulated in HR+ BC and is associated with resistance to endocrine therapy (ET). Alpelisib (BYL719; PI3Kα‐specific inhibitor) and fulvestrant showed signs of antitumor activity in patients (pts) with estrogen receptor‐positive (ER+), HER2‐ advanced BC (phase I), especially in PIK3CA‐altered tumors (Janku et al. SABCS 2014, PD5‐5). Methods: SOLAR‐1 (NCT02437318) is a phase III, randomized, double‐blind study in men and postmenopausal women with HR+, HER2‐ advanced BC. Pts are assigned to 1 of 2 cohorts based on PIK3CA tumor status (mutant vs non‐mutant), and randomized 1:1 to oral alpelisib/placebo (300 mg once daily) and intramuscular fulvestrant (500 mg on Day 1 and 15 of Cycle 1; Day 1 of Cycles ≥2 [28‐day cycles]) until disease progression or discontinuation. Randomization is stratified by presence of liver and/or lung metastases and prior CDK4/6 inhibitor therapy. Key inclusion criteria: recurrence or progression on or after AI therapy, ≥1 measurable lesion (RECIST v1.1) or predominantly lytic bone lesion, and ECOG performance status ≤1. Key exclusion criteria: symptomatic visceral disease or disease burden precluding ET, acute pancreatitis ≤1 year prior to screening or history of chronic pancreatitis, and prior therapy with fulvestrant, chemotherapy (except [neo]adjuvant), or PI3K/AKT/mTOR inhibitors. The primary and key secondary endpoints are progression‐free survival (PFS; RECIST v1.1; local assessment) and overall survival (OS), respectively, in the PIK3CA‐mutant cohort. Other secondary endpoints include PFS and OS in the PIK3CA non‐mutant cohort, PFS (Blinded Independent Central Review; RECIST v1.1), the association between PFS and baseline PIK3CA status in circulating tumor DNA, overall response rate, clinical benefit rate, safety, and pharmacokinetics. The primary endpoint will be analyzed by a stratified log‐rank test at one‐sided 2% level of significance.
A Randomized, Phase 3 Study of Eryaspase in Combination with Chemotherapy versus Chemotherapy Alone as Second-Line Treatment in Patients with Pancreatic Adenocarcinoma; INTERVENTION: The dose of eryaspase is 100 U/Kg administered every 2 weeks (Day 1 and Day 15) until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or the patient*s withdrawal of consent. Eryaspase will be administered intravenously over approximately 60 minutes, followed by one hour of rest and then followed by chemotherapy infusions. Gemcitabine plus abraxane (albumin‐bound paclitaxel) administered on Days 1, 8, and 15 of each 4‐week cycle as follows: • Abraxane (125 mg/m2) IV over 30‐40 minutes followed by • Gemcitabine (1000 mg/m2) IV over 30 minutes. Onivyde (irinotecan nanoliposomal) + 5‐FU/leucovorin administered on Days 1 and 15 of each 4‐week cycle as follows: • Onivyde 70 mg/m2 IV over 90 minutes (recommended starting dose of Onivyde in patients homozygous for UGT1A1*28 is 50 mg/m2), • Leucovorin 400 mg/m2 IV over 30 minutes, and • 5‐FU 2400 mg/m2 over 46 hours. FOLFIRI (irinotecan, 5‐FU, and leucovorin) administered on Days 1 and 15 of each 4‐week cycle as follows: • Irinotecan 180 mg/m2 IV infusion over 90 minutes, • Leucovorin 400 mg/m² IV infusion over 2 hours, • 5‐FU 400 mg/m² IV bolus injection over 2‐4 minutes, immediately following leucovorin infusion, and • 5‐FU 2400 mg/m² IV continuous infusion over 46 hours immediately following bolus • 5‐FU (Days 1 and 2, and Days 15 and 16). CONDITION: 10017991 Pancreatic Adenocarcinoma ; Pancreatic Adenocarcinoma ; Pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: The primary analysis will be the comparison of OS between the 2 treatment arms ; in the ITT population using the 2‐sided stratified log‐rank test, stratified ; for ECOG status, chemotherapy regimen, and time from diagnosis of advanced ; disease. ; ; The primary efficacy endpoint is Overall Survival (OS) and the study is ; designed to test the superiority of eryaspase plus chemotherapy over ; chemotherapy alone. The primary analysis will test the following hypotheses: ; • Null Hypothesis: The hazard ratio for OS between eryaspase plus chemotherapy ; and chemotherapy alone is equal to one ; • Alternative Hypothesis: The hazard ratio for OS between eryaspase plus ; chemotherapy and chemotherapy alone is less than one; SECONDARY OUTCOME: Progression‐free survival (PFS) will be compared between the 2 treatment arms ; using the same method of analysis as for OS. ; The following efficacy analyses will also be performed in the ITT population: ; • ORR, defined as the proportion of patients who achieve objective tumor ; response (complete response [CR] or partial response [PR]) per RECIST 1.1. Each ; patient*s best overall response (BOR) will be summarized (CR, PR, stable ; disease [SD], progressive disease [PD], or unknown). ; • DoR will be evaluated in patients who achieve CR/PR. It will be measured from ; the time CR/PR (whichever is first recorded) is first met to until the first ; date that recurrence or PD is objectively documented. ; ; Extensive evaluation of the consistency of treatment effect for OS and PFS ; across the population as a whole will be undertaken by providing analyses in ; subgroups, with displays in forest plots and p‐values for interaction. All ; efficacy analyses will be repeated in the PP population. ; ; The secondary efficacy endpoints are Progression‐free Survival (PFS), Objective ; Response, Duration of Response (DoR) and Disease Control. ; • The null and alternative hypotheses for PFS will be as for OS ; • The primary analyses of the endpoints objective response and disease control ; will test the following hypotheses: ; • Null Hypothesis: The Objective Response Rate (ORR)/Disease Control Rate (DCR) ; in the eryaspase plus chemotherapy group is equal to the Objective Response ; Rate (ORR)/Disease Control Rate (DCR) in the chemotherapy alone group ; • Alternative Hypothesis: The Objective Response Rate (ORR)/Disease Control ; Rate (DCR) is greater ; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Must be 18 years of age or older. 2. Must have histologically confirmed pancreatic adenocarcinoma. 3. Must have Stage III or IV disease (see Protocol Appendi X1). 4. Must have received only one line of systemic chemotherapy in advanced setting with or without targeted agents, immunotherapy, or radiotherapy for treatment of advanced pancreatic adenocarcinoma. NOTE: patients whose disease progression on, or within 3 months, of neo(adjuvant) chemotherapy may be considered eligible. 5. Must have radiological evidence of disease progression following most recent prior treatment, defined as appearance of any new lesion or increase of >20% of one or more existing lesions. 6. Must have measurable lesion(s) per RECIST version 1.1 by CT scan with contrast (or MRI, if the patient is allergic to CT contrast media). ‐ Measurable disease may be in the field of prior irradiation; however, at least 4 weeks must have elapsed b
A phase III study of alpelisib and fulvestrant in men and postmenopausal women with hormone receptor-positive (HR +), human epidermal growth factor receptor 2-negative (HER2-) advanced breast cancer (BC) progressing on or after aromatase inhibitor (AI) therapy (SOLAR-1); Background: The phosphatidylinositol 3‐kinase (PI3K)/mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) pathway is often dysregulated in HR+ BC and is associated with resistance to endocrine therapy (ET). Alpelisib (BYL719; PI3Kα‐specific inhibitor) and fulvestrant showed signs of antitumor activity in patients ( pts) with estrogen receptor‐positive (ER+), HER2‐ advanced BC (phase I), especially in PIK3CA‐altered tumors (Janku et al. SABCS 2014, PD5‐5). Trial design: SOLAR‐1 (NCT02437318) is a phase III, randomized, double‐blind study in men and postmenopausal women with HR + , HER2‐ advanced BC. Pts are assigned to 1 of 2 cohorts based on PIK3CA tumor status (mutant vs non‐mutant), and randomized 1:1 to oral alpelisib/placebo (300 mg once daily) and intramuscular fulvestrant (500 mg on Day 1 and 15 of Cycle 1; Day 1 of Cycles ≥2 [28‐day cycles]) until disease progression or discontinuation. Randomization is stratified by presence of liver and/or lung metastases and prior CDK4/6 inhibitor therapy. Key inclusion criteria: recurrence or progression on or after AI therapy, ≥1 measurable lesion (RECIST v1.1) or predominantly lytic bone lesion, and ECOG performance status ≤1. Key exclusion criteria: symptomatic visceral disease or disease burden precluding ET, acute pancreatitis ≤1 year prior to screening or history of chronic pancreatitis, and prior therapy with fulvestrant, chemotherapy (except [neo]adjuvant), or PI3K/AKT/ mTOR inhibitors. The primary and key secondary endpoints are progression‐free survival (PFS; RECIST v1.1; local assessment) and overall survival (OS), respectively, in the PIK3CA‐mutant cohort. Other secondary endpoints include PFS and OS in the PIK3CA non‐mutant cohort, PFS (Blinded Independent Central Review; RECIST v1.1), the association between PFS and baseline PIK3CA status in circulating tumor DNA, overall response rate, clinical benefit rate, safety, and pharmacokinetics. The primary endpoint will be analyzed by a stratified log‐rank test at one‐sided 2% level of significance. Recruitment of the planned 560 pts is ongoing.
Timing of pegteograstim for CINV prophylaxis; INTERVENTION: Drug : In the Same‐day group, pegteograstim 6mg is injected subcutaneously within 4 hours after the completion of chemotherapy. While, in the Next‐day arm, pegteograstim 6mg is subcutaneously injected at 24‐36 hours after the completion of chemotherapy. CONDITION: Neoplasms PRIMARY OUTCOME: Duration of Gr4 CIN SECONDARY OUTCOME: Febrile neutropenia incidence Incidence of CIN related dose delay Incidence of Gr 3‐4 CIN Pegteograstim related AEs Relative dose intensity Severity of CIN Time to recovery ANC 1000 INCLUSION CRITERIA: ? Patients with histologically diagnosed cancer who are scheduled to undergo adjuvant (neo‐adjuvant) or 1st line palliative chemotherapy using the following multi‐day combined chemotherapy. (However, for FOLFO Xand FOLFIRI therapy, combination therapy with targeted anticancer drugs such as cetuximab or avastin can also be allowed) mFOLFIRINO X(Pancreatic cancer) ECb, EP (Small cell carcinoma, Neuroendocrine carcinoma) FOLFIRI, FOLFO X(Colon) ? Patients with one or more patient‐related CIN risk factors (previous chemotherapy or radiotherapy, recent surgery and open wound, liver/kidney dysfunction, 65 years of age or older) You can register without a factor). ? 100% dose will be adminstered ? Patients aged 19 to 75 years ? ECOG PS 0‐1 ? Adequate bone marrow function to receive chemotherapy (absolute neutrophil count =1500/µl), platelets = 100,000/mm2 (= 100 X109/L), and hemoglobin = 9.0 g/dL), and adequate renal function (creatinine
Neoadjuvant letrozole plus taselisib versus letrozole plus placebo in postmenopausal women with oestrogen receptor-positive, HER2-negative, early-stage breast cancer (LORELEI): a multicentre, randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, phase 2 trial; BACKGROUND: Endocrine therapy‐based neoadjuvant treatment for luminal breast cancer allows efficient testing of new combinations before surgery. The activation of the phosphatidylinositol‐3‐kinase (PI3K) pathway is a known mechanism of resistance to endocrine therapy. Taselisib is an oral, selective PI3K inhibitor with enhanced activity against PIK3CA‐mutant cancer cells. The LORELEI trial tested whether taselisib in combination with letrozole would result in an increased proportion of objective responses and pathological complete responses. METHODS: In this multicentre, randomised, double‐blind, parallel‐cohort, placebo‐controlled phase 2, study, we enrolled postmenopausal women (aged ≥18 years) with histologically confirmed, oestrogen receptor (ER)‐positive, HER2‐negative, stage I‐III, operable breast cancer, from 85 hospitals in 22 countries worldwide. To be eligible, patients had have an Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status 0‐1, adequate organ function, and had to have evaluable tumour tissue for PIK3CA genotyping. Patients were randomly assigned (1:1) by means of a permuted block algorithm (block size of four) via an interactive voice or web‐based response system, to receive letrozole (2·5 mg/day orally, continuously) with either 4 mg of oral taselisib or placebo (on a 5 days‐on, 2 days‐off schedule) for 16 weeks, followed by surgery. Randomisation was stratified by tumour size and nodal status. Site staff, patients, and the sponsor were masked to treatment assignment. Coprimary endpoints were the proportion of patients who achieved an objective response by centrally assessed breast MRI and a locally assessed pathological complete response in the breast and axilla (ypT0/Tis, ypN0) at surgery in all randomly assigned patients and in patients with PIK3CA‐mutant tumours. Analyses were done in the intention‐to‐treat population. This trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT02273973, and is closed to accrual. FINDINGS: Between Nov 12, 2014, and Aug 12, 2016, 334 participants were enrolled and randomly assigned to receive letrozole and placebo (n=168) or letrozole and taselisib (n=166). Median follow‐up was 4·9 months (IQR 4·7‐5·1). The study met one of its primary endpoints: the addition of taselisib to letrozole was associated with a higher proportion of patients achieving an objective response in all randomly assigned patients (66 [39%] of 168 patients in the placebo group vs 83 [50%] of 166 in the taselisib group; odds ratio [OR] 1·55, 95% CI 1·00‐2·38; p=0·049) and in the PIK3CA‐mutant subset (30 [38%] of 79 vs 41 [56%] of 73; OR 2·03, 95% CI 1·06‐3·88; p=0·033). No significant differences were observed in pathological complete response between the two groups, either in the overall population (three [2%] of 166 in the taselisib group vs one [1%] of 168 in the placebo group; OR 3·07 [95% CI 0·32‐29·85], p=0·37) or in the PIK3CA‐mutant cohort (one patient [1%) vs none [0%]; OR not estimable, p=0·48). The most common grade 3‐4 adverse events in the taselisib group were gastrointestinal (13 [8%] of 167 patients), infections (eight [5%]), and skin‐subcutaneous tissue disorders (eight [5%]). In the placebo group, four (2%) of 167 patients had grade 3 or worse vascular disorders, two (1%) had gastrointestinal disorders, and two (1%) patients had grade 3 or worse infections and infestations. There was no grade 4 hyperglycaemia and grade 3 cases were asymptomatic. Serious adverse events were more common in the taselisib group (eight [5%] patients with infections and seven [4%] with gastrointestinal effects) than in the placebo group (one [1%] patient each with grade 3 postoperative wound and haematoma infection, grade 4 hypertensive encephalopathy, grade 3 acute cardiac failure, and grade 3 breast pain). One death occurred in the taselisib group, which was not considered to be treatment‐related. INTERPRETATION: The increase in the proportion of patients who achieved an objective response from the addition of taselisib to endocrine therapy in a neoadjuvant setting is consistent with the clinical benefit observed in hormone receptor‐positive, HER2‐negative, metastatic breast cancer. FUNDING: Genentech and F Hoffmann‐La Roche.
The influence of low flow anaesthesia on renal function in cancer patients previously treated with nephrotoxic chemotherapeutic agents; Background. The aim of this study was to assess renal morbidity, associated with the use of low flow anaesthesia (LFA), in cancer patients previously treated with nephrotoxic chemotherapeutic agents. Methods. Seventy‐five patients, aged 30‐70 years, scheduled for elective surgery, were randomly allocated to three groups: Group A included those patients who had received nephrotoxic chemotherapeutic agents (cisplatin, carboplatin, methotrexate or cyclophosphamide) within 90 days before surgery, and who were anaesthetised with low flow (0.8‐1 L min‐1) air‐oxygen‐sevoflurane (1‐3 MAC) anaesthesia; Group B included similar patients who received high flow (6 L min‐1) anaesthesia. Non‐cancer patients receiving low flow anaesthesia served as controls. Blood was sampled for serum creatinine, BUN, cistatin C, and electrolytes (Na+, K+, Cl‐, Ca2+, P3+, Mg2+) before anaesthesia, and one, three and five days after. Results. There were no statistically significant differences between the groups. Conclusions. The use of low flow sevoflurane anaesthesia is not associated with an increased risk of nephrotoxicity in those previously exposed to nephrotoxic chemotherapeutic agents.
Effects of perioperative eicosapentaenoic acid‑enriched oral nutritional supplement on the long‑term oncological outcomes after total gastrectomy for gastric cancer; Basic and clinical reports have suggested that eicosa‑ pentaenoic acid (EPA) exhibits anti‑tumor activity. The present study evaluated whether perioperative EPA could improve the survival of patients with localized gastric cancer as a key secondary endpoint of a randomized clinical study. The present study was designed as multicenter, open‑label, superiority, randomized trial to confirm the preventive effect of EPA on body weight loss after total gastrectomy for gastric cancer. Eligible patients were randomized to either the standard‑diet group (EPA‑off group) or EPA‑on group by a centralized dynamic method. An EPA‑enriched supplement (ProSure®) was given to the EPA‑on group in addition to their standard diet. This supplement included 600 kcal with 2.2 g/day of EPA. Among the 126 patients who were randomized, 123 patients (EPA‑off group, n=60; EPA‑on group, n=63) were examined in the survival analyses. All background factors were well balanced between the two groups. The 3‑year and 5‑year overall survival rates were 74.6 and 67.8%, respectively, in the EPA‑off group, and 77.8 and 76.2% in the EPA‑on group. There was no signifi‑ cant difference between the EPA‑off and EPA‑on groups (hazard ratio, 0.77; P=0.424). In the subgroup analysis, the hazard ratio was 0.39 in patients who received neoadjuvant chemotherapy and 0.57 in patients with nodal metastasis. In conclusion, a clear survival benefit of perioperative EPA was not observed in localized gastric cancer. The value of EPA should be further tested in a future study in patients with unfavorable advanced gastric cancer. Clinical trial number: UMIN000006380; date of registration, September 21, 2011.
Distal pancreatectomy, minimally invasive or open, for malignancy; INTERVENTION: This study is designed for patients with an indication for distal pancreatectomy because of proven or suspected PDAC in the pancreatic body or tail. After inclusion, patients are randomly allocated in a 1:1 ratio to Minimally Invasive Distal Pancreatectomy or Open Distal Pancreatectomy, stratified by hospital volume and tumor involvement of other organs besides the pancreas and spleen. Randomization will take place as soon as the distal pancreatectomy can be planned. Patients will have a pre‐surgery assessment conform local protocol. Patients are blinded for the type of surgery they will receive. Patients will receive a large 40cm x 40cm abdominal dressing directly after surgery to mask their treatment (minimally invasive or open) by covering all incisions. This abdominal dressing will be removed when all criteria for functional recovery are met, and may be removed earlier when it’s day 5 postoperatively or for medical reasons, such as for example suspicion of a wound infection. If earlier inspection is required, attempts are made to maintain patient blinding. This blinding has been proven successfully in previous multicentre (European) trials. A complete double‐blinding, including medical and nursing ward staff, is considered not feasible. Patients are asked to complete QoL questionnaires at baseline, 1 month, 3 months and 6 months after their surgery. Survival rates will be calculated for 1, 2 and 3 year postoperative. CONDITION: Proven or suspected pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) in the pancreatic body or tail suitable for elective upfront distal pancreatectomy ; Surgery PRIMARY OUTCOME: Microscopically radical resection margin (R0) (these can be in the transection margin of the pancreas but also in the anterior, superior, posterior, inferior margins, i.e. circumferential margins); Timepoint: postoperative SECONDARY OUTCOME: 1. Intraoperative parameters (operative time, blood loss, blood transfusion and conversion); 2. Postoperative parameters (complications, mortality, re‐interventions); 3. Pathology parameters (tumor size, lymph node retrieval, positive nodes, invasion, grading and staging); 4. Hospitalization parameters (time to functional recovery [measured daily using the functional recovery checklist], total hospital stay, readmission, intensive care admission); 5. Oncology parameters (use of (neo‐)adjuvant chemotherapy, survival at 1, 2 and 3 years postoperative); 6. Quality of life, measured using the EORTC QLQ‐30 and PAN‐26 and EQ‐5D‐5L questionnaires at baseline and 1, 3 and 6 months postoperative; 7. Costs INCLUSION CRITERIA: In order to be eligible to participate in this study, a patient must meet all of the following criteria: 1. Age = 18 years 2. Elective indication for distal pancreatectomy for proven or suspected* PDAC 3. Upfront (without induction/downsizing radio‐ or chemotherapy) resectable PDAC in the pancreatic body or tail** 4. The tumor can be radically resected via both minimally invasive or open surgery according to the local treating team*** 5. The patient is fit to undergo both open and minimally invasive distal pancreatectomy *Pathology proof is not mandatory for two reasons, first it is not common practice in distal cancers to have this proof, so the decision for minimally invasive or open surgery will after the trial also depend on the ‘suspected’ diagnosis and second, there are even some concerns about the safety of endoscopic fine needle aspiration of distal pancreatic cancers with theoretical risk of peritoneal seeding **Malignant degenerate
Comparsion of D2 verus D3 surgical procedure outcome in locally advanced gastric cancer patients following perioperative chemotherapy; INTERVENTION: Intervention1: D3 lymphadenectomy: D3 is Extended Lymphadenectomy The difference between a D3 and a D2 plus para‐aortic lymph node dissection is that in a D3, in addition to the lymph nodes removed at the time of a D2 lymphadenectomy, only some of the para aortic lymph nodes around the pancreas are removed. A complete clearance of the para aortic nodes, which is associated with the increased morbidity, is not performed in a D3 lymphadenectomy. Hence this avoids the increased morbidity encountered in the previous studies exploring the role of D2 plus para‐aortic lymph node dissection. Control Intervention1: D2 Lymphadenectomy: D2 Systematic Lymphadenectomy D2 lymphadenectomy that involves removal of up to the second echelon of draining lymph nodes The difference between a D3 and a D2 plus para‐aortic lymph node dissection is that in a D3, in addition to the lymph nodes removed at the time of a D2 lymphadenectomy, only some of the para aortic lymph nodes around the pancreas are removed. A complete clearance of the para aortic nodes, which is associated with the increased morbidity, is not performed in a D3 lymphadenectomy. Hence this avoids the increased morbidity encountered in the previous studies exploring the role of D2 plus para‐aortic lymph node dissection. CONDITION: Gastric Cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: primary endpoint:Overall Survival ; ‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: date of diagnosis to Date of death or last follow‐up SECONDARY OUTCOME: Disease‐free survival ; ‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: date of diagnosis to date of death /recurrence INCLUSION CRITERIA: ‐ECOG performance status of 0 â?? 1 in patients deemed fit to undergo surgery at the pre‐anaesthetic check ‐Histologically proven gastric adenocarcinoma ‐No evidence of distant metastases, or locally advanced inoperable disease, as evaluated by computed tomography, chest radiography, ultrasonography, and / or laparotomy ‐Patient able to provide valid informed consent ‐Patient completed at least 1 cycle of neoadjuvant chemotherapy
Do data support nutrition support? Part I: intravenous nutrition; Intravenous (parenteral) nutrition has been advocated widely as adjunctive care in patients with a variety of underlying diseases. However, the enthusiasm for this therapeutic intervention was based largely on expert opinion. Because the best way to assess the efficacy of any treatment is to test it in a randomized controlled trial, this review will focus on data that was derived from such studies. Using established search strategies, randomized controlled trials were sought that compared one of two forms of intravenous nutrition: parenteral nutrition (nitrogen and >or=10 kcal/kg/day of non‐protein calories for >or=5 days) or protein‐sparing therapy (nitrogen and fewer non‐protein calories) with no type of artificial nutrition beyond regular food and/or standard (5%) dextrose. The randomized controlled trials were stratified by the underlying disease state. The clinical outcomes of interest were mortality, morbidity (total/infectious complications), and/or duration of hospitalization. More than 100 randomized controlled trials failed for the most part to demonstrate that intravenous nutrition had any effect on clinical outcome. There were a few exceptions. In patients undergoing attempted curative surgery for upper gastrointestinal cancer, the use of preoperative parenteral nutrition seemed to reduce the incidence of major postoperative complications. However, this benefit was only found in low‐quality randomized controlled trials. Findings conflict regarding the use of parenteral nutrition in patients with acute pancreatitis or undergoing bone marrow transplantation. Parenteral nutrition was harmful when provided to patients undergoing radiation or chemotherapy for cancer. Although no randomized controlled trials exist, it is assumed that parenteral nutrition is useful in patients with an inadequate gastrointestinal tract ("short gut"). Thus, for the most part, randomized controlled trials comparing intravenous nutrition to no artificial nutrition have not shown that this medical intervention is of benefit.
The Clinical Impact of Synchronous and Metachronous Other Primary Cancer in Gastric Cancer Patients Who Receive Curative Treatment; Background/Aim: The present study evaluated the clinical characteristics and prognostic factors of gastric cancer (GC) patients with synchronous and metachronous other primary cancer who received curative treatment for GC. Patients and Methods: The study included 244 patients who underwent curative treatment for GC between 2005 and 2018. The risk factors for the overall survival (OS) and recurrence‐free survival (RFS) were identified. Results: A total of 244 patients were included in this study. Among them, 58 patients were diagnosed with synchronous and metachronous other primary cancer. When comparing the patient background characteristics and clinical course between GC patients without and with synchronous and metachronous other primary cancer, the background, postoperative surgical complications, and details of adjuvant treatment were similar between the two groups. The 3‐ and 5‐year OS rates in GC patients with synchronous and metachronous other primary cancer were 69.7% and 48.0%, respectively, while those in patients without synchronous and metachronous other primary cancer were 80.6% and 74.3%, respectively, showing a statistically significant difference (p<0.001) The synchronous and metachronous other primary cancer status was included in the final multivariate analysis model (hazard ratio=2.201; 95% confidence interval=1.229‐3.942; p=0.008). Conclusion: Synchronous and metachronous other primary cancer status is a prognostic factor in GC patients. Therefore, synchronous and metachronous other primary cancer patients need both other primary cancer and GC follow‐up to improve their survival.
A Randomized, Double-Blind, Phase III Study of the Efficacy and Safety of Gemcitabine in Combination With TH-302 Compared With Gemcitabine in Combination With Placebo in Previously Untreated Subjects With Metastatic or Locally Advanced Unresectable Pancreatic Adenocarcinoma(EMR 200592-001); INTERVENTION: Intervention name : TH‐302 Dosage And administration of the intervention : TH‐302 will be administered at a dose of 340 milligrams per square meter (mg/m^2) as intravenous infusion over 30 minutes on Day 1, 8 and 15 of every 28‐day cycle. Doses will be administered until evidence of progressive disease, intolerable toxicity or subject withdrawal. Intervention name : Gemcitabine INN of the intervention : Gemcitabine Dosage And administration of the intervention : Gemcitabine will be administered at a dose of 1000 (mg/m^2) as intravenous infusion over 30 minutes on Day 1, 8 and 15 of every 28‐day cycle. Doses will be administered until evidence of progressive disease, intolerable toxicity or subject withdrawal. Control intervention name : placebo(5 percent dextrose ‐ D5W or 0.9% Saline) Dosage And administration of the control intervention : TH‐302 Placebo (5 percent dextrose ‐ D5W or 0.9% Saline) will be administered as intravenous infusion over 30 minutes on Day 1, 8 and 15 of every 28‐day cycle. Doses will be administered until evidence of progressive disease, intolerable toxicity or subject withdrawal. Control intervention name : Gemcitabine INN of the control intervention : Gemcitabine Dosage And administration of the control intervention : Gemcitabine will be administered at a dose of 1000 (mg/m^2) as intravenous infusion over 30 minutes on Day 1, 8 and 15 of every 28‐day cycle. Doses will be administered until evidence of progressive disease, intolerable toxicity or subject withdrawal. CONDITION: Metastatic or Locally Advanced Unresectable Pancreatic Adenocarcinoma PRIMARY OUTCOME: Overall Survival Time SECONDARY OUTCOME: ‐Progression Free Survival Time; ‐Percentage of subjects with best overall response according to Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors Version 1.1 (RECIST v.1.1) ; ‐Percentage of subjects with disease control according to RECIST v.1.1 ; ‐Quality of Life (QOL) EuroQuol‐5D (EQ‐5D) Health Outcome questionnaire ; ‐Quality of Life (QOL) Assessment European Organization for the Research and Treatment of Cancer (EORTC) Quality of Life Questionnaire‐Core 30 (QLQ‐C30) (Version 3.0) ; ‐Pain intensity using a Numerical Rating Scale (NRS) ; ‐Serum Carcinoma Antigen 19‐9 response rate ; ‐Number of subjects with treatment‐emergent adverse events (TEAEs) according to National Cancer Institute Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (NCI CTCAE v.4.03) INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1.At least 18 years of age (At least 20 years of age in Japan) 2.Locally advanced unresectable or metastatic pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma proven by histology or cytology and previously untreated with chemotherapy or systemic therapy other than: ‐ Radiosensitizing doses of 5 fluorouracil; ‐ Radiosensitizing doses of gemcitabine if relapse occurred at least 6 months after completion of gemcitabine; ‐ Neoadjuvant chemotherapy if relapse occurred at least 6 months after surgical resection; ‐ Adjuvant chemotherapy if relapse occurred at least 6 months after completion of adjuvant chemotherapy; 3.Measurable disease (at least one target lesion outside of previous radiation fields) or non‐measurable disease by RECIST v.1.1 criteria 4.Documentation of disease progression since any prior therapy 5.Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status of 0 or 1 6.Life expectancy of at least 3 months 7.Acceptable liver, renal function a
Concurrent Hyperthermia and Chemoradiotherapy in LAPC: phase II Study; This phase II randomized trial is a part of the comprehensive protocol designed for the locally advanced pancreatic cancers (LAPC). All patients of LAPC, fulfilling the following criteria of "Unresectable LAPC" would be considered to be eligible for enrolment in the study. These include: 1. Major venous infiltration / thrombosis of the portal vein or superior mesenteric vein extending for several centimeters (precluding vein resection and reconstruction) 2. Tumor encasement (≥180°) of the superior mesentric artery or proximal hepatic artery 3. Tumor abutment (<180°) of the celiac trunk 4. Tumor invasion of the aorta 5. Presence of metastasis to lymph nodes beyond the field of resection All patients would be reviewed at the Pancreas Cancer Tumor Board, University Hospital Zurich and those fulfilling the above condition/s would be considered for the study protocol of LAPC. Following a detailed work up, all eligible patients with primary tumours more than 4 cm would be considered for HEATPAC study. Patients would be randomized by random digit using a double blinded strategy into either (a) Control group : Treated with concurrent chemoradiotherapy or (b) Study group: Treated with local hyperthermia along with concurrent chemoradiotherapy. Treatment in both groups would be initiated with 4 cycles of neo‐adjuvant chemotherapy (FOLFIRINOX). At completion of 4 cycles of neo‐adjuvant FOLFIRINIOX, patients would be evaluated by PET‐CT, 3‐4 week following the last cycle of FOLFIRINIOX. Patients in control group would be taken up for concurrent gemcitabine (400 mg / sq.m weekly) along with loco‐regional radiotherapy by SIB‐IMRT to a dose of 50.4 Gy in 28 fractions. Patients in the study group would be receiving loco‐regional hyperthermia to a temperature of 40‐41°C, weekly for 1 hour before gemcitabine and before radiotherapy. The gemcitabine and in loco‐regional radiotherapy in study group would be similar to that of the control group. Following the completion of this treatment, patients of both groups would be considered for 8 cycles of adjuvant FOLFIRINOX and followed up with both clinical, heamatological and imaging studies as detailed in the study protocol. Primary endpoint: 1. Overall survival at 1 year 2. To assess the acute and the late morbidities associated with hyperthermia and chemoradiotherapy in concurrent chemoradiotherapy compared to concurrent chemoradiotherapy alone. Secondary endpoints: 1. To compare the disease free survival in patients of locally advanced pancreatic cancers following neoadjuvant chemotherapy with FOLOFIRINOX treated with hyperthermia and chemoradiotherapy versus chemoradiotherapy alone. 2. To assess the patterns of failure (both local and systemic) in patients of both treatment arms.
Pre- or Postoperative Accelerated Radiotherapy; In early‐stage breast cancer the cornerstone of treatment is surgery. There are 2 possibilities: either mastectomy (ME, the whole breast, including the tumour, is removed) or breast‐conserving surgery (BCS, only the tumour is removed, along with a part of the surrounding healthy tissue). After surgery, most patients also receive some kind of adjuvant systemic therapy like hormone therapy, chemotherapy (CT), targeted therapy or a combination of these. After BCS, adjuvant radiotherapy (RT) has shown to improve locoregional control and overall survival rates. After ME, a benefit of adjuvant RT was observed only in node positive patients. In recent years, adjuvant or postoperative (postop) CT is more and more replaced by preoperative (preop) or neo‐adjuvant CT in patients with large tumours since the need for mastectomy may then be significantly decreased. Several randomized controlled trials demonstrated that there is no difference in overall survival whether CT is given pre‐ or postoperatively. The 3 main objectives of this project are: 1 ‐ to prove the feasibility of preop breast RT in 5 fractions in patients also receiving neoadjuvant CT; 2 ‐ to identify the involved cell death mechanisms and the effect of preop breast RT on the in‐situ immune micro‐environment; and 3 ‐ to identify the markers that predict for response and toxicity. Classically, radiotherapy is considered to mediate its effects via the direct killing of cancer cells. It is now known that radiotherapy can induce systemic effects resulting in tumour responses outside the irradiated regions. This phenomenon called the "abscopal"‐effect has been reported in breast and several kinds of malignancies and is nowadays considered to be immune mediated. The hypothesis is that radiotherapy induces immunogenic cell death (ICD) through the release of tumour‐associated antigens and damage associated molecular patterns (DAMPs), which leads to antigen uptake and dendritic cell maturation, resulting in the priming and clonal expansion of cytotoxic T‐lymphocytes (CTLs) in the lymph nodes. These CTLs then travel back to the tumour, becoming tumour‐infiltrating lymphocytes (TILs). Radiation could increase these TILs in a clinical setting and, more importantly, a high level of (post‐therapy) TILs is associated with a good prognosis. Immunogenic cell death implicates the release of DAMPs and tumoral antigens through a disintegrated cell plasma membrane. The latter correlates with necrosis (regulated or secondary) instead of apoptosis, which was considered to be the principal mechanism of radiation induced cell death for years. Distinct cell death modalities may thus have a different (immunogenic) outcome. In this project the investigators would like to determine the mode of cell death evoked by high‐dose pre‐operative RT through measurement by immunohistochemistry (IHC) of cell death markers on pre‐treatment, post‐RT (only in case of pre‐operative RT) as well as tumorectomy tissue samples. The investigators will correlate the results of the IHC stainings for cell death markers with the presence (or increase) of tumour infiltrating lymphocytes (TILs) in the same tissue samples and response to treatment. The number of TILs before and after radiotherapy will be assessed according to international guidelines. The use of breast RT in the neo‐adjuvant setting is far less common. It has been proposed for patients with inoperable or inflammatory breast cancer and a recent retrospective study in breast cancer patients showed preop RT might improve disease free survival compared to postop RT. In another retrospective study comparing neoadjuvant versus adjuvant radio‐ and chemotherapy a possible benefit of neoadjuvant treatment was suggested for tumours larger than 2 cm. These benefits have also been observed in other cancer sites. There is evidence from randomized trials that preop RT is more effective than postop RT in patients with rectal carcinoma. For soft tissue sarcoma, better local control rates have been described with preop than with postop RT. From a radiobiological point of view, the benefits of giving RT preoperatively are not surprising. In contrast to the postop setting, the vasculature is still intact and less radioresistant tumour clones are present, both possibly increasing radiosensitivity. But there are other advantages of preop RT treatment. On the postop imaging used for RT planning, the localisation of the initial tumor is challenging, even with the aid of surgical clips. This is especially the case in patients receiving chemotherapy which is typically given before RT, thus increasing the interval between surgery and radiotherapy to about 6 months. In this 6‐month period, tissue distortion and seroma, which are useful to guide the radiation oncologist when delineating the target volume for boost irradiation, have often disappeared. In the postop setting, larger volumes are delineated and interobserver variability is larger than in the preop setting. Preop breast irradiation has the advantage that the tumour is still in place and easy to locate. Zones of higher doses can be better targeted. For the latter reason, less acute side effects and a better overall breast cosmesis is expected. There is also a possibility of downsizing the tumour which might lead to a lower need for mastectomy. While preop breast RT clearly has some advantages, there are some obstacles that complicate its introduction into daily practice. One of these is the fear of delaying surgery and/or chemotherapy for too long. At Ghent University, investigators have experience with a 5‐fraction RT schedule allowing preop RT delivery in a very short time span. Large randomized trials confirm that moderate hypofractionation schemes in 15 or 16 fractions are at least equivalent in tumor control and toxicity although the total dose is lower than the traditional 50 Gy in 25 fractions. Further acceleration to 5 fractions is expected to have an even greater radiobiological advantage concerning tumor control. In the UK FAST randomized trial, a schedule of 5 times 5.7 Gy, once a week, was compared to a normofractionation schedule of 25 times 2 Gy. Tumor control and toxicity were comparable after 3 years of follow‐up. At Ghent University Hospital (UZ Gent) a feasibility trial was started using the FAST scheme (5 x 5.7 Gy) over 12 days (instead of 5 weeks) in patients of 65 years or older. Additionally, patients requiring a boost received a simultaneously integrated boost to the tumor bed of 5 x 6.5 Gy. The final analysis on 95 patients shows <10% grade 2‐3 erythema, with only one case of moist desquamation, located at a skin fold(10). With this RT schedule of 5 fractions in 12 days given preoperatively, the investigators hypothesize that overall treatment time will not be increased. Extracellular vesicles (EVs), such as exosomes (50‐150 nm) are composed of a lipid bilayer that contains transmembrane proteins (such as receptors and adhesion molecules) derived from the donor cell and encloses soluble hydrophilic components derived from the cytosol of the donor cell such as signaling molecules, and nucleic acids (small RNAs such as miRNA). Different cell types can release EVs, including immune cells (monocytes, neutrophils, etc.), tumour cells, fibroblasts and adipocytes (fat cells). EVs are promising novel biomarkers because: 1) their molecular content is a fingerprint of the releasing cells and their status and consists of proteins, lipids, and nucleic acids, 2) they are released in easily accessible body fluids including blood and 3) they are enriched for highly selected biomarkers which otherwise would constitute only a very small proportion (less than 0.01%) of the total molecular content of blood. Analysis of Glypican‐1 positive EVs in circulation distinguishes with absolute specificity and sensitivity healthy subjects and patients with a benign pancreatic disease from patients with early‐ and late‐stage pancreatic cancer. EV transfer from stromal to breast cancer cells regulates therapy resistance pathways. miRNA levels in circulating EVs identify remnant vital tumour tissue and are suitable to measure therapy response and relapse monitoring. These pioneering studies suggest that quantification and characterization of EVs can be implemented to predict therapy response. 20 non‐metastasized female breast cancer patients receiving neoadjuvant chemotherapy (CT) will be randomized between preop or postop RT. For each patient, a biopsy with tumor histology, histological grade, ER/PR status, Her2/Neu status (amplification or not) and Ki67 status will be available. Menopausal status will be assessed before the start of treatment. Patients with regular menses will be considered premenopausal. Patients > 50 years old with > 1 year of amenorrhea will be considered postmenopausal. In all other patients or patients with an intrauterine device or hysterectomy, plasma levels of LH, FSH and estradiol will be measured and documented. The feasibility of preop RT will be evaluated based on overall treatment time. From a clinical point of view, it is not warranted that preop RT leads to an increase in the overall treatment time, since this may compromise locoregional control and survival. However, it is expected that preop RT will shorten the overall treatment time with about 14 days (SD 9 days) since the interval between RT and CT is shortened considerably. A difference of less than 14 days is not considered clinically relevant. With 20 patients (10 patients in every treatment arm), a 14 days' difference in overall treatment time can be detected with a power of > 90% (2‐sided t‐test, α = 0.05). Patients with clinically suspicious axillary lymph nodes will receive a fine needle biopsy. If lymph node involvement is confirmed by fine needle biopsy, they will receive an axillary clearance after neoadjuvant treatment and axillary RT will be performed (either preop or postop). In clinically node negative patients with a tumour of ≤ 5 cm, a sentinel node biopsy will be performed before the start of RT or CT. Patients with a tumour of > 5 cm, clinically node negative, will receive axillary clearance and axillary RT since a sentinel node biopsy is unreliable in these large tumours. Patients receiving postop RT will receive neoadjuvant CT followed by surgery (21‐28 days after CT) and adjuvant RT starting 28‐35 days after surgery. Patients receiving preop RT will receive RT first, followed by CT (5‐8 days after the end of RT) and surgery (21‐28 days after CT). All patients will receive a clip to locate the tumor before the start of any treatment.
Randomized Controlled Trial to Evaluate Laparoscopic versus Open Surgery for Advanced Gastric Cancer (JLSSG0901: adv.GC-LAP/OPEN, PII/III); INTERVENTION: A: Open distal gastrectomy with D2 lymph node dissection B: Laparoscopy assisted distal gastrectomy with D2 lymph node dissection CONDITION: Advanced gastric cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: phaseII: Incidence of anastomotic leakage or pancreatic fistula; phaseIII:relapse‐free survival SECONDARY OUTCOME: overall survival, proportion of LADG completion, proportion of conversion to open surgery, adverse events, short‐term clinical outcomes, number of retrieved lymph node, recurrent sites INCLUSION CRITERIA: For inclusion in the study, patients must fulfill the following requirements preoperatively: 1) histologically proven gastric carcinoma 2) MP,SS or deeper lesion without involvement of other organs, N0‐2 excluding bulky N2 and M0 according to the Japanese classification system 3) tumor located in the body and antrum of the stomach and indication for distal gastrectomy 4)No invasion to duodenum 5) Aged 20 to 80 year 6) PS (ECOG)0 or 1 7) Body mass index < 30 8) no history of gastrointestinal surgery 9) no history of chemotherapy or radiotherapy 10) Sufficient organ functions 11) provided written informed consent
Combined Exercise and Nutritional Intervention in GI Cancer Patients; Although some studies have focused on the role of exercise on inflammation and cytokine expression in cancer patients undergoing treatment and survivors, to our knowledge none have investigated the effect of exercise during neoadjuvant treatment as a complementary therapy to 1) modulate inflammation which may have a positive influence on chemotherapy response and 2) preserve or improve skeletal muscle, thus preventing cancer cachexia. Furthermore, we believe that the neoadjuvant treatment period could be a window of opportunity to optimize patient's nutritional status before surgery, which until now has been under used. Bearing in mind that nutritional interventions may also influence IL‐6, our hypothesis is that a Combined Exercise and Dietary Intervention (CEDI) may induce positive alterations in cytokine profile and increase NK cell infiltration of the tumor in gastric and pancreatic cancer patients submitted to neo‐adjuvant therapy.
Effects of vitamin D supplementation on risks of delayed relapse or death in patients with cancer and especially in a subgroup of patients with p53-positive cancer; INTERVENTION: Dosage, dose and duration of study supplements Timing of start: Start blinded trial supplements from the first outpatient visit after surgery. However, if the general condition is not good, such as strong nausea during postoperative chemotherapy, the attending physician may decide to delay the start of oral administration. However, the extension will be a maximum of 2 months from the date of surgery (the same day of the following month), and if it exceeds this, it will be excluded from the trial (= if it is excluded before the start of trial supplement [randomization], it is not a protocol violation). Dosage and administration: Take 1 capsule once a day (at a timing that makes it easy to take in the morning or at night) dose: Vitamin D supplement: Vitamin D 2,000 IU / capsule Placebo: Olive oil Capsule material: Gelatin derived from fish, glycerin Administration period: Administer until the end of the study, except when it becomes difficult to take the supplement. Even if it recurs, if the general condition is good, administration should be continued. When hypercalcemia or urinary stones occur and side effects of taking supplements are suspected, the oral administration can be temporarily suspended or terminated at the discretion of the attending physician. CONDITION: lung cancer, colorectal cancer, liver cancer, gastric cancer, breast cancer, esophageal cancer, panc ; cancer, p53‐positive cancer Neoplasms, Tumor Suppressor Protein p53 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Primary endpoint; Events that appeared earlier due to recurrence of the cancer 365 days and more after the start of oral study supplements or death due to all causes; recurrence / death less than 365 days after the start of oral study supplements is one of the secondary endpoints.; However, subjects who reach the following conditions within 365 days * after the start of oral administration are excluded from the analysis.; a. Withdrawal of consent (refusal to take trial supplements); b. Difficulty taking trial supplements due to complications; c. Not taking 60% and more of trial supplements; Judgment is based on the number of capsules left after having the bottle brought.; d. Transfer hospitals; ; On the contrary, if it is 365 days or later after the start of oral administration, the above is included in the analysis; patients who did not take the test supplement sufficiently after 1 year are also analyzed as the distribution group [intention to treat (ITT) analysis].; ; Cancer that newly develops in another site after the start of the supplement is not included in the recurrence and is regarded as an "adverse event". If it is difficult to distinguish between recurrence and new cancer, the judgment of the research physician will be respected. This is because it is double‐blind, and it is considered that the observation bias is unlikely to be mixed. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary endpoints; (1) Recurrence in cancer patients, especially p53‐positive cancer patients, 365 days after the start of the test supplement (competitive risk analysis is performed): Only recurrence, not including death.; ; (2) Death from all causes after 365 days after the start of the test supplement in cancer patients, especially p53‐positive cancer patients: overall survival; ; (3) In cancer patients, especially p53‐positive cancer patients, it is not delayed, but (a) recurrence / death from the start of the test supplement, (b) death due to all causes, and (c) recurrence only.; ; (4) In cancer patients, especially p53‐positive cancer patients, (a) recurrence / death, (b) death due to all causes, and (c) recurrence only after 548 days (one and a half years) after the start of the test supplement.; ; (5) In cancer patients, especially p53‐positive cancer patients, the event that appeared earlier due to recurrence 365 days after the start of the test supplement or death due to all causes (patients who did not take 60% or more after 1 year) Exclude and analyze [per protocol analysis]). INCLUSION CRITERIA: Target disease I. Cancer types that are expected to be completely cured by surgery (including cases where metastasis can be resected) and have a certain frequency of death from all cancers: lung cancer, colon cancer, liver cancer, gastric cancer, breast cancer, esophageal tract Cancer, pancreatic cancer, head and neck cancer II. Mainly includes stage I, II, III and some IV. On the other hand, it does not include carcinoma in situ. Some IV; Include if radical cure = macroscopic resection even in stage IV: Include stage IVA for head and neck cancer, liver metastasis for colorectal cancer, etc. if remission is obtained. Carcinoma in situ; Endoscopically resected by preoperative diagnosis of carcinoma in situ, but postoperative pathological diagnosis revealed that it was stage I or higher. If complementary surgery is required at this research facility due to referrals, etc., it will be included in the study. The endoscopy facility may be another hospita
A Randomized, Double Blinding, Plancebo-Controlled Clinical Trials of CD8+NKG2D+ AKT cell immunotherapy to the panreatic cancer patients treated with adjuvant chemotherapy; INTERVENTION: Control Group:surgical resection+Gemcitabine+placebo;Study Group:surgical resection+Gemcitabine+AKT cell; CONDITION: pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma PRIMARY OUTCOME: Disease‐free survival; SECONDARY OUTCOME: Overall Survival;Safety;Quality of life;Immune index;Biological marker; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Diagnosed as stage II‐III pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma patients by pathologic histology; 2. Pancreatic cancer after radical resection; 3. Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group Performance Status less than 2; 4. Without radiotherapy or neoadjuvant chemotherapy; 5. The man or the gestation and lactation women Age between 18 to 80 years old; 6. Bone marrow functioned well: ANC more than 1.5*10^9/ L, PLT more than 100*10^9/LHgb more than 9 g/dL; 7. Blood biochemical indicators: AST(SGOT)less than 1.5 ULNALT(SGPT)less than 1.5 ULN, TBIL less than 1.5 ULN; 8. PT and PPT are in normal ranges; 9. Three months prior to clinical research did not receive any other clinical research trials; 10. patients are voluntary, and willing to sign informed consent.
Clinical trial to evaluate the efficacy and safety of nanosecond pulse tumor ablation system and disposable electric pulse ablation electrode for ablation of locally advanced pancreatic cancer (prospective, multicenter, open, randomized, parallel controlled, superior efficacy trial); INTERVENTION: Test group:GN chemotherapy+Tegio+IRE ablation;control group:GN chemotherapy+Tegio; CONDITION: Locally advanced pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: Overall Response Rate; SECONDARY OUTCOME: Progression Free Survival;Event‐Free Survival;Overall Survival;Pain relief rate;Device operation performance; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1) Age 18 70 years old, gender unlimited; 2) Patients who need to undergo 4 cycles of induction chemotherapy before enrollment; 3) It is locally advanced pancreatic cancer confirmed by histopathology and/or cytology and according to the clinical American Joint Commission on Cancer staging (8th edition); 4) The size of tumor (measured by the maximum diameter of pre‐operative enhanced CT scan) = 5 cm; 5) Before enrollment, the physical strength score of the Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) was = 2 points, and the expected survival period was more than 3 months; 6) The subjects or their legal guardians can understand the purpose of the study, show sufficient compliance with the study protocol, and sign the informed consent form.
Discrimination between circulating endothelial cells and blood cell populations with overlapping phenotype reveals distinct regulation and predictive potential in cancer therapy; BACKGROUND: Circulating endothelial cells (CECs) have been proposed to predict patient response to antiangiogenic cancer therapy. However, contradictory reports and inconsistency in the phenotypic identification of CECs have led us to compare three cell populations with partially overlapping phenotype in cancer patients receiving chemotherapy and the antiangiogenic agent bevacizumab. METHODS: Patients (n = 20) with locally advanced pancreatic cancer were monitored during 16 weeks of neoadjuvant treatment with gemcitabine and bevacizumab. Detection of circulating cell populations was based on the marker combination CD45, CD31, and CD146; levels of viable and dead (7‐aminoactinomycin D‐positive) cells were evaluated by flow cytometry in 2‐week intervals. RESULTS: We were able to discriminate and concomitantly monitor three cell populations elevated in cancer patients. Whereas CECs were defined as CD45(‐) CD31(+) CD146(+), the distinct populations of CD45(‐) CD31(‐) CD146(+) and CD45(‐) CD31(high) CD146(‐) cells were partly positive for CD3 and CD41, respectively. CECs and CD45(‐) CD31(‐) CD146(+) cells increased during therapy; the rise in dead cells was positively correlated with patient response or survival. Conversely, CD45(‐) CD31(high) CD146(‐) cells decreased in neoadjuvant treatment. A highly significant correlation was established for improved patient response and a minor decrease in viable cell counts. CONCLUSIONS: Flow cytometric CEC analysis based on CD45, CD31, and CD146 requires careful discrimination between blood cell populations with overlapping phenotype showing hallmarks of activated T cells and large platelets. However, these three cell populations show distinct regulation during cancer therapy, and their concomitant analysis may offer extended prognostic and predictive information.
Three Field Radical Esophagectomy Versus Two Field Esophagectomy - a Prospective Trial; Three field radical esophagectomy versus two field esophagectomy – a prospective randomized controlled trial Background Esophageal cancer is a common problem worldwide and is associated with poor prognosis. Surgery is the mainstay of treatment and offers the only realistic possibility of cure and long term survival. Neoadjuvant and adjuvant chemotherapy and radiotherapy have been tried in addition to surgery and have only marginally impacted on survival. In spite of advancements in postoperative care and refinements in surgical technique, overall results with surgery have been disappointing. Moreover studies of neoadjuvant and adjuvant therapy have been confounded by the lack of a uniform surgical approach and extent of lymphadenectomy. The efficacy of prophylactic radical lymph node dissection in surgical treatment of esophageal cancer has been a topic of major controversy for many years. It has not been studied in a randomized controlled trial with adequate numbers. Non randomized studies have been criticized on the basis of selection bias and stage migration. There is presently no convincing evidence regarding improvement in survival by extensive three field lymphadenectomy. Objectives 1. To compare overall survival after three field and two field esophagectomy 2. To compare locoregional recurrence, disease free survival after three field and two field esophagectomy 3. To compare postoperative morbidity and mortality in the two groups 4. To evaluate short and long term quality of life after the two procedures Design Prospective randomized controlled trial Setting Tertiary level comprehensive cancer care centre in Western India. Patients and methods All patients with biopsy proven carcinoma of the esophagus presenting to our hospital will be considered for the study. Inclusion criteria 1. Patients with biopsy or cytology proven (squamous or adenocarcinoma) esophageal cancer (including Siewert’s type I and II CO junction cancers) 2. Patients with staging investigations indicating operability 3. Surgical plan for total transthoracic esophagectomy Exclusion criteria 1. Patients with low performance status (ECOG score > 1) 2. Past history of malignancy 3. Staging investigations indicating advanced disease 4. Patients medically unfit for surgical resection 5. Patients with pulmonary reserve inadequate to undergo thoracotomy and extensive mediastinal dissection 6. Patients considered for salvage surgery after definitive chemoradiotherapy 7. Patients unreliable for follow up 8. Patients above the age of 70 years 9. Patients with enlarged supracarinal nodes on CT scan / EUS 10. Grossly enlarged supracarinal lymph nodes seen intraoperatively 11. Patients with Siewert’s type III cancers. A detailed history including the main complaints and symptoms, symptoms suggestive of advanced disease or dissemination, comorbid conditions and performance status of the patient will be recorded on presentation. A confirmed diagnosis of esophageal carcinoma will be documented in our hospital. Staging investigations will be standard and will include 1. Computed Tomography (CT) scans in all patients 2. Endoscopic Ultrasonography (EUS) wherever possible 3. Fiberoptic bronchoscopy (all upper and middle third growths and patients with history of recent voice change). 4. Symptomatic patients will undergo further investigations depending on the symptom. Stratification criteria 1. Preoperative T stage (T1&2, T3 and T4) 2. Preoperative N stage (N0, N1) 3. Level of disease (upper, middle and lower third) 4. Neoadjuvant therapy (none, chemotherapy, chemoradiotherapy) 5. Histology (squamous or adenocarcinoma). Patients undergoing neoadjuvant chemotherapy or chemoradiotherapy will not be excluded but will be one of the stratification criteria for randomization. Patients will be assessed for operability by a team including two qualified thoracic surgeons and a radiologist. All patients will undergo routine and special investigations where indicated to assess fitness for major surgery and anesthesia. The perioperative risk will be assessed by a combination of the American Society of Anesthesiologists (ASA) grading and a modified risk score (Annexure 1). Patients with ASA grade I or II and those who have low or intermediate risk according to the modified risk scoring system will be considered for the trial. Patients will be explained about the trial and written informed consent will be taken (Annexure 2). Patients considered operable (either per primum or after neoadjuvant therapy) and fit for either procedure and who consent for the trial (Eligibility confirmation and randomization form, annexure 3) will be randomized into two groups. Randomization Block randomization will be done using a computer generated sheet. Randomization will be performed intraoperatively after confirming resectability of the primary tumor and confirming the absence of grossly enlarged supracarinal lymph nodes All patients considered for the trial will have a proforma filled for pre, intra and postoperative details (Annexure 4). Preoperative patient preparation would be routine and identical in both groups and will include chest physiotherapy, deep breathing exercises and incentive spirometry. Bronchodilators and antibiotics will be used selectively only if indicated. Trial schema Patients with esophageal cancer Staging investigations (CT scan, EUS, FOB) indicating operable disease with surgical plan of total transthoracic esophagectomy Investigations for fitness for surgery indicating good risk for surgery STRATIFY 1. Preoperative T stage (T1&2, T3 and T4) 2. Preoperative N stage (N0, N1) 3. Level of disease (upper, middle and lower third) 4. Neoadjuvant therapy (none, chemotherapy, chemoradiotherapy) 5. Histology (squamous or adenocarcinoma) RANDOMIZE Three field esophagectomy Two field esophagectomy All surgeries will be performed under general anesthesia with epidural analgesia. The surgery will be either performed by or under the direct supervision of consultant thoracic surgeons with experience in esophageal surgery. Thoracic esophageal mobilization and mediastinal lymphadenectomy will be done by open thoracotomy or video assisted thoracoscopic surgery. Lymphadenectomy will be as defined in the consensus conference of the fifth IGSC at Munich. Field 1. The abdominal field will include all lymphatic and connective tissues between the hiatus cranially, the upper border of the pancreas caudally, the splenic hilum to the left and the hepatoduodenal ligament and right gastric artery to the right. Field II. This refers to the intrathoracic compartment and is defined as 1. Standard lymphadenectomy: This includes para esophageal lymph nodes, subcarinal lymph nodes and right and left para bronchial lymph nodes. 2. Extended lymphadenectomy: This includes the standard lymphadenectomy plus the right apical nodes, right recurrent nerve nodes and the right paratracheal nodes. 3. Total lymphadenectomy: This includes the extended lymphadenectomy plus the left apical nodes plus the left recurrent nerve and paratracheal nodes. Field III. This refers to the cervical compartment and includes clearance in the omohyoid triangle with sparing of the sternocleidomastoid muscle and the internal jugular vein. The cranial landmark is the cricoid cartilage and the caudal landmark the upper margin of the clavicle. Three‐field lymphadenectomy: The type of resection will include lymph node clearance of Fields I and III and a total type Field II lymphadenectomy. Two field lymphadenectomy: The type of resection will include lymph node clearance of Field I and any of the types of lymphadenectomy in Field II. Standard mediastinal lymphadenectomy will be done in all patients; no special effort will be made to dissect the supracarinal compartment unless grossly enlarged lymph nodes are seen. Three field lymphadenectomy Two field lymphadenectomy Operative time, blood loss, blood product replacement and all intraoperative details will be recorded in the proforma. Patients will be shifted postoperatively to the intensive care unit (ICU) for observation and subsequently to the recovery or high dependency ward once stabilized. Postoperative details including period of postoperative ventilation, hemorrhage, pulmonary and cardiac complications, arrhythmias, thoracic duct leak, anastomotic leak, wound infection and recurrent laryngeal nerve paresis or palsy will be recorded. Postoperative complications will be recorded as per Annexure 5. Postoperative mortality will be defined as 30‐day mortality plus death before discharge after surgery. Patients will be started on oral feeds between the 8th and 10th day in the absence of an anastomotic leak. The total duration of ICU stay and hospital stay will also be recorded. Follow up Patients will be followed up four to six monthly for the first three years and annually thereafter. A detailed history and clinical examination will be done on every follow up with the quality of speech, swallowing recorded. Patients who had a fixed cord postoperatively will undergo laryngoscopy to assess recovery of function. Symptomatic patients will be investigated by upper gastrointestinal endoscopy, CT scan, ultrasound and haematological and biochemical investigations. Asymptomatic patients will not be routinely investigated. Sample size The sample size considering an improvement of survival from 25% to 35% will be 588 patients (289 in each arm). The trial will aim at enrolling 700 patients in order to adjust for loss to follow up and protocol violations. Interim analyses will be done when ¼ th (103 events) and ½ (206 events) of the estimated events occur. We expect to complete accrual of patients in seven years. Data management All collected data will be entered into a statistical software package for subsequent analysis (SPSS for Windows, Version 11.5) Main research variables Primary end point Overall survival in the two arms Secondary endpoints 1. Disease free survival 2. Locoregional recurrence 3. Postoperative morbidity and mortality 4. Quality of life – short and long term
A phase II study of robot assisted distal gastrectomy with nodal dissection for clinical stage IA gastric cancer; INTERVENTION: Robot assisted surgery CONDITION: Patients with Stage IA early gastric cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: The incidence of post‐operative intra‐abdominal infectious complications (anastomotic leakage, pancreas related infection, and intra‐abdominal abscess) SECONDARY OUTCOME: Oveall survival; Relapse free survival; Completion rate of robot assised surgery; The incidence of adverse event INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1) Biopsy specimen from the primary lesion shows adenocarcinoma 2) Diagnosed as Stage IA early gastric cancer according to the preoperative esophagogastroduodenoscopy and computer tomography 3) Endoscopic submucosal dissection is not indicated 4) Tumor was located within lower two thirds of stomach 5) Not having duodenal invasion 6) Eeatern clinical oncology group performans status is 0 or 1 7) Body mass index is lower than 30 8) No previous laparotomy 9) No previous chemotherapy or radiation including those for other cancers 10) Fulfil all following conditions WBC > 3,000/mm3 Plt > 100,000/mm3 AST < 100 IU/L ALT < 100IU/L T.Bil < 2.0 g/dl Cre < 1.5mg/dl
A phase II study of robot assisted gastrectomy with nodal dissection for clinical stage IA and IB gastric cancer; INTERVENTION: Robot assisted surgery CONDITION: Patients with clinical stage IA or IB gastric cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: The incidence of post‐operative intra‐abdominal infectious complications (anastomotic leakage, pancreas related infection, and intra‐abdominal abscess) SECONDARY OUTCOME: Oveall survival ; Relapse free survival ; Completion rate of robot assised surgery ; The incidence of adverse event INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1) Biopsy specimen from the primary lesion shows adenocarcinoma 2) Diagnosed as Stage IA or IB gastric cancer according to the preoperative esophagogastroduodenoscopy and computer tomography 3) Endoscopic submucosal dissection is not indicated 4) Curative resection is expected by distal gastrectomy or total gastrectomy 5) Not having duodenal invasion 6) Eeatern clinical oncology group performans status is 0 or 1 7) Body mass index is lower than 30 8) no prior upper abdominal surgery or intestinal resection other than appendectomy 9) No previous chemotherapy or radiation including those for other cancers 10) Fulfil all following conditions WBC > 3,000/mm3 Plt > 100,000/mm3 AST < 100 IU/L ALT < 100IU/L T.Bil < 2.0 g/dl Cre < 1.5mg/dl
A phase II study of robot assisted gastrectomy with nodal dissection for clinical stage I gastric cancer; INTERVENTION: Robot assisted surgery CONDITION: Patients with clinical stage IA or IB gastric cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: The incidence of post‐operative intra‐abdominal infectious complications (anastomotic leakage, pancreas related infection, and intra‐abdominal abscess) SECONDARY OUTCOME: Oveall survival ; Relapse free survival ; Completion rate of robot assised surgery ; The incidence of adverse event INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1) Biopsy specimen from the primary lesion shows adenocarcinoma 2) Diagnosed as Stage IA or IB gastric cancer according to the preoperative esophagogastroduodenoscopy and computer tomography 3) Endoscopic submucosal dissection is not indicated 4) Curative resection is expected by distal gastrectomy or total gastrectomy 5) Not having duodenal invasion 6) Eeatern clinical oncology group performans status is 0 or 1 7) Body mass index is lower than 30 8) no prior upper abdominal surgery or intestinal resection other than appendectomy 9) No previous chemotherapy or radiation including those for other cancers 10) Fulfil all following conditions WBC > 3,000/mm3 Plt > 100,000/mm3 AST < 100 IU/L ALT < 100IU/L T.Bil < 2.0 g/dl Cre < 1.5mg/dl
A phase II study of robot assisted distal and total gastrectomy with nodal dissection for clinical stage IA and IB gastric cancer; INTERVENTION: Robot assisted surgery CONDITION: Patients with Stage IA and IB gastric cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: The incidence of post‐operative intra‐abdominal infectious complications (anastomotic leakage, pancreas related infection, and intra‐abdominal abscess) SECONDARY OUTCOME: Oveall survival ; Relapse free survival ; Completion rate of robot assised surgery; The incidence of adverse event INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1) Biopsy specimen from the primary lesion shows adenocarcinoma 2) Diagnosed as Stage IA early gastric cancer according to the preoperative esophagogastroduodenoscopy and computer tomography 3) Endoscopic submucosal dissection is not indicated 4) Tumor was located within lower two thirds of stomach 5) Not having duodenal invasion 6) Eeatern clinical oncology group performans status is 0 or 1 7) Body mass index is lower than 30 8) No previous laparotomy 9) No previous chemotherapy or radiation including those for other cancers 10) Fulfil all following conditions WBC > 3,000/mm3 Plt > 100,000/mm3 AST < 100 IU/L ALT < 100IU/L T.Bil < 2.0 g/dl Cre < 1.5mg/dl
To evaluate the bioequivalence and assess the safety and tolerability of Olaparib Tablets 150 mg in patients with ovarian cancer or breast cancer or prostate cancer under fasting condition; INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Olaparib Tablets 150 mg: Dosage: 150mg Frequency: 2x150mg tablets twice‐daily Route of administration: Oral Duration: 14 days Control Intervention1: Lynparza® (Olaparib) Tablets 150 mg: Dosage: 150mg Frequency: 2x150mg tablets twice‐daily Route of administration: Oral Duration: 14 days CONDITION: Health Condition 1: C50‐ Malignant neoplasm of breast Health Condition 2: C56‐ Malignant neoplasm of ovary Health Condition 3: C25‐ Malignant neoplasm of pancreas Health Condition 4: C61‐ Malignant neoplasm of prostate PRIMARY OUTCOME: Primary Endpoint(s): ; Cmaxss and AUC0‐tauss ; Secondary Endpoint(s): ; Cminss, Tmaxss, Cavss, degree of Fluctuation, and Swing ; Timepoint: 2 Week SECONDARY OUTCOME: Safety and tolerabilityTimepoint: 3 Week INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Male or non‐pregnant, non‐lactating female between 18‐75 years of age (both inclusive) who are willing to provide informed consent to participate in the study. 2. Patient with deleterious or suspected deleterious germline or somatic BRCA‐mutated advanced epithelial ovarian, fallopian tube or primary peritoneal cancer who are in a complete or partial response to first‐line platinum‐based chemotherapy. OR Patient with deleterious or suspected deleterious germline or somatic BRCA‐mutated recurrent epithelial ovarian, fallopian tube or primary peritoneal cancer, who are in a complete or partial response to platinum‐based chemotherapy. OR Patient with deleterious or suspected deleterious gBRCAm human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)‐negative high risk early breast cancer who have been treated with neoadjuvant or adjuvant chemotherapy. OR Patient with deleterious or suspected deleterious gBR
Postoperative administration of octreotide to reduce lymphorrhea after lymphadenectomy in gynecological malignancies; Introduction Octreotide is a synthetic analog of natural somatostatin. Its use is acromegaly, pancreatic surgery, reducing bleeding from esophageal varices in liver cirrhosis patients. Octreotide effect on lymphorrhea reduction in gynecological malignancies has only been assessed in case studies. Methods In 2014 there was a prospective, randomized, one‐institution study. Patients underwent surgery including pelvic or pelvic and paraaortic lymphadenectomy for cervical, uterine and ovarian cancer. The informed consent was signed. Octreotide was postoperative administered from first to fifth day, 0,3mg/day, with low‐fat parenteral diet. Drains were removed by lymphorrhea ≤ 100 ml/day. Octreotide was evaluated in relation to diagnosis, surgery (laparoscopy versus laparotomy), neoadjuvant chemotherapy, albumin, BMI, number of removed lymph nodes and their positivity. Results 44 patients (9 cervical, 19 endometrial and 16 ovarian cancer) were enrolled in 2 statistically comparable randomized groups. “Octreotide group”, which paradoxically showed lymphorrhea of 4082 ml on average, (without 1992 ml, P=0,001), needed drainage for more days (P=0,001). The diagnosis had no influence on lymphorrhea in both groups (P=0,966). The neoadjuvant chemotherapy was administered (P=0,026), the more lymph nodes were removed (P=0,018), the more days the drainage was in place (P<0,001), the bigger the lymphorrhea; no relationship was found between lymphorrhea and age (P=0,63), albumin level (P=0,584), BMI (P=0,966) or number of positive nodes (0,259). Conclusion Octreotide did not reduce lymphorrhea, which was the reason to stop the study after one year. The influence on incidence of lymphocele, lymphatic ascites or lymphoedema will be evaluated in both groups after a one‐year follow‐up.
A study to evaluate the use of Ibrutinib in combination with nab-paclitaxel and gemcitabine versus placebo in combination with nab-paclitaxel and gemcitabine, in patients with metastatic pancreatic adenocarcinoma; INTERVENTION: Product Name: Ibrutinib Product Code: PCI‐32765 Pharmaceutical Form: Capsule, hard INN or Proposed INN: Ibrutinib CAS Number: 936563‐96‐1 Current Sponsor code: PCI 32675 Other descriptive name: IBRUTINIB Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 140‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Capsule, hard Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use Trade Name: ABRAXANE Product Name: ABRAXANE Pharmaceutical Form: Concentrate for solution for infusion INN or Proposed INN: Nab‐paclitaxel CAS Number: 33069‐62‐4 Other descriptive name: PACLITAXEL ALBUMIN‐BOUND Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 100‐ Trade Name: Gemcitabine Product Name: Gemcitabine Pharmaceutical Form: Concentrate for solution for infusion INN or Proposed INN: Gemcitabine CAS Number: 95058‐81‐4 Other descriptive name: GEMCITABINE HYDROCHLORIDE Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 1000‐ CONDITION: metastatic pancreatic adenocarcinoma ; MedDRA version: 20.0 Level: LLT Classification code 10033599 Term: Pancreatic adenocarcinoma metastatic System Organ Class: 100000004864 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Cancer [C04] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: The primary objective of the study is to evaluate the efficacy of ibrutinib in combination with nab‐paclitaxel and gemcitabine versus placebo in combination with nab‐paclitaxel and gemcitabine, based on investigator assessment of progression‐free survival (PFS) and overall survival (OS), for the first line treatment of patients with metastatic pancreatic adenocarcinoma. Primary end point(s): The primary endpoints are progression free survival, as determined by investigator assessment, according to RECIST 1.1 criteria and overall survival. Secondary Objective: Secondary objectives are the following:; • Clinical benefit response (CBR) rate; • Overall response rate (ORR): complete response (CR) + partial response (PR), per investigator assessment; • Carbohydrate antigen 19‐9 (CA19‐9) response; • Patient‐reported outcome (PRO) by EORTC QLQ‐C30; • Rate of venous thromboembolic events (VTE); • To evaluate the safety and tolerability of ibrutinib in combination with nab‐paclitaxel and gemcitabine versus placebo in combination with nab‐paclitaxel and gemcitabine Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: throughout all the study SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): • Clinical benefit response (CBR) rate ; • Overall response rate (ORR): CR + PR, per investigator assessment ; • Carbohydrate antigen 19‐9 (CA19‐9) response ; • Patient‐reported outcomes (PRO): global health status based on QLQ‐C30 ; • Rate of venous thromboembolic events (VTE) ; Other Secondary Endpoints: the safety and tolerability of ibrutinib/placebo in combination with nab‐paclitaxel and gemcitabine versus the combination of placebo with nab‐paclitaxel and gemcitabine Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: throughout all the study INCLUSION CRITERIA: To be enrolled in the study, each potential subject must satisfy all of the following inclusion criteria. 1. Histologically or cytologically confirmed diagnosis of pancreatic adenocarcinoma. 2. Stage IV disease diagnosed within 6 weeks of randomization. 3. Disease which is evaluable according to RECIST 1.1, with at least one measurable metastatic lesion (not in a previously irradiated area). 4. Disease status for which, in the opinion of the investigator, nab‐paclitaxel and gemcitabine is considered an appropriate treatment choice. 5. No previous radiotherapy, surgery, cytotoxic chemotherapy or investigational therapy for the treatment of metastatic pancreatic adenocarcinoma. 6. No prior neo‐adjuvant, peri‐operative or adjuvant chemotherapy for primary disease of pancreaatic adenocarcinoma. Prior treatment with 5‐FU, gemcitabine or capecitabine administered as a radiation sensitizer (at non‐cytotoxic doses) in the adjuvant setting is all
NUPAT-07; INTERVENTION: GnP group Patients will undergo preoperative chemotherapy with 125mg/m2 nab‐PTX and 1000 mg/m2 gemcitabine for four weeks. After first course, if the effectivity and safety were acceptable, patients undergo another course of chemotherapy. GnP and concurrent radiotherapy group Patients will undergo preoperative chemotherapy with 100mg/m2 nab‐PTX and 800 mg/m2 gemcitabine for four weeks. Concurrent radiotherapy will be also performed. After first course, if the effectivity and safety were acceptable, patients undergo another course of chemotherapy. * Completion of 8 weeks chemo(radio)therapy is defined as completion of protocol therapy. * Curative intent surgery will be considered after completion of protocol therapy. CONDITION: Borderline resectable pancreatic cancer ; Borderline resectable, pancreatic cancer D021441 PRIMARY OUTCOME: R0 resection rate SECONDARY OUTCOME: 2‐years local recurrence rate, recurrence free survival, overall survival, pathological tumor reduction according to Evans grade, Tumor response defined by RECIST, rate of completion of preoperative therapy, rate of adverse effect, surgical morbidity INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1.Borderline resectable pancreatic cancer 2.Age 20=< and =<79 3.Performance status 0‐1
Effects of robotic and laparoscopic-assisted surgery on lymph node dissection and short-term outcomes in patients with Siewert II adenocarcinoma of esophagogastric junction; OBJECTIVE: To compare the effects of robotic and laparoscopic‐assisted radical total gastrectomy on lymph node dissection and short���term outcomes in patients with Siewert type II adenocarcinoma of esophagogastric junction (AEG). METHODS: Inclusion criteria: the tumor center was located between 2 cm above and below the esophagogastric junction and was confirmed as adenocarcinoma by endoscopic biopsy. EXCLUSION CRITERIA: tumor with local invasion of the liver,spleen, pancreas or other organs; intraoperative finding of tumor dissemination or distant metastasis; patients undergoing palliative surgical treatment or preoperative neoadjuvant chemotherapy; patients with serious heart diseases, lung diseases, liver diseases, kidney diseases and other comorbidities; patients with multiple primary cancers;patients receiving emergency surgery. According to the above criteria, 82 patients with Siewert type II AEG who underwent gastrointestinal surgery at the Affiliated Hospital of Qingdao University from October 2014 to October 2018 were enrolled in the study. They were randomly divided into robotic surgery groups (41 cases) and laparoscopic group (41 cases) according to a computer‐generated randomized allocation table. Both groups underwent radical total gastrectomy plus D2 lymph node dissection through the transabdominal esophageal hiatus approach. The intraoperative conditions and postoperative short‐term outcomes were compared between two groups, including surgery time, intraoperative blood loss, length of esophagectomy, postoperative complications, postoperative gastrointestinal recovery time, length of hospital stay, postoperative unplanned reoperation rate and rehospitalization rate. Mean±SD is used for the measurement data that conforms to the normal distribution, and two independent sample t‐tests are used to compare the two groups; the comparison of the count data is performed by the χ² test. CONCLUSION: Robot‐assisted radical total gastrectomy for Siewert II AEG is safe and feasible, which is characterized by more sophisticated operation, less blood loss and higher quality of lymph node dissection, especially for subphrenic and inferior mediastinal lymph nodes. RESULTS: There were 35 males (85.4%) with age of (62.3±10.0) years and body mass index of (24.4±3.2) kg/m² in the robotic surgery group. There were 37 males (90.2%) with age of (62.5±10.0) years and body mass index of (23.8±2.6) kg/m² in the laparoscopic group. No significant differences in the baseline data between two groups were found (all P>0.05). All the patients of both groups completed R0 resection successfully without conversion to laparotomy or perioperative death. Compared with the laparoscopic group, the robotic group had less intraoperative blood loss [(70.7±39.9) ml vs. (110.2±70.6) ml, t=3.118, P=0.003], longer resected esophagus [(3.0±0.7) cm vs. (1.9±0.5) cm, t=8.759, P<0.001], but longer setup time [(56.5±7.4) minutes vs. (36.0±6.6) minutes, t=4.241, P<0.001], and higher hospitalization costs [(122 317.31±57 789.33) yuan vs. (99 401.56±39 349.53) yuan, t=2.099, P=0.039], whose differences were statistically significant (all P<0.05). The total number of harvested lymph node in the robotic surgery group was 39.2±15.3,which was significantly higher than that in the laparoscopic group (33.0±12.1) (t=0.733, P=0.047). In the robotic group and the laparoscopic group, the mediastinal lymph node No.110 and No.111 were 3.6±1.2 vs. 1.5±1.0 and 3.7±2.0 vs. 1.8±1.1, respectively, with significant difference (t=10.138, P<0.001, t=8.227, P<0.001); axillary lymph node No.19 and No.20 were 2.3±1.2 vs. 1.1±0.9 and 2.0±1.0 vs. 1.0±0.1, respectively, with significant difference (t=7.082, P<0.001,t=8.672,P<0.001). There were no significant differences in the total number of abdominal lymph node and the number of lymph node in abdominal stations between two group (all P>0.05). The highest lymph node metastasis rate was approximately 20% and observed in No.1, No.2, No.3, and No.7, followed by No.8a, No.9, No.11p, and No.110 with around 5%. The lymph node metastasis rate in other stations (No.4sa, No.4sb, No.4d, No.5, No.6, No.11d, No.12a, No.19, No.20 and No.111) was less than 5%.There were no significant differences in postoperative complication rate, postoperative fever time, postoperative exhaust and defecation time, fluid diet time, and postoperative hospital stay (all P>0.05). There were 2 patients(4.9%) with unplanned reoperation and 1 patient (2.4%) with unplanned re‐admission in the laparoscopic group,while 3 patients (7.3%)with unplanned reoperation and 2 patients (4.9%)with unplanned re‐admission in the robotic surgery group, whose differences were also not statistically significant (χ²=0.240,P=0.675;χ²=0.346,P=1.000).
Weight loss prevention after PD using Anamorelin; INTERVENTION: Patients will be randomized by day 6 after pancreaticoduodenectomy. From day 7, patients will start anamorelin hydrochloride 100 mg oral‐intake once daily upon awakening. The duration of the intake will be 12 weeks. CONDITION: C253 Pancreatic cancer ; Pancreatic cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: Percentage of postoperative weight loss compared to preoperative weight (the lowest weight by 13 weeks after surgery) SECONDARY OUTCOME: 1) Compare the induction date of adjuvant chemotherapy (AC) and the intensity of AC (initial dose and frequency of discontinuation); 2) Compare the nutrition status using several blood‐test‐based indices (serum albumin, Lymphocyte count, PNI, mGPS, CONUT score).; 3) Overall survival and recurrence free survival INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1) Patients who underwent pancreatoduodenectomy for pancreatic cancer, have started oral intake by the 7th postoperative day, and have been judged by physician examination and x‐ray photos to have an acceptable increase in food intake after starting anamorelin oral administration. 2) Patients who have understood and agreed the concept of the study. 3) Age more than 18, regardless of gender, preoperative complications, or stage of cancer.
NACRT(GA-RT) vs NAC(GA) for BRPC; INTERVENTION: Group GA GEM;1000mg/m2,intraverous infusion on Day1,Day8,Day15 neb‐PTX;125mg,intravenous infusion on Day1,Day8,Day15 Group GA‐RT GEM;800mg/m2,intravenous infusion on Day1,Day8,Day15,Day29 nab‐PTX;100mg,intravenous infusion on Day1,Day8,Day15,Day29 RT;2.0 Gy/day,from Monday to Friday every week,total 50.0 Gy CONDITION: Borderline resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma ; Borderline resectable pancreatic cancer, Prospective randomized control study, Neoadjuvant chemotherapy, Neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy C535836 PRIMARY OUTCOME: 3‐year survival rate SECONDARY OUTCOME: Clinical effect, safety, Resection rate, R0 resection rate, Pathological effect, Local recurrence rate,Overall survival (OS), Recurrence free suvival (RFS) INCLUSION CRITERIA: Inclusion criteria (1)Histological or cytological evidence of pancreatic ductal adenocarinoma (2)Age>=20,Age<80 (3)PS:0‐1(ECOG grade) (4)Radiological diagnosis as BR‐PC according to NCCN guideline version 1.2020 as follows 4‐1.Solid tumor contact with the SMV or PV of >180deg 4‐2.Solid tumor contct with CA,CHA,SMA of <=180deg 4‐3.Solid tumor contact with the inferior vena cava(IVC) 4‐4.Solid tumor contact with CA,CHA>180deg without the involvement (5)The expected prognosis>=6months (6)Patients with normal function of principle organs(bone marrow,liver,kidney,lung,etc) 6‐1.Neutrocyte >=2,000/mm3 6‐2.Pltelet >=100,000/mm3 6‐3.Hemoglobin >=9.5g/dL 6‐4.Total bilirubin <=2.0mg/dL (or <=3.0mg/dL in patients with intervention for obstructive jundice) 6‐5.AST(GOT),ALT(GPT) <=150U/L 6‐6.serum creatinine <=1.2mg/dL 6‐7.creatinine clerance >=60mL/min(according to Cockroft‐Gult calculating formula) 6‐8.SpO2>=90% (7)en
Study of XL184 in subjects with advanced solid tumors; INTERVENTION: Product Name: XL184 Product Code: XL184 Pharmaceutical Form: Capsule, hard INN or Proposed INN: Cabozantinib CAS Number: 1140909‐48‐3 Current Sponsor code: XL184 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 19.7‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Capsule, hard Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use Product Name: XL184 Product Code: XL184 Pharmaceutical Form: Capsule, hard INN or Proposed INN: Cabozantinib CAS Number: 1140909‐48‐3 Current Sponsor code: XL184 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Capsule, hard Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use Product Name: XL184 Product Code: XL184 Pharmaceutical Form: Capsule, hard INN or Proposed INN: Cabozantinib CAS Number: 1140909‐48‐3 Current Sponsor code: XL184 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 60‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Capsule, hard Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use CONDITION: To evaluate the efficacy of XL184 in subjects with one of the following advanced solid tumors: a. Breast Cancer b. Gastric and Gastroesophageal Junction Cancer c. Hepatocellular Carcinoma (HCC) d. Melanoma e. Non‐small Cell Lung Cancer f. Ovarian, primary peritoneal or fallopian tube Carcinoma g. Pancreatic Cancer h. Castration‐Resistanct Prostate Cancer (CRPC) i. Small Cell Lung Cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: The primary objective of this study is:; ‐ To evaluate the efficacy of XL184 in subjects with advanced solid tumors Primary end point(s): Primary Endpoints:; Randomized Discontinuation Trial (RDT) Cohorts:; Lead‐in Stage:; • Objective Response Rate (ORR) per Modified Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors mRECIST (version 1.0; Appendix F), per investigator; ; Randomized Stage:; • Progression‐free survival (PFS), per investigator; ; Non‐Randomized Expansion (NRE) Cohorts:; • Castration‐resistant Prostate Cancer (CRPC) subjects: Bone scan response per IRF (primary analysis; Section 5.5.11.4) and investigator (supportive analysis; Appendix H); • Non‐CRPC subjects: ORR per mRECIST (version 1.1; Appendix G), per Independent Radiology Facility (IRF) (primary analysis) and investigator (supportive analysis); Secondary Objective: The secondary objectives of this study are:; ‐ To evaluate the safety and tolerability of XL184 in subjects with advanced solid tumors; ‐ To correlate the pathway dysfunction of desease‐related genes or proteins such as MET and downstream signaling molecules with clinical outcome; ‐ To further characterize the pharmacokinetic (PK) and pharmacodynamic parameters of XL184; ; To evaluate the safety and efficacy of cabozantinib at two starting dose levels ( 100mg and 39.4 mg once daily (qd)); ; The exploratory objective of this study is:; ‐ To identify surrogate biomarkers associated with clinical activity SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): All tumor type cohorts unless otherwise specified: ; • Bone scan response in RDT cohorts, per IRF ; ORR (per mRECIST 1.0) in the Randomized Stage, per investigator ; • Duration of response, per investigator (all cohorts) and IRF (NRE cohorts) ; • PFS (NRE cohorts), per investigator and IRF ; • Overall survival (NRE cohorts) ; • Changes in tumor markers ; CRPC NRE cohorts: ; • ORR (per mRECIST 1.1), per IRF and investigator, among subjects with ; baseline measurable disease ; • Changes in pain and in analgesic medication ; • Skeletal‐related events (SREs) ; • Biomarker and laboratory assessments, including circulating tumor cells ; (CTCs), hemoglobin and hematocrit measurements, and markers of bone ; metabolism including serum bone‐specific alkaline phosphatase (ALP), ; CTx (carboxy‐terminal collagen crosslinks), and NTx (N‐telopeptide ; crosslinks) ; Safety endpoints include adverse events (AEs) and clinical laboratory parameters. INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. The subject has a cytologically or histologically and radiologically confirmed, advanced, recurrent, or metastatic solid tumor of the nine types listed below (a i) The following limitations on prior systemic anticancer treatments apply: • The maximum number of prior systemic treatment regimens apply to the advanced, recurrent, or metastatic disease state. • Unless otherwise specified in a‐i, determination of the number of prior treatments will be based on the following: • Prior systemic treatments include standard and investigational chemotherapy and targeted therapies (including targeted biologic therapies). • Neoadjuvant, adjuvant, hormonal, or locally administered therapy (including embolization, ablation), radiotherapy, and immunotherapy do not count towards these restrictions. • Retreatment with the same systemic regimen is counted as one regimen. Specific restrictions to tumor histology and prior systemic anticancer tre
Optimizing Influenza Vaccination in Surgical Oncology Patients; Seasonal influenza (flu) is a significant and sometimes serious health issue in the U.S. The Centers for Disease Control (CDC) estimates that over 200,000 people are hospitalized in the U.S each year related to the flu. Public health campaigns advocate widespread vaccination for the flu, and especially for high risk people. People with cancer are high risk, with an increased risk of developing complications from the flu, such as pneumonia, bronchitis, or worsening of other medical conditions. As part of their vaccination campaign, the CDC strongly encourages inpatients to be vaccinated prior to hospital discharge. Accordingly, Stony Brook Hospital has enacted a policy that mandates screening all hospital inpatients for vaccination prior to discharge. While physicians or patients can opt not to vaccinate, the default is to proceed. Surgical oncologists have several concerns about vaccinating their patients after major surgical procedures. Patients with cancer have impaired immunity, and the ability of our patients to mount an effective immune response to the vaccine is unclear. Conversely, due to their immunocompromised state, our patients may be more susceptible to complications from the vaccine, such as influenza‐like‐illness (ILI), or have higher rates of postoperative complications due to the additional immune challenge of the vaccine. Previous studies have evaluated the flu vaccine in patients receiving chemotherapy, or after organ transplantation, but the combination of cancer and major surgery remains unstudied. This is a collaborative study with Infectious Diseases and Microbiology to evaluate the response to the flu vaccine in patients with pancreatic or gastric cancer, soft tissue sarcoma or peritoneal surface disease (i.e. carcinomatosis from appendiceal or colon cancers). Patients will be randomly selected to receive the vaccine either 2 weeks preoperatively or postoperatively at the time of discharge. Serum antibody response, rates of ILI and post‐op complications will be analyzed. The long term goal of this study is two‐fold: to determine the optimal time to vaccinate this group of patients in relation to their surgery, and to improve compliance with vaccination.
Short or long NAT for BR/LAPC (ADVANTAGE Trial); INTERVENTION: Product Name: Kalciumfolinat STADA 10 mg/ml injektionsvätska, lösning, Product Code:PRD1861733, Pharmaceutical Form: SOLUTION FOR INJECTION, Other descriptive name: , Strength: , Product Name: Gemcitabine Accord 100 mg/ml Koncentrat till infusionsvätska, lösning, Product Code:PRD1980140, Pharmaceutical Form: SOLUTION FOR INFUSION, Other descriptive name: , Strength: , Product Name: Fluorouracil 50mg/ml Injection., Product Code:PRD1165361, Pharmaceutical Form: SOLUTION FOR INJECTION, Other descriptive name: , Strength: , Product Name: Irinotecan Hydrochloride 20 mg/ml concentrate for solution for infusion, Product Code:PRD1165463, Pharmaceutical Form: SOLUTION FOR INFUSION, Other descriptive name: , Strength: , Product Name: Oxaliplatin Hospira 5 mg/ml concentrate for solution for infusion, Product Code:PRD1169518, Pharmaceutical Form: SOLUTION FOR INFUSION, Other descriptive name: , Strength: , Product Name: Paclitaxel 6 mg/ml concentrate for solution for infusion, Product Code:PRD1167100, Pharmaceutical Form: SOLUTION FOR INFUSION, Other descriptive name: , Strength: CONDITION: Advanced pancreatic cancer Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Digestive System Diseases [C06] Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Neoplasms [C04] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To assess the optimal duration of preoperative chemotherapy before conversion surgery for patients with borderline and locally advanced pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma in attempt to improve survival Primary end point(s): •Overall survival at 24 months after randomization •Overall survival among resected patients at 24 months after randomization Secondary Objective: •Overall survival in intention‐to‐treat and per protocol treated •Progression‐free survival •Overall survival among non‐resected at 24 months •Overall survival among patients with BR in the two arms and among patients with LAPC in the two arms in ITT •Overall and progression‐free survival among resected patients with BR in the two arms and among resected patients with LAPC in the two arms •Difference in overall and progression‐free survival between BR and LAPC patients – in ITT among all treated patients and among resected patients •Resection rate •Dose intensity •Toxicity •Chemotherapy start‐rate and completion rate •Surgical complications, 90 days (Clavien‐Dindo and ISGPS) •Quality of life (EORTC QLQ‐PAN26 and PACADI) •Biochemical response (CA19‐9, CEA, CA125). •Histopathologic response (CAP) •N0 resection rate SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s):• Overall survival in intention‐to‐treat and per protocol treated • Progression‐free survival • Overall survival among non‐resected at 24 months • Overall survival among patients with BR in the two arms and among patients with LAPC in the two arms in ITT • Overall and progression‐free survival among resected patients with BR in the two arms and among resected patients with LAPC in the two arms • Difference in overall and progression‐free survival between BR and LAPC patients – in ITT among al INCLUSION CRITERIA: • Borderline or locally advanced pancreatic adenocarcinoma at diagnosis according to NCCN Clinical Practice Guidelines, version 1.2022 • Histo‐ or cytologically confirmed adenocarcinoma • T1‐4, Nx, M0 according to AJCC 8th edition • Age = 18 years‐of‐age • ECOG 0‐1 and considered fit for the planned chemotherapy and surgery • Written informed patient consent
Targeted thromboprophylaxis in ambulatory patients receiving anticancer therapies (TARGET-TP); INTERVENTION: Standard of care anticancer treatment plus enoxaparin thromboprophylaxis 40mg self‐administered subcutaneously once daily for minimum 3 months, or until completion of anticancer therapy, to maximum 6 months (adherence monitored by drug returns). CONDITION: Bowel Cancer Liver Cancer Lung Cancer Oesophageal Cancer Pancreatic Cancer Stomach Cancer Thromboembolism PRIMARY OUTCOME: Objectively confirmed symptomatic or asymptomatic thromboembolism. ; ; All thromboembolic events must be confirmed by appropriate standard diagnostic investigations such as radiological imaging for DVT or PE and cardiac investigations for suspected myocardial infarct. Study specific imaging will not be performed. A blinded clinical review panel will directly assess and review all radiological and cardiac investigations to confirm events. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Adverse events other than bleeding probably or definitely related to the study drug ; ; Causality of events assessed by the treating clinician with grading of events assessed according to CTCAE v5.0 criteria. Outcome data will be reported by the treating clinician in the patient medical record. Anti‐clot treatment survey, among patients randomised to thromboprophylaxis (Anti‐Clot Treatment Scale) Any bleeding (major or CRNM) ; ; Defined as above for either major or CRNM bleeding events. Outcome data will be reported by the treating clinician in the patient medical record. A blinded clinical review panel will directly assess and review all bleeding events, medical record documentation and any supportive medical tests, to confirm events. Clinically relevant non‐major (CRNM) bleeding, ; ; Defined as bleeding not meeting criteria for major bleeding but that would be considered relevant and not trivial by a patient and physician. Outcome data will be reported by the treating clinician in the patient medical record. A blinded clinical review panel will directly assess and review all bleeding events, medical record documentation and any supportive medical tests, to confirm events. Duration of response, defined as the time from the date of first response of PR or better until the date of disease progression, for those patients who experience a PR or better (death is a censoring event) ; ; Date of first partial Response (PR) and progressive disease (PD) will be assessed by the treating clinician based on standard of care radiological imaging and reported in the patient medical record. ; ; Healthcare resource utilisation costs for patients with TE‐related events compared to those without TE‐related events. ; ; Outcome will be assessed using hospital administrative data with the following cost parameters identified for measurement: ; • Component costs (medical, nursing, pharmacy, imaging, pathology, hotel, allied health ; and non‐clinical salaries, operating rooms and specialist procedure suites) associated with ; diagnosis‐related group (DRG) and length of hospital stay, including hospital‐in‐the home. ; • Drug costs include preventative dose anticoagulation for the prevention of TE and ; therapeutic dose anticoagulation for the treatment of TE. ; • Intensive Care Unit (ICU) stay valued by critical care component cost by DRG and length ; of ICU stay. ; • Use of mechanical ventilation ; • Readmission(s) associated with TE‐related complication ; • Outpatient clinic visits valued by Australian Medicare Benefits Schedule (MBS) ; • Complications of the TE ; • Additional radiology necessitated (CTs, Doppler) as valued by MBS. ; • Additional pathology tests e.g. FBE, coagulation screen as valued by MBS cost. ; • Medical treatment (with enoxaparin according to standard hospital protocol), 36 with ; pharmaceutical costs valued according to Health Purchasing Victoria (HPV) Contract. ; • Costs associated with complications arising from iatrogenic causes of TE‐management ; including bleeding and concomitant medication to minimise bleeding risk. Major bleeding. ; ; Defined as clinically overt bleeding meeting at least one of the following criteria: fatal bleeding; symptomatic bleeding in a critical area or organ, such as intracranial, intraspinal, intraocular, retroperitoneal, intraarticular or pericardial, or intramuscular with compartment syndrome; bleeding causing a fall in haemoglobin level of 20 g/L or more, or leading to transfusion of two or more units of whole blood or red cells. Clinically overt was defined as new onset visible bleeding or signs and symptoms suggestive of bleeding which in the absence of visible bleeding were confirmed by relevant imaging techniques. Outcome data will be reported by the treating clinician in the patient medical record. A blinded clinical review panel will directly assess and review all bleeding events, medical record documentation and any supportive medical tests, to confirm events. Overall response (OR), defined as clinician reported best response to therapy [Complete Response (CR), Partial Response (PR), Stable Disease (SD), Progressive Disease (PD)]. Outcome data will be assessed by the treating clinician based on standard of care radiological imaging and reported in the patient medical record. ; Overall survival, defined as the time from registration on study to date of death. ; ; Survival status, and date of death if relevant, will be assessed at study follow‐up visits occurring at months 1, 3, 6, and 12, then yearly. If patients cannot be contacted all attempts will be made to obtain information from relevant healthcare providers. Progression free survival, defined as the time from registration on study to the earliest of date of disease progression or death. ; ; Date of progressive disease (PD) will be assessed by the treating clinician based on standard of care radiological imaging and reported in the patient medical record. Disease and survival status will be assessed at study follow‐up visits occurring at months 1, 3, 6, and 12, then yearly. If patients cannot be contacted all attempts will be made to obtain information from relevant healthcare providers. Quality of life survey, among all patients (SF12v2.0) TE risk classification assessed according to fibrinogen and d‐dimer levels with high risk classification defined if a patient is receiving chemotherapy and meets any one of the below criteria: ; (i) fibrinogen greater than or equal to 4g/L and d‐dimer greater than or equal to 0.5mg/L at baseline ; (ii) d‐dimer greater than or equal to 1.5mg/L at baseline, or ; (iii) d‐dimer greater than or equal to 1.5mg/L at month one. TE risk classification assessed according to fibrinogen and d‐dimer levels with low risk classification defined if a patient is receiving chemotherapy and does not meet any of the below criteria: ; (i) fibrinogen greater than or equal to 4g/L and d‐dimer greater than or equal to 0.5mg/L at baseline ; (ii) d‐dimer greater than or equal to 1.5mg/L at baseline, or ; (iii) d‐dimer greater than or equal to 1.5mg/L at month one. INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Patient is 18 years of age or older 2. Patient has a confirmed histological diagnosis of any gastrointestinal or lung cancer 3. Patient is newly diagnosed treatment‐naïve or is previously treated with newly relapsed or progressive disease 5. Patient has expected life expectancy of at least six months, as estimated by their treating clinician 6. Patient has provided written confirmation of informed consent on participant information and consent form 4. Patient is being considered for, but has not commenced anticancer therapy including chemotherapy and/or radiotherapy and/or immunotherapy and/or targeted therapies, within neoadjuvant, adjuvant, curative, or palliative treatment settings
Laparoscopic Cholecystectomy is no More Risky in Emergent Cases With in Cardiopulmonary Risk: fundus-Callot Cholecystectomy With Low Pressure Pneumo-peritoneum VS Open Cholecystectomy; 1. INTRODUCTION Evolving the role of laparoscopy in the last decades in managing of different surgical diseases especially biliary diseases had made laparoscopic cholecystectomy of special interest in the field of surgery. The wide spread of use of laparoscopic cholecystectomy put this surgery in the front line of the commonest operation performed in digestive system surgery and really put open cholecystectomy a side.[ Gouma DJ, Rauws EA, Lameris JS. Bile duct injury after cholecystectomy: risk of mortality substantially higher. NedTijdscr Genseeskd 2004; 148: 1020‐24.] Laparoscopic cholecystectomy advantages are numerous to both the doctors and the patients. Advantages to the surgeons are safety and rapidity of the operation with experienced surgeons. To the patients as regard small sized operative wounds, less pain postoperative, less wound infection and hence rapid discharge from hospital and regain its usual daily activities . [Stanisic V, Bakic M, Maqgelinic M, Kolasinac H. Babic I. [Laparoscopic cholecystectomy of acute cholecystitis]. Med Preql 2010; 63: 404‐8.] Despite the fact that laparoscopic approach had many benefits over open approach, yet many hazards may occur from laparoscopic cholecystectomy starting with viscous injury during induction of pneumoperitoneum and conversion till fatal biliary and vascular injuries during blind and insisted dissection of disturbed anatomy and frozen Calot triangle. these complications may occur with best surgical hands and decreased with increasing learning curve.[ Russel JC, WalshSJ, Mattie AS, Lynch JT. Bile duct injuries.1989‐ 1993: A state wide experience: Connecticut laparoscopic cholecystectomy registry. Arch Surg 1996; 131:382‐8.][ Atmaram DC, Lakshman K. Predictive factors for conversion of laparoscopic cholecystectomy. Indian J Surg 2011; 73: 42‐3] a study put us on the way to avoid bile duct injuries [5]. The incidence of gall bladder disease increase with advancement of age so that 20‐30% of patients undergo laparoscopic cholecystectomy is elderly patients > 60 years with cardiopulmonary risks. and increase to 80 % after 90 years .Elderly patients had cardiopulmonary risks and reduced physiological reserve [Festi D, Dormi A, Capodicasa S, Staniscia T, Attili AF, Loria P, et al: Incidence of gallstone disease in Italy: results from a multicenter, population‐based Italian study (the MICOL project). World J Gastroenterol 2008; 14:5282‐5289.] [Ratner J, Lisbona A, Rosenbloom M, Palayew M, Szabolcsi S, Tupaz T: The prevalence of gallstone disease in very old institutionalized persons. JAMA 1991; 265: 902‐903.]. Other study stated lower incidence of acute cholecystitis in the elderly group of only 6%[ S. W. Lee, S. S. Yang, C. S. Chang, and H. J. Yeh, "Impact of the Tokyo guidelines on the management of patients with acute calculous cholecystitis," Journal of Gastroenterology and Hepatology, vol. 24, no. 12, pp. 1857‐1861, 2009.] Insufflation of CO2 induces both hemodynamic and mechanical effects. Compression of the vascular system decrease cardiac output due to increase peripheral resistance. Abdominal distension hinder movement of diaphragm. [ Enciso NJ (2013) Anestesia en la cirugía laparoscópica abdominal. An Fac med 74(1): 63‐70.]. Head up position during laparoscopic cholecystectomy decrease venous return and release catecholamine in the blood causing increase in peripheral vascular resistance and myocardium exerts more efforts to pump the blood against high peripheral resistance.[13][14] [15] No randomized studies have compared fundus‐Callot laparoscopic cholecystectomy with low pressure pneumoperitoneum with open cholecystectomy in cardiopulmonary risk patients with urgent cholecystectomy. The aim of this study was to evaluate and compare the outcome of urgent LC using either fundus‐Callot approach or open approach in cardiopulmonary risk patients as regard morbidity and mortality. 2. THE AIM OF THE WORK The aim of this study was to evaluate and compare the outcome of urgent laparoscopic cholecystectomy under low pressure Pneumo‐peritoneum using either fundus‐Callot first approach Vs open approach in cardiopulmonary risk patients as regard morbidity and mortality. 3. Patients and methods Study design: Prospective Randomized controlled clinical study. Study place: our study was conducted in the surgical emergency unit of our University Hospitals. Study period: March 2015 to March 2018. Source of data: Patients admitted with clinical diagnosis of acute cholecystitis, biliary colic, mucocele or pyocele of gall bladder in patients with cardiopulmonary diseases. Sample size: A total of 374 patients with a clinical diagnosis of acute cholecystitis, biliary colic, mucocele or pyocele of gall bladder in patients with cardiopulmonary diseases. Sampling method: simple random sample with a balance the data were uploaded into the database using a standard closed‐field electronic form; to guarantee patient anonymity, no information that could permit patient identification was registered in the database. Method of sample size calculation: Sample size calculated to be 187 at each group based on global complications rate difference between open and laparoscopic group from previous paper with 80% power of study and 95% confidence interval Patient selection criteria: A. Inclusion criteria: 1. Age: any age. 2. Sex: Male and Non pregnant female. 3. Patients with cardiopulmonary diseases. 4. Patients who diagnose acute cholecystitis not improving on medical treatment for 48 hours. 5. Patients with biliary colic, mucocele of gall bladder and pyocele of gall bladder. 6. American Society of Anesthesiologist's (ASA) score: grade I, II, III. Exclusion criteria: 1. ASA grade IV 2. Patients refuse surgery. 3. Documented neurological, renal and Liver disease. 4. Previous percutaneous cholecystostomy 5. Cases not tolerated CO2 insufflation from the start. 6. Other associated problems as acute cholangitis, pancreatitis, gastro‐intestinal cancer or bile duct diseases Preoperative work up: All patients included in the study underwent: 1. Full clinical examination: pain in right hypochondrium radiated to right shoulder, local examination revealed tenderness in right hypochondrium or mass and fever. 2. Ultrasonography: thick edematous wall of gall bladder distended gall bladder or stone impacted in gall bladder neck. 3. Blood investigations :leukocytosis 4. Liver Function Tests. 5. Chest x‐ray and pulmonary function test. 6. ECG and Echocardiography. The patients are admitted to the ward where third generation cephalosporin, metronidazole, pethidine, proton pump blockers and intravenous fluid were started. Patients are divided into 2 groups: Group A (n=187): patients underwent laparoscopic cholecystectomy with low pressure pneumoperitoneum and initial fundus first cholecystectomy followed by dissection of Calot triangle (fundus‐Calot dissection) Group B (n=187): patients underwent open cholecystectomy Efforts to decrease bias in the study: 1. For pretrial bias: Good Define objectives. Risk and outcome .Select patients on probability sample with adequate sample size. Define confound factors and avoid it 2. To avoid during trial bias: Standardize reaction and management of patients blindly‐Objective data use rather than subjective‐Good handling of data‐ plan designed for drop out 3. To avoid after trial bias: Suitable statistical analysis used‐Good and carefully interpretation‐Control of confound Methods: Outcome measures: The patients were given general anesthesia. The stomach and the urinary bladder were deflated with naso‐gastric tube and a catheter. The anaesthiologist continuously monitor the vital signs, PO2 and PCO2 of the patients throughout the surgery. Insufflation of the abdomen were done by either Verres needle or open Hasson techniques. Endoscope was introduced through the umbilical incision and the other three trocars were introduced in epigastrium(10 mm), right subcostal(5 mm) and right anterior axillary line at the level of umbilicus(5mm).we started release of the fundus first by incision of the peritoneum on left side of middle of gall bladder, and the dissection continued in the peritoneum around the fundus to the other side in inverted u‐shaped figure. Then the fundus of gall bladder is freed from the liver by coagulation. Then the fundus is grasped to the right shoulder with ease and this help elevation of the neck of gall bladder into view. We then begin to dissect the cystic duct and cystic artery with blunt and sharp dissection till critical view of safety appears. The cystic duct and artery are controlled by clips and divided. Finally the rest of gall bladder adherent to the liver is removed. A drain is put in gall bladder bed. Open cholecystectomy: subcostal Kocher incision. The abdominal layer is entered till opening the peritoneum. By the use of retractors, the neck of gall bladder is exposed and any adhesion from omentum, colon or duodenum is released carefully. Then we dissect on cystic duct and artery carefully and they were controlled by Vicryl 2/0 sutures. Then the gall bladder is freed from its bed. Sometimes, we performed fundus first approach that helped us greatly to expose neck of gall bladder. Aspiration of the gall bladder helped us to grasp the fundus. A drain was put in gall bladder bed. Primary outcomes 1. Mortality (90‐day mortality and mortality at maximal follow‐up). 2. Postoperative complications: early (hemorrhage, bile leak, wound infection) and late complications (biliary stricture) 4. Port site hernia Secondary outcomes 1. Conversion to open cholecystectomy. 2. Total hospital stay. 3. Intra‐operative findings (duration of operation, intra‐operative bleeding and iatrogenic injuries) 4. Return to work.
Risk Factors for Development of Incisional Hernia in Transverse Incisions; RESEARCH PROJECT OBJECTIVES The aim of the presented scientific project is to establish the factors, with special reference to the type of surgical technique, tissue accumulation of advanced glycation end products, and collagen content in transversalis fascia, associated with development of incisional hernia after transverse incision in the epigastric region in patients operated for malignant tumors WORK PLAN This study is planned as a prospective evaluation of factors associated with the development of incisional hernias after transverse incisions in the epigastric region in patients undergoing surgical treatment of malignant tumors of the alimentary system. The main hypothesis of this study, which forms the basis for sample size calculations, is the presence of an association between application of mass continuous abdominal closure and reduction of the risk of incisional hernia from 35% down to 20% as compared to layered continuous suture. Using a threshold for the level of type I error of 0.05 and a threshold for the probability of type II error on the level of 20%, the total number of patients who should be included in the study is 284 (142 patients in either of the 2 arms). However, considering the approximate value of 2‐year patient survival of 20% and a further 10% rate of losses to follow‐up, the study is planned to include a cumulative number of 392 patients (196 in either of the two arms). The primary end‐point of this study is the development of burst abdomen in the immediate postoperative period (until discharge from hospital) or incisional hernia over a 2‐year follow‐up period (combined end‐point). The follow‐up protocol used for the assessment of incisional hernias at discharge from hospital and two control visits at 1 and 2 years postoperatively. Evaluation of the presence of incisional hernia will, in each case, be based upon both clinical and ultrasonographical examination. The primary factor that will be assessed for potential association with the development of incisional hernias is the surgical technique applied for abdominal closure. The technique comprising continuous suture and mass closure (one layer of sutures involving peritoneum, transversalis fascia, posterior and anterior layer of rectus abdominis muscle fascia and potentially, fascia of the oblique abdominal muscles) will be compared to the technique 2 separate layers of continuous sutures involving peritoneum, transversalis fascia, and posterior layer of rectus abdominis muscle fascia (first layer), and anterior layer of rectus abdominis muscle fascia and potentially, with oblique abdominal muscles fascia (second layer), respectively. Patients will be randomly assigned to one of the two arms in a 1:1 ratio basing on drawing a sealed envelope with code specific for the type of intervention. Neither the patients included in the study nor the investigators assessing the presence of incisional hernia during follow‐up visits will be aware of the type of surgical technique used for abdominal closure (double‐blinded study). Only the professionals present in the operating room during surgical procedure, including operator, assistants, anesthesiologist, and nurses, will be aware of the type of assigned intervention. Besides the type of surgical technique and independent of random assignment to one of the two arms of the study, all included patients will be subject to the assessment of accumulation of advanced glycation end products within the skin and collagen in general, type I collagen and type III collagen within the transversalis fascia in order to evaluate potential associations between these factors and occurrence of the primary end‐point. Analyses on the influence of the type of surgical technique used for abdominal closure, accumulation of advanced glycation end products, and collagen content within the transversalis fascia on the risk of incisional hernia formation will be adjusted for the effects of remaining known risk factors, including: age, sex, weight, height, primary disease being an indication for the procedure, history of previous hernia, history of previous abdominal operations, preoperative chemotherapy, cigarette smoking, excessive alcohol intake, presence of liver disease, obesity, arterial hypertension, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, heart failure, anemia, race, width of subcutaneous adipose tissue, particular type and length of the incision, intraoperative transfusions of packed red blood cells, and occurrence of surgical site infection in the postoperative period. Analyses concerning the primary end‐point of the study will be performed 2 years after the date of surgical procedure in the last patient included in the study cohort. Additionally, an early analysis only with respect to the occurrence of burst abdomen is planned to be done 30 days after the date of surgical procedure in the last patient included in the study cohort. Independently of the primary end‐point, separate analyses will be performed to evaluate the impact of the analyzed factors and the occurrence of incisional hernias on the quality of patients' life. RESEARCH METHODOLOGY Recruitment of patients into the planned research project will be performed on the basis of strict inclusion and exclusion criteria. Inclusion criteria will comprise: age over 18 years, scheduled operative treatment due to malignant tumor of the alimentary system (including liver, bile ducts, and pancreas) through transverse incision in the epigastric region, and provision of informed consent to participate in the study. Exclusion criteria will comprise: necessity to perform an urgent operation, a history of previous surgery performed with transverse incision in the epigastric region, and a body mass index >35 kg/m2. Following inclusion of patient in the study, baseline anthropometric measurements will be performed (height, weight, and waist circumference), along with physical examination and collection of patient's medical history. All medical documents and additional laboratory, radiological and any other type of findings will be analyzed and relevant data collected in order to provide information on the previously established risk factors for the development of incisional hernia. All the data will be gathered both as paper documentation and as records in a dedicated electronic database. In the next step, accumulation of advanced glycation end products in the skin of the forearm will be evaluated using an indirect measurement method based on the assessment of skin autofluorescence. This phenomenon is a characteristic finding caused by the presence of several advanced glycation end products and its quantitative assessment within the skin was found to precisely reflect the magnitude of accumulation of advanced glycation and products in general in other tissues, which was previously confirmed by comparing skin autofluorescence findings with the results of tissue biopsies [29]. Due to its non‐invasive character and reliable results, evaluation of advanced glycation end products accumulation using the method of quantitative assessment of skin autofluorescence was utilized in numerous clinical studies worldwide. In the planned research project, quantitative measurement of skin autofluorescence will be performed with a non‐invasive device, which use was previously validated in a clinical setting (AGE‐reader connect, www.diagnoptics.com, DiagnOptics BV, Groningen, The Netherlands). Accordingly, skin autofluorescence will be excited by emission of ultraviolet (UV‐A) light with a wavelength of 375 nm (E=7.81E‐01 Wm2 @ 0.2m). Light emitted in response by the skin will be measured using a system based on photodiodes. Calculation of arbitrary units is performed by a dedicated software of the device. Three separate 12‐second measurements will be performed in each patient on the anterior side of the forearm approximately 10 cm below the elbow fold to decrease the potential risk of measurement error. The final skin autofluorescence value will be the mean score of these 3 separate measurements. Importantly, this parameter will only be assessed in patients with skin phototypes I, II, and III according to the Fitzpatrick classification. Skin autofluorescence will also be assessed during the two postoperative follow‐up visits at 1 and 2 years. In the preoperative period, all the patients will be subject to a baseline quality of life assessment. Therefore, all patients will be asked to fill the polish version of the quality of life questionnaire core 30 (QLQ‐C30) form prepared by the European Organization for Research and Treatment of Cancer (EORTC). The EORTC QLQ‐C30 is a widely used tool for evaluation of the quality of life in patients with malignant tumors, which consists of 30 questions (most current third version) and has already been used in more than 3 thousand clinical studies across the globe (http://groups.eortc.be/qol/eortc‐qlq‐c30). Notably, the version of EORTC QLQ‐C30 questionnaire translated to polish has already been validated in a clinical setting. The questionnaire provides information on a total of 15 health‐related quality of life outcomes including: physical function, role function, cognitive function, emotional function, social function, fatigue, nausea and vomiting, pain, dyspnea, insomnia, appetite loss, constipation, diarrhea, financial impact, and global quality of life. For the purposes of this study, both particular health‐related quality of life outcome measures (with particular reference to physical, emotional, and social functions, pain, financial impact, and global quality of life scales) and a summary score derived from the EORTC QLQ‐C30 questionnaire will be analyzed. Importantly, robustness of the latter was recently proven by replication and validation of higher order models by Giesinger and coworkers. In the postoperative period, assessment of health‐related quality of life will be performed at the time of discharge from the hospital and at two follow‐up visits at 1 and 2 years after the surgical procedure. Patients will be randomly assigned to one of the two techniques of abdominal closure during the operative procedure and after its main part has been completed, just before the beginning of closure of the abdominal cavity. Randomization will be performed in a 1:1 ratio and in blocks of 20 patients. This procedure of random assignment will be done in the operating room by the nurse through drawing of a sealed envelope with a technique‐specific intervention code. Before the beginning of the abdominal closure procedure, a 5 x 5 mm specimen will be procured from the transversalis fascia for further histopathological analyses of the content of collagen in general and specifically, content of type I collagen and type III collagen. Tissue specimens will be fixed in 4% buffered solution of formalin. Subsequently, they will be rinsed in water and automatically processed through 70%, 96% and absolute ethanol solutions, alcohol and xylene solutions, and a series of xylenes. Afterwards, specimens will be embedded in paraffin in a temperature of 60 degrees Celsius to form tissue blocks. The latter will be cut into 3‐4 micrometer thick sections using microtome device. Sections will be transferred to microscope slides. First, hematoxylin and eosin staining will be performed and slides will be evaluated for the adequacy of procured tissue sample. For the assessment of overall collagen content, Picrosirius Red staining will be performed and slides will be observed in a microscope coupled with a video camera. Initial evaluation of type I collagen and type III collagen will be assessed by observation of microscopic slides under polarized light. According to the method proposed by Casanova and coworkers, overall collagen content in the obtained specimen will be analyzed by counting the ratio of refringent (collagen‐positive) to non‐refringent (collagen‐negative) areas in 5 randomly selected visual fields observed at 100 magnification. In order to initially establish the content of type I and type III collagen, additional 5 randomly selected visual fields will be assessed at 400 magnification with evaluation of the refringent areas tending to look green, which is characteristic for type III collagen, and those tending to look orange, which is characteristic for type I collagen. In all cases, the final results will be derived from the average of the results from 5 inspected visual fields. Electronic images will be taken and analyzed in a computer image‐processing software. A ratio of type I to type III collagen will be calculated. In order to perform conventional immunohistochemical stainings, specimens will be deparaffinised using xylene, a series of ethanol solutions with decreasing concentrations, and water. The process of antigen retrieval will be performed in a TRIS/EDTA buffer with a pH of 9. Endogenous peroxidase will be blocked with a 3% hydrogen peroxide solution. Protein Block Serum‐Free and 2.5% solution of donkey serum will be applied to block non‐specific sites of antigen binding. Detection of type I and type III collagen will be performed by using specific anti‐collagen I and anti‐collagen III primary antibodies, respectively, in an amount of 200 µL per microscopic slide. In the next step, secondary antibodies combined with peroxidase particles will be used. (3‐3')diaminobenzidine (1 mL of buffer with 1 drop of substrate) will be used as chromogen, causing brown staining of immune‐positive structures. Basophilic structures will be illustrated with hematoxylin contrast staining. Specimens will then be dehydrated with a series of increasing concentration (70%, 96%, and 99.8%) ethanol solutions, acetone, and xylene. Following these procedures, specimens will be closed in an automated fashion. Additionally, double immunofluorescence method will be utilized using secondary antibodies combined with fluorochromes, Vectashield medium, and observation in confocal and fluorescence microscopes. Closure of the abdominal cavity will be performed with one of the two analyzed surgical techniques, basing on the results of random assignment. Independent of the type of surgical technique, abdominal closure will be done with polydioxanone material (synthetic, monofilament, and slowly absorbable) in the loop form, size 0 according to United States Pharmacopeia, and 36 mm needle. This material is characterized by effective tissue retention period of 90 days and complete absorption period in the range between 182 to 238 days. In both techniques, the intersuture spaces and tissue bites will be of 5 mm, which defines the small bites method. In case of assignment to mass closure technique, abdominal cavity will be closed by a single layer of 2 continuous sutures beginning on the opposite ends of the wound towards the median line and involving peritoneum, transversalis fascia, posterior and anterior layer of rectus abdominis muscle fascia and, in case of incisions beyond the lateral border of rectus abdominis muscle, also the oblique abdominal muscles fascia. In case of assignment to layered closure technique, abdominal cavity will be closed with two separate layers of continuous sutures. The first layer will include peritoneum, transversalis fascia and posterior layer of the rectus abdominis muscle fascia closed with 2 continuous sutures beginning at both ends of the wound and processed medially. In case of incisions not exceeding the lateral border of rectus abdominis muscle, the second layer of 2 continuous sutures will involve only the anterior layer of the rectus abdominis muscle fascia beginning on the lateral ends and processed medially. In case of incisions exceeding the lateral border of rectus abdominis muscle, the second layer of the continuous suture will start at the lateral border of rectus abdominis muscle, process laterally to the lateral end of the wound involving internal oblique abdominal muscle fascia. Subsequently, the suture will be led out on the anterior surface of the external oblique abdominal muscle, put through by the created loop in the medial direction and processed medially to close the external oblique abdominal muscle fascia and anterior layer of the rectus abdominis muscle fascia. Regardless of the applied surgical technique, continuous sutures processing medially will be terminated provided that there is a minimum of 2 cm long segment of overlapping sutures from both sides. Moreover, attention will be given to close only the aponeuroses and to avoid the presence of any muscle or adipose tissue within the sutures. The skin will be closed either with interrupted non‐absorbable sutures or with a stapler. Several parameters will be measured and evaluated intraoperatively. First, the depth of subcutaneous adipose tissue will be measured in centimeters at three sites: median line and bilaterally, in the middle between the median line and lateral end of the wound. Time will be measured from the beginning of abdominal closure to the end of aponeurosis closure. Wound length will be measured in a standard fashion in centimeters. The length of suture used for abdominal closure will be assessed by subtracting the length of the sutures remaining after abdominal closure form the cumulative original length of the sutures. The suture length to wound length ratio will be calculated. Finally, the quality of the abdominal wall with respect to potential risk of burst abdomen and incisional hernia will subjectively be assessed by the operating surgeon in a semiquantitative fashion using the following scale: 1 ‐ poor quality, high risk; 2 ‐ moderate quality, average risk; 3 ‐ good quality, low risk. Inclusion of this variable in risk factor analyses may provide some insight into the reliability of subjective assessment of burst abdomen and incisional hernia by the operating surgeon. In the immediate postoperative period (until discharge of patient from the hospital) patients will be observed for the development of surgical site infections, defined and classified according to the CDC (Centers for Disease Control) recommendations. More specifically, surgical site infections will be divided into superficial incisional, deep incisional, and organ/space infections. Additionally, each operative procedure will be classified as clean, clean‐contaminated, contaminated, and dirty or infected based on the type of operation and intraoperative findings. Data on the duration of postoperative hospitalization (in days) will be collected. All complications of grade III or higher according to Clavien‐Dindo classification will be reported in detail. In case of reoperation due to a reason other than occurrence of burst abdomen in the immediate postoperative period, observations for the occurrence of burst abdomen and incisional hernia will be censored. All patients included in the study will be invited for two follow‐up visits at 1 and 2 years (+/‐ 3 months) following the operative procedure, primarily to evaluate the presence of incisional hernia. During the follow‐up visits, a detailed postoperative patient history will be taken, physical examination will be performed, and ultrasonographic examination of the postoperative scar will be done. Regardless of these, images from computed tomography and/or magnetic resonance imaging performed in the course of oncological follow‐up protocols (the only additional imaging examination planned as part of this research project is the ultrasonographical examination) will be assessed for the presence of incisional hernia. Data on potential diagnoses and treatment of incisional hernias prior to the follow‐up visit in other centers, if such situation occurs, will be collected and analyzed. During each of the follow‐up visits, patients will be asked to fill the EORTC QLQ‐C30 questionnaires and will undergo skin autofluorescence measurement, as previously described. Obtained data will be analyzed statistically. Quantitative and qualitative data will be presented as medians with interquartile ranges and numbers with frequencies, respectively. Chi‐square test and Fisher's exact test will be used for intergroup comparisons of qualitative variables. Mann‐Whitney U test will be applied for intergroup comparisons of quantitative variables. Baseline analysis of the association between the type of surgical technique used for abdominal closure and the occurrence of primary end‐point of this study will be performed by comparison of the probability curves for the presence of burst abdomen and incisional hernia over time up to two years with the log‐rank test. Analyses of the associations between the remaining factors included in this study and the occurrence of the primary end‐point, as well as multivariable analyses will be performed using Cox proportional hazards regression models. Establishment of the optimal cut‐offs for quantitative variables for prediction of the development of incisional hernias will be based upon analysis of the receiver operating characteristics curves and Youden index. Initial analysis focused on the risk factors for burst abdomen will be done with Fisher's exact test (surgical technique) and logistic regression models (remaining factors and multivariable analysis). The level of significance was set to 0.05 (two‐sided p value). Statistical analyses are planned to be computed in STATISTICA (Dell Inc.) and SAS (SAS Institute) software.
