Metabolic features and changes in glucose-induced serum glucagon-like peptide-1 levels in children with hypothalamic obesity; Hypothalamic damage may alter glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) secretion and be involved in the pathogenesis of obesity. We aim to evaluate the metabolic features and the dynamic changes of GLP-1 levels during an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) in children with hypothalamic obesity (HO) compared with simple obesity controls. Subjects included eight patients (six females, aged 9-16 years) with hypothalamo-pituitary tumors who later developed obesity and eight controls with simple obesity matched for age, body mass index (BMI), gender and puberty. We assessed the metabolic syndrome features, fat mass, severity of hyperphagia using a standardized questionnaire, and measured glucose, insulin and GLP-1 levels during a standard 75 g OGTT. Age, gender distribution, pubertal status and BMI-Z scores were not significantly different. Subjects with HO had higher fasting triglycerides (TG) than controls (128 vs. 94 mg/dL; p=0.05). Four HO subjects and three controls met the criteria for the metabolic syndrome. Fasting and 120 min post-glucose load GLP-1 levels were significantly higher in HO patients than in controls (21.9 vs. 19.7 pg/mL; p=0.025, 22.1 vs. 17.7 pg/mL; p=0.012). Patients with HO had significantly higher hyperphagia scores than in simple obese controls (13 vs. 2.5; p=0.012). Patients with HO appear to have more metabolic complications and hyperphagia than controls with simple obesity. Impaired satiety may play an important role in HO. Fasting and glucose-induced serum GLP-1 concentrations seem to be altered in HO patients and could be a part of the pathogenesis of HO. ER  - 
Effect of prednisolone on linear growth in children with nephrotic syndrome; Objective: This study aims at determining the relationship between prednisolone cumulative dose and linear growth in pre-pubertal children with idiopathic nephrotic syndrome. Method: This cross-sectional study was conducted on all children with idiopathic nephrotic syndrome registered to the pediatric nephrology department at the main referral children's hospital in Southwestern Iran. Inclusion criteria included age (males <12 years; females <10 years), >6 months of use, and the minimum prednisolone cumulative dose of 152 mg/kg. The exclusion criteria were individuals who had entered puberty or had other diseases affecting linear growth. Based on the prednisolone cumulative dose of ≥550 mg/kg (four or more relapses), the children were divided into two groups. All data regarding age, height, and weight at disease onset and the last visit, bone age, and the parents’ height were collected. Secondary variables including mid-parental target height and predicted adult height were also calculated. Height data were compared between the different rates of relapse. Results: A total of 97 children (68% male) were enrolled. Their post-treatment mean height Z-score was less than that obtained before treatment (−0.584 vs. −0.158; p = 0.001). Subjects with higher prednisolone cumulative doses were found to have more reduction in height Z-score (p = 0.001). Post-treatment height prediction also showed less growth potential compared to pre-treatment target height (p = 0.006). Thirty-three children (34.4%) had four or more relapses, among whom more mean-height Z-score decreases were found compared to those with less-frequent relapses (−0.84 vs. −0.28; p = 0.04). Conclusion: This study showed the negative effect of cumulative dosages of prednisolone on linear growth, which was greater in children with four or more relapses. ER  - 
Possible association between circulating CTRP3 and knee osteoarthritis in postmenopausal women; Background: Osteoarthritis (OA) is considered as one of the most common cause of chronic pain and functional disabilities in the elderly. Aim: To examine serum levels of complement-C1q TNF-related protein 3 (CTRP3) in postmenopausal women with knee OA. Methods: A population-based cross-sectional study was performed in women who complained of chronic knee pain. All subjects were followed by clinical and weight-bearing bilateral anteroposterior radiographical examinations. The Kellgren and Lawrence (K&L) score was used for knee OA classification. Two groups of postmenopausal women were chosen to investigate CTRP3 as an OA marker who had the K&L score ≥ 3 as a case group and K&L ≤ 1 as a control group. Serum levels of CTRP3 were measured in two groups. Results: According to K&L classification, 36 subjects with knee OA and 54 age-matched without or mild OA were selected. After adjusting the obtained data for taking NSAID drugs, the concentration of Ln CTRP3 in serum of patients with OA was lower compared to control group [mean ± SE, (0.39 ± 0.05 ng/ml vs. 0.48 ± 0.03 ng/ml, respectively, p = 0.04)]. Discussion: There is a possible role for CTRP3 as an anti-inflammatory mediator in knee OA in postmenopausal women. Conclusions: Our results indicate an association between CTRP3 and knee OA. However, a much more robust study is required to draw that circulating CTRP3 could be a clinical marker for osteoarthritis. ER  - 
Bone mass development is sensitive to insulin resistance in adolescent boys; Purpose: Insulin resistance may exert a negative influence on bone mass in childhood and adolescence. The objective was to assess the association between insulin resistance and total body less head (TBLH) bone mineral content (BMC) and to investigate whether body composition, physical activity or osteocalcin levels may influence this association. Methods: A longitudinal study with follow-up over more than 6 years was performed and included 562 apparently healthy participants with a mean age of 9.6 years at baseline. Participants underwent DXA scanning at baseline. At the two follow-ups, participants had performed another DXA scanning, had blood samples taken for fasting insulin, glucose and osteocalcin and had physical activity measured with an accelerometer. HOMA-IR was calculated as an index of insulin resistance. Results: HOMA-IR was negatively associated with TBLH BMC in boys at follow-ups (β = −31.4, p < 0.001) after adjustment for maturity, height, bone area, and baseline level of TBLH BMC. The negative association remained almost unchanged after further adjustments for body composition and physical activity. No association between HOMA-IR and TBLH BMC was found in girls. Conclusion: Insulin resistance may be detrimental for bone development through puberty in boys independent of body composition and the level of physical activity. ER  - 
Postmenopausal osteoporotic fracture-associated COLIA1 variant impacts bone accretion in girls; Over the past two decades, a low frequency variant (rs1800012) within the first intron of the type I collagen alpha 1 (COLIA1) gene has been implicated in lower areal BMD (aBMD) and increased risk of osteoporotic fracture. This association is particularly strong in postmenopausal women, in whom net bone loss arises in the context of high bone turnover. High bone turnover also accompanies childhood linear growth; however, the role of rs1800012 in this stage of net bone accretion is less well understood. Thus, we assessed the association between rs1800012 and aBMD and bone mineral content (BMC) Z-scores for the 1/3 distal radius, lumbar spine, total hip, and femoral neck total body less head in the Bone Mineral Density in Childhood Study, a mixed-longitudinal cohort of children and adolescents (total n = 804 girls and 771 boys; n = 19 girls and 22 boys with the TT genotype). Mixed effects modeling, stratified by sex, was used to test for associations between rs1800012 and aBMD or BMC Z-scores and for pubertal stage interactions. Separately, SITAR growth modeling of aBMD and BMC in subjects with longitudinal data reduced the complex longitudinal bone accrual curves into three parameters representing a-size, b-timing, and c-velocity. We tested for differences in these three parameters by rs1800012 genotype using t-tests. Girls with the TT genotype had significantly lower aBMD and BMC Z-scores prior to puberty completion (e.g. spine aBMD-Z P-interaction = 1.0 × 10−6), but this association was attenuated post-puberty. SITAR models revealed that TT girls began pubertal bone accrual later (b-timing; e.g. total hip BMC, P = 0.03). BMC and aBMD Z-scores also increased across puberty in TT homozygous boys. Our data, along with previous findings in post-menopausal women, suggest that rs1800012 principally affects female bone density during periods of high turnover. Insights into the genetics of bone gain and loss may be masked during the relatively quiescent state in mid-adulthood, and discovery efforts should focus on early and late life. ER  - 
Sclerostin and its association with insulin resistance in children and adolescents; Introduction: Recent studies have shown that sclerostin, which is mainly known as a negative regulator of bone formation, could play an important role in the crosstalk between bone and glucose metabolism. The aim of this study was to investigate the relationship between sclerostin, other bone and fat related factors as osteocalcin (OC), Receptor Activator of Nuclear Factor NF-B ligand (RANKL), leptin and adiponectin with glucose metabolism and insulin action in children and adolescents with obesity compared with healthy children and adolescents. Methods: Fifty-five obese children and adolescents, a mean age of 13.2 ± 3.4 yrs., BMI 28.89 ± 5.5 kg/m2, and 26 healthy controls (mean age 13.0 ± 4.3 yrs., BMI 19.96 ± 3.1 kg/m2), sex-, and Tanner stage-matched were included into the study. Fasting blood samples for measurement of sclerostin, glucose, lipid profile, HbA1c, C-peptide, OC, RANKL, leptin and adiponectin, and vitamin D were taken at 8.00 AM. Results: Sclerostin, osteocalcin, RANKL, and adiponectin levels did not differ between obese patients and the control group. Leptin and fasting insulin levels were significantly higher in obese subjects compared with controls (p < 0.01, p = 0.01, respectively). A positive correlation between sclerostin and OC (r = 0.417, p = 0.027) and negative correlations between sclerostin and HOMA-IR and between sclerostin and age (r = −0.24, p = 0.045, r = −0.23, p = 0.037, respectively) were found in all of the subjects. Sclerostin did not correlate with HbA1c, lipids, RANKL and fat-derived leptin and adiponectin. Partial correlation analysis adjusted for age, SDS-BMI and Tanner staging only revealed a negative correlation between sclerostin and HOMA-IR (r = −0.3, p = 0.01). In obese patients this correlation was stronger than in the whole group (r = −0.39, p = 0.005). Moreover, a negative correlation between sclerostin and insulin was found in obese patients (r = −0.39, p = 0.006). In the healthy cohort, sclerostin had a negative correlation only with C-peptide (r = −0.79, p = 0.02). Conclusions: Sclerostin could play an important role in the regulation of glucose metabolism in children and adolescents, regardless of other fat and bone-derived factors. In obese young patients it's action could be associated with decreasing insulin resistance. ER  - 
Exposure to Diabetes in Utero Is Associated with Earlier Pubertal Timing and Faster Pubertal Growth in the Offspring: The EPOCH Study; Objective: To examine the associations of in utero exposure to maternal diabetes with surrogate measures of offspring pubertal timing (age at peak height velocity [APHV]) and speed of pubertal growth (peak height velocity [PHV]). Study design: Data from 77 exposed and 340 unexposed youth followed from age 2 to 19 years (51% non-Hispanic white, 50% female) were analyzed using the Exploring Perinatal Outcomes among Children study, a historical prospective cohort. Maternal diabetes status was collected from obstetric records, and child heights from 2 years to current age from pediatric records. Other covariates were collected during research visits. The superimposition by translation and rotation method, using height measurements (4-52 per participant), modeled APHV and PHV. Accelerated failure time analyses were used to test whether exposure to maternal diabetes was associated with younger APHV and faster PHV. Results: Adjusting for child's sex, race/ethnicity, and socioeconomic status, median APHV was reached ~3 months earlier in youth exposed to maternal diabetes compared with unexposed youth (P <.03). Youth exposed to maternal diabetes had a faster PHV than unexposed youth: exposed girls had 10.5% greater median PHV compared with unexposed girls and exposed boys had a 4.0% greater median PHV compared with unexposed boys (P <.001 for exposure by sex interaction). Conclusions: Our findings provide evidence that exposure to maternal diabetes in utero is associated with earlier pubertal timing and faster pubertal growth. Whether earlier puberty or faster speed of pubertal growth mediates the association between maternal diabetes exposure and later chronic disease risk remains to be studied. ER  - 
Late Effects Following Hematopoietic Stem Cell Transplant with Busulfan-Based Preparative Regimen in Fanconi Anemia; Introduction: Outcomes of hematopoietic stem cell transplant (HSCT) in Fanconi Anemia (FA) have markedly improved with use of low dose cyclophosphamide and fludarabine and the advent of T-cell depleted donor grafts. Most recently, use of busulfan with radiation-free conditioning has demonstrated excellent results. While long-term survival has improved, little is known regarding late effects in individuals with FA transplanted using a busulfan containing regimen. Methods: We retrospectively collected clinical data on 47 subjects with FA who underwent HSCT at our center between June 2009 and June 2017 using a busulfan, cyclophosphamide, fludarabine and rabbit anti-thymocyte globulin regimen with T-cell depleted graft (Figure 1). Forty-five subjects who survived ≥1 year post-HSCT were included in the analysis. Results: Our cohort has 25 females and 20 males with median age at HSCT of 7 years (range, 4-18). Indication for transplant was severe aplastic anemia in 80% (n=36), and myelodysplastic syndrome in 20% (n=9). Median follow-up was 4 years (range, 1- 8). One subject died 2.5 years after transplant of liver disease, the remainder are surviving. There was no late graft failure. One subject developed EBV-associated PTLD 2.5 months post-HSCT, successfully managed with anti-viral T-cells. There were no other secondary malignancies. Two subjects were diagnosed with chronic GVHD (GI, lung), one at 2 years and one at 7 months post-HSCT, respectively, with 93% of patients (n=42) free of GVHD. Endocrine abnormalities were frequent, with 52% of subjects diagnosed as hypothyroid. One subject developed insulin dependence during transplant and continues on this therapy 8 years later. Bone density was normal in 87% (n=33/38) with median adjusted Z score of 0.55. Gonadal function was normal in 60% of females, with 33% and 7% with POI and partial hypogonadism respectively (n=15, median age 11.6 years). Gonadal function was normal in 86% of males with 7% and 7% with hypergonadotropism and precocious puberty respectively (n=14, median age 12 years). Hypertension was seen in 9% (n=4/44). Pulmonary complications included 2 patients with a restrictive defect noted on pulmonary function testing (PFT). Cardiac function was normal in 96% with 2 individuals demonstrating mild left ventricular dysfunction, one of whom has increased cardiac iron. Depression, anxiety and chronic headaches were noted in 3, 3, and 2 subjects respectively. Conclusions: Our cohort received a busulfan-based preparative regimen, evaluated at 1 to 8 years post-transplant, and demonstrates low rates of graft rejection, post-transplant malignancy and GVHD. While endocrine abnormalities remain common, pulmonary and cardiac complications were rare. Ongoing longitudinal analysis beyond the 10 year mark will be important to further characterize this cohort and the success of recent alterations to their preparative regimen. ER  - 
Causes, patterns and severity of androgen excess in 487 consecutively recruited pre- and post-pubertal children; Objective: Androgen excess in childhood is a common presentation and may signify sinister underlying pathology. Data describing its patterns and severity are scarce, limiting the information available for clinical decision processes. Here, we examined the differential diagnostic value of serum DHEAS, an drostenedione (A4) and testosterone in childhood androgen excess. Design: Retrospective review of all children undergoing serum androgen measurement at a single center over 5 years. Methods: Serum A4 and testosterone were measured by tandem mass spectrometry and DHEAS by immunoassay. Patients with at least one increased androgen underwent phenotyping by clinical notes review. Results: In 487 children with simultaneous DHEAS, A4 and testosterone m easurements, we identified 199 with androgen excess (140 pre- and 59 post-pubertal). Premature adre narche (PA) was the most common pre-pubertal diagnosis (61%), characterized by DHEAS excess in 85%, while A4 and testosterone were only increased in 26 and 9% respectively. PCOS was diagnosed in 40% of post-pubertal subjec ts, presenting equally frequent with isolated excess of DHEAS (29%) or testosterone (25%) or increases in both A4 and t estosterone (25%). CAH patients (6%) predominantly had A4 excess (86%); testosterone and DHEAS were increased in 5 0 and 33% respectively. Concentrations increased above the two-fold upper limit of normal were mostly observed i n PA for serum DHEAS (>20-fold in the single case of adrenocortical carcinoma) and in CAH for serum androstenedione. Conclusions: Patterns and severity of childhood androgen excess provide pointers to the underlying diagnosis and can be used to guide further investigations. ER  - 
Early age at menarche is associated with insulin resistance: a systemic review and meta-analysis; Objectives: We aimed to conduct a systemic review and meta-analysis of the relevant studies to further investigate the association between age at menarche and insulin resistance. Methods: PubMed, EMBASE, and Web of Science (SCI) databases were systemically searched until December 2017. Observational studies comparing the incidences of insulin resistance in patients with early, average, and late menarchal ages were identified. Weighted mean difference (WMD) for HOMA-IR scores and fasting serum insulin levels in early vs late, early vs average. and average vs late comparisons were calculated with a random- or fixed-effects model. Results: A total of eight articles involving 5504 subjects were finally included. In the analysis of HOMA-IR, the pooled WMDs in five studies were 0.45 (95% confidence interval [CI] 0.31–0.60, p < 0.001), 0.40 (95% CI 0.28–0.52, p < 0.001), and −0.01 (95% CI −0.09 to 0.07, p = 0.854) for early vs late, early vs average, and average vs late comparisons, respectively. The fasting serum insulin levels in eight studies were analyzed, and it was significantly higher in subjects with earlier age at menarche (WMD 1.28, 95% CI 0.92–1.63, p < 0.001 for early vs late comparison, WMD 1.28, 95% CI 1.13–1.43, p < 0.001 for early vs average comparison) with mild and acceptable heterogeneity (I2 = 42.5% and 7.4%, respectively). Publication bias was not detected via funnel plots and Egger’s tests. Conclusions: Our study revealed that earlier age at menarche was significantly associated with insulin resistance. Trial Registration Number: CRD42018083874. ER  - 
Characteristics of Adolescents With PCOS As Diagnosed By The Rotterdam Criteria; Purpose: Polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) is challenging to diagnose during adolescence. Diagnostic criteria for adults are difficult to apply to adolescents in part because ultrasound criteria are based on adult data. This retrospective study aimed to assess and compare clinical, metabolic, and hormonal characteristics of adolescents diagnosed with PCOS who required ultrasound for diagnosis according to Rotterdam criteria to those of adolescents who did not. Methods: Two hundred forty-two females presenting to an outpatient adolescent medicine practice with complaints of irregular menses, hirsutism, or hyperandrogenism from June 2012-June 2016 were evaluated as a part of a quality improvement project. Inclusion criteria for the current study included age 13-25 years, physician diagnosis of PCOS, and availability of at least one laboratory result (n=176). Patients were divided into 3 groups: those diagnosed by clinical or biochemical hyperandrogenism and irregular menstruation (HA/IM, n=148); by hyperandrogenism and polycystic ovary morphology (PCOM) on ultrasound (HA/PCOM, n=10); or by irregular menstruation and PCOM (IM/PCOM, n=18). Data included clinical characteristics (age at evaluation, age at menarche, body mass index (BMI), blood pressure, acne score (range: 0-5), Ferriman-Gallwey (FG) score (range: 0-36), and hormonal measures (FSH, LH, prolactin, TSH, total testosterone, free testosterone, DHEAS, 17-hydroxyprogesterone). Metabolic measures obtained included non-fasting total cholesterol and HDL for those classified as low-risk and HbA1c with fasting total cholesterol, HDL, LDL, triglycerides, insulin, and glucose for those classified as high-risk (BMI > 30 kg/m2 and/or personal/family history of diabetes). Given the non-normal distribution of most measures, statistical comparisons between groups were performed using the non-parametric Wilcoxon rank sum test, with significance adjusted for multiple comparisons at p=0.017. Results: Median age at evaluation was 16.0 years [inter-quartile range (IQR) = 2 years]. Median age at menarche was 12 years (IQR = 2 years). Median BMI for the entire cohort was 28.9 kg/m2; BMI was not significantly different between groups (HA/IM=29.3 kg/m2, HA/PCOM=25 kg/m2, and IM/PCOM=24 kg/m2). Significant differences were found between groups HA/IM and IM/PCOM for median acne scores (2 vs 1, p<0.01), FG scores (6 vs 3, p=0.01), median total testosterone (43 ng/dL vs 30 ng/dL, p<0.01) and free testosterone (7.9 pg/mL vs 5.2 pg/mL, p<0.01). There was a significant difference in median HbA1c for group HA/IM versus IM/PCOM (5.3% vs 5.1%, p=0.01) and a marginally significant difference in median HbA1c for group HA/PCOM versus HA/IM (5.9% vs 5.3%; p=0.04). Conclusions: The majority of adolescents (84%) evaluated did not require ultrasound for diagnosis of PCOS as they had already met 2 of the 3 Rotterdam criteria. Limited differences were found between diagnostic groups. Acne scores, FG scores, and testosterone concentrations were elevated in those with HA as expected. Additionally, those with HA had significantly higher HbA1c and trended towards greater BMIs, suggesting elevated cardiovascular risk in adolescents with HA. Further longitudinal studies looking into future cardiovascular health by PCOS diagnosis type in adolescence should be considered. Sources of Support: Maternal and Child Health Bureau, Health Resources and Services Administration, Leadership Education in Adolescent Health Training Grant T71MC00009. ER  - 
Brown adipose tissue in prepubertal children: associations with sex, birthweight, and metabolic profile; Background/Objectives: Individuals born small-for-gestational age (SGA), especially those who experience postnatal catch-up growth, are at increased risk for developing endocrine-metabolic abnormalities before puberty. In adults, brown adipose tissue (BAT) has been associated with protection against metabolic disorders, such as obesity, type 2 diabetes, and dyslipidaemia. Here, we assessed for the first time whether BAT activation differs between prepubertal children born SGA or appropriate-for-gestational age (AGA). Subjects/methods: The study population consisted of 86 prepubertal children [41 AGA and 45 SGA; age (mean ± SEM), 8.5 ± 0.1 years], recruited into two prospective longitudinal studies assessing endocrine-metabolic status and body composition in infancy and childhood. The temperature at the supraclavicular region (SCR) before and after a cold stimulus was measured by infrared thermal imaging, and the area of thermally active SCR (increase after cold challenge, ΔAreaSCR) was calculated as a surrogate index of BAT activation. The results were correlated with clinical, endocrine-metabolic, and inflammation variables, and with visceral and hepatic adiposity (assessed by Magnetic Resonance Imaging). Results: No differences in BAT activation index, as judged by ΔAreaSCR, were found between AGA and SGA children. However, girls showed higher baseline and post-cold induction AreaSCR than boys (both p ≤ 0.01). An interaction between gender and birth weight subgroup was observed for BAT activation; AGA girls increased significantly the ΔAreaSCR as compared to AGA boys; this increase did not occur in SGA girls vs SGA boys. Cold-induced ΔAreaSCR negatively correlated with HOMA-IR, us-CRP, liver volume, and liver fat. Conclusions: Prepubertal AGA girls had significantly greater BAT activation index as compared to AGA boys; this difference was not observed in SGA subjects. Higher BAT activation associated with a lower amount of visceral fat and with a favorable metabolic profile. Long-term follow-up is needed to determine whether those differences relate to pubertal timing, and to the development of obesity and metabolic disorders. ER  - 
Hidradenitis suppurativa in the pediatric population: Own experience; Hidradenitis suppurativa (HS) is a chronic and devastating inflammatory disease. Diagnosis of HS is based on clinical features, the disease is more common in women, the first skin lesions usually appear after puberty. The existing literature data concerning children with HS are scarce, therefore the aim of this study was to analyze demographical and clinical data of our pediatric patients suffering from HS. A retrospective analysis of data collected from pediatric patients treated in our center was conducted. Case series of 10 subjects were analyzed in terms of clinical data, diagnosis and treatment. The evaluated group consisted of 4 girls and 6 boys aged 13-17 years old (mean 14.5 ± 3.4 years). The severity of disease assessed with Hurley stage I was diagnosed in 2 children, Hurley stage II in 7 subjects and Hurley stage III in 1 patient. Family history of HS in the past, as well as pilonidal cyst were reported in one pediatric patient with HS. In addition, there were no cases of acne conglobate, dissecting cellulitis, inflammatory bowel disease or type 1 diabetes mellitus, both among subjects and their relatives. Four of the subjects (40%) were active smokers and four of the subjects' mothers (40%) smoked cigarettes during pregnancy. The mean Body Mass Index (BMI) of the patients was in the 96 percentile what represents obesity. 90% of skin changes in children were located both in the axilla and groin area. All of the patients received systemic antibiotic treatment, half of them have not achieved marked clinical improvement. HS is still a major therapeutic challenge, due to poor response to the recommended oral treatment. Exposure to tobacco and obesity are possible HS risk factors in this group of patients as majority of them were overweighted and some of them were smokers. Although none of the patients developed metabolic syndrome, it might appear further in time due to its strong association with HS among adults. The role of education of young patients is crucial, since reduction of body weight and smoking cessation may support oral pharmacological treatment. ER  - 
The correlation between serum adipokines levels and metabolic indicators in girls with Turner syndrome; Objective: The following study investigated the serum adiponectin, chemerin and vaspin levels and their relationship with body mass index (BMI), glucose and lipid metabolism in girls with Turner Syndrome (TS). Methods: A total of 64 girls with TS (mean age, 12.22 ± 3.98 years; mean BMI, 18.90 ± 3.45 kg/m2) were ascertained by chromosome analysis. Height, weight, waist circumference, hip circumference and blood pressure were measured, as well as the levels of fasting plasma glucose (FPG), fasting plasma insulin, total cholesterol (TC), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), and triglyceride (TG). The BMI, BMI standard deviation score (SDS), waist to hip ratio, waist to height ratio and insulin resistance index (HOMA-IR) were calculated. The TS group and the control group were subdivided into non-puberty or puberty subgroup. Results: The TS group had higher waist to hip ratio and waist to height ratio compared to the control group. There was no significant difference in FPG, fasting plasma insulin, HOMA-IR, blood lipid and blood pressure between the two groups. Significantly higher serum levels of adioponectin (12.51 ± 4.58 μg/ml) and chemerin (173.71 ± 37.88 ng/ml) and significantly lower levels of vaspin (0.67 ± 0.47 ng/ml) were found in the TS group compared to the control group (9.30 ± 3.17 μg/ml, 159.43 ± 23.19 ng/ml and 1.06 ± 0.49 ng/ml, respectively) (all P < 0.05). In the TS group, adiponectin levels were negatively correlated with age, BMI and TG (r = −0.251, −0.247, −0.294, P < 0.05 for all). In the control group, adiponectin levels were negatively correlated with BMI and BMI SDS (r = −0.416 and −0.315, P < 0.05 for both), while vaspin levels were positively correlated with age, fasting plasma insulin and HOMA-IR (r = 0.257, 0.273 and 0.282, P < 0.05 for all). In addition, significantly higher levels of adiponectin were found in the non-puberty subgroup (13.88 ± 4.49) μg/ml compared to puberty subgroup (9.72 ± 3.39) μg/ml (P < 0.05), while no significant differences in chemerin and vaspin were found between the two TS subgroups. Conclusions: Elevated adiponectin and chemerin levels and significantly reduced vaspin were found in girls with TS. Puberty or estrogen replacement therapy may reduce adiponectin in girls with TS. ER  - 
Increased insulin requirement may contribute to risk of obesity in children and young people with Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus; Introduction: Type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) is an autoimmune disorder that interferes with the function of the beta cells in the pancreas. Reports show that the incidence of T1DM is increasing throughout England and Wales, along with the Body Mass Index (BMI) of this patient group. The association between type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and obesity is recognised, but literature describing the association between T1DM and high BMI is more limited. The aim of this paper is to identify factors affecting BMI and the impact that this increasing trend has on children and young people with T1DM. Methods: Information was obtained from the medical records of patients with T1DM at the local paediatric centre. BMI standard deviation scores (SDS) were calculated and compared to other factors, which include insulin requirement, HbA1c, pubertal status and age at diagnosis. Results: This study involved 102 patients (43 male and 59 female). The mean age at diagnosis was 7.79 years (range from 0.16 to 16.91 years). Our results showed a significant association between insulin requirement and BMI SDS (r = 0.23, p = 0.02) and a significant association between insulin requirement and mean HbA1c (r = 0.59, p=<0.01). A multivariable regression analysis of factors affecting BMI SDS showed that insulin requirement was an independent factor affecting BMI SDS. Conclusion: There were significant associations between increased insulin requirement, high BMI SDS and poorer glycaemic control. Further research is required to fully understand the risk factors that may contribute to obesity in T1DM. ER  - 
Adiposity markers and its association with age at menarche: A comparative study among rural and urban Meitei females of Manipur, North-East India; Background: Menarche is a critical biomarker in the reproductive life of females. Early age at menarche may represent an indicator of adult adiposity. The study examines the association of various adiposity markers with age at menarche in rural and urban Meitei females of Manipur, India. Methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted among rural and urban Meitei females of Manipur of age 18–45 years. Detailed information of the participants was taken with the help of proforma. Various anthropometric and physiological measurements were also recorded. Results: Mean age at menarche was 12.5 years for urban females and 13.1 years for rural females. Females of urban and rural areas under overweight category of BMI had higher odds of attaining early menarche. Odds of having early menarche were found to be highest among those with risk category of waist hip ratio, waist height ratio and waist circumference in both rural and urban females. Conclusion: Females with higher body mass index, high waist-to-hip ratio and waist height ratio were found to be at risk of early menarche. ER  - 
A multicentre study evaluating the risk and prevalence of diabetic retinopathy in children and young people with type 1 diabetes mellitus; Introduction: There is currently limited data published on the prognostic factors and prevalence of diabetic eye disease in children and young people (CYP) with Type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM), yet diabetic retinopathy remains one of the commonest causes of blindness in young adults. The aim of this study was to determine the risk and prevalence of diabetic retinopathy (DR) and to evaluate the risk factors associated with diabetic retinopathy in CYP with T1DM. Methods: All CYP with Type 1 diabetes between 12 and 18 years of age, registered with the regional diabetic retinopathy screening programme were evaluated from 2012 to 2013 in four diabetes units within the north west region of the United Kingdom. Patients who had evidence of diabetic retinopathy were reviewed to identify risk factors for presence or absence of diabetic retinopathy. Results: 237 patients between the ages 12–18 years were included in the. The prevalence of diabetic retinopathy was 11%. Out of 27 patients with evidence of diabetic retinopathy, 44% were reported as background changes and 56% had pre-proliferative DR. Significant risk factors for diabetic retinopathy disease in the population using univariate analyses were duration of diabetes, puberty, age at diagnosis and mean HbA1c in the preceding 12 months. Multivariate logistic regression analysis found age of diagnosis (p = 0.04) and mean HbA1c as significant independent risk factors for presence of diabetic retinopathy (p = 0.02). Conclusions: The prevalence of diabetic retinopathy in this paediatric population was 11%. Early age at diagnosis and poor metabolic control are independent risk factors for diabetic retinopathy. ER  - 
Age at menarche and blood pressure in pregnancy; Objectives: To investigate whether age at menarche is related to maternal blood pressure in pregnancy and, if so, whether obesity and insulin resistance can modify the associations. Study design: Analysis of data collected from 438 pregnant women from the longitudinal and prospective Cambridge Baby Growth Study. Main outcome: Testing associations between questionnaire-derived age at menarche and blood pressure measurements in pregnancy collected from hospital notes, and investigating whether any associations were altered by maternal pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) and insulin resistance. Measures: Mean arterial blood pressure at four time points across pregnancy, age at menarche, (Homeostasis Model Assessment) insulin resistance around week 28 of pregnancy. Results: For each increased year in age at menarche there was a drop in mean arterial blood pressure (mmHg) of 0.6 at 11.9 weeks, 0.9 at 31.4 and 37.0 weeks, and 0.4 at 38.8 weeks (a maximal difference of over 7 mmHg across extremes of AAM). Each association was attenuated by both maternal pre-pregnancy BMI and insulin resistance. Conclusions: Age at menarche is negatively associated with future blood pressure in pregnancy, so those with the earliest age at menarche have the highest blood pressures. Either these associations may be mediated by links between age at menarche and obesity/insulin resistance, or there may be a confounder (e.g. systemic inflammation) that links age at menarche to each of them. ER  - 
Influence of socioeconomic and psychological factors in glycemic control in young children with type 1 diabetes mellitus; Objective: To evaluate the influence of socioeconomic and psychological factors on glycemic control in young children with type 1 diabetes mellitus. Methods: This was a cross-sectional study assessing prepubertal children with type 1 diabetes mellitus. The authors analyzed the socioeconomic status using the Brazil Economic Classification Criterion (Critério de Classificação Econômica Brasil [CCEB]) and psychological conditions through the Brazilian version of the Problem Areas in Diabetes, associated with glycemic control, measured by glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c). Descriptive analysis was used. The variables were assessed by bivariate and multivariate robust Poisson regression model, as well as Fisher's exact and Pearson's chi-squared tests to obtain the ratios of gross and adjusted prevalence ratio, with confidence interval being estimated at 95%. Results: A total of 68 children with type 1 diabetes mellitus were included in the study. A negative association between glycemic control (glycated hemoglobin levels), socioeconomic status (Brazil Economic Classification Criterion), and psychological condition (Brazilian version of the Problem Areas in Diabetes) was observed. Among the study participants, 73.5% (n = 50) of the children had an unfavorable socioeconomic status; these participants were 1.4 times more likely to present altered glycated hemoglobin values. In relation to individuals with compromised psychological status, 26 (38.2%) had a score above 70, thus being classified with psychological stress; these children were 1.68 times more likely (95% confidence interval: 1.101, 1.301) to have higher glycated hemoglobin levels. Conclusions: The socioeconomic conditions and psychological characteristics of the study participants were negatively associated with glycated hemoglobin results. These data reinforce the importance of the studied variables as predictors of glycemic control. ER  - 
Longitudinal associations of physical activity and sedentary time with cardiometabolic risk factors in children; BACKGROUND: There are few prospective studies on the associations of changes in objectively measured vigorous physical activity (VPA∆ ), moderate-to-vigorous physical activity (MVPA∆ ), light physical activity (LPA∆ ), and sedentary time (ST∆ ) with changes in cardiometabolic risk factors (∆ ) in children. We therefore investigated these relationships among children. METHODS: The participants were a population sample of 258 children aged 6-8 years followed for 2 years. We assessed PA and ST by a combined heart rate and movement sensor; computed continuous age- and sex-adjusted z-scores for waist circumference, blood pressure, and fasting insulin, glucose, triglycerides, and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol; and constructed a cardiometabolic risk score (CRS) of these risk factors. Data were analyzed using linear regression models adjusted for age, sex, the explanatory and outcome variables at baseline, and puberty. RESULTS: VPA∆ associated inversely with CRS∆ (β = -0.209, P = 0.001), body fat percentage (BF%)∆ (β = -0.244, P = 0.001), insulin∆ (β = -0.220, P = 0.001), and triglycerides∆ (β = -0.164, P = 0.012) and directly with HDL cholesterol∆ (β = 0.159, P = 0.023). MVPA∆ associated inversely with CRS∆ (β = -0.178, P = 0.012), BF%∆ (β = -0.298, P = <0.001), and insulin∆ (β = -0.213, P = 0.006) and directly with HDL cholesterol∆ (β = 0.184, P = 0.022). LPA∆ only associated negatively with CRS∆ (β = -0.163, P = 0.032). ST∆ associated directly with CRS∆ (β = 0.218, P = 0.003), BF%∆ (β = 0.212, P = 0.016), and insulin∆ (β = 0.159, P = 0.049). CONCLUSIONS: Increased VPA and MVPA and decreased ST were associated with reduced overall cardiometabolic risk and major individual risk factors. Change in LPA had weaker associations with changes in these cardiometabolic risk factors. Our findings suggest that increasing at least moderate-intensity PA and decreasing ST decrease cardiometabolic risk in children. ER  - 
Menstrual and reproductive factors and type 2 diabetes risk: The Japan Public Health Center-based Prospective Study; Aims/Introduction: Menstrual and reproductive factors, including age at menarche, parity and breast-feeding, have been linked to type 2 diabetes risk. We prospectively investigated the association between these factors and type 2 diabetes risk in a large Japanese cohort. Materials and Methods: Participants were 37,511 women aged 45–75 years who participated in the baseline (1990–1993), second (1995–1998) and third surveys (2000–2003) of the Japan Public Health Center-based Prospective Study, and who had no history of diabetes at the second survey. Menstrual and reproductive history was ascertained using questionnaires at the baseline and second surveys. Odds ratios of self-reported, physician-diagnosed type 2 diabetes over the 5-year period from the second survey were estimated using logistic regression. Results: At the third survey, 513 new cases of type 2 diabetes were self-reported. The odds ratios of type 2 diabetes tended to increase with the number of parity, after adjustment for covariates other than body mass index (P for trend = 0.029). The multivariable-adjusted odds ratios of type 2 diabetes for women with three or more births was 1.56 (95% confidence interval 0.96–2.53) compared with those who were nulliparous. The association between parity and type 2 diabetes risk was attenuated after additional adjustment for body mass index (P for trend = 0.12). No factors other than parity were significantly associated with type 2 diabetes risk. Conclusions: Higher parity might be associated with an increased risk of type 2 diabetes among Japanese women, partly through increasing bodyweight. ER  - 
Insulin Resistance in South African Youth Living with Perinatally Acquired HIV Receiving Antiretroviral Therapy; To investigate the prevalence of and risk factors for insulin resistance (IR) in a cohort of youth living with perinatally acquired HIV (YLPHIV) receiving antiretroviral treatment (ART). A cross-sectional analysis of IR in YLPHIV and age-matched HIV-uninfected youth enrolled in the Cape Town Adolescent Antiretroviral Cohort. South African youth ages 9-14 years, with perinatally acquired HIV who were on ART for >6 months and age-matched HIV-uninfected adolescents, were eligible. The homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), calculated from fasting insulin and glucose measurements at enrollment, was used to assess IR. Multiple linear regression was used to examine adjusted associations between HOMA and HIV-related and traditional cardiovascular risk factors. Of 448 adolescents, 385 (85.9%) were YLPHIV; median age was 12.1 years [interquartile range (IQR): 10.8-13.5], and 50.4% were female. Median duration on ART was 7.5 (IQR: 4.5-9.2) years. The prevalence of IR in YLPHIV was 18%. Among YLPHIV, waist circumference (β = 0.01, p = .01), hypertriglyceridemia (β = 0.07, p = .01), CD4 count >500 cells/mm3 (β = 0.08, p = .02), or prior use of abacavir (β = 0.06, p = .04) were associated with increased HOMA, after adjusting for age, sex, body mass index, and Tanner stage. In a South African cohort of YLPHIV on ART, IR was not significantly different from uninfected adolescents. YLPHIV with traditional cardiovascular risk factors or abacavir exposure may be at higher risk for IR. ER  - 
Preconception risk of gestational diabetes: Development of a prediction model in nulliparous Australian women; Aim: To develop a prediction model for preconception identification of women at risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: Data from a prospective cohort, the Australian Longitudinal Study on Women's Health, were used. Nulliparous women aged 18–23 who reported a pregnancy up to age 37–42 were included. Preconception predictors of GDM during a first pregnancy were selected using logistic regression. Regression coefficients were multiplied by a shrinkage factor estimated with bootstrapping to improve prediction in external populations. Results: Among 6504 women, 314 (4.8%) developed GDM during their first pregnancy. The final prediction model included age at menarche, proposed age at future first pregnancy, ethnicity, body mass index, diet, physical activity, polycystic ovary syndrome, and family histories of type 1 or 2 diabetes and GDM. The model showed good discriminative ability with a C-statistic of 0.79 (95% CI 0.76, 0.83) after internal validation. More than half of the women (58%) were classified to be at risk of GDM (>2% predicted risk), with corresponding sensitivity and specificity values of 91% and 43%. Conclusions: Nulliparous women at risk of GDM in a future first pregnancy can be accurately identified based on preconception lifestyle and health-related characteristics. Further studies are needed to test our model in other populations. ER  - 
Physical activity levels and associated cardiovascular disease risk factors among postmenopausal rural women of Bangladesh; Objectives: The role of physical inactivity in relation to cardiovascular disease (CVD) among postmenopausal women is understudied. The main objective of this study was to measure the physical activity levels (PALs) and evaluate its relation to other CVD risk factors among postmenopausal rural women of Bangladesh. Methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted among 265 postmenopausal women aged 40–70 years who visited the outpatient department of a primary health-care center situated in the village Karamtola of Gazipur district. A pretested modified questionnaire of STEP-wise approach to Surveillance (STEPS) of noncommunicable disease risk factors was used to collect data on sociodemographic and lifestyle factors. PAL was determined by the Estimated Energy Requirement (EER) equation of the Dietary Reference Intakes (DRIs) Committee, and association with CVD risk factors was examined by Spearman's rank correlation. Results: More than half (58.1%) of the postmenopausal women were identified as sedentary with high prevalence of central obesity (73.2%) among them. CVD risk factors including age (r = −0.228, p < 0.01), age at menopause (r = −0.129, p < 0.05), duration of menopause (r = −0.183, p < 0.05), 2-h plasma glucose (r = −0.148, p < 0.05), total cholesterol (r = −0.138, p < 0.05), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (r = −0.122, p < 0.05), and triglyceride (r = −0.168, p < 0.01) showed a significant as well as inverse association with Metabolic Equivalent of Task (MET) of physical activity. Conclusion: Low PAL and significant inverse correlation with various CVD risk factors demand interventions to maintain higher PAL among postmenopausal women of Bangladesh. ER  - 
Metabolic syndrome and insulin resistance syndrome among infertile women with polycystic ovary syndrome: A cross-sectional study from central Vietnam; Background: Polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) is one of the most common endocrinopathies among reproductive-age women. Its metabolic features often overlap with those associated with metabolic syndrome (MS) and insulin resistance syndrome (IRS). The objective of this study was to determine the prevalence and predictors of MS and IRS in infertile Vietnamese women with PCOS. Methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted at a tertiary fertility centre at Hue University Hospital from June 2016 to November 2017. A total of 441 infertile women diagnosed with PCOS based on the revised 2003 Rotterdam consensus criteria were enrolled. MS and IRS were defined based on the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute/American Heart Association Adult Treatment Panel III 2005 and American College of Endocrinology IRS 2003 criteria, respectively. Complete clinical and biochemical measurements of 318 women were available for analysis. Independent predictors of MS and IRS were identified using multivariate logistic regression. Results: The overall prevalence of MS and IRS in women with PCOS was 10.4% and 27.0%, respectively. We identified older age (>30 years) and obesity as independent predictors of MS and IRS. Elevated anti-Müllerian hormone levels increased the risk of IRS, but not that of MS. Conclusion: MS and IRS are prevalent disorders among infertile Vietnamese women with PCOS. PCOS is not solely a reproductive problem. Screening and early intervention for MS and/or IRS based on anthropometric, metabolic, and reproductive hormone risk factors should be an integral part of fertility care. ER  - 
Case series of mauriac syndrome: A rare but severe complication of type 1 diabetes mellitus; Introduction: Mauriac syndrome (MS) was first described in year 1930 by Pierre Mauriac in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM). It is mainly characterized by growth and pubertal failure together with extreme hepatomegaly, transaminitis with histological findings of glycogen accumulation within the hepatocytes. It is a rare complication in patients with poor glycaemic control and displaying certain pattern of genetic predisposition. Methodology & Analysis: We reviewed 3 patients with Mauriac syndrome in our clinic since 2008. Patient 1: 13-year-old boy, with TIDM since age of 5 and frequently defaulted follow-up. His HbA1c ranged 11-15%. He has stunted growth and pubertal delay, hepatomegaly and transaminitis, which prompted extensive work-up. Liver biopsy confirmed glycogen hepatopathy. However, his disease control remained poor. He presented with generalized oedema, increasing hepatomegaly (liver span 17 cm) and transaminitis. His liver enzymes fluctuated dramatically while his insulin treatment was intensified. After a month of supervised treatment, his hepatomegaly improved and transaminitis resolved. Patient 2: 15-year-old boy, with TIDM for 5 years and HbA1c ranged 10.5-13.5%. He presented with hepatomegaly (liver span 19 cm) and transaminitis. Liver biopsy confirmed glycogenic hepatopathy. Concomitantly, he had other complications including parotid swelling and glaucoma. However, he has no delayed puberty or stunted growth. Patient 3: 10-year-old girl, with TIDM for 6 years and HbA1c ranged 13-16%. She has short stature, dyslipidaemia, and complications including recurrent abscesses at injection sites and cataract. She defaulted follow-up for 10 months and was noted to have hepatomegaly (liver span 16 cm) with transaminitis. She was planned for referral to hepatologist but she defaulted follow-up. Discussion: Our report highlights the difficulty in managing MS in achieving targeted glycaemic control, compounded by their poor psychosocial aspects. We had to exclude other causes of hepatomegaly such as autoimmune, infectious or metabolic causes. In our series, one had relapsing and remitting pattern of transaminitis. CONCLUSION: It is important for clinicians to have increase awareness for MS, especially in poorly controlled T1DM patients for timely diagnosis and management. With aggressive glycaemic control, the syndrome is reversible. ER  - 
Evaluation of TG: HDL-C ratio, acanthosis nigricans and liver biomarkers as screening tools for metabolic syndrome in obese and overweight children; Due to age-related developmental differences, diagnosis of metabolic syndrome (MetS) among children has yet to be clearly defined. The purpose of this study was to compare the usefulness of TG: HDL-C ratio, acanthosis nigricans (AN) and liver biomarkers as screening tools for MetS in obese and overweight children. We used data obtained from MyBFF@school, a school-based lifestyle intervention programme involving nutritional, physical activity and psychology modules specific for obese and overweight school children conducted between January and December of 2014. A total of 232 obese and overweight children aged 9-16 years with a complete data set for waist circumference, acanthosis nigricans as well as blood samples assayed for triglyceride, high-density lipoprotein (HDL-C), glucose and liver enzymes were included. MetS was determined based on the International Diabetes Federation (IDF) 2007 definition. Out of 232 children, 9.9% (n = 23) were found to have MetS. Odds ratio was estimated using multiple logistic regression adjusted for age, gender, pubertal stages and obesity status. Children in the third tertiles of TG: HDL-C ratio posed 6.0 times higher risk of developing MetS (OR = 5.99; 95% CI = 1.6, 22.4; P = 0.008). Meanwhile, the relationship between other parameters (liver enzymes, AN & AST: ALT ratio) and MetS was not statistically significant. Highest area under the curve for ROC (AUROC) was found for TG:HDL-C ratio (AUC = 0.796, P < 0.001[95% CI = 0.688,0.904]). The association between ALT concentration and MetS as well as BMI z-score across percentiles was further evaluated by quantile regression. Yet, only the degree of obesity was significantly correlated with the higher value of ALT. In conclusion, TG:HDL-C ratio is a superior marker for identification of MetS in comparison to liver enzymes and AN among obese and overweight children. In this study, we are suggesting a cut-off value for TG:HDL-C ratio as >1.01 (sensitivity = 73.9%, specificity = 63.2%) to screen for MetS among our children population. It would be useful to consider the addition of TG: HDL-C ratio to the MetS definition as triglycerides and HDLcholesterol are the two important lipid measures in the diagnosis of MetS. ER  - 
Not all sedentary behaviour is equal: Children's adiposity and sedentary behaviour volumes, patterns and types; Objective: The importance of different constructs of sedentary behaviours in relation to childhood obesity is uncertain. Thus, this study aimed to investigate relationships between volume, patterns and types of sedentary behaviour and adiposity in children. Methods: A case-control study was undertaken involving 234 children aged 10–13 years who were either of a healthy-weight (74 boys, 56 girls) or classified as obese (56 boys, 48 girls). Percent body fat (by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry) and waist-to-height ratio were assessed. Time, type (television, videogame, computer, eating, passive transport) and bout length of sedentary behaviours were measured using accelerometry and the Multimedia Activity Recall for Children and Adolescents. Time use (total daily energy expenditure, sleep, physical activity), age, household income and Tanner stage were covariates in sex-stratified partial least squares analyses. Results: Daily energy expenditure and income were negatively associated with adiposity for both sexes. Television time was consistently positively associated with adiposity. In boys only, prolonged bouts of sedentary behaviour and time spent playing video games/computer were positively linked with adiposity. Non-screen sedentary behaviour was negatively associated with adiposity in girls. Independent of total energy expenditure, total sedentary time was only inconsistently associated with fatness. Conclusions: These data suggest that (1) characteristics of sedentary time other than duration are associated with adiposity in children, and (2) associations may be sex-specific. ER  - 
Resistin levels are not associated with obesity in central precocious puberty; Objective: To compare serum resistin concentrations between prepubertal girls with a BMI > 85th percentile and girls with precocious puberty (CPP) who have and have not undergone GnRH analog treatment. Patients and methods: This is a cross-sectional study in girls with a BMI > 85th percentile and a median age of 8 years. We included 31 girls with CPP who did not receive treatment (CPPoT), 23 girls with CPP who were treated with leuprolide (CPPT), 22 prepubertal girls and 24 pubertal girls. Anthropometric data and the fasting plasma concentrations of lipids, glucose, insulin, and resistin were measured. Results: The z-BMI scores were similar among the groups (p = 0.344), and body fat percentage (BF%) was similar among CPPT, CPPoT and prepubertal girls (p = 0.151). Resistin and insulin levels were lower in girls with CPP (CPPT and CPPoT) than in prepubertal and pubertal girls (median resistin level: CPPT 11.8 pg/ml vs CPPoT 11 pg/ml vs prepubertal 16 pg/ml vs pubertal 16 pg/ml, p = 0.001; median insulin level: CPPT 10.7 μUI/mL vs CPPoT 10.2 μUI/mL vs prepubertal 14.4 μUI/mL vs pubertal 32 μUI/mL p = 0.02). ANCOVA analysis, after adjustments for pubertal stage, BF% and z-BMI, showed that CPP modifies resistin levels (F = 31.4; p = 0.0001) independently of these parameters (p < 0.05). Conclusions: In the group of girls with overweight or obesity, the resistin level was lower in girls with CPP than in prepubertal and pubertal girls. More studies are needed to understand the role of resistin in CPP patients. ER  - 
Body mass index at the presentation of premature adrenarche is associated with components of metabolic syndrome at puberty; The aim of this study was to analyze the relationship between premature adrenarche (PA) and metabolic syndrome (MeS) parameters at presentation and during puberty. This study comprised 47 girls with PA. Age- and puberty-matched 22 healthy girls without PA were the control group. Patients were evaluated at admission (first evaluation) and later in puberty (second evaluation). Anthropometric measurements, lipid levels, and hormonal parameters were studied and oral glucose tolerance test was performed. Indices for insulin resistance (IR) were calculated. The study group was divided in subgroups according to body mass index (BMI) and compared with the control group. The age of the PA group at first evaluation was 8.0 ± 1.1 years; mean height SDS and BMI SDS were 0.4 ± 1.2 and 0.6 ± 0.9, respectively. Age of PA group at the second evaluation was 12.9 ± 2.4 years. Frequency of obesity and overweight was 14.9 and 23.4%. Dyslipidemia ratio was 28.3%. PA group had significantly higher BMI than controls. Mean insulin concentration was higher and mean glucose and FGIR were lower in PA group and also dyslipidemia ratio was 5.3 times higher in PA than controls (p = 0.040). In PA group, overweight/obese subjects had still higher BMI at second evaluation and also higher fasting glucose, insulin, HOMA-IR. However, PA children with exaggerated DHEAS concentrations compared to those without had similar BMI SDS, insulin sensitivity, and secretion indices and lipid profile at second evaluation. BMI SDS at first evaluation was positively correlated with HOMA-IR at puberty; however, there is no correlation between DHEAS at first evaluation and HOMA-IR at puberty. Conclusion: BMI at adrenarche is more important than prepubertal adrogen concentrations such as DHEAS, while predicting the IR in puberty. Long-term follow-up of children supports the observation that PA per se may be related to IR; however, the risk increases with obesity.What is Known:• Premature adrenarche (PA) is receiving more attention as evidence emerges for a relation between early androgen excess and metabolic syndrome.• The onset of the adrenal androgen production before 8 years in girls defined as PA. Pubarche, axillary hair, apocrine body odor, acne are typical phenotypic features of PA.What is New:• Body mass index at adrenarche is an important risk factor for development of insulin resistance in pubertal ages.• Degree of dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate elevation was not shown as a risk factor for insulin resistance. ER  - 
Evolution of body mass index in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus; The prevalence of childhood overweight and obesity has risen during the last 30 years, not only in children with type 2 diabetes, but also those with type 1 (T1D) and this is linked with an increased cardiovascular risk. A better understanding of weight patterns in the years after diagnosis of T1D is important to identify those children with a risk for excess weight gain and strategies to decrease this. We retrospectively analyzed data of all children with T1D followed at the department of Pediatric Endocrinology Leuven and diagnosed between 1991 and 2015. Data as age, sex, BMI, and Tanner score were extracted in 390 subjects. Standardized BMI (BMI SDS) in this study group using all data was 0.26. An increase in BMI SDS was seen as a function of time since diagnosis and age, both being independent predictors. Data comparison showed a significant stronger relation between BMI SDS and both time since diagnosis and age in girls. Children diagnosed after puberty showed a higher increase in BMI SDS. Conclusion: These longitudinal data suggest an important increase in BMI in children with T1D, both as a function of time since diagnosis and age, especially in girls.What is Known:• The prevalence of childhood overweight and obesity is risen during the last 30 years, in children with type 2 diabetes, but also those with type 1 diabetes.What is New:• Our study demonstrates with longitudinal data an increase in BMI in children with type 1 diabetes, especially girls. The increase in BMI SDS is seen as a function of time since diagnosis and age, both being independent predictors. Given the increased risk of metabolic syndrome and other complications in overweight children, special attention is needed to prevent this evolution. ER  - 
Endocrinologic late effects in pediatric hodgkin lymphoma patients; Background/Objectives: Survival rate of Hodgkin Lymphoma (HL) has been increased but this resulted an increase of chemotherapy and radiotherapy related late side-effects. One of the most common long-term side effects are endocrine-related side effects. In this study, we searched for long-term endocrine-related side effects of our pediatric Hodgkin patients. Design/Methods: HL patients at complete remission at least for 2 years were eligible for this prospective study. Patients whose disease were relapsed or who were at complete remission for less than 2 years or undergone bone marrow transplantation were excluded. For thyroid related side effects, serum TSH, free T3, free T4, anti-TGB, anti-TPO, thyroglobulin levels and thyroid gland ultrasound were assessed. For gonadal functions, serum FSH, LH, estradiol (for girls), testesterone (for boys) levels were measured. Sexual development was assessed with Tanner staging and ovary and testis sizes were noted. Glucose metabolism and obesity were evaluated by measuring serum fasting glucose and insulin levels, HBA1C, HOMA and body mass indexes. For bone metabolism related side effects, serum Ca, P and ALP paramethers were detected. All data were analyzed by comparison of variables related to clinical features and treatment. Results: 19 patients (%46) had hypothroidism. Thyroid nodule were detected in 7 patients (%17). 5 patients' (%12) serum FSH levels were above normal. %48 of patients had increased HOMA index while %34 were assessed as overweight or obese according to their BMI. None of the patients had abnormal result for bone metabolism and adrenal axis. Conclusions: In our study population, hypotiroidism, gonadal toxicity, insulin resistance and obesity were detected. It's important to follow up these patients for long-term to prevent morbidity after HL treatment. Although there are many studies on endocrine side-effects of chemotherapy and radiotherapy in HL patients, detailed randomized controlled trials are needed especially for glucose metabolism and obesity related side effects. ER  - 
Long-term follow-up of gonadal dysfunction in morbidly obese adolescent boys after bariatric surgery; Elevated body mass index (BMI) is associated with hypogonadism in men but this is not well described in adolescents. The aim is to evaluate gonadal dysfunction and the effects of weight loss after gastric banding in obese adolescent boys. Thirty-seven of 54 boys (age 16.2±1.2 years, mean BMI 48.2 kg/m2) enrolled at the Center for Adolescent Bariatric Surgery at Columbia University Medical Center had low total testosterone for Tanner 5 <350 ng/dL. Sixteen had long-term hormonal data for analysis at baseline (T0), 1 year (T1) and 2 years (T2) post-surgery. T-tests, chi-squared (χ2) tests, correlation and linear mixed models were performed. At T0, the hypogonadal group had higher systolic blood pressure (SBP) (75th vs. 57th percentile, p=0.02), fasting insulin (19 vs. 9 μIU/mL, p=0.0008) and homeostatic index of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) (4.2 vs. 1.9, p=0.009) compared to control group. Total testosterone was negatively correlated with fasting insulin and HOMA-IR. In the long-term analysis, BMI, weight, waist circumference (WC), and % excess weight decreased at T1 and T2 compared to T0. Mean total testosterone at T0, T1 and T2 were 268, 304 and 368 ng/dL, respectively (p=0.07). There was a statistically significant negative correlation between BMI and testosterone after 2 years (r=-0.81, p=0.003). Low testosterone levels but unaltered gonadotropins are common in this group and associated with insulin resistance. While a significant increase in testosterone was not found over time, the negative relationship between BMI and testosterone persisted, suggesting there may be an optimal threshold for testosterone production with respect to BMI. Long-term studies are needed. ER  - 
Comparison of classical and non-classical Turner syndrome at Nich Karachi; Objective: To analyse chromosomal abnormalities of the patients who were referred for the screening of short stature and delayed puberty and to verify the association between karyotype and phenotype in confirmed Turner Syndrome (TS) patients. Study Design: Descriptive study. Place and Duration of Study: Department of Pediatric Endocrinology and Diabetes Unit-II, National Institute of Child Health, Karachi, from January 2011 to June 2016. Methodology: Patients referred for the evaluation of short stature or delayed puberty were for the assessment of karyotype and phenotype correlations; standard karyotyping was executed and analysed on the basis of routine G-banding technique. Echocardiography and pelvic ultrasonography was also performed. Results: The study population consisted of 79 registered patients, with short stature and delayed puberty 48/79 (60.75%), short stature 68/79 (86.07%), and ambiguous genitalia 5/79 (6.32%). Conferring to the karyotype analysis, classical Turner Syndrome 45, X was found in 42/79 (53.16%), isochromosomes 13/79 (16.45%), and mosaicism was present in 11/79 (14.1%). Only 7/79 (8.86%) cases were diagnosed in infancy. Conclusion: The results of the study showed the consistency of short stature and delayed puberty in most of patients. Monosomy of X chromosome was the commonest followed by isochromosomes, mosaicism and structural abnormalities of X chromosome. No remarkable difference was found among classical and non-classical TS patients' height. ER  - 
Percentage fractions of urinary di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate metabolites: Association with obesity and insulin resistance in Korean girls; Objective We assessed the associations of percentage fractions of urinary di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) metabolites with obesity and insulin resistance in Korean girls. Methods In total, 137 girls, aged 6 to 13 years (65 overweight cases and 72 controls), were recruited. Anthropometric indices and the homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) index were determined. Four major urinary DEHP metabolites were analyzed in spot urine samples by gas chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry, including mono(2ethylhexyl) phthalate, mono(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl) phthalate (MEHHP), mono(2-ethyl-5oxohexyl) phthalate (MEOHP), and mono(2-ethyl-5-carboxypentyl) phthalate. Results There were no significant differences in the urinary concentrations of the DEHP metabolites between the overweight and control groups. The percentage fraction of MEHHP (MEHHP %) among all DEHP metabolites was significantly higher in the overweight prepubertal girls than in the controls (P = 0.035). MEHHP% was positively associated with the body mass index percentile, waist circumference, body fat percentage, and HOMA-IR index in the prepubertal girls. After adjusting for covariates, the prepubertal girls in a higher MEHHP% quartile were found to have a higher odds ratio for central obesity than those in a lower quartile (odds ratios: 5.05 for quartile 3; 7.30 for quartile 4). The relative rate of MEHHP oxidation to MEOHP was negatively associated with the body mass index percentile and waist circumference in the prepubertal girls. However, no such association was observed in the pubertal girls. Conclusions MEHHP% was positively associated with obesity and insulin resistance in prepubertal girls. Further studies are necessary to elucidate the causal links between altered phthalate metabolism and increased susceptibility to insulin resistance in children. ER  - 
Metabolic profile & body composition in egyptian children with transfusion-dependent egyptian b-thalassemia; Background: Metabolic challenges in beta thalassemia major (BTM) carry an additional burden to both chronic anemia and iron overload. Although optimal nutritional support for children with BTM is mandatory, health insurance cover only blood transfusion and chelation therapy. Nutrition support remains subtle for both the family and governmental interest especially in developing countries. Aim: To assess growth, total body composition, lipid and glucose hemostasis in Egyptian children with BTM in relation to iron overload and state of chronic hypoxemia. Subjects and methods: 200 Egyptian children with BTM were recruited, they were 99 females (49.5%) and 101 male (50.5%) and their mean age was 12.15 ± 4.23 years. 50 age-and sex-matched healthy children with same socio-economic background were also enrolled. All of them subjected to history taking; thorough clinical examination, anthropometric measurements (weight, height, mid arm circumference, skin fold thickness and body mass index), body composition analysis (using bioelectric impedance analysis device) and dietetic assessment (using 24-hours dietetic recall). Serum lipid profile (high-density lipoprotein (HDL), low-density lipoprotein (LDL), cholesterol and triglyceride), C-peptide and serum insulin were assessed. Results: Most children with BTM had families with high birth order and nearly half of them had positive family history, in addition consanguinity was reported to be 1.5 times in BTM compared to what was reported in controls. Almost half of the patients were from Cairo, the other half were from the economically less privileged Upper Egypt. Most of patients were diagnosed presented in 1st two years of life at mean age of 1.52 ± 1.66 and 1 transfusion was initiated within first four months after initial diagnosis. Most of patient transfused on low mean pre-transfusion hemoglobin of 8.4± 2.6 g/dl. Most studied BTM had iron overload, median (IQR) of serum ferritin was 1800 (1149-3100) ng/ml in the last 2 years, with median (IQR) duration on regular iron chelation was 4 (2-6) years and 12.5% of patients were non-compliant. Children with BTM had a significantly lower nutritional intake (kilocalories, protein, carbohydrate, calcium, and phosphorus) than controls with negative impact on anthropometric parameters and body composition parameters both in pubertal and pre-pubertal stage. There was significant increase in body fat value and percent in female BTM compared to male BTM. While there was significant increase in muscle mass % and body water % in males BTM. Children with BTM had significantly higher triglycerides levels however lower cholesterol, LDL, HDL, insulin and C-peptide compared to control. Factors including age, gender, caloric intake, mean pre-transfusion hemoglobin, transfusion burden, splenectomy, viral hepatitis comorbidity, mean serum ferritin, serum insulin, and HDL have impact on body composition in children with BTM. Conclusion: Poor caloric intake with low pre-transfusion hemoglobin and higher serum ferritin were the main risk factors for poor anthropometric parameters in all ages. Regular assessment of nutrition is crucial for the health of children with thalassemia. Keywords: Thalassemia, Body composition; Nutritional deficiency; Diabetes; Lipid. ER  - 
Girls and boys have a different cardiometabolic response to obesity treatment; Background: Childhood obesity exposes individuals to cardiometabolic disturbances. We analyzed how family-based multidisciplinary obesity treatment influenced children's cardiometabolic health. Materials and methods: In this retrospective, two-year, follow-up study of 654 2- to 18-year-old children treated for obesity in three Finnish pediatric clinics in 2005-2012, blood pressure (BP), metabolic parameters, and the influence of sex, puberty and a change in body mass index standard deviation score (BMI SDS) were analyzed. Results: At baseline, at least one cardiovascular risk factor was present in 474 (80%) cases. Boys presented with more significant changes in cardiometabolic parameters than girls during the treatment. Boys' total cholesterol (TC) improved by 12 months (P = 0.009), and their low-density lipoprotein C (LDL-C) and glycosylated hemoglobin ameliorated by 12 months (P = 0.030 and 0.022, respectively) and 24 months (P = 0.043 and 0.025, respectively). Boys' triglycerides, insulin, homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and systolic BP deteriorated at 24 months (P < 0.001, 0.004, 0.002, and 0.037, respectively). In all children, the number of acceptable TC, LDL-C, insulin, and HOMA-IR values increased if BMI SDS reduced 0.25 or more by 12 months. Conclusion: Minor cardiometabolic improvements were found during the obesity treatment. These findings indicate the need to assess treatment methods and focus on prevention. ER  - 
Natural progression of premature pubarche and underlying diseases; Introduction: Premature pubarche (PP) is generally thought to be a benign condition, but it can also be the first sign of underlying disease. Objective: To analyse the aetiology and the evolution of the anthropometric, analytical and metabolic risk parameters of a group of patients with PP. Material and methods: A descriptive and analytical retrospective study of 92 patients affected by PP. Anthropometry, analyses, bone age and indicators of lipid metabolism were all evaluated. Results: The sample included 92 patients with PP (67 female and 25 male), with a mean age of 7.1 ± 0.6 for girls and 8.3 ± 0.7 for boys. Small for gestational age was recorded in 7.7%. There was an accelerated bone age (1.20 ± 0.1 years). A total of 21 patients were classified as idiopathic (23%), 60 as idiopathic premature adrenarche (65%), and 11 with non-classic congenital adrenal hyperplasia (12%). Puberty was reached early (11 + 0.9 years old in boys and 9.9 ± 0.8 in girls), as was menstruation age (11.8 + 1.1 years old), P <.001. The stature finally reached was close to their genetic stature. There is a positive correlation between body mass index, blood glucose and LDL cholesterol, as well as a tendency towards hyperinsulinaemia. Conclusions: The present study shows that PP is a benign condition in the majority of cases, but non-classic congenital adrenal hyperplasia (12%) is not uncommon. Menstruation and puberty started early and bone age was accelerated. Growth was normal, and more or less in line with genetic size. PP associated with obesity is linked with analytical variations of metabolic risks. ER  - 
Trajectories of Body Mass Index from Childhood to Young Adulthood among Patients with Type 1 Diabetes—A Longitudinal Group-Based Modeling Approach Based on the DPV Registry; Objective: To identify distinct longitudinal patterns of body mass index (BMI) z score in type 1 diabetes from childhood to young adulthood and secondly to determine sex differences as well as associated clinical covariates. Study design: A total of 5665 patients with type 1 diabetes (51% male) with follow-up from 8 to 20 years of age from the multicenter diabetes prospective registry DPV were studied (baseline diabetes duration ≥1 years, BMI z score aggregated per year of life). Latent class growth modeling (SAS: PROC TRAJ) was applied to analyze BMI z score over time. Results: Six distinct BMI z score trajectories were identified (group 1: 7% of patients, group 2: 22%, group 3: 20%, group 4: 16%, group 5: 25%, and group 6: 10%). Group 1, 2, 5, and 6 had an almost stable BMI z score, either in the low, near-normal, high stable, or chronic overweight range. Group 3 (60% girls) increased their BMI during puberty, whereas group 4 (65% boys) had a BMI decrease. Similar patterns were observed for girls only, whereas boys followed nearly stable trajectories without fluctuation over time. Between the near-normal and the other groups, significant differences (P <.05) in sex ratio, migration background, mental health, height z score, glycated hemoglobin A1c, diabetes treatment, dyslipidemia, hypertension, and smoking were observed. Conclusions: In youth with type 1 diabetes, a great heterogeneity of BMI z score trajectories exists that highlight the importance of personalized sex-specific intervention programs for subjects at risk for unfavorable BMI development. ER  - 
Bone mineral content and bone density is lower in adolescents with type 1 diabetes: A brief report from the RESISTANT and EMERALD studies; To understand the effect of type 1 diabetes (T1D) on bone mineral content (BMC) and bone density (BMD), we studied 125 T1D adolescents and 80 pubertal stage matched controls. T1D was associated with lower whole-body BMC and BMD compared to controls, even when adjusted for age, sex and sex hormones. ER  - 
Prepubertal children exposed to maternal gestational diabetes have latent low-grade inflammation; Background: Maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and overweight are associated with an increased risk of obesity and the metabolic syndrome in the adult offspring. We studied the influence of maternal GDM on prepubertal children's height, weight, body mass index (BMI), lipid and glucose metabolism, and low-grade inflammation. Methods: A cohort of 135 prepubertal Caucasian children (age range 4.4-9.7 years) was studied in a controlled cross-sectional study. Seventy-seven children had been exposed to maternal GDM, and 58 children born after a normal pregnancy served as controls. The outcomes were height, weight, BMI, blood pressure, and biochemical markers of glucose and lipid metabolism and inflammation. Results: There were no differences in height, weight, BMI, fasting serum insulin, plasma glucose, lipids, or blood pressure between the study groups. However, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) was significantly higher in the GDM group than in the controls (p = 0.001). Conclusions: Higher hs-CRP as a marker of low-grade inflammation was detected in prepubertal children exposed to maternal GDM, but no differences were seen in height, weight, BMI, or markers of glucose and lipid metabolism compared to control children. This finding may reflect an ongoing process of metabolic changes in children born after a GDM pregnancy. ER  - 
Factors analysis for delayed diagnosis in children with suprasellar germ cell tumor; OBJECTIVE: A significant proportion of children with GCTs experience a delayed in time to diagnosis, and the delay may increase the risk of tumor progression and deteriorate neurological outcome. MATERIAL-METHODS: This retrospective study examined 96 suprasellar GCTs who received treatment at Taipei Veterans General Hospital from Jan 1, 1990 to December 31, 2016. The association between clinical variables and confirmed diagnosis was evaluated. The delay diagnosis is defined as an interval of more or equal to 6 months between recorded symptoms and diagnostic images. RESULTS: Sixty-four (67%) out of 96 suprasellar GCTs have pathological diagnosis, which consisted of 50 pure germinoma (PG) and 14 non-germinomatous mixed GCTs. Two PG cases recurred and then malignant transformation to mixed GCTs with yolk sac tumor (YST) components. 68 (71%) cases located solely on pituitary fossa, thickened pituitary stalk, infundibulum and/or third ventricle of sellar and suprasellar region, and other 28 cases present multiple locations. Mean age at diagnosis is 12.4-years-old. Male to female ratio is 1.58 (57 male to 36 female). The presenting symptoms include diabetes incipidus in 70 (73%), headache in 32 (33%), blurred vision in 27 (28%), growth delay in 16 (17%), and precocious puberty in 8 (8%) patients. Medium duration of symptoms to diagnosis is 8 months (range 1 to 60 months). Up to 60% patients had a delay diagnosis. Mean follow-up period is 7.7 years. Medium age for patients with duration of symptoms within 6 months, 6-11 months, 12-24 months and more than 24 months were 19, 13, 17 and 12-year-old. The main factors affecting a delay diagnosis include symptoms of polyuria/polydipsia/nocturia, precocious puberty, and younger age. CONCLUSION: The risk of delay in diagnosis cannot be oversighted in children with suspicious symptoms. Non-irradiated image study is advised for children with the suspected neoplasms in the locations. ER  - 
SGLT2 inhibitors effect on fatty liver disease in patients with Berardinelli-Seip lipodystrophy; Background and aims: Berardinelli-Seip congenital lipodystrophy (BSCL) is a rare autosomal recessive disease with almost complete absence of adipose tissue and severe insulin resistance. Its prevalence worldwide is 1 in 12 million people. BSCL patients usually develop severe diabetes mellitus (DM), hypertriglyceridemia and fatty liver disease. The glucose control in BSCL is very difficult due the severity of insulin resistance, so they need high doses of insulin. Because of few options of treatment available for these patients, we tried to associate iSGLT2 to insulin, aiming to improve glucose control, liver disease and reduce insulin doses. There is no data in the literature regarding the use of iSGLT2 in patients with BSCL. Materials and methods: This is a retrospective, descriptive study of four patients with BSCL using more than 1 ui/kg of insulin and fatty liver disease that received iSGLT2 for 12 months. Liver disease was evaluated by elastography (FibroScan 502) considering a value of CAP >200 dB/m as steatosis and a kPa >6.0 for liver fibrosis. Patients were submitted to elastography before, 6 and 12 months after iSGLT2. A1c, fasting triglycerides (TG), liver enzymes, fasting glucose, body weight were measured at the same time. Results: Patient 1: 28 year-old woman, 50.4 kg, DM since 14 years old. At diagnosis: TG 896 mg/ml and A1c 14.2%. Leptin 0.6 ng/mL. Before empagliflozin 10 mg: A1c 9.4%, using 1.2 ui/kg of insulin, CAP 341, kPa 4.8. After 6 months: A1c 10%, insulin 1.3 uikg, CAP 351, kPa 6.6. After one year: A1c 10%, insulin 1.2 uikg, CAP 311, kPa 5.9 Patient 2: 33 year old woman, 64.4 kg, DM since puberty. At diagnosis: TG 678 mg/ml A1c 12.6%. Leptin 0.8 ng/mL. Before empagliflozin 10 mg: A1c 6.0% using 2.4 ui/kg of insulin, CAP 161, kPa 3.7. After 6 months: A1c 5.9%, insulin 2.4 uikg, CAP 234, kPa 4.9. After one year: A1c 6.1%, insulin 2.5 uikg, CAP 245, kPa 5.2. Patient 3: 59-year-old woman, 58.1 kg, DM since 40 years old. At diagnosis: TG 792 mg/ml and A1c 8.6%. Leptin 1.9 ng/mL. Before dapagliflozin 10 mg: A1c 8.5% using 2.0 ui/kg of insulin, CAP 304, kPa 8.1. After 6 months: A1c 7.5%, insulin 1.8 uikg, CAP 390, kPa 7.3. After one year: A1c 8.5%, insulin 1.8 uikg, CAP 320, kPa 7.1. Patient 4: 61-year-old woman, 54.4kg, DM since 47 years old. At diagnosis: TG 937 mg/ml and A1c 8.1%. Leptin 0.5 ng/mL. Before empagliflozin 10 mg: A1c 9.1% using 1.1 ui/kg of insulin, CAP 364, kPa 6.1. After 6 months: A1c 8.0%, insulin 1.1 uikg, CAP 287, kPa 5.8. After one year: A1c 8.5%, insulin 1.2 uikg, CAP 309, kPa 5.3. The use of iSGLT2 with insulin in patients with BSCL did not reduce A1c, insulin doses, weight nor triglycerides, but improved liver fibrosis in the two patients that presented this condition. The period of exposure to metabolic disturbances seems to be an important factor for liver fibrosis, since it was present in the two oldest patients. After one year of iSGLT2, without glycemic, body weight or steatosis improvements, the two patients with liver fibrosis reduced it in 12.3% and 13.1%. Maybe it was a direct effect of iSGLT2 in liver fibrosis, but as this is a rare disease we will a greater sample size to conclude this effect. Conclusion: The association of iSGLT2 to insulin for one year in four patients with BSCL did not improve steatosis, glycemic control neither insulin doses, but reduced liver fibrosis when it was present. ER  - 
Longitudinal analyses of serum metabolite phenotypes in the EarlyBird cohort identify metabolic readouts associated with childhood insulin resistance; Background and aims: Metabolite signatures have emerged as biomarkers associated with insulin resistance (IR) and type 2 diabetes (T2D). These biomarkers have potential to elucidate the mechanisms linking obesity to IR, and identify individuals at risk of T2D, but there are few longitudinal data in children through adolescence, when IR undergoes profound changes. Longitudinal studies in healthy children are essential to resolve whether altered metabolite signatures precede the development of IR. We conducted longitudinal modelling of metabonomic and clinical data from the Earlybird cohort to determine whether metabolite signatures are associated with IR. Materials and methods: EarlyBird is a non-intervention prospective cohort study (347 healthy UK children followed throughout childhood and puberty). Annual fasting serum samples from a sub-group of 150 children underwent metabonomic profiling by proton nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy. Subjects were chosen to represent the range of blood glucose observed in the cohort from 5y to 16y. We applied a combination of methods: consensus based clustering (CClust), and mixed effects modelling (MEM). CClust was used to group children according to their temporal profile of IR (HOMA-IR). Non-parametric testing was performed at each time point, and results aggregated according to the Fisher method to identify influential variables. MEM was used to assess the association between HOMA-IR and individual metabolites, taking into account age, BMI, physical activity and pubertal timing. Results: MEM identified several metabolites that were significantly and inversely associated (p < 0.05) with IR across childhood independently of BMI sds, physical activity and age at peak height velocity. Amongst the most influential metabolites were ketone bodies, branched amino acids, histidine, glutamine, lysine, and creatine. CClust analyses of HOMA-IR trajectories were performed at pre-puberty and adolescence, for both genders (f, females, m, males). This enabled the identification of metabolic patterns of high IR status at specific biological ages. At puberty IR was associated with reduced concentrations of amino acids histidine (f adj. p = 0.09, m adj. p = 0.02), glutamine (f adj. p = 0.09, m adj. p = 0.03), lysine (f adj. p = 0.09, madj. p = 0.007) and valine (f adj. p = 0.09, madj. p = 0.02). Additional patterns in central energy metabolism at puberty were increased 3D-hydroxybutyrate (f adj. p = 0.09, m adj. p = 0.003) and reduced creatine (f adj. p = 0.08, m adj. p = 0.007). Conclusion: The integrative approach developed here enabled us to explore the interactions between metabolite signatures and IR over time, during pubertal development. Several metabolites were associated with IR in children independently of pubertal development, adiposity and physical activity. This longitudinal analysis in healthy children confirms that IR is associated with complex but changing metabolite signatures. Amino acid signatures observed in more obese populations may be consequences rather than antecedents of IR. Ketogenesis was inversely associated with IR throughout childhood, but became positively associated with IR in puberty. Longer term observational studies may show whether these metabolite signatures predict adult health risks such as T2D, or could be used as a basis for intervention. ER  - 
Serum acid uric levels as an indicator for metabolically unhealthy obesity in youth: Results from a population-based cohort in Germany; Background and aims: Obesity during the childhood and adolescence increases the risk of several other chronic diseases and, because of its epidemic proportions, has become a major public health problem worldwide. Increasing evidence shows, paradoxically, that some obese individuals, reported as having “metabolically healthy obesity (MHO)”, seem to be protected from developing type 2 diabetes mellitus and a cardiovascular disease, in contrast to those with metabolically unhealthy obesity (MUO). The aim of this study was to improve the understanding of potential clinical and metabolic indicators that may help to distinguish between MHO from MUO phenotype. The specific aim of this study was to explore the relationship between serum uric acid levels and metabolic health in overweight and obese children and adolescents. Materials and methods: The study involved 246 overweight/obese (ov/ ob) and 212 normal weight individuals enrolled in the LIFE-Child study, aged between 6 and 18 years. LIFE-Child is a longitudinal study to evaluate how environmental, metabolic and genetic factors affect development and health from fetal life to adulthood. Results: Among the 246 ov/ob individuals, 173 (70%) can be regarded as MHO and 73 (30%) can be regarded as MUO. Overweight/obese individuals who were completely free of metabolic cardiovascular risk, i.e., fasting serum lipids, blood pressure and glucose were classified asMHO. Individuals meeting one or more criteria of cardiovascular risk factors were classified as metabolically unhealthy obesity (MUO). The MHO individuals were younger, more likely to be male, had lower BMI-SDS and had lower levels of uric acid and C-peptide and liver enzymes. In addition, glucose metabolism was altered in MUO as indicated by increased insulin levels and reduced WBISI with normal glycemia compared to the MHO group. In logistic regression models, UA SDS, waist circumference, and C-peptide, were significant indicators of MUO after adjusting for age, sex, pubertal status, and BMI-SDS. Conclusion: Our results show that nearly one-sixth of the individuals are already identified as MUO. Findings suggest that higher levels of uric acid are an indicator of MUO in German overweight and obese children and adolescent. ER  - 
BMI z-score trajectories in youth with type 1 diabetes: An international analysis from Australia, Germany/Austria and USA; Background and aims: Data on individual change in BMI during puberty are limited in T1D cohorts. We aimed to analyze international differences in individual BMI z-score (BMIz, WHO) patterns over time among youth with T1D. Materials and methods: Longitudinal data from 11,513 youth from the Australasian Diabetes Data Network (NADDN = 1073, female: 46%), German/Austrian Diabetes Prospective Follow-up (NDPV = 8722, 46%), and US T1D Exchange registry (NT1DX = 1718, 45%) were examined. Subjects with follow-up from age 8-17 years, T1D duration >1 year and >5 aggregated BMI values were included. Children with celiac or thyroid disease were excluded. Latent class growth modeling (PROC TRAJ) was applied to identify distinct BMIz trajectories. Results: International BMIz trajectories are presented in the figure. The most dramatic BMIz change during puberty were observed in DPV. Obese subjects (BMIz ≥2) from ADDN had a BMI decrease over time, while obese individuals in T1DX exhibited decreasing BMIz from age 8 to 12 years, followed by increasing BMIz during puberty. Comparing the reference group (BMIz ∼0) with the other groups, higher BMIz was associated with older age at T1D onset, racial/ethnic minority, elevated HbA1c and lower insulin pump use (p < 0.05). In DPV boys were more likely to follow a low BMIz or had a decreasing BMIz from childhood to young adulthood, whereas girls more often experienced pubertal BMIz increase. In ADDN, a preponderance of boys was found in lower and near-normal patterns, while elevated BMI trajectories were more likely in girls. However, in the T1DX data sex ratio did not differ. Conclusion: In three registries, the majority of T1D youth have a BMI pattern above the age- and gender-specific norms. The large international and individual differences in BMIz trajectories among youth with T1D likely result from diverse genetic and therapeutic factors, and suggest the need for personalized treatment regimens that consider healthy weight in addition to glucose control. (Figure Presented). ER  - 
Paediatric Anti-Müllerian Hormone measurement: Male and female reference intervals established using the automated Beckman Coulter Access AMH assay; Objective: Anti-Müllerian Hormone (AMH) concentration is high at birth in males, demonstrating the presence of functional testicular tissue in the prepubertal period, and acting as a useful marker in the investigation of paediatric reproductive disorders. AMH also provides a tool in the investigation of female virilization, premature ovarian failure and polycystic ovarian syndrome in childhood. Robust, assay-specific paediatric AMH reference intervals are therefore required for clinical interpretation of results. The aim of this study was to derive age-specific AMH reference intervals for males and females aged 0-18 years. Design and Patients: Plasma samples were obtained from patients at Royal Manchester Children's Hospital and analysed for AMH using the automated Beckman Coulter Access AMH Assay. Patients under investigation for paediatric reproductive or endocrine disorders were excluded from the study. Measurements: Seven hundred and 2 patient plasma samples (465 male, 237 female) were subject to AMH measurement, and results were analysed in order to derive continuous and discrete reference intervals for the paediatric age range. Results: Clear discrimination between male and female AMH results was evident in the prepubertal age range, with some overlap between the genders following pubertal onset. Conclusions: We have derived age-related reference intervals for plasma AMH in the paediatric age range (0-18 years) using the automated Beckman Coulter Access AMH assay which will aid in the investigation of paediatric endocrine disorders such as disorders of sexual development. ER  - 
Adipocyte aquaporin 7 (AQP7) expression in lean children and children with obesity. Possible involvement in molecular mechanisms of childhood obesity; Aquaporin 7 (AQP7), a water/glycerol transporting protein, regulates adipocyte glycerol efflux and influences lipid and glucose homeostasis. Altered AQP7 expression in adults leads to impaired glycerol dynamics, adipocyte hypertrophy and it predisposes them to obesity and diabetes. To assess its possible involvement in childhood obesity, this study investigated the expression of adipocyte AQP7 in cultured adipocytes of children. Primary in vitro differentiated adipocyte cultures were developed from surgical biopsies of subcutaneous abdominal adipose tissue from 61 (46 prepubertal, 15 pubertal) lean children (body mass index [BMI] <85%) and 41 (22 prepubertal, 19 pubertal) children with obesity (BMI >95%). AQP7 expression was studied by reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction and Western immunoblotting and insulin by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. AQP7 messenger RNA (mRNA) was increased in the younger obese prepubertal (YOP) children but decreased in the obese adolescents (OA) (p=0.014) who also had increased insulin and homeostatic model assessment - insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). Lean pubertal (LP) children and YOP had increased 41 kDa AQP7 protein expression (p=0.001 and p=0.005, respectively). The OA who expressed 34 kDa AQP7 had lower triglyceride (TG) levels than those who did not express it (p=0.013). In the lean children, TG were negatively correlated with 34 kDa AQP7 (p=0.033). The lower AQP7 mRNA expression in the OA may reflect a predisposition to adipocyte hypertrophy and metabolic dysfunction, as in the adults, whereas the YOP may be protected from this. The increased 41 kDa AQP7 protein expression in the LP may reflect the increased energy requirements of puberty for glycerol while in the YOP it may also be protective against the development of adipocyte hypertrophy. ER  - 
Vitamin D status and premature adrenarche; Background: Vitamin D, an important factor in calcium-phosphate homeostasis, has recently been suggested to play an important role in the pathogenesis of numerous chronic conditions such as hyperandrogenism. The aim of this study was to investigate the relationship between vitamin D status and premature adrenarche (PA). Methods: A total of 71 girls with PA and 52 healthy girls, as the control group, were recruited. Axillary and/or pubic hair development before the age of 8 years was defined as PA. Bone age and anthropometric measures including height, weight, and body mass index (BMI) were obtained. 25-Hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D), fasting plasma glucose and insulin were measured. Vitamin D insufficiency was defined as <20 ng/mL. Results: The PA patients had older bone age, higher BMI standard deviation score, homeostasis model of assessment–insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), and androgen but lower 25(OH)D than the control group. HOMA-IR and dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate were also higher in PA patients with vitamin D insufficiency compared with those with normal vitamin D. There was a negative correlation between 25(OH)D and HOMA-IR. Conclusion: Low vitamin D is associated with PA; and insulin resistance may be a factor in this association. ER  - 
Associations among IGF-1, IGF2, IGF-1R, IGF-2R, IGFBP-3, insulin genetic polymorphisms and central precocious puberty in girls; Background: Insulin and insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-1 coupled with growth hormone helps control timing of sexual maturation. Mutations and variants in multiple genes are associated with development or reduced risk of central precocious puberty (CPP). Methods: We assessed single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in the IGF-1, IGF-2, IGF-3, IGF-1 receptor (IGF1R), IGF-2 receptor (IGF2R), and IGF -binding protein 3 (IGFBP-3) genes, and their association with demographics and metabolic proteins in girls with CPP. Z-scores of height, weight, and body mass index (BMI) were calculated with the WHO reference growth standards for children. Results: IGF-1 serum levels of CPP group exhibited a higher correlation with bone age, z-scores of height and weight, and luteinizing hormone (LH) than those of control group, regardless of BMI adjustment. In the CPP group, height was associated with IGF-2(3580), an adenine to guanine (A/G) SNP at position + 3580. BMI in the CPP group was associated with IGF-2(3580), IGF1R, and the combinations of [IGF-2(3580) + IGF2R], and [IGF-2(3580) + IGFBP-3]. Body weight in the CPP group was associated with the combination of [IGF-2(3580) + IGFBP-3] (p = 0.024). Weight and BMI were significantly associated with the combination of [IGF-2(3580) + IGF2R + IGFBP-3] in the CPP group. These associations were not significantly associated with z-scores of weight, height, or BMI. The distribution of these genotypes, haplotypes, and allele frequencies were similar between control and CPP groups. Conclusions: These known SNPs of these IGF-1 axis genes appear to play minor roles in the risk for development of CPP. ER  - 
Longitudinal association between ideal cardiovascular health status and muscular fitness in adolescents: The LabMed Physical Activity Study; Background and aims: Muscular fitness is an emerging predictor for cardiovascular disease mortality. The ideal cardiovascular health metrics has been inversely related to a subsequent cardiometabolic health in adulthood. However, evidence regarding muscular fitness and ideal cardiovascular health in adolescents is scarce. This study aimed to examine the longitudinal association between ideal cardiovascular health index and muscular fitness. Methods and results: This study cohort consisted of 331 adolescents (183 girls) from the LabMed Physical Activity Study who were followed from 2011 to 2013. Ideal cardiovascular health, as defined by the American Heart Association, was determined as meeting ideal health factors (total cholesterol, blood pressure, and glucose) and behaviors (smoking status, body mass index, physical activity, and diet). Handgrip strength and standing long jump tests assessed muscular fitness and were transformed into standardized values according to age and sex. ANCOVA showed a significant association between the accumulation of ideal cardiovascular health metrics at baseline and muscular fitness indices at follow-up (F(4, 322) = 2.280, p = 0.04). In addition, the higher the number of ideal cardiovascular health metrics accumulated, the higher the likelihood of having a high muscular fitness over a two-year period (p for trend = 0.01), after adjustments for age, sex, pubertal stage and socioeconomic status and muscular fitness at baseline. Conclusion: The ideal cardiovascular health status during adolescence was associated with high muscular fitness levels over a two-year period. ER  - 
Impact of age at menarche on obesity and glycemic control in Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes: Fukuoka Diabetes Registry; Aims/Introduction: A younger age at menarche is associated with obesity and type 2 diabetes in adult life. The impact of early-onset menarche on obesity and glycemic control in type 2 diabetes has not been investigated. The present study examined the relationship between age at menarche and obesity and glycemic control in type 2 diabetes. Materials and Methods: A total of 2,133 patients with type 2 diabetes aged ≥20 years were divided into groups according to age at menarche (≤11, 12, 13, 14 and ≥15 years). A retrospective cohort study examined the association of menarcheal age with adiposity and hemoglobin A1c. Results: Age at menarche was inversely associated with body mass index (BMI) and abdominal circumference (P < 0.001). Each 1-year decrease in age at menarche was associated with a 0.25-kg/m2 and 0.6-cm increase in BMI and abdominal circumference, respectively, using a multivariate-adjusted model. Odds ratios for obesity and abdominal obesity significantly increased in participants with age at menarche ≤11 years after multivariable adjustments when age at menarche of 13 years was used as the reference (odds ratio 1.95, 95% CI 1.33–2.88, odds ratio 1.95, 95% CI 1.32–2.87, respectively). Younger age at menarche was significantly associated with higher hemoglobin A1c (P < 0.001); however, the association was not statistically significant after adjusting for BMI. Conclusions: Age at menarche of ≤11 years was associated with obesity after adjusting for confounding factors, and poor glycemic control associated with high BMI in type 2 diabetes. Age at menarche should be considered during clinical assessments. ER  - 
Beta cell function after intensive subcutaneous insulin therapy or intravenous insulin infusion at onset of type 1 diabetes in children without ketoacidosis; Background: Our aim was to see if IV insulin therapy at diagnosis preserves beta-cell function better than multiple subcutaneous (SC) injections. Methods: Fifty-four children 9.9 ± 3.5 years (range 2.8-14.9) without ketoacidosis were included in a 2 years, randomized multicenter study with insulin SC or 48 to 72 hours IV initially. Thirty-three (61%) were boys, 22 (41%) were pubertal. Forty-eight subjects completed 12 months follow-up and 43 completed 24 months. At 1, 6, 12, and 24 months, hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), C-peptide and insulin/kg/24 h were measured. At 24 months, a mixed-meal tolerance test (MMTT) was performed. Results: HbA1c at diagnosis was 10.7%, (93 mmol/mol) for IV, 10.7%, (94 mmol/mol) for SC. During the first 2 full days of insulin therapy, mean plasma glucose was 8.2 mmol/L for IV, 9.5 for SC (P =.025). Mean insulin dose was 1.5 U/kg/d for IV vs 1.0 for SC (P =.001). Sixteen (7 in IV, 9 in SC group) started with insulin pumps during the follow-up. At 24 months, we saw no significant differences: HbA1c (7.5%, 58 mmol/mol, for IV, 7.2%, 55 mmol/mol, for SC; ns), insulin doses (0.79 vs 0.88 U/kg/d; ns), fasting C-peptide (0.08 vs 0.12 nmol/L; ns), maximal MMTT response (0.19 vs 0.25 nmol/L; ns) and AUC (18.26 vs 23.9 nmol/L*min; ns). Peak C-peptide >0.2 nmol/L in the combined IV and SC groups correlated significantly with HbA1c and C-peptide at onset in a multiple regression. Conclusion: Residual beta cell function at 2 years seems to be independent from initial insulin regimens but related to HbA1c and C-peptide at onset. ER  - 
Adrenocortical Carcinoma in Children: A Clinicopathological Analysis of 41 Patients at the Mayo Clinic from 1950 to 2017; Background/Aims: Adrenocortical carcinoma (ACC) is an aggressive childhood cancer. Limited evidence exists on a definite histopathological criterion to differentiate ACC from adrenocortical adenoma. The aim of this study was to investigate the clinicopathological data of children with ACC, identify prognostic factors, and validate a histopathological criterion to differentiate ACC from adrenocortical adenoma. Methods: This retrospective cohort included 41 children, followed at the Mayo Clinic from 1950 to 2017 (onset of symptoms ≤21 years). Outcomes of interest were: alive with no evidence of disease, alive with evidence of disease, and dead of disease. Results: Median age at onset of symptoms was 15.7 years (n = 41; range, 0.2-21 years). Female:male ratio was 3.6: 1. Mixed symptomatology (> 1 hormone abnormality) was the most common presentation (54%, n = 22). Sixty-six percent of patients (n = 27 out of 41) underwent total adrenalectomy. Metastatic disease was more common in children aged > 12 years (p = 0.002 compared to < 4 years). The most common sites of metastases were the liver and lungs. Overall 2-year and 5-year survival rates were 61% (95% CI 45-77) and 46% (95% CI 30-62), respectively. Metastasis at the time of diagnosis was independently associated with poor prognosis (risk ratio 13.7%; 95% CI 3.9-87.7). Weiss criteria (29%) and modified Weiss criteria (33%) were less accurate in younger patients (< 12 years), compared to the Wieneke index (100%). Conclusion: The presence of metastases was an independent prognostic factor. The Wieneke index was the most accurate in predicting clinical outcomes in younger children. ER  - 
A rare cause of congenital adrenal hyperplasia: Clinical and genetic findings and follow-up characteristics of six patients with 17-hydroxylase deficiency including two novel mutations; Objective: 17α-hydroxylase/17,20 lyase deficiency (17OHD) is a rare form of congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH), characterized by hypertension and varying degrees of ambiguous genitalia and delayed puberty. The disease is associated with bi-allelic mutations in the CYP17A1 gene located on chromosome 10q24.3. We aimed to present clinical and genetic findings and follow-up and treatment outcomes of 17OHD patients. Methods: We evaluated six patients with 17OHD from five families at presentation and at follow up. Standard deviation score of all auxological measurements was calculated according to national data and karyotype status. CYP17A1 gene sequence alterations were investigated in all patients. Results: The mean (±standard deviation) age of patients at presentation and follow-up time was 14.6±4.2 and 5.0±2.7 years respectively. Five patients were referred to us because of delayed puberty and primary amenorrhea and four for hypertension. One novel single nucleotide insertion leading to frame shift and another novel variant occurring at an ultra rare position, leading to a missense change, are reported, both of which caused 17OHD deficiency. Steroid replacement was started. The three patients with 46,XY karyotype who were raised as females underwent gonadectomy. Osteoporosis was detected in five patients. Four patients needed antihypertensive treatment. Improvement in osteoporosis was noted with gonadal steroid replacement and supportive therapy. Conclusion: 17OHD, a rare cause of CAH, should be kept in mind in patients with pubertal delay and/or hypertension. Patients with 46,XY who are raised as females require gonadectomy. Due to late diagnosis, psychological problems, gender selection, hypertension and osteoporosis are important health problems affecting a high proportion of these patients. ER  - 
Parental perception of terminology of disorders of sex development in Western Turkey; Objective: Disorders of sex development (DSD) is a nomenclature intended to defeat the discomfort of families and patients and has found worldwide usage. The aim of this study was to address the perception and usage of terminology among the parents of DSD patients in a tertiary center in western Turkey. Methods: The records of the DSD council (multidisciplinary team where each patient with DSD is discussed) between years 2008-2015 were reviewed retrospectively. Data including details of the management process, patient characteristics and follow-up details were noted. Then inquiries reflecting parental perception about terminology were implemented during clinical visits. Results: In total, 121 patients were evaluated in monthly meetings of the DSD council and 79 inquiries were completed. Fifty-one percent of the families admitted knowing the terms DSD, ambiguous genitalia, “dubious genitals” and intersex. However, only 2% preferred using DSD, 6% intersex and 14% ambiguous genitalia. Fifty-two percent of the parents used a disease name in Latin (mostly hypospadias) addressing the disorder. The offspring of 69% of the parents who were familiar with the name “dubious genitals” were diagnosed in the neonatal period. The preferred terminology used by parents was strongly associated with the terminology used most commonly in the medical speciality their child most often attended. Conclusion: Each country has its own social norms. We suggest therefore that local committees including medical professionals, patients and families should be employed to develop proper terminology. ER  - 
Investigation of MKRN3 mutation in patients with familial central precocious puberty; Objective: There have been recent advances in the understanding of the etiology of idiopathic central precocious puberty (iCPP) including new genetic associations. The aim of this clinical study was to determine the frequency of MKRN3 mutation in cases of familial iCPP. Methods: Potential sequence variations in the maternally imprinted MKRN3 gene were evaluated in 19 participants from 10 families using next-generation sequencing analysis. Results: MKRN3 variation was found in only one of the 19 (5.3%) subjects. The male patient, who had a medical history of precocious puberty, had a heterozygous mutation, NM_005664.3:c.630_650delins GCTGGGC (p.P211Lfs*16). The father of this patient also had a history of precocious puberty and had the same mutation. p.P211Lfs*16 is a novel variant and it was identified as probably pathogenic by in silico analysis, consistent with the clinical findings. Conclusion: Given that MKRN3 mutation was detected in only one patient, with a paternal history of precocious puberty, this reinforces the importance of accurate family history taking. The detected incidence of MKRN3 variants in our case series was much lower than reported elsewhere which suggests a need for further studies in Turkish iCPP patients. ER  - 
A synopsis of current practice in the diagnosis and management of patients with turner syndrome in Turkey: A survey of 18 pediatric endocrinology centers; Objective: A comprehensive survey was conducted to evaluate the shortcomings of clinical care in patients with Turner syndrome (TS) in Turkey. Methods: A structured questionnaire prepared by the Turner study group in Turkey, which covered relevant aspects of patient care in TS was sent to 44 pediatric endocrinology centers. Results: Eighteen centers (41%) responded to the questionnaire. In the majority of the centers, diagnostic genetic testing, screening for Y chromosomal material, protocols regarding the timing and posology of growth hormone (GH) and estrogen, thrombophilia screening, fertility information and screening for glucose intolerance, thyroid, and coeliac diseases in patients with TS were in line with the current consensus. Thirteen centers (72.2%) performed GH stimulation tests. Only four centers (22.2%) used oxandrolone in patients with TS with very short stature. The majority of the centers relied on bone age and breast development to assess estrogen adequacy, though together with variable combinations of oestrogen surrogates. Two centers (11.1%) reported performing serum estradiol measurements. Eight centers (44.4%) routinely conducted cardiac/thoracic aorta magnetic resonance imaging. Screening for hearing, dental and ophthalmologic problems were performed by thirteen (72.2%), six (33.3%) and ten (55.6%) centers, respectively. Psychiatric assessments were made by four centers (22.2%) at diagnosis, with only one center (5.6%) requiring annual reassessments. Conclusion: Although we found some conformity between the current consensus and practice of the participating centers in Turkey regarding TS, further improvements are mandatory in the multi-disciplinary approach to address co-morbidities, which if unrecognized, may be associated with reduced quality of life and even mortality. ER  - 
Subnormal growth velocity and related factors during GnRH analog therapy for idiopathic central precocious puberty; Objective: Data concerning subnormal growth velocity (GV) and factors that influence this during gonadotropin-releasing hormone analog (GnRHa) therapy for idiopathic central precocious puberty (ICPP) are scarce. We investigated the incidence of subnormal GV and associated factors in patients receiving GnRHa therapy for ICPP. Methods: In this retrospective cohort study, the records of 50 girls who had been diagnosed with ICPP and started on GnRHa treatment before the age of eight years were investigated. Subnormal GV frequency, related factors during GnRHa therapy and the effect on final height were examined. Results: During the treatment, a significant decrease in the annual GV and GV standard deviation score (SDS) of the patients was observed. In 16 (32%) patients GV never declined below-1 SDS, while a decline was noted once and twice in 19 (38%) and 15 (30%) patients respectively. The median age of detection of subnormal GV was 9.9 (4.9-10.9) years. Patients with pubic hair at diagnosis were found to have an increased risk of subnormal GV (p=0.016). There was a significant negative correlation between diagnostic basal luteinizing hormone (LH) level and the first and second year GV SDS (p=0.012 and 0.017 respectively). A significant negative correlation between bone age at diagnosis and 3rd year GV SDS, and 4th year GV SDS (p=0.002 and p=0.038) was also observed. LH suppression significantly increased during treatment (p=0.001). Conclusion: In girls with ICPP the risk of subnormal GV appears highest at the 3rd year of GnRHa treatment, particularly in those patients with, at the time of diagnosis, pubic hair in conjunction with high baseline and peak LH and advanced BA and excessive LH suppression on follow-up. ER  - 
Nationwide study of turner syndrome in Ukrainian children: Prevalence, genetic variants and phenotypic features; Objective: We aimed to investigate the prevalence of Turner syndrome (TS) in the Ukrainian population, the frequency of karyotype variants, the age of children at diagnosis, the degree of short stature and phenotypic features in TS girls. Methods: A retrospective analysis was made in 538 TS girls aged 0.11-18.2 years within the time period of 2005-2015 with detailed examination of 150 patients. Results: The prevalence of TS in Ukraine is 77.5 in 100.000 live female births. The average age at diagnosis is 9.33±4.93 years. The relative proportions of karyotypic abnormalities found were: 45,X (59.3%); mosaicism 45,X/46,XX (22.9%); and structural abnormalities in chromosome X (17.8%). The most frequently encountered findings were growth delay (98.8%), shortening of the 4 th and 5th metacarpal bones (74.6%), abnormal nails (73.3%), broad chest (60.7%), short neck (58.6%), hypertelorism of nipples (51.4%), malformations of the cardiovascular (19.6%) and urinary systems (13.8%) and pathology related to vision (20.1%) and hearing (22.0%). Conclusion: In the Ukrainian population, the highest proportion of patients with TS had a karyotype 45,X. TS was accompanied by a lower frequency of malformations of internal organs compared to other countries. ER  - 
Sport Participation and Metabolic Risk During Adolescent Years: A Structured Equation Model; Sports practice during childhood can influence health indicators in later ages through direct and indirect pathways. Thus, this study aimed to test direct and indirect pathways to the association between sports practice in childhood and metabolic risk in adolescence, adopting physical activity, adiposity, and cardiorespiratory fitness at adolescence as potential mediators. This cross-sectional study with retrospective information was conducted with 991 adolescents (579 girls, 412 boys) aged 10 to 16 y. Sports activity was self-reported in childhood (retrospective data) and physical activity evaluated in adolescence through questionnaires. Somatic maturation (Mirwald method), cardiorespiratory fitness (20-m shuttle-run test), body fat (skinfolds), waist circumference, blood pressure (automatic instrument) and blood variables (fasting glucose, HDL cholesterol, and triglycerides) were measured at adolescence. Waist circumference, blood pressure and blood variables composed the metabolic risk score. Structured equation modeling was adopted. In both sexes, the relationship between sports practice at childhood and metabolic risk was fully mediated by habitual physical activity, which is related to the obesity construct and cardiorespiratory fitness. Obesity was associated with metabolic risk in boys (β=0.062; p<0.001) and girls (β=0.047; p<0.001). The relationship between sports practice in childhood and metabolic risk in adolescence was mediated by physical activity, obesity, and cardiorespiratory fitness. ER  - 
Cumulative effect of reproductive factors on ideal cardiovascular health in postmenopausal women; Purpose: To investigate whether co-occurring reproductive factors, which affects endogenous estrogen levels during a woman's life influence ideal cardiovascular health in postmenopausal women. Methods: By using data on a cross-sectional study with a convenience sample of 1,625 postmenopausal women (median age, 60.0 years) in a medical health checkup program at a general hospital in central south China 2013-2014, we examined the association between cumulative reproductive risk and ideal cardiovascular health in postmenopausal women. A cumulative risk score (range 0 to 4) was created by summing four reproductive risk factors (age at menarche, age at menopause, number of children, and pregnancy losses) present in each individual from binary variables in which 0 stands for favorable and 1 stands for less-than-favorable level. Ideal levels for each component in Life's Simple 7 (blood pressure, cholesterol, glucose, BMI, smoking, physical activity, and diet) were used to create an ideal Life's Simple 7 score [0-1 (low), 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6-7 (high)]. Results: Participants with earlier age at menarche (odds ratio [OR] = 0.42 [95% CI 0.26-0.48]), earlier age at menopause [0.46 (0.32-0.58)], who had more than three children (0.42 [0.38-0.56]) and had history of pregnancy losses [0.76 (0.66-0.92)] were more likely to attain low (0-1) ideal Life's Simple 7 after adjustment for age. Participants were more likely to attain low (0-1) ideal Life's Simple 7 as exposure to the number of reproductive risk factors increased [OR (95% CI) of 0.52 (0.42-0.66), 0.22 (0.16-0.26), and 0.16 (0.12-0.22) for cumulative reproductive risk scores of 1, 2, and 3 or 4, respectively, each versus 0]. Conclusions: The postmenopausal Chinese women with an increasing number of reproductive risk factors were progressively less likely to attain ideal levels of cardiovascular health factors. ER  - 
French Registry of Glycogenosis Type III: Phenotypic and genotypic description; Background: Glycogenosis type III (GSDIII) is a rare autosomic recessive metabolic disorder, due to a deficit in the debranching enzyme, encoded by the AGL gene, and is of both hepatic and muscular expression. Its evolution is typically two-phased: a pure metabolic impairment in childhood, improving at puberty; and later on muscular impairment characterized by exertion intolerance followed by permanent muscular weakness. Cardiac involvement is often encountered, without correlation with the severity or duration of muscular disease. Methods/Case Report: The French registry was created in 2014, constituted by nine centers. It prospectively retrieves genetic data, muscular, cardiac and clinical features, CPK levels in blood, and glucose tetrasaccharide (Glc4) levels in urine. This allows us, in a first time, to establish a genotypical and phenotypical description of a large cohort of GSDIII patients, and, in the future, to describe the natural history of the disease. Results: 44 patients have been included, with a mean age of 26 ± 15 [4-66]. 19 patients were under 20 years old. Molecular analysis showed a great variability, with a large majority of private mutations, except for a few ethno-geographic groups. Mean MFM score was 88.40% (± 17.07, 32-100). Mean 6-minute walking-test was 472 meters (±133, 50-677). 5 patients (11%) had difficulty walking, 3 were wheelchair-bound. Muscular involvement was more severe in older patients, but did not correlate with CPK or Glc4 dosages. Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, the most frequent cardiologic finding (56%), was associated with higher levels of CPK and Glc4. Discussion: This registry aims to collect epidemiologic, clinical, biological and therapeutical data on glycogenosis type III patients, and to further and better describe the disease and its evolution. Baseline analysis of the patients already allows us to identify some of the disease's characteristics, and prospective data will help us to determine its natural history. ER  - 
Central precocious puberty caused by a heterozygous deletion in the MKRN3 promoter region; Context: Loss-of-function mutations in the coding region of MKRN3, a maternally imprinted gene at chromosome 15q11.2, are a common cause of familial central precocious puberty (CPP). Whether MKRN3 alterations in regulatory regions can cause CPP has not been explored to date. We aimed to investigate potential pathogenic variants in the promoter region of MKRN3 in patients with idiopathic CPP. Patients/Methods: A cohort of 110 patients with idiopathic CPP was studied. Family history of precocious sexual development was present in 25%. Mutations in the coding region of MKRN3 were excluded in all patients. Genomic DNA was extracted from peripheral blood leukocytes, and 1,100 nucleotides (nt) of the 5′-regulatory region of MKRN3 were amplified and sequenced. Luciferase assays were performed in GT1-7 cells transiently transfected with plasmids containing mutated and wild-type MKRN3 promoter. Results: We identified a rare heterozygous 4-nt deletion (c.-150--147delTCAG; -38 to -41 nt upstream to the transcription start site) in the proximal promoter region of MKRN3 in a girl with CPP. In silico analysis predicted that this deletion would lead to the loss of a binding site for a downstream res-ponsive element antagonist modulator (DREAM), a potential transcription factor for MKRN3 and GNRH1 expression. Luciferase assays demonstrated a significant reduction of MKRN3 promoter activity in transfected cells with a c.-150-- 147delTCAG construct plasmid in both homozygous and heterozygous states when compared with cells transfected with the corresponding wild-type MKRN3 promoter region. Conclusion: A rare genetic alteration in the regulatory region of MKRN3 causes CPP. ER  - 
Is there evidence of insulin resistance in cystic fibrosis liver disease?; Introduction: The pathophysiology of cystic fibrosis-related diabetes (CFRD) is not completely understood, however, decreased insulin secretion is considered the primary defect. There is conflicting evidence on the role of insulin resistance (IR) in CFRD. IR is a common feature of non-CF liver disease. The aim of this study was to investigate whether liver disease (LD) contributes to IR in CF. Methods: Participants over the age of 8 enrolled in a long-term prospective study of cystic fibrosis liver disease (CFLD) were invited to participate in this study. CFLD was classified according to the North American Cystic Fibrosis Foundation guidelines as 1. CFLD, 2. Nonspecific CFLD, and 3. No liver disease (NoLD). CFRD was classified according to the American Diabetes Association guidelines as normal (fasting<5.6 mmol/L, 2h<7.8 mmol/L) or impaired (fasting≥5.6-6.9mmol/L, 2hr≥7.8-11.0mmol/L). Fasting insulin, glucose, and HOMA2 were compared between those with CFLD, and 2 control groups i) those with NoLD and impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) and ii) those with NoLD and normal glucose tolerance (NGT). Exclusion criteria included insulin therapy, nonspecific CFLD, type 1 diabetes mellitus, corticosteroid use, CFTR corrector therapies, FEV1<40% or a recent pulmonary exacerbation. As puberty influences IR, we analysed postpubertal participants separately and stratified this group based on gender. Fasting glucose (mmol/L) and fasting insulin (pmol/L) were measured using a hexokinase glucose assay method and a chemiluminescent microparticle immunoassay. Insulin resistance was determined using the HOMA2 Calculatorc(University of Oxford 2013). Data were presented as mean±SD and compared with ANOVA. P-value <0.05 was considered significant. Results: Seventy-one participants were included of whom 26 had CFLD (mean age 16.5±4.8 (M:19, 73.1%)),17 had no evidence of LD but were classified as IGT (mean age 15.7±4.3 (M:13, 76.5%)) and 28 had no evidence of LD with NGT (mean age 15.9±4.9 (M:19, 67.9%)). There was no evidence of IR in any of the 3 groups (CFLD 1.1±0.6, NoLD/IGT 0.86±0.36 and NoLD/NGT 0.90±0.36, p=ns). Glucose and insulin measures were similar in all 3 groups. Forty participants were postpubertal, of whom 15 had CFLD (mean age 20.1± 2.8 (M:10, 66.7%)), 11 had NoLD with IGT (mean age 18.2± 2.9 (M:9, 81.8%)) and 14 had NoLD with NGT (mean age 20.2±2.9 (M:9, 64.3%)). HOMA2 values were again similar between the groups (CFLD 0.96±0.37, NoLD/IGT 0.74±0.13, NoLD/NGT 0.96±0.36, p=ns). Those with CFLD and those with NoLD/IGT had significantly higher glucose measures compared to those with NoLD/NGT (CFLD 5.52±0.55, NoLD/IGT 5.63±0.23, NoLD/NGT 5.2±0.38, p=0.03). Insulin values were similar in all groups. A gender stratified analysis of postpubertal participants demonstrated females with CFLD had significantly higher insulin values compared to males (F:63.68±19.26, M:42.67±14.29, p=0.03) and were more insulin resistant compared to males with CFLD (F:1.23±0.39, M:0.82±0.28, p=0.03). There was no difference in insulin or HOMA2 values between males and females with NoLD/IGT or with NoLD/NGT. Glucose values were similar between males and females across all groups. Conclusion: Females with CFLD, known to have a more severe phenotype, are more insulin resistant than males with CFLD. ER  - 
“let's talk about sex” sexual and reproductive health in women with cystic fibrosis; With over half of all people with cystic fibrosis (CF) now over the age of eighteen (1), the CF team must adapt to the developing needs of the adult population. Adolescent and young adult (AYA) women with CF view sexual and reproductive health (SRH) as a key aspect of their emerging adulthood and comprehensive CF care (2,3). This is not surprising as SRH decisions are often the first medical care many AYAs seek independently from their parents (through obtaining contraception, sexually transmitted infection [STI] and/or pregnancy testing, or general gynecologic services). A vital part of “adulting” is making personal SRH decisions. It is important for the CF care team to recognize that AYA women with CF experience a variety of general and disease-specific SRH concerns (4). Historically, pubertal development and menarche were delayed up to two years in adolescent girls with CF; however, more recent analyses of registry and cross-sectional data demonstrate improved peak height velocity and menarchal delays of 0-8 months (5,6). Women with CF typically have normal menstruation, but many anecdotally report a worsening of respiratory symptoms during various stages of the ovulatory cycle. Female sex hormones are believed to modulate key components of CF physiology and estrogen has combined detrimental effects on infection, inflammation, and mucociliary clearance (7). Several CF disease outcomes, such as rates of pulmonary exacerbations and adverse changes in lung microbiology, worsen following the onset of puberty in female patients (8). Thus, women with CF continue to have a lower median survival relative to men (9). Hormonal contraceptive methods have been suggested as a potential treatment modality for women with CF who have worsened CF symptoms during their cycles (10). However, more research is needed to ascertain the etiology, prevalence, and management of this phenomenon. Urinary incontinence (UI) is common in AYA women with CF with an estimated prevalence ranging from 16-76% (11). The most common triggers are coughing, laughing, sneezing, physical activity, airway clearance, and spirometry. UI has the potential to interfere with CF management (including reticence to perform chest physiotherapy, exercise, and/or spirometry), cause personal embarrassment and worry, and inhibit social and intimate activities. Women with CF should be routinely screened for UI starting in childhood. Affected patients should be screened for CF-related diabetes and urinary tract infections and/or constipation should be identified and treated. Optimal treatment has not been fully explored, but evidence suggests pelvic floor strengthening and core exercises can be effective. AYA women with CF also report an increased prevalence of vaginal candidiasis (4). Onset is most commonly associated with antibiotic use, but CF-related diabetes, immunosuppression, and corticosteroid use are additional risk factors. Treatment with typical topical or oral antifungal medications is usually successful. Dosing adjustments are required for women taking CF modulator therapies. AYA women with CF engage in the same types of sexual behaviors and activities as their peers without CF and report similar age of onset, rates, and number of partners as the general population (4,6). No differences have been found in the sexual orientation of women with CF compared to the general population (6). A variety of concerns regarding sexual functioning in AYA women with CF have been reported, including coughing, hemoptysis, and excessive flatulence during or after sex (6). Women with CF should be reassured that sexual functioning issues are common. Use of short-acting bronchodilators and airway clearance techniques 20 to 30 minutes before sexual activity may lessen respiratory symptoms. Sexual positions that require less energy and decrease pressure on the chest should be encouraged. STIs and cervical screening in women with CF are understudied. This population is expected to have a normal response to most STIs; however, hepatitis B and C infections risk a poorer prognosis, especially in the setting of CF-related liver disease. AYA women with CF report a similar prevalence of STIs, but lower rates of STI screening compared to the general population (12). A recent French study of adult women with CF found that approximately one-quarter lack regular gynecologic follow-up and only 55% report a previous Pap smear (13). In the US, AYA women with CF and the general population obtain the human papillovirus (HPV) immunization at nearly equal (but notably suboptimal) rates (44% vs. 43%) (6). As women with CF can be considered for organ transplantation and immunosuppression is associated with a heightened risk of cervical dysplasia, routine cervical and STI screening along with universal HPV vaccination is crucial (14). All contraceptive options are available to women with CF, but recent reviews highlight the lack of evidence surrounding contraception in this population (15,16). The interplay of CF-specific risk factors, such as medication interactions, CF-related liver disease, CF-related diabetes, bone health, and implantable vascular access devices, complicates contraceptive decisions for AYA women with CF (4). Provision of effective contraception that aligns with women's priorities is crucial as most women with CF are fertile and pregnancy is best planned. Unfortunately, AYA women with CF report low rates of contraceptive counseling and use (12,17,18). Women's health providers should partner with CF teams to identify the best method for each woman. Women with CF can become pregnant. However, the CF pregnancy rate is significantly reduced compared to the general population (27.2 per 1000 women with CF vs 102.1 per 1000 U.S. women aged 15- 44 years in 2009) (19). Many mechanisms may limit the fertility of women with CF (20). Thicker cervical mucus without normal cyclical variation may inhibit the motility of sperm in the female reproductive tract. Increased adhesion of mucus in CF may also be associated with altered bicarbonate transport leading to suboptimal sperm capacitation. Despite these potential concerns, it should be assumed that all women with CF, including those with severe lung disease, are fertile. Pregnancy is increasing in women with CF and many women deliver healthy infants with little effect on their own health despite increased respiratory, cardiovascular, and metabolic demands. Overall, women with CF who become pregnant have better pulmonary function, nutritional status, and fewer CF complications than those who do not (21). During pregnancy, it is well-recognized that women experience transient decreases in pulmonary function, increased diagnoses of insulin-dependent diabetes, and increased need for treatment (including outpatient visits, antibiotics, and/or hospitalization). All pregnancies in women with CF are deemed high-risk and success requires multidisciplinary care from the CF team and women's health providers (22). Reproductive decision making for women with CF is complicated and involves consideration of the effect of pregnancy and parenting on health, the risk of CF in offspring, and the practical, emotional, and ethical considerations of raising children while facing increasing morbidity and reduced life expectancy (23). Despite these concerns, recent studies have found that the majority of young women with CF (87%) desire to have future children (6). The CF team should discuss parenthood desires with all patients and explore the variety of family-building options, including pregnancy, adoption, surrogacy, and foster care. Many AYAs with CF view their subspecialist as their “main physician” or De facto primary care provider (24). Thus, as AYA women with CF may selectively seek SRH care with their CF doctor, building collaborative models that harness the expertise of all health care providers may help with SRH care delivery, education, and the transition process. It is imperative that the CF team routinely address SRH and coordinate SRH services with primary care and women's health specialists (4). Optimizing SRH care for those with CF may lead to improvements in this population's overall transition readiness and ownership over other disease-specific aspects of their health. ER  - 
Long-term safety of α-1 antitrypsin therapy in children and adolescents with Type 1 diabetes; Promising findings of α-1 antitrypsin (AAT) intervention in mice models of Type 1 diabetes (T1D) led researchers to investigate AAT as a therapeutic modality for β-cell preservation in recent-onset T1D patients. Our prospective, open-label Phase I/II extension study demonstrated that the administration of multiple repeated AAT infusions (up to 36) to AAT-sufficient pediatric T1D patients is safe and well-tolerated. Long-term surveillance of participants (up to 5 years) from diabetes onset revealed normal growth and pubertal progression through adolescence to attainment of full puberty and near adult height. No serious adverse events, clinical or laboratory abnormalities were reported. Given its safety profile, AAT may be an individualized-tailored innovative immunotherapy in AAT-sufficient pediatric patients with diverse immune-related medical conditions. ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT0166119. ER  - 
Clinical characteristics and prognosis of young filipino women ages 30 and below with endometrial cancer: A ten-year retrospective cohort study; Background and Aims: Endometrial cancer is more common in the postmenopausal age group. Recently, more cases were seen in younger women. No study yet focused on the occurrence of endometrial cancer in 30 years old or younger in the Philippines. This study aimed to determine the clinico-pathologic characteristics and prognosis of young women diagnosed with endometrial cancer. Methods: This was a ten-year retrospective cohort study of endometrial cancer patients 30 years and below, treated conservatively and/or surgically including adjuvant treatment in Philippine General Hospital from January 2004 to December 2013. Data included were age at diagnosis, presenting symptom, body mass index (BMI), gravidity, parity, menstrual history, oral contraceptive use, history of diabetes, hypertension, and history of breast, colon, endometrial or ovarian cancer; histology, grade, myometrial invasion, staging, lympho-vascular space invasion and lymph node and adnexal involvements. Survival and time to recurrence were noted. Data were encoded in MS Excel and analyzed using SPSS software. Kaplan-Meier analysis with Log-rank test were used. Results: There were 47 subjects. The youngest was 21; median age was 26. Median BMI was 27 kg/m2. Menarche was 12 but most had irregular menstruation. Most were nulligravid and no history of oral contraceptive use. Most had no family history of cancer and no risk factors. Most subjects complained of heavy menstrual bleeding. Ten subjects had an ultrasound finding of thickened endometrium, two with polycystic ovaries, one with sonologic impression of complete abortion and one with molar pregnancy on ultrasound. One patient was diagnosed with endometrial cancer after a fertility work-up. 72% of the subjects had endometrial adenocarcinoma, endometrioid type. 38% were stage 1A. The longest survival was 5 years and 2 months. No statistical difference on survival across age groups below 30. Conclusions: Suspicion is still rational for young patients with abnormal uterine bleeding, thickened endometrium or grossly benign polyp even without risk factors nor family history of endometrial cancer. (Figure Presented) . ER  - 
Nutritional quality of food as represented by the FSAm-NPS nutrient profiling system underlying the Nutri-Score label and cancer risk in Europe: Results from the EPIC prospective cohort study; Background: Helping consumers make healthier food choices is a key issue for the prevention of cancer and other diseases. In many countries, political authorities are considering the implementation of a simplified labelling system to reflect the nutritional quality of food products. The Nutri-Score, a five-colour nutrition label, is derived from the Nutrient Profiling System of the British Food Standards Agency (modified version) (FSAm-NPS). How the consumption of foods with high/low FSAm-NPS relates to cancer risk has been studied in national/regional cohorts but has not been characterized in diverse European populations. Methods and findings: This prospective analysis included 471,495 adults from the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC, 1992–2014, median follow-up: 15.3 y), among whom there were 49,794 incident cancer cases (main locations: breast, n = 12,063; prostate, n = 6,745; colon-rectum, n = 5,806). Usual food intakes were assessed with standardized country-specific diet assessment methods. The FSAm-NPS was calculated for each food/beverage using their 100-g content in energy, sugar, saturated fatty acid, sodium, fibres, proteins, and fruits/vegetables/legumes/nuts. The FSAm-NPS scores of all food items usually consumed by a participant were averaged to obtain the individual FSAm-NPS Dietary Index (DI) scores. Multi-adjusted Cox proportional hazards models were computed. A higher FSAm-NPS DI score, reflecting a lower nutritional quality of the food consumed, was associated with a higher risk of total cancer (HRQ5 versus Q1 = 1.07; 95% CI 1.03–1.10, P-trend < 0.001). Absolute cancer rates in those with high and low (quintiles 5 and 1) FSAm-NPS DI scores were 81.4 and 69.5 cases/10,000 person-years, respectively. Higher FSAm-NPS DI scores were specifically associated with higher risks of cancers of the colon-rectum, upper aerodigestive tract and stomach, lung for men, and liver and postmenopausal breast for women (all P < 0.05). The main study limitation is that it was based on an observational cohort using self-reported dietary data obtained through a single baseline food frequency questionnaire; thus, exposure misclassification and residual confounding cannot be ruled out. Conclusions: In this large multinational European cohort, the consumption of food products with a higher FSAm-NPS score (lower nutritional quality) was associated with a higher risk of cancer. This supports the relevance of the FSAm-NPS as underlying nutrient profiling system for front-of-pack nutrition labels, as well as for other public health nutritional measures. ER  - 
Age at initiation of antiretroviral therapy predicts low bone density in Zimbabwean children with vertically acquired HIV infection; Objectives: Global roll-out of antiretroviral therapy (ART) means more children with vertically acquired HIV infection are surviving into adolescence; however, impacts on bone and muscle development are unclear. We aimed to understand the epidemiology of bone density, muscle mass, and function in HIV-infected (HIV+) and uninfected (HIV-) Sub-Saharan African children. Methods: We performed cross-sectional analyses in a population of HIV+ children receiving ART for >6 months and HIV-children attending primary health clinics in the same region of Zimbabwe (aged 6 to 16 years). Bone density was assessed by DXA and total-body less-head bone mineral content for lean mass adjusted for height (TBLH-BMCLBM) and L1 to L4 lumbar spine bone mineral apparent density (LS-BMAD) Z-scores were derived. Differences in TBLH-BMCLBM Z-score, LS-BMAD Z-score, muscle mass, and strength were assessed by multivariable linear regression, adjusting for age, sex, and puberty (and height except for TBLH-BMCLBM Z-score). Results: 97 HIV+ children (mean age 12.7 [SD 2.5] years, 53% female) and 77 HIV-children (10.0 [2.9] years, 52% female) were assessed. HIV+ children were older and hence taller (141.5 cm [11.4] versus 134.0cm [16.6]); however, stunted growth (height for age Z-score <-2) was more prevalent in HIV+ children (32% vs 5%;p<0.01). Low TBLH-BMCLBM and LS-BMAD (Z-score <-2) were also more common in HIV+ children (13% versus 3% and 15% versus 1%, respectively, both p < 0.01). In adjusted analyses, LS-BMAD Z-score was 0.33 SD lower (95% CI-0.01, 0.67) in HIV+ children (p-0.055), but no differences were observed in TBLH-BMCLBM, lean mass, or grip strength. Age at ART initiation was inversely associated with both TBLH-BMCLBM and LS-BMAD Z-scores, with a 1-year delay associated with a0.08 SD decrease in TBLH-BMCLBM (p-0.027) and a 0.13 SD decrease in LS-BMAD (p < 0.01). Tenofovir use was associated with substantially lower LS-BMAD. Conclusion: Vertically acquired HIV infection is associated with stunting and, after accounting for body size, low LS-BMAD, suggesting HIV infection detrimentally affects trabecular bone development. Delays in initiating ART appear to significantly impact bone density. Findings demonstrate the detrimental impact of delayed diagnosis and highlight the need for immediate ART initiation. ER  - 
Factors affecting height velocity in normal prepubertal children; Purpose: To analyze the effects of clinical and laboratory factors, including insulin-like growth factor (IGF) levels, on the height velocity of normal prepubertal children. Methods: Ninety-five healthy prepubertal children (33 boys, 62 girls) were enrolled. The mean chronological age was 6.3±1.4 years, with a height standard deviation score (SDS) of-0.88±0.70. IGF-1, IGF binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3), SDS for anthropometric measurements, and changes in SDS for anthropometric measurements were analyzed for 1 year, and their associations with 1-year height velocity were investigated. Results: The group of children with a 1-year height velocity of ≥6 cm were chronologically younger than the group with a 1-year height velocity of <6 cm (5.9±1.3 years vs. 6.7±1.3 years, P=0.004), with a lesser increase of SDS for body mass index (BMI) over 1 year (-0.18±0.68 vs. 0.13±0.53, P=0.014). There were no differences between the 2 groups in IGF-1 SDS and IGFBP-3 SDS. Multiple linear regression showed that baseline chronological age (r=0.243, P=0.026) and height SDS (r=0.236, P=0.030) were positively associated with IGF-1 SDS. Binomial logistic regression showed that an older chronologic age at referral (odds ratio [OR], 0.68; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.47–0.99) and an increase of BMI SDS over 1 year (OR, 0.41; 95% CI, 0.18–0.89) were associated with a decreased growth possibility of an above-average height velocity (≥6 cm/yr). Conclusion: Height velocity of normal prepubertal children is affected by an increase of BMI SDS and chronological age. Prepubertal IGF-1 SDS reflects height SDS at the time of measurement but is not associated with subsequent height velocity. ER  - 
Effective sociodemographic and clinical factors in weight loss in childhood obesity; Aim: Obesity is a more common and important health problem in childhood. We aimed to determine sociodemographic and clinical factors contributing weight loss. Material and Methods: Medical records of 120 obese patients (6-18 years old) applied at least twice for follow-up between 2012 (Janu-ary)-2016 (September) were reviewed. Age, gender, socioeconomic status, family obesity, comorbidities, medications, operations, exercise frequency, screen time, physical examination findings and bioc-hemical/hormone values [thyroid hormone, fasting insulin/glucose, cholesterol levels, Homeostasis model assesment insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), oral glucose tolerance test results (if applied) were recorded. Patients with a difference between the initial and last body mass index standart deviation higher than-0.2 were defined as “the good losing weight” group; the rest as “the poorly losing weight” group. The SPSS 22.0 program was used for analyzes. Results: Puberty stage showed a significant difference (p=0,019); 65% of patients in the poorly losing weight group but 54% of other group were at stage 4-5. The initial body mass index standart deviation and exercise frequency were higher in the good losing weight group, the last measured body mass index standart deviation was lower (p=0). In the other group, baseline HOMA-IR was higher (p=0.037); there were more metformin-initiated patients but the difference was not significant. Conclusion: We observed that exercise frequency was higher in cases with good weight loss; therefore, we consider that increasing physical activity is an important step. Other crucial outcomes are that the initial body mass index standart deviation is higher while HOMA-IR is lower in those cases and that puberty stage is higher in poorly weight losing patients. ER  - 
Symptomatic Rathke cleft cyst in paediatric patients-clinical presentations, surgical treatment and postoperative outcomes-an analysis of 38 cases; Rathke cleft cysts (RCC) are benign, epithelium-lined intrasellar and/or suprasellar cysts believed to originate from the remnants of the Rathke pouch. The aim of this study was to analyse the symptoms and surgical outcome of patients with the diagnosis of RCC verified in a histopathological examination of the postoperative material. The study is a retrospective analysis of 38 cases of children who underwent a neurosurgical treatment due to RCC at the Children's Memorial Health Institute in Warsaw, Poland, between 1994 and 2015. At diagnosis, the mean age was 13 years and 8 months (6 years and 11 months-17 years and 10 months, sex ratio was 1:0.9 with a female prevalence). The most common symptoms were the following: headache (50%), hypothyroidism (50%), short stature and/or decreased growth velocity (47%), delayed puberty and menstrual abnormalities (37%), diabetes insipidus or polydipsia and polyuria (26%), adrenal dysfunction (26%), sleepiness and general weakness (13%) and visual disturbances (11%). Due to the gravity of symptoms and size of the lesion, all the patients underwent a surgical treatment. All but one were successful (one patient died due to postoperative neurosurgical complications). The most common postoperative complications were the following: adenohypopituitarism (67%) and diabetes insipidus (45%). RCC can present with serious symptoms that significantly deteriorate patients' quality of life. Despite a successful neurosurgical treatment in most of the analysed cases, patients required long-term pharmacological treatment. ER  - 
Switching From Glargine to Degludec: The effect on metabolic control and safety during 1-year of real clinical practice in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes; Background/Objective: Insulin degludec (IDeg) is an ultra-long-acting analog with less daily variability compared to other basal insulins. In this retrospective study we examined 1-year efficacy and safety of IDeg in youth with type 1 diabetes (T1D). Subjects/Methods: Thirty-seven patients [11.7 ± 4.22 years; T1D duration 4.97 ± 3.63 years; once-daily glargine (IGlar) by at least 1 year] were switched to once-daily IDeg because of glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) > 7.5% and/or reported physical pain at IGlar injection. Changes in HbA1c, 30-day mean fasting plasma glucose (mean FPG), daily insulin dose, and severe hypoglycemia rates were collected at basal insulin switch (T0), 3-months (T1), 6-months (T2), and 12-months (T3) after IDeg was started. Results: In patients with HbA1c > 7.5% at T0 we found a decrease in HbA1c values (%) from 8.46 ± 0.53 to 7.89 ± 0.72 at T1 (p = 0.008) and 7.97 ± 0.89 at T2 (p = 0.035). At T3, 38.9% of patients had HbA1c ≤7.5%. Mean FPG levels significantly decreased at T2 (p = 0.043). In the overall study population, we documented an increase in IDeg dose (+12.5% at T3; p < 0.001) and a decrease in mealtime insulin dose (-11.6% at T3; p = 0.001) after switch. HbA1c levels were unchanged. No episode of severe hypoglycemia was reported. Conclusions: Our data in children and adolescents with T1D suggest that IDeg dose should be increased by 12% and mealtime insulin doses should be lowered by 11% for patients who previously received IGlar. IDeg might be considered useful and well tolerated and it seems to improve the glycemic control compared to IGlar, mainly in patients with poor glycemic control. ER  - 
Analysis of cardiovascular disease risk factors in women; AIM: Study the cardiovascular risk factors in a feminine population vulnerable to cardiovascular events particularly to evaluate the principal factors or possible confounding variables. METHODS: This is a cross-sectional descriptive study. Were analysed all the female patients from the Cardiovascular Rehabilitation Institute of Sports Medicine of Caxias do Sul who had the complete information on cardiovascular disease history, comorbidities and habits and who knew the complete gynaecological history by a phone interview. RESULTS: A group of 91 patients were analysed. About the comorbidities and habits, 45.2% of these patients presented some tobacco load, 82.4% are hypertensive, 61.5% are dyslipidemic, 25.3% are diabetic and the BMI average was 29.27 (overweight). Between the patients who undergone a hysterectomy and had an episode of the acute coronary syndrome (10 patients), 70% had the event after the procedure. Between the post-menopause women with at least one episode of the acute coronary syndrome, 80.5% (33 patients) had the first event after the menopause. CONCLUSION: We found multiple lifetime risk factors that predisposed the women of the sample to have cardiovascular disease. Between the women with specific to women risk factors and without, the prevalence of cardiovascular disease was very similar. This information supports the idea that these are just confounding factors of CVD and the principals involved are the genetic factors and habits. For this reason, the focus of CVD prevention and treatment should be directed towards these aspects. ER  - 
Body iron status of children and adolescents with transfusion dependent β-thalassaemia: trends of serum ferritin and associations of optimal body iron control; OBJECTIVE: This cross sectional study aims to describe the body iron status, trends of serum ferritin and associations of optimal body iron control in patients aged below 16 years with transfusion dependent β-thalassaemia attending Paediatric and Adolescent Thalassaemia Centres of the Colombo North Teaching Hospital of Sri Lanka. RESULTS: Out of 54 children, 51% were males and a majority were aged 11-16 years; 83% had β-thalassaemia major while 13% had HbE β-thalassaemia. Mean serum ferritin was 1778(± 1458) µg/l and 29% had optimal serum ferritin (below 1000 µg/l). Trend of mean serum ferritin over time showed gradual decline between 2011 and 2017 and longitudinal trend of individual patients at yearly intervals showed gradual rise until 5 years of age and plateauing thereafter. All except two patients were receiving iron chelator medication of which the most commonly used was oral deferasirox (92%). The most common iron-related complications were short stature (24.1%) and pubertal delay (42.8% of > 14 years). None of the patients had hypothyroidism, hypoparathyroidism or diabetes. Optimal serum ferritin levels were significantly associated with the diagnosis of thalassaemia at a later age (23.6 vs 9.0 months) and higher family income (OR-4.81;95%CI 1.17-19.67) however was not associated with the age of the patient or duration of transfusion. ER  - 
Diagnostic Evaluation, Comorbidity Screening, and Treatment of Polycystic Ovary Syndrome in Adolescents in 3 Specialty Clinics; Study Objective: A polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) diagnosis in adolescence can have significant long-term health implications. The criteria for its diagnosis in adolescents have been subject to much debate. In this study we aimed to characterize the variability in diagnosis and management among different pediatric specialties. Design, Setting, Participants, and Interventions: This was a retrospective review of electronic medical records of female patients (11-21 years old) who presented to 3 specialties (adolescent medicine [ADO], pediatric endocrinology [ENDO], and gynecology [GYN]), with a postvisit diagnosis of PCOS, menstrual disorders, or hirsutism, at a large tertiary care center, from November 1, 2011 to October 31, 2012. Demographic, clinical, laboratory, and treatment data were abstracted. Main Outcome Measures: Testing for diagnosis of PCOS and its comorbidities, and treatment strategies in the 3 pediatric specialties. Results: One hundred forty-one patients (50 ADO, 48 ENDO, and 43 GYN) were eligible. Testing for hyperandrogenemia (17-hydroxy-progesterone, dehydroepiandrosterone, estradiol), thyroxine, and use of pelvic ultrasound differed among specialties. Providers failed to document weight concerns in 28.3% (29 of 101) of overweight or obese patients. Patients seen by ENDO were most likely, and GYN least likely, to be identified as having elevated weight, and to be tested for glucose abnormalities, dyslipidemia, and liver disease. ENDO providers prescribed metformin more often and hormonal therapy less often than ADO and GYN. Conclusion: There is considerable variability across pediatric specialties in the evaluation of PCOS, with significant underassessment of comorbidities. Use of unified guidelines, including for the evaluation of comorbidities, would improve evidence-based management of adolescent PCOS. ER  - 
Diagnosis and management of postnatal fetal growth restriction; Fetal growth restriction (FGR) can result from multiple causes, such as genetic, epigenetic, environment, hormonal regulation, or vascular troubles and their potential interaction. The physiopathology of FGR is not yet fully elucidated, but the insulin-like growth factor system is known to play a central role. Specific clinical features can lead to the identification of genetic syndromes in some patients. FGR leads to multiple global health concerns, from the perinatal period, with higher morbidity/mortality, through infancy, with neurodevelopmental, growth, and metabolic issues, to the onset of puberty and later in life, with subfertility and elevated risks of cardiovascular and kidney diseases. Adequate follow-up and therapeutics should be offered to these patients. We first review the main molecular etiologies leading to FGR and their specificities. We then highlight the main issues that FGR can raise later in life before concluding with the proposed management of these children. ER  - 
The Diagnostic Value of Anti-Müllerian Hormone in Early Post Menarche Adolescent Girls with Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome; Study Objective: Polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) is a common endocrine disorder characterized by hyperandrogenism and chronic anovulation, which affects 5%-10% of reproductive-age women. Diagnosis of adult patients with PCOS is made easily with clinical and laboratory methods and the anti-Müllerian hormone (AMH) level are accepted as a good indicator. However, there is still no complete consensus on the diagnosis of PCOS in adolescents. Design and Setting: Prospective cohort study, December 2013 to November 2014. Participants: The study was conducted on adolescent girls with oligomenorrhea, with at least 2 years since menarche. The study group consisted of adolescent girls with complete PCOS and incomplete PCOS. A control group was formed of healthy adolescent girls. Complete PCOS was diagnosed according to the Rotterdam criteria, as the presence of all the following characteristics: oligomenorrhea, hyperandrogenism, and polycystic ovarian morphology on ultrasound image. Incomplete PCOS was accepted as “oligomenorrhea and polycystic ovarian morphology,” or “oligomenorrhea and hyperandrogenism.” Interventions and Main Outcome Measures: All patients underwent a physical examination and the anthropometric assessments, insulin resistance, and acanthosis nigricans were recorded. It was also noted whether or not the patient had an acne score. The Ferriman-Gallwey score was applied to evaluate hirsutism. Results: The results of this study showed that no statistically significant difference was found between the PCOS and incomplete PCOS groups and the control group with respect to AMH levels. Conclusion: The use of adult-specific diagnostic methods in adolescence might result in an incomplete diagnosis and inadequate treatment plan. Although the serum AMH level clearly facilitates the diagnosis of PCOS, the use of the AMH level in adolescence in PCOS diagnosis is still controversial and further studies are needed. ER  - 
Relationships of Anxiety and Depression with Cardiovascular Health in Youth with Normal Weight to Severe Obesity; Objective: To evaluate the relationships of depression and anxiety symptoms with cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors and measures of vascular health in youth. Study design: Participants (n = 202) were 8- to 18-year-olds from a cross-sectional study evaluating cardiovascular health across a wide range of body mass index values (normal weight to severe obesity). CVD risk measurement included blood pressure, fasting lipids, glucose, insulin, carotid artery intima-media thickness, compliance and distensibility, brachial artery flow-mediated dilation, carotid-radial artery pulse wave velocity, body fat percentage, and a metabolic syndrome cluster score. Anxiety and depression symptoms were self-reported on the Screen for Child Anxiety Related Disorders and Center for Epidemiological Studies Depression Scale for Children. Two sets of adjustment variables were used in evaluation of differences between those with and without anxiety or depression symptomatology for the CVD risk factor and vascular outcomes. The first set included adjustment for Tanner stage, sex, and race; the second was additionally adjusted for percent body fat. Results: Anxiety was not significantly associated with CVD risk factors or vascular health in either model. Depression was associated with high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, and metabolic syndrome cluster score; these relationships were attenuated when accounting for percent body fat. Conclusions: When accounting for body fat, we found no clear relationship of self-reported depression or anxiety symptoms with CVD risk factors or vascular health in youth. ER  - 
Sagittal abdominal diameter resembles waist circumference as a surrogate marker of insulin resistance in adolescents—Brazilian Metabolic Syndrome Study; Objective: To evaluate the association of the sagittal abdominal diameter (SAD) with insulin resistance (IR) and metabolic syndrome (MetS) components, and to compare SAD with waist circumference (WC). Subjects/Methods: This was a multicenter, cross-sectional study of 520 adolescents (10- to 18-years old). IR was assessed using the homeostasis model assessment of IR (HOMA-IR) and the hyperglycaemic clamp (n = 76). Results: SAD and WC were positively correlated with HOMA-IR (r = 0.637 and r = 0.653) and inversely correlated with the clamp-derived insulin sensitivity index (ISI) (r = −0.734 and r = −0.731); P <.001. In the multivariable linear regression analysis, SAD was positively associated with HOMA-IR (B = 0.046 ± 0.003) and inversely associated with the clamp-derived ISI (B = −0.084 ± 0.009) after adjusting for sex, age, and Tanner's stages (P <.001). When WC replaced the SAD, it was positively associated with HOMA-IR (B = 0.011 ± 0.001) and inversely associated with the clamp-derived ISI (B = −0.018 ± 0.002); P <.001. The values of the areas under the curves (AUC) were 0.823 and 0.813 for SAD and WC, respectively. In Bland-Altman analysis, there were agreement between both, SAD and WC, with the clamp-derived ISI (mean = 0.00; P >.05). The SAD and WC were positively associated with blood pressure, triglycerides, and uric acid, and inversely associated with high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol after adjusting for sex, age, and Tanner's stages. Conclusion: The SAD was associated with IR and MetS components, with a good discriminatory power for detecting IR. When compared to WC, SAD showed equivalent results. ER  - 
A longitudinal study of serum insulin-like growth factor-I levels over 6 years in a large cohort of children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus: A marker reflecting diabetic retinopathy; Objective: To evaluate longitudinal serum insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) in a large cohort of children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes in relation to hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), age, diabetes duration, and body mass index (BMI), its association to height and retinopathy, and in comparison with healthy subject references. Methods: A total of 2683 serum IGF-I values were obtained from 806 children and adolescents with T1DM, from annual blood samples for up to 6 consecutive years. Results: In a multiple regression analysis IGF-I values were negatively correlated to HbA1c and diabetes duration, and positively correlated to BMI (P <.001, P <.001, and P <.001, respectively, adjusted r2 = 0.102). Children and adolescents with T1DM had lower mean IGF-I levels and reference interval limits compared to healthy subjects. In boys, mean (SD) IGF-I SD score (SDS) levels were −1.04 (±1.3) calculated from the healthy reference. IGF-I peaked at 15 years of age, similarly to healthy controls, but with markedly lower levels in late puberty. Girls were more affected at later stages of puberty but with a slightly less depressed overall mean IGF-I SDS of −0.69 (±1.2). In a subgroup of 746 subjects with fundus photography, a negative correlation was seen between individual mean IGF-I SDS and preproliferative retinopathy (P =.004, adjusted r2 = 0.021). In another subgroup of 84 adolescents, no correlation was seen between individual mean IGF-I SDS and target height SDS or distance to target height SDS. Conclusion: Poor metabolic control and diabetes duration impact negatively on serum IGF-I levels. A low individual mean IGF-I level was associated with progression of retinopathy independently of HbA1c, age, gender, and diabetes duration. Disease, sex and age related IGF-I SDS may become clinical helpful as a supplement to HbA1c in predicting the long-term outcome for children and adolescents with T1DM. ER  - 
Long-term outcomes and molecular analysis of a large cohort of patients with 46,XY disorder of sex development due to partial gonadal dysgenesis; Background: Follow-up data on patients with 46,XY partial gonadal dysgenesis (PGD) until adulthood are scarce, making information on prognosis difficult. Objective: To analyse the long-term outcomes of patients with 46,XY PGD regarding testosterone production, germ cell tumour risk, genotype and psychosexual adaptation. Methods: A retrospective longitudinal study of 33 patients (20 assigned male and 13 patients assigned female at birth). Molecular diagnosis was performed by Sanger sequencing or by targeted massively parallel sequencing of 63 genes related to disorders of sex development (DSDs). Results: Age at first and last visit ranged from 0.1 to 43 and from 17 to 53 years, respectively. Spontaneous puberty was observed in 57% of the patients. During follow-up, six of them had a gonadectomy (four due to female gender, and two because of a gonadal tumour). At last evaluation, five of six patients had adult male testosterone levels (median 16.7 nmol/L, range 15.3-21.7 nmol/L) and elevated LH and FSH levels. Germ cell tumours were found in two postpubertal patients (one with an abdominal gonad and one patient with Frasier syndrome). Molecular diagnosis was possible in 11 patients (33%). NR5A1 variants were the most prevalent molecular defects (n = 6), and four of five patients harbouring them developed spontaneous puberty. Gender change was observed in four patients, two from each sex assignment group; all patients reported satisfaction with their gender at final evaluation. Sexual intercourse was reported by 81% of both gender and 82% of them reported satisfaction with their sexual lives. Conclusion: Spontaneous puberty was observed in 57% of the patients with 46,XY PGD, being NR5A1 defects the most prevalent ones among all the patients and in those with spontaneous puberty. Gender change due to gender dysphoria was reported by 12% of the patients. All the patients reported satisfaction with their final gender, and most of them with their sexual life. ER  - 
Vitamin D insufficiency is associated with insulin resistance independently of obesity in primary schoolchildren. The healthy growth study; Objectives: To explore the associations of vitamin D status and obesity with insulin resistance (IR) in children. Methods: A sample of 2282 schoolchildren (9-13 years old) in Greece was examined. Sociodemographic, anthropometric (weight, height), biochemical (fasting plasma glucose, serum insulin and 25(OH)D), pubertal status and physical activity data were collected, using standard methods. The “Vitamin D Standardization Program” protocol was applied to standardize serum 25(OH)D values. Results: The prevalence of vitamin D insufficiency (serum 25(OH)D < 50 nmol/L) was higher in obese children compared to their over- and normal-weight counterparts (60.5% vs 51.6% and 51%, P =.017). Furthermore, children with IR (both obese and non-obese) had higher prevalence of vitamin D insufficiency compared to non-obese, non-insulin resistant children (66% and 59.2% vs 49.8%, P <.05), possibly indicating that IR is associated with vitamin D insufficiency, independently of obesity. In line with the above, the results from logistic regression analyses controlled for several potential confounders, showed a 1.48 (95% C.I: 1.2-1.84) higher likelihood for vitamin D insufficiency for insulin resistant children compared to the non-insulin resistant ones, while no significant association was observed with obesity. Conclusions: The present study revealed a high prevalence of vitamin D insufficiency among schoolchildren in Greece, particularly among obese and insulin resistant ones. In addition, it highlighted that the significant association of vitamin D insufficiency with IR is possibly independent of obesity. Further clinical trials are needed to confirm this possible independent association but also explore the potential beneficial effect of vitamin D supplementation on IR and possibly on weight management too. ER  - 
The association between age at menarche and later risk of gestational diabetes is mediated by insulin resistance; Aims: Associations have been reported between age at menarche and the later risk of gestational diabetes. However, it is not known whether these associations reflect differences in insulin sensitivity and/or pancreatic β-cell function in pregnancy. Methods: We examined this question in women enrolled in the prospective Cambridge Baby Growth Study who recalled their age at menarche in questionnaires during pregnancy. Polynomial logistic and linear regression models were used to relate menarche timing to the risk of gestational diabetes, both unadjusted and adjusted for the Homeostasis Model Assessments of insulin resistance (HOMA IR) and pancreatic β-cell function (HOMA B) at week 28 of pregnancy. Results: Age at menarche showed a U-shaped association with gestational diabetes risk (linear term: p = 9.5 × 10−4; quadratic term: p = 1.0 × 10−3; n = 889; overall model p = 8.1 × 10−3). Age at menarche showed a negative linear association with insulin resistance (HOMA IR: β = −0.13, p = 5.2 × 10−4, n = 771), which explained the relationship between age at menarche and gestational diabetes risk (adjusted linear term going from p = 0.03–0.08; adjusted quadratic term going from p = 0.04–0.08; n = 771). Age at menarche also showed a negative linear association with β-cell function (HOMA B: β = −0.11, p = 2.8 × 10−3, n = 771) but this did not attenuate the relationship between age at menarche and gestational diabetes (adjusted linear term p = 0.02; adjusted quadratic term p = 0.03, n = 771). Conclusions: These results suggest that the associations between age at menarche and risk of gestational diabetes and raised pregnancy glucose concentrations may be mediated by insulin resistance. ER  - 
Genetic and Epigenetic Defects at the GNAS Locus Lead to Distinct Patterns of Skeletal Growth but Similar Early-Onset Obesity; Pseudohypoparathyroidism type 1A (PHP1A), pseudoPHP (PPHP), and PHP type 1B (PHP1B) are caused by maternal and paternal GNAS mutations and abnormal methylation at maternal GNAS promoter(s), respectively. Adult PHP1A patients are reportedly obese and short, whereas most PPHP patients are born small. In addition to parathyroid hormone (PTH) resistance, PHP1A and PHP1B patients may display early-onset obesity. Because early-onset and severe obesity and short stature are daily burdens for PHP1A patients, we aimed at improving knowledge on the contribution of the GNAS transcripts to fetal and postnatal growth and fat storage. Through an international collaboration, we collected growth and weight data from birth until adulthood for 306 PHP1A/PPHP and 220 PHP1B patients. PHP1A/PPHP patients were smaller at birth than healthy controls, especially PPHP (length Z-score: PHP1A –1.1 ± 1.8; PPHP –3.0 ± 1.5). Short stature is observed in 64% and 59% of adult PHP1A and PPHP patients. PHP1B patients displayed early postnatal overgrowth (height Z-score at 1 year: 2.2 ± 1.3 and 1.3 ± 1.5 in autosomal dominant and sporadic PHP1B) followed by a gradual decrease in growth velocity resulting in normal adult height (Z-score for both: –0.4 ± 1.1). Early-onset obesity characterizes GNAS alterations and is associated with significant overweight and obesity in adults (bodey mass index [BMI] Z-score: 1.4 ± 2.6, 2.1 ± 2.0, and 1.4 ± 1.9 in PPHP, PHP1A, and PHP1B, respectively), indicating that reduced Gsα expression is a contributing factor. The growth impairment in PHP1A/PPHP may be due to Gsα haploinsufficiency in the growth plates; the paternal XLαs transcript likely contributes to prenatal growth; for all disease variants, a reduced pubertal growth spurt may be due to accelerated growth plate closure. Consequently, early diagnosis and close follow-up is needed in patients with GNAS defects to screen and intervene in case of early-onset obesity and decreased growth velocity. © 2018 The Authors. Journal of Bone and Mineral Research Published by Wiley Periodicals, Inc. on behalf of American Society for Bone and Mineral Research (ASBMR). ER  - 
Serum osteocalcin levels in girls with central precocious puberty: Relation to the onset of puberty; Osteocalcin is the non-collagenous protein produced by osteoblasts in bone. When it is released into systemic circulation in its uncarboxylated form, it regulates fat and glucose metabolism. Recent studies have shown that osteocalcin is also involved in male fertility. Because the onset of puberty is determined by ethnic, genetic, environmental, and metabolic factors, we focused on determining the role of osteocalcin in the onset of puberty. Central precocious puberty (CPP) is defined as the activation of the hypothalamicpituitary-gonadal axis before the age of 8 in girls and 9 in boys. CPP is diagnosed when peak luteinizing hormone (LH) reaches ≥ 5.0 IU/l after stimulation with gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH). This retrospective study included 206 girls who showed breast budding before the age of 8 and whose bone age was more advanced than their chronological age. The CPP group included 100 girls who were diagnosed with CPP, and 106 girls were the non-CPP group whose peak LH did not reach ≥ 5.0 IU/l after GnRH stimulation test. Serum osteocalcin levels were measured to investigate the relationship between osteocalcin and the onset of puberty. Our data showed that serum osteocalcin levels were significantly higher in the CPP group (87.7 ± 24.4 ng/ml vs. 68.3 ± 19.5 ng/ml, P < 0.001). The multivariate analysis revealed that an increase in bone age and peak LH was significantly associated with the serum osteocalcin level. The results of this study suggest that serum osteocalcin is associated with the onset of puberty in girls. ER  - 
Influence of puberty timing on adiposity and cardiometabolic traits: A Mendelian randomisation study; Background: Earlier puberty is widely linked with future obesity and cardiometabolic disease. We examined whether age at puberty onset likely influences adiposity and cardiometabolic traits independent of childhood adiposity. Methods and findings: One-sample Mendelian randomisation (MR) analyses were conducted on up to 3,611 white-European female and male offspring from the Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children (ALSPAC) cohort recruited at birth via mothers between 1 April 1991 and 31 December 1992. Time-sensitive exposures were age at menarche and age at voice breaking. Outcomes measured at age 18 y were body mass index (BMI), dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry–based fat and lean mass indices, blood pressure, and 230 cardiometabolic traits derived from targeted metabolomics (150 concentrations plus 80 ratios from nuclear magnetic resonance [NMR] spectroscopy covering lipoprotein subclasses of cholesterol and triglycerides, amino acids, inflammatory glycoproteins, and others). Adjustment was made for pre-pubertal BMI measured at age 8 y. For negative control MR analyses, BMI and cardiometabolic trait measures taken at age 8 y (before puberty, and which therefore cannot be an outcome of puberty itself) were used. For replication analyses, 2-sample MR was conducted using summary genome-wide association study data on up to 322,154 adults for post-pubertal BMI, 24,925 adults for post-pubertal NMR cardiometabolic traits, and 13,848 children for pre-pubertal obesity (negative control). Like observational estimates, 1-sample MR estimates in ALSPAC using 351 polymorphisms for age at menarche (explaining 10.6% of variance) among 2,053 females suggested that later age at menarche (per year) was associated with −1.38 kg/m2of BMI at age 18 y (or −0.34 SD units, 95% CI −0.46, −0.23; P = 9.77 × 10−09). This coefficient attenuated 10-fold upon adjustment for BMI at age 8 y, to −0.12 kg/m2(or −0.03 SDs, 95% CI −0.13, 0.07; P = 0.55). Associations with blood pressure were similar, but associations across other traits were small and inconsistent. In negative control MR analyses, later age at menarche was associated with −0.77 kg/m2of pre-pubertal BMI measured at age 8 y (or −0.39 SDs, 95% CI −0.50, −0.29; P = 6.28 × 10−13), indicating that variants influencing menarche also influence BMI before menarche. Cardiometabolic trait associations were weaker and less consistent among males and both sexes combined. Higher BMI at age 8 y (per 1 kg/m2using 95 polymorphisms for BMI explaining 3.4% of variance) was associated with earlier menarche among 2,648 females (by −0.26 y, 95% CI −0.37, −0.16; P = 1.16 × 10−06), likewise among males and both sexes combined. In 2-sample MR analyses using 234 polymorphisms and inverse variance weighted (IVW) regression, each year later age at menarche was associated with −0.81 kg/m2of adult BMI (or −0.17 SD units, 95% CI −0.21, −0.12; P = 4.00 × 10−15). Associations were weaker with cardiometabolic traits. Using 202 polymorphisms, later menarche was associated with lower odds of childhood obesity (IVW-based odds ratio = 0.52 per year later, 95% CI 0.48, 0.57; P = 6.64 × 10−15). Study limitations include modest sample sizes for 1-sample MR, lack of inference to non-white-European populations, potential selection bias through modest completion rates of puberty questionnaires, and likely disproportionate measurement error of exposures by sex. The cardiometabolic traits examined were heavily lipid-focused and did not include hormone-related traits such as insulin and insulin-like growth factors. Conclusions: Our results suggest that puberty timing has a small influence on adiposity and cardiometabolic traits and that preventive interventions should instead focus on reducing childhood adiposity. ER  - 
The effect of spiritual care on self confidence of adolescents with type 1 diabetes; Introduction: Self-confidence in adolescents gradually diminishes during puberty due to changes in identity and in their responsibilities. It decreases more in adolescents suffering from chronic disease of diabetes, in whom promotion of self-confidence for self-management behaviors, has a significantly positive effect. The purpose of this study was to investigate the effect of spiritual care on the self-confidence of adolescents with type 1 diabetes. Materials and Methods: This quasi-experimental clinical trial study was performed on 52 adolescents with type 1diabetes, selected through convenience sampling and randomly assigned in two groups, the intervention and control (n=26 each). The intervention was implemented daily for 6 sessions in the experimental group. Data were collected using the demographic and Rosenberg scale and analysis was done by SPSS-19 software. Descriptive and inferential statistics and repeated measure ANOVA, Mann-Whitney, Fisher, and Chi-square tests were used. Results: The mean scores of self-confidence in the control group before/after the intervention, and also in the follow up period were 0.46, 1.5, and 1.46, respectively. The values in the intervention group were 3.92, 5.69, and 6.38, respectively. Results of analysis of variance showed the significant effects of intervention (p<0.001). Conclusion: The results indicate the effect of spiritual care on the self-confidence of adolescents with type 1 diabetes, emphasizing that nurses, as part of the health care system, must pay attention to spiritual care and its continuity in the care of these patients. ER  - 
Impact of insulin and metformin versus metformin alone on β-cell function in youth with impaired glucose tolerance or recently diagnosed type 2 diabetes; OBJECTIVE: Pediatric type 2 diabetes prevalence is increasing, with β-cell dysfunction key in its pathogenesis. The RISE Pediatric Medication Study compared two approachesd glargine followed by metformin and metformin alonedin preserving or improving β-cell function in youth with impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) or recently diagnosed type 2 diabetes during and after therapy withdrawal. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Ninety-one pubertal, overweight/obese 10-19-year-old youth with IGT (60%) or type 2 diabetes of <6 months duration (40%) were randomized to either 3 months of insulin glargine with a target glucose of 4.4-5.0 mmol/L followed by 9 months of metformin or to 12 months of metformin alone. β-Cell function (insulin sensitivity paired with β-cell responses) was assessed by hyperglycemic clamp at baseline, 12 months (on treatment), and 15 months (3 months off treatment). RESULTS: No significant differences were observed between treatment groups at baseline, 12 months, or 15 months in β-cell function, BMI percentile, HbA1c, fasting glucose, or oral glucose tolerance test 2-h glucose results. In both treatment groups, clamp-measured β-cell function was significantly lower at 12 and 15 months versus baseline. HbA1c fell transiently at 6 months within both groups. BMI was higher in the glargine followed by metformin versus metformin alone group between 3 and 9 months. Only 5% of participants discontinued the interventions, and both treatments were well tolerated. CONCLUSIONS: In youth with IGT or recently diagnosed type 2 diabetes, neither 3 months of glargine followed by 9 months of metformin nor 12 months of metformin alone halted the progressive deterioration of β-cell function. Alternate approaches to preserve β-cell function in youth are needed. ER  - 
Polycystic ovary syndrome among obese adolescents; Background and aims: In adolescence and obesity, the pathophysiology of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is very difficult to distinguish. We aimed to assess the diagnosis of PCOS in the population of obese adolescent. Methods: Cross-sectional study. Setting: Pediatric Endocrinology Weight and Management Clinic from Children’s Institute, São Paulo, Brazil. Participants: Forty-nine post-menarcheal obese adolescents with mean age of 14.7 years. Interventions: Anthropometric assessment and review of medical records were done. Clinical and laboratory hyperandrogenism were quantified using Ferriman–Gallwey index and androgenic dosages, respectively. Ovarian morphology was evaluated through suprapubic ultrasonography. Results: By the 2015 Witchel et al. guideline for PCOS in adolescence, 18.4% were diagnosed as having PCOS. When assessed by Rotterdam, Androgen Excess and PCOS Society, and American National Institute of Health criteria’s, 26.4%, 22.4%, and 20.4% had PCOS, respectively. Irregular menstrual cycles were found in 65.3% of patients. Clinical hyperandrogenism was observed in 16.3% of girls and 18.4% had elevated serum androgen values. Suprapubic ultrasonography revealed enlarged ovaries in 18.4% of the adolescents. Conclusions: PCOS in all-comers obese adolescents from a Weight and Management Clinic in a quaternary hospital is more frequent when compared to adult women showed in the literature. ER  - 
Trajectories of growth and serum DHEAS and IGF-1 concentrations in girls with a history of premature adrenarche: Attenuation of the phenotype by adulthood; Background: It has been speculated that premature adrenarche (PA) could lead to unfavorable outcome, including shorter adult stature, but longitudinal follow-up data are insufficient. Methods: This prospective case-control study included 30 PA and 42 control females who were born mostly full-term and appropriate for gestational age. They were examined first at the median age of 7.6 years and now at 18.1 years. Main outcome measures were height, body mass index (BMI), age at menarche, and serum dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHEAS) and insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) concentrations. Results: The PA and control females had comparable mean (standard deviation) adult height [167.2 (6.8) vs. 164.5 (5.1) cm, P = 0.059] and median (25th-75th percentiles) BMI [22.8 (21.1-28.9) vs. 21.6 (19.8-24.3) kg/m2, P = 0.068, respectively]. Adult heights were comparable with the mid-parental heights in both study groups. The PA females were taller than the controls until the age of 12 years and they lacked a distinct pubertal growth spurt. Serum DHEAS and IGF-1 concentrations did not differ between the PA and control groups at the age of 18 years. Median (range) age at menarche was significantly lower in the PA than control females [11.5 (9.5-15.0) vs. 13.0 (10.0-15.0), P = 0.001]. Conclusions: Although PA girls have advanced growth and earlier pubertal development together with a tendency to be more overweight, their height, BMI, and serum DHEAS and IGF-1 concentrations are comparable to those of their peers at the age of 18 years. Our findings indicate a benign outcome of PA in appropriate for gestational age -born females concerning adult height and adrenal androgen secretion. ER  - 
Smoke exposure and cardio-metabolic profile in youth with type 1 diabetes; Background: To evaluate the relationship between smoking and metabolic parameters in patients affected by type 1 diabetes (T1D). Patients and methods: We enrolled 104 children and young adults (50 females and 54 males) with T1D (aged 16.4 ± 8.6 years). The subjects were divided into three groups according to their smoking habits: no smoking (NS), passive smoking (PS), active smoking (AS). The physical examination of the participants included nutritional status assessment by anthropometry and pubertal stage according to Marshall and Tanner as well as blood pressure measurement. In all patients, metabolic blood assays including fasting blood glucose, insulin, total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and triglycerides were measured. Insulin resistance was determined by glucose disposal rate (eGDR). Physical activity was also recorded. Results: Significant differences in biochemical and functional parameters among the three groups were demonstrated, in particular for systolic (p = 0.002) and diastolic pressure (p = 0.02) and eGDR (p = 0.039). No differences in daily insulin dose (p = 0.75) and glycated hemoglobin (p = 0.39) were observed. AS group had significantly higher blood pressure (p < 0.05) and lower eGDR (p ≤ 0.001) compared to NS and PS. Significant difference was also detected between PS and NS in systolic and diastolic (p = 0.02) pressure and eGDR (p = 0.01). In a multivariable model adjusted for age, gender, BMI and physical activity, smoking habits did not maintain any independent association with metabolic parameters. Conclusion: This is the first study in a Mediterranean population, looking at tobacco smoke and cardio-metabolic factors in youth with T1D. The relationship between smoking and unfavorable metabolic profile was demonstrated. On the basis of these findings, smoking tobacco should be considered an important modifiable risk factor for young patients with diabetes mellitus, highlighting the need for intensified smoking prevention and cessation programs. ER  - 
Late effects after hematopoietic stem cell transplantation for β-thalassemia major: The french national experience; In this retrospective study, we evaluate long-term complications in nearly all β-thalassemia-major patients who successfully received allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation in France. Ninety-nine patients were analyzed with a median age of 5.9 years at transplantation. The median duration of clinical follow up was 12 years. All conditioning regimens were myeloablative, most were based on busulfan combined with cyclophosphamide, and more than 90% of patients underwent a transplant from a matched sibling donor. After transplantation, 11% of patients developed thyroid dysfunction, 5% diabetes, and 2% heart failure. Hypogonadism was present in 56% of females and 14% of males. Female patients who went on to normal puberty after transplant were significantly younger at transplantation than those who experienced delayed puberty (median age 2.5 vs. 8.7 years). Fertility was preserved in 9 of 27 females aged 20 years or older and 2 other patients became pregnant following oocyte donation. In addition to patient’s age and higher serum ferritin levels at transplantation, time elapsed since transplant was significantly associated with decreased height growth in multivariate analysis. Weight growth increased after transplantation particularly in females, 36% of adults being overweight at last evaluation. A comprehensive long-term monitoring, especially of endocrine late effects, is required after hematopoietic stem cell transplantation for thalassemia. ER  - 
Self-reported nocturnal sleep duration and glycosylated hemoglobin A in the Study of Cardiovascular Risks in Adolescents (ERICA); Objective: At present, epidemiologic studies regarding the relationship between sleep duration and glucose metabolism in adolescents are scarce. The objective was to investigate the association between self-reported nocturnal sleep duration and glycosylated hemoglobin A in 12- to 17-year-old Brazilian adolescents. Patients/Methods: A school-based multicenter cross-sectional study was carried out in private and public schools from 273 municipalities with more than 100,000 inhabitants. The final sample comprised 24,923 adolescents. A self-administered questionnaire was used. Blood tests included glucose, insulin, glycosylated hemoglobin A and serum lipids. Age, sex, skin color, school type, body mass index (BMI), physical activity, and Brazilian regions were studied as possible effect modifiers and/or confounders using linear regression. Results: A significant positive association was found between more than 12 h of nocturnal sleep and glycosylated hemoglobin A in two Brazilian regions: Southeast and South, even after adjustment for age, sex, skin color, and BMI (coefficients of 0.142 and 0.339, respectively). No association was found with nocturnal sleep duration <7 h. Conclusion: Notably, a significant positive relationship was found between more than 12 h of nocturnal sleep duration and glycosylated hemoglobin A in two Brazilian regions. The specific pubertal sleep curtailment can be a compensatory mechanism for dealing with the insulin resistance during adolescence. Those that escape from this regulatory strategy and sleep longer than the adequate duration, break down this balance and tend to damage their glucose metabolism. To our knowledge, this is the first large scale study, of the association between sleep duration and glucose metabolism in adolescents. ER  - 
Maternal diabetes mellitus and timing of pubertal development in daughters and sons: a nationwide cohort study; Objective: To study the association between maternal diabetes and timing of pubertal development in daughters and sons. Design: Prospective cohort study. Setting: Not applicable. Patient(s): A total of 15,822 mother-child pairs included in the Danish National Birth Cohort and the Puberty Cohort with prospectively collected, register-based and self-reported information on maternal diabetes and self-reported information on pubertal development. Intervention(s): None. Main Outcome Measure(s): Adjusted mean monthly difference in age at attaining pubertal milestones in children born of mothers with diabetes compared with children born of mothers without diabetes. Result(s): A total of 502 children were born of mothers with diabetes during pregnancy. In daughters exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus, we observed advanced onset in all pubertal milestones. The associations were statistically significant with regard to pubic hair Tanner stage 2 (−4.8 months) (95% confidence interval [CI] −7.7, −2.0), pubic hair Tanner stage 3 (−2.2 months) (95 % CI −4.4, 0.0), pubic hair Tanner stage 5 (−6.0 months) (95% CI −10.8, −1.2), and menarche (−2.5 months) (95 % CI −4.9, 0.0). We observed no tendencies between maternal type 1 or type 2 diabetes mellitus and pubertal development in daughters. We observed no associations between maternal diabetes and pubertal development in sons. Conclusion(s): Our findings suggest that gestational diabetes mellitus may accelerate the pubertal development in daughters. Our results did not support an association between type 1 or type 2 diabetes mellitus and daughters’ pubertal development, as well as between any type of maternal diabetes and sons’ pubertal development.
Age at menarche and age at natural menopause as predictors of glycemic control in type 2 diabetic patients; Objective: To investigate the influence of age at menarche (AM) and age at natural menopause (ANM) on glycemic control in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Methods: A cross-sectional study was undertaken in Jiangsu, China. Logistic regression was used to evaluate the association between AM/ANM and glycemic control. Results: 1195 (14.3%) premenopausal and 7149 (85.7%) postmenopausal women were included in this study. With the increase of AM per 1 year, patients had a low risk of uncontrolled FPG (≥7 mmol/L) and uncontrolled HbA1c (≥7%), as well as poor glycemic control (FPG ≥7 mmol/L and HbA1c ≥7%) after adjusting for age and BMI (model I, P < 0.05) with odds ratio (OR) 0.965, 0.978 and 0.962 respectively. Whereas after adjusting for age, BMI, education, duration of diabetes, smoking, drinking and antidiabetic treatment (model II) as well as further plus diabetic familial history and physical activity (model III), the association between AM and glycemic control was not significant (P > 0.05). Compared with premenopausal women, postmenopausal women had a low risk of uncontrolled FPG and uncontrolled HbA1c after adjusting for confounders in model II (P < 0.05). Furthermore, both patients with early ANM (<45 years) and late ANM (>55 years) had a high risk of uncontrolled HbA1c as well as poor glycemic control even adjusted for full confounders in model III (P < 0.05 for all). Conclusion: Early AM, early and late ANM were significantly associated with worse glycemic control. Ascertaining the AM and ANM in women with T2DM may help to identify the risk predisposed to worse glycemic control. ER  - 
Childhood trauma, pubertal timing, and cardiovascular risk in adulthood; Objective: An association between childhood trauma and adult health outcomes has been widely reported, but little is known about the developmental pathways through which childhood trauma influences adult cardiovascular disease (CVD). Method: Hypotheses were tested with a sample of 405 African Americans from the Family and Community Health Study (FACHS). Path modeling was used to test our theoretical model. Results: Replicating prior research, exposure to childhood trauma was associated positively with increases in symptoms of CVD risk across young adulthood even after controlling for a variety of health-related and health behavior covariates. Further, the association of childhood trauma with CVD risk was mediated by early pubertal maturation. There were no gender differences in the magnitude of this effect. Conclusion: Our findings support an evolutionarydevelopment perspective (Belsky & Shalev, 2016) suggesting that early adverse life experiences lead to early biologically embedded changes reflected in early physical maturation and that these early changes predict later negative adult health outcomes. The results imply that early pubertal maturation is a precursor to vulnerability to long term health problems. From an intervention standpoint, identifying such developmental pathways may help inform future health-promoting interventions. ER  - 
Evaluating the contribution of differences in lean mass compartments for resting energy expenditure in African American and Caucasian American children; Background: Resting energy expenditure (REE), adjusted for total lean mass (LM), is lower in African American (AA) than Caucasian American (CA) children. Some adult studies suggest that AA–CA differences in lean mass compartments explain this REE difference. Similar data are limited in children. Objective: To evaluate differences in compartment-specific lean mass between AA and CA children and examine the individual contributions of high-metabolic rate-at-rest trunk lean mass (TrLM) and low-metabolic-rate-at-rest appendicular lean mass (AppLM) for AA–CA differences in REE. Methods: We studied a convenience sample of 594 AA (n = 281) and CA (n = 313) children. REE was measured by using indirect calorimetry; dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry was used to assess body composition. ANCOVAs were performed to examine AA–CA differences in TrLM, AppLM and REE. After accounting for age, sex, height, pubertal development, bone mass and adiposity, REE was evaluated adjusting for total LM (model A) and separately adjusting for TrLM and AppLM (model B). Results: African American children had greater adjusted AppLM (17.8 ± 0.2 [SE] vs. 16.0 ± 0.2 kg, p < 0.001) and lower TrLM (17.2 ± 0.2 vs. 17.7 ± 0.2 kg, p = 0.022) than CA children. REE adjusted for total LM was 77 ± 16 kcal/d lower in AA than CA (p < 0.001). However, after accounting separately for AppLM and TrLM, the discrepancy in REE between the groups declined to 28 ± 19 kcal/d (p = 0.14). In the adjusted model, both TrLM (p < 0.001) and AppLM (p < 0.027) were independently associated with REE. Conclusion: In children, AA–CA differences in REE appear mostly attributable to differences in body composition. Lower REE in AA children is likely due to lower TrLM and greater AppLM. ER  - 
Intake of dietary carbohydrates in early adulthood and adolescence and breast density among young women; Purpose: Carbohydrate intake increases postprandial insulin secretion and may affect breast density, a strong risk factor for breast cancer, early in life. We examined associations of adolescent and early adulthood intakes of total carbohydrates, glycemic index/load, fiber, and simple sugars with breast density among 182 young women. Methods: Diet was assessed using three 24-h recalls at each of five Dietary Intervention Study in Children (DISC) clinic visits when participants were age 10–19 years and at the DISC06 Follow-Up Study clinic visit when participants were age 25–29 years. Associations between energy-adjusted carbohydrates and MRI-measured percent dense breast volume (%DBV) and absolute dense breast volume (ADBV) at 25–29 years were quantified using multivariable-adjusted mixed-effects linear models. Results: Adolescent sucrose intakes and premenarcheal total carbohydrates intakes were modestly associated with higher %DBV (mean %DBVQ1 vs Q4, 16.6 vs 23.5% for sucrose; and 17.2 vs 22.3% for premenarcheal total carbohydrates, all Ptrend ≤ 0.02), but not with ADBV. However, adolescent intakes of fiber and fructose were not associated with %DBV and ADBV. Early adulthood intakes of total carbohydrates, glycemic index/load, fiber, and simple sugars were not associated with %DBV and ADBV. Conclusions: Insulinemic carbohydrate diet during puberty may be associated with adulthood breast density, but our findings need replication in larger studies. Clinical Trials Registration ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier, NCT00458588 April 9, 2007; NCT00000459 October 27, 1999. ER  - 
Female Reproductive and Hormonal Factors and Incidence of Primary Total Knee Arthroplasty Due to Osteoarthritis; Objective: To examine the associations of female reproductive and hormonal factors with incidence of total knee arthroplasty (TKA) for osteoarthritis (OA), and to determine whether the associations differ according to overweight/obesity status. Methods: This study included 22,289 women in the Melbourne Collaborative Cohort Study. Data on age at menarche, pregnancy, parity, years of menstruation, oral contraceptive (OC) use, menopausal status, and hormone replacement therapy (HRT) were collected in 1990–1994. Incidence of TKA during 2001–2013 was determined by linking cohort records to the Australian Orthopaedic Association National Joint Replacement Registry. All analyses were adjusted for age, body mass index (BMI) at midlife, change in BMI (from early reproductive age to midlife), country of birth, physical activity, smoking, and education level. Results: Over the course of 12.7 years, 1,208 TKAs for OA were identified. Ever being pregnant was associated with increased risk of TKA (hazard ratio [HR] 1.32 [95% confidence interval (95% CI) 1.06–1.63]). Parity was positively associated with risk of TKA (P for trend = 0.003). OC users had increased risk of TKA compared with non-users (for OC use of <5 years, HR 1.25 [95% CI 1.08–1.45]; for OC use of ≥5 years, HR 1.17 [95% CI 1.00–1.37]). A 1-year increase in menstruation was associated with a 1% decrease in risk of TKA (HR 0.99 [95% CI 0.97–0.99]). These associations remained significant only in women of normal weight at early reproductive age. Current HRT users had increased risk of TKA compared with non-users (HR 1.37 [95% CI 1.14–1.64]); the association was significant only in non-obese women at midlife. Conclusion: Reproductive and hormonal factors were associated with risk of knee OA. These associations remained significant in women of normal weight at early reproductive age and in non-obese women at midlife. Further work is needed to understand the complex effect of these factors on knee OA. ER  - 
Growth hormone—Insulin-like growth factor 1 axis hyperactivity on bone fibrous dysplasia in McCune-Albright Syndrome; Context: In fibrous dysplasia (BFD), normal bone and bone marrow are replaced by fibro-osseous tissue, leading to fracture, deformity and pain. BFD may be isolated, or in association with cutaneous hyperpigmentation and/or hyperfunctioning endocrinopathies, termed McCune-Albright syndrome (MAS). GH hypersecretion has been described in 10%-20% of MAS-BFD patients. Aim of the study was to determine the impact of GH-insulin like growth factor 1 (IGF1) axis hyperactivity on MAS-BFD morbidities and the efficacy of GH excess therapy. Design and patients: A multicentric cross-sectional analysis was conducted on three different MAS cohorts. From 195 MAS patients, 37 subjects (19%) with GH excess were identified and compared with 34 MAS controls without GH hypersecretion. Results: Mean head circumference SDS was significantly higher in GH excess: 4.025 SDS vs 0.683 SDS (P <.0001). The risk of optic neuropathy (Odds ratio 4.231; P =.039), hearing deficit (Odds ratio 2.961; P =.0481), facial asymmetry (Odds ratio 6.563; P =.0192), malignancies (Odds ratio 15.24; P =.0173) were higher in GH excess group. Overall, pharmacotherapy (octreotide alone 10-30 mg/mo or with pegvisomant 10-20 mg/d) was effective in IGF1 normalization (IGF1 Z-score between −2 and +2 SDS) in 21/29 patients (72.4%) with good compliance to the regimen. Late diagnosis and GH excess treatment after 16 years old of age was associated with an increased risk of optic neuropathy (Odds ratio 4.500; P =.0491) and growth of pituitary adenomas (Odds ratio 7.846; P =.050). Conclusions: GH-IGF1 hyperactivity increases risk of morbidities in MAS. Medical therapy is effective in normalizing IGF1 in most patients, and early treatment during paediatric age is associated with a decreased risk of optic neuropathy and GH-secreting adenomas growth. ER  - 
Optimal adherence to a mediterranean diet may not overcome the deleterious effects of low physical fitness on cardiovascular disease risk in adolescents: A cross-sectional pooled analysis; To examine the combined association of cardiorespiratory fitness (CRF), muscular fitness (MF), and adherence to a Mediterranean diet (MeDiet) on cardiovascular risk in adolescents, a pooled study, including cross-sectional data from two projects [2477 adolescents (1320 girls) aged 12–18 years], was completed. A shuttle run test was used to assess CRF. MF was assessed by the standing-long jump and handgrip tests. Adherence to a MeDiet was assessed by the Kidmed questionnaire. A cardiovascular risk score was computed from the following components: Age and sex, waist circumference, triglycerides, systolic blood pressure, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL), and glucose. Analysis of covariance showed that participants classified as having optimal (High) adherence to a MeDiet/HighMF/HighCRF, as well those classified as low adherence to a MeDiet/HighMF/HighCRF, had, on average, the lowest cardiovascular risk score (F = 15.6; p < 0.001). In addition, the high adherence to a MeDiet/LowMF/LowCRF group had the highest odds of having a high cardiovascular risk (OR = 7.1; 95% CI: 3.4–15.1; p < 0.001), followed by the low adherence to a MeDiet/LowMF/LowCRF group (OR = 3.7; 95% CI: 2.2–6.3; p < 0.001), high adherence to a MeDiet/HighMF/LowCRF group (OR = 3.1; 95% CI: 1.4–7.0; p = 0.006), and low adherence to a MeDiet/LowMF/HighCRF group (OR = 2.5; 95% CI: 1.5–4.4; p = 0.002) when compared to those with high adherence to a MeDiet/HighMF/HighCRF, after adjustments for potential confounders. In conclusion, our findings showed that, regardless of the MeDiet status, adolescents with low MF and low CRF cumulatively, presented the highest cardiovascular disease risk. Therefore, these findings suggest that the combination of these two fitness components may be beneficial to adolescents’ cardiometabolic profile, independent of MeDiet behaviour. ER  - 
Objective sleep characteristics and cardiometabolic health in young adolescents; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Shorter sleep duration is associated with childhood obesity. Few studies measure sleep quantity and quality objectively or examine cardiometabolic biomarkers other than obesity. METHODS: This cross-sectional study of 829 adolescents derived sleep duration, eff iciency and moderate-to-vigorous physical activity from >5 days of wrist actigraphy recording for >10 hours/day. The main outcome was a metabolic risk score (mean of 5 sex-specific z-scores for waist circumference, systolic blood pressure, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol scaled inversely, and log-transformed triglycerides and homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance), for which higher scores indicate greater metabolic risk. Secondary outcomes included score components and dual-energy radiograph absorptiometry fat mass. We measured socioeconomic status, race and/or ethnicity, pubertal status, and obesity-related behaviors (television-viewing and fast food and sugar-sweetened beverage consumption) using questionnaires. RESULTS: The sample was 51.5% girls; mean (SD) age 13.2 (0.9) years, median (interquartile range) sleep duration was 441.1 (54.8) minutes per day and sleep efficiency was 84.0% (6.3). Longer sleep duration was associated with lower metabolic risk scores (-0.11 points; 95% CI: -0.19 to -0.02, per interquartile range). Associations with sleep efficiency were similar and persisted after adjustment for BMI z score and physical activity, television-viewing, and diet quality. Longer sleep duration and greater sleep efficiency were also favorably associated with waist circumference, systolic blood pressure, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and fat mass. CONCLUSIONS: Longer sleep duration and higher sleep efficiency were associated with a more favorable cardiometabolic profile in early adolescence, independent of other obesity-related behaviors. These results support the need to assess the role of sleep quantity and quality interventions as strategies for improving cardiovascular risk profiles of adolescents. ER  - 
Insulin resistance, hyperinsulinemia, and LH: Relative roles in peripubertal obesity-associated hyperandrogenemia; Context Peripubertal obesity is associated with variable hyperandrogenemia, but precise mechanisms remain unclear. Objective To assess insulin resistance, hyperinsulinemia, and LH roles in peripubertal obesity-associated hyperandrogenemia. Design Cross-sectional analysis. Setting Academic clinical research unit. Participants Eleven obese (body mass index for age ≥95%) peripubertal girls. Intervention Blood samples were taken during a mixed-meal tolerance test (1900 to 2100), overnight (2100 to 0700), while fasting (0700 to 0900), and during an 80 mU/m 2 /min hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp (0900 to 1100). Main Outcome Measures The dependent variable was morning free testosterone level; independent variables were insulin sensitivity index (ISI), estimated 24-hour insulin, and estimated 24-hour LH levels. Results All participants demonstrated insulin resistance and hyperinsulinemia. ISI, but not estimated 24-hour insulin level, correlated positively with morning free testosterone level when correcting for estimated 24-hour LH level and Tanner stage (r s = 0.68, P = 0.046). The correlation between estimated 24-hour LH and free testosterone levels approached significance after adjusting for estimated 24-hour insulin level and Tanner stage (r s = 0.63, P = 0.067). Estimated 24-hour insulin level did not correlate with free testosterone level after adjusting for estimated 24-hour LH level and Tanner stage (r s = 0.47, P = 0.20). Conclusion In insulin-resistant obese girls with hyperinsulinemia, free testosterone levels correlated positively with insulin sensitivity and, likely, circulating LH concentrations but not with circulating insulin levels. In the setting of relatively uniform hyperinsulinemia, variable steroidogenic-cell insulin sensitivity may correlate with metabolic insulin sensitivity and contribute to variable free testosterone concentrations. ER  - 
Associations of dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate with cardiometabolic risk factors in prepubertal children; Context Premature adrenarche (PA) has been associated with overweight and insulin resistance, but the associations of serum dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHEAS) concentration with other cardiometabolic risk factors are uncertain. Objective To examine the associations of serum DHEAS concentration with several cardiometabolic risk factors in children. Design Cross-sectional data from the Physical Activity and Nutrition in Children Study. Participants Population sample of 207 girls and 225 boys aged 7.6 ± 0.4 years. Main Outcome Measures Cardiometabolic risk factors by serum DHEAS concentration. Results DHEAS correlated positively with body mass index standard deviation score, body fat percentage, lean body mass, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), and alanine aminotransferase (ALT) when adjusted for age and sex. The associations of DHEAS with hs-CRP and ALT disappeared when adjusted also for body fat percentage. When further adjusted for birth weight SD score, DHEAS correlated negatively with low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol and LDL/high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol ratio. LDL cholesterol was lower in children with DHEAS ≥40 μg/dL than in those with DHEAS <40 μg/dL, adjusted for age, sex, and body fat percentage (86.5 vs 92.3 mg/dL, P = 0.029). This association strengthened after further adjustment for birth weight SD score (85.3 vs 92.3 mg/dL, P = 0.012). Conclusion Higher DHEAS is not associated with an increased cardiometabolic risk in prepubertal children. Instead, it may be protective, evidenced by an association with lower LDL cholesterol and LDL/HDL cholesterol ratio. The increased cardiometabolic risk in PA shown in many studies may be due to low birth weight and childhood overweight associated with PA. ER  - 
Sleep quality and heart rate variability in adolescents with type 1 or type 2 diabetes; Regardless of the type of diabetes, there is twice the risk of experiencing cardiovascular (CV) disease complications in comparison to not having the disease. Although these complications and associated symptoms are rarely noted in adolescents with diabetes, early identification of biobehavioral markers for CV risks are essential for targeted approaches for prevention of later disease sequelae. Decreased sleep quality and heart rate variability (HRV) have both independently been associated with diabetes or the presence of obesity and risk for developing diabetes, as well as with CV disease. Studies exploring both sleep quality and HRV in adolescents with diabetes are not available. Thus, we conducted a secondary analysis of data from an existing study to examine differences in sleep quality and HRV in adolescents with type 1 (T1D) vs. type 2 diabetes (T2D); and to determine if there were associations between HRV and sleep quality. Adolescents with T1D (n = 101; 56 males) or T2D (n= 37; 16 males) completed 24-hour HRV Holter monitoring and measurement using Burdick Vision Premier™ ECG Analysis and Editing software system (Waukesha, WI), hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) using the Abbott IMx® assay method, and a self-report global measure of the impact of diabetes on their sleep quality using a 5-point Likert scale. Duration of diabetes was greater (P < .001) and measures of HRV were higher in T1D (P < .01); BMI and BMI z-scores (P < .001) and systolic and diastolic BP (P < .05) were higher in T2D. No differences in recent or average HbA1c, Tanner staging or sleep quality were found. Both spectral and time domain measures of HRV were associated with sleep quality in T2D (r = - .51 to -.38, P < .02); only time domain measures were associated with sleep quality in T1D (r = -. 21 to -.19, P < .05). Poorer sleep quality was evident in those with lower HRV; these linkages were stronger in those with T2D. Further study is warranted to elucidate risks and improve sleep quality and CV outcomes in youth with diabetes. ER  - 
Five-year experience with telemedicine clinics for youth with type 1 diabetes (T1D); Poor access to specialty care is a problem for youth with T1D in rural America, where 79% of children live over 20 miles from a pediatric endocrinologist. Rural families are less likely to have adequate T1D follow-up per ADA guidelines. Telemedicine may mitigate such issues. Since 2012, the Barbara Davis Center for Diabetes telemedicine program has provided care for over 290 pediatric T1D patients in rural Wyoming and Colorado via real-time, encrypted videoconferencing. This study sought to determine how increased access to specialty care via telemedicine affects glycemic control over a 3 to 5 year follow-up period. Glycemic control was analyzed for 21 patients with at least 3 years follow-up since initial use of telemedicine. Data were analyzed by age group (< 12 years (pre-pubertal, n=13) vs. ≥12 years (post-pubertal, n=8)) and treatment method at baseline (insulin pump, n=8 vs. multiple daily injections (MDI), n=13). Mean T1D duration at baseline was 4.1 ± 3.5 years and mean follow-up time was 4.1 ± 0.6 years. Mean change in A1c was 0.0 ± 2.0% (p=0.96 for baseline vs. follow-up A1c). Median (interquartile range (IQR)) A1c at baseline and at follow-up were 9.2 (8.2, 10.0)% and 9.0 (8.5, 10.1)% respectively. One third of patients had a clinically significant increase in A1c of more than 0.5%, a third had a decrease of more than 0.5% and a third had a change in A1c of less than 0.5%. The postpubertal group showed worse change in glycemic control compared to the pre-pubertal group (mean A1c change 0.2 ± 3.0 vs. -0.1 ± 1.3% respectively (p=0.78)). Patients on MDI at baseline showed mean A1c change of -0.5 ± 1.4% compared to a mean A1c change for patients on insulin pumps of 0.9 ± 2.7% (p=0.21). Of 13 MDI patients, 7 transitioned to insulin pump use during follow-up. Overall, glycemic control was no worse and pump use increased with 5 years of telemedicine clinics for T1D youth. While further work is needed to improve overall glycemic control, use of telemedicine reduces barriers and improves access to T1D specialty care for rural families. ER  - 
Childhood habitual sleep duration modifies the polygenic risk for obesity through leptin pathway-a longitudinal study; Sleep disruption is known to be an obesity risk factor, however, little is known about its interplay with genetic predisposition and pathways involved in obesity pathogenesis, especially in the longitudinal setting. Leveraging a large cohort from the Beijing Child and Adolescent Metabolic Syndrome (BCAMS) study, we aimed to examine a possible sleep-gene interaction for childhood obesity risk, including longitudinal assessment in a 10-year follow-up and further test if there is any mediation through the leptin pathway. A total of 3,211 children (6-18 years) were recruited from this cohort study. Baseline leptin levels and twelve established adult BMI loci were examined for the associations with habitual sleep duration. After adjusting for pubertal stages, diet score and activity, short sleep duration at baseline was significantly associated with increased overweight/obesity risk at both baseline and follow-up. Genetic predisposition scores, particularly consisting of the central nervous system (CNS) gene variation (GPSCNS), were robustly correlated with baseline overweight/obesity in children who slept ≤8h/day (P<0.001), whereas the association was ablated in those who slept ≥10h/day (P>0.05). Comparable observations were made at followup. Mediation analysis revealed a modest direct effect of the GPSCNS-sleep interaction on BMI at baseline, while an indirect effect of this interaction was found to be mediated principally through elevated leptin (52.6%); moreover, the mediation effect via leptin remained stable over 10 years. This study provides longitudinal evidence that short sleep duration in children has a long-term impact on the association of polygenic risk for obesity from childhood to young adulthood and leptin pathway explains a key mechanism via a modification effect. Therefore, adequate sleep duration during childhood is important for the early prevention of obesity, especially if there is a genetic predisposition to this trait. ER  - 
Fatty liver disease among adolescent offspring born to women with pregestational type 1 diabetes (the EPICOM study); Intrauterine exposure to maternal type 1 diabetes (T1DM) is associated with a less favourable metabolic profile later in life. Fatty liver disease can be considered as the hepatic manifestation of the cluster of metabolic abnormalities linked to insulin resistance. This study aimed to evaluate the effect of maternal pregestational T1DM on the offspring's risk of fatty liver disease and any association between maternal glycemic control during pregnancy and later risk of fatty liver disease in the offspring. The study is a prospective nationwide follow-up study including offspring (n=277) born to mothers with pregestational T1DM between 1993-1999 and matched un-exposed controls (n=303). Age at the time of follow-up was 16.7 years (range 13.0-20.4 years). We used the Fatty Liver Index (FLI) and Waistto- Height ratio (WHtR) to evaluate risk of fatty liver disease among the offspring. A FLI>60 or a WHtR>0.469 were used as indicators of fatty liver dis ease. Results are displayed in Table 1. More diabetes exposed offspring had high FLI and WHtR indices compared to un-exposed controls. Adjustment for maternal prepregnancy BMI, gender, age, and pubertal stage did not change overall results. No association between maternal glycemic control during pregnancy and risk of fatty liver disease was found. Conclusion: Intrauterine exposure to maternal T1DM may predispose to fatty liver disease. ER  - 
Gestational diabetes (GDM) and childhood disorders of glucose metabolism-hyperglycemia and adverse pregnancy outcome follow-up study (HAPO FUS); While overt diabetes during pregnancy is associated with a higher childhood risk of altered glucose metabolism, the contribution of GDM to this disorder is less clear. Using data from HAPO FUS, we examined associations of maternal GDM not confounded by treatment with childhood glucose metabolism. Maternal glycemic status was based on a 75 g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) at ∼28 weeks gestation. Offspring disorders of glucose metabolism (impaired glucose tolerance or type 2 diabetes using American Diabetes Association criteria) were assessed at the HAPO FUS visit using an OGTT in 4106 children at mean age 11.4 (range 7.9-15.5) years. Insulin sensitivity (IS) was calculated using the Matsuda index and insulin secretion using the insulinogenic index. GDM was defined by International Association of Diabetes in Pregnancy Study Groups criteria. Among offspring of mothers with and without GDM, 10.6% and 5.2%, respectively, had a disorder of glucose metabolism. After adjusting for field center, maternal pregnancy variables and child age, Tanner stage and family history of diabetes at HAPO FUS, the odds ratio and 95% confidence interval (CI) for a disorder of glucose metabolism was 1.98 (1.44-2.74), p=3.1 x 10-5. Adjusting for maternal BMI at OGTT, child's BMI z score, or both did not attenuate risk. Offspring of GDM mothers had lower IS (29.7 + 12.5, mean + SD) compared to offspring of non-GDM mothers (33.7 + 13.8) with a mean difference of -2.1 (95% CI -3.2 - -1.0), p= 1.9 x 10-4 after adjusting for field center, maternal pregnancy variables and child age, Tanner stage and family history of diabetes at HAPO FUS. The association was attenuated but still significant after adjusting for maternal BMI and/or child BMI z score. Maternal GDM was not associated with insulinogenic index. In summary, exposure to untreated GDM in utero is significantly and independently associated with childhood disorders of glucose metabolism, in part through insulin resistance. ER  - 
Longitudinal predictors of insulin sensitivity and secretion during puberty; All youth experience a transient reduction in Si during puberty, but little is known about the associated physiology. We previously demonstrated crosssectionally that insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) and leptin are associated with Si early in puberty. We now aim to evaluate longitudinal predictors of Si and acute insulin response to glucose (AIRg) during puberty. Methods: Forty-five (47% female) normal-weight (mean BMI %ile 44+22%) ethnically mixed youth entered the study in early puberty (Tanner [T] 2-3). Study visits, including an IV glucose tolerance test (IVGTT), fasting laboratory studies, and DXA, were performed at T2-3, T4, and T5, based on breast development and testicular volume. Physical activity (PA) was assessed by the 3DPAR (3-Day PA Recall). Repeated measures models were used to test if changes over time in potential predictors (IGF-1, leptin, estradiol, total testosterone, dehydroepiandrosterone-sulfate, PA, and urinary gonadotropins) were associated with changes over time in the outcomes, with and without adjustment for sex and % body fat. Results: Si (p=0.04) decreased and AIRg increased (p=0.12) from T2/3- T5. IGF-1 and leptin were the only significant predictors of change in Si and AIRg over time. IGF-1 was associated with both Si (β=-0.016, p=0.0004) and AIRg (β=1.40, p=0.002), and remained so after adjusting for sex and % fat (p=0.0007 and 0.004, respectively). Leptin was associated with Si in univariate analysis (p=0.003) and with both Si (β=-0.238, p=0.003) and AIRg (β=38.4, p=0.043) after adjustment for sex and % fat. Conclusions: This is the first study to show a longitudinal relationship between leptin and Si and AIRg during puberty independent of sex and body fat, and confirms previous reports of associations between IGF-1 and Si and AIRg. These results suggest that leptin and IGF-1 may be driving factors for changes in Si and AIRg during puberty. Knowledge of normal pubertal metabolism may contribute to understanding of diseases of pubertal onset, such as type 2 diabetes. ER  - 
Late reactive hypoglycemia (RHG) as a common early sign of glycemic dysfunction in obese adolescent girls; Many obese adolescent girls describe symptoms of hypoglycemia, but this has not been systematically assessed. Due to pubertal insulin resistance (IR), hormonal responses to an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) may occur beyond the typical 2h sampling interval. We sought to determine how often reactive hypoglycemia (RHG) occurs in these girls. 56 girls aged 12-20 years, BMI percentile ≥ 90th, were enrolled in a study including fasting metabolic labs and a 6h OGTT with frequently sampled glucose, C-peptide, insulin, GLP-1 and glucagon. RHG was defined as a blood glucose (BG) < 70 mg/dL with a ≥ 20 mg/dL drop from the previous sample. Comparisons between those with and without RHG were performed with a Student's t-test. 50% of girls had BG <70mg/dL (mean nadir was 62 mg/dL); 18% were <65 mg/ dL and 12% < 60 mg/dL. The median time for lowest BG was 240 min (range 210-360 min) after the glucose load. Girls with RHG were slightly younger (15.1±1.8 vs. 16.2±1.5 years; p=0.02). The groups had similar BMI percentile (97.8 vs. 96.8) and percent fat mass, but tended to have more visceral fat (10.1% vs. 8.1%; p=0.08). Fasting glucose and insulin were not different between groups, but HOMA-IR tended to be higher in RHG (7.0±5.4 vs. 4.9±2.2, p=0.07). The area under the curve of insulin and glucose for the first 180 min of the OGTT was higher in RHG (p=0.01 and p=0.04, respectively), with impaired glucose tolerance tending to be more frequent in RHG (63% vs. 40%; p=0.08). The mean insulin peak for the RHG was at 150 min, vs. 30 min post-drink in the normal group. At 240 min, glucagon tended to be higher in RHG (81 vs. 67 pg/ml; p=0.06). RHG defined as a BG <70 mg/dL following a rapid drop, is common in girls with obesity in response to liquid sugar, and occurs later than detectable with a standard 2h OGTT. RHG appears to be secondary to an overly robust, late insulin response. This pattern is likely related to IR, may precede further dysglycemia and may be severe enough to cause a counter regulatory response, arguing to avoid consuming liquid sugar in isolation. ER  - 
Maternal central obesity and birth size-a mendelian randomization analysis; Background: Observational studies have illustrated that maternal central obesity is associated with birth size, including of birth weight, birth length and head circumference, but the causal nature of these associations remains unclear. Objective: To test the causal effect of maternal central obesity on birth size and puberty height growth using a Mendelian randomization (MR) analysis. Methods: We performed two-sample MR using summary-level genomewide public data from the Genetic Investigation of Anthropometric Traits (GIANT) Consortium and the Early Growth Genetics Consortium (EGG). Thirty-five single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs), 25 SNPs and 41SNPs were selected as instrumental variables for waist-to-hip ratio adjust BMI (WHRadjBMI), waist circumference adjust BMI (WCadjBMI) and hip circumference adjust BMI (HIPadjBMI), respectively to test the causal effects of maternal central obesity on birth size and puberty height using an inversevariance- weighted approach. Results: In this MR analysis, we found no evidence between genetic instrumental variables for waist circumference (WC) or waist-to-hip ratio (WHR) and the outcomes. We observed one standard deviation (SD) increase in hip circumference (HC) was associated with a 0.392 SD increase in birth length (p=1.1×10-6) and a 0.168 SD increase in birth weight (p=7.1×10-5), respectively. In addition, higher genetically predicted maternal HP was strongly associated with the puberty heights (0.835 SD, p=8.4×10-10). However, HP was not associated with head circumference (p=0.172). Conclusion: A genetic predisposition to higher maternal HC was causally associated with larger offspring birth weight, higher birth length, and puberty height independent of maternal BMI. However, we found no evidence of a causal association between maternal WC, WHR and birth size. ER  - 
Ethnic differences in hepatic insulin clearance seen since childhood suggest a genetic basis; African American (AA) adult women (AAw) have 1/3 the hepatic insulin extraction as European American adult women (EAw). Lower hepatic (but not extrahepatic) insulin clearance in AAw contributes to hyperinsulinemia. Our aim was to examine whether hepatic insulin clearance impairment exists in AA since childhood. If so, genetic factors might explain ethnic differences in insulin clearance. The FSIGT was performed on 203 children [55 AAc, 88 EAc, 60 HAc (Hispanic American), ages 7-13 years, mean BMI = 19 kg/m2, basal plasma glucose = 99 mg/dL, insulin = 78 pM, C-peptide = 511 pM]. Data were analyzed with a recent mathematical model providing individual estimates of both hepatic fractional insulin extraction (FEL) and extrahepatic insulin clearance (CLP). Results are presented as mean (SD). Two-way ANOVA and ANCOVA were done: sex and ethnicity were used as groups for both the analysis, while age, Tanner stage and body fat from DXA were the covariates. FEL is lower in AAc (19% (20%)) than EAc (33% (20%)), p = 0.0007). Adjusting for the covariates, ethnicity was still associated with lower FEL in AAc vs. EAc (p = 0.0012); sex had a slight but significant effect (FEL=24% (10%) in boys vs. 29% (10%) in girls, p = 0.04). FEL in HAc (28% (21%)) was not significantly different than either AAc or EAc (p>0.05), with or without covariates correction. No correlation between FEL and age was found in these children. Unlike FEL, CLP was not impacted by ethnicity or sex; similar values were observed among the three groups [27 (12), 21 (12), and 24 (28) mL/kg/min for AAc, HAc, and EAc, respectively; p > 0.05]. As the between-group differences in FEL are seen early in childhood, this suggests genetic factors likely contribute to those, rather than lifestyle, that might have a less evident effect at that age, instead. Playing a more important role than previously realized, the reduced insulin degradation would lead to hyperinsulinemia, insulin resistance, and possibly greater risk for type 2 diabetes in AA, compared to other ethnic groups. ER  - 
BMI Z-score trajectories in youth with T1D-an international comparison; Obesity in youth with type 1 diabetes (T1D) has emerged as a challenge in care. Data from the Australasian Diabetes Data Network (ADDN), Diabetes Prospective Follow-up (DPV) in Austria and Germany, and T1D Exchange (T1DX) registry in the U.S. were compared to assess international differences in BMI z-score trajectories in youth with T1D. Longitudinal data from 11,513 participants between ages 8-17 years with T1D duration >1 year. and >5 aggregated body mass index (BMI) values (ADDN: N=1073, 46% female, mean HbA1c 8.3%; DPV: N=8722, 46% female, mean HbA1c 7.8%; T1DX: N=1718, 45% female, mean HbA1c 8.6%) were analyzed. Participants diagnosed with celiac and/or thyroid disease were excluded. Latent class growth modeling by Nagin was used to identify subgroups following similar BMI z-score trajectories. Five distinct trajectories were identified in ADDN and T1DX participants, and six in DPV (Figure). In all registries most participants in ADDN and T1DX maintained weight status over time. However, obese (BMI z-score ≥2) participants from ADDN achieved weight loss over time, compared to obese participants in T1DX, whose BMI SD increased during the teen years. In DPV, there were trajectories indicating dramatic weight gain/loss during puberty. Further analysis by sex and minority status will help to understand the within-registry and between-registry variation and may help target clinical interventions to achieve healthy weight in youth with T1D. (Table Presented). ER  - 
Quarterly HbA1c surveillance in children with islet antibodies (IA) accurately predicts type 1 diabetes (T1D) timing; IA sensitively predict future T1D, but onset often occurs many years after seroconversion. Early diagnosis results in less DKA and milder initial disease, especially in young children. Using the international TEDDY cohort, we asked if quarterly HbA1c testing could predict T1D among pre-pubertal subjects with ≥1 persistent IA (GADA, IA2A, IAA). Mean(SD) age at seroconversion and T1D onset was 43(29) and 73(22) months respectively. Of 8,504 HLA high risk children, 456 had persistent confirmed IA, had undergone at least 3 quarterly HbA1c tests in the prior 12 months, and were not on diabetes drugs or diets. Of these, 104 progressed to T1D and 352 did not. Subjects were split into training (292 total, 62 progressors) and test (164 total, 40 progressors) datasets with similar characteristics. The optimal maximum HbA1c cutpoint within 1 year pre-onset to predict T1D, by ROC analysis, was similar in training and test datasets (p=0.66). For both, HbA1c ≥5.6% gave the best Youden index. Other factors significant for T1D risk in the training dataset included age at HbA1c test, month of HbA1c test, continent and IA2A titer, but not gender, family history, HLA type, seroconversion age, IAA titer nor T1D-related SNP genotypes. Adjusted for significant factors, the optimal HbA1c cutpoint of ≥5.6% for quarterly testing was 91% sensitive, 91% specific, 73% PPV and 98% NPV to predict T1D within 1 year in children with HLA and IA risk. The final predictive model fit both training and test data similarly (p=0.28). Median(SD) time from first HbA1c ≥5.6% to diagnosis was 8.6(4.5) months, enabling monitoring and education for earlier treatment. Quarterly HbA1c surveillance is cost-effective and clinically accessible. A hierarchical plan for pediatric T1D prediction is proposed comprising initial genetic screening, then IA surveillance of those at genetic risk, then HbA1c surveillance of those with IA, and finally close glycemic surveillance of those with HbA1c ≥5.6% to ascertain metabolic onset. ER  - 
Differential sex effects of systolic blood pressure and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol on type 2 diabetes: Life course data from the Bogalusa Heart Study; Background: There may be sex-specific cardiometabolic mechanisms early in life that affect the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) through mid-adulthood. However, few studies have examined whether early life course interactions between cardiometabolic risk factors and sex are associated with incident T2DM. Methods: This study followed 7725 children (3834 [49.6%] females, 3891 [50.4%] males) from the Bogalusa Heart Study through mid-adulthood to examine whether low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), body mass index (BMI), or systolic blood pressure (SBP) differentially affect the risk of T2DM for females versus males. Potential sex interactions were tested after adjusting for age, race, triglycerides, smoking, follow-up time, puberty stage, use of birth control, and enrollment year. Results: Mean (± SD) age at baseline was 9.4 ± 3.5 years. There were 176 cases of T2DM (cumulative incidence = 2.3%) during a median follow-up of 9.1 years. In females versus males, LDL-C and SBP were differentially associated with T2DM (P ≤ 0.001 and P = 0.017, respectively). The relationships of BMI and HDL-C with T2DM were non-differential between females and males (P = 0.79 and P = 0.27, respectively). Conclusions: This study is the first to show evidence of sex-specific differential effects of LDL-C and SBP on the risk of T2DM from childhood to adulthood. Greater LDL-C places girls at disproportionally higher risk of T2DM as women, whereas greater SBP differentially exposes boys to a greater risk of T2DM as men. Additional studies within existing child cohorts are needed to confirm and investigate the mechanisms underlying these differential effects. ER  - 
25OH vitamin D levels in pediatric patients affected by Prader–Willi syndrome; Purpose: Obesity, insulin resistance, and puberty seem to influence and been inversely associated with 25-hydroxy vitamin D (25OHD) levels. To our knowledge, a study on 25OHD in children and adolescents with Prader–Willi syndrome (PWS), a genetic form of obesity, is not yet available. Objective: To analyze the 25OHD values in pediatric PWS subjects in comparison with a control group (CNT), highlighting the possible correlations with IR, BMD, body composition, pubertal stage, and GH therapy (GHT). Methods: Auxological and laboratory parameters, HOMA-IR, Vitamin D status, and bone density and body composition by DEXA scan were analyzed in 52 PWS and 110 controls (CNT), gender-, age-, and BMI-SD matched. None of them was on calcium or vitamin D. 20 PWS were on growth hormone (GH) therapy and 32 were previously treated. Results and conclusion: Altogether, PWS had similar values of 25OHD compared to CNT.16 PWS (30.7%) and 27 CNT (24.5%) had low 25OHD levels (< 20 ng/ml) (p = NS). 25OHD of PWS on GHT were comparable to those previously treated. In both groups, univariate analysis showed a negative correlation between 25OHD and fat mass% (FM%). GH therapy and pubertal stage were positively correlated with bone parameters analyzed by DXA. Multivariate regression confirmed only FM% as negative predictor of 25HOD in PWS patients, as previously described. GHT does not seem to influence 25OHD in PWS. Conclusion: Our data showed that PWS had similar values of 25OHD compared to CNT. As already described, FM seems to be the only parameter influencing 25OHD levels. Finally, GHT does not seem to influence 25OHD metabolism in PWS. ER  - 
Do Different Diagnostic Criteria Impact Polycystic Ovary Syndrome Diagnosis for Adolescents?; Study Objective: Although early diagnosis of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) in adolescents might allow for earlier treatment and prevention of chronic disorders, incorrect or premature diagnosis carries risks of unnecessary treatment and psychological distress. There is no consensus concerning which diagnostic criteria to use for adolescents and current criteria vary. The objective of this study was to determine whether using different diagnostic criteria will affect PCOS diagnosis in adolescents. Design, Setting, and Participants: Fifty-two patients aged 13-18 years with at least 2 of the following criteria were included in the study: (1) oligomenorrhea or amenorrhea; (2) Clinical or biochemical hyperandrogenism; and (3) polycystic ovaries on ultrasonography. Patients were then categorized according to the 6 different criteria for PCOS. National Institutes of Health, Rotterdam criteria, Androgen Excess Society, Amsterdam criteria, Endocrine Society criteria, and the Pediatric Endocrine Society criteria. The characteristics of adolescents who were diagnosed with PCOS were also evaluated. Interventions and Main Outcome Measures: Forty-one patients out of 52 (78.8%) received diagnosis with National Institutes of Health and Endocrine Society criteria, all with Rotterdam criteria, 45/52 (86.5%) with Androgen Excess Society criteria, 36/52 (69.2%) with Amsterdam criteria and 34/52 (65.4%) with the Pediatric Endocrine Society criteria. Results and Conclusion: This study shows that the choice of guideline used does have a great effect on whether an adolescent received the PCOS diagnosis or not. For physicians using the broader criteria, care should be taken to ensure the patient does not receive diagnosis because of the physiological changes seen during puberty, which might mimic PCOS. For those using stricter criteria, close monitoring of patients who do not receive diagnosis is necessary to prevent chronic complications. ER  - 
Evaluation of clinical and laboratory findings in patients with hemoglobin e beta thalassemia in a single center in Kolkata, India; Background: Hemoglobin E thalassemia (HbEthal), which accounts for 50% of all severe beta thalassemia worldwide, has an estimated prevalence of 1.4/10,000 in West Bengal, from which little information about clinical findings has been reported. Objectives: To document clinical and laboratory findings in patients with HbEthal, ultimately to improve resources for clinical management. Design/Method: We reviewed records from: A database recording patient names; clinic charts; “special” charts containing additional details; and, in transfused patients, transfusion day-care records. Additionally, because in India's public hospitals original lab/imaging reports are commonly retained at home, 20% of families were interviewed to provide additional information. We excluded records of patients aged <5 years and patients aged <30 years who had not been reviewed since 2014. Results: While at least one visit had been recorded in 1,398 HbEthal patients at NRS Hospital, most patients are not regularly reviewed there.We examined 219 charts [84 (38%) aged ≥30 years; 135 (62%) aged 5-29 years; 61% male], representing approximately 70% of regularly-reviewed patients. Most families (84.9%) reported monthly incomes (<5,000 Indian rupees), below the monthly cost of living (70,000 rupees) in Kolkata. Mean (±SEM) hemoglobin was 6.9±1.1 g/dL. 43% patients were receiving eight or more transfusions per year; from 2013, 40% had been treated with deferasirox, 26.5±8.5 mg/kg/day. Iron control estimated by serumferritin concentration (1357.2±1187 μg/L) was highly variable. A total of 24% patients were splenectomized. A substantial obstacle to documenting complications was the lack of recording, in any of the five sources, ofmany relevant parameters: For example, the status of sexual maturation (normal, delayed, or absent) was documented in less than 60%, and measurements of fasting blood glucose in less than 50%, of records. Where recorded, complication rates were high: Delayed/abnormal sexual maturation was recorded in 15% patients aged >30 years; in the patients aged >30 years and those aged 5-29 years, respectively, hypothyroidism was recorded in 31% and 44%, and elevated serum ALT in 30% and 35%. In most evaluable patients >30 years, height was measured between the 3rd-10th percentiles. Cardiac findings, rarely documented, included pulmonary hypertension and reduced left ventricular ejection fractions in a few patients. Conclusion: Despite dedicated attention to many aspects of thalassemia care, insufficient documentation limited a clear understanding of the current morbidity in HbEthal patients. Investment in personnel and technology will be critical to record relevant information, ultimately to improve clinical management, over the next decade. ER  - 
Metabolic syndrome in childhood cancer survivors in South India; Background: While childhood cancer treatment modalities have improved, the delayed effects of cancer treatment continue to compromise the quality of life in survivors.Metabolic syndrome (MS) is diagnosed based on the presence of three of the following findings - obesity, dyslipidemia, hypertension and insulin resistance per theWorld Health Organization (WHO) criteria. The increased risk of MS among childhood cancer survivors was first reported in the 1990's and is known to increase the incidence of cardiovascular disease in these individuals. Objectives: Assess the frequency of MS in childhood cancer survivors at our institution. . Design/Method: We conducted a retrospective chart review on pediatric cancer survivors, 4 - 18 years of age, who had been treated at Sri Ramachandra Medical Institute and Research Foundation between August 2015 and August 2017. Patients who received at least one year of treatment with chemotherapy and/or radiation and surgery were included. Medical history, family history of diabetes, cardiovascular diseases, and hypercholesterolemia, Tanner staging, weight for height (<5y per WHO criteria), BMI (>5y per Indian Academy of Pediatrics IAP), blood pressure (NHLBI criteria), fasting blood sugar levels and lipid profile were obtained from the charts. Statistical analysis of the data was done using IBM SPSS statistical software (version 22). Results: 97 patients were studied, 63.9% were male. 22.68% were under 5 years of age, 38.14% between 6-10 years and 39.18% above 11 years. Leukemia survivors comprised 39.18% of the sample and non- leukemic's were 60.82%. 51.5% were treated with chemotherapy alone, 19.5% with radiotherapy and chemotherapy, and 28.8% underwent surgery with radiotherapy and chemotherapy. Hypertension was found in 19.5% of the study group, dyslipidemia in 68%, impaired fasting blood glucose in 4.12% and 36.08 % were found to be obese. 10% of the study group was diagnosed with MS based on WHO criteria. Conclusion: 10 % of our study population was found to have MS per WHO criteria. Individual metabolic complications were detected in 68% of the population. Acute Lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) survivors appeared to be at high risk in our population. MS has been known to increase cardiovascular complications in cancer survivors. A multidisciplinary team approach to management of these patients is important to closely monitor and manage the long-term complications related to MS such as Type 2 Diabetes and atherosclerosis. Such an approach is essential to decrease long term morbidity and mortality from MS in this vulnerable population. ER  - 
Klinefelter syndrome in childhood: Variability in clinical and molecular findings; Objective: Klinefelter syndrome (KS) is the most common (1/500–1/1000) chromosomal disorder in males, but only 10% of cases are identified in childhood. This study aimed to review the data of children with KS to assess the age and presenting symptoms for diagnosis, clinical and laboratory findings, together with the presence of comorbidities. Methods: Twenty-three KS patients were analyzed retrospectively. Age at admission, presenting symptoms, comorbid problems, height, weight, pubertal status, biochemical findings, hormone profiles, bone mineral density and karyotype were evaluated. Molecular analysis was also conducted in patients with ambiguous genitalia. Results: The median age of patients at presentation was 3.0 (0.04-16.3) years. Most of the cases were diagnosed prenatally (n=15, 65.2%). Other reasons for admission were scrotal hypospadias (n=3, 14.3%), undescended testis (n=2, 9.5%), short stature (n=1, 4.8%), isolated micropenis (n=1, 4.8%) and a speech disorder (n=1, 4.8%). The most frequent clinical findings were neurocognitive disorders, speech impairment, social and behavioral problems and undescended testes. All except two patients were prepubertal at admission. Most of the patients (n=20, 86.9%) showed the classic 47,XXY karyotype. Steroid 5 alpha-reductase 2 gene and androgen receptor gene mutations were detected in two of the three cases with genital ambiguity. Conclusion: Given the large number of underdiagnosed KS patients before adolescence, pediatricians need to be aware of the phenotypic variability of KS in childhood. Genetic analysis in KS patients may reveal mutations associated with other forms of disorders of sex development besides KS. ER  - 
Role of MRI T2-DRIVE in the assessment of pituitary stalk abnormalities without gadolinium in pituitary diseases; Objective: To investigate the role of T2-DRIVE MRI sequence in the accurate measurement of pituitary stalk (PS) size and the identification of PS abnormalities in patients with hypothalamic-pituitary disorders without the use of gadolinium. Design: This was a retrospective study conducted on 242 patients who underwent MRI due to pituitary dysfunction between 2006 and 2015. Among 135 eligible patients, 102 showed eutopic posterior pituitary (PP) gland and 33 showed 'ectopic' PP (EPP). Methods: Two readers independently measured the size of PS in patients with eutopic PP at the proximal, midpoint and distal levels on pre-and post-contrast T1-weighted as well as T2-DRIVE images; PS visibility was assessed on pre-contrast T1 and T2-DRIVE sequences in those with EPP. The length, height, width and volume of the anterior pituitary (AP), PP height and length and PP area were analyzed. Results: Significant agreement between the two readers was obtained for T2-DRIVE PS measurements in patients with 'eutopic' PP; a significant difference was demonstrated between the intraclass correlation coefficient calculated on the T2-DRIVE and the T1-pre-and post-contrast sequences. The percentage of PS identified by T2-DRIVE in EPP patients was 72.7% compared to 30.3% of T1 pre-contrast sequences. A significant association was found between the visibility of PS on T2-DRIVE and the height of AP. Conclusion: T2-DRIVE sequence is extremely precise and reliable for the evaluation of PS size and the recognition of PS abnormalities; the use of gadolinium-based contrast media does not add significant information and may thus be avoided. ER  - 
Parity associated with telomere length among US reproductive age women; Shorter telomeres have been associated with aging, parity, and multiple chronic diseases. A number of studies have reported that women with shorter telomeres are at increased risk of breast, ovarian, and uterine cancer; type 2 diabetes; cardiovascular disease; and atherosclerosis, as well as socio-environmental characteristics and stress. Despite these associations, there is a paucity of data on the relationship between parity and telomere length. To better understand the connection between parity and health, the authors examined the association between parity and telomere length in a cross-sectional survey of a nationally representative sample of reproductive age US women. Data were obtained from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES). The only NHANES survey periods including measurement of telomere length were during 1999 to 2002. Of the19,750 respondents participating in the 1999 to 2002 survey, 4056 were female and 1954 were 20 to 44 years old. Parity was defined as number of previous live births and was ascertained by questionnaire. The effect of parity was compared in 1554 parous and nulliparous women with complete case analysis. Leukocyte telomere length in relation to a standard reference DNA (T/S ratio) was measured using the polymerase chain reaction. Survey weighted linear regression was used to examine the relationship between leukocyte T/S ratio and parity. Regression models were adjusted for covariates (age, race/ethnicity, education, cigarette smoking status, body mass index, early age at menarche, and income-to-poverty ratio). After adjusting for covariates, the mean leukocyte T/S ratio was 4.2% shorter in parous compared with nulliparous women (95% confidence interval [CI], 0.9-7.3) among reproductive age women in the United States. Using estimated coefficients from the linear regression models and adjusted mean covariate values, parity was associated with 116 fewer base pairs (95% CI, 26-204) on average. The results should be interpreted with caution. Possible explanations for these findings include social factors, stress, and fertility status; the NHANES dataset lacked information on these factors. Because of its cross-sectional design, the study was unable to establish temporality. Prospective cohort studies are needed to better delineate the implications of parity on telomere length. These data from a nationally representative sample of US reproductive age women suggest that a history of live birth may be associated with shorter telomere length and accelerated cellular aging. The magnitude of the observed association (~11 years of accelerated cellular aging) was greater than that of the impact of smoking or obesity on telomere length. This suggests that parity may be an independent factor for cellular aging. Further studies are warranted. ER  - 
Rapid-onset obesity, hypothalamic dysfunction, hypoventilation, and autonomic dysregulation (ROHHAD) syndrome: A case report; Objective: The purpose of this case report is to summarize the clinical characteristics, diagnostic workup and outcome of a patient affected by ROHHAD syndrome. Method: We retrospectively reviewed the patient's clinical history. Introduction: Rapid-onset obesity, hypothalamic dysfunction, hypoventilation, and autonomic dysregulation (ROHHAD) syndrome is an infrequent but known clinical entity, and a possible cause of consulting to the pediatric pulmonology clinic as a sleep-related disorder. It is considered one of the nocturnal hypoventilation differentials; it might also present as a chronic progressive entity, such as the case present herein, highlighting the diagnostic challenge of this uncommon disease. Case report: A 4-year-old boy was admitted to our clinic, due to mental status obnubilation and acute respiratory failure, both hypercapnic and hypoxemic, in the context of an acute pneumonia. He required noninvasive ventilatory support, and finally he was intubated and ventilated. The patient is the child of non-consanguineous parents. No neurological or respiratory disease was previously reported in the family. Early medical history was remarkable for early developmental motor delay and hypotonia. Febrile seizures and poor exercise tolerance were also reported. Due to central obesity and short stature with delayed bone age -2.5 SD, he has been followed by an endocrinologist. On physical examination, the patient presented generalized hypotonia with shallow respiratory effort and weakness. General hyperreflexia, bilateral mydriasis, strabismus, and palpebral ptosis were also observed. Brain and spinal cord MRI were normal. Nerve conduction velocities were normal (including phrenic nerve stimulation and pyridostigmine test). Central nervous system infection was ruled out, toxics in urine were excluded and autoimmunity screening was negative. Heart function was normal. To remark, a hypernatremia and polyuria were found, which spontaneously resolved, with non-fulfilled criteria for diabetes insipidus. The patient's respiratory failure improved by day 12, being extubated to non-invasive ventilation (NIV) at day 13, and finally weaned on day 17. During hospital admission, he presented again with mixed respiratory failure and was reintubated. He had to be weaned to NIV because of persistent hypoventilation with hypercapnia. Significant dysautonomia was noted with episodes of hypothermia, bilateral mydriasis, and cold sweating, but no heart rate abnormalities (Holter and echocardiogram were normal). Lactate was mildly elevated (in the context of respiratory acidosis), and vitamin supplements were prescribed for suspected mitochondrial chain disorder. Subsequent studies (mitochondrial respiratory chain enzymatic activity and genetic analysis of mitochondrial DNA) were normal. He was discharged two months later with home bilevel NIV. He presented serial episodes of acute respiratory decompensation 7, 12 and 13 months after first admission, with short inpatient stays. At routine follow-up blood test at 7 years-old, a hypernatremia (159 mmol/l) was detected, without diabetes insipidus criteria, which resolved spontaneously. Holter monitoring was normal. At age 9 he moved to Italy. He presented another respiratory failure associated with respiratory infection, needing higher levels of NIV support. Thermal dysregulation and abnormal sweating were noted, believed to be of central origin. A polysomnography was performed in the absence of NIV: it showed normal sleep architecture, without sleep disordered breathing, AHI of 3.2 and 5.2 in supine position, mean oxygen saturation 92%, lowest 86% only briefly, CO2 was not measured, sporadic central events (hypopneas and one apnea). Late onset congenital hypoventilation syndrome was suspected but PHOX2B gene mutation was negative. At this time, he was started on growth hormone (GH) because of GH deficiency and negative stimulation test. On follow-up, hypernatremia with elevated plasma osmolality and elevated urine osmolality was noted, responding to fluid intake, but causing nocturnal enuresis which was distressing for the patient. Further hormone studies revealed central hypothyroidism, lower limit cortisol that responded to ACTH stimulation, and hyperprolactinemia. Hypothalamic dysfunction was diagnosed. A control brain and spinal cord MRI were performed and resulted normal. He was therefore treated with hormone replacement therapy: somatropin (GH), desmopressin, levothyroxine, and hydrocortisone in stress situations. At age 10, he returned to Barcelona. A polysomnography showed a rapid (within one hour) and marked oxygen desaturation, mean 89% and lowest 78% following an obstructive respiratory event, peak CO2 was 59 mmHg, the study was deemed positive for severe hypoxemia with hypercarbia and he continued on NIV with normalization on usual home pressures (IPAP 21, EPAP 8). At age 12, he moved to Germany. He presented another hypercapnic respiratory failure in the context of pneumonia which required intubation for two weeks. During that episode, he presented severe central and obstructive apneas that resulted in severe bradycardia with AV nodal escape rhythm and asystolia. An abnormally low heart rate was detected and a Holter study showed alternating sinus rhythm with low auricular rhythm, compatible with dysautonomia. Nowadays, at age 14, he is being followed in our clinic again. He keeps presenting episodes of daytime sleepiness, fatigue, speech problems, and crises of palpebral pseudoptosis. His spirometry is normal (FEV1 84%, FVC 80%, FEV1/FVC 90,MEF130%), and he keeps using home NIV for daytime naps and nocturnal sleep time. Holter monitoring shows normal sinus rhythm alternating with low auricular rhythm. Since atypical narcolepsy with low hypocretin levels in cerebrospinal fluid have been described, a lumbar puncture was performed but hypocretin levels were normal. An oncology screening protocol for neural cell tumors was negative. His stature is 155 cm (p21), weight 58.3 kg (p78), body mass index is 24.2 (p98), Bone age corresponds with chronological age, Tanner puberty stage P1G1, with both testes being 3 ml. Since puberty is delayed, he is started on testosterone. He is on hormone replacement therapy with GH, hydrocortisone, desmopressin, and levothyroxine. Neuropsychological study reveals normal intelligence quotient, but difficulties in planning, immediate visual memory, holding attention, orthography, and affective symptoms with difficulties establishing relationships. Conclusion: ROHHAD syndrome is a clinical diagnosis, and lacks a known specific gene marker. It should be included in the differential diagnosis of hypoventilation syndromes (Congenital Central Hypoventilation Syndrome, Ondine's syndrome, Prader Willi syndrome, neuromuscular diseases, structural or metabolic disorders) and especially suspected in patients with rapid-onset obesity or hypothalamic disorders. As has been published, not all the signs and symptoms appear at the same time and sleep-related breathing disorder can be the last one, hence endocrinologists should be aware of this feature and request sleep night studies regularly if ROHAAD syndrome is being suspected. ER  - 
Uric acid is associated with cardiometabolic risk factors in overweight and obese children and adolescents; Objective: This study examined the association of serum uric acid (UA) with levels of cardiometabolic risk factors in overweight and moderate obese children and adolescents. Design and method: Three hundred and thirty three Caucasians of both sexes (149 females), of European origin, from 5 to 18 years of age (mean age 11.4 2.6) were included. Overweight and obesity were defined based on the extended international body mass index cut-offs. The subjects were divided into 3 groups according to serum UA: < 5 mg/dl n = 118 subjects (35%); UA 5-6 mg/dl n = 130 subjects (39%) or UA > 6 mg/dl n = 85 subjects (26%). Fasting blood was obtained and uric acid, glucose, insulin, and lipid profile, were measured. Likewise office BP and 24-hour ABPM were assessed. Hyperinsulinemia was defined from norms for pubertal stage. Abnormal fasting lipids were defined from normative data (Daniels et al, 2008). Subjects were qualified as normotensive, high-normal or hypertensive according to the ESH criteria (Lurbe et al, 2016). Results: There were significant differences among groups regarding, BMI, waist, fasting insulin, office SBP and night-time SBP increasing progressively across the serum UA groups. Controlling by age and sex, uric acid was significantly correlated with BMI (r = 0.27, p = 0.000), waist (r = 0.33; p = 0.000), birth weight (r = -0.11; p = 0.05), office SBP (r = 0.21; p = 0.000), daytime SBP, (r = 0.16; p = 0.03), nighttime SBP (r = 0.24; p = 0.000), insulin (r = 0.25; p = 0.000), and Log Tryglicerides (r = -0.137; p = 0.019). In a multiple regression analysis sex, waist, birth weight, SBP (office, daytime and nighttime), were independent determinants of uric acid when age, BMI, HDLC and insulin were included (R2 = 0.29). The prevalence of hyperinsulinemia, low HDL-C, high-normal BP, and hypertension in each UA group are shown in the Figure. (Figure Presented) Conclusions: In overweight and moderate obese children and adolescents there is a trend toward greater prevalence of cardiometabolic risk factors as the uric acid values rose. The role of hyperuricemia and its association with cardiometabolic risk factors should receive more attention, beginning in early childhood. ER  - 
Risk factors and epidemiological features of pancreatic cancer in Iran; Introduction: Pancreatic cancer (PC) has the lowest survival rate of all cancers worldwide. PC is more common in affluent nations, but it is on the rise in developing countries. Although increasing in PC incidence is largely because aging, it is necessary to know its risks, to be able to control PC in developing countries. Methods: In a prospective study, cases (new incident pathology confirmed pancreatic adenocarcinoma) and controls (patients with GI motility disorders, but not any pancreatic disease or any cancer) were selected from who were referred to Shariati Hospital in Tehran, Iran from January 2011 to January 2018. A validated structured questionnaire was used to interview 462 PC cases and 476 matched controls (age and sex) before to made final diagnosis for the cases and controls. All cases and controls were under active follow up. Results: Themedian (6SD) age at time of PC diagnosis was 65611 years and 60.8%were male with a male-to-female ratio of 3:1. After adjustment for potential confounders, opiumuse (OR=1.97, 95% CI 1.09-3.28) and alcohol consumption (OR=3.88, 95%CI 1.89-8.63) were significantly associated with an increased risk of PC. No association was found between ever tobacco smoking and PC risk (OR=0.91, 95%CI 0.60 -1.43). Increasing consumption of barbecuing red meat and deep fried vegetables was associated with 67% and 70% increased risk of PC (p-value 0.025 and 0.006, respectively). In contrary to increasing frequency of fish consumption was associated with a lower risk of PC (OR=0.93, 95%CI 0.59-1.47; p for trend 0.009). Strong association was found between PC and obesity (OR=3.52, 95%CI 2.20 - 6.48) as well as long termdiabetes mellitus (OR=2.01, 95%CI 1.26 - 3.31). High-wealth status were inversely associated with risk of PC. Age at menarche and menopause, number of parity, gravidity, and abortion were not associated with PC risk in women.Median overall survival was 6.3 months. Only 5.3%of cases underwent a curative surgery. Cases who were married (6.4 vs 5.8months; log-rank P=.01), had university education (10.4 vs 5.9months; log-rank P=.004) and were urban residents (6.5 vs 5.3 months; log-rank P=.03) had longer survival. Patients with a tumor >4Cm, stage-III and those who consumed opiumhad the worst prognosis. Chemotherapy alone did not increase the patient's longevity. Conclusion: Obesity, diabetes mellitus, low socio-economic status, opium use and alcohol consumption, but no cigarette smoking, were associated with an increased risk of PC in our population. ER  - 
Visceral fat thickness and its associations with pubertal and metabolic parameters among girls with precocious puberty; Purpose: This study aimed to investigate associations of central obesity with sexual maturation and metabolic parameters in Korean girls with precocious puberty. Methods: This retrospective study evaluated data from 72 girls under 8 years of age with a chief complaint of early breast development. The patients were categorized as central precocious puberty (CPP) subjects or non-CPP subjects based on their gonadotropin-releasing hormone stimulation test results. Visceral fat thickness (VFT) was measured using ultrasonography and defined as the distance from the linea alba to the aorta. Patient anthropometric, metabolic, and hormonal parameters were also evaluated. Results: Increased VFT was correlated with an earlier onset of thelarche among all study subjects (r=-0.307, P=0.034). Overweight CPP subjects showed higher insulin resistance than normal weight CPP subjects. Insulin resistance was not significantly different between overweight and normal weight non-CPP subjects. VFT was not significantly different between CPP and non-CPP subjects (2.22±0.79 cm vs. 2.74±1.47 cm, P=0.169). However, overweight and obese CPP subjects (body mass index percentile>85%) had lower VFT than non-CPP obese subjects. Conclusion: Central obesity, defined using ultrasonography-measured VFT, might be associated with early pubertal development in Korean girls. However, VFT was not higher in CPP than non-CPP patients and was not significantly correlated with insulin resistance. Further longitudinal studies with a larger cohort are needed. ER  - 
Growth and pubertal development in adolescent male wrestlers; RESULTS: Anthropometric characteristics and puberty levels according to the Tanner stage were similar in both groups. There were no significant differences between wrestlers and sedentary control groups in sex hormones, cortisol, IGF-1, prolactin levels (P>0.05) but TSH concentrations differed significantly (P=0.015). CONCLUSIONS: The results suggested that training in adolescent male wrestlers did not significantly change resting sex hormones or alter the onset of puberty as determined by assessment of pubertal stages. The wrestlers had lower body fat and greater energy expenditure per week, there were no significant differences in height, weight, or BMI. BACKGROUNDː Adolescence is a crucial period for linear growth, and sports training during this time may have positive or negative effects on some physiological processes as growth. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the effects of intense training during somatic growth on the onset of puberty and growth development in adolescent wrestlers. METHODS: Fifty adolescent male wrestlers and twenty-one sedentary healthy male controls aged between 13-15 years were selected. The wrestlers were from five different wrestling schools and were active at competitive level. The maturity status of the subjects and data about the anthropometric characteristics including age, body weight, height, and Body Mass Index (BMI) were evaluated. Serum testosterone, dehydroepiandrosterone sulphate, follicle stimulating hormone, luteinizing hormone, prolactin, cortisol, insulin like growth factor-1 (IGF-1), thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH) and free thyroxin were determined. ER  - 
Oral glucose tolerance test glucose peak time is most predictive of prediabetes and hepatic steatosis in obese girls; Obese adolescent girls are at increased risk for type 2 diabetes, characterized by defects in insulin secretion and action. We sought to determine if later glucose peak timing (>30 minutes), 1-hour glucose > 155 mg/dl, or monophasic pattern of glucose excursion during an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) reflect a worse cardiometabolic risk profile. Post-pubertal overweight/obese adolescent girls without diabetes were studied (N = 88; age, 15.2 ± 0.2 years; body mass index percentile, 97.7 6 0.5). All participants completed an OGTT and body composition measures. Thirty-two girls had a four-phase hyperinsulinemic euglycemic clamp with isotope tracers, vascular imaging, and muscle mitochondrial assessments. Participants were categorized by glucose peak timing (≤30 min = early; > 30 min 5 late), 1-hour glucose concentration (±155 mg/dL) and glucose pattern (monophasic, biphasic). Girls with a late (N = 54) vs earlier peak (n = 34) timing had higher peak glucose (P < 0.001) and insulin (P = 0.023), HbA1c (P = 0.021); prevalence of hepatic steatosis (62% vs 26%; P = 0.003) and lower oral disposition index (P < 0.001) and glucagon-like peptide-1 response (P 5 0.037). When classified by 1-hour glucose, group differences were similar to peak timing, but minimal when classified by glucose pattern. In the > 155 mg/dL group only, peripheral insulin sensitivity and fasting free fatty acids were worse. A later glucose peak or > 155mg/dL 1-hour glucose predictsmetabolic disease risk in obese adolescent girls. This may defect incretin effects and first phase insulin response, and muscle and adipose insulin resistance. ER  - 
Cardiovascular risk biomarkers and metabolically unhealthy status in prepubertal children: Comparison of definitions; Background and aims: The early onset of cardio-metabolic abnormalities, known as metabolically unhealthy (MU) status, is highly associated with obesity and cardiovascular disease (CVD), as well as with increased morbidity and mortality later in life. Given the lack of a consensus MU classification for prepubertal children, we aimed to compare available MU definitions in terms of their association with CVD risk biomarkers. Methods and results: A total of 930 prepubertal children (622 with overweight/obesity, 462 males) aged 5–10.9 years were recruited, anthropometric measures were taken and biomarkers were analyzed. Children were classified using eight MU definitions based on different cut-offs for blood pressure, triacylglycerides, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, glucose and homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). MU prevalence in children with overweight/obesity ranged between 30% and 60% across definitions. Plasma concentrations of resistin, leptin, myeloperoxidase (MPO) and total plasminogen activator inhibitor 1 (tPAI-1) were higher, and those of adiponectin were lower, in MU compared to MH children with overweight/obesity. Linear regression analyses confirmed the contribution of MPO and tPAI-1 concentrations to MU status, with most significant results derived from definitions that use age and sex-specific criteria and that account for HOMA-IR. Conclusion: Plasma concentrations of MPO and tPAI-1 are increased in prepubertal MU children irrespective of having normal-weight or overweight/obesity. Inclusion of age and sex-specific cut-offs for cardio-metabolic components as well as insulin resistance criteria increases the quality of MU definitions as seen by their stronger association with CVD biomarkers concentrations. ER  - 
Glucose alteration and insulin resistance in asymptomatic obese children and adolescents; Objective: Obesity is associated with the abnormal glucose metabolism preceding type 2 diabetes mellitus. Thus, further investigation on the prediction of this lethal outcome must be sought. The objective was the profile glycemic assessment of asymptomatic obese children and adolescents from Salvador, Brazil. Method: A fasting venous blood sample was obtained from 90 consecutive obese individuals aged 8–18 years, of both sexes, for laboratory determinations of glycated hemoglobin, basal insulin, and the Homeostasis Model Assessment Insulin Resistance index. The clinical evaluation included weight, height, waist circumference, assessment of pubertal development, and acanthosis nigricans research. The body mass index/age indicator was used for the severity of overweight assessment. Results: Glycemic alterations were evidenced clinically and biochemically, although these individuals had no complaints or symptoms related to blood sugar levels. Quantitative and qualitative variables were respectively expressed measures of central tendency/dispersion and simple/relative frequency, using the SPSS, version 20.0. A p-value <0.05 was considered significant. Conclusion: Notably, this study found a high prevalence of glucose and insulin disorders in asymptomatic obese children and adolescents. ER  - 
The effect of impaired glucose metabolism on weight loss in multidisciplinary childhood obesity treatment; Objective: To investigate whether children and adolescents exhibiting an impaired glucose metabolism are more obese at treatment entry and less likely to reduce their degree of obesity during treatment. Methods: The present study is a longitudinal observational study, including children and adolescents from the Children's Obesity Clinic, Holbæk, Denmark. Anthropometrics, pubertal development, socioeconomic status (SES), and fasting concentrations of plasma glucose, serum insulin, serum C-peptide, and whole blood glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) were collected at treatment entry and at follow-up. Proxies of Homeostasis Model Assessment 2-insulin sensitivity (HOMA2-IS) and Homeostasis Model Assessment 2-β-cell function (HOMA2-B) were calculated with the Homeostasis Model Assessment 2 program. Results: In total, 569 (333 boys) patients, median 11.5 years of age (range 6-22 years), and median body mass index (BMI) z-score 2.94 (range 1.34-5.54) were included. The mean BMI z-score reduction was 0.31 (±0.46) after 13 months (range 6-18) of treatment. At treatment entry, patients with impaired estimates of glucose metabolism were more obese than normoglycemic patients. Baseline concentration of C-peptide was associated with a lower weight loss during treatment in girls (P =.02). Reduction in the insulin concentrations was associated with reduction in BMI z-score in both sexes (P <.0001, P =.0005). During treatment, values of glucose, HbA1c, HOMA2-IS, and HOMA2-B did not change or impact the treatment outcome, regardless of age, sex, SES, or degree of obesity at treatment entry. Conclusion: The capability to reduce weight during multidisciplinary treatment in children and adolescents with overweight/obesity is not influenced by an impaired glucose metabolism at study entry or during the course of treatment. ER  - 
Pharmacogenomics in diabetes: outcomes of thiamine therapy in TRMA syndrome; Aims/hypothesis: Diabetes is one of the cardinal features of thiamine-responsive megaloblastic anaemia (TRMA) syndrome. Current knowledge of this rare monogenic diabetes subtype is limited. We investigated the genotype, phenotype and response to thiamine (vitamin B1) in a cohort of individuals with TRMA-related diabetes. Methods: We studied 32 individuals with biallelic SLC19A2 mutations identified by Sanger or next generation sequencing. Clinical details were collected through a follow-up questionnaire. Results: We identified 24 different mutations, of which nine are novel. The onset of the first TRMA symptom ranged from birth to 4 years (median 6 months [interquartile range, IQR 3–24]) and median age at diabetes onset was 10 months (IQR 5–27). At presentation, three individuals had isolated diabetes and 12 had asymptomatic hyperglycaemia. Follow-up data was available for 15 individuals treated with thiamine for a median 4.7 years (IQR 3–10). Four patients were able to stop insulin and seven achieved better glycaemic control on lower insulin doses. These 11 patients were significantly younger at diabetes diagnosis (p = 0.042), at genetic testing (p = 0.01) and when starting thiamine (p = 0.007) compared with the rest of the cohort. All patients treated with thiamine became transfusion-independent and adolescents achieved normal puberty. There were no additional benefits of thiamine doses >150 mg/day and no reported side effects up to 300 mg/day. Conclusions/interpretation: In TRMA syndrome, diabetes can be asymptomatic and present before the appearance of other features. Prompt recognition is essential as early treatment with thiamine can result in improved glycaemic control, with some individuals becoming insulin-independent. Data availability: SLC19A2 mutation details have been deposited in the Decipher database (https://decipher.sanger.ac.uk/). ER  - 
Serum concentrations of fatty acid-binding protein 4 in Chinese children with type 1 diabetes mellitus; Objective: The aim of this study was to test the serum concentrations of fatty acid-binding protein 4(FABP4) in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) and to determine the relationship between patients with good and poor glycaemic control who were classified according to their glycated hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) levels. Methods: Children with T1DM were selected consecutively from our department from May 2016 to May 2017. For comparison, the same non-diabetic, age, sex, BMI and pubertal stage-matched healthy children were selected consecutively among non-diabetic children. Serum levels of FABP4 were batch analyzed using a commercially available ELISA assay. Patients were categorized into two groups according to their glycaemic control (Poor glycaemic control is HbA1c > 7.0% and good is ≤7.0%). Results: In this study, 118 children with T1DM and 118 control cases were included. The mean serum FABP4 concentrations were significantly (P <.001) higher in T1DM as compared to controls. There was a modest correlation between serum concentrations of FABP4 and duration of diabetes (r = 0.484, P <.001). Fifty-two patients were defined as poor glycaemic control (HbA1c > 7.0%). The mean serum FABP4 concentrations were significantly (P =.002) higher in the poor glycaemic control as compared to the good glycaemic control. After adjusting for all other predictors, FABP4 remained an independent poor glycaemic control indictor with an adjusted OR of 1.07 (95% CI, 1.01–1.13; P =.03). Conclusions: The present results indicated that FABP4 concentrations were increased and independently associated with the poor glycaemic control in Chinese children with T1DM. ER  - 
Branched Chain Amino Acids, Androgen Hormones, and Metabolic Risk Across Early Adolescence: A Prospective Study in Project Viva; Objective: This study aimed to examine the associations of two obesity-related metabolite patterns with changes in metabolic biomarkers during early adolescence. Methods: Multivariable linear regression was used to examine associations of branched chain amino acid (BCAA) and androgen hormone patterns with changes in glycemia (fasting glucose, insulin, homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance), adipokines (leptin, adiponectin), inflammation (C-reactive protein, interleukin-6), lipid profile, and blood pressure during ∼5 years of follow-up among 213 children aged 6 to 10 years at baseline. Covariates included baseline age, pubertal status, biomarker level, and BMI percentile, and age at follow-up. Interactions with sex and baseline BMI percentile were also considered. Results: The median age at baseline was 7.7 years; 48.8% were boys. In adjusted models, each 1 unit of the BCAA pattern corresponded with a 4.82 (95% CI: 0.92 to 8.71) mg/dL decrease in fasting glucose in boys. In girls, the BCAA pattern was associated with an increase in triglycerides (4.17 [0.03 to 8.32] mg/dL). The androgen pattern was associated with decreased leptin (−2.35 [−4.34 to −0.35] ng/dL) and increased C-reactive protein (0.28 [0.03 to 0.54] mg/dL) in girls. These relationships did not differ by baseline BMI percentile. Conclusions: The BCAA and androgen hormone metabolite patterns are related to changes in metabolic parameters in a sex-specific manner during early adolescence. ER  - 
Association of age at menarche with obesity and hypertension among southwestern Chinese women: A new finding; Objectives: The purpose of this study was to assess the association of the age at menarche with obesity and hypertension among southwestern Chinese women. Methods: Participants in a cross-sectional study were required to recall and complete a standard self-reporting questionnaire, including age at menarche and lifestyle habits. Cardiovascular risk factors were obtained from the questionnaire or a physical examination. The main outcomes were obesity and hypertension. The association was examined by binary logistic regression and birth cohort. Odds ratios for adiposity and hypertension were computed across menarcheal ages. Results: A cohort of 7,119 women with a mean age of 44.7 years was included in the study. After adjustments, odds ratios (and 95% confidence interval) for obesity across menarcheal age categories (≤11, 12-13, 14-15, 16-17, ≥18) were 3.75 [1.35-10.41], 1.15 [0.90-1.48], 1 (referent), 0.92 [0.75-1.12], and 0.74 [0.58-0.96], respectively (Ptrend < 0.001). For hypertension, they were 0.38 [0.13-1.08], 1.03 [0.80-1.33], 1 (referent), 1.21 [0.98-1.49], and 1.39 [1.08-1.80], respectively (Ptrend = 0.03). After adjustment by birth cohort, age at menarche was not associated with obesity but was still positively associated with hypertension. Conclusions: This study is the first to report that, among southwestern Chinese women, a late menarche tends to be associated with a high risk of hypertension, but with a low risk of obesity. The association between menarche and obesity tends to differ among birth cohorts. Knowledge of the menarcheal history could be a preventive marker for cardiovascular disease. ER  - 
Impaired fasting glucose and the metabolic profile in Danish children and adolescents with normal weight, overweight, or obesity; Objective: Whether the definitions of impaired fasting glucose (IFG) from the American Diabetes Association (ADA) and the World Health Organization (WHO) differentially impact estimates of the metabolic profile and IFG-related comorbidities in Danish children and adolescents is unknown. Methods: Two thousand one hundred and fifty four (979 boys) children and adolescents with overweight or obesity (median age 12 years) and 1824 (728 boys) children with normal weight (median age 12 years) from The Danish Childhood Obesity Biobank were studied. Anthropometrics, blood pressure, puberty, and fasting concentrations of glucose, insulin, glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c), and lipids were measured. Results: About 14.1% of participants with overweight or obesity exhibited IFG according to the ADA and 3.5% according to the WHO definition. Among individuals with normal weight, the corresponding prevalences were 4.3% and 0.3%. IFG was associated with a higher systolic blood pressure, higher concentrations of HbA1c, insulin, C-peptide (P <.0001) and triglycerides (P =.03), and lower HOMA2-IS and HOMA2-B (P <.0001) independent of sex, age, puberty, waist-to-height ratio, and degree of obesity. Furthermore, IFG was associated with a higher risk for hypertension (OR = 1.66 [95%CI: 1.21; 2.28], P =.002) and dyslipidemia (OR = 1.90 [95%CI: 1.38; 2.56], P <.0001) compared with the group without IFG independent of age, sex, and puberty. Conclusions: The prevalence of IFG, when applying the ADA criterion compared with the WHO criterion, was 4 times higher in individuals with overweight and obesity and 14 times higher in individuals with normal weight in this study sample of children and adolescents. IFG was associated with a higher risk of hypertension and dyslipidemia compared with their normoglycemic peers regardless of the definition applied. ER  - 
Low-grade inflammation and muscular fitness on insulin resistance in adolescents: Results from LabMed Physical Activity Study; Background: Low muscular fitness (MF) and low-grade inflammation has been linked to insulin resistance (IR). Objective: To evaluate the associations between MF and a clustered score of inflammatory biomarkers on IR and to investigate the combined impact of MF and inflammation on IR in adolescents. Methods: This is a cross-sectional analysis with 529 adolescents (267 girls) aged 12 to 18 years. Pubertal stage, socioeconomic status, adherence to the Mediterranean diet, cardiorespiratory fitness, and waist circumference were assessed. Standing long-jump and isometric handgrip dynamometry were used as indicators of MF. Continuous score of clustered inflammatory biomarkers (InflaScore) (sum of Z-scores of C-reactive protein, C3, C4, fibrinogen, and leptin) and IR (homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance [HOMA-IR] estimated from fasting serum insulin and glucose) were assessed. Results: HOMA-IR and fasting insulin were positively associated with InflaScore and negatively associated with MF, independently of age, sex, pubertal stage, socioeconomic status, adherence to the Mediterranean diet, cardiorespiratory fitness, and waist circumference. Adolescents classified as High InflaScore/Unfit showed significantly higher HOMA-IR when compared than those with High InflaScore/Fit and those with Low InflaScore/Fit (F(3,519) = 4.761, P <.003), after adjustments for potential confounders. Unfit adolescents with high InflaScore had the highest odds of expressing high HOMA-IR (odds ratio, OR = 2.40, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.2-5.6) and insulin risk (2.53 95% CI, 1.5-5.9) when compared to those of the Low InflaScore/Fit group, after adjustments for potential confounders. Conclusion: Higher levels of MF seem to minimize the deleterious effect of inflammation on IR. ER  - 
Racial/ethnic minority Youth with recent-onset type 1 diabetes have poor prognostic factors; OBJECTIVE: To compare races/ethnicities for characteristics, at type 1 diabetes diagnosis and during the first 3 years postdiagnosis, known to influence long-term health outcomes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We analyzed 927 Pediatric Diabetes Consortium (PDC) participants <19 years old (631 non-Hispanic white [NHW], 216 Hispanic, and 80 African American [AA]) diagnosed with type 1 diabetes and followed for a median of 3.0 years (interquartile range 2.2-3.6). Demographic and clinical data were collected from medical records and patient/parent interviews. Partial remission period or "honeymoon" was defined as insulin dose-adjusted hemoglobin A1c (IDAA1c) ≤9.0%. We used logistic, linear, and multinomial regression models, as well as repeated-measures logistic and linear regression models. Models were adjusted for known confounders. RESULTS: AA subjects, compared with NHW, at diagnosis, were in a higher age- and sexadjusted BMI percentile (BMI%), had more advanced pubertal development, and had higher frequency of presentation in diabetic ketoacidosis, largely explained by socioeconomic factors. During the first 3 years, AA subjects were more likely to have hypertension and severe hypoglycemia events; had trajectories with higher hemoglobin A1c, BMI%, insulin doses, and IDAA1c; and were less likely to enter the partial remission period. Hispanics, compared with NHWs, had higher BMI% at diagnosis and over the three subsequent years. During the 3 years postdiagnosis, Hispanics had higher prevalence of dyslipidemia and maintained trajectories of higher insulin doses and IDAA1c. CONCLUSIONS: Youth of minority race/ethnicity have increased markers of poor prognosis of type 1 diabetes at diagnosis and 3 years postdiagnosis, possibly contributing to higher risk of long-term diabetes complications compared with NHWs. ER  - 
Growth hormone in combination with leuprorelin in pubertal children with idiopathic short stature; Objective: There is a scarcity of data from randomised controlled trials on the association of growth hormone (GH) with gonadotrophin-releasing hormone agonists in idiopathic short stature (ISS), although this off-label use is common. We aimed to test whether delaying pubertal progression could increase near-adult height (NAH) in GH-treated patients with ISS. Methods: Patients with ISS at puberty onset were randomised to GH with leuprorelin (combination, n = 46) or GH alone (n = 45). NAH standard deviation score (SDS) was the primary outcome measure. The French regulatory authority requested premature discontinuation of study treatments after approximately 2.4 years; patients from France were followed for safety. Results: Mean (s.d.) baseline height SDS was −2.5 (0.5) in both groups, increasing at 2 years to −2.3 (0.6) with combination and −1.8 (0.7) with GH alone. NAH SDS was −1.8 (0.5) with combination (n = 19) and −1.9 (0.8) with GH alone (n = 16). Treatmentemergent adverse events and bone fractures occurred more frequently with combination than GH alone. Conclusion: Due to premature discontinuation of treatments, statistical comparison of NAH SDS between the two cohorts was not possible. During the first 2–3 years of treatment, patients treated with the combination grew more slowly than those receiving GH alone. However, mean NAH SDS was similar in the two groups. No new GH-related safety concerns were revealed. A potentially deleterious effect of combined treatment on bone fracture incidence was identified. ER  - 
Children with type 1 diabetes who experienced a honeymoon phase had significantly lower LDL cholesterol 5 years after diagnosis; ImportanceLandmark studies showed that partial clinical remission in new-onset type 1 diabetes is associated with reduced prevalence of long-term complications, but early clinical indicators of this favorable outcome are poorly characterizedAimTo determine if there were any differences in lipid parameters, especially LDL-cholesterol, between remitters and non-remitters 4 to 5 years after the diagnosis of type 1 diabetes after controlling for hemoglobin A1c, body mass index, and pubertal statusSubjects and methods A longitudinal retrospective cohort study of 123 subjects of mean age 11.9 ± 2.9 years, [male 11.7 ± 2.9 years, (n = 55); female 12.0 ± 2.9 years, (n = 68), p = 0.60] with type 1 diabetes of 4–5 years duration. Anthropometric and biochemical data were collected at the 4th or 5th year after diagnosis in line with the American Diabetes Association recommendation to initiate screening for complications in children either at the beginning of puberty or 4–5 years after diagnosis. Puberty was defined by Tanner stages II-V. Partial clinical remission was defined by the gold-standard insulin-dose adjusted hemoglobin A1c (IDAA1c) of 9ResultsThere were 44 (35.8%) remitters (age 13.0 ± 2.5y; male 52.3%). Both the total cholesterol and LDL-cholesterol were significantly lower in remitters compared to non-remitters: LDL-C: 78.8 ± 28.7 mg/dL vs. 91.6 ± 26.5 mg/dL, p = 0.023; and total cholesterol: 151.5 ± 32.6 mg/ dL vs. 167.0 ± 29.6 mg/dL, p = 0.015. Other lipid fractions were similar between the groups. There were no differences between the groups for glycemic control, body mass index z score, thyroid function, celiac disease occurrence, or vitamin D status. A greater number of remitters were in puberty compared to non-remitters (86.4% vs. 60.8%, p = 0.006). LDL-C concentration was similar in prepubertal remitters vs. non-remitters (p = 0.93), but was significantly lower in remitters in puberty compared to non-remitters in puberty (p = 0.018) after adjusting for age and duration of diabetesConclusionsChildren with type 1 diabetes who underwent a honeymoon phase had significantly lower LDL cholesterol 5 years after diagnosis. This early divergence in lipidemia may explain the dichotomy in the prevalence of long-term complication in type 1 diabetes between remitters and non-remitters. It also offers a pathway for targeted lipid monitoring in type 1 diabetes, by establishing non-remission as a non-modifiable risk factor for vascular complication in type 1 diabetes ER  - 
CYP11B1 is a key adrenal steroidogenesis factor influencing skeletal maturation in children of school age; Objective: Advanced or delayed physiological age influences health and disease processes. Skeletal age is a proxy of physiological age determined on carpal bones. We performed the first genome-wide association study (GWAS) meta-analysis on skeletal maturation in children of school age. Methods: Meta-analysis included children from the Generation R Study (GenR: n = 3510; age = 9.79 ± 0.33) multiethnic birth cohort in Rotterdam, NL and the multi-centric Bone Mineral Density in Childhood Study (BMDCS: n = 1048; mean age = 11.34 ± 1.79) in the US. Skeletal age was assessed in X-ray (BMDCS) or DXA (GenR) images of the hand using the Greulich and Pyle method. Participants were genotyped with Illumina HumanHap 610K (GenR) and OmniExpressExome (BMDCS) arrays imputed to the 1000GP reference panel. Association between genotypes and SA was tested using linear regression (GenR) and linear mixed models (BMDCS) corrected for sex, age, BMI (and 10 PCs in GenR). Fixed-effects inverse variance meta-analysis using METAL was performed and significance set at P\5 9 10-8. Splicing expression quantitative trait loci (eQTL) analysis was performed in GTEx RNA-seq data using MAJIQ. Results: One sole association signal for SA was identified mapping to 8q24.3 lead by a CYP11B1 synonymous coding variant (rs6410; MAF(T) = 0.48; beta = 0.1; P = 1.1 9 10-11) with in-silico predicted protein domain abolition affecting splicing regulation. GTEx local splicing variation eQTL analysis showed significant evidence (P = 6.75 9 10-15) for a splicing change (skipping exon 4) in T-allele carriers. Conclusion: We identified one novel locus robustly associated with skeletal age in children likely driven by a coding variant in CYP11B1 (or others in high LD) influencing splicing regulation and potentially resulting in differential skeletal maturation. While mutations in CYP11B1 cause congenital adrenal hyperplasia (monogenic disorder presenting with precocious puberty), our findings are the first to implicate a genetically-determined role of adrenal steroidogenesis in the process of pediatric skeletal maturation in healthy children. ER  - 
Autoantibodies in human growth correlate positively with body dimensions; Objective: Insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF1) influences bone growth. Its receptor (IGF1R) has been shown to be involved in functional pathologies of body dimensions (e.g. in the Laron syndrome). We specifically designed an autoantibody (aAb) assay against the IGF1R, which is able to detect IGF1R-aAb in serum. We aimed to investigate the role of IGF1R-aAb in a large populationbased cohort of middle-aged volunteers and their potential effects on bone and anthropometric characteristics. Methods: Biochemical and clinical parameters of 966 volunteers (55% female and 45% male) of the BioPersMed cohort (Biomarkers in Personalized Medicine, Medical University Graz) were analysed to identify putative differences between IGF1R-aAb positive (binding index higher than 3 times background) and control subjects. Laboratory data in combination with DXA-derived measurements of bone density, dimensions and body composition were calculated in relation to increased IGF1R-aAb detection. Unpaired 2 tailed T-test was used to test for statistical significance. Results: IGF1R-aAbs were identified in 6.0% of all volunteers (7.6% in females and 5.2% in males). IGF1R-aAb positive volunteers showed significantly higher bone density (p = 0.001), different body composition (p = 0.012) and a significant increase in body height [ + 4.1 cm in men (p = 0.002) and + 1.6 cm in women (p = 0.1)], with a more pronounced effect in men. There was no difference in age or BMI between the groups. Mean age of the cohort was 57.7 y ± 8.1 in women and 58.4 y ± 9.0 in men. Summary and Conclusions: With a considerable prevalence in our population-based cohort, IGF1R-aAbs may affect body height and dimensions by modulating bone growth. However, regulation, origin and relation to metabolic and hormonal pathways remain to be clarified. Therefore, research and monitoring of IGF1R-aAbs before puberty and during lifetime is a compelling approach to elucidate the mechanisms around IGF1R-aAbs and their potential effects. ER  - 
Is obesity a trigger for puberty?; Introduction: The timing of puberty, the transition from child to adult, varies widely between individuals. This wide variation is implicated in psychological concerns and risk-taking behaviours during adolescence, and it also has important relevance for long-term health. In general, earlier timing of puberty is associated with higher risks for premature mortality and health outcomes, such as obesity, type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease and sex steroid-sensitive cancers. Methods: This talk will highlight findings from cohort studies, trials and population genetics studies. Results: A major role of childhood obesity in promoting earlier timing of puberty is supported by many epidemiological studies, particularly in girls. On the contrary, obese boys are sometimes reported to have delayed puberty. Secular trends towards earlier puberty timing appear to coincide with population-level markers of nutritional sufficiency, but it is curious that the secular trends have slowed in settings where childhood obesity is still rising. Genome-wide association studies (GWAS), which genotype hundreds of thousands of common genetic variants located across the entire genome, have identified hundreds of specific genetic determinants of pubertal timing. These findings substantiate strong mechanistic links between obesity and earlier timing of puberty, as well as between earlier timing of puberty and later disease risks. While many genomic loci implicate genes that regulate the hypothalamo-pituitary-gonadal axis, many others implicate genes that regulate energy homeostasis and weight gain, as well as obesity-independent pathways to later disease. Conclusion: Puberty timing is an important outcome to be considered in the evaluation of interventions that aim to avoid or reduce childhood obesity. ER  - 
Metabolic health of metabolically healthy overweight adolescents: Beyond metabolic syndrome definition and components; Introduction: Metabolically healthy overweight (MHO) adolescents may be at a lower risk of cardiovascular disease compared to those metabolically unhealthy. However, many overweight adolescents may be wrongly defined as MHO, since MHO definitions are usually just based on the absence of Metabolic Syndrome (MS) or MS-related components. The aims of this study were: (i) to determine the prevalence of MHO adolescents in a sample of overweight adolescents attending a Pediatric Obesity Clinic according to the two most widespread definitions; (ii) and to investigate the presence of abnormal metabolic indicators, other than those included in the definition of Metabolic syndrome (e.g. total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), insulin, HOMA-IR, Alanine aminotransferase (ALT) and C-reactive protein (CRP). Methods: Anthropometric and clinical data from 327 overweight adolescents (51.4% girls), mean BMI z-score 2.81 ( ± .84), mean age 14.3 ( ± 2.2), were retrospectively analyzed. Two criteria were used to define MHO: Criterion 1, up to one of the MS components; Criterion 2, absence of any MS component. TC ≥ p95, LDL-C ≥ p95, IR as HOMA-IR ≥ p90, ALT ≥ p95 for age/pubertal status and gender, and CRP >.30 mg/dl were considered as abnormal. Results: According to Criteria 1 and 2, 271 (82.9%) and 122 (37.3%) adolescents were considered as MHO, respectively. Independently of the criteria used, MHO adolescents shown a lower BMI z-score (C1- 2.73 ± .80 vs 3.02 ± .94, p = 0.016; C2- 2.56 ± .70 vs 2.91 ± .86, p = < 0.001) and body fat mass (C1- 41.7 ± 6.8 vs 43.9 ± 6.7, p = 0.042; C2- 40.6 ± 6.8 vs 42.9 ± 6.8, p = 0.005). According to Criterion2, MHO adolescents also shown to be younger (165 ± 24.6 vs 173 ± 26.6, p = 0.007) and with a lower waist circumference (97.2 ± 11.2 vs 104.3 ± 14, p < 0.001). With the exception of insulin resistance, which prevalence was lower among MHO adolescents (C1-44.9 vs 68.5%, p = 0.002; C2-37.8 vs 55.8%, p = 0.003), all the other non-MS related indicators were not significantly statistically different between MHO and non-MHO adolescents. Around one-quarter (C1-26.2%; C2-24.6%) of the MHO adolescents presented two or more metabolic comorbidities not included in the MS definition (Figure 1). Only 13.5% of the adolescents had none of the components either those included in the definition of MS or the ones we have considered for this study. Conclusion: MHO definition should not be only based on the MS definition, and may benefit from the inclusion of other metabolic indicators commonly impaired in this population. The stratification of overweight adolescents based on their metabolic health phenotype may be crucial to determine the most appropriate therapeutic strategy, and to identify those who should be targeted as a priority for a more intensive weight management. (Figure Presented). ER  - 
Prevalence of hypertension in Italian obese children and its association with atherogenic index of plasma; Introduction: Childhood obesity is associated with cardiometabolic abnormalities. Atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) is a strong predictor of cardiovascular risk in adults [Onat A, et al. J Clin Lipidol. 2010;4(2):89- 98]. The aim of the present study was to evaluate the prevalence of white coat and masked hypertension and to investigate a possible association between hypertension and AIP in a population of Italian obese children. Methods: A cohort of 38 obese children (18 boys and 20 girls) was recruited. For each child blood pressure measurements (BP office mean of 3 measurements) [Flynn JT et al. Pediatrics. 2017;140(3)] and 24 hours ambulatory blood pressure monitoring (24h-ABPM) Flynn JT et al. Hypertension. 2014;63(5):1116-35] were performed. Fasting blood samples were analyzed for lipids, insulin and glucose. The Atherogenic Index of Plasma, intended as Log(Triglycerides/HDL), was calculated. Logistic regression models were used to analyze the association between hypertension and AIP. Values of p < 0.05 were considered to indicate statistical significance. The statistical package for social sciences (SPSS) package version 22.0 was used for the statistical analysis. Results: Mean (SD) age and BMI z-score of recruited children were 11.6 (1.9) years and 2.9 (0.6), respectively. Out of 38 children, 11 (28.9%) were classified as hypertensive with both Methods; 3 children (7.9%) were diagnosed as white-coat hypertensive and 12 children (31.6%) were classified as masked hypertensive. The prevalence of hypertension according to office BP measurements and 24h-ABPM was of 36.8% (14 children) and 60.5% (23 children), respectively. Hypertension diagnosed by 24h-ABPM was associated with AIP (p = 0.044). This result did not change when age, sex and Tanner stage were included (p = 0.048). Hypertension, evaluated by office BP measurements, was not associated with AIP (p = 0.401). Conclusion: Prevalence of hypertension evaluated by 24h-ABPM and masked hypertension were in line with existing literature. Moreover, preliminary data of this study show, for the first time in literature, that only hypertension evaluated by 24h-ABPM and not that evaluated by office BP measurements is associated with higher values of AIP in obese children. These results suggest a prominent role of a combined cardiologic and blood analysis evaluation in detecting children at cardiovascular risk, underlying the importance of using 24h-ABPM in obesity follow-up also during paediatric age. ER  - 
Sex specific differences exist in BMI trajectories from childhood to young adulthood among type 1 diabetes patients-a longitudinal group-based modeling approach based on the DPV registry; Introduction: The prevalence of obesity was shown to increase in paediatric patients with type 1 diabetes (T1D) over the last decades. Thus, we aimed to investigate whether there are distinct body mass index (BMI) trajectories in T1D from childhood to young adulthood and to explore relations to demographic and disease related factors. Methods: A total of 5,665 subjects (51% males) with T1D from the DPV system were followed up from the age of 8 to 20 years. Inclusion criteria were diabetes duration >1 year and a documented BMI z-score at 8 years. Exclusion criterion was a missing BMI in more than 5 follow-up years. BMI z-scores were calculated based on national pediatric reference data from the KiGGS study. The LCGM (latent class mixture model) approach was applied to model BMI z-score trajectories over time and to identify distinct subgroups following similar patterns. Results: Six distinct trajectories of BMI z-score could be identified (Figure 1A). The “overweight” group comprised 9.9%, the “stable high” group 25.1% and the “weight gain” group 19.7% of the subjects. Sex specific analysis revealed 6 BMI z-score trajectories in girls with patterns similar to the whole group (Figure 1B). For boys, only 5 nearly stable BMI z-score trajectories were found (Figure 1C). Multinomial regression showed that boys were more likely to be in the “low stable” (Figure 1A orange line; OR 1.4 (1.1;1.8)) and the “weight loss” group (Figure 1A purple line; OR 1.3 (1.1;1.5)) whereas girls more often showed pubertal “weight gain” (OR 2.0 (2.0;2.5), a “stable high BMI” (OR 2.0 (1.7;2.5) or “chronical over overweight”( OR 1.7 (1.4-2.0). “Stable high” BMI or “chronic overweight” were related to higher frequencies of dyslipidemia (OR 1.4 (1.1;1.7) and 2.0 (1.5;2.7)) and hypertension (OR 2.0 (1.6;2.5) and 2.8 (2.0;3.7)). Furthermore, subjects in the chronic overweight group were more often treated with the long-acting insulin analogue glargine (OR 1.7 (1.1;2.7)). Conclusion: As shown before, the majority of type 1 diabetes youths had a BMI z-score trajectory above the average age- and gender-specific BMI of the national reference group. Distinct sex specific BMI-z-score trajectories indicate the need for personalized treatment (Figure Presented). ER  - 
The use of stimulated gonadotrophin measurements to assess the response to GNRH analog therapy in children with central precocious puberty attending endocrine service in our Lady's Children Hospital in Crumlin; Precocious puberty is one of the common conditions encountered in pediatric endocrinology practice. Central precocious puberty is gonadotropin-dependent while peripheral precocious puberty is gonadotropin-independent. Clinical diagnosis is confirmed by gonadotrophinreleasing hormone (GnRH) stimulation test. The mainstay treatment for central precocious puberty is GnRH analogs. Our practice in Our Lady's Children Hospital in Crumlin (OLCHC) is to repeat GnRH stimulation test in three months to ensure adequate suppression of puberty on treatment. In this study we aim to assess the outcome and the value of the second GnRH stimulation test and to compare the level of sex hormones pre-treatment and after starting the treatment. We carried a retrospective analysis of children who were diagnosed and started on treatment for central precocious puberty in OLCHC and had a repeated GnRH stimulation test on treatment between January 2016 and December 2017. Data regarding peak Leutinzing hormone and sex hormones pre and ontreatment were compared. A total of 17 patients (13 girls and 4 boys) were included in the review. All children had suppressed gonadotrophin on the second GnRH stimulation test. 77% of the girls had unmeasurable oestradiol on treatment and those who had measurable levels on treatment, their level was low and significantly less than prior treatment. Similar finding was observed in the boys' group. These findings show that central precocious puberty is biochemically suppressed in children treated with GnRH analogs and routine second GnRH stimulation test is not indicated unless individual clinical signs or symptoms indicate otherwise. ER  - 
Habitual flavonoid intake from fruit and vegetables during adolescence and serum lipid levels in early adulthood: A prospective analysis; Flavonoids have been implicated in the prevention of cardiovascular diseases (CVD). In a prospective approach, we investigated whether habitual flavonoid intake from fruit, vegetables and juices (FlavFVJ) during adolescence is associated with adult levels of serum lipids, one of the main CVD risk factors. This analysis included healthy participants from the Dortmund Nutritional and Anthropometric Longitudinally Designed (DONALD) study, who had provided a fasting blood sample in adulthood (aged 18–39 years), data on FlavFVJ intake during adolescence (females: 9–15 years, males: 10–16 years)—estimated either from multiple 3-day weighed dietary records (n = 257), or from validated biomarker hippuric acid (uHA) excretion from multiple 24-h urine samples (n = 233)—together with information on relevant covariates. In multivariable linear regression analyses, a higher FlavFVJ intake during adolescence was independently associated with higher serum high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) levels among males (Ptrend = 0.038); however, the inclusion of adult waist circumference attenuated this association (Ptrend = 0.053). FlavFVJ was not associated with triglycerides (TG), total cholesterol (TC) or low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C; all Ptrend ≥ 0.1), nor was uHA excretion with any serum lipid outcome among males (all Ptrend ≥ 0.5). Neither FlavFVJ intake nor uHA excretion was associated with serum lipids among women (all Ptrend ≥ 0.1). However, a higher flavonoid intake from fruit and vegetables was independently related to lower LDL-C levels (Ptrend = 0.021), while a higher intake from juices was associated with higher LDL-C levels (Ptrend = 0.016) among females. In conclusion, a higher flavonoid intake from fruit, vegetables and/or juices during adolescence may be linked to cholesterol levels in early adulthood in a sex- and food source-specific manner. ER  - 
Change in overweight from childhood to early adulthood and risk of type 2 diabetes; BACKGROUND Childhood overweight is associated with an increased risk of type 2 diabetes in adulthood. We investigated whether remission of overweight before early adulthood reduces this risk. METHODS We conducted a study involving 62,565 Danish men whose weights and heights had been measured at 7 and 13 years of age and in early adulthood (17 to 26 years of age). Overweight was defined in accordance with Centers for Disease Control and Prevention criteria. Data on type 2 diabetes status (at age ≥30 years, 6710 persons) were obtained from a national health registry. RESULTS Overweight at 7 years of age (3373 of 62,565 men; 5.4%), 13 years of age (3418 of 62,565; 5.5%), or early adulthood (5108 of 62,565; 8.2%) was positively associated with the risk of type 2 diabetes; associations were stronger at older ages at overweight and at younger ages at diagnosis of type 2 diabetes. Men who had had remission of overweight before the age of 13 years had a risk of having type 2 diabetes diagnosed at 30 to 60 years of age that was similar to that among men who had never been overweight (hazard ratio, 0.96; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.75 to 1.21). As compared with men who had never been overweight, men who had been overweight at 7 and 13 years of age but not during early adulthood had a higher risk of type 2 diabetes (hazard ratio, 1.47; 95% CI, 1.10 to 1.98), but their risk was lower than that among men with persistent overweight (hazard ratio [persistantly overweight vs. never overweight], 4.14; 95% CI, 3.57 to 4.79). An increase in body-mass index between 7 years of age and early adulthood was associated with an increased risk of type 2 diabetes, even among men whose weight had been normal at 7 years of age. CONCLUSIONS Childhood overweight at 7 years of age was associated with increased risks of adult type 2 diabetes only if it continued until puberty or later ages. (Funded by the European Union.). ER  - 
Hemochromatosis C282Y gene mutation as a potential susceptibility factor for iron-overload in Egyptian beta-thalassemia patients; Background: Hereditary hemochromatosis is the most frequent cause of primary iron overload that is associated with HFE gene's mutation especially the C282Y mutation. The interaction between hemoglobin chain synthesis’ disorders and the C282Y mutation may worsen the clinical picture of beta-thalassemia major (β-TM). Aim: To establish the prevalence of the C282Y mutations in Egyptian β-TM patients and to address its adverse effects. Methods: Two-hundred and five β-TM patients were recruited and divided into two groups based on their serum ferritin (SF); group I (N = 125) (SF ≤ 2500 ng/dl) and group II (N = 80) (SF > 2500 ng/dl). All patients were subjected to clinical and laboratory assessment with special emphasis on iron overload complications. Genotyping was assessed by polymerase chain reaction for detection of C282Y mutation in HFE gene. Results: The C282Y mutation was not detected in the studied β-TM neither in homozygous nor heterozygous state. There were several iron overload complications including cardiac complication (9.1%), liver disease (36.6%), delayed puberty (56.6%), primary (35.71%) and secondary amenorrhea (21.42%), short stature (27.3%), diabetes (3.4%), neutropenia (9.7%), arthralgia (10.2%), gastrointestinal (21.1%), depression (2.9%) and others (12.05%). Group I showed a statistically significant lower rate of taking iron-rich diet when compared to group II. Group II showed significant longer mean duration of disease, higher total transfusion rate per life, lower mean HbF% level, higher mean HbA% level, and higher rate of elevated liver enzymes than patients with SF ≤ 2500 ng/dl. Conclusion: The C282Y mutation was not detected in the studied cohort of Egyptian β-TM patients neither in homozygous nor heterozygous state in spite of manifestations of iron overload complications. ER  - 
Recombinant growth hormone therapy for prepubertal children with idiopathic short stature in Korea: a phase III randomized trial; Purpose: Several studies have evaluated the effects of growth hormone (GH) on auxological and biochemical parameters in children with non-GH-deficient, idiopathic short stature (ISS). This study evaluated the efficacy and safety of Growtropin®-II (recombinant human GH) in Korean patients with ISS. Methods: This was a 1-year, open-label, multicenter, phase III randomized trial of Growtropin®-II in Korean patients with ISS. In total, 70 prepubertal subjects (39 males, 31 females) between 4 and 12 years of age were included in the study. All patients were naive to GH treatment. Results: Annual height velocity was significantly higher in the treatment group (10.68 ± 1.95 cm/year) than the control group (5.72 ± 1.72, p < 0.001). Increases in height and weight standard deviation scores (SDSs) at 26 weeks were 0.63 ± 0.16 and 0.64 ± 0.46, respectively, for the treatment group, and 0.06 ± 0.15 and 0.06 ± 0.28, respectively, for the control group (p < 0.001). Serum insulin-like growth factor (IGF-1) and insulin-like growth factor binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) increased significantly in the treatment group at week 26 compared to baseline. However, the SDS for body mass index (BMI) at 26 weeks did not change significantly in either group. Growtropin®-II was well tolerated and safe over 1 year of treatment. Conclusions: One-year GH treatment for prepubertal children with ISS demonstrated increased annualized velocity, height and weight SDSs, and IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 levels, with a favorable safety profile. Further evaluations are needed to determine the optimal dose, final adult height, and long-term effects of ISS treatment. ER  - 
Endocrine manifestations in children with Williams–Beuren syndrome; Aim: Endocrine abnormalities in Williams–Beuren syndrome (WBS) include growth retardation, precocious puberty, hypercalcaemia and thyroid disorders. We aimed to characterise these abnormalities in a national cohort of children with WBS. Methods: A retrospective study comprising a national cohort of individuals with WBS in Israel (16 males, 18 females) followed between 2010 and 2016. Results: The age at diagnosis of WBS was 1.4 ± 1.0 years. Height standard deviation score (SDS) at last visit was correlated with the midparental height SDS (r = 0.46 p = 0.007). Yet, participants did not reach their midparental height, with a difference of 1.40 ± 0.85SD (p < 0.001). Short stature below the 3rd percentile was found in 14 participants (41%). Mean insulin-like growth factor 1 SDS was low (−0.61 ± 1.64) and was correlated with the mean height SDS (r = 0.63 p = 0.038). Two participants were diagnosed with growth hormone deficiency, and initiation of growth hormone treatment improved their height velocity. A total of eight participants (23.5%) had mild hypercalcaemia, five girls (14.7%) had precocious puberty and five participants (14.7%) had thyroid abnormalities. Conclusion: Individuals with WBS had a distinct growth pattern consisting of growth restriction at all ages, resulting in final adult height in the low-normal range. Precocious puberty, hypercalcaemia and thyroid abnormalities should be screened for and treated as needed. ER  - 
Postoperative Diabetes Insipidus and Hyponatremia in Children after Transsphenoidal Surgery for Adrenocorticotropin Hormone and Growth Hormone Secreting Adenomas; Objectives: To define the incidence and risk factors of postoperative sodium alterations in pediatric patients undergoing transsphenoidal surgery (TSS) for adrenocorticotropic hormone and growth hormone secreting pituitary adenomas. Study design: We retrospectively reviewed 160 patients ≤18 years of age who had TSS for pituitary adenomas at our institution from 1999 to 2017. Variables included daily serum sodium through postoperative day 10, urine specific gravity, and medications administered. We examined associations between sex, repeat surgery, manipulation of the posterior pituitary (PP), tumor invasion into the PP, tumor type and size, cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) leak, lumbar drain insertion, body mass index, puberty, and development of diabetes insipidus (DI) or syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion (SIADH). Results: Mean age was 12.9 ± 3.4 years (female = 81). Patients had adrenocorticotropic hormone (150/160) and growth hormone (10/160) producing adenomas. Forty-two (26%) patients developed DI. Among the 37 of 160 who required desmopressin acutely, 13 of 37 required it long term. Risk of long-term need for desmopressin was significantly higher in patients who had CSF leak 9 of 48 (P =.003), lumbar drain 6 of 30 (P =.019), manipulation 11 of 50 (P <.001), or invasion 4 of 15 (P =.022) of the PP. Sixty patients developed hyponatremia, 19 because of SIADH, 39 to hypotonic fluids and 2 to cerebral salt wasting syndrome. Patients with SIADH were placed on fluid restriction; 1 received salt tablets. Conclusions: Among 160 children who underwent TSS for pituitary adenomas, the incidence of DI and SIADH after TSS was 26% and 14%, respectively. Combined risk factors for DI and/or SIADH include female sex, manipulation of and/or tumor invasion into the PP, and CSF leak or lumbar drain. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT00001595 and NCT00060541. ER  - 
Short Sleep Duration Is Weakly Associated with Carotid Intima-Media Thickness in Adolescents; Objective: To investigate the relationship between sleep duration and carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT) in adolescents. We hypothesized that short sleep duration was associated with an increased CIMT. Study design: This was a cross-sectional study. Healthy participants aged 10-18 years were recruited from a school-based cohort established to examine the prevalence of obstructive sleep apnea in Hong Kong. All participants completed a prospective 7-day sleep diary, underwent anthropometric measurements, overnight polysomnography, and CIMT assessment. Overweight participants or those with an obstructive apnea hypopnea index of ≥5 were excluded from analysis. Regression analysis was used to assess the association between CIMT and sleep duration and other possible correlates. Results: One hundred forty-two participants completed the assessments. Male participants tended to have shorter sleep duration than females (P =.012). There were no differences in age, body mass index, Tanner developmental stage, or parental history of hypertension between groups of different sleep durations. There was a weak but significant association between short sleep duration and CIMT (r = −0.273; P <.001). Conclusion: Sleep duration was found to have a weakly negative association with CIMT. Further research is needed to determine whether adult adverse cardiovascular events may originate in childhood owing to short sleep duration. ER  - 
Clinical Features and Response to Treatment of Prolactinomas in Children and Adolescents: A Retrospective Single-Centre Analysis and Review of the Literature; Background: Paediatric prolactinomas are rare. The aim of this study was to investigate the clinical features and outcome of paediatric patients with prolactinomas. Methods: In this single-centre retrospective analysis, clinical, biochemical, and radiological features of all paediatric patients with pituitary adenomas diagnosed between 2000 and 2016 were evaluated. Results: Among 21 patients with pituitary adenomas, 12 patients with prolactinomas (median age 14.2 years, range 11-16.6 years, 8 females, 4 males) were identified (7 macro- and 5 microprolactinomas). The most common clinical symptoms were headaches (67%) and pubertal delay (67%). All patients with macroprolactinomas with prolactin concentrations >10,000 mU/L had at least 1 pituitary hormone deficiency. Cabergoline as first-line treatment (n = 11, median follow-up of 37 months, range 12-89 months) induced normoprolactinemia (n = 8), reduced the mean tumour volume by 80%, and ameliorated headaches (p = 0.016) and pubertal delay (p = 0.031), whereas intermittent moderate side effects occurred in 55%. Conclusion: Adolescents with headaches and pubertal delay should be investigated for prolactinomas. Treatment with cabergoline is well tolerated and effective in reducing clinical symptoms and prolactin concentrations was well as inducing tumour shrinkage. Further clinical prospective studies are needed to standardize paediatric treatment modalities. ER  - 
Growth Trajectory in Children with Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus: The Impact of Insulin Treatment and Metabolic Control; Background: Linear growth was reported to be negatively affected by type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM), in relation to disease duration and poor metabolic control. It is unclear whether a subtle growth failure still persists despite the optimization of therapy. Our aim was to analyse pubertal growth, adult height, and metabolic profile in a cohort of children with T1DM undergoing intensive insulin treatment by multiple daily injections or continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion (CSII). Methods: One-hundred and four children (51 males) with prepubertal onset of T1DM were prospectively followed up to final height attainment. Results: Age at puberty onset was 11.7 ± 1.1 years in males and 10.9 ± 1.3 in females. Age at adult height attainment was 16.4 ± 1.6 years in males and 14.1 ± 1.8 years in females. Pubertal height gain was 24.4 ± 4.9 cm in males and 19.0 ± 3.8 cm in females. HbA1c, HDL cholesterol, and triglyceride levels increased during puberty. HDL cholesterol levels were higher in patients treated with CSII. Height standard deviation score (SDS) at diagnosis (0.52 ± 1.04) was higher than target height SDS (0.01 ± 1.07), but declined afterwards, and both height SDS at puberty onset (0.22 ± 1.1) and adult height SDS (-0.1 ± 1.02) were not significantly different from target height SDS. BMI SDS showed a positive trend from diagnosis to puberty onset and stabilized later (-0.04 ± 1.4 at T1DM onset, 0.55 ± 2.1 at puberty onset, and 0.53 ± 2.1 at adult height attainment). Conclusions: Although subtle abnormalities of growth still persist, the modern advancements of insulin therapy are able to normalize puberty and final height of children with T1DM. ER  - 
Randomised study found that improved nutritional intake was associated with better sleep patterns in prepubertal children who were both short and lean; Aims: Nutrition and sleep are prerequisites for linear growth and we addressed the under-researched role of sleep in this equation. Methods: This was a prospective randomised, double-blinded, placebo-controlled study of nutritional supplements in 164 healthy lean, short, prepubertal children with 83 in the supplement group and 81 in the placebo group. From November 2010 to November 2013, we focussed on children aged three to nine years referred for specialist growth assessments to the Schneider Children's Medical Center, Israel. Progress was assessed using anthropometric measurements, sleep questionnaires and three-day food diaries at baseline and after the six-month intervention. Results: Children in the supplement group who took at least 50% of the recommended dose had shorter sleep latency than those who did not (p = 0.046). Children who fell asleep in less than 15 minutes had significantly improved standard deviation scores for weight (0.25 ± 0.34 versus 0.07 ± 0.36, p = 0.044) and height (0.09 ± 0.13 versus 0.03 ± 0.13, p = 0.057) than those who took longer to fall asleep. Positive correlations were found between mean sleep duration and caloric and macronutrient intake per kilogram. Conclusion: Adequate nutritional intake was associated with better sleep patterns and may enhance linear growth. ER  - 
The effect of letrozole and metformin on endometrial histology in patients with disordered proliferative endometrium; Objectives: This study intended to explore whether letrozole and metformin can change endometrial histology in the patients diagnosed with disordered proliferative endometrium. Materials and Methods: In a pre- and post-interventional study, 31 patients with abnormal uterine bleeding (AUB) were participated to receive 5 mg letrozole and 500 mg metformin daily for 3 months after pathology report of disordered proliferative endometrium. The effect of this combination therapy on endometrial histology was evaluated through comparing the endometrial histology results before and after the intervention. Results: After treatment with letrozole and metformin, 77.4% of patients showed significant response to therapy in the form of inactive and atrophic endometrium (P < 0.001). The clinical response to treatment was observed in 18 (58.1%) women as complete relief from bleeding and decreased hemorrhage in 6 (19.4%) women. Conclusions: Based on the results of this study, letrozole and metformin can be successfully used for treatment of disordered proliferative endometrium. Hence, the effects of these medications deserve to be noticed for careful treatment of the patients with AUB. ER  - 
Students of color have better health in school environments that value diversity; The present research examines what characteristics of school environments might protect the health of students of color. Specifically, it explores whether students of color have better heath when they attend schools that value diversity. Participants were 274 healthy eighth grade students (mean age = 13.91, 36.50% male, 28.04% white) who attended 120 different schools. To assess whether schools valued diversity, we adapted the methodology of previous work showing that schools' mission statements can be coded to reliably capture schools' values (Morley et al., 2015). Specifically, we coded whether the schools' mission statements mentioned diversity-related goals (e.g., teaching students to live in a multicultural world) or not. Outcomes of interest were metabolic syndrome and inflammation. Metabolic syndrome components (waist circumference, blood pressure, HDL cholesterol, triglycerides, and insulin resistance) were combined into two composites: 1) a count of the components on which participants met International Diabetes Federation criteria for elevated risk and 2) a sum of participants' standardized scores on each component. An inflammation composite was computed by summing participants' log transformed standardized levels of circulating interleukin(IL)-6, IL-8, IL-10, C reactive protein, and tumor necrosis factor alpha. Analyses using Hierarchical Linear Modeling software showed that participants' race and whether the school valued diversity interacted to predict the count of metabolic syndrome signs (b = .71, SE = .24, p = .004), the metabolic standardized score sum (b = 2.18, SE = .66, p = .001), and the inflammation composite (b = 2.05, SE = .79, p = .01) composites. Among students of color, attending a school that valued diversity predicted a lower metabolic syndrome component count (b =-.38, SE = .19, p = .045), lower scores on the metabolic standardized score sum (b =-1.29, SE = .46, p = .006), and lower scores on the inflammation composite (b =-1.20, SE = .50, p= .02). These associations were independent of child sex, age, and pubertal stage; family's savings; and the schools' student body demographics and student-teacher ratio. Among white students, the pattern reversed, though not significantly (ps > .12). These findings suggest that inclusive school environments may protect the health of people from underrepresented backgrounds. ER  - 
Postnatal Changes in Testicular Position Are Associated with IGF-I and Function of Sertoli and Leydig Cells; Context Despite clinical guidelines calling for repetitive examination of testicular position during childhood, little is known of normal changes in testicular position during childhood, let alone factors that control it. Objective To assess changes in and factors associated with testicular position during childhood. Design Testicular position (the distance from the pubic bone to the upper pole of the testes) at birth, 3 months, 18 months, 36 months, and 7 years and reproductive hormones at 3 months were measured. Setting Prenatally recruited, prospective longitudinal birth cohort. Participants A total of 2545 boys were recruited prenatally in a Danish-Finnish birth cohort and had a testicular position examination available. A subset of 680 Danish and 362 Finnish boys had serum reproductive hormone concentrations and insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) determined at 3 months. Main Outcome Measures Testicular distance to pubic bone (TDP), serum reproductive hormone, and IGF-I concentrations. Results TDP increased from birth to 3 months and decreased thereafter. Length, gestational age, weight for gestational age, and penile length were positively associated with larger TDP and thus lower testicular position in a linear mixed-effect model. Furthermore, IGF-I concentration, inhibin B/follicle-stimulating hormone ratio, and testosterone/luteinizing hormone ratio were all independently and positively associated with longer TDP. Conclusions We provide longitudinal data on postnatal changes in TDP. TDP is dynamic and associated with Leydig and Sertoli cell function as well as with IGF-I levels during the first months of life at mini-puberty of infancy. TDP may thus be a useful biomarker of postnatal testicular function. ER  - 
Substantial gender differences in longitudinal arterial stiffness in children on ART; Background: Atherosclerotic vascular disease (AVD) is the major determinant of morbidity and survival in adult HIV+ persons on long-term suppressive antiretroviral therapy (ART), with women affected less severely than men. Whether this gender difference is present before puberty is unknown. HIV-specific mechanisms of AVD pathogenesis are uncertain but there is good evidence that AVD originates in childhood. AVD progression is reflected in pulse wave velocity (PWV), a direct measure of arterial stiffness. Methods: Prospective PWV over 2 years in a long-standing cohort of well-suppressed HIV+ children (all PrEPubertal at entry) and an existing well-matched HIV-uninfected control group consisting of HIV-exposed (HEU) and -unexposed (HUU) children from the same communities and socio-economic background. Possible risk factors were modeled using forward stepwise regression: age, gender, serum cotinine (measures tobacco smoke exposure), fasted total cholesterol, HDL, LDL, triglycerides, glucose, blood pressure, extensive anthropometrics including waist circumference, waist-hip ratio, and body mass index. Linear mixed effects model used to compare longitudinal change in PWV in HIV+ and HIV- boys and girls. Results: 87 HIV+ (median age 7.7 [IQR: 7.6-7.8] years, 46% male) who initiated ART at median 9 (7-12) weeks of age, with cumulative time on ART of median 7.1 (6.7-7.5) years and normal CD4 counts. 53 uninfected (31 HUU; 22 HEU) of median age 8.5 (7.8-8.7) years, 60% male, with similar anthropometric z-scores between groups (p>0.10). PWV z-score for height and gender (PWVz) was abnormally elevated in HIV+ children compared with HIV-unexposed (median 3.9 versus 3.4, p=0.02). In the HIV+ model, arterial stiffness was predicted by fasting glucose (p<0.0001), waist circumference (p<0.0001) and gender, but not by lipids. Among HIV+, PWVz was higher in boys than girls at baseline (median 4.0 versus 3.3, p=0.006), but both slowly improved with accumulating time on suppressive ART (Figure 1). PWVz improved more quickly in boys than girls (mean improvement -0.53 per year in boys versus -0.27 in girls; p<0.0001) but remained higher than girls after 2 years (Figure 1). No change in arterial stiffness was seen in HIV-uninfected over time in either gender. Conclusion: In PrEPubertal children on suppressive ART, arterial stiffness is abnormally elevated in both genders, with boys more severely affected. Over 2 years, boys improved more quickly than girls but remain more severely affected. (Figure Presented). ER  - 
Congenital hypogonadotropic hypogonadism and constitutional delay of growth and puberty have distinct genetic architectures; Objective: Congenital hypogonadotropic hypogonadism (CHH) and constitutional delay of growth and puberty (CDGP) represent rare and common forms of GnRH deficiency, respectively. Both CDGP and CHH present with delayed puberty, and the distinction between these two entities during early adolescence is challenging. More than 30 genes have been implicated in CHH, while the genetic basis of CDGP is poorly understood. Design: We characterized and compared the genetic architectures of CHH and CDGP, to test the hypothesis of a shared genetic basis between these disorders. Methods: Exome sequencing data were used to identify rare variants in known genes in CHH (n = 116), CDGP (n = 72) and control cohorts (n = 36 874 ExAC and n = 405 CoLaus). Results: Mutations in at least one CHH gene were found in 51% of CHH probands, which is significantly higher than in CDGP (7%, P = 7.6 × 10-11) or controls (18%, P = 5.5 × 10-12). Similarly, oligogenicity (defined as mutations in more than one gene) was common in CHH patients (15%) relative to CDGP (1.4%, P = 0.002) and controls (2%, P = 6.4 × 10-7). Conclusions: Our data suggest that CDGP and CHH have distinct genetic profiles, and this finding may facilitate the differential diagnosis in patients presenting with delayed puberty. ER  - 
Ontogeny of female dominance in ringtailed lemurs: Behavioral and hormonal evidence; Female social dominance in ring-tailed lemurs (Lemur catta) has been extensively characterized in observational studies, yet examinations of its development and proximate mechanisms are still lacking. Specifically, it is unknown how and in what forms female dominance is reflected during development. To address these questions, we recorded behavior and assayed biomarkers from 23 ring-tailed lemurs housed at the Duke Lemur Center across a period of 30 months. Behavioral observations were performed opportunistically from 3-30 months of age (315 hours of total observation). From blood samples collected approximately every three months during the study period, we performed enzyme immunoassays to assess concentrations of testosterone (T), androstenedione (A4), estradiol (E2), and insulin-like growth factor (IGF-1); n = 107-198. Concentrations of sex steroids were mostly below detectable limits before surging at puberty (21-24 months). Consistent with previous findings in adult ring-tailed lemurs, we observed primate-typical sex differences in mean T and A4, but comparatively smaller sex differences in A4. Averaging across the juvenile period, we find that males play longer and more initiate play more frequently than females. Interestingly, A4 concentrations peaked before puberty and coincided with reduced rates of play in females, but not males, which may indicate a potential mechanism for female dominance that warrants further investigation. Future analyses will build latent trajectories of behavior and hormones to generate predictions for any time point during the study period. ER  - 
Study of risk factors for low bone mass in postmenopausal women from Argentina; Background: Osteoporosis causes more than 8.9 million fractures annually in the world. Fractures have high morbidity and mortality in the population. Multiples factors can negatively contribute on bone mass leading to osteopenia and osteoporosis. Moreover, the risks factor could affect treatment efficacy. Objectives: The aim of this study was study the risk factors for low bone mass in postmenopausal women. Methods: An observational study was carried out. The clinical records of postmenopausal women (n=232) derived to our center for the study of bone mass were analyzed. Exclusion criteria: autoimmune disease, chronic renal disease, diabetes mellitus, cancer, AIDS, chronic hepatic failure. 167 patients were excluded because autoimmune disease (n=80), diabetes mellitus (n=50), cancer (n=35) and chronic renal disease (n=2) and 65 postmenopausalwomen were included in this study. The results are expressed as mean±SD. Results: The main characteristic of this population were= age: 66.7±9.4 [range 46-91]; menarche: 12.0±1.2; years of menopause: 19.2±9.4; body mass index (BMI): 27.3±5.9 (BMI<18.5=1.5% 18.5-24.9=41.6% 25-29.9=32.3%; >30=24.6); calcium intake >500 mg/day: 26.1%; current smoking: 18.5%; alcohol 3 or more units/day: 12.3%; parent fractured hip: 9.2%. The 41.5% was treated to bone mass, 70.4% with one drug (mainly ibandronate and alendronate) and 29.6% had been switched to a second drug (mainly denosumab) 31% received vitamin D supplement. The basal lumbar spine (LS) bone mineral density (BMD) [Lunar Prodigy] was 0.902±0.150 g/cm2 T-score -2.2±1.3 and the basal femoral neck (FN) BMD was 0.729±0.115 T-score -2.1 ±1.0. According to densitometry evaluation, 52.3% had osteoporosis, 43.0% osteopenia and 4.6% normal bone mass. However, 18.5% (n=12) showed vertebral fracture (VF) and 36.9% (n=24) non-vertebral fractures. Only 1 VF was symptomatic and the others were findings in the dorsal and lumbar spine Rx. The VF distribution were: 8.3% lumbar, 58.4% dorsal, 33.3% dorsal and lumbar. Seven patients showed only 1 VF and 5 had 2 or more VF. The non-VF were mainly in radio and femoral neck. The basal biochemical parameters were= calcium: 9.3±0.7 mg/dl; phosphate: 3.3±0.5 mg/dl; total alkaline phosphate: 129.9±259.9 U/l [range 27-2002]; parathormone: 99.0±203.0 pg/ml [range 30-1424]; Dpd: 8.7±3.5 nm/mM Cr 25(OH) vitamin D: 22.4±10.2 ng/ml. Finally, 35.4% had secondary hyperparathyroidism, 4.6% primary hyperparathyroidism (2 case of adenoma and 1 carcinoma) and 15.4% hipercalciuria. Conclusions: High percentage of hyperparathyroidism, vitamin D deficiency, low calcium intake and vertebral and non-vertebral fractures were found. In addition to the BMD evaluation, a comprehensive evaluation of the patients is required including anamnesis of the risk factors and bone laboratory. ER  - 
Perirenal fat is related to carotid intima-media thickness in children; Background/Objectives:It is well known that increased abdominal fat is associated with cardiovascular (CV) risk. Perirenal fat has been recently associated with CV risk in adults. However, studies with children are lacking. We investigated the relationship of perirenal fat and other abdominal fat depots (including preperitoneal, intra-Abdominal and subcutaneous fat) with carotid intima-media thickness (cIMT-a surrogate marker of CV risk) in prepubertal children, so as to identify novel markers that can be easily assessed and used in the early prevention of cardiovascular disease.Subjects/Methods:Subjects were 702 asymptomatic prepubertal Caucasian children (418 lean, 142 overweight and 142 obese) who were recruited in a primary care setting. Ultrasound measurements (perirenal, preperitoneal, intra-Abdominal and subcutaneous fat and cIMT), clinical (body mass index (BMI) and systolic blood pressure) and metabolic parameters (insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), high molecular weight (HMW) adiponectin and serum lipids) were assessed.Results:Perirenal fat was associated with diverse metabolic and CV risk factors in all the studied subjects. However, in overweight and obese children, perirenal fat was mostly associated with cIMT (P<0.001) and was the only fat depot that showed independent associations with cIMT in multivariate analyses (overweight chidren: β=0.250, P=0.003, r 2 =12.8%; obese children: β=0.254, P=0.002, r 2 =15.5%) after adjusting for BMI, gender, age and metabolic parameters. Perirenal fat was also the only fat depot that showed independent associations with HMW-Adiponectin in obese children (β=â '0.263, P=0.006, r 2 =22.8%).Conclusions:Perirenal fat is the main abdominal fat depot associated with cIMT, especially in overweight and obese children, and may thus represent a helpful parameter for assessing CV risk in the pediatric population. ER  - 
The effects of muscle mass and muscle quality on cardio-metabolic risk in peripubertal girls: A longitudinal study from childhood to early adulthood; Background:Increased cardio-metabolic risk is well documented in children and adolescents with obesity and normal weight obesity (NWO). However, the associations of muscle mass and muscle quality with cardio-metabolic risk, independent of weight status from childhood to adulthood, has not been examined.Methods:A total of 236 girls were followed from pre-puberty to early adulthood. Fat mass (FM) and lean mass (LM) of the whole body were assessed by a dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry; muscle cross-sectional area (mCSA), muscle density (mDen; skeletal muscle fat content) of the lower leg by the peripheral quantitative computerized tomography; and blood glucose, insulin, triglycerides and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol by enzymatic photometric methods. Study participants were categorized based on body mass index (BMI) and percentage body fat (%BF) as overweight and/or obese (BMIâ 3/430 with %BFâ 3/430), normal weight obese (BMI 18.5-24.9 with %BFâ 3/430) and normal weight lean (BMI 18.5-24.9 with %BF <30).Results:Girls with overweight and/or obesity from age of 11 to age 18 had greater LM and larger mCSA, but lower mDen and skeletal muscle mass index than the normal-weight girls (P<0.001 for all). Girls with NWO had similar mCSA and muscle mass but lower mDen and skeletal muscle index (SMI) than their normal-weight lean peers from childhood to early adulthood (P<0.001 all). In all girls, mDen and SMI were inversely associated with cardio-metabolic risk score (r 2 =0.012, P<0.05 and r 2 =0.201, P<0.001, respectively). However, after adjusting for whole-body FM or android abdominal FM, all associations disappeared.Conclusions:Skeletal muscle size and muscle mass are not associated with cardio-metabolic risk factors during pubertal growth after adjusting for measures of adiposity. Ectopic fat accumulation in the skeletal muscle and increased adiposity, particularly in the abdominal area in childhood, are significant contributors to increased cardio-metabolic risk in adulthood, irrespective of body weight status. ER  - 
Long term follow-up of pediatric Celiac Disease patients after transition to adult care; Objectives and Study: Follow up of Celiac Disease (CD) patients is challenging. Proper surveillance should include assessment of adherence to a gluten-free diet (GFD), resolution of symptoms, adequate growth and pubertal development and prevention of complications. Yearly follow-up is recommended. Data on follow-up after transition from pediatric to adult care is scarce. Our primary aim was to evaluate whether pediatric CD patients maintain adherence to GFD and continue medical follow-up after transition to adult care. Methods: A retrospective review of 495 pediatric CD patients diagnosed and followed at a single Pediatric Gastroenterology Center between December 1998 and October 2017. Out of this cohort, patients older than 18 years were identified. Data concerning presenting symptoms, adherence to GFD and complications before and after age 18 years was extracted from hospital records and from a national electronic data base “Ofek”. This database enables to review laboratory tests performed throughout the country, clinic visits and additional diagnoses given over time. Results: Data regarding 108 patients older than 18 years was available, 65 (60.2%) were female. (F/M ratio 1.5). The median age at diagnosis was 12 (9m-18y), the median current age 23 (18-38y) with a median of 11.3 (2-36) years of disease duration. Presenting symptoms included: Abdominal pain 47 (45.2%), abdominal distention 10 (9.6%), diarrhea 34 (32.7%), constipation 6 (5.8%), nausea and vomiting 20 (19.2%), FTT or poor weight gain 37 (35.6%), short stature 25 (24%), iron deficiency anemia 53 (51.0%), autoimmune thyroid disease 3 (2.8%), type 1 diabetes mellitus 5 (4.7%), genetic syndromes (Down or Turner syndrome) 4 (3.7%) and a first-degree relative with CD 10 (9.3%). Until 18 years of age, adherence to GFD was reported as good to excellent in 83/105 (79%), nonadherence in 22/105 (21.1%). Celiac serology normalized in 87/106 (82.1%), within 2 years in 66/87 (75.8%). In 84/99 (84.8%) complete resolution of symptoms was reported. In 52/84 (78.8%) symptoms resolved within a year. Most patients 79/108 (72.2%) had yearly follow-up visits. There was no correlation between age or symptoms at diagnosis and adherence with GFD. After the age of 18 years, adherence was measured by serology testing. 78/108 (72.2%) patients were tested, with negative serology in 61/78 (78.2%). Testing was performed every 1-3 years in 46/78 (59%). Most patients 77/108 (71.5%) were followed by their primary care physician and never visited a GI clinic as adults. Only one patient developed CD related complications (alopecia) after the age of 18, this patient was non-compliant. In the vast majority of patients 56/60 (93.3%) with negative serology as children, serology remained negative as adults. In contrast, in only 4/16 (25%) patients with positive serology as children the serology became negative as adults (P< 0.001). Conclusions: Adherence to GFD before the age of 18, positively predicts the continuation of adherence as adults. Even though most adults who followed a GFD did not attend GI clinics, most performed follow-up serology tests, which were negative. Our study emphasizes the need for meticulous follow up of CD patients during childhood in order to achieve long-term adherence with GFD as adults. ER  - 
Long-term safety of alpha-1 antitrypsin therapy in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes; Alpha-1 antitrypsin (AAT) is a circulating immunomodulatory protein, dramatically increased in acute stress response; AATs immune capabilities led to studies of its therapeutic effect in immune disorders. Pre-clinical studies of AAT treatment in mice models of type 1 diabetes (T1D) found that it prevented islet function deterioration. These findings led researchers to investigate AAT as a therapeutic modality for beta cell preservation in recent onset T1D patients. We previously reported that 18 infusions of AAT over 28 weeks were safe and well tolerated in pediatric subjects with recently diagnosed T1D. This study evaluates the long-term safety of repeated AAT doses in children and adolescents. Twenty-Four T1D patients (12 males; age 14.4 ± 2.4 years) who completed 18 infusions of 40, 60 or 80 mg/kg AAT (Glassia®, Kamada Ltd.) participated in this 36-month prospective open-label extension study. Subjects with peak C-peptide ≥ 0.2 pmol/ml were eligible to receive additional repeated doses of AAT. The cohort was stratified according to the number of AAT infusions (>18 or 18). Primary outcome measures included safety and tolerability, secondary outcomes included glycemic control, C-peptide reserve, anthropometric measurements, pubertal progression and menstrual cycle regularity. Ten participants received >18 infusions (mean 27.6 ± 4.2) and 14 were surveilled (18 infusions). At study end, for all participants, mean HbA1c levels and insulin dose increased significantly [from 7.33 ± 0.84% (56.6 mmol/mol) to 7.74 ± 1.12% (61.1 mmol/mol), P = .021 and from 0.73 ± 0.24 units/kg/day to 0.89 ± 0.23 units/kg/day, P = .023]; 54.2% of patients attained HbA1c levels ≤7.5%, with no significant differences between groups. The number of participants with peak C-peptide levels ≥ 0.2 pmol/mL decreased from 14 to 4. Growth and pubertal progression were within the normal range without differences between and within treatment groups. No serious adverse events, clinical and laboratory abnormalities, diabetic ketoacidosis or severe hypoglycemic episodes were reported. Grave's disease presented two months after last AAT infusion (36 infusions, 60 mg/kg/dose) in 1 female. In conclusion, periodic AAT treatment in pediatric subjects with T1D was safe and well tolerated during 5 years' surveillance. Taking into consideration the exceptional safety profile placebo-controlled studies with larger cohorts are warranted in order to assess eficacy of AAT in maintaining pancreatic beta cell reserve and glycemic control. ER  - 
Metabolic syndrome in obese children and adolescents: Sex-related differences and effect of puberty; Introduction Insulin resistance and metabolic syndrome (MS) are known metabolic complications of obesity. It is still unclear whether gender and puberty influence the prevalence of MS in children and adolescents. Objectives Aim of the study was to evaluate the effect of gender and puberty on the prevalence of MS and on cardiovascular risk factors in obese children and adolescents. Patients and Methods1437 obese patients (age 9.7 (2.2-17.9) ys; 660 Male (M)) were included in this retrospective analysis. Pubertal status, waist circumference (WC), systolic and diastolic blood pressure (SP, DP), fasting plasma glucose (GLU), insulin (INS) and lipids were measured in all subjects at baseline. An Oral Glucose Tolerance Test (OGTT) was also performed (glucose load of 1.75 g/kg of ideal body weight, max 75 g). Homeostatic Model Assessment (HOMA index, GLU(mmol/L) x INS(mU/L) / 22.5) was calculated as insulin resistance index. MS was defined according to the IDEFICS criteria in patients aged 2-10 ys (Group 1) and IDF criteria in patients ≥10 ys (10-16 ys=Group 2, ≥16 ys=Group 3). Results The prevalence of MS in our cohort was 10.9%. Mean WC, SP, GLU and triglycerides (TG) was higher in M, while mean fasting and post-OGTT INS concentrations was higher in female (F); abnormalities of WC, SP and GLU were more frequent in M, while HOMA was more frequently abnormal in F. Mean BMI-SDS, WC, SP, DP and GLU was higher in prepubertal M, WC was more frequently abnormal in prepubertal M. Mean SP and DP was higher in pubertal stage 2-3 M, while mean fasting and post-OGTT INS concentrations was higher in pubertal stage 2-3 F; SP was more frequently abnormal in pubertal stage 2- 3 M, while HOMA was more frequently abnormal in pubertal stage 2-3 F. Mean BMISDS, WC, SP, GLU and TG was higher in pubertal stage 4-5 M; abnormalities of WC and SP were more frequent in pubertal stage 4-5 M. WC was more frequently abnormal in prepubertal patients, while SP was more frequently abnormal in pubertal patients, regardless of sex. Pubertal stage 2-3 M showed more frequent abnormalities of GLU and less frequent abnormalities of HOMA. HDL was more frequently abnormal in pubertal stage 2-3 F. The prevalence of MS was higher in prepubertal and pubertal stage 4-5 M of group 2 and in group 3. Conclusions Sex and pubertal status influence the prevalence of MS and the frequency of abnormalities of cardiovascular risk parameters in obese children and adolescents. Cardiovascular risk factors are already present in prepubertal age, and their prevalence is higher in M. Identifying patients with higher risk of metabolic complications and cardiovascular risk factors is important to design targeted and effective prevention strategies. ER  - 
A latent profile analysis to identify idiopathic short stature phenotypes in children; Objectives: Idiopathic short stature (ISS) is a heterogeneous in etiology and response to growth hormone treatment. This study was focused on the person-centered approaches to understanding the characteristics of idiopathic short stature. Subjects and Methods: Data from 218 children (127 boys and 91 girls) aged 4-15 years was obtained from “LG Growth Study”. Growth hormone dose, first-year height standard deviation score (ΔHtSDS), mid-parental HtSDS, and initial bone age were inputted into the model and latent profile analysis of ISS was conducted. Results: Three-class model was selected as the final model because the differences among the groups were explained graphically and statistically optimal. The group names were determined as follows: younger good responder (n=56), older good responder (n=111), older poor responder (n=51). The mean growth hormone doses were 0.6±0.2, 0.7±0.1, and 1.6±0.5 IU/kg/week and the mean ΔHtSDS were 0.9±0.4/year, 0.6±0.3/year, and 0.5±0.3/year, respectively. The mid-parental HtSDS, pretreatment height velocity and proportion of prepuberty were higher, and initial HtSDS was lower in younger good responder. The pretreatment height velocity (3.9±2.1 vs. 4.8±1.8 cm/yr), peak growth hormone level (8.7±2.3 vs. 11.7±7.8 ng/mL), initial insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) SDS (-1.0±0.6 vs. -0.8±0.8), ΔIGF-I SDS (1.1±1.1 vs. 1.7±1.3) were lower in older poor responder compared to those of older good responder. Conclusions: The latent profile analysis revealed three distinct ISS phenotypes. This study offers an interest multidimensional approach for identifying ISS phenotypes that exhibit variable outcome to growth hormone treatment. ER  - 
Long term follow up of treatment with monthly somatostatin analogues in pediatric hypothalamic obesity patients; Introduction Hypothalamic obesity (HO) is an intractable form of obesity syndrome which contains a variety of insults including genetic and acquired hypothalamic disorders. Somatostatin limits insulin release and consequently decreases adipogenesis. Somatostatin analogues (SA) have been described with efficacy and high safety profile with the indication of neuroendocrine and hypophyseal in the adult population. There are few clinical trials which reported the short term effect of SA in the pediatric population with HO. According to those reports we used Somatulin Autogel in cases of HO with special institutional approval. Objectives : to assess the long term affects of the use of SA, specifically Somatulin Autogel, in a real life setting, among children and youth with HO. Primary outcome: safety parameters, delta BMI-SDS and height SDS during treatment. Secondary outcome: change in is an observational retrospective multi center study which included 6 medical centers in Israel, who used SA for the indication HO cases. Data were collected from the medical charts. Data are presented as median and IQR range. Wilcoxon signed-rank test and Spearman's rank correlation coefficient test were used for analysis. Results : Study population included 11 patients (7 males), median age 16 years (9,20.4), 5/11 fully pubertal. Six patients were after Craniopharyngioma, 2 after Astrocytoma, 1 with Ependimoma, 1 with ROHHAD syndrome and 1 with Hypothalamic Cortical Dysplasia . Median duration of treatment 18 months (12,61). BMI-SDS decreased significantly from during treatment by -0.5 SDS (-0.58, -0.3) ,P Value=0.017. There was no significant difference in height SDS median change 0 (-0.19, 0.6), pubertal progression and metabolic parameters during follow up. Four patients reported of minor side effects, 3 with mild diarrhea and 2 with asymptomatic ultrasonographic signs of billiary sludge. Conclusion Therapy with Somatuline Autogel is effective in the attenuation of weight increase among pediatric patients with HO , with no negative impact on growth and no metabolic abnormalities. Controlled trials need to be performed in a larger population to assess dose association. ER  - 
Thyroid function in girls with central precocious puberty; Objectives: Obesity is a well-known risk factor for central precocious puberty (CPP). Recently, elevated thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH) were reported in obese youth. However, few data regarding the relationship between CPP and TSH are available. The aim of this study was to evaluate thyroid function in girls with CPP and the relationship between CPP and serum TSH concentration. Methods: This is a retrospective cross-sectional study. A total 1,247 girls aged 6-9 years who underwent gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) stimulation test to determine the presence of puberty were participated this study. Medical records of all subjects were reviewed. Subjects were classified into CPP (n=554) and control (n=693) groups according to the results of GnRH stimulation test. Subclinical hypothyroidism was defined as elevated TSH with normal fT4 (TSH ≥ 5.0 mIU/L and fT4 ≥ 0.8 ng/dL). Characteristic and laboratory data between CPP and control groups were compared. Correlations of characteristic and laboratory data with TSH concentration were evaluated. Results: There were no significant differences in age, height, height standard deviation score (SDS), insulin-like growth factor binding protein (IGFBP)3 and IGFBP3 SDS between CPP and control groups. Bone age, bone age advance, alkaline phosphatase (ALP), insulin-like growth factor (IGF)1, IGF1 SDS, basal and peak luteinizing hormone (LH) and basal and peak follicular stimulating hormone body mass index (BMI) and BMI SDS were significantly higher in control than CPP group. Serum TSH concentration of CPP group was significantly higher than that of control group (3.19 ± 1.55 vs. 2.58 ± 1.34 mIU/L, p<0.001). Serum fT4 concentration of CPP group was significantly lower than that of control group (1.38 ± 0.14 vs. 1.44 ± 0.18 ng/dL, p<0.001). Among all subjects, 149 girls (11.9%) had subclinical hypothyroidism. The prevalence of subclinical hypothyroidism was higher in CPP group compared to control group (15.7 vs. 8.9%, p<0.001). TSH concentrations were positively correlated with age, height, weight, BMI, bone age, ALP, IGF1, IGF1 SDS, basal LH, peak LH and basal FSH. Multiple linear regression analysis showed that age (β = 0.574, p<0.001) and peak LH (β = 0.016, p = 0.021) were independent predictors of serum TSH concentration. Conclusion: Subclinical hypothyroidism in girls with CPP should be associated with pubertal LH elevation. ER  - 
The relationship between myeloid leukocyte profiles and metabolic impairment in overweight and obese children and adolescents; Background: Obesity-induced inflammation is closely associated with metabolic and cardiovascular disease. Cross-sectional studies have identified that adiposity in children is strongly associated with elevated neutrophil counts and increased creactive protein. In animal studies, during high fat diet, activated circulating monocytes produced from the bone marrow are recruited to tissues and are associated with insulin resistance, specifically in males. It is not clear in children if this increased monocyte inflammation occurs with obesity and if this is associated with metabolic disease. Objective: To understand if myeloid leukocyte profiles in children and adolescents are associated with BMI and metabolic impairments and if gender influences this relationship. Methods: Blood samples were collected from 116 boys and 139 girls (8 to 18 years of age). Participants were healthy controls and those with BMI ≥85th percentile. Exclusion criteria included a diagnosis of diabetes mellitus (type 1, type 2 or other) or treatment with oral steroids, metformin, insulin or sulfonylureas. Flow cytometry staining on blood samples included CD45, HLA-DR, (CD14++CD16-), intermediate (CD14++CD16+) and non-classic (CD14dim CD16+)). Participants underwent a standard oral glucose tolerance test with blood collection of glucose, insulin, HbA1c, AST, ALT and fasting lipid profiles. Statistical analysis was performed with t-tests comparing males versus females and Pearson correlations. A p-value threshold of <0.05 was considered significant. Results: Boys tended to have more CD16+ monocytes and girls overall had higher neutrophil counts. BMI z-score was positively associated with HbA1c, HOMA-IR and with neutrophil counts. While neutrophil counts did not associate directly with HbA1c they did associate with BMI, HOMA-IR, triglycerides, and insulin levels during glucose tolerance testing. An increased %CD14++CD16- monocytes was strongly associated with BMI, HOMA-IR, fasting glucose and insulin, and triglycerides. When analysis was performed in children older then 12 years of age for boys % CD14++CD16- monocytes was positively associated with fasting glucose and HOMA-IR while there were no significant associations in girls older than 12. Conclusion: Obesity and its medical sequelae are starting in pediatric ages making biomarkers for future metabolic disease critical. These quantitative results emphasize that neutrophils and CD14++CD16- monocytes specifically are associated with insulin resistance. Interestingly, this association is stronger in boys > 12 years of age suggesting a gender difference post-puberty in myeloid responses to obesity. Future studies are necessary to understand causality and the predictive value of myeloid leukocytes in obese children with a focus on prevention of future disease. ER  - 
Long-term follow-up of patients with central precocious puberty treated with GnRH analog; Introduction: Central precocious puberty (CPP) results from the premature activation of the hypothalamic-pituitary-gonadal axis and long-acting GnRH analog (GnRHa) is the first-line treatment. The outcome of these patients in adulthood is relevant and can improve the clinical practice. Aim: To evaluate the anthropometric, metabolic, reproductive and psychosocial aspects of patients with idiopathic CPP (ICPP), genetic CPP (GCPP) and CPP due to hypothalamic hamartoma (CPPHH) treated with GnRHa. Patients and methods: 132 patients were invited to participate of this study and 65 of them agree to participate. This is a retrospective and cross-sectional study of a cohort of 65 patients with CPP [42 ICPP females, 9 GCPP (8 F) and 14 CPPHH (7 F)] treated with leuprorelin acetate (3.75 mg every 4 weeks or 11.25 mg every 12 weeks, sc). Their medical records were systematically reviewed and clinical (menstrual cycles, Tanner stage, final height, body mass index (BMI), body composition), laboratory, imaging study, and a psychosocial and pelvic ultrasound (females) evaluation. Psychosocial aspects were assessed by a developed questionnaire. Results: The mean duration of treatment was 2.5 ±1 yr in ICPP group, 3.2 ± 1.1 yr in GCPP and 7.9 ± 2.1 yr and 7.7 ± 2.4 yr in girls and boys with CPPHH, respectively. At the last evaluation, the mean chronological age (CA) of ICPP group was 16.4 ± 3.3 yr, 21.5 ± 4.2 yr in GCPP and 21.5 ± 3.2 in females and 24 ± 3.9 in males of CPPHH group. The mean final height was within target height range in all groups. A higher percentage of overweight/obese was observed in females with CPPHH (80%), compared with GCPP (57.1%) and ICPP (30%). In the CPPHH group, the BMI and median of total fat mass (%) were significantly higher in females compared to males (p <0.05). The prevalence of metabolic disorders in the ICPP group (22.2% of insulin resistance and 12% of hypercholesterolemia) was significantly lower compared with GCPP and CPPHH groups. The median age of first sexual intercourse was 15.5 and 16 yr for females and males, respectively. The prevalence of alcohol use was 40%, tobacco 3.7% and illicit drugs 3.7%. The median age of menarche was 12 yr, ranging from 0.3 to 3.5 yr after GnRHa withdraw. The prevalence of regular menstrual cycle was 88%, 86% and 100% in women from ICPP, GCPP, and CPPHH groups, respectively. Only 3 patients [2 ICPP (6%) and 1 GCPP (14.3%)] presented diagnostic criteria for polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). The GnRHa formulation did not influence any parameter studied. Conclusion: The treatment of CPP with GnRHa was effective and safe, resulting in normal final height in all CPP groups. The GCPP and CPPHH groups had a higher prevalence of overweight/obesity and metabolic alterations. In the entire cohort, there was a low prevalence of metabolic alterations, PCOS, as well as an adverse psychosocial outcome. ER  - 
Children who underwent honeymoon phase of type 1 diabetes had significantly lower ldl cholesterol 5 years after diagnosis; Importance: Landmark studies have shown that partial clinical remission (PCR) in new-onset type 1 diabetes (T1D) is associated with reduced prevalence of long-term complications of T1D, but early clinical indicators of this outcome in the early phase of T1D are poorly characterized. Aim: To determine if there were any differences in lipid parameters, especially LDL-cholesterol (LDLC) between remitters and non-remitters 4 to 5 years after the diagnosis of T1D after controlling for HbA1c and BMI. Subjects and Methods: A retrospective analysis of 123 subjects of ages 3.8 -16.8y, mean age 11.8 ± 3.0y, [male 11.7 ± 2.9y, (n=55); female 11.9 ± 3.0y, (n=68), p=0.45] with T1D of 4-5 years duration. Anthropometric and biochemical data were collected at the 4th year or 5th year after diagnosis given the American Diabetes Association recommendation to initiate screening for complications in children 4-5 years after diagnosis or at the beginning of puberty, whichever comes first. PCR was defined by both the gold-standard insulin-dose adjusted hemoglobin A1c (IDAA1c) of ≤9, and total daily dose of insulin (TDD) of <0.3 units/kg/day. Results: There were 44 (35.8%) remitters (age 13.4 ± 2.5y; male 52.3%) as defined by IDAA1c≤9 criterion; and 55 (44.7%) remitters (age 11.9 ± 2.9y; male 49.1%) as defined by TDD of <0.3 units/kg/day criterion (p=0.153). When PCR was defined by IDAA1c of ≤9, both the total cholesterol (TC) and LDL-C were significantly lower in remitters compared to non-remitters: LDL-C: 78.8 ± 28.7 mg/dL vs 91.6 ± 26.5 mg/dL, p=0.023, and TC 151.5 ± 32.6 mg/dL vs 167.0 ± 29.6 mg/dL, p=0.015. Similarly, when PCR was defined by TDD<0.3 units/kg/day LDL-C was also significantly lower in remitters compared to non-remitters: 81.2 ± 27.8 mg/dL vs 91.7 ± 27.3 mg/dL, p=0.04. Other lipid fractions were similar between the groups by both definitions, and there were no differences between the groups for glycemic control, BMI z score, thyroid function, celiac disease occurrence, or vitamin D status. Conclusion: Children who underwent PCR had significantly lower LDL cholesterol 5 years after their diagnosis with T1D. This finding could partly explain the dichotomy in the prevalence of long-term complications in T1D between remitters and non-remitters. It also offers a pathway for targeted lipid monitoring in T1D, by establishing non-remission as a non-modifiable risk factor for vascular . ER  - 
11-ketotestosterone is elevated in premenarchal daughters of women with PCOS and is associated with obesity; Recent studies have found that morbidly obese peripubertal girls (OB-g) have relative hyperandrogenemia (HA) compared to lean girls (LC-g). This observation has led to the proposal that OB-g are at increased risk to develop PCOS, a common, heritable complex genetic disease. Daughters of affected women (PCOS-d) are at increased risk for the syndrome consistent with a genetic contribution to PCOS. Further, reproductive features of PCOS, including HA, are present in peripubertal PCOS-d. It is unclear if HA in PCOS-d and OB-g represents an early marker for PCOS. The contribution of adrenal-derived androgens to HA in these girls is also unknown. Adrenal-derived 11-oxygenated 19-carbon (C19) steroids provide important contributions to hyperandrogenic disorders. We compared these androgen concentrations in premenarchal PCOS-d, normoandrogenic OB-g (NA-OB), hyperandrogenic OB-g (HA-OB), and LC-g, to test the hypothesis that these androgen concentrations will distinguish HA in PCOS-d from HA-OB. A fasting morning blood sample was collected from 21 PCOS-d 17 HA-OB 12 NAOB, and 17 LC-g of comparable age. All girls were premenarchal, aged 8-12 years, with breast Tanner Stage (TS) I-III. Testosterone (T), SHBG, DHEAS, fasting insulin, hydroxyandrostenedione (11OHA4) 11-ketotestosterone (11KT) and 11β- hydroxytestosterone (11OHT)) were measured. Bioavailable T (bioT) was calculated from T and SHBG. Breast TS-specific thresholds for bioT of 2 SD above the mean in the LC-g were used to define HA for the PCOS-d and HA-OB. Breast TS differed slightly between the groups (p=0.001); all analyses were corrected for differences in breast TS. T and uT levels were similarly elevated in PCOS-d and HA-OB compared with NA-OB and LC-g. SHBG levels in PCOS-d were higher compared to HA-OB, similar to NA-OB, and lower than in LC-g (PCOS-d v NA-OB p=0.83 PCOS-d v HA-OB p=0.02 PCOS-d v LC-g p=0.0001 HA-OB v NA-OB p=0.04 HA-OB v LC-g p<0.0001 NA-OB v LCg p<0.0001). Neither DHEAS nor 11OHA4 11KA4 or 11OHT levels differed between the groups. 11KT was higher in PCOS-d compared with LC-g (PCOS-d v LCg p=0.04), but did not differ between the other groups. In each group, mean circulating 11KT levels were roughly 4 times higher than mean circulating T levels. 11KT levels were significantly associated with BMI z-score (p=0.04). While 11KT was also significantly associated with fasting insulin levels (p=0.04), this association did not remain significant after correcting for the impact of BMI. 11KT levels were elevated in peripubertal PCOS-d compared to LC-g of similar age but did not differ in PCOS-d and HA-OB. The increased 11KT levels in PCOS-d may be partially mediated by differences in obesity-associated insulin resistance. We did not find that 11-oxygenated C19 steroid levels distinguish HA in peripubertal PCOS-d compared to OB-g. ER  - 
Metabolic effects of masculinizing hormone therapy in transgender men with polycystic ovarian syndrome; Background: Polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) is common among premenopausal women and associated with adverse cardiometabolic risks. However, the prevalence of PCOS in transgender female-to-male individuals (FtM) (female sex assigned at birth identifying as male) is not well established. Additionally, it's unclear whether testosterone therapy (TT) further exacerbates cardiometabolic risks in FtM with PCOS. Objectives: To determine the prevalence of PCOS in our FtM cohort and to compare the effects of TT on cardiometabolic risk factors in FtM with PCOS and without PCOS. Methods: We conducted a retrospective chart review of all FtM seeking care at the Mayo Clinic between 2015 and 2017. We collected data on blood pressure (BP), weight, metabolic profiles, and associated medical conditions in FtM prior to TT and at follow-up. Among FtM ≥14 yrs old and not on puberty blockers, we defined PCOS using Rotterdam criteria and controls without any features of PCOS. Results: Ninety FtM individuals, median age 19 yrs (IQR 16-24), were seen during the study period with 57 (63%) initiated on TT. There were 13 FtM (18.1%) with PCOS and 59 FtM controls without PCOS. Median follow-up was 13 months (IQR 7- 26) from gender dysphoria diagnosis. Compared to controls (n=59), FtM with PCOS 92], P=0.01) and BMI (38 kg/m 2 [IQR 30-42) vs 27 kg/m 2 (22-33), P=0.01). Both groups had high prevalence of impaired fasting glucose (IFG) prior to TT (4 44% vs 8 27%, P=0.32). There were no differences in smoking history, hypertension, obstructive sleep apnea, diabetes, or dyslipidemia. Among all FtM (n=57), TT was associated with increased hemoglobin (13.4 g/dL [IQR 12.7-13.9] to 14.4 g/dL [IQR 13.9-15.6], P<.001), and decreased HDL (52.5 mg/dL [IQR 44-61] to 46 mg/dL [IQR 41-53], P=0.01). There were no significant changes in BP, weight, BMI, fasting glucose or other lipids. There were no cardiovascular events. Subgroups on masculinizing TT included 11/13 (85%) FtM with PCOS and 46/59 (78%) controls without PCOS, and were followed for median of 12 months (IQR 5- 39) after starting TT. Compared to controls, FtM with PCOS had significantly higher final weight (104 kg [IQR 92-117] vs 68 kg [IQR 59-94], P=0.01) and BMI (38.5 kg/m2 [IQR 34.7-42.0] vs 27.3 kg/m2 [21.4-34.8], P=0.01), although not significant when adjusted for initial parameters. There were no differences between groups in other cardiometabolic risk factors or changes in metabolic profiles after TT. Conclusions: We observed high prevalence (18.1%) of PCOS among FtM. At least in the short term, masculinizing TT was not associated with increased adverse cardiometabolic changes in FtM with PCOS, compared to controls, despite higher BMI. However, because of the high prevalence of overweight/obese BMI and IFG, long-term monitoring of metabolic effects of TT is needed for all transgender men. ER  - 
Preconception counseling: Frequently forgotten by primary care providers due to multiple barriers; Preconception counseling (PC) is defined as organized care specifically targeted for women with diabetes mellitus (DM) that are preparing for pregnancy with the main goal of optimizing their glycemic control prior to conception. The American Diabetes Association (ADA) recommends that all women of childbearing age with DM receive PC beginning at puberty. The primary objective of our study was to estimate the percentage of women 18-35 years old with type 1 or type 2 DM who received PC from primary care providers: family medicine (FM), internal medicine (IM), and obstetrics and gynecology (OB) physicians in Lehigh Valley Health Network (LVHN). The secondary objective was to create a survey to determine barriers preventing health care providers from providing PC. Patient population included women ages 18-35 with type 1 or type 2 DM with or without complications that had a non-acute office visit with FM, IM, or OB between June 1, 2014 and June 30, 2016. Office notes were reviewed to determine if the patient received PC at the office visit. 577 charts met specific criteria for analysis. Since there are sparse data exploring perceived provider barriers to PC, a survey was created and sent electronically to FM, IM, and OB providers. Of the 524 surveys emailed to providers, 97 surveys were completed (18.5%). For the primary objective, 109 patients (18.9%) received PC during an office visit in the past 3 years. There was a statistically significant association between specialty and PC: OB visits had a higher proportion of women who received PC (36.1%) compared to FM (7.11%) and IM (9.82%). The overall survey responses revealed that providers would like more time during an appointment to discuss PC and another appointment to discuss PC. In addition, they felt that unplanned pregnancies are a barrier and that women should ask for PC. In conclusion, the rate of PC provided at LVHN does not meet the ADA guidelines. OB provided the most PC at LVHN, which may be due to their patient population being females of childbearing age. Based on survey responses, providers believe they are supplying PC more regularly than they are. Furthermore, providers would be more likely to provide PC if women initiated the discussion and if they had more time. Educating providers on the need to initiate and incorporate PC discussions in an efficient manner during routine visits may improve the rates of PC in women with pre-existing DM. ER  - 
Onset of pituitary hormone deficiencies in optic nerve hypoplasia: A temporal trend analysis of 33 children at Mayo Clinic; Background: Optic nerve hypoplasia (ONH) is a rare congenital anomaly often associated with midline brain defects. The presence of ONH portends risk of pituitary hormone deficiencies (PHDs) in an asynchronous fashion. The temporal trend of onset of PHDs remains unclear. This ambiguity in onset of PHDs results in variability in recommendations for frequency of monitoring for these deficiencies. Objective: The aim of this study was to examine the age at onset and frequency of individual PHDs in a pediatric population of ONH. Design and Methods: A retrospective chart review of patients less than 21 years of age from 1996- 2014 at the Mayo Clinic, Rochester was conducted. Patients were included if they had: 1) ONH diagnosed by an ophthalmologist and/or MRI 2) documentation of pituitary hormone function on at least two separate occasions and 3) at least one PHD documented or midline structural abnormality noted on MRI. Diagnosis of PHD was based on clinical and/or biochemical evidence of hormone deficiency or hormone replacement. Descriptive statistics and Kaplan-Meier time-to-event analysis were used. Results: Thirty-three patients (19 females, 14 males) met the pre-specified inclusion criteria [median age at last follow-up: 8 years (range, 1.1-21.0 years)]. All patients had either bilateral or unilateral ONH. Multiple and isolated PHDs were present in 64% (n=21) and 12% (n=4) patients respectively. Remaining 8 patients did not develop any PHD at least until last follow up (< 2 - 8.6 years of followup), despite presence of ONH and/or midline structural defect. Of the 7 patients with no apparent structural pituitary or infundibular abnormality, 3 developed PHDs. The median age (years) at diagnosis of TSH, ACTH, ADH and GH deficiencies were 0.5, 0.6, 0.8 and 2.2 respectively. Twentytwo percent of all PHDs were identified during the neonatal period, 51% by 12 months, and 75% by 36 months of age. The latest age at diagnosis of ACTH, TSH and GH deficiencies were 7, 9.3 and 9.6 years respectively. Diabetes insipidus presented prior to 3 years in all but one patient. Isolated TSH deficiency did not occur in any patient. Four patients (2 boys, 2 girls) developed central precocious puberty (< 8 years in girls and < 9 years in boys) and four patients (1 boy, 3 girls) were treated for delayed or stalled puberty (> 13 years in girls and > 14 years in boys). Conclusions: Majority of PHDs in ONH are identified within first three years of life. Individual provider threshold for diagnosing GHD likely shifted this diagnosis to an older age group in our cohort. We propose evaluation for PHDs at the time of diagnosis, with repeat assessment for new deficiencies every 3-4 months until age 3 years, and at least semi-annually until growth and development is complete. Absence of pituitary or infundibular abnormality does not exclude risk of future PHDs. . ER  - 
Serum metabolomic profiles identify alterations in lipid metabolism in premenarchal girls at risk for PCOS; Recent studies have found that obese peripubertal girls (OB-g) have increased testosterone levels compared to lean girls (LC-g). This observation has led to the proposal that OB-g are at increased risk to develop PCOS, a common, heritable complex genetic disease. No longitudinal studies have been performed to confirm this hypothesis. Daughters of affected women (PCOS-d) are at increased risk for the syndrome consistent with a genetic contribution to PCOS. Further, reproductive and metabolic features of PCOS are present in PCOS-d in childhood. Metabolomic studies in these potentially at-risk girls may identify novel metabolic pathways involved in the pathogenesis of PCOS and type 2 diabetes even at this early developmental stage, with the potential to translate to early interventions to reduce PCOS and diabetes risk. Previous metabolomic studies in adult women with PCOS have implicated branched chain amino acid, aromatic amino acid, and lipid metabolism. We performed in an effort to identify alterations in metabolic pathways characteristic of PCOS or diabetes risk, and to investigate for distinct metabolomic profiles in girls at increased genetic risk (PCOS-d) from those who may have increased risk due to obesity (OB-g). A fasting morning blood sample was obtained from 27 PCOS-d 30 OB-g, and 22 LC-g of comparable age for non-targeted metabolomics analysis. All girls were premenarchal, aged 8 to 12 years, with breast Tanner Stage I-III. OB-g had the highest BMI z score, followed by PCOS-d (OB-g 2.4±0.2 v PCOS-d 1.4±0.8 v LC-g 0.0±0.5 p<0.0001). ANOVA was performed to compare metabolites between the groups, and false discovery rate (FDR) p values <0.05 considered statistically significant. Thirty-one metabolites were significantly different in OB-g and PCOS-d compared with LC-g. These metabolites were most enriched for differences in the glycerophospholipid (12 metabolites) and ceramide and sphingolipid classes (7 metabolites). Differences were largely independent of BMI, as only 7 of the 31 metabolites were associated with BMI z scores. Fewer differences were observed in PCOS-d compared with OB-g and LC-g (7 metabolites); again these metabolites were enriched for the glycerophospholipid, ceramide and sphingolipid classes. We found evidence for differences in lipid metabolism in premenarchal PCOS-d and OB-g through non-targeted metabolomics analyses. As the implicated lipids are important in structure and function of cell membranes, alterations in cell membrane metabolism may be important in PCOS pathogenesis prior to menarche. Previous studies have implicated glycerophospholipids in the pathogenesis of PCOS, as well as non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, a common PCOS comorbidity. We did not find distinct metabolomic profiles suggestive of differences in PCOS or diabetes risk in PCOS-d compared with OB-g. ER  - 
Age at menarche and risks of gestational diabetes mellitus: A meta-analysis of prospective studies; Background: Accumulating evidence suggests that early menarche is associated with adult obesity, which in turn may increase the risk of insulin resistance and hyperglycemia. However, the relation of menarcheal age with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) remains inconsistent across studies. The objective of this metaanalysis was to evaluate the association between age at menarche and GDM risk. Materials and Methods: We searched Medline (PubMed), Embase, Web of Knowledge and the Cochrane library through the end of May 2017. We pooled summary relative risks (RR) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Stata 12.0 software was used to analyse the data. Results: Five prospective studies were eligible for inclusion. The results of metaanalysis showed that women in the early menarcheal age group (at < 12 years of age) had a higher risk of GDM compared with those in the "not early" menarcheal age group (at ≥13 years of age) (pooled RR = 1.31, 95% CI: 1.05,1.56) with moderate heterogeneity (I2 = 47.5%, P = 0.107). However, there was no obvious protection of late menarche (at ≥ 15 years of age) versus median menarche (at 13 years of age) (pooled RR = 1.12, 95% CI: 0.92, 1.32; I2 = 0%). Conclusions: The findings support an association between earlier age at menarche and increased risk of GDM. Age at menarche may help identify women with increased risk of developing GDM. However, considering the potential limitations in this study, further larger prospective studies are warranted to verify our findings. ER  - 
A pilot study on sperm DNA damage in β-thalassemia major: Is there a role for antioxidants?; Excess iron deposition in patients with beta thalassemia major (BTM) causes excess free radical formation, damages the hypothalamic pituitary testicular axis and production of sperms with DNA defects. As antioxidants were reported to improve fertility in healthy males; their effectiveness to improve sperm DNA defects in adult males with BTM was studied. Twenty fully pubertal BTM patients were included consecutively, all had semen analysis; 10 were found to be azoospermic, so further analysis for sperms and DNA defects was conducted on the remaining 10 participants. Semen was analyzed for antioxidants in seminal plasma and sperms for defects including the DNA fragmentation index, sperm deformity index, teratozospermia index and acrosomal index. Participants were then given L-carnitine and N-acetylcysteine for 6 months. All semen parameters were reassessed after treatment. The sperm deformity index and teratozospermia index increased significantly after treatment from 1.90±0.33 to 2.46±0.61 and from 1.59±0.22 to 1.86±0.28 respectively. So, apparently antioxidants accentuated sperm deformities in men with BTM. Therefore, the results of this study are not in favour with the use of antioxidants in BTM patients for improving potential fertility. Larger studies, however, are needed to confirm these preliminary results. (www.actabiomedica.it). ER  - 
Association of insulin-like growth factor-1 and IGF binding protein-3 with 25-hydroxy Vitamin D in pre-pubertal and adolescent Indian girls; There is a high prevalence of vitamin D deficiency (VDD) in India. Molecular mechanisms suggest a strong relationship between vitamin D and growth factors. However, there is a paucity of literature with regard to a relationship between insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1), insulin-like growth factor binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) and vitamin D particularly in subjects with VDD. The objective of the study was to assess the relationship between growth factors and serum vitamin D-parathormone (PTH) status in school girls and study the impact of vitamin D supplementation on growth factors in pre-pubertal girls with VDD. Our study subjects were apparently healthy school girls aged 6-18 years. The baseline height, weight, body mass index (BMI), pubertal status, serum 25-hydroxy vitamin D (25OHD), PTH, IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 were assessed in 847 girls aged 6-18 years and in 190 pre-pubertal girls with VDD following supplementation. The mean age, BMI and serum 25OHD of girls were 11.5±3.2 years, 18.7±4.8 kg/m2 and 9.9±5.6 ng/mL, respectively. VDD was observed in 94.6% of girls. Unadjusted serum IGF-1 levels and IGF-1/IGFBP-3 molar ratio were significantly higher in girls with severe VDD as compared to girls with mild-to-moderate VDD. However, these differences disappeared when adjusted for age, height or sexual maturation. The serum IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 levels increased significantly post supplementation with vitamin D. There were no differences in serum IGF-1 levels and the IGF-1/IGFBP-3 molar ratio among VDD categories when adjusted for age, height and sexual maturation in girls. Vitamin D supplementation resulted in a significant increase in serum IGF-1 levels in VDD pre-pubertal girls. ER  - 
Metabolic profiles in obese children and adolescents with insulin resistance; BACKGROUND: In the past several decades, the increasing frequency of overweight and obese children and adolescents in the world has become a public health problem. It has contributed significantly to the already high tide of diabetes, cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases. AIM: To investigate the frequency of insulin resistance and to evaluate the metabolic profile of insulin resistant and non-insulin resistant obese children and adolescents. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: The study included 96 (45 boys, 51 girls) obese children and adolescents aged 4-17 years old (10.50 ± 2.87 years). Only participants with Body Mass Index ≥ 95 percentile were included. We analysed sera for fasting insulin levels (FI), fasting serum triglycerides (TG), total serum cholesterol (TC), fasting plasma glucose (FPG) and plasma glucose 2 hours after the performance of the oral glucose tolerance test (2-h G). Homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) index was calculated as fasting insulin concentration (microunits per millilitre) x fasting glucose concentration (millimolar)/22.5. The value of HOMA-IR above 3.16 was used as a cut-off value for both genders. RESULTS: Insulin resistance was determined in 58.33% of study participants. Insulin resistant participants had significantly higher level of 2-h G (p = 0.02), FI level (p = 0.000) as well as TG levels (p = 0.01), compared to non-insulin resistant group. Strikingly, 70.73% of the pubertal adolescents were insulin resistant in comparison to 49.09% of the preadolescents (p = 0.03). Significantly higher percentage of insulin-resistant participants were girls (p = 0.009). Moreover, a higher percentage of the girls (70.59%) than boys (44.44%) had HOMA-IR above 3.16 and had elevated FI levels (70.59% vs 48.89%). The difference in the frequency of insulin resistance among obese versus severely obese children and adolescents was not significant (p = 0.73, p > 0.05). Our study results also showed positive, but weak, correlation of HOMA-IR with age, FPG, TG and BMI of the participants (p < 0.05). CONCLUSION: Higher percentage of insulin-resistant participants was of female gender and was adolescents. In general, insulin resistant obese children and adolescents tend to have a worse metabolic profile in comparison to individuals without insulin resistance. It is of note that the highest insulin resistance was also linked with the highest concentrations of triglycerides. ER  - 
Changes in insulin sensitivity over time and associated factors in HIV-infected adolescents; Objective: To compare prevalence of insulin resistance between perinatally HIV-infected (PHIV+) and perinatally HIV-exposed, but uninfected adolescents (PHEU), determine incidence of and contributory factors to new and resolved cases of insulin resistance in PHIV+, and evaluate glucose metabolism. Design: Cross-sectional design for comparison of prevalence among PHIV+ and PHEU. Longitudinal design for incidence and resolution of insulin resistance among PHIV+ at risk for these outcomes. Methods: The source population was adolescents from pediatric HIV clinics in the United States and Puerto Rico participating in the Pediatric HIV/AIDS Cohort Study, an ongoing prospective cohort study designed to evaluate impact of HIV infection and its treatment on multiple domains in preadolescents and adolescents. Insulin resistance was assessed by homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance. Those with incident insulin resistance underwent 2-h oral glucose tolerance test and HbA1c. Baseline demographic, metabolic, and HIV-specific variables were evaluated for association with incident or resolved insulin resistance. Results: Unadjusted prevalence of insulin resistance in PHIV+ was 27.3 versus 34.1% in PHEU. After adjustment for Tanner stage, age, sex, and race/ethnicity, there was no significant difference between groups. Factors positively associated with developing insulin resistance included female sex, higher BMI z score, and higher waist circumference; those associated with resolving insulin resistance included male sex and lower BMI z score. Conclusion: Prevalence of insulin resistance in PHIV+ and PHEU was substantially higher than that reported in HIV-uninfected nonoverweight youth, but similar to that in HIV-uninfected obese youth. Factors associated with incident or resolved insulin resistance among PHIV+ were similar to those reported in HIV-negative obese youth. However, a contributory role of HIV infection and/or its treatment to the incident risk of insulin resistance cannot be excluded. ER  - 
A case–control study of rheumatoid arthritis revealed abdominal obesity and environmental risk factor interactions in northern China; Background: The aim of this study was to evaluate new and previously hypothesized environmental risk factors and their interaction with rheumatoid arthritis (RA). Methods: Four hundred patients recently diagnosed with RA and 400 controls frequency-matched by gender and birth year using Propensity Score Matching (PSM) were selected from northern China. Investigation was performed using self-reported data from interviewer-administered surveys. Associations between exposure variables and risk of RA were evaluated using multifactor non-conditional logistic regression. Results: It showed that damp localities, draft indoor, abdominal obesity (AO), and family history of RA among first-degree relatives were independent risk factors and drinking of milk was independent protective factors for RA. Besides these risk factors, in women, infrequent delivery times, early age at menopause, and late age at menarche were also independent risk factors for RA. Both the additive model and the multiplication model suggested that there was an interaction relationship between AO and damp localities (p <.001), and only the additive model suggested that there was interaction relationship between AO and no milk drinking (p <.001) in our study population. In women, there was interaction relationship between AO and damp localities (p <.001) and between AO and age at menopause (p <.001). Conclusions: In northern China, damp localities, draft indoor, AO, family history of RA among first-degree relatives, and no milk drinking may be important risk factors of RA patients. ER  - 
Glucose homeostasis in GHD children during long-term replacement therapy: a case−control study; Purpose: To evaluate glucose homeostasis in children with growth hormone (GH) deficiency (GHD) receiving long-term replacement therapy. Methods: We evaluated glucose, insulin, HOmeostasis Model Assessment (HOMA-IR), and HbA1c in 100 GHD children at diagnosis and during 5 years of therapy. One hundred healthy children comparable to patients were evaluated at baseline and after 1 and 5 years. Results: No difference was detected at baseline between GHD patients and controls in glucose (79.58 ± 9.96 vs. 77.18 ± 8.20 mg/dl), insulin (4.50 ± 3.24 vs. 4.30 ± 2.60 µU/ml), HbA1c (5.20 ± 0.31 vs. 5.25 ± 0.33%) levels, and HOMA-IR (0.93 ± 0.72 vs. 0.86 ± 0.61). One year of GH was associated with a significant increase in insulin (7.21 ± 4.84, p OpenSPiltSPi 0.001) and HOMA-IR (1.32 ± 0.98, p OpenSPiltSPi 0.001) in GHD children, which became different from controls (p OpenSPiltSPi 0.001 and p = 0.004). These parameters did not change further during the following years of treatment in GHD subjects. In contrast, controls did not show significant changes in insulin (4.40 ± 2.60) and HOMA-IR (0.82 ± 0.60) during the first year; however, at the fifth year of the study a significant increase in insulin (6.50 ± 3.50, p = 0.004) and HOMA-IR (1.29 ± 0.54, p OpenSPiltSPi 0.001) was documented, making these parameters comparable between patients and controls. Conclusions: Our results suggest that growth hormone (GH) treatment is not associated with significant impairment of insulin sensitivity in GHD children. The slight impairment observed in GHD adolescents after long-term GH is comparable to that physiologically occurring in healthy pubertal subjects. ER  - 
Genetically Determined Later Puberty Impacts Lowered Bone Mineral Density in Childhood and Adulthood; Later puberty associates with lower areal bone mineral density (aBMD), and both are risk factors for osteoporosis. However, the association between puberty timing–associated genetic variants and aBMD during development, and the causal relationship between puberty timing and aBMD, remain uncharacterized. We constructed sex-specific polygenic risk scores (GRS) consisting of 333 genetic variants associated with later puberty in European-descent children in the Bone Mineral Density in Childhood Study (BMDCS), consisting of a longitudinal cohort with up to seven assessments (n = 933) and a cross-sectional cohort (n = 486). These GRS were tested for associations with age- and sex-specific aBMD Z-scores at the lumbar spine (LS), femoral neck (FN), total hip, and distal radius, accounting for clinical covariates using sex-stratified linear mixed models. The causal relationship between puberty timing and aBMD was tested in the BMDCS and in publicly available adult data (GEFOS consortium) using two-sample Mendelian randomization (MR). The puberty-delaying GRS was associated with later puberty and lower LS-aBMD in the BMDCS in both sexes (combined beta ± SE = –0.078 ± 0.024; p = 0.0010). In the MR framework, the puberty-delaying genetic instrument also supported a causal association with lower LS-aBMD and FN-aBMD in adults of both sexes. Our results suggest that pubertal timing is causal for diminished aBMD in a skeletal site- and sex-specific manner that tracks throughout life, potentially impacting later risk for osteoporosis, which should be tested in future studies. © 2017 American Society for Bone and Mineral Research. ER  - 
Ability of Nontraditional Risk Factors and Inflammatory Biomarkers for Cardiovascular Disease to Identify High Cardiometabolic Risk in Adolescents: Results From the LabMed Physical Activity Study; Purpose: Then objective of this study was to evaluate the ability of several nontraditional cardiometabolic and inflammatory biomarkers in identifying high cardiometabolic risk in adolescents. Methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted with 529 Portuguese adolescents (267 girls) aged 14.3 ± 1.7 years. A clustered cardiometabolic risk score (body fat percentage, systolic blood pressure, ratio of total cholesterol to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance, and negative values of cardiorespiratory fitness) was computed. The nontraditional cardiometabolic biomarkers assessed were complement factors (C3 and C4), C-reactive protein (CRP), fibrinogen, leptin, white blood cells (WBCs), albumin, interleukin-6, and a clustered score of inflammatory biomarkers (InflaScore) (C3, C4, CRP, fibrinogen, and leptin). Results: Receiver operating characteristic curves analyses showed that C3, C4, CRP, fibrinogen, leptin, and the InflaScore were able to present discriminatory ability in identifying an unfavorable cardiometabolic profile in both girls and boys (p <.01 for all). Logistic regression analyses showed that C3, C4, CRP, fibrinogen, leptin, the InflaScore (in both sexes), and WBC (boys) were associated with high cardiometabolic risk, independent of age, pubertal stage, socioeconomic status, or adherence to a Mediterranean diet (p <.05 for all). Conclusions: C3, C4, CRP, fibrinogen, and leptin were associated with high cardiometabolic risk in both sexes and WBC in boys. In addition, the clustered inflammatory biomarkers seem to have a better diagnostic accuracy in identifying an unfavorable cardiometabolic profile than single biomarkers. Such biomarkers may have utility in motivating health professionals, public health workers, and adolescents’ families toward lifestyle changes, improving prevention efforts early in life. ER  - 
Circulating levels of miR-122 and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in pre-pubertal obese children; Objectives: The liver-specific miR-122 was proposed as biomarker for NAFLD in adults. Here, we investigated the relationship between miR-122 levels, parameters of liver metabolism and NAFLD in pre-pubertal obese children. Methods: Parameters of liver metabolism (ALT, AST and GGT) of three European cohorts were included (German cohort [n = 71; age: 11.53 ± 1.29 years; BMI z-score: 2.96 ± 0.64], Italian cohort [n = 45; age: 9.60 ± 2.11 years; BMI z-score: 3.57 ± 1.16], Slovenian cohort [n = 31; age: 7.53 ± 1.47 years; BMI z-score: 3.66 ± 0.88]). MiR-122 levels and CK18 concentrations were measured in fasting blood samples. In the German and Italian cohort, the diagnosis of NAFLD and grading of NAFLD was assessed by ultrasound. Results: NAFLD was diagnosed in n = 50 patients of the German cohort (29.6%) and in n = 29 patients (72.5%) of the Italian cohort. In all three cohorts, miR-122 was positively correlated with ALT and AST as well as with CK18 concentrations. MiR-122 levels were higher in children with NAFLD compared with healthy controls. Conclusions: MiR-122 levels in pre-pubertal obese children could be a potential biomarker for paediatric NAFLD. ER  - 
Longitudinal changes in bone-testis axis and their associations with insulin resistance in 11- to 12-year-old boys; Purpose Associations between osteocalcin (OCN), an osteoblast-specific hormone, and different markers of energy metabolism and insulin resistance have been reported in adults, but few studies have investigated this in children. The aim of the current study was to investigate serum OCN levels during pubertal development in normal weight (NW) and overweight (OW) boys, and to evaluate possible associations of OCN with body composition, testosterone, insulin resistance and adipocytokine values during puberty. Methods Ninety 11- to 12-year-old boys were investigated at 12-month intervals over the next 2 years. Boys were divided by their BMI into NW (n = 60) and OW (n = 30) groups. Serum OCN, testosterone, leptin, adiponectin, insulin, HOMA-IR score, and body composition were measured. Results Pubertal development over the 2-year period was similar in both groups. Serum OCN was not different at the beginning of the study and increased similarly in both groups. However, at the end of the study, NW had higher OCN than OW (142.9 ± 5.2 vs. 124.0 ± 7.4 ng/ml; p < 0.05). OW had higher leptin, insulin and HOMA-IR compared to NW, and these differences remained significant through the 2-year period. Testosterone, insulin and HOMA-IR increased through the study period in both groups. In multiple regression analyses increment in OCN was associated with the increase in testosterone in NW (p < 0.001) and OW (p = 0.049) boys. Increment in OCN was also associated with the increase in insulin (p = 0.019) and HOMA-IR (p = 0.012) over the 2-year period in NW boys. Conclusion Serum OCN concentration increases in puberty and the increment is positively associated with the rise in testosterone level in both NW and OW boys. The positive association between the rise in OCN and insulin in NW boys would suggest that OCN may have a role in the development of insulin resistance. ER  - 
Epicardial Fat Thickness in Non-Obese Neurologically Impaired Children: Association with Unfavorable Cardiometabolic Risk Profile; Background: Cardiovascular risk is reported in disabled children and epicardial fat (EF) is considered an independent predictor of cardiovascular disease (CVD). No data on the EF thickness (EFT) evaluation in disabled children have been published. Objective: We investigated EFT in neurologically impaired (NI) children; its relationship with their metabolic profile was also considered. Methods: Clinical data, body composition estimation, biochemical profile, and ultrasound-measured EFT were performed in 32 disabled patients (12.4 ± 6.3 years). Pathological parameters were defined using the following criteria: waist circumference >95th percentile, waist to height ratio (WHtR) >0.5, total cholesterol and triglycerides (TG) values >95th percentile, high density lipoprotein cholesterol <5th percentile, fasting blood glucose >100 mg/dL, homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA) >97.5th percentile, and EFT >3.6 mm. Results: EFT values in NI children were higher compared with control group values (p = 0.02). EFT correlated with gender (p < 0.001), age (p = 0.02), pubertal stage (p = 0.04), as well as WHtR (p = 0.03). A correlation between EFT and leptin was also noted (p = 0.04). EFT levels significantly correlated with pathological TG (p = 0.01) and HOMA-IR (p = 0.04). Conclusions: Higher EFT was observed in NI children compared with controls. EFT values correlated with clinical, metabolic, and endocrinological parameters. Ultrasound-measured EFT could be used to promptly detect subclinical CVD and to prevent adverse outcomes in disabled children. ER  - 
Adiposity and family history of type 2 diabetes in an admixed population of adolescents: Associations with insulin sensitivity, beta-cell function, and hepatic insulin extraction in BRAMS study; Aims: Insulin resistance and beta-cell dysfunction manifest differently across racial/ethnic groups, and there is a lack of knowledge regarding the pathophysiology of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) for ethnically admixed adolescents. This study aimed to investigate the influence of adiposity and family history (FH) of T2DM on aspects of insulin sensitivity, beta-cell function, and hepatic insulin extraction in Brazilian adolescents. Methods: A total of 82 normoglycemic adolescents were assessed. The positive FH of T2DM was defined as the presence of at least one known family member with T2DM. The hyperglycemic clamp test consisted of a 120-min protocol. Insulin secretion and beta-cell function were obtained from C-peptide deconvolution. Analysis of covariance considered pubertal stage as a covariate. Results: Both lean and overweight/obese adolescents had similar glycemic profiles and disposition indexes. Overweight/obese adolescents had about 1/3 the insulin sensitivity of lean adolescents (1.1 ± 0.2 vs. 3.4 ± 0.3 mg·kg·min·pmol ∗ 1000), which was compensated by an increase around 2.5 times in basal (130 ± 7 vs. 52 ± 10 pmol·l·min) and total insulin secretion (130,091 ± 12,230 vs. 59,010 ± 17,522 pmol·l·min), and in the first and second phases of insulin secretion; respectively (p < 0.001). This increase was accompanied by a mean reduction in hepatic insulin extraction of 35%, and a 2.7-time increase in beta-cell glucose sensitivity (p < 0.05). The positive FH of T2DM was not associated with derangements in insulin sensitivity, beta-cell function, and hepatic insulin extraction. Conclusions: In an admixed sample of adolescents, the hyperglycemic clamp test demonstrated that adiposity had a strong influence, and FH of T2DM had no direct influence, in different aspects of glucose metabolism. ER  - 
Insulin resistance is higher in prepubertal girls but switches to become higher in boys at age 16: A Cohort Study (EarlyBird 57); Background: The risk of type 2 diabetes is increasing in teenage girls, and is associated with their greater insulin resistance (IR). Hypothesis: We hypothesized that the adverse metabolic profile of girls (compared with boys) would persist from childhood through adolescence. Patients and Methods: Community-based longitudinal cohort of 292 children (147 boys) studied annually from 9 to 16 years. Measures: IR (homeostasis-model-assessment-2), high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C), triglycerides, % body-fat (dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry), pubertal stage (age at peak height velocity), physical activity (accelerometry). Multi-level modelling established the age-related trends in IR and lipids and the influence of covariates. Results: Each year from 9 to 15 years, girls had 21% to 63% higher IR than boys (girls mean IR 0.73-1.33, boys 0.51-0.89, P <.005). At 16 years the gender difference was not significant (girls IR 0.60, boys 0.56, P =.45). Girls had lower HDL-C from 9 to 12 years, higher triglycerides from 9 to 14 years, greater adiposity throughout, and earlier puberty, but boys were more active than girls (all P <.05). After adjustment for %-fat, puberty and activity, the gender difference in IR between girls and boys aged 9 to 15 years became non-significant (IR girls 0.66-1.01, boys 0.65-1.04, P >.07). However, after adjustment at 16 years, girls’ IR was 25% lower than boys’ (girls 0.44, boys 0.63, P =.001), and they had 22% higher HDL-C (P <.001) and 20% lower triglycerides (P =.003). Conclusions: The higher IR of prepubertal and early pubertal girls diminishes during late puberty, and boys begin to exhibit greater metabolic risk. Despite being leaner and more active, boys at 16 years have higher IR than girls, suggesting future higher risk for diabetes, thus we reject our hypothesis. ER  - 
Preconception Counseling for Adolescents and Young Adults with Diabetes: a Literature Review of the Past 10 Years; Purpose of Review: Women with diabetes who have unplanned pregnancies and uncontrolled blood sugars are at a higher risk for maternal and fetal morbidities and mortalities. Preconception counseling (PC) has been shown to decrease the risks and improve health outcomes. From 2009 to 2017, the American Diabetes Association has recommended that preconception counseling be given at each clinic visit for all women with diabetes of childbearing age starting at puberty (prior to sexual debut). Recent Findings: This article reports both national and international progress in PC efforts for adolescents and young adults (12–34 years) with diabetes over the past decade. Twenty-eight publications were identified and included in this article (11 were research, 12 clinical guidelines, and 5 reviews). Summary: Despite recommendations to start PC at puberty, only four studies had interventions that targeted the adolescent and young adult age group. Three of them were associated with the same PC awareness program. Positive outcomes were reported in all of these studies. Greater family vigilance was observed in a long-term follow-up of a cohort of women who received PC as teens. Adolescents should receive awareness PC. More early PC interventions and cohort follow-up studies are needed among adolescents and young adults, using technology that appeals to this age group. Programs should be expanded to include other populations like males with diabetes and females from other cultures and religions that would require program modification. ER  - 
The BDNF Val66Met polymorphism is associated with lower BMI, lower postprandial glucose levels and elevated carbohydrate intake in children and adolescents; Background: The amino acid-changing exonic variant rs6265 (Val66Met polymorphism) in the brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) has been linked to obesity in several genotype–phenotype association studies. Objective: To identify metabolic factors by which this effect might be conveyed, we aimed to investigate its correlation with (i) obesity, (ii) metabolic parameters, (iii) serum levels of BDNF and (iv) measures of energy intake in children and adolescents. Methods: We genotyped the variant in 2131 subjects (age 6–18 years) and checked for an association with obesity. Secondly, we correlated the genotype with parameters of glucose and lipid metabolism (fasting/postprandial glucose and insulin levels, HbA1c, homeostasis model assessment, Matsuda, high-density lipoprotein, low-density lipoprotein, total cholesterol and triglycerides) in a smaller subset of 845 subjects. We determined BDNF serum levels in 177 individuals by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay and assessed the association with genotype and metabolic parameters. Finally, we investigated the association between genotype and macronutrient intake from self-reported food diaries (n = 146). Results: The minor Met allele was associated with lower BMI standard deviation score (p = 0.002). Post-pubertal Met allele carriers showed lower postprandial glucose levels and a lower HbA1c (β = 0.15, p = 0.046 and β = 0.27, p = 0.012, respectively). Neither the genotype nor any of the metabolic parameters correlated with BDNF serum levels. We observed an increased total calorie intake (β = −0.21, p = 0.007) with increased carbohydrate and protein intake (β = −0.22, p = 0.005 and β = −0.14, p = 0.028, respectively) in Met allele carriers. Conclusions: We confirmed the association of the minor Met allele with lower BMI in children and provide new data that it is associated with lower postprandial glucose in post-pubertal subjects. Moreover, Met allele carriers reported to consume more carbohydrates and proteins. ER  - 
An assessment of retinal nerve fiber layer thickness in non-diabetic obese children and adolescents; Objective: Obesity affects almost all systems in the body. This includes the retinal nerve fibers which may be damaged due to a chronic inflammatory process. To determine changes in retinal nerve fiber layer (RNFL) thickness in non-diabetic children and adolescents using optical coherence tomography (OCT) and to evaluate the relationship between this change, metabolic risk factors and pubertal stage. Methods: Thirty-eight obese and 40 healthy children and adolescents aged 10-18 years were included in the study. RNFL measurements from the optic disk and all surrounding quadrants were obtained using OCT from both eyes of the individuals in the study groups. Correlations between RNFL thickness and age, auxological measurements, pubertal stage, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) index and lipid values were investigated. Results: A general decrease was observed in RNFL thickness in obese subjects compared to the controls, the decrease being highest in the inferior quadrant, although these differences were not statistically significant (p>0.05). RNFL thickness was negatively correlated with body mass index (BMI) standard deviation score (SDS) in both groups (control group r=-0.345, p=0.029; obese group r=-0.355, p=0.022). Significant negative correlations were determined between diastolic blood pressure, HOMA-IR, low density lipoprotein cholesterol level and RNFL thickness (r=-0.366, p=0.024; r=-0.394, p=0.016; and r=-0.374, p=0.022, respectively) in the obese group, while there was no association between these parameters and RNFL thickness in the control group. Conclusion: In this cross-sectional study, no statistically significant difference in RNFL thicknesses between the obese and control groups was determined. However, RNFL thickness was found to decrease in both healthy and obese children as BMI-SDS values increased. Further prospective studies may be of benefit to determine whether the decrease in RNFL values might become more pronounced on long-term follow-up. ER  - 
The majority of irregular menstrual cycles in adolescence are ovulatory: Results of a prospective study; Purpose While ovulation is most likely to occur in adolescent girls with regular menstrual cycles, there are limited data on the incidence of ovulation in girls with irregular menstrual cycles in early postmenarcheal years. The aim of the study was to evaluate the presence of ovulation in healthy postmenarcheal girls with irregular menstrual cycles. Methods, design and subjects Prospective cohort study over 12 weeks including 40 healthy postmenarcheal girls recruited from the population-based cohort of adolescents from Western Australian Pregnancy Cohort (Raine) Study with irregular menstrual cycles defined by either menstrual cycles <21 days or >35 days in duration or cycle length that varied from month to month by >4 days according to menstrual diaries. Main outcome measure Ovulation defined by urinary pregnanediol-3α-glucuronide/creatinine measurements higher than three times above minimum value obtained from 12 samples (1 per week). Results Forty girls (37 Caucasians) with irregular menstrual cycles aged 15.1 (median (IQR) 14.9-15.4) years who were 2.3 (1.9-3.3) years postmenarche were assessed. Urinary pregnanediol-3α-glucuronide/creatinine values identified that 33 girls (82.5%) ovulated during the 3 months of observation and 7 girls had anovulatory cycles. Menstrual diaries collected for a median (IQR) of 159 (137.5-188.2) days showed median minimal and maximum menstrual cycle duration of 24 (11.5-29) and 38.5 (35-48) days, respectively. Conclusions A large proportion of healthy adolescent girls with irregular menstrual cycles are still ovulating despite irregular and infrequent menses. ER  - 
Osteoarthritis and reproductive history in the women's health initiative; INTRODUCTION: Osteoarthritis (OA) is the most prevalent form of musculoskeletal disease and a major cause of impairment in the elderly population. Prior studies have reported conflicting findings on the association of reproductive factors with development of OA, and have often investigated only a subset of reproductive factors. METHODS: We used multivariable logistic regression to investigate the relationship between self-reported OA and reproductive factors in the Women's Health Initiative Observational Study (WHI-OS) and Clinical Trial (WHI-CT) cohort of postmenopausal women, in a retrospective cross-sectional format. Among 161,808 total women in the WHI OS and CT cohorts (aged 50-79 years, enrolled between 1993 and 1998 at 40 U.S. clinical centers), we included 145,965 women who were not missing information on reproductive factors or osteoarthritis. Our analysis also excluded women with rheumatoid arthritis, systemic lupus erythematous, or ulcerative colitis. Confounders in the multivariate analysis included age, ethnicity, education, income, insurance status, care provider, smoking, alcohol use, BMI, diabetes, physical activity, and trial arm. RESULTS: In our cohort, we found that the following factors were associated with increased likelihood of developing OA: younger age at menarche (trend p<0.001), history of hysterectomy (OR 1.01 95% CI 1.004-1.02, p<0.01), history of unilateral oophorectomy (OR 1.02 95% CI 1.004-1.026, p<0.01), parity (OR 1.02 95% CI 1.01-1.03, p<0.001), use of oral contraceptives (OR 1.01 95% CI 1.001-1.016, p<0.01), and current use of hormonal therapy [p<0.001 versus never (OR 0.95 95% CI 0.94-0.96) and past users (OR 0.981 95% CI 0.97-.099)]. We found that age of menopause was not associated with development of OA. Among parous women, we observed that a higher number of pregnancies was associated with increased likelihood of OA development (trend p<0.001). Breastfeeding for up to 6 months was associated with higher likelihood of OA development compared to no breastfeeding; however, breastfeeding for over 4 years was associated with protective effects for OA (p<0.001). Age at first birth and pregnancy were not associated with OA development. CONCLUSION: Our study showed that multiple reproductive factors were associated with an increased likelihood of development of OA after controlling for confounders. This may be due to complex hormonal effects. However, most observed differences were not clinically significant in our cohort despite statistical significance. Additional investigation is warranted in larger cohort studies. ER  - 
Risk factors for type 2 diabetes mellitus: An exposure-wide umbrella review of meta-analyses; Background Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a global epidemic associated with increased health expenditure, and low quality of life. Many non-genetic risk factors have been suggested, but their overall epidemiological credibility has not been assessed. Methods We searched PubMed to capture all meta-analyses and Mendelian randomization studies for risk factors of T2DM. For each association, we estimated the summary effect size, its 95% confidence and prediction interval, and the I2 metric. We examined the presence of small-study effects and excess significance bias. We assessed the epidemiological credibility through a set of predefined criteria. Results We captured 86 eligible papers (142 associations) covering a wide range of biomarkers, medical conditions, and dietary, lifestyle, environmental and psychosocial factors. Adi-posity, low hip circumference, serum biomarkers (increased level of alanine aminotransferase, gamma-glutamyl transferase, uric acid and C-reactive protein, and decreased level of adiponectin and vitamin D), an unhealthy dietary pattern (increased consumption of processed meat and sugar-sweetened beverages, decreased intake of whole grains, coffee and heme iron, and low adherence to a healthy dietary pattern), low level of education and conscientiousness, decreased physical activity, high sedentary time and duration of television watching, low alcohol drinking, smoking, air pollution, and some medical conditions (high systolic blood pressure, late menarche age, gestational diabetes, metabolic syndrome, preterm birth) presented robust evidence for increased risk of T2DM. Conclusions A healthy lifestyle pattern could lead to decreased risk for T2DM. Future randomized clinical trials should focus on identifying efficient strategies to modify harmful daily habits and predisposing dietary patterns. ER  - 
Principal component-derived bone density phenotypes and genetic regulation of the pediatric skeleton; Objectives: Determine if genetic variants associated with principal component-derived areal bone mineral density (aBMD) loading scores. Methods: Our sample comprised 1,293 children of European ancestry enrolled in the longitudinal Bone Mineral Density in Childhood Study (52% female). The participants completed up to 7 annual visits. Sex and age-specific aBMD Z-scores were calculated for total hip, femoral neck, spine and distal radius. Principal components analysis, applied to the four Z-scores, generated new integrated aBMD phenotypes. Linear mixed effects models, adjusted for age, Tanner, BMI-Z, dietary calcium and physical activity, were used to test associations between a genetic score (percentage aBMD-lowering alleles carried at 63 GWAS-implicated loci) and the loading scores. We also performed a GWAS, using the baseline data, to identify loci associated with the loading scores. Results: Four principal components (PC1-PC4) were identified that explained 68.1%, 18.6%, 10.5%, and 2.8% of the variance, respectively. A higher PC1 loading score indicated higher bone Z-scores across all four sites. The genetic score was associated with lower PC1 loading score (beta=-0.05, P=3.9x10-10); from the GWAS, rs114260199 (LMO2/CAPRIN1, P=3.9x10-8) and rs75321045 (ZMAT4, P=2.5x10-8, females) were associated with PC1 loading score. A higher PC2 loading score indicated higher distal radius Z-score only. The genetic score was not associated with PC2; from the GWAS rs67991850 (CPED1, P=2.5x10-11) was associated with PC2 loading score. A higher PC3 loading score indicated higher spine Z-score only. The genetic score was not associated with PC3; from the GWAS rs58649746 (RAB11FIP5, P=4.8x10-9, females) was associated with PC3 loading score. A higher PC4 loading score indicated lower total hip Z-score, but higher femoral neck Z-score. No genetic associations were observed for PC4. Conclusion: We identified non-site-specific (PC1), distal radiusspecific (PC2) and spine-specific phenotypes (PC3). An established genetic bone fragility score associated with the non-site-specific phenotype, but not the site-specific phenotypes. Novel variants near LMO2/CAPRIN1, ZMAT4, and RAB11FIP5 associated with non-site specific or spine specific phenotypes. These results highlight the utility of an integrated skeletal site phenotyping approach, which may help identify additional genetic loci associated with skeletal development. ER  - 
Growth hormone therapy follow-up programme in paediatric patients; Background Hormonal treatment can improve the clinical situation of child and adolescent patients because it enables them to reach an optimal height, and to avoid the physiological and psychological consequences of lacking growth hormone. For this reason, security and efficiency must be guaranteed. Purpose To evaluate the prescription and to monitor the treatment of paediatric patients treated with growth hormone. Material and methods A retrospective and observational study was performed on patients that initiated growth hormone treatment between 2009 and 2016. The data we used were obtained from patients' records and collected following the Ministry of Health recommendations: dose of the drug, height, weight, insulin growth factor I (IGF-I) value, growth rate, bone age, adult height prediction, pubertal study and growth chart. Adverse effects and adherence to treatment were considered. The adherence was calculated using the drug dispensation records from the Pharmacy Service. Results Thirty-two patients with an average age of 10±3 years initiated the treatment: 56% of them were children (18). Diagnosis was classic growth hormone deficiency in 90% of cases (29) and intrauterine growth retardation in 10% (3) of them. All of them had data on height, weight and growth rate. Adult height prediction was only present in 3% of cases (1) and pubertal study in 75% of cases (24). Growth chart was not present in any of them. Bone age was studied in 87% of cases (28). Insulin growth factor was determined after 12 months of treatment in 68% of cases (22). Initial dose was adequate in all cases and 18% of cases (6) endured a mistaken dosage when dose was changed after that. Ninety per cent of patients (29) were adherent. Twelve per cent (4) presented drug-related adverse effects: hyperinsulinaemia (2), myalgia (1) and cephalea (1). Conclusion Treatment monitoring did not comply with established criteria. There is a need for pharmaceutical care in order to guarantee optimal monitoring and security of treatment. ER  - 
Longitudinal audit of diabetes control with insulin pump therapy over seven years of treatment-interim results; Aim Insulin pump therapy i.e. Continuous Subcutaneous Insulin Infusion therapy (CSII) is a well-recognised treatment modality in Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus (T1DM). NICE recommends a target%HbA1c level <6.5% to minimise long-term complication risk. CSII can be considered in patients<12 years and in those whose%HbA1c have remained high (>8.5%) on multiple daily insulin therapy despite a high level of care. The aim of this audit is to review diabetes control over time in T1DM patients managed with CSII in our Paediatric Diabetes Unit (PDU). Methods Retrospective review of diabetes control (%HbA1c) of TIDM patients managed with CSII in our PDU (23/03/2009-10/01/2017). Inclusion criteria=All patients managed with CSII whose data is complete i.e. have a locally recorded pre-CSII%HbA1c and are managed with CSII for at least one full year following switch to CSII. Pre-CSII%HbA1c=mean of up to three%HbA1c recorded prior to switch to CSII. Annual CSII%HbA1c=mean of all%HbA1c recorded per whole year since switching to CSII. Results In the time period reviewed there have been a total of 57 patients managed with CSII; seven patients were excluded from analysis. There was a slight male preponderance (1.08:1, 52%) with a mean age (±SD) at diagnosis/transfer into our unit of 7.6 years (±4.5 years) and at switch to CSII of 10.2 years (±4.8 years). Analysis of data showed that those patients with the better control pre-switch generally maintained better control following switch to CSII. Despite the fact that annual%HbA1c showed that diabetes control generally worsens over time, cohort annual%HbA1c have remained relatively stable over the seven-year study period. Conclusion Our PDU has a small number of patients managed with CSII. Results obtained were reflective of other studies which demonstrated worsening diabetes control over time. Despite this, cohort annual results have remained relatively stable. The difficulties of managing patients as they transition through puberty into adolescence/adulthood are well recognised. Supportive and educational opportunities must be maximised for optimal diabetes control and prevention of complications. ER  - 
I adolescent cohorts assessing growth, cardiovascular and cognitive outcomes in low and middle-income countries; Life-course studies are needed to explore how exposures during adolescence, particularly puberty, contribute to later cardiovascular risk and cognitive health in low and middle-income countries (LMIC), where 90% of the world's young people live. The extent of any existing cohorts investigating these outcomes in LMIC has not previously been described. Methods We performed a systematic literature review to identify population cohort studies of adolescents in LMIC that assessed anthropometry and any of cardiovascular risk (blood pressure, physical activity, plasma glucose/lipid profile and substance misuse), puberty (age at menarche, Tanner staging, or other form of pubertal staging) or cognitive outcomes. Studies that recruited participants on the basis of a pre-existing condition or involved less than 500 young people were excluded. Findings 1829 studies were identified, and 24 cohorts fulfilled inclusion criteria based in Asia (10), Africa (6) and South/Central America (8). 14 (58%) of cohorts identified were based in one of four countries; India, Brazil, Vietnam or Ethiopia. Only 2 cohorts included a comprehensive cardiovascular assessment, tanner pubertal staging, and cognitive outcomes. Conclusion Improved utilisation of existing datasets and additional cohort studies of adolescents in LMIC that collect con-temporaneous measures of growth, cognition, cardiovascular risk and pubertal development are needed to better understand how this period of the life course influences future non-communicable disease morbidity and cognitive outcomes. ER  - 
Association between Duration of Reproductive Years and Metabolic Syndrome; Background: The incidence of metabolic syndrome (MetS) has gradually increased in recent years. MetS has been associated with age at menarche and menopause; however, the association between MetS and the reproductive span remains unclear. Materials and Methods: This study examined MetS and the reproductive span among 1,214 participants of the 2014 Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys, a stratified, complex, multistage, probability cluster survey conducted by the Division of Chronic Disease Surveillance of the Korea Center for Disease Control and Prevention since 1998. MetS was defined by using the joint interim statement of the International Diabetes Federation; National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute; and American Heart Association. The reproductive span or duration of reproductive years was calculated from age at menarche to age at menopause for postmenopausal women. Results: The prevalence of MetS in this study was 36% (437 of 1,214). In multivariate analysis adjusted for age, longer reproductive years were associated with a higher prevalence of MetS (odds ratio [OR] 1.059, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.055-1.063). However, after adjusting for covariates (age, residential area, income, dyslipidemia medication, education, current smoking, regular exercise, alcohol consumption, body mass index, years after menopause, aspartate aminotransferase, alanine aminotransferase, and white and red blood cell counts), longer reproductive years were associated with a lower prevalence of MetS (OR 0.751, 95% CI 0.745-0.747). Conclusion: Longer reproductive years were significantly associated with a decreased prevalence of MetS. ER  - 
Insulin-resistance in patients with moderate to severe acne; BACKGROUND: Acne is a chronic inflammation of the sebaceous follicle pilo unit that affects more than 40 million people worldwide. It is more common in puberty and young adulthood. Because it is a prevalent disease, there have been numerous studies focusing on finding pathogenic factors; some studies suggest a relationship between insulin levels and the presence of acne. OBJECTIVE: To determine the association between insulin resistance and inflammatory acne of moderate to severe type. MATERIAL AND METHOD: An analytical case-control study was performed from April to June 2016 in a dermatologic private practice in Quito and in the Unidad Educativa Andino in Quito, Ecuador. Young men and women of 16 to 25 years with and without acne were included, and insulin resistance was determined by the index Homeostasis Model Assessment (HOMA-IR) for each individual. RESULTS: Patients with moderate to severe inflammatory acne were diagnosed by dermatologist specialty. Both blood glucose levels (p value > 0.05, 89.5 ± 6.99 vs 88.75 ± 6.58 mg/dL) and insulin (p value > 0.05, 11.60 ± 9.6 vs 9.2 ± 5.43 mU/mL) during fasting had no significant differences between groups of cases and controls. In addition, there was no significant difference between patients with healthy controls in terms of the values of HOMA (p > 0.05, 2.62 ± 2.21 vs 2.04 ± 1.29), but there was correlation between age and HOMA values (p < 0.05). CONCLUSION: The results suggest that insulin resistance does not have a role in the pathogenesis of acne. ER  - 
Features of Depression in adolescents; Background and aims.- The notion of adolescence includes somatic and psychoendocrine status of puberty, characteristics of ontogenetic development, psychic sphere with its features of behavioral and adaptation response to stress factors (Brent.D.A. 2007; Levis C.C. Simons A.D., 2009). Clinical phenomenology of depression comorbid with endocrine diseases in adolescents still remains insufficiently studied. Methods.- 156 adolescents with depression aged from 12 to 18 years have been examined. Design of investigation: clinical psychopathological, somatic neurological, psychological (rating scale for depression by Boyko V.M.MADRS: pathological diagnostic personal questionnaire by Lichko A. Ye.). Results.- In the patients aged from 12 to 14 years, asthenic, anxiety and hypochondriac syndromes have been found: in the patients aged from 14 to 18 years, behavioral, dysmorphic, apathy syndromes were present. Depression severity was positively correlated with insuline- resistant obesity (r = 0.776. P < 0.001); apathy - with thyroid pathology (r = 0.338, P = 0.020), behavioral symptoms were positively correlated with hypothalamic pubertal syndrome (r = 0.654, P < 0.001), dysmorphia with anorexia nervosa syndrome (r = 0.556, P < 0.001). Conclusion.- Depression in adolescents is comorbid with certain endocrine diseases; it generates the risk of late recognition of affective disorders and untimely therapeutic intervention. ER  - 
Clinical and metabolic characteristics of Turkish adolescents with polycystic ovary syndrome; The aim of this study was to investigate the clinical, endocrine, metabolic features and prevalence of metabolic syndrome (MBS) in Turkish adolescents with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and the differences in metabolic parameters between adolescent PCOS with or without the presence of polycystic ovaries (PCO) on ultrasound. Subjects (n = 77) were classified into two groups: oligomenorrhea (O) and clinical and/or biochemical hyperandrogenism (HA) (n = 38), without PCO and O + HA with PCO (n = 39). The control group consisted of 33 age-matched adolescents. Adolescents with PCOS had a significantly higher body mass index (BMI), waist circumference and levels of LH, LH/FSH ratio, triglyceride, insulin, HOMA-IR, free androgen index and lower levels of SHBG and FSH. After adjustment for BMI, LH, LH: FSH ratio remained significantly higher. Adolescents with PCOS had a higher prevalence of MBS. No significant differences in lipid profiles, insulin levels and insulin sensitivity in both the PCOS groups were seen. HDL-C levels were lower in the O + HA + PCO group compared to the controls. BMI may be the major contributing factor in the development of metabolic abnormalities in adolescents with PCOS.Impact statement Many studies have investigated the effect of PCOS on metabolic and cardiovascular risks. It is thought that PCOS increases metabolic and cardiovascular risks. Increase in metabolic and cardiovascular risks associated with PCOS may be handled with early diagnosis and early intervention of PCOS in adolescents, although the diagnosis of PCOS in adolescents could be hard because of the features of PCOS overlapping normal pubertal physiological events. However, early identification of adolescent girls with PCOS may provide opportunities for prevention of well-known health risks associated with this syndrome and reduction of long-term health consequences of PCOS by reducing androgen levels and improving metabolic profile. Our results also support that BMI may be the major contributing factor in the development of metabolic abnormalities in adolescents with PCOS. ER  - 
Final adult height and endocrine complications in young adults with β-thalassemia major (TM) who received oral iron chelation (OIC) in comparison with those who did not use OIC; Background: Relatively little is known about endocrine function, bone mineral health, and growth during oral iron chelation therapy in β-thalassemia major patients (TM) on treatment with deferasirox. Aims of the study: To study the frequency of endocrine complications, IGF-1 levels and final adult standing height (FA-Ht) in patients with BTM in two groups of adult patients. Patients and methods: The first group (Group A; 15 patients, 6 females and 9 males) received oral iron chelation therapy (OIC) with deferasirox for 6 years before puberty; the second group (Group B;40 patients) attained the FA-Ht before the use of OIC (iron chelation therapy with deferoxamine (DFO) given subcutaneously, since the age of 2 years). In both groups liver iron concentration was measured using FerriScan® R2-MRI method. Furthermore, the FA-Ht, body mass index (BMI), and insulin growth factor-1 (IGF-1) in a selected group of adult patients [9 with normal growth hormone (GH) secretion (GHN) and 8 with GH deficiency (GHD; peak GH response to provocative test with clonidine: <7 ng/ml), who were on iron chelation therapy with DFO given subcutaneously that was changed to oral deferasirox during the last 5-6 years. These 15 patients were not treated with rhGH. Results: Adults with BTM who received OIC for 6 years or more before attaining their FA-Ht, had lower liver iron concentration (LIC) assessed by FerriScan® R2-MRI, fasting glucose level (FBG) and liver enzymes (ALT and AST), and a better FA-Ht expressed in standard deviation score (FA-Ht-SDS), and higher IGF- 1 SDS versus those who did not receive OIC before attaining FA-Ht. The prevalence of endocrinopathies, including hypothyroidism and hypogonadism were significantly lower in Group A versus Group B. Comparison between the group with normal GHN and those with GHD showed that the FA-Ht-SDS of those with GHD (159.1±6.42 cm. Ht-SDS=-2.5±0.9) was significantly decreased compared to the group with NGH (Ht=163.5±5.2 cm, Ht-SDS=-1.74±0.83). The IGF-1-SDS did not differ between the two groups. Neither ferritin level nor IGF-1 concentrations were correlated with the Ht-SDS. The FA-Ht-SDS correlated significantly with the peak GH secretion (r=0.788, p=0.0008). The FA-Ht-SDS were positively related to their mid-parental height (r=0.58, P<0.01). Conclusions: The use of OIC years before the end of puberty was associated with a significantly lower prevalence of endocrinopathies, improvement of LIC and FA-Ht. The final adult height of patients with BTM and GHD was significantly shorter compared to their pears with NGH. rhGH therapy can be recommended for the treatment of thalassemic children and adolescents with GHD in addition to proper blood transfusion and intensive chelation to improve their final height. ER  - 
Statural growth and prevalence of endocrinopathies in relation to liver iron content (LIC) in adult patients with beta thalassemia major (BTM) and sickle cell disease (SCD); Despite regular blood transfusion and iron chelation therapy, growth impairment and pubertal delay are commonly seen in children and adolescents with transfusion-dependent Beta thalassaemia major (BTM) and sickle cell disease (SCD). We evaluated growth parameters and endocrine disorders in relation to the liver iron concentration (LIC) assessed by the Ferriscan® method in a cohort of adults with SCD (n=40) and BTM (n=52) receiving blood transfusions and iron chelation therapy since early childhood. Before transfusion, hemoglobin concentration had not been less than 9 g/dl in the past 12 years; subcutaneous daily desferrioxamine was administered for all of them since early childhood (2-5 years of age). All patients were shifted to oral therapy with deferasirox iron chelation, 20 mg/daily for the past 5 years. BTM patients with higher LIC (>15 mg Fe/g dry weight) had significantly shorter stature, lower insulin-like growth factor-I SDS (IGF-I SDS), higher alanine transferase (ALT) and serum ferritin concentrations compared to thalassemic patients with lower LIC. Patients with SCD with LIC >8 mg Fe/g dry weight had significantly shorter stature, lower IGF-I SDS and higher ALT compared to SCD patients with lower LIC. Patients with BTM had significantly shorted final height (Ht-SDS), IGF-I SDS and FT4 level compared to patients with SCD. LIC and mean fasting blood glucose (FBG) were significantly higher in patients with BTM compared to those with SCD. The linear regression analysis showed a significant correlation between LIC and serum ferritin level in SCD and BTM. LIC and serum ferritin level were also correlated significantly with IGF-I level in patients with BTM. LIC was correlated significantly with ALT in patients with BTM. In conclusion, the prevalence of endocrinopathies especially hypothyroidism, DM, and hypogonadism were significantly higher in BTM patients versus SCD patients and higher in patients with higher LIC versus those with lower LIC. These complications occurred less frequently, but still considerable, in chronically transfused patients with SCD. ER  - 
Use of testosterone gel compared to intramuscular formulation for puberty induction in males with constitutional delay of growth and puberty: a preliminary study; Purpose: Constitutional delay of growth and puberty (CDGP) treatment include observation or therapy with intramuscular testosterone (IMTT). No data are available about transdermal testosterone gel (TTG). The aim of our study was to analyze the use of TTG in males with CDGP. Methods: 73 boys with CDGP were divided into three groups: IMTT treated with 50 mg i.m. testosterone; TTG with 10 mg daily 2% testosterone transdermal gel, and no treatment (CNT). All subjects were observed at baseline and after 6 months. Results: The height velocity after treatment were statistically higher in both IMTT and TTG compared to CNT, while CNT showed higher increase of the testicular volume. No other differences were recorded between IMTT and TTG. Conclusions: To our knowledge this is the first study on use of TTG for pubertal activation on CDGP population. Our preliminary data confirm the efficacy of short-term Testosterone gel treatment to induce puberty compared to conventional treatment. ER  - 
Similar to Adiponectin, Serum Levels of Osteocalcin are Associated with Mammographic Breast Density in Postmenopausal Women; Objective: Breast cancer is the most common type of cancer in Canadian women and worldwide. Mammographic density is a well-established breast cancer risk. Recent evidence suggested inverse correlations among adiponectin, osteocalcin, and the risk developing breast cancer. The objective of the study was to evaluate the relationship between breast density and adiponectin and osteocalcin concentrations. Methods: A cross-sectional study was performed in 239 women, age range 40 to 60. Mammographic density, serum adiponectin, and osteocalcin levels were measured. According to the Wolfe method, participants were divided into those with low-risk and high-risk pattern mammograms. Results: The study population included 107 premenopausal and 132 postmenopausal women. Parameters were no different between women with low-risk and high-risk patterns. In obese postmenopausal women, the high-risk pattern mammogram group had significantly higher values of adiponectin and osteocalcin compared with the low-risk pattern group. Multiple linear regression analyses showed that adiponectin and osteocalcin levels were associated with high-risk pattern mammograms. Conclusion: Adiponectin and osteocalcin levels were directly associated with high-risk pattern mammograms in obese postmenopausal women. These results do not support the use of adipokines as biomarkers; nevertheless, the most important factor is to assess the risk through breast density. ER  - 
Diet and cardiometabolic side effects in children treated with second-generation antipsychotics; Background: Second-generation antipsychotic (SGA) treatment in children is associated with metabolic side effects including weight gain, dyslipidemia, and insulin resistance. The objective of this study is to determine if SGA treatment in children affects dietary intakes and relationship to metabolic side effects. Methods: Three-day food records assessed dietary energy and macronutrient intakes in a cross-sectional population of SGA-treated (n = 35) and SGA-naïve (n = 29) children. Results: SGA-treated children had more overweight/obesity (BMI ≥ 85th percentile for age and sex, p = 0.001); waist circumference (WC) ≥ 90th percentile for age and sex (p = 0.007); waist:height ratio (WHtR) ≥ 85th percentile for age and sex (p = 0.004), greater HOMA-IR, (p = 0.001) and plasma triglycerides (p = 0.017), and lower plasma HDL (p = 0.029). Dietary energy intakes were not different between SGA-naïve and SGA-treated children [1734 ± 486 vs 1971 ± 649 (−135, 408) kcal/day, mean ± SD (95% CI)] after adjustments for sex, age, Tanner stage, psychostimulant use, and height. Similarly, no differences in macronutrient intakes were observed. In models adjusted for SGA treatment and physical activity, no relationships between dietary intakes and BMI were found, but dietary total energy intakes were positively associated with waist circumference z-scores (p = 0.019), systolic blood pressure z-scores (p = 0.028, also adjusted for BMI) and HOMA-IR (p = 0.013, also adjusted for age, sex, BMI). All of the children had poor diets with 87.5% having >7% of daily energy from saturated fat; 62.5% having >20% of daily energy from sugar; and almost 60% having sodium intakes above the tolerable upper intake level. Conclusions: SGA treatment is not associated with greater dietary energy intakes in children. However, dietary energy intakes are associated with greater waist circumference and systolic blood pressure z-scores and HOMA-IR in children with mental health conditions. ER  - 
Prevalence of Coronary Artery Disease Risk Factors and Metabolic Syndrome in Children with Heart Disease; Children with acquired and congenital heart disease (CHD) are increasingly surviving to adulthood. Our aim was to determine the prevalence of coronary artery disease (CAD) risk factors in children at known risk for early CAD or with severe CHD. We recruited children (8–19 years) at risk for early CAD—Kawasaki disease (KD, N = 36) and coarctation (69) or severe CHD: > 1 cardiopulmonary bypass surgery (60), single ventricle (15), prosthetic valves (13). Anthropometric measurements, blood pressure, and fasting lipid data were compared with summaries from National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) publications (1999–2012). Relative risk (RR) ratios were calculated based on age classification and pooled to obtain overall RR. Of 174 subjects, 106 were male (61%) and 138 (79%) had CHD. Compared to NHANES data, hypertension and low HDL were higher in the study cohort [RR 11.7 (CI 6.34–21.6), p < 0.001; and 1.79 (CI 1.36–2.35). p < 0.001] and obesity and elevated total cholesterol were lower [RR 0.59 (CI 0.37–0.96), p = 0.03; and 0.42 (CI 0.19–0.95), p = 0.04]. Elevated non-HDL was similar between groups. Age category had similar RR for all CAD risk factors. Eight subjects had metabolic syndrome. Risk factors were similar between KD versus CHD subgroups. Both coarctation and non-coarctation subjects had increased RR for hypertension. Hypertension is the most common risk factor for children at risk of early CAD and severe CHD. Metabolic syndrome is rare. These patients should be screened and treated for hypertension and current recommendations for universal lipid screening are adequate for follow-up. ER  - 
Metformin for Rapidly Maturing Girls with Central Adiposity: Less Liver Fat and Slower Bone Maturation; Background/Aims: Girls with low-birth weight (LBW) and postnatal weight catch-up tend to develop visceral and hepatic fat excess, which may be accompanied by an upregulated adrenarche with precocious pubarche (PP) and by a rapidly progressive puberty with early menarche and shorter stature. A pilot study suggested that metformin treatment for 4 years reduces central adiposity in LBW-PP girls and normalizes puberty and adult height. In this cohort, we studied the relationship between metformin treatment, bone maturation, and body composition. Methods: Longitudinal hand X-rays (0-4 years, analyzed by BoneXpert) were available from 34 LBW-PP girls (89% of the original cohort; n = 17 untreated, n = 17 metformin-treated; age at the start of treatment 8 years) along with body composition (0-4 years, by DXA), hepatic fat, and abdominally subcutaneous and visceral fat (posttreatment, by MRI). Results: The tempo of bone aging was accelerated in untreated girls (≈16% faster vs. chronological aging) and normal in metformin-treated girls (≈20% slower vs. untreated girls). Metformin-treated girls gained more height per bone-age year and had less visceral and hepatic fat. The tempo of bone maturation was associated (R = 0.55; p < 0.001) with hepatic fat. Conclusion: Metformin treatment in rapidly maturing girls with central adiposity normalized bone maturation. This normalization was accompanied by less central fat and was related closely to hepatic fat. ER  - 
Relationship of Serum Fetuin A with Metabolic and Clinical Parameters in German Children and Adolescents with Type 1 Diabetes; Background and Aim: The hepatokine fetuin A is upregulated in the metabolic syndrome and in type 2 diabetes (T2D), while its role in adolescent type 1 diabetes (T1D) is unclear. We assessed the relationship between circulating fetuin A levels and metabolic control, comorbidities, and complications in adolescent T1D patients. Methods: We studied the relationship between serum fetuin A and clinical diabetes-related data from the DPV registry (Diabetes-Pa-tienten-Verlaufsdokumentation) in 172 adolescent T1D patients with early-onset (<5 years) long-standing (>10 years) T1D. Fetuin A levels were further compared between adolescent T1D and T2D patients. Results: Serum fetuin A levels in T1D patients (mean 0.267 ± 0.043 g/L) did not correlate with age, diabetes duration, gender, body mass index (BMI), glycated hemoglobin, serum lipid levels, blood pressure, celiac or thyroid disease, nephropathy, or retinopathy. An association of fetuin A levels with insulin requirements was only evident within the subgroup of overweight T1D patients (rs = 0.439, p = 0.028, n = 25, BMI >90th percentile), disappearing after adjustment for multiple testing. Adolescent T1D patients showed distinctly lower fetuin A levels than patients with T2D (p ≤ 0.001). Conclusion: Overall, we did not observe a clinically relevant association of fetuin A levels with surrogate parameters for insulin sensitivity in our juvenile T1D cohort. A correlation with insulin requirements was detectable in overweight patients only. We hypothesize that multiple factors, such as obesity, puberty, inadequate metabolic control, and hepatic steatosis, have to add up before a clinically relevant effect of fetuin A on insulin sensitivity becomes evident. ER  - 
Triglycerides/High density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio as a cardiometabolic risk marker in children and adolescents from Mérida city, Venezuela; Objective: To determine the behavior of the triglycerides/HDL-cholesterol ratio (TG/HDL) as a cardiometabolic risk marker in children and adolescents from Mérida, Venezuela. Methods: A total of 1292 children and adolescents aged 7-18 years who attended educational institutions in the Libertador Municipality were enrolled into this study. Anthropometric measurements and blood pressure values were recorded. Fasting blood glucose, insulin and lipid levels were measured. The TG/HDL ratio, HOMA-IR, and QUICKI indexes were calculated. Subjects were categorized as with and without cardiometabolic risk based on the presence or absence of 2 or more risk factors. Cut-off points for the TG/HDL ratio were determined by constructing ROC curves. Results: Significantly higher mean TG/HDL ratios were found in pubertal (2.2 ± 1.7) as compared to prepubertal subjects (1.8 ± 1.5; P=.001), with no sex differences. Two or more risk factors were found in 14.7% (n=192) of the participants, in whom TG/HDL ratios were significantly higher as compared to those with no risk (3.5±2.9 versus 1.6±0.8 in prepubertal and 4.1 ± 3.5 versus 1.8 ± 0.9 in pubertal subjects; P=.0001). According to cardiometabolic risk, cut-off points for the TG/HDL ratio of 1.8 and 2.5 were found for prepubertal and pubertal children respectively. These cut-off points showed risks (odds ratio) higher than 2.5 for conditions such as metabolic syndrome, elevated non-HDL-C, abdominal obesity, and elevated HOMA-IR. Conclusion: In this sample of children and adolescents, an elevated TG/HDLc ratio was found to be a good marker for predicting cardiometabolic risk. ER  - 
Endocrine and Metabolic Disturbances in Survivors of Hematopoietic Stem Cell Transplantation in Childhood and Adolescence; Background/Aims: The objective was to evaluate endocrine complications in survivors of hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) performed during childhood. Methods: Endocrine dysfunction and metabolic syndrome parameters were assessed by chart review of 178 childhood HSCT survivors (median age at evaluation, 15.5 [range: 3.8-29.8] years; median follow-up, 8.5 [range: 2-23.4] years). Results: The following statistically significant associations were identified (p < 0.05 for all): growth hormone deficiency (17.4%) was associated with cranial/craniospinal irradiation, total body irradiation (TBI), allogeneic HSCT, and longer follow-up. Short adult stature (23.3% of patients who had attained adult height) was associated with cranial/craniospinal irradiation and, in females, with younger age at HSCT. Primary gonadal failure was more prevalent in females (52.6 vs. 24.1%), and was associated with TBI in males and with a primary diagnosis of hematological malignancy in females. Hypothyroidism (25.2%) was associated with previous neck/mediastinal irradiation. Metabolic disturbances included obesity (3.9%), type 2 diabetes (2.2%), impaired glucose tolerance (2.8%), and dyslipidemia (18.5%). Dyslipidemia was associated with a primary diagnosis of hematological malignancy, TBI, and a positive family history of dyslipidemia. Endocrine dysfunction was less frequent in patients who had received fludarabine. Conclusions: Patients after HSCT require long-term surveillance for the detection of endocrine and metabolic disorders. Nonmyeloablative conditioning regimens may reduce the incidence of these complications. ER  - 
Examining pre-operative comorbidities and weight loss in adolescent bariatric surgery; Purpose: Over the past thirty years, rates of adolescent obesity and severe obesity have increased significantly along with metabolic comorbidities once isolated to adults. Obesity treatment through diet and exercise is often unsuccessful, particularly in older adolescents and those with severe obesity. Surgical weight loss is becoming a more commonly accepted treatment in adolescents as safety and efficacy data are growing. Methods: Our adolescent bariatric clinic sees patients ages 12 to 21 years within a well-established adult bariatric center. Surgical candidates are limited to post-pubertal adolescents age 16 years and older with BMI ≥ 35 with severe comorbidities or BMI ≥ 40. Prior to being considered for surgery, patients must attend at least 6 once-monthly appointments with an interdisciplinary team comprised of an adolescent medicine physician, psychologist, dietician, and exercise physiologist. Appointments focus on medical weight loss, work-up and treatment of comorbidities, extensive nutrition and exercise education, comprehensive psychological evaluation, assessment of family support, and evaluation of comprehension and commitment. IRB approval was obtained for data collection, descriptive statistics and ANOVA analysis were performed using SPSS. Results: From April, 2015 to August, 2016,25 adolescent patients were seen, 20 females and 5 males, with a mean age of 16.64 (SD 1.50) at initial visit. Comorbidities included: obstructive sleep apnea (.36), PCOS (.36), vitamin D deficiency (.32), hyperlipidemia (.28), pre-diabetes (.24), pre-hypertension (.20), diabetes (.08), hypertension (.04), and NAFLD (.04). Eleven adolescents (.44) self-reported current or past depression, with 5 (.20) self-reporting thoughts of self-harm/suicidal ideation in the past. Mean initial BMI was 51.15 (SD 11.09), mean change in BMI at the end of 6 visits was-.5614 kg/m2. Seven patients completed at least 6 visits, and 3 underwent laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy. One month after sleeve gastrectomy, there was a decreased BMI of 6.45 kg/m2 in the two patients seen for follow-up. ANOVA analysis was used to compare BMI change after one visit, BMI change after 6 pre-operative visits, and vitamin D levels by BMI group: 35 ≤ Group A < 40; 40 ≤ Group B < 45; 45 ≤ Group C < 50; Group D ≥ 50; Group E ≥ 60. After initial visit, Group A's BMI decreased most, with Group E demonstrating the highest BMI increase, without statistical significance (p =.351). After six visits, Group C demonstrated the greatest BMI reduction and Group E demonstrated the highest BMI increase (p =.858). Groups A, B, and E were vitamin D deficient (<20 ng/dL). There was a statistically significant difference between the BMI groups for vitamin D levels (p =.038). Conclusions: In our population of severely obese adolescents, medical and psychological comorbidities are common, and medical weight loss is difficult to achieve especially for those with the highest BMIs. Limiting factors include small sample size and poor adherence to appointments with loss to follow-up. Data from the past year is being collected currently for analysis and includes more completed surgeries with promising post-operative weight loss. We hope to continue working on improving adherence and collecting data to expand our knowledge of adolescent bariatric surgery outcomes, including which patients would benefit most from surgery. Sources of Support: None. ER  - 
Age at Menarche and Incidence of Diabetes: A Prospective Study of 300,000 Women in China; Previous studies of predominantly Western populations have reported inconsistent associations between age at menarche and risk of diabetes. We examined this relationship among Chinese women, who generally experience menarche at a later age than Western women. In 2004-2008, China Kadoorie Biobank recruited 302,632 women aged 30-79 years from 10 areas across China, and recorded 5,391 incident cases of diabetes during 7 years of follow-up among 270,345 women without baseline diabetes, cardiovascular disease or cancer. Cox regression models yielded adjusted hazard ratios for incident diabetes associated with age at menarche. Overall, the mean age at menarche was 15.4 years, and decreased across successive generations. Age at menarche was linearly and inversely associated with incident diabetes, with adjusted hazard ratio of 0.96 (95% confidence interval (CI): 0.94, 0.97) per year delay. Hazard ratios were greater in younger generations (for women born in the 1960s-1970s, hazard ratio (HR) = 0.93, 95% CI: 0.90, 0.97; for women born in the 1950s, HR = 0.95, 95% CI: 0.93, 0.98; and for women born in the 1920s-1940s, HR = 0.97, 95% CI: 0.95, 0.99). Further adjustment for adulthood body mass index significantly attenuated the association (HR = 0.99, 95% CI: 0.97, 1.00), especially among those born before 1950 (HR = 1.00, 95% CI: 0.97, 1.02). Much of the inverse association between age at menarche and incident diabetes was mediated through increased adiposity associated with early menarche, especially in older generations. ER  - 
Insulin resistance and lung function in obese asthmatic pre-pubertal children; Recent findings have supposed that the underlying association between the increased prevalence of both asthma and obesity may be insulin resistance (IR). Insulin and glucose serum levels were analyzed to calculate the homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) for IR in 98 pre-pubertal children. Lung function and allergy status evaluation were performed. The study population was divided into four groups: (1) obese asthmatic children (ObA); (2) normal-weight asthmatic children (NwA); (3) normal-weight non-asthmatic children (Nw) and (4) obese non-asthmatic children (Ob). Forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1) was slightly lower in obese subjects compared with normal-weight subjects and forced vital capacity (FVC) appeared lower in asthmatics, whereas between non-asthmatics subjects, it was lower in the obese group than in the normal-weight one. The post hoc analysis revealed a statistically significant reduction in FEV1, peak expiratory flow (PEF), forced expiratory flows (FEF) between 50% and 25% of the FVC (FEF50 and FEF25) between ObA and Nw and in FEV1, FVC, PEF, FEF50 and FEF25 between NwA and Nw, but no statistically significant differences of lung function parameters were observed between ObA and NwA. We found an inverse relationship between HOMA-IR and all spirometric parameters, although without any statistical significance. We also observed a significantly lower FVC in insulin-resistant children (HOMA-IR>95th percentile) (p=0.03). This study suggests that lung function could be early altered in obese children, already in pre-pubertal age. Although IR should not manifest its effects on lungs in pre-pubertal obese children, the prevention or treatment of obesity in the pre-pubertal period may prevent definitive negative effects on lungs. ER  - 
Birth weight and body mass index z-score in childhood brain tumors: A cross-sectional study; Children with brain tumors (CBT) are at higher risk of cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes compared to the general population, in which birth weight is a risk factor for these diseases. However, this is not known in CBT. The primary aim of this study was to explore the association between birth weight and body mass measures in CBT, compared to non-cancer controls. This is a secondary data analysis using cross-sectional data from the CanDECIDE study (n = 78 CBT and n = 133 non-cancer controls). Age, sex, and birth weight (grams) were self-reported, and confirmed through examination of the medical records. Body mass index (BMI) was calculated from height and weight measures and reported as kg/m2. BMI z-scores were obtained for subjects under the age of 20 years. Multivariable linear regression was used to evaluate the relationship between birth weight and BMI and BMI z-score, adjusted for age, sex, puberty, and fat mass percentage. Higher birth weight was associated with higher BMI and BMI z-score among CBT and controls. In conclusion, birth weight is a risk factor for higher body mass during childhood in CBT, and this may help the identification of children at risk of future obesity and cardiometabolic risk. ER  - 
Consensus Clustering of temporal profiles for the identification of metabolic markers of pre-diabetes in childhood (EarlyBird 73); In longitudinal clinical studies, methodologies available for the analysis of multivariate data with multivariate methods are relatively limited. Here, we present Consensus Clustering (CClust) a new computational method based on clustering of time profiles and posterior identification of correlation between clusters and predictors. Subjects are first clustered in groups according to a response variable temporal profile, using a robust consensus-based strategy. To discover which of the remaining variables are associated with the resulting groups, a non-parametric hypothesis test is performed between groups at every time point, and then the results are aggregated according to the Fisher method. Our approach is tested through its application to the EarlyBird cohort database, which contains temporal variations of clinical, metabolic, and anthropometric profiles in a population of 150 children followed-up annually from age 5 to age 16. Our results show that our consensus-based method is able to overcome the problem of the approach-dependent results produced by current clustering algorithms, producing groups defined according to Insulin Resistance (IR) and biological age (Tanner Score). Moreover, it provides meaningful biological results confirmed by hypothesis testing with most of the main clinical variables. These results position CClust as a valid alternative for the analysis of multivariate longitudinal data. ER  - 
DCC/NTN1 complex mutations in patients with congenital hypogonadotropic hypogonadism impair GnRH neuron development; Congenital hypogonadotropic hypogonadism(CHH) is a rare genetic disease characterized by absent puberty and infertility due to GnRH deficiency, and is often associated with anosmia [Kallmann syndrome (KS)]. The genetic etiology of CHH is heterogeneous, andmore than 30 genes have been implicated in approximately 50% of patients with CHH.We hypothesized that genes encoding axon-guidance proteins containing fibronectin type-III (FN3) domains (similar to ANOS1, the first gene associated with KS), aremutated in CHH.We performed whole-exome sequencing in a cohort of 133 CHH probands to test this hypothesis, and identified rare sequence variants (RSVs) in genes encoding for the FN3-domain encoding protein deleted in colorectal cancer (DCC) and its ligand Netrin-1 (NTN1). In vitro studies of these RSVs revealed altered intracellular signaling associated with defects in cellmorphology, and confirmed five heterozygous DCCmutations in 6 probands-5 of which presented as KS. Two KS probands carry heterozygousmutations in both DCC and NTN1 consistent with oligogenic inheritance. Further, we show that Netrin-1 promotesmigration in immortalized GnRH neurons (GN11 cells). This study implicates DCC and NTN1 mutations in the pathophysiology of CHH consistent with the role of these two genes in the ontogeny of GnRH neurons inmice. ER  - 
Faster ticking rate of the epigenetic clock is associated with faster pubertal development in girls; Epigenetic age is an indicator of biological aging, capturing the impact of environmental and behavioral influences across time on cellular function. Deviance between epigenetic age and chronological age (AgeAccel) is a predictor of health. Pubertal timing has similarly been associated with cancer risk and mortality rate among females. We examined the association between AgeAccel and pubertal timing and adolescent breast composition in the longitudinal Growth and Obesity Cohort Study. AgeAccel was estimated in whole blood using the Horvath method at breast Tanner 2 (B2) and 4 (B4). Total breast volume, absolute fibro-glandular volume (FGV), and %FGV were evaluated at B4 using dual X-ray absorptiometry. The impact of AgeAccel (mean: 0; SD: 3.78) across puberty on the time to breast development (thelarche), menarche, and pubertal tempo (thelarche to menarche) was estimated using accelerated failure time models; generalized estimating equations were used to evaluate associations with breast density. A five-year increase in average adolescent AgeAccel was associated with a significant decrease in time to menarche [hazard ratio (HR): 1.37; 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.04, 1.80] adjusting for birth weight, maternal pre-pregnancy body mass index, maternal height, maternal education, B2 height, fat percentage, and cell composition. AgeAccel displayed a stronger inverse association with pubertal tempo (HR: 1.48; 95% CI: 1.10, 1.99). A five-year increase in AgeAccel was associated with 5% greater %FGV, adjusting for B4 percent body fat, and maternal traits (95% CI: 1.01, 1.10). Our study provides unique insight into the influence of AgeAccel on pubertal development in girls, which may have implications for adult health. ER  - 
Serum beta-human chorionic gonadotropin and lipid profile in early second trimester as predictor of pregnancy-induced hypertension; Objective: The study aims at testing the hypothesis that women with high serum beta-human chorionic gonadotropin (β-hCG) and serum lipid profile levels in early second trimester have risk of developing pregnancy-induced hypertension and poor maternal and neonatal outcome. Materials and methods: Serum β-hCG and lipid profile was done in 400 antenatal women between 12 and 24 weeks of gestation and were followed up till delivery. Assessment of serum β-hCG and serum lipids and their predictability for development of pregnancy-induced hypertension and its effect on maternal and fetal outcome were noted. Results: Women with high serum β-hCG levels at 12 to 24 weeks of gestation have 1.67 times more risk of developing pregnancy-induced hypertension (p = 0.035), and poor maternal and perinatal outcome. Raised total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TGs), low-density lipoprotein (LDL), very low-density lipoprotein (VLDL), TC/high-density lipoprotein (HDL) and LDL/HDL are important risk factors for development of pregnancy-induced hypertension. The mean TC level in women with pregnancy-induced hypertension was 210.1304 ± 50.7392 as compared with 178.0908 ± 47.0994 in normotensive women. The difference in levels of TC (p < 0.001), TG (p = 0.0037), LDL (p < 0.001), VLDL (p = 0.0193), TC/HDL (p < 0.001), and LDL/HDL (p < 0.001) in both the groups was statistically highly significant. Conclusion: Maternal dyslipidemia and elevated maternal serum β-hCG at early second trimester are very good non-invasive predictors of pregnancy-induced hypertension. The maternal and perinatal outcome was directly proportional to levels of serum β-hCG and lipid profile. ER  - 
Vascular Parkinsonism in a Tertiary Care Stroke Prevention Clinic and the Development of a New Screening Strategy; Objectives: To determine the prevalence of vascular parkinsonism (VasP) in a stroke prevention clinic (SPC). Background: VasP can be defined by an onset of parkinsonism with prominent gait problems occurring within 1 year of stroke. Methods: We created a screening strategy based on the Tanner Questionnaire (TQ), a validated scale for parkinsonism, and the creation of a 4-point Five-Minute Assessment Scale (FMAS) operationalizing Zijlmans' criteria for the diagnosis of VasP. Consecutive stroke patients were screened over a 12-month period using the TQ and the FMAS. SAS statistical software was used. Results: Two hundred forty patients (52.5% females) were screened (mean age of 65 years, standard deviation, 14.5). Twenty-five percent of patients had a TQ score ≥ 4 with a median FMAS of 2. In this group, 32.6% (15/46) were found to have parkinsonism. Seventeen percent (8/46) were diagnosed with VasP having an FMAS of 4. Seventy-five of the participants obtained a TQ ≤ 3, with a median FMAS of 1. Only 1 patient in this group had parkinsonism (1.9%; 1/194). Using a cutoff of 4 points in the TQ resulted in a sensitivity of 93.8%, a specificity of 86.2% for parkinsonism, and a sensitivity of 100% with a specificity of 83% for VasP. Patients with FMAS = 4 (VasP) attained higher scores in the TQ with a median of 5 (Spearman rank correlation coefficient for the TQ and the FMAS (rs) =.447, P <.0005). Conclusions: We documented a prevalence of 3% (8/240) for VasP in an SPC. We propose a new, easier, and unified 2-step TQ-FMAS screening strategy for this condition. ER  - 
Obesity and abnormal glucose tolerance in offspring of diabetic mothers: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Background Rising prevalence of childhood obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is an emerging public health issue. Objectives To investigate the association of maternal hyperglycemia exposure during pregnancy with obesity and abnormal glucose tolerance in offspring, and the age at occurrence. Methods We searched MEDLINE and EMBASE for observational studies on obesity and diabetes in offspring of diabetic mothers (gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) and T2DM), and those on non-diabetic mothers. We performed fixed effect meta-analysis for all studies except when heterogeneity was detected. The quality of studies was evaluated using the Risk of Bias Assessment Tool for Nonrandomized Studies (RoBANS) Results Twenty observational studies were included involving a total of 26,509 children. Offspring of GDM mother had higher BMI z-score in childhood (pooled MD: 0.14, 95%CI: 0.04–0.24, seven studies, 21,691children, low quality of evidence). Offspring of T1DM mothers had higher BMI z-score from prepubertal to adolescent (pooled MD: 0.35, 95% CI: 0.13–0.58, three studies, 844 children, low quality of evidence) compared with control. After adjustment for maternal pre-pregnancy BMI, this association remained in offspring of T1DM, but disappeared in those of GDM mothers. Offspring of GDM mother had higher 2-hour plasma glucose from prepubertal to early adulthood (pooled MD: 0.43 mmol/L, 95% CI: 0.18–0.69, five studies, 890 children), while those of T1DM mothers had higher rate of T2DM in 2–5 years old to early adulthood (pooled odds ratio [OR], 6.10: 95% CI: 1.23–30.37, two studies, 448 children, very low quality of evidence) compared with control. As there was only one study with offspring of T2DM mothers, evidence is sparse. Limitations Only observational studies were included, with a few adequately adjusted for covariables. Conclusions Exposure to maternal hyperglycemia was associated with offspring obesity and abnormal glucose tolerance especially in offspring of T1DM mothers, but the evidence relies on observational studies with low quality of evidence only. ER  - 
Mutations in C-natriuretic peptide (NPPC): A novel cause of autosomal dominant short stature; PurposeC-type natriuretic peptide (CNP) and its principal receptor, natriuretic peptide receptor B (NPR-B), have been shown to be important in skeletal development. CNP and NPR-B are encoded by natriuretic peptide precursor-C (NPPC) and natriuretic peptide receptor 2 (NPR2) genes, respectively. While NPR2 mutations have been described in patients with skeletal dysplasias and idiopathic short stature (ISS), and several Npr2 and Nppc skeletal dysplasia mouse models exist, no mutations in NPPC have been described in patients to date.MethodsNPPC was screened in 668 patients (357 with disproportionate short stature and 311 with autosomal dominant ISS) and 29 additional ISS families in an ongoing whole-exome sequencing study.ResultsTwo heterozygous NPPC mutations, located in the highly conserved CNP ring, were identified. Both showed significant reductions in cyclic guanosine monophosphate synthesis, confirming their pathogenicity. Interestingly, one has been previously linked to skeletal abnormalities in the spontaneous Nppc mouse long-bone abnormality (lbab) mutant.ConclusionsOur results demonstrate, for the first time, that NPPC mutations cause autosomal dominant short stature in humans. The NPPC mutations cosegregated with a short stature and small hands phenotype. A CNP analog, which is currently in clinical trials for the treatment of achondroplasia, seems a promising therapeutic approach, since it directly replaces the defective protein. ER  - 
Adolescent cohorts assessing growth, cardiovascular and cognitive outcomes in low and middle-income countries; Introduction Life-course studies are needed to explore how exposures during adolescence, particularly puberty, contribute to later cardiovascular risk and cognitive health in low and middle-income countries (LMIC), where 90% of the world’s young people live. The extent of any existing cohorts investigating these outcomes in LMIC has not previously been described. Methods We performed a systematic literature review to identify population cohort studies of adolescents in LMIC that assessed anthropometry and any of cardiovascular risk (blood pressure, physical activity, plasma glucose/lipid profile and substance misuse), puberty (age at menarche, Tanner staging, or other form of pubertal staging) or cognitive outcomes. Studies that recruited participants on the basis of a pre-existing condition or involved less than 500 young people were excluded. Findings 1829 studies were identified, and 24 cohorts fulfilled inclusion criteria based in Asia (10), Africa (6) and South / Central America (8). 14 (58%) of cohorts identified were based in one of four countries; India, Brazil, Vietnam or Ethiopia. Only 2 cohorts included a comprehensive cardiovascular assessment, tanner pubertal staging, and cognitive outcomes. Conclusion Improved utilisation of existing datasets and additional cohort studies of adolescents in LMIC that collect contemporaneous measures of growth, cognition, cardiovascular risk and pubertal development are needed to better understand how this period of the life course influences future non-communicable disease morbidity and cognitive outcomes. ER  - 
Pre-treatment growth and IGF-I deficiency as main predictors of response to growth hormone therapy in neural models; Mathematical models have been applied in prediction of growth hormone treatment effectiveness in children since the end of 1990s. Usually they were multiple linear regression models; however, there are also examples derived by empirical non-linear methods. Proposed solution consists in application of machine learning technique - artificial neural networks - to analyse this problem. This new methodology, contrary to previous ones, allows detection of both linear and non-linear dependencies without assuming their character a priori. The aims of this work included: development of models predicting separately growth during 1st year of treatment and final height as well as identification of important predictors and in-depth analysis of their influence on treatment’s effectiveness. The models were derived on the basis of clinical data of 272 patients treated for at least 1 year, 133 of whom have already attained final height. Starting from models containing 17 and 20 potential predictors, respectively for 1st year and final height model, we were able to reduce their number to 9 and 10. Basing on the final models, IGF-I concentration and earlier growth were indicated as belonging to most important predictors of response to GH therapy, while results of GH secretion tests were automatically excluded as insignificant. Moreover, majority of the dependencies were observed to be non-linear, thus using neural networks seems to be reasonable approach despite it being more complex than previously applied methods. ER  - 
Bisphenol A, phthalate metabolites and glucose homeostasis in healthy normal-weight children; Introduction: Bisphenol A and several of the most commonly used phthalates have been associated with adverse metabolic health effects such as obesity and diabetes. Therefore, we analyzed these man-made chemicals in first morning urine samples from 107 healthy normal-weight Danish children and adolescents. Method: This was a cross-sectional study. Participants were recruited as part of the Copenhagen Puberty Study. The subjects were evaluated by an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), a dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA) scan, direct oxygen uptake measurement during cycle ergometry and fasting blood samples. First morning urine was collected and phthalate metabolites and BPA were measured by liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) with prior enzymatic deconjugation. Individual chemical concentrations were divided into tertiles and analyzed in relation to biological outcome. Results: Children in the lowest tertile of urinary BPA had significantly higher peak insulin levels during OGTT (P = 0.01), lower insulin sensitivity index (P < 0.01), higher leptin (P = 0.03), triglyceride (P < 0.01) and total cholesterol levels (P = 0.04), lower aerobic fitness (P = 0.02) and a tendency toward higher fat mass index (P = 0.1) compared with children in the highest tertile for uBPA. No significant differences in anthropometrics, body composition or glucose metabolism were associated with any of the phthalate metabolites measured. Conclusion: This pilot study on healthy normal-weight children suggests an inverse association between BPA and insulin resistance. Our findings contrast other cross-sectional studies showing a positive association for BPA, which may be due to confounding or reverse causation because diet is an important source of both BPA exposure and obesity. ER  - 
Liver volume and hepatic adiposity in childhood: Relations to body growth and visceral fat; Background and objective:The sequence of prenatal growth restraint and postnatal catch-up growth may lead to hepato-visceral adiposity, insulin resistance and low-grade inflammation before the onset of puberty. In prepubertal children born appropriate for gestational age (AGA) or small for gestational age (SGA), we assessed potential relationships between the aforementioned sequence and liver volume.Subjects/Methods:The study population consisted of 86 children (41 AGA and 45 SGA with catch-up growth; age (mean±s.e.m.), 8.5±0.1 years), recruited into two prospective longitudinal studies. Anthropometry, endocrine-metabolic variables and inflammatory and hepatic markers were assessed, along with liver volume, hepatic adiposity and abdominal fat partitioning (by magnetic resonance imaging).Results:AGA and SGA children differed in hepato-visceral adiposity, but had similar liver volumes. Boys had larger livers than girls, and higher sex hormone binding globulin and inflammation markers. Liver volume correlated with height Z-score, body mass index Z-score, HOMA-IR (homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance) and with subcutaneous and visceral fat, but not with birth weight Z-score or with hepatic adiposity. Height, visceral fat, gender and HOMA-IR were major determinants of liver volume, together explaining 61% of its variance.Conclusions:The trajectory from prenatal restraint, via postnatal catch-up, to hepato-visceral adiposity and insulin resistance does not appear to be detectably influenced by prepubertal alterations of liver volume. Further follow-up will disclose the potential role of liver volume in the pubertal segment of this trajectory, and whether the augmented fat content and visceral adiposity in SGA subjects is followed by the development of metabolic syndrome and hepatic dysfunction in adulthood. ER  - 
Untargeted metabolomics identifies a plasma sphingolipid-related signature associated with lifestyle intervention in prepubertal children with obesity; Objective:Childhood obesity is a strong risk factor for adult obesity and metabolic diseases, including type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Early lifestyle intervention in children with obesity reduces future disease risk. The objective of this study is to identify metabolic signatures associated with lifestyle intervention in prepubertal children with obesity.Methods:Thirty-five prepubertal children (7-10 years) with obesity (body mass index (BMI)>2 standard deviations) were enrolled in the study and participated in a 6-month-long lifestyle intervention program. Physiological and biochemical data and blood samples were collected both at baseline and after the intervention. A liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry (LC-MS)-based metabolomics approach was applied to obtain a comprehensive profiling of plasma samples, identifying 2581 distinct metabolite. Principal component analysis (PCA) was performed to consolidate all features into 8 principal components. Associations between metabolites and physiological and biochemical variables were investigated.Results:The intervention program significantly decreased mean (95% CI) BMI standard deviation score from 3.56 (3.29-3.84) to 3.11 (2.88-3.34) (P<0.001). PCA identified one component (PC1) significantly altered by the intervention (Bonferroni adjusted P=0.008). A sphingolipid metabolism-related signature was identified as the major contributor to PC1. Sphingolipid metabolites were decreased by the intervention, and included multiple sphingomyelin, ceramide, glycosylsphingosine and sulfatide species. Changes in several sphingolipid metabolites were associated with intervention-induced improvements in HbA1c levels.Conclusions:Decreased circulating sphingolipid-related metabolites were associated with lifestyle intervention in prepubertal children with obesity, and correlated to improvements in HbA1c. ER  - 
Intragastric balloon as an adjunct to lifestyle programme in severely obese adolescents: Impact on biomedical outcomes and skeletal health; Intragastric Balloons are a temporary, reversible and safer option compared to bariatric surgery to promote significant weight loss, leading to improved metabolic outcomes. However, due to subsequent weight regain, alternative procedures are now preferred in adults. In adolescents, more amenable to lifestyle change, balloons may be an alternative to less reversible procedures. Our aim was to assess the tolerability and efficacy of the intragastric balloon in severely obese adolescents and the impact of associated weight loss on biomedical outcomes (glucose metabolism, blood pressure, lipid profiles) and bone density. A 2-year cohort study of 12 adolescents (BMI >3.5 s.d., Tanner stage >4) following 6 months intragastric balloon placement was carried out. Subjects underwent anthropometry, oral glucose tolerance test, and DEXA scans at 0, 6 and 24 months. The results showed clinically relevant improvements in blood pressure, insulin: Glucose metabolism, liver function and sleep apnoea at 6 months. Changes were not sustained at 2 years though some parameters (Diastolic BP, HBA1c, insulin AUC) demonstrated longer-term improvement despite weight regain. Despite weight loss, bone mass accrual showed age appropriate increases. In conclusion, the intragastric balloon was safe, well tolerated and effective in supporting short-term weight loss and clinically relevant improvement in obesity-related complications, which resolved in some individuals. Benefits were not sustained in the majority at 2 years. ER  - 
Irisin is a biomarker for metabolic syndrome in prepubertal children; The aim of the present study was to evaluate the association of irisin with obesity and metabolic syndrome (MetS) in Korean prepubertal children. A total of 96 children and adolescents aged 6 to 10 years (56 males) were included in this study. Subjects were divided into 3 groups: normal weight (n = 54), overweight (n = 16), and obese (n = 26). In the subgroup analyses, overweight/obese children were further divided based on their MetS status (with MetS vs. without MetS). Children with obesity tended to exhibit a lower mean irisin concentration compared to those with normal weight (p = 0.028). Using Pearson’s correlation coefficient to compare all the children in the study, there was a significant inverse correlation between irisin and body mass index (BMI) standard deviation scores (SDS) (r = –0.210, p = 0.041), waist circumference SDS (r = –0.203, p = 0.049), and glucose (r = –0.296, p = 0.004). In the subgroup analyses of overweight/obese children, irisin exhibited a significant inverse correlation with glucose (r = –0.507, p = 0.001) and triglycerides (r = –0.331, p = 0.033). Children with MetS exhibited lower irisin concentrations than those without MetS (14.70 ng/mL vs. 22.02 ng/mL, p = 0.001), and these associations were significant after adjusting for age, gender, and BMI SDS (14.51 ng/mL vs. 22.06 ng/mL, p = 0.002). The irisin level of 15.43 ng/mL was determined to be a possible cutoff to distinguish children with metabolic syndrome from overweight/obese children, with a sensitivity of 75% and a specificity of 94% (p < 0.001). Our results suggest that decreased irisin levels may be associated with MetS in prepubertal children and that irisin might be a biomarker for MetS in prepubertal children. ER  - 
The branched-chain amino acid valine is higher and relates to insulin sensitivity in polycystic ovary syndrome; Purpose of study Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome (PCOS) affects 6%-10% of women and is associated with the metabolic syndrome, specifically insulin resistance (IR). The mechanism of IR in PCOS is unclear, likely multifactorial, and may relate to branched-chain amino acids (BCAA): valine, isoleucine, and leucine. We quantitated the differences in BCAA fasting and in response to hyperinsulinemia in obese youth with and without PCOS, and assessed the relationship to IR. Methods used Obese girls with PCOS [n=15, age 14.5±1.6 years, BMI percentile 98.5±1.0] and obese girls without PCOS [n=6; age 13.2±1.2 years, BMI percentile 98.0±1.1] were studied. Insulin sensitivity was assessed with a hyperinsulinemic- euglycemic clamp and a 2 hour 75 g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). Baseline biochemical measurements including haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), complete blood count (CBC), liver function, lipid and testosterone panel were also obtained. Nontargeted metabolomics were performed in samples obtained before and after the OGTT and the clamp. Group comparisons were done with t-tests and Spearman's correlations. Summary of results Both groups had similar demographic and physical attributes including age, BMI percentile, age of menarche, habitual physical activity, and diet. Girls with and without PCOS had similar baseline labs including HbA1c, CBC, liver function and lipid panel, apart from elevations of testosterone and anti-mullerian hormone in the PCOS group, as expected. Girls with PCOS had higher fasting valine (2.1 × 106±2.5 × 105 relative abundance controls vs 3.0 × 106±5.0 × 105 PCOS; p=0.003) and following both the OGTT (1.9 × 106±5.1 × 105 vs 2.4 × 106±3.9 × 105; p=0.033) and the clamp (1.8 × 106±3.6 × 105 vs 2.2 × 106±2.2 × 105; p=0.007). End clamp and OGTT valine significantly correlated with clamp assessed IR (r=-0.59, p=0.006, and r=-0.50, p=0.045, respectively). Conclusions Obese girls with PCOS have elevated BCAA, specifically valine, fasted and in response to hyperinsulinemia, which relates to IR. Further work is needed to determine if BCAA are a modifiable target to improve insulin sensitivity or simply a useful biomarker. ER  - 
Type 1 diabetes and bone microarchitecture assessment with trabecular bone score (TBS): A descriptive study; Introduction: Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus (T1DM) is associated with increased risk of fragility fracture (FF), which is in excess of what is expected based on bone mineral density (BMD) alone. Impairment in bone quality may contribute to this excess risk.Trabecular bone score (TBS), a tool to assess bone quality at the lumbar spine (LS), has been shown to predict fracture risk independent of BMD. There are limited studies exploring TBS in T1DM. Objective: To examine TBS in a cohort of adults with T1DM in relation to BMD, clinical parameters and fracture history. Methods: T1DM patients were prospectively recruited from the Endocrine clinic at Women's College Hospital from April to October 2015 for BMD testing with TBS. Clinical parameters and fracture history were obtained from survey and chart review. Patients on bone-sparing drugs or steroids were excluded. Descriptive statistics, correlation coefficients, multivariate linear and logistic regression models were used to determine associations between clinical variables, BMD, TBS and FF. Results: 43 patients with T1DM participated in the study. Average age was 34.9 years, 70% female, 88% Caucasian. 44% were diagnosed with T1DM prior to puberty and average duration of T1DM was 16.7 years. Diabetes complications were uncommon; 1 had macrovascular disease, 26% had at least 1 microvascular complication.Average HbA1C was 8.2%.Almost half had history of fracture; of these, 33% were FF's.Average BMD was 1.17 g/cm2 at LS, 0.94 g/cm2 at femoral neck (FN), 0.97g/cm2 at total hip (TH).Average TBS was 1.47 (SD 0.10).TBS correlated moderately with BMD; LS 0.41 (p = 0.006), FN 0.492 (p = 0.001),TH 0.472 (p = 0.002).TBS did not correlate with age, gender, HbA1C, pre-pubertal DM onset, or duration of T1DM. BMI was the only variable that appeared to influence TBS.There was an inverse association between TBS and any microvascular complication, however this lacked statistical significance. The odds of FF increased with older age (OR 1.077, p = 0.014) and decreased with higher BMD at the hip sites (OR 0.001, p = 0.029 at FN; OR 0.002, p = 0.036 at TH). TBS did not predict FF. Conclusion: TBS correlated with BMD at all sites and appears to be influenced by BMI, however there was no significant relationship between TBS, diabetes parameters and FF in this study cohort of young adults with T1DM. A larger study in older patients with longer duration of T1DM is required to better assess the utility of TBS in this patient population. ER  - 
Association of age at menarche with left ventricular diastolic dysfunction in middle-aged women; Background: There is sparse research on whether if early menarche is related to left ventricular (LV) diastolic dysfunction. The present study examined this relationship in Korean women. Methods and Results: In a cross-sectional study we analyzed the records of 18,910 Korean women (≥30 years) who underwent echocardiography as part of a comprehensive health examination. Age at menarche was assessed using standardized, self-administered questionnaires. Presence of LV diastolic dysfunction was determined from the echocardiographic findings. Of the 18,910 women, 3,449 had LV diastolic dysfunction. Age at menarche was inversely associated with prevalence of LV diastolic dysfunction. In a multivariable-adjusted model, odds ratios (95% confidence interval) for LV diastolic dysfunction comparing menarche age to menarche at 15–18 years were 1.77 (1.38–2.27) for <12 years, 1.31 (1.11–1.54) for 12 years, 1.26 (1.11–1.43) for 13 years, and 1.03 (0.91–1.15) for 14 years (P for trend <0.001). Adjusting for body mass index or percent fat mass partially reduced these associations. Conclusions: This large study found an inverse relationship between menarche age and LV diastolic dysfunction. Future prospective studies are needed to investigate potential causal relationships. ER  - 
Disconnection vs excision? a ten year review of hypothalamic hamartomas; OBJECTIVE: Hypothalamic hamartomas (HH) are rare tumors of childhood. They are usually associated with gelastic seizures. The optimal management of these tumors lacks a consensus. We present our experience with hypothalamic hamartomas over a ten year period. METHODS: This study presents a retrospective review of 16 patients with HH's treated between 2002 and 2012 at the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS), New Delhi, India, a tertiary care neurosurgical centre. RESULTS: There were 16 patients with an age ranging from 1.5 years to 20 years and included 9 males and 7 females. The most common symptom was seizures (81%; gelastic seizures-62.5%) followed by precocious puberty (56.2%). The median tumor volume was 5.9 cc (range 1.3 to 108 cc). Fourteen patients underwent surgery while two were managed conservatively. Three patients received secondary Gamma Knife therapy. A good seizure outcome (Engel class I and II) post surgery was seen in 8 (50%) patients. The median follow up period was 39 months (range 1 to 114 months). The odds ratio for a better seizure outcome was 2.5 times more in disconnection than for excision. The symptoms of precocious puberty had resolved in 7 of the 9 affected patients (78%). Transient diabetes insipidus was seen in one (6.2%) patient postoperatively while hyperphagia was noted in four (25%) patients. Hyperphagia persisted in all four patients until last follow up. CONCLUSIONS: HHs present with gelastic seizures or precocious puberty. Disconnection of the HH is more effective and a safer procedure vis-a-vis excision for controlling seizures. ER  - 
Association between Body Weight Change before and after Delivery and Development of Nonmetabolic Syndrome: A Prospective Study; The aim of the work was to investigate the association between body weight change before and after delivery and development of nonmetabolic syndrome in Chinese females aged ≥40 years. We selected 789 participants without metabolic syndrome randomly from a baseline survey performed in Luzhou, China in 2011. We took the group with decreasing or no increasing body mass index difference during a pregnancy as R-Body Mass Index 1 (n=286) and divided the group with increasing body mass index difference during a pregnancy into R-Body Mass Index 2 (n=254) and R-Body Mass Index 3 (n=249) based upon P50. All study participants were followed up every year, and a questionnaire, physical examination, and biochemical detection were administered after 3 years. Of 789 participants, 82 nonmetabolic syndrome women developed metabolic syndrome during 3-year follow-up. The morbidity of metabolic syndrome in the R-BMI1, R-BMI2, and R-BMI3 groups was 5.2%, 11.8%, and 14.9%, respectively. Compared to the R-BMI1 group, the relative risk for R-BMI2 was 1.92 (95% confidence interval: 1.03-3.58, p=0.040) and for R-BMI3 was 2.20 (95% confidence interval: 1.20-4.03, p=0.011). After adjusting for age, BMI, WHR, baseline blood glucose, HbA1c, TG, HDL-C, SBP, DBP, age of menarche and menopause, and delivery times, the relative risks were similar to the unadjusted relative risks. In conclusion, body weight change after delivery was associated with metabolic syndrome: the higher the weight gain, the higher the risk of metabolic syndrome. ER  - 
Evaluation of lipid profile in different stages of development among young people with type 1 diabetes; Introduction: As one of the most common endocrine disease and one of the most common chronic conditions in children and teenagers, type 1 diabetes (T1D) accounts for only about 5-10% of all cases of diabetes. Given the chronic nature of the disease, the atherosclerotic process starts very soon in life, even before it shows up in screening tests for micro or macrovascular complications. Puberty consists of a series of biologic transitions, and the sequence of changes in secondary sexual characteristics has been categorized by several groups. The physical measurements of development are based on external primary and secondary sex characteristics, such as the size of the breasts, genitals, testicular volume and development of pubic hair. Due to natural variation, individuals pass through the Tanner stages at different moments, being classified as children, adolescents and adults, depending justly on the timing of puberty (Fig. 1). Objectives: To determine serum levels of lipid, cholesterol, triglycerides in 3 different stages of maturity with T1D, when compared to data from non-diabetic ones with similar maturity levels. Methods: A case-control study was conducted on 21 T1D patients (5 prepubertal and 6 pubertal children; 10 adults) and 42 non-diabetic patients matched on age, sex, and body mass index (BMI) and pubertal stages according to Tanner's criteria. The lipid profile was determined and an Odds ratio (OR) was conducted with a confidence interval of 95% (95% CI), to establish a correlation between different lipid fractions and pubertal stages. A summary of the methodology is described in Table 1. Study Design-Case Control Study 21 patients with T1D 42 patients in the control group Clinical Features and Physical Examination Age Gender Body Mass Index (BMI) Pubertal Stages (Tanner's Criteria) Laboratory findings Total Cholesterol (TC) High Density Lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-c) Low Density Lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-c) Triglycerides (TG) Fig. 2: Table 1. Summary of the methodology. Results: The T1D prepubertal children showed a trend in cholesterol levels highest than those non-diabetic, however, this difference was not statistically significant (p = 0.08). Among individuals in the pubertal stages, T1D is associated with greater prevalence of dyslipidemia (71.4% vs. 21.8%, p < 0.03), with high total cholesterol levels (184.7 ± 37.6 vs. 143.8 ± 25.9 mg/dl, p = 0.01), LDL-c (123 ± 31.2 vs. 81.4 ± 21.3 mg/dl, p < 0.02) and triglycerides (168.3 ± 25.8 vs. 146.6 ± 21.4 mg/dl, p < 0.004) than those non-diabetics (Fig. 2: Table 2). In this study, no significantly differences were found for the entire adult population. Table 2. Summary of results T1D patients control group adolescents Dyslipidemia: 71.4% TC: 184.7 ± 37.6 mg/dl LDL-c:123 ± 31,2 mg/dl TG: 168.3 ± 25.8 mg/dl Adolescents Dyslipidemia: 21.8% TC: 143.8 ± 25.9 mg/dl LDL-c: 81.4 ± 21.3 mg/dl TG: 146.6 ± 21.4 mg/dl. Conclusion: Although search for primary and secondary causes have not been made for exclude them, our data suggests that an increasing prevalence of dyslipidemia among T1D pubertal individuals. Therefore, it is necessary systematic approaches on dyslipidemia screening in younger diabetics for preventing or delaying the development of future micro or macrovascular complications of the disease. (Table Presented). ER  - 
Personalized medicine in the prescription of continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion according to an age group in type 1 diabetes patients: Insulin carb ratio and sensitivity factors; Introduction: In recent years, the prescription of continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion (CSII) in type 1 diabetes (T1D), has increased significantly. However, few studies have evaluated the parameters for calculating the insulin and carbohydrate ratio, and sensitivity factors at the beginning or during adjustment of this therapy according to age in brazilian real-life eating patterns. Objective: To evaluate the insulin: carbohydrate ratio(ICR) and sensitivity factor (ISF) in different age T1D patients with CSII compared with the internationally proposed “500” and “1800” rules. Methods: We evaluated 85 patients divided into prepubertal (PPG: < 9 years, n: 20), pubertal (PG: 9 to 18 years, n: 30) and adults (AG: > 18 years, n: 35) with mean CSII time (3.8 ± 2.9 years). Mean age (years), BMI (kg/m2), total insulin dose (TID) (insulin/kg/day), basal and bolus %, ICR and ISF of rule to achieve ICR and ISF for each group. Results: The mean age, BMI and A1c were, respectively, PPG (6.2 ± 2.3 years, 17.6 ± 2.7 kg/m2 and 7.7 ± 2.1%,), PG (13.8 ± 3.2 years, 21.2 ± 3.6 kg/m2 and 8.8 ± 1.3%), AG (25.9 ± 5.2 years, 24.1 ± 3.4 kg/m2 and 8.0 ± 1.7%). The TID was in PPG (0.8 ± 0.1 U/kg/day); PG(1,1 ± 0,4u/kg/d) and AG (0,7 ± 0,2 u/kg/d (P = 0.0001), and the proportion of baseline was PPG (41.7 ± 7, p < 0.001) 4%); GP (45.1 ± 12.0%); AG (52.5 ± 13.6%); p = 0.000. The mean ICR in PPG was (15.9 ± 3.9 g); GP (11.0 ± 2.4 g); AG (10.9 ± 4.1 g) p = 0.000 and ISF was for PPG (100.2 ± 29.8 mg/dl); PG (49.3 ± 16 mg/dl) and AG (46.3 ± 13.3 g) p = 0.000. In the intragroup evaluation, ICR and SF were significantly lower in breakfast than in the other meals (p = 0.00). When compared to the delta (expected values for rule “500” and rule “1800”) in relation to the observed ones this was significant in PPG for both ICR and SF while in PG and AG only for FS. The rules that best fit the parameters of each group were for ICR: PPG (350), PG (540) AG (500) p = 0.00 and for SF: PPG (2100), PG (2350) and AG (2100) p = 0.000. Conclusion: This study demonstrated that the insulin dose suggested by “Rule 500” for ICR is underestimated (-20%) for children and the “Rule 1800” is overestimated for SF (+ 10%) in all age groups in our country. One suggestion would be to initiate SCII therapy with the rule of 400 for ICR in children and 500 for adolescents and adults and SF of 2000 for all age groups. The complementation of this study will be verifying the relation of these factors to reach the targets of good glycemic control in T1D patients of different age groups. ER  - 
Reproductive life of women with type 1 diabetes mellitus with and without hypothyroidism by Hashimoto's and idiopathic thyroiditis; Background: About 30% of women with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) develop autoimmune thyroiditis, the most common subtype being Hashimoto's thyroiditis (HT). It is known that women with T1DM have reduced fertility in relation to the general population. However, literature reports regarding the reproductive life and gynecological characteristics of women with T1DM are scarce and there is none comparing patients with type 1 diabetes with and without hypothyroidism. Methods: To determine gynecological and obstetric characteristics, infertility history in T1DM women and to compare subgroups with and without hypothyroidism, we evaluated 110 T1DM women, aged 18-50 years, of which 31 had hypothyroidism and of these 67.7% had HT. Infertility was defined as the absence of pregnancy in sexually active women having regular unprotected intercourse with a male partner for an exposure period of at least 12 months. The diagnosis of hypothyroidism was made through decreased serum free thyroxine and elevated thyroid stimulating hormone levels. Autoimmune hypothyroidism was defined when levels of anti-peroxidase or anti-thyroglobulin antibodies were elevated. All women signed the free and informed consent form and answered a questionnaire about gynecological and obstetric history. Their medical records were also reviewed. The University Research Ethics Committee approved the study (number 49956915.3.0000.5404). The Chi square test and Fisher's exact test were used to analyze categorical variables and numerical variables were analyzed with the Mann-Whitney test. The level of significance was 5%. Results: Women with hypothyroidism presented a longer time since diagnosis of T1DM (p = 0.02), higher body mass index (p = 0.03), required higher insulin dose (p = 0.01), and had more frequent family history of hypothyroidism (p = 0.02). Regarding the gynecological and obstetric characteristics, there was no significant difference between the groups without and with hypothyroidism for age of menarche, age of onset of sexual life, presence of irregular menstrual cycles or diagnosis of polycystic ovary syndrome. Mean of pregnancies were 1.3 and 1.4, live children were 0.9 and 1.0, respectively. Frequency of fetal losses were 27.8% and 19.4% (p = 0.36), preterm deliveries 30.4 and 48.4%, (p = 0.07), infertility 20.2 and 35.5% (p = 0.09), in the groups without and with hypothyroidism respectively. Conclusions: Hypothyroidism was associated with longer duration of T1DM, higher insulin doses and more frequent family history of thyroid dysfunction. Due to the low prevalence of T1DM and even less of T1DM with associated hypothyroidism, the number of women studied was a limiting factor for comparison between groups regarding gynecological and obstetric characteristics. Nonetheless, we observed a trend towards higher rates of infertility and premature births in women with T1DM and hypothyroidism (Fig. 1). (Table Persented). ER  - 
Critical evaluation of the food factor in a group of patients with type 1 diabetes of different age groups using continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion and inadequate glycemic control; Introduction: At present, insulin replacement with the continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion (CSII) is considered to be the therapeutic option closest to the physiological one for patients with type 1 diabetes (T1D) because it allows greater food flexibility and rapid corrections of hyperglycemia. However, a significant percentage of these patients remain outside the targets of good metabolic control (glycemia and lipids). One of the factors may be related to an inadequate distribution among the three main food groups. Objective: Evaluate the intake of carbohydrate, proteins and fats in relation to the standard diet in a group of patients with T1D of different age groups using CSII and inadequate glycemic control. Methods: 53 patients with T1D, using CSII, were divided into 3 groups (PPGpre-pubertal: < 9 years), (PG-pubertal: 10-18 years) and (AGadult: 19-35 years), BMI (kg/m2), CSII use time (years), A1c (%), total cholesterol (TC) and fractions, triglycerides (TG), and the relative percentage of carbohydrates, in relation to the standard diet. Results: A1c was similar between the 3 groups (PPG: 8.1 ± 0.5%, PG: 9.3 ± 1.3% and AG-8.2 ± 1.1%). Carbohydrate intake below recommended age showed an inverse relationship with age (PPG < 63%, PG < 93% and AG < 100% p = 0.00). However, the type of carbohydrate was inadequate, being above recommended in relation to processed juices at 100% (PPG), 66% (PG) and 25% (AG), fastfood at 21% (PPG), 46% (PG) and AG (66%) and in sweet 81% (PPG), 73% (PG) and 33% (AG). Protein (milk) intake was adequate in 80% (PPG) PG and 33% in AG, while fat intake was above 40% in the 3 groups studied. Alcohol was present in 1/4 PG and 62% AG, but in an adequate amount. The values of CT and TG were adequate in the 3 groups. Conclusion: Patients with T1D using CSII had a carbohydrate intake below the recommended level and with an inverse relationship to age, but with inadequate content. The amount of fat was above the expected and protein within the recommended. The study emphasizes the need for a better orientation of the type of carbohydrate and the amount of fat for T1D patients using CSII. These aspects should be considered during optimization of the results obtained with this high cost therapy for T1D patients. ER  - 
Clinical presentations, glycemic control, complications, and associated autoimmune diseases among children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes in the western region of Saudi Arabia; Objective: To study the correlation between initial presentation, metabolic control, long-term complication and the concomitant autoimmune diseases. In addition to exploring the various risk factors that can impact the glycemic control in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes (T1DM). Methods: A retrospective cross-sectional study was conducted on 461 patients including children and adolescents with T1DM, who were followed up at the pediatric clinic at King Abdul-Aziz University Hospital from January 2004 to December 2016. The medical records and laboratory findings in the hospital’s electronic system of all patients were reviewed. Collected data comprised of the primary disease presentation including hyperglycemic and diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA) symptoms, associated autoimmune diseases and consequent chronic complications. Results: The mean patient age was 10.4 ± 4.8 years. A total of 62.1% and 27.9% initially presented with hyperglycemia and DKA, respectively. Glycemic control did not significantly differ between the pubertal and the pre-pubertal groups, although the glycated hemoglobin A1c levels were higher in the pre-pubertal group (62.3%) than in the pubertal group (37.7%). Chronic complications were observed as follows: steatohepatitis (11.1%), microalbuminuria (11%), dyslipidemia (10.3%) and retinopathy (5.7%). Regarding the associated comorbidities, vitamin D deficiency was present in 58.9% of children and was significantly associated with gender (68.4% females and 51.9% males), whereas autoimmune thyroiditis and celiac disease were present in 20% and 8.2% of children, respectively. Conclusion: Pre-pubertal children exhibited less glycemic control as compared to adolescents. The most common presentation at diagnosis included signs of hyperglycemia rather than those of DKA. The co-morbidities showed a significant relationship with gender. Vitamin D deficiency is the most common associated medical condition in children with diabetes. ER  - 
Interleukin 2 receptor alfa gene polymorphism in type 1 Egyptian diabetics; Background: Genetic susceptibility has a crucial role in the development of type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM). Several genes were found to be involved; one of the most important genes is interleukin 2 receptor α (IL2RA) gene which was found to be associated with T1DM in several countries. Objective: Investigating the potential association of T1DM, its age of onset, and its complications with IL2RA receptor gene polymorphism in an Egyptian sample of type 1 diabetics. Methodology: A case control study was conducted enrolling 100 cases suffering from T1DM and 100 healthy controls of comparable age and sex. Assessment of random blood sugar, HbA1c, and genetic study of IL2RA rs706778 gene polymorphism were done for all studied subjects. Results: The AA and AG genotypes of IL2AR/CD25 rs706778 were significantly more prevalent among studied diabetics compared to controls. Furthermore, the mutant allele A was significantly more prevalent among diabetics while the G allele was significantly more prevalent among controls. Diabetics with AA genotype had significantly older onset of the disease compared to their peers with AG and GG genotypes. On the other hand, GG genotype was significantly more prevalent among diabetics with delayed puberty. Interestingly, AG genotype was significantly more prevalent among enrolled diabetics with neuropathy, retinopathy, micro albuminuria, hypertriglyceridemia, and hypercholesterolemia compared to studied diabetics without such complications. Conclusion: T1DM was significantly associated with IL2RArs706778 polymorphism in the current study, and it appears to be a risk factor for its age of onset and the development of its complications. ER  - 
Clinical and Etiological Aspects of Gynecomastia in Adult Males: A Multicenter Study; Objectives. To evaluate the characteristics of presentation, biochemical profile, and etiology of gynecomastia in adults. Methods. Medical records of 237 men aged 18-85 years with gynecomastia were evaluated. Results. Highest prevalence of gynecomastia was observed between 21 and 30 years (n = 74; 31.2%). The most common presenting complaints were aesthetic concerns (62.8%) and breast pain (51.2%). 25.3% of the subjects had a history of pubertal gynecomastia. 56.5% had bilateral gynecomastia. 39.9% were overweight and 22.8% were obese. The etiology could not be identified in 45.1% of the cases; the most frequent identified causes were anabolic steroids consumption (13.9%), hypogonadism (11.1%), and use of pharmaceutical drugs (7.8%). Patients with bilateral gynecomastia had a longer history of disease, higher BMI, and lower testosterone levels. Conclusions. Patients with gynecomastia presented more often with aesthetic concerns and secondarily with breast pain. The most frequent final diagnosis was idiopathic gynecomastia, whereas the most frequent identified etiologies were anabolic steroids consumption, hypogonadism, and use of pharmaceutical drugs. Despite the low frequency of etiologies such as thyroid dysfunction or adrenal carcinoma, we emphasize the importance of a thorough assessment of the patient, as gynecomastia may be the tip of the iceberg for the diagnosis of treatable diseases. ER  - 
Association of an obesity-predisposing genetic risk score with a set of metabolic and inflammatory traits in a cohort of spanish children; Introduction: In a previous study, we demonstrated how an obesity-predisposing GRS, based on 44 GWAS-significant SNPs, was strongly associated with the BMI (P=1x10-7) in a cohort of Spanish children, and performed well as a predictive tool for the identification of high-risk individuals. On the contrary, the relationship between this GRS and other obesity-related metabolic traits was not studied. Objectives: To study the relationship between the constructed GRS and other obesity-related metabolic and inflammatory traits. Methods: The population was composed of 196 normal-weight, 139 overweight and 362 obese children. A total of 25 biochemical markers were measured in the population and association with the GRS was investigated by means of multiple linear regression models (including GRS as both a BMI-adjusted marginal term and BMI∗GRS interaction term). Highlighted among the analyzed measurements are lipid and glucose metabolism biomarkers, adipokines, as well as cardiovascular-risk and pro-inflammatory biomarkers. Results: At a significance level of alpha=0.05, a model adjusted for BMI, Sex, Age, Puberty, and Origin showed a statistically significant association (P=0.002) between the GRS and TNFα levels (ng/L). The size effect of the association was estimated as a 0.81 increase in individuals belonging to the third quartile (Q3) of the GRS in comparison with first quartile children. Regarding marginal effects, no other trait besides TNFα showed statistically significant results after BMI-adjustment. In contrast, in regression models including a BMI∗GRS interaction term, three significant associations were identified, two of them when the GRS was treated as a continuous variable and related to Leptin(ug/L) and IL-8(ng/L) levels (P=0.046,Beta=1.04 and P=0.038,Beta=0.32 respectively). The third one was identified when GRS was dummy-coded (quartilized) and was related to TNFα levels (ng/L) (P<0.001 and Beta=0.16 for the interaction term BMI∗GRS-Q3). Conclusions: Levels of inflammatory markers are higher in obese children with a high-risk genetic profile compared to obese children with a low-risk genetic background. ER  - 
Real-world efficacy and safety of insulin degludec with mealtime rapid-acting insulin in type 1 diabetes in Indian pediatric population; Background: Insulin Degludec (IDeg) is a new ultra-long-acting basal insulin that has not been yet evaluated in Indian pediatric population. We aim to evaluate the efficacy and safety of IDeg as basal-bolus therapy in Indian pediatric patients affected by type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM). Methods: A total of 30 pediatric and adolescent patients (17 boys, 13 girls; 22 were pre-pubertal) with T1DM who were on IDeg once daily participated in the study. All the patients received IDeg for at least 26 weeks along with rapid-acting mealtime insulin and their pre- and post-baseline characteristics (anthropometric data (BMI), age, duration of diabetes), metabolic (HbA1C), insulin requirement (unit/kg body weight per day) and number of hypoglycemia episodes were recorded along with the daily self-monitoring of blood glucose. Results: There was a significant decline in HbA1c, FPG and bolus insulin dose from baseline to 26 weeks in the overall population (HbA1c: 9.65 ± 1.998% to 8.60 ± 1.631%, P = 0.0014; FPG: 156.93 ± 42.373 mg/dL to 109.37 ± 28.531 mg/dL, P = 0.000004; bolus insulin dose: 0.49 ± 0.208 U/kg/day to 0.35 ± 0.155 U/kg/day, P = 0.00032). The basal insulin dose was significantly higher at 26 weeks compared to baseline dose (0.42 ± 0.134 U/kg/day to 0.46 ± 0.139 U/kg/day, P = 0.04219). There was no significant change in BMI at 26 weeks. None of the patients experienced any DKA episode for 26 weeks. 16.7% patients had experienced at least one symptomatic hypoglycemia episode. On CGMS among the patients who were shifted from Glargine to degludec hypoglycemia were reduced significantly (overall hypoglycemia: 1.92 ± 1.26 to 0.35 ± 0.49 episodes over 3 days, P = 0.0026 while nocturnal hypoglycemia: 0.92 ± 0.47 to 0.21 ± 0.42 episodes, P = 0.0021). None of the patients had severe hypoglycemia episode. Conclusion: In our study IDeg is found to be safe and effective long-acting basal insulin that can be used in Indian pediatric population with T1DM. However further long term prospective studies are required to evaluate the long term effects. ER  - 
Dietary fiber consumption is inversely associated with the anthropometric nutritional status and metabolic syndrome components in children and adolescents; Objective. To investigate the association between fiber consumption and anthropometric nutritional status, of metabolic syndrome (SM) and its individual components, in subjects of pediatric age. Materials and methods. A descriptive, cross-sectional study was designed with a randomly selected sample of 298 children and adolescents of both genders (149 obese) and 10 to 17 years of age. All of them underwent clinical, biochemical, anthropometric and dietetic evaluation. Physical examination included pubertal stage verification and arterial blood pressure (TA).The anthropometrical nutritional status was determined using the weight and height to calculate the BMI and the waist circumference (CC) was also measured; a food consumption frequency questionnaire was used for the dietary evaluation. The biochemical evaluation included the determination of basal glucose (GliB), insulin (InsB) and plasmatic lipids levels. For the statistical analysis the SPSS program for Windows was used, the t-Student, one ANOVA factor, Pearson correlation and Pearson’s Chi2 test were applied, considering the values of p<0.05 to be significant. Results. Differences were found (p<0.05) between eutrophic and obese for all variables analyzed with the exception of the GliB; when comparing obese with and without SM, differences were observed (p<0.05) for all parameters except for the age, GliB and total cholesterol. The 26.2% of obese subjects presented SM. The consumption of fiber of all groups was below the WHO’s recommendations and the main source were cereals. Also was evident difference in the consumption of fiber between obese and eutrophic (p<0,034), but not between obese individuals with and without SM. An inverse correlation between total fiber consumption and BMI, CC, TA and GliB (p<0.05) was found and between the fiber from fruits with BMI, CC, TA, GliB, InsB and triacilgliceridos (p<0.05), but positive between the fiber from vegetables and BMI, CC and InsB (p<0.05). Conclusions. A lower fiber consumption is associated with obesity and SM components Daily intake of fruits seems to exhibit a positive impact on the metabolic health of children and adolescents. ER  - 
In rural Gambia, do adolescents have increased nutritional vulnerability compared with adults?; Adolescents may be particularly susceptible to malnutrition owing to the energy and nutrient costs of the pubertal growth spurt. Here, our aim is to compare differences in selected markers of nutritional status between adolescents and adults in rural Gambia. The Keneba Biobank collects cross-sectional data and samples for all consenting individuals resident in the West Kiang region of the Gambia. For this study, participants between the ages of 10 and 40 years were selected (n = 4201, females 2447). Height, body mass index, body composition, hemoglobin concentration, fasting glucose concentration, and blood pressure were compared using linear regression models adjusting for age, parity, season of measurement, and residence, across three age groups: early adolescent (10–14.9 years), late adolescent (15–19.9 years), and adult (20–39.9 years). Adolescents, particularly early-adolescent girls and boys, were shorter, lighter, and leaner than adults. By late adolescence, differences were smaller, particularly in girls where, notably, the prevalence of overweight, hypertension, and impaired fasting glucose was low. Given the importance of maternal health for reproductive outcomes and intergenerational health, the results of the study, albeit with limited biomarkers available, indicate that adolescent girls are no more compromised than adult women or males from the same population. ER  - 
Screening turkish postmenopausal women with calcaneal ultrasound and FRAX; A campaign named 'Healthy Bones & Strong Women' was conducted by the Turkish Osteoporosis Society to identify Turkish women at risk for osteoporosis, and to evaluate their awareness of osteoporosis. The campaign was started in Izmir, on World Osteoporosis Day. Throughout that week, panels to increase the awareness of osteoporosis in public were given by the academic staff of the Directory Board of the Turkish Osteoporosis Society. Then, the project was carried on in Istanbul and Antalya in a mobile vehicle (motor home) with a staff composed by physicians and technicians.Women aged 50 and older in big shopping centers were scanned by heel ultrasound. Fracture probability by FRAX™ questionnaire and One Minute Risk Test were also assessed. Four questions were also asked to this population to understand the level of their knowledge on osteoporosis and also to increase their awareness of osteoporosis. This questionnaire involved questions to investigate if the women had heard of the disease, had DXA scanning in the past, if osteoporosis was seen frequently as a disease, and if fractures are seen as a consequence of this disease. Some demographic and other data which is not involved in the FRAX questionnaire (The exact age of menopause, the age of menarche, Type II diabetes etc.) was also obtained. 1454 women were scanned with heel ultrasound. The questionnaire which involved 4 questions was also asked to other 7983 women online through facebook. Before the campaign, the Head of the Chronic Diseases Department of the Ministry of Health was visited by the Department of Turkish Osteoporosis Society. Spreading the project 'Healthy Bones & StrongWomen' to different parts of Turkey and reaching a greater number of people became the priority of the Turkish Osteoporosis Society and The Ministry of Health. ER  - 
New definition and cutoffs for childhood metabolic syndrome (results from the IDEFICS Study); INTRODUCTION: Due to the epidemic of obesity in childhood and the consequent .,tsunami of chronic diseases, the MS was extended to the paediatric population, though it was difficult to apply the adult cutoffs to children. The lack of consensus is due in part to our evolving understanding of normal developmental changes associated with childhood and puberty, and to the lack of age and gender specific reference values for HDL-C, triglyceride, insulin, HOMA, waist circumference, etc. OBJECTIVE: To develop new definition and reference standards (cutoff points) for metabolic syndrome (MetS) in European children and to establish a quantitative MetS score. DESIGN AND METHODS: Population-based survey in eight European countries, including 18745 children from 2.0 to 10.9 years of age, recruited during the survey. Anthropometry (weight, height and waist circumference), blood pressure and fasting serum triglycerides, HDL cholesterol, glucose and insulin were measured. RESULTS: Among the various definitions of MetS, the highest prevalence (5.5%) was obtained with our new definition requiring close observation (monitoring level). Our more conservative definition, requiring pediatric intervention gives a prevalence of 1.8%. In general, prevalences were higher in girls than in boys. The prevalence of metabolic syndrome is highest among obese children. The metabolic syndrome score shows a positive trend with age, particularly regarding the upper percentiles of the score. CONCLUSIONS: According to different definitions of pediatric MetS, a non-negligible proportion of prepubertal children are classified as affected. We propose a new definition of MetS that should improve clinical guidance. The continuous score developed may also serve as a useful tool in pediatric obesity research. ER  - 
Anti-Mullerian Hormone and Inhibin B Levels in Obese Boys; Relations with Cardiovascular Risk Factors; Objective Obesity may reduce sertoli cell functions in men. The aim of the study was to investigate antimullerian hormone (AMH) and inhibin B levels (sertoli cell markers) in obese boys and their relations to cardiovascular risk factors such as insulin sensitivity index, aortic intima media thickness (aIMT) and high sensitive c-reactive protein (hsCRP). Patients, methods 121 obese and 38 healthy lean adolescents were included in the study. Serum AMH, inhibin B, gonadotropins, total testosterone, lipids, hsCRP, glucose and insulin levels were detected and analyzed. Insulin resistance was analyzed using the homeostasis model assessment (HOMA-IR). aIMT was measured by high-resolution B-mode ultrasonography. Results Serum AMH, inhibin B and total testosterone levels were lower in the obese adolescents (p=0.01, p=0.009 and p=0.002, respectively). aIMT measurements (p<0.001, 0.63±0.09 and 0.47±0.06 mm, respectively) and hsCRP levels (p<0.001, 2.5±0.4 and 0.66±0.69 mg/L, respectively) were significantly increased in the obese group. Obese with IR group had decreased AMH levels (p=0.02, 53.0±20.5 and 66.7±19.5 ng/mL, respectively) and increased triglycerides, HOMA-IR, aIMT measurements than non-IR obese group. AMH levels were correlated negatively with body mass index (r:-0.108, p=0.03), HOMA-IR (r:-0.358, p=0.003) and fasting insulin levels (r:-0.389, p=0.001) in obese group with IR. Conclusion We found that concentrations of both sertoli cell markers (AMH and inhibin B) were significantly lower in obese pubertal boys especially in obese with IR. Obesity and IR might be important factors for the sertoli cell impairment in pubertal boys. ER  - 
Ghrelin and peptide YY Change during Puberty: Relationships with adolescent growth, development, and obesity; Context: Pubertal adolescents show strong appetites. How this is mediated is unclear, but ghrelin and peptide YY (PYY) play potentially important roles. Objective: To measure ghrelin and PYY change in relation to pubertal growth. Design: Three-year prospective cohort study. Setting: Australian regional community. Participants: Eighty healthy adolescents (26 girls; 54 boys) recruited at 10 to 13 years. Main Outcome Measures: Fasting circulating total ghrelin, total PYY, IGF-1, insulin, leptin (via radioimmunoassay), estradiol and testosterone (via mass spectrometry), anthropometry, and body composition (via bioelectrical impedance). Results: Adolescents exhibited normal developmental change. Mixed models revealed positive associations for ghrelin to age2 (both sexes: P < 0.05), indicating a U-shaped trend over time. Ghrelin was also inversely associated with IGF-1 (both sexes: P < 0.05), leptin in girls (P < 0.01), and insulin in boys (P < 0.05) and negatively correlated with annual height and weight velocity (both sexes: P ≤ 0.01). PYY showed no age-related change in either sex. Neither ghrelin nor PYY were associated with Tanner stage. Weight subgroup analyses showed significant ghrelin associations with age2 in healthy-weight but not overweight and obese adolescents (7 girls; 18 boys). Conclusions: Adolescents showed a U-shaped change in ghrelin corresponding to physical and biochemical markers of growth, and no change in PYY. The overweight and obesity subgroup exhibited an apparent loss of the U-shaped ghrelin trend, but this finding may be attributed to greater maturity and its clinical significance is unclear. Further research on weight-related ghrelin and PYY trends at puberty is needed to understand how these peptides influence growth and longterm metabolic risk. ER  - 
Endocrine disorders in primary mitochondrial disease; Context: Endocrine disorders are common in individuals with mitochondrial disease. To develop evidence-based screening practices in this high-risk population, updated age-stratified estimates of the prevalence of endocrine conditions are needed. Objective: To measure the point prevalence of selected endocrine disorders in individuals with mitochondrial disease. Design, Setting, and Patients: The North American Mitochondrial Disease Consortium Patient Registry is a large, prospective, physician-curated cohort study of individuals with mitochondrial disease. Participants (n = 404) are of any age, with a diagnosis of primary mitochondrial disease confirmed by molecular genetic testing. Main Outcome Measures: Age-specific prevalence of diabetes mellitus (DM), abnormal growth and sexual maturation (AGSM), hypoparathyroidism, and hypothyroidism. Results: The majority of our sample was pediatric ( < 18 years; 60.1%), female (56.9%), and white (85.9%). DM affected 2% of participants aged < 18 years [95% confidence interval (CI): 0.4% to 5.7%] and 24.4% of adult participants (95% CI: 18.6% to 30.9%). DM prevalence was highest in individuals with mitochondrial encephalomyopathy, lactic acidosis, and strokelike episodes syndrome (MELAS; 31.9%, of whom 86.2% had the m.3243A > G mutation). DM occurred more often with mitochondrial DNA defects (point mutations and/or deletions) than with nuclear DNA mutations (23.3% vs 3.7%, respectively; P < 0.001). Other prevalence estimates were 44.1% (95% CI: 38.8% to 49.6%) for AGSM; 0.3% (95% CI: 0% to 1.6%) for hypoparathyroidism; and 6.3% (95% CI: 4% to 9.3%) for hypothyroidism. Conclusion: DM and AGSM are highly prevalent in primary mitochondrial disease. Certain clinical mitochondrial syndromes (MELAS and Kearns-Sayre/Pearson syndrome spectrum disorders) demonstrated a higher burden of endocrinopathies. Clinical screening practices should reflect the substantial prevalence of endocrine disorders in mitochondrial disease. ER  - 
Plasma IL-1 receptor antagonist concentration has an inverse association with birth weight in prepubertal children; Context: Birth size has an impact on later cardiometabolic risk that is strongly related to low-grade inflammation. Objective: To evaluate plasma interleukin-1 receptor antagonist (IL-1ra) concentrations in relation to birth size and cardiometabolic and inflammatory markers in prepubertal children. Design: A cohort study. Anthropometric data were recorded. Fasting blood samples were collected for plasma analyses of IL-1ra, alanine transaminase, total cholesterol, high- and low-density lipoprotein cholesterols, triglyceride, glucose, and serum analyses of 25-hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D] and highsensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) concentrations. Participants: Forty-nine large for gestational age (LGA), 56 appropriate for gestational age, and 23 small for gestational age (SGA) children at 5 to 8 years of age were examined. Main Outcome Measures: Differences in IL-1ra concentrations among the birth-size groups and associations between IL-1ra and other metabolic markers were assessed. Results: Body mass index (BMI) standard deviation score (SDS)-adjusted plasma IL-1ra concentrations were highest in the SGA- and lowest in the LGA-born children (P = 0.015). Age- and sex-adjusted IL-1ra concentrations had strongest associations with BMI SDS (P < 0.001) and hs-CRP (P < 0.001, also when further adjusted for BMI SDS). Conclusions: Prepubertal children born SGA had the highest and those born LGA the lowest IL-1ra concentrations in this study cohort. Most associations found between IL-1ra and the studied metabolic parameters were weight related, but the association with hs-CRP remained strong after adjustment for BMI. It seems that at prepuberty, SGA children have a stronger inflammatory state than LGA children and may thus be at a greater risk for later metabolic disturbances. ER  - 
2520 Proteomics in the early diagnosis of metabolic syndrome in a Hispanic pre-teen cohort; OBJECTIVES/SPECIFIC AIMS: The objective of the present study is to determine if decreased adiponectin and increased leptin levels are associated with the development of MetS and identifiable endothelial dysfunction in a cohort of Hispanic pre-pubertal children. To do so we propose the following aims: (1) To measure expression of adiponectin and leptin levels in a Hispanic pre-pubertal cohort and determine their correlation with features of the MetS. (2) To perform proteomic analysis in a Hispanic pre-pubertal cohort. (3) Evaluate early onset of endothelial dysfunction and its correlation with expression of adiponectin and leptin levels in a Hispanic pre-pubertal cohort. METHODS/STUDY POPULATION: A cross-sectional pilot study will obtain a random representative sampling of children aged 6-12 years from all geographical areas of Puerto Rico. Children will be assessed regarding pre-pubertal status through Tanner staging and later divided into pre-MetS Versus MetS groups as well as controls. MetS will include children meeting 3 or more of the current International Diabetes Federation (IDF) criteria. Pre-MetS will include children with at least 1 criterion for MetS. Anthropometric data, blood pressure readings, ultrasound-based noninvasive testing for endothelial dysfunction, and laboratory assays will be performed to the study population and data analyzed for correlation. Total adiponectin and leptin levels will be measured using a commercially available quantitative sandwich enzyme-linked immunoassay test. The study will be submitted to the University of Puerto Rico Medical Sciences Campus' Institutional Review Board (IRB) for approval. Written consent and assent will be obtained from parents and children respectively to ensure patient anonymity. RESULTS/ANTICIPATED RESULTS: We hypothesize that low levels of adiponectin and high levels of leptin will correlate with features of the MetS as defined by the IDF consensus statement, as well as with clinical features of MetS in undiagnosed Hispanic pre-pubertal youth. We also hypothesize that non-invasive testing of endothelial function will correlate both with clinical features of the MetS and with low levels of adinopectin and high levels of leptin. DISCUSSION/SIGNIFICANCE OF IMPACT: The correlation of findings suggestive of endothelial dysfunction and biomarker expression (mainly adiponectin and leptin levels) in a pre-pubertal cohort has yet to be established and could also provide information regarding early atherogenesis in otherwise unidentified youth at risk. Therefore, by using a proteomic approach, this study aims to measure associations between clinical features of the MetS and expression of proteins associated with an adverse cardiometabolic profile in a Hispanic pre-pubertal population. We will concurrently measure the degree of endothelial dysfunction and evaluate whether a correlation exists between previously mentioned protein expression and early onset of dysfunction. ER  - 
Thyroid function in children with growth hormone deficiency during long-term growth hormone replacement therapy; Aim of the study: the aim of this study was to investigate the effects of growth hormone (GH) therapy on thyroid function in a group of euthyroid children with isolated idiopathic growth hormone deficiency (GHD). Material and methods: the study was retrospective and included 117 children treated with GH for 1-4 years. anthropometric measurements and serum concentrations of insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1), thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH), and free thyroxine (fT4) were analysed at baseline and during GH therapy. Results: TSH levels did not change significantly after the initiation of gh treatment, while fT4 levels decreased after the second year of GH treatment (p < 0.01) and remained lower than baseline until the end of observation (p < 0.01, after both the third and fourth year of therapy) in the whole group. analysis according to baseline pubertal status revealed significant changes in TSH and fT4 levels during GH treatment, but only in the prepubertal children. Multiple regression analysis confirmed that mean GH doses administered in the first two years of GH therapy were independently (r = 0.218, p < 0.05) associated with changes in fT4 levels in this period (ΔfT42 years - baseline), even when taking into account changes in height SDS and bone age. Conclusions: FT4 levels decreased during GH replacement therapy, while TSH levels appeared to be unaffected by GH therapy. Prepubertal children seem to be more predisposed to thyroid function alterations during such therapy in comparison to pubertal children. changes in fT4 levels during GH replacement therapy are related to GH doses. ER  - 
Continuous glucose monitoring to evaluate glycaemic abnormalities in cystic fibrosis; Objective: This study aimed to determine the glycaemic profile of patients with cystic fibrosis using a continuous glucose monitoring system (CGMS), and to evaluate the associations of glycaemic abnormalities with sex, age, pubertal stage, CFTR gene mutations, nutritional status, lung function, oral glucose tolerance test, glycated haemoglobin concentrations, fasting insulin concentrations, C peptide concentrations and exocrine pancreatic function. Study design: This observational study evaluated CGMS data from 39 patients with cystic fibrosis who were treated at a referral centre. The patients were 10-19.9 years old, and were categorised according to whether they had normal results (27 patients) or glucose intolerance (12 patients) during the oral glucose tolerance test. Results: The maximum interstitial glucose concentration among individuals with normal oral glucose tolerance test results was 174.9±65.1 mg/dL (9.7-3.61 mmol/L), compared with 170.4±40.9 mg/dL (9.46-2.27 mmol/L) among individuals with glucose intolerance. The CGMS revealed that 18 of the 27 patients with normal oral glucose tolerance test results had peak interstitial glucose concentrations of >140 mg/dL (7.8 mmol/L), and that 4 of these individuals had peak levels of >200 mg/dL (11.1 mmol/L). None of the analysed clinical or laboratory characteristics predicted the occurrence of hyperglycaemic peaks on CGMS. Conclusions: The present study revealed that CGMS could detect hyperglycaemia among patients with cystic fibrosis and 'normal' oral glucose tolerance test results, and that their clinical and laboratory characteristics were not useful in discerning between patients who did and did not exhibit these excursions. ER  - 
Relationship between early menarche, obesity, and disordered eating behaviors: A school-based cross-sectional survey in Northern Saudi Arabia; Background: Obesity and disordered eating (DE) behaviors are serious health concerns, regularly observed among female adolescents, which could progress to adverse psychological and nutritional sequels. Aim: The aim of this study was to determine the prevalence of obesity and the self-reported DE behaviors among high school female students and to evaluate their self-perception of body image, peer pressures, and need for dietary consultation. Methods: This is a school-based cross-sectional study conducted in 2018. Self-administered surveys and anthropometric measurements were obtained from adolescent females, randomly selected from eight schools in northern Saudi Arabia. Sample characteristics were age, menarche, and DE behaviors (binge eating, self-induced vomiting, and usage of laxatives). Body mass index was converted to percentiles using the age-to-gender scale. Self-perception of body image, perceived peer pressures, and the Eating Attitude Test-26 (EAT-26) were scored, summated, and then presented in percentage mean scores (PMSs) and mean scores (MSs). Results: Sample comprised 399 participants. One hundred twenty-eight (32.1%) participants reported early age of menarche (≤12 years). Sixty-five (16.3%) participants reported the prevalence of overweight/obesity, 123 (30.8%) participants reported binge eating, 28 (7.0%) participants reported self-induced vomiting, and 21 (5.3%) participants reported usage of laxatives. The PMS of self-perception of body weight and peer pressure was 68.7±27.1 and 41.9±23.5, respectively. One hundred ninety-two (48.1%) participants needed professional dietary help. Students with early age of menarche were 1.7 times more likely to be overweight/obese (adjusted [adj] P=0.018) compared to others. Overweight/obese participants had significantly poorer self-perception of body image (PMS =47.4±25.0) and higher perceived peer pressure (PMS =49.5±23.1) compared to underweight/normal weight students (PMS =72.8±25.6 [P<0.001] and PMS =40.5±23.3 [P=0.005], respectively). Participants with early age of menarche complained of higher perceived peer pressure compared to others (P=0.045). Participants with DE behaviors had higher peer pressure (PMS =46.8±23.5) and higher scores on E-26 (MS =22.2±11.4) compared to their counter groups (P=0.002 and 0.016, respectively). Conclusion: The high rate of overweight/obesity and DE behaviors among female adolescents is alarming. Special consideration should be made for those with early menarche who were more prone to overweight/obesity. ER  - 
The Influence of Obesity on Puberty and Insulin Resistance in Mexican Children; Obesity is considered the main risk factor associated with the development of insulin resistance (IR). The aim of this study was to evaluate the influence of obesity on puberty onset and IR in Mexican children. A total of 378 children (189 boys and 189 girls) aged 8-14 years participated in the study. IR was estimated using the homeostasis model assessment for IR (HOMA-IR). The mean fasting glucose (FG) and basal insulin levels were 82 mg/dl and 11.0 μIU/ml in boys and 77.3 mg/dl and 12.3 μIU/ml in girls (P<0.05). Subjects with obesity at Tanner stages II-V showed increased FG levels (P<0.05). In boys with obesity, there was a decrease in HOMA-IR in Tanner stage IV and differences in age between boys with normal weight and those with obesity in Tanner V, being older the boys with obesity. Obesity in children and adolescents was associated with higher HOMA-IR values. In boys with obesity, IR increased at the end of pubertal maturation, with a delay in puberty. These findings should be considered on the establishment of IR cutoff values for pubertal population in Mexico and in the establishment of strategies to prevent the health problems related to obesity. ER  - 
Association between C1236T (Rs1128503) variant in ABCB1 gene and breast cancer recurrence; Background: P-glycoprotein expression in tissues acts on pharmacokinetics and pharma-codynamics of drugs. In this context, the C1236T (rs1128503) variant in ATP binding cassette sub-family B member 1 (ABCB1) gene has been linked to inter-individual responses to many drugs. Objective: Our study evaluated the association between clinical and laboratory markers of breast cancer severity, including the recurrence, and C1236T variant in ABCB1 gene. Method: A total of 138 breast cancer patients were enrolled in our study. The rs1128503 screening was done by allele-specific polymerase chain reaction. The following data were registered: self-declared ethnicity, body mass index, diabetes mellitus, systemic hypertension, age at menarche, age at menopause, lactation, use of oral contraceptive, use of hormone replacement therapy, neoadjuvant chemotherapy, hormonal therapy after surgery, smoking, radiotherapy, estrogen and progesterone receptor expression, and breast cancer characteristics (recurrence, histological type, histological grade, nuclear grade, TNM staging and clinical stage). Statistical analysis was performed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences software version 21.0 through the χ2 test, Fisher's exact test and Kruskal-Wallis test. α=0.05 was adopted. Results: The rs1128503*CC genotype and rs1128502*C allele were associated with breast cancer recurrence with an OR=2.256 (95%CI=1.054 to 4.829) and OR=2.112 (95%CI=1.18 to 3.781), respectively. Also, after the correction by multiple tests, only the association between the rs1128502*C allele and recurrence was kept with a p-value<0.05. Conclusion: Our data showed that the rs1128503 variant in ABCB1 gene can contribute to breast cancer recurrence. ER  - 
Association of sedentary time and physical fitness with ideal cardiovascular health in perimenopausal women. The flamenco project; Aim: To examine the association of sedentary time and physical fitness with ideal cardiovascular health (CH) in perimenopausal women. Methods: A total of 123 perimenopausal women participated (52.7±7.5 years old). Time spent in different physical activity intensity levels (min/day) and in sedentary behaviors was objectively assessed with accelerometry (7 consecutive valid days). Physical fitness was assessed with the Senior Fitness Test battery plus handgrip strength and sit-and-reach tests. According to the American Heart Association (1), an adapted 'Ideal CH index' was created from the cut-off values of several behaviors (tobacco, BMI, physical activity and diet) and factors (total cholesterol, blood pressure and glucose) for adults. A value of 1 was assigned for each ideal metric (factor/behavior) status and a value of 0 for each non-ideal metric status. Women meeting ≥4 ideal components were categorized as having an ideal CH whereas women meeting <4 ideal components were categorized as having a non-ideal CH. Results: After adjusting for age, menarche and monthly regular menstruation, perimenopausal women with an ideal CH spent less time in sedentary behaviors [mean difference (95% confidence interval) = 46 min/day (16, 77)] and showed higher scores in the 6 min walk test [24.6 meters (5.7, 43.5)], 30 second chair stand test [1 rep (0, 2)] and back scratch test [3.1 cm (0.4, 5.7)] compared to women with a non-ideal CH status (all, p<0.03). The effect size was overall medium (Cohen's d ∼0.5). Conclusion: The results suggest that reduced time in sedentary behaviors and greater values of cardiorespiratory fitness, lower-body muscular strength and flexibility are associated with a more favorable cardiovascular profile in perimenopausal women. ER  - 
Assessment of anti-Mullerian hormone level in reproductive age group women with diabetes mellitus type one; Objective To assess the levels of anti-Mullerian hormone in women with type I diabetes mellitus during their reproductive age period. Background Reproductive impairment in poorly controlled type one diabetes mellitus results from perturbations at different levels of the gonadotropic axis, including the hypothalamus/pituitary and the ovary. Methods This study was designed as a case-control study. We evaluated anti-Mullerian hormone serum level in a female with type I diabetes mellitus (N = 60) who attended the Diabetes and Endocrine Center in Merjan Medical city in Babylon, from November 2015 to April 2016. These patients were compared with a healthy fertile female (N = 80) as a control group. The female's age ranges from 13 to 40 years for the two groups. Body mass index was calculated and serum samples for anti-Mullerian hormone serum levels were estimated. Results There was a significant difference between patients and control group regarding body mass index, residence, educational level, fertility, and menarche. Anti-Mullerian hormone level is significantly lower in patient group when compared with the control group (p = 0.000∗). HbA1c level is significantly higher in a patient group when compared with the control group (p = 0.000∗). Conclusion The results suggest that type I diabetes is an independent risk factor for decrease of anti-Mullerian hormone level in reproductive age group women. ER  - 
Typical Pubertal Timing in an Australian Population of Girls and Boys with Autism Spectrum Disorder; Secondary data analyses from the Longitudinal Study of Australian Children Kindergarten cohort were performed to understand any alterations in pubertal timing in Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD) in a population sample. Timing of parent-reported pubertal events (ages 8–9, 10–11, 12–13 years), and self-report (14–15 years; N = 3454 no ASD, N = 94 with ASD) included breast development, menses, skin changes, growth spurt, body hair, deepening voice and facial hair. Survival analyses and Cox regression controlling for covariates showed no evidence of altered pubertal onset amongst males with ASD. In contrast to some past studies, there was also no difference in pubertal timing in females with ASD. These exploratory findings suggest typical puberty timing in a population representative group of young people with ASD. ER  - 
Evidence of disordered calcium metabolism in adolescent girls with type 1 diabetes: An observational study using a dual-stable calcium isotope technique; Type 1 diabetes (T1D) is associated with skeletal abnormalities including low bone density and increased fracture risk. The pathophysiology underlying T1D related skeletal fragility remains unknown. The objective of this study was to use a dual-stable calcium isotope method to investigate the effects of T1D on calcium absorption and estimated calcium retention in adolescent females. Twenty adolescent females with T1D were admitted for a 24-h calcium absorption study using oral (44Ca) and intravenous (42Ca) stable isotopes for determination of percent gastrointestinal calcium absorption and estimated calcium retention. Five out of twenty participants were found to have negative estimated calcium retention. Participants with negative calcium retention had greater urinary calcium excretion [202 mg/d (IQR: 178–213)] compared to those with positive calcium retention [101.5 mg/d (IQR: 82–122)], p = 0.01, but similar calcium intake and percent calcium absorption. With the exception of one outlier, 24-h urine calcium was significantly associated with hemoglobin A1c (Pearson's r = 0.55, p = 0.02). 50% of participants consumed less than the RDA for calcium; fractional calcium absorption was inversely correlated with calcium intake in participants not meeting the RDA (Spearman's rho − 0.65, p = 0.04). In conclusion, one-quarter of adolescent girls with T1D were found to have negative estimated calcium retention at a time when bone mineral accrual should be ongoing. This appeared to be the result of excess urinary calcium excretion as opposed to diminished gastrointestinal calcium absorption. Insufficient calcium availability for bone deposition during adolescence could impair bone mineral accrual and contribute to skeletal fragility. Trial registered: ClinicalTrials.gov Reg No. NCT03156179 ER  - 
Reproductive factors in relation to heart failure in women: A systematic review; Background The biological mechanisms underlying the sex-related differences in risk of heart failure are still not well understood. The aim of this review was to provide an overview of the current evidence on the association between reproductive factors and risk of heart failure in women. Methods A systematic review of the literature was conducted. PubMed and Embase databases were searched for publications on the following reproductive factors as potential risk factors for heart failure in women: age at menarche, duration and frequency of the menstrual cycle, reproductive lifespan, use of contraception, polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS), pregnancy characteristics (e.g. parity), pregnancy complications (e.g. preeclampsia), induced abortion, history of breastfeeding, fertility status, use of assisted reproductive methods, hysterectomy, age at menopause, and use of hormone replacement therapy (HRT). Results Twenty-one studies were eligible for inclusion. Hypertensive pregnancy disorders, preterm delivery or small-for-gestational-age (SGA) infants, shorter reproductive duration, and early menopause were risk factors for heart failure in women. It was suggested that PCOS, fertility therapy, gestational diabetes, and age at first pregnancy were not related to risk of heart failure, but a potential relation cannot be fully excluded as most studies were not of sufficient quality. Conflicting results were found for the associations between risk of heart failure and hysterectomy, gravidity and parity, and HRT. Conclusion Although some reproductive factors were considered risk factors for heart failure in women, the results were mostly conflicting or inconclusive. Further research is needed to confirm and expand the current evidence on the association between reproductive factors and risk of heart failure. ER  - 
Genome-wide meta-analysis associates HLA-DQA1/DRB1 and LPA and lifestyle factors with human longevity; Genomic analysis of longevity offers the potential to illuminate the biology of human aging. Here, using genome-wide association meta-analysis of 606,059 parents' survival, we discover two regions associated with longevity (HLA-DQA1/DRB1 and LPA). We also validate previous suggestions that APOE, CHRNA3/5, CDKN2A/B, SH2B3 and FOXO3A influence longevity. Next we show that giving up smoking, educational attainment, openness to new experience and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol levels are most positively genetically correlated with lifespan while susceptibility to coronary artery disease (CAD), cigarettes smoked per day, lung cancer, insulin resistance and body fat are most negatively correlated. We suggest that the effect of education on lifespan is principally mediated through smoking while the effect of obesity appears to act via CAD. Using instrumental variables, we suggest that an increase of one body mass index unit reduces lifespan by 7 months while 1 year of education adds 11 months to expected lifespan. ER  - 
Cardiorespiratory Fitness Cutoff Points for Early Detection of Present and Future Cardiovascular Risk in Children: A 2-Year Follow-up Study; Objective To examine the association between cardiorespiratory fitness (CRF) at baseline and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk in 6- to 10-year-olds (cross-sectional) and 2 years later (8- to 12-year-olds [longitudinal]) and whether changes with age in CRF are associated with CVD risk in children aged 8 to 12 years. Patients and Methods Spanish primary schoolchildren (n=236) aged 6 to 10 years participated at baseline. Of the 23 participating primary schools, 22% (n=5) were private schools and 78% (n=18) were public schools. The dropout rate at 2-year follow-up was 9.7% (n=23). The 20-m shuttle run test was used to estimate CRF. The CVD risk score was computed as the mean of 5 CVD risk factor standardized scores: sum of 2 skinfolds, systolic blood pressure, insulin/glucose, triglycerides, and total cholesterol/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. Results At baseline, CRF was inversely associated with single CVD risk factors (all P<.05) and CVD risk score at baseline and follow-up (P<.001). Cardiorespiratory fitness cutoff points of 39.0 mL/kg per minute or greater in boys and 37.5 mL/kg per minute or greater in girls are discriminative to identify CVD risk in childhood (area under the curve, >0.85; P<.001) and to predict CVD risk 2 years later (P=.004). Persistent low CRF or the decline of CRF from 6-10 to 8-12 years of age is associated with increased CVD risk at age 8 to 12 years (P<.001). Conclusion During childhood, CRF is a strong predictor of CVD risk and should be monitored to identify children with potential CVD risk. ER  - 
Adiposity, dysmetabolic traits, and earlier onset of female puberty in adolescent offspring of women with gestational diabetes mellitus: A clinical study within the Danish national birth cohort; Objective: Offspring of pregnancies affected by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at increased risk of the development of type 2 diabetes. However, the extent to which these dysmetabolic traits may be due to offspring and/or maternal adiposity is unknown. We examined body composition and associated cardiometabolic traits in 561 9- to 16-year-old offspring of mothers with GDM and 597 control offspring. Research Design and Methods: We measured anthropometric characteristics; puberty status; blood pressure; and fasting glucose, insulin, C-peptide, and lipid levels; and conducted a DEXA scan in a subset of the cohort. Differences in the outcomes between offspring of mothers with GDM and control subjects were examined using linear and logistic regression models. Results: After adjustment for age and sex, offspring of mothers with GDM displayed higher weight, BMI, waist-to-hip ratio (WHR), systolic blood pressure, and resting heart rate and lower height. Offspring of mothers with GDM had higher total and abdominal fat percentages and lower muscle mass percentages, but these differences disappeared after correction for offspring BMI. The offspring of mothers with GDM displayed higher fasting plasma glucose, insulin, C-peptide, HOMA-insulin resistance (IR), and plasma triglyceride levels, whereas fasting plasma HDL cholesterol levels were decreased. Female offspring of mothers with GDM had an earlier onset of puberty than control offspring. Offspring of mothers with GDM had significantly higher BMI, WHR, fasting glucose, and HOMA-IR levels after adjustment for maternal prepregnancy BMI, and glucose and HOMA-IR remained elevated in the offspring of mothers with GDM after correction for both maternal and offspring BMIs. Conclusions: In summary, adolescent offspring of women with GDM show increased adiposity, an adverse cardiometabolic profile, and earlier onset of puberty among girls. Increased fasting glucose and HOMA-IR levels among the offspring of mothers with GDM may be explained by the programming effects of hyperglycemia in pregnancy. ER  - 
Plasma amino-terminal propeptide of C-type natriuretic peptide concentration in normal-weight and obese children; Objective: In studies on the relationship between amino-terminal propeptide of C-type natriuretic peptide (NT-proCNP) concentration and height velocity in children, CNP has been implicated as an emerging new growth marker during childhood. It has been reported that besides its well-studied role in growth, plasma CNP levels are reduced in overweight and/or obese adolescents, suggesting CNP as a potential biomarker in childhood obesity. The primary goal of this study was to test this hypothesis in a Turkish population. Methods: Consent was taken from 317 children [ages 0-18 (158 girls, 159 boys)] and their parents. All subjects were physically examined; anthropometric measurements were obtained. Body mass index was calculated. During routine blood work, 1 mL extra blood was taken. Plasma NT-proCNP concentration was measured by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. Results: Results confirmed the previously described relationship between plasma NT-proCNP concentration and growth velocity. Plasma NT-proCNP concentration showed a negative correlation with age, weight, and height in children. Gender was not a factor that alters the age-dependent plasma NT-proCNP concentration until puberty. Conclusion: Unlike previous reports, plasma NT-proCNP concentration of overweight/obese children was not significantly lower than that of children with normal weight in age groups analyzed in a Turkish population. Thus, it is too early to conclude that CNP is a potential biomarker in childhood obesity. Further studies are necessary to address this question. ER  - 
Early menarche is associated with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in adulthood; Background: The aim of this study was to examine the association between early menarche (<12 years) and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in premenopausal women and to explore whether it is mediated by adult obesity and insulin resistance. Methods: We analyzed data of premenopausal women, aged ≥15 years, from the Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (2007–2009). We divided the women into three groups: early menarche, reference (12.00–15.99 years), and late menarche. The presence of NAFLD was determined using hepatic steatosis index >36.0. Results: Of the 4,387 women evaluated, 673 (15.4%) met the criteria for NAFLD. The prevalence of NAFLD was higher in both women with early and late menarche compared with the reference (early, 23.4%; reference, 14.0%; late, 19.9%, P < 0.001). After adjustment of confounders including age, the OR for NAFLD in early menarche compared with the reference was 3.04 (95%CI: 1.99–4.65). Further adjustment of mediators, such as central obesity or insulin resistance, attenuated the association to 1.91–2.17. There was no association, however, between late menarche and NAFLD after adjustment of confounders. Conclusions: Early menarche was associated with an increased risk of NAFLD in young and middle-aged premenopausal Korean women. ER  - 
Association of serum triglyceride-to-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio with insulin resistance and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in children and adolescents; Aim: Insulin resistance (IR) is considered the main contributor to non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Triglyceride (TG)-to-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) ratio (TG/HDL-C) has been recommended as a surrogate index of IR. However, the association between TG/HDL-C and NAFLD is as yet unclear. The aim of this study was to investigate the association of TG/HDL-C ratio with IR and NAFLD. Methods: The study population included 228 obese children and adolescents (59% girls, mean age: 12.52±2.94 years) and 46 lean subjects (57% girls, mean age: 12.53±3.30 years). The obese group was further stratified on the basis of NAFLD. Results: The TG/HDL-C ratio was higher in obese subjects compared with controls. The NAFLD group also had a significantly higher TG/ HDL-C ratio (3.20±1.9 vs. 2.35±1.09) than the non-NAFLD group. The TG/HDL ratio was correlated with alanine aminotransferase, cholesterol, glucose-to-insulin ratio (FIGR), homeostasis model assessment of IR (HOMA-IR), quantitative insulin-sensitivity check index, and insulin. A cut-off value of 2.27 was used to define a high TG/HDL-C ratio. At multivariate logistic regression analysis, FIGR [odds ratio (OR)=4.20], HOMA-IR (OR=4.15), TG/HDL-C ratio (OR=2.8), HDL-C (OR=2.12), and ALT (OR=6.37) were associated with NAFLD. Conclusion: TG/HDL-C ratio is associated with various well-defined risk factors for NAFLD, and a value of >2.27 may be useful in identifying children at high risk for the condition. ER  - 
Evaluation of endocrine functions in HB Eβ thalassemia patients with special reference to assessment of growth and puberty; Background-In India, more than 10,000 new cases of thalassemia are born every year. In Bengal, Eβ thalassemia accounts for more than 50 % of the disease burden. To the best of our knowledge, no published data is yet available on growth, puberty and endocrine complications in these patients. Aims & Objectives-The aim of this study was to determine the prevalence of growth failure, delayed puberty and pattern of endocrine dysfunctions in patients of Eβ thalassemia. The objectives were to study the correlation between type of endocrine dysfunction with various clinical parameters and serum ferritin levels. Methods-All demographic details were recorded. Clinical examination, anthropometric measurements and assessment of puberty were done. Routine biochemical investigations and specific endocrinological tests were performed. Patients were put on specific endocrinological treatment and monthly follow up was done. Results/Conclusions-69 patients with Eβ Thalassemia were prospectively evaluated. The mean age was 15.6 years. There were 42 males and 27 females (M: F ratio =1.6:1). All patients received oral iron chelation with deferasirox. 23 (33%) of patients had onset of symptoms prior to three years of age while 42 (61%) of patients received their first transfusion before fifth birthday. 52 (75%) patients required regular (>4 units/year) transfusions. 27(39%) of the patients were splenectomised. 29 (42%) of patients were found to have growth retardation. Primary hypothyroidism was present in 9.5% male and 11% female patients. None of the patients were diabetic. 20/42 (48%) male patients had delayed puberty. They had significantly earlier onset of symptoms (p =0.04) and were more frequently growth retarded (p=0.01) in comparison to patients with normal puberty. Receiver operating characteristics (ROC) analysis was employed to find the best cut off values for age at onset of symptoms and Ht. Percentile capable of identifying delayed puberty in HbEβ Thalassemia Patients. With the cut off value of age at onset of symptoms at ≤2.8 years, sensitivity and specificity of the marker was 80% and 86. 4 %. Also, with the cutoff values of Ht. percentile at ≤25 percentile, sensitivity and specificity of the marker was 95.0% and 68.2% in identifying delayed puberty.35% of male patients with delayed puberty achieved puberty with no or short duration (6 months) of testosterone replacement. 11/27 (41%) female patients had delayed puberty. They had significantly (p=0.02) earlier age at onset of symptoms. With the cutoff value of age at onset of symptoms of ≤1.5 years, sensitivity and specificity of the marker was 81.8% and 100 % in identifying delayed puberty. Also, sensitivity and specificity were 100% and 56.2% respectively, with the cutoff values of ≤25 percentile Ht percentile for age. 36 % of female patients with delayed puberty spontaneously achieved menarche without hormonal supplementation. Serum ferritin was not significantly different in patients with delayed puberty (in comparison to patients with normal puberty). In this study, different clinical predictors of severity and serum ferritin levels were analysed to study their association with delayed puberty in Eβ thalassemia patients. Similar studies conducted from different centers will help to confirm or negate our findiNGS. ER  - 
Puberty and menarche in type 1 diabetes; Puberty is an important indicator of an individual’s physiological development and late puberty was been associated with chronic illness. Menarche is a milestone in human sexual development as it denotes the achievement of fertility. Improvements in socioeconomic conditions and the general health of the world population during the 20th century has resulted in earlier onset of menarche. An Italian study dated 2010, on 3783 girls from the North and South of Italy, reported that the current age of menarche was 12.4 years. This paper looks at puberty, the age and determinants of menarche in girls with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM). Late menarche among patients with chronic diseases is multifactorial. Chronic inflammation and alterations in insulin secretion seem to be the main causes in T1DM. However, we found no differences in menarche in our cohort of Italian girls with T1DM compared to the healthy Italian population of the same age, living in the same region. Early detection and adequate treatment of the T1DM is essential for patients’ reproductive outcomes. Specific questioning about anomalies of puberty in T1DM females is advisable since this information is unlikely to be offered without prompting. ER  - 
Is arterial stiffening associated with adiposity, severity of obesity and other contemporary cardiometabolic markers in a community sample of adolescents with obesity in the UK?; Background Cardiovascular disease (CVD) prediction is problematic within groups of obese adolescents as measures such as adiposity and metabolic markers lack validation. Pulse wave velocity (PWV), a proxy for arterial stiffening, is a potential way to contemporaneously capture adolescents at greater risk of CVD. Objectives To investigate associations between PWV and 1) adiposity and 2) other conventional metabolic factors in a community sample of (≫95th centile body mass index (BMI)). Design and setting Cross-sectional measurement and analysis in a hospital-based research centre drawn from a community sample of adolescents recruited to an obesity intervention at baseline. Patients 174 adolescents (12-19 years) with obesity (≫95th centile BMI). 37% were male, while 66 (38%) were white, 53 (30%) black, 36 (21%) South Asian, 19 (11%) mixed/other. Participants with endocrine, genetic causes of obesity and chronic medical conditions (excluding asthma) were excluded. Measures BMI z-score (zBMI), waist z-score, fat mass index (FMI: measured using bioimpedance), sagittal abdominal dimension (SAD), cardiometabolic blood tests and resting blood pressure (BP) were collected. Carotid-radial PWV was measured by a single operator. results PWV was associated with age but not pubertal stage. PWV was positively associated with adiposity (zBMI: coefficient 0.44 (95% CI 0.08 to 0.79); FMI: coefficient 0.05 (95% CI 0.00 to 0.10); waist z-score: coefficient 0.27 (95% CI 0.00 to 0.53); SAD: coefficient 0.06 (95% CI: 0.00 to 0.12)). There was no association between PWV and BP, and few associations with cardiometabolic bloods. Associations between PWV and adiposity measures were robust to adjustment in multivariable models except for SAD. Participants with zBMI ≫2.5 SD and ≫3.5 SD had greater average PWV but overlap between groups was large. conclusions In our sample, increasing adiposity was positively associated with arterial stiffness, however partitioning by severity was not reliable. Lack of associations between BP, cardiometabolic bloods and arterial stiffness questions the reliability of these factors for predicting CVD risk in adolescents with obesity. ER  - 
Factors associated with glycemic control in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus at a tertiary-care center in Thailand: A retrospective observational study; Background: Children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1D), even those with intensive insulin treatment regimens, often have higher glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) levels than adults. Objective: To delineate the medical and psychosocial factors associated with glycemic control in an unselected pediatric population with T1D. Methods: We included a cross-section of 58 adolescents (28 boys and 30 girls) aged 13.6 ± 4.0 years with T1D ≥1 year attending a well-established pediatric diabetes clinic in Thailand. Median diabetes duration was 4.1 years (range 1–18 years). Participants were divided into 2 subgroups according to their average HbA1c level over the past year. Those with good control (HbA1c <8%) (n = 13) were compared with those with poor control (HbA1c ≥8%) (n = 45). Data collected from self-report standardized questionnaires and medical records were used to compare variables between groups. Results: Adolescents with good control used significantly less daily insulin and had higher family income, higher scores for family support, and quality of life (QoL) than those in the group with poor control (P < 0.05). Age, sex, puberty, duration of diabetes, insulin regimen, frequency of blood glucose monitoring, and self-report adherence did not differ between groups. By univariate logistic regression, the only factor associated significantly with poor glycemic control was a QoL score <25. Conclusion: Adolescents with T1D may be at a higher risk of poor glycemic control if they have poor QoL, impaired family functioning, poor coping skills, and lower socioeconomic status, suggesting that psychosocial interventions could potentially improve glycemic control in this population. ER  - 
Endocrine health problems detected in 764 patients evaluated in a late effects clinic; Background: Many pediatric cancer survivors have endocrine conditions. After treatment with alkylating agents, steroids, methotrexate, and radiation, several endocrine dysfunctions may appear. Surveillance for late effects is recommended by guidelines worldwide. Objective: The objective of this study was to describe the endocrine outcomes of 764 patients followed during a 20 years' period in our out-patient clinic. Design: We retrospectively reviewed the medical records. Patients: The study included 764 patients whose oncological or hematological dangerous diseases appeared before they were 18 years old. Larger groups were constituted by leukemias, central nervous tumors, and lymphomas. Outcome Measures: The frequency and types of endocrine conditions were analyzed. Results: 1,091 endocrine conditions were observed in all groups. The most common types of endocrine conditions were problems with growth and the thyroid. We found puberty abnormalities and bone problems in third and fourth places of frequency. ACTH insufficiency was found in seventh place. Conclusion: Endocrine dysfunctions are very common in survivor populations. Endocrinologists should be aware of international guidelines and make an effort to optimize screening and treatment of endocrine effects of cancer therapy. The crucial period is the puberty with growth spurt failure and accelerated maturity both of which can bring future social and professional difficulties. ER  - 
Reproductive disturbances among Saudi adolescent girls and young women with type 1 diabetes mellitus; AIM To identify reproductive disturbances among adolescent girls and young women with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) in Saudi Arabia. METHODS This cross sectional study was conducted among 102 female with T1DM, (aged 13-29 years) who attended the Diabetes Clinic at Diabetes Treatment Center, Prince Sultan Military Medical City, Saudi Arabia between April 2015 to March 2016. Clinical history, anthropometric characteristics and reproductive disturbance were collected through a questionnaire. RESULTS Of 102 patients included in this analysis, 26.5% (27/102) were reported that they experienced an irregular menses. Of these patients, when compared to whose diabetes was diagnosed before menarche (35.4%, 17/48), patients diagnosed with diabetes after menarche (18.5%, 10/54) showed significantly less irregular menses (difference 16.9%, P = 0.04). Similarly, compared to patients diagnosed with diabetes prior to menarche (mean age 12.9 years; n = 48), patients diagnosed with diabetes after menarche (mean age 12.26 years; n = 54) were found to have 0.64 years delay in the age of menarche (P = 0.04). Among the studied patients, 15.7% (16/102) had polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Of these PCOS patients, 37.5% (6/16) had irregular menses, 6.3% (1/16) had Celiac disease, 37.5% (6/16) had Hashimoto thyroiditis and 18.7% (3/16) had acne. CONCLUSION More than one fourth of the study population with T1DM experiencing an irregular menses. Adolescent girls and young women diagnosed with diabetes prior to menarche showed higher menstrual irregularity and a delay in the age of menarche. ER  - 
Type 2 diabetes in a 5-year-old and single center experience of type 2 diabetes in youth under 10; The worrisome rise in pediatric type 2 diabetes (T2DM) is most prevalent among minority ethnic/racial populations. Typically, T2DM occurs during puberty in high risk obese adolescents with evidence of insulin resistance. Screening for T2DM in obese youth can be a daunting task for pediatricians and differentiating between pediatric T1DM and T2DM in obese youth can be challenging for pediatric endocrinologists. There is very limited data regarding the prevalence of T2DM among youth < 10 years of age. Here we present the case of a 5-year-old Hispanic male diagnosed with T2DM after referral by his pediatrician for abnormal weight gain, acanthosis nigricans and an elevated HbgA1c. He subsequently became symptomatic for diabetes with confirmed hyperglycemia and HbgA1c of 9.7% (83 mmol/mol) at the time of formal diagnosis. Type 1 diabetes autoantibodies (GAD65, Islet, and ZincT8) and monogenic diabetes genetic tests were negative. Due to elevated liver enzymes and baseline HbgA1c, he received basal insulin as his initial therapy. In this paper, we will discuss this case and present an IRB approved retrospective review of the characteristics of the 20 T2DM patients <10 years of age identified to date in our pediatric diabetes center. This review highlights that while uncommon, the diagnosis of T2DM merits consideration even in prepubertal children. This is especially true when working with a high risk population, such as our Hispanic South Texas youth. ER  - 
The relationship between metabolic disorders and small for gestational age with idiopathic premature adrenarche; Background There is still controversy on the relationship between idiopathic premature adrenarche (IPA) and a history of small for gestational age, as well as the concomitant presence of obesity and other metabolic disturbances. An attempt is made to study these potential associations in a cohort of girls with IPA from our hospital. Patients and methods A descriptive cross-sectional study was conducted that included girls with a diagnosis of IPA from the Paediatric Department of the Fundación Jiménez Díaz (Madrid, Spain) between January 2007 and May 2015. A record was made of family and personal history with perinatal data, as well as anthropometric data and biochemical values at the time of diagnosis. Results Out of a total of 76 girls with IPA, 2.7% had a history of small for gestational age. When body mass index was analysed according to modified criteria of WHO 2007/Cole 2000, 11.8% were overweight, and 11.8% were obese at diagnosis. Using the criteria set by the Spanish Ministry of Health, 6.6% were overweight and 18.4% obese, with 21.2% of the girls being insulin resistance, and 13.95% having dyslipidaemia. None of them had hypertension. From a comparative analysis between normal and overweight and obesity IPA girls, the latter had significantly higher levels of triglycerides and insulin, a higher HOMA index, and lower levels of HDL cholesterol. Conclusions IPA girls included in the study do not have a higher prevalence of small for gestational age compared to the general population. Prevalence of overweight and obesity in girls with IPA is not higher than the prevalence in the normal population. ER  - 
Gender dimorphism in pediatric OSA: Is it for real?; In epidemiologic studies focused on adults, obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) has higher prevalence in men than in women. The evidence supporting a gender-related discrepant prevalence of OSA is however much more tenuous in children. Here, we aimed to review the evidence concerning gender- based differences in the prevalence of OSA in children, and if so, to examine the evidence with the intent to identify potential factors that may account for this putative association. Gender-based perception and reporting of clinical manifestations of OSA may be modulated by several social and cultural factors in children. Among those factors, gender may crucially affect the reporting of symptoms such as snoring, and therefore markedly skew the male:female prevalence ratios of OSA. On the other hand, hormonal changes associated with puberty, may be playing a role, albeit a relatively smaller one than previously construed. Gender bias in OSA is most likely due to complex interactions between several physiological and epidemiologic factors that are clearly operational in adults. However, the evidence of clear gender-based differences in OSA prevalence or severity remains unclear in pre-pubertal children, and may be detectable in adolescents only when concurrent obesity is also present. Furthermore, no published evidence emerged supporting increased susceptibility to OSA-related in pre-pubertal boys vs. girls, except in obese adolescents or in girls with elevated testosterone levels. Future research in OSA may give clues on the role of gender-related hormonal changes as a modulating factor in childhood. ER  - 
Obese Versus Normal-Weight Late-Adolescent Females have Inferior Trabecular Bone Microarchitecture: A Pilot Case-Control Study; Though still a topic of debate, the position that skeletal health is compromised with obesity has received support in the pediatric and adult literature. The limited data relating specifically to trabecular bone microarchitecture, however, have been relatively inconsistent. The aim of this pilot cross-sectional case-control study was to compare trabecular bone microarchitecture between obese (OB) and normal-weight (NW) late-adolescent females. A secondary aim was to compare diaphyseal cortical bone outcomes between these two groups. Twenty-four non-Hispanic white females, ages 18–19 years, were recruited into OB (n = 12) or NW (n = 12) groups based on pre-specified criteria for percent body fat (≥32 vs. <30, respectively), body mass index (>90th vs. 20th–79th, respectively), and waist circumference (≥90th vs. 25th–75th, respectively). Participants were also individually matched on age, height, and oral contraceptive use. Using magnetic resonance imaging, trabecular bone microarchitecture was assessed at the distal radius and proximal tibia metaphysis, and cortical bone architecture was assessed at the mid-radius and mid-tibia diaphysis. OB versus NW had lower apparent trabecular thickness (radius and tibia), higher apparent trabecular separation (radius), and lower apparent bone volume to total volume (radius; all P < 0.050). Some differences in radius and tibia trabecular bone microarchitecture were retained after adjusting for insulin resistance or age at menarche. Mid-radius and mid-tibia cortical bone volume and estimated strength were lower in the OB compared to NW after adjusting for fat-free soft tissue mass (all P < 0.050). These trabecular and cortical bone deficits might contribute to the increased fracture risk in obese youth. ER  - 
Does long-term androgen deficiency lead to metabolic syndrome in middle-aged rats?; Evidence from clinical observational studies and animal experiments suggests that hypogonadism is associated with the metabolic syndrome. In most of the experiments, androgen deficiency is induced by gonadectomy in the adulthood and relatively short-term effects of hypogonadism on metabolic parameters are usually observed. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the metabolic effects of long-term androgen deficiency starting before puberty in middle-aged male rats. The components of the metabolic syndrome were examined in male, female and gonadectomized male rats at the age of 18 months. Sex differences were observed in plasma testosterone, cholesterol, high-density lipoproteins and also in body weight and in glycemia dynamics during oral glucose tolerance test. Gonadectomy and long-term hypogonadism did not affect most of the analyzed metabolic parameters such as blood pressure, glycemia, plasma insulin and uric acid. The only exception was the significantly higher liver enzymes in plasma and triacylglycerol in liver found in gonadectomized males. Except low-density lipoprotein, neither treatment of middle-aged males and females with letrozole, nor supplementation of estradiol as the metabolite of testosterone in gonadectomized male rats changed any of the observed metabolic parameters. Our results suggest that long-term hypogonadism started before puberty does not induce metabolic syndrome in middle-aged male rats, but may affect the liver. Sex differences in metabolic parameters in middle-aged rats are not mediated by testosterone. Whether hypogonadism predispose to metabolic syndrome in combination with other risk factors needs further clarification. ER  - 
Reproductive and metabolic features during puberty in sons of women with polycystic ovary syndrome; Context: Intrauterine life may be implicated in the origin of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) modifying the endocrine and metabolic functions of children born to PCOS mothers independently of the genetic inheritance and gender. The aim of the present study was to evaluate the reproductive and metabolic functions in sons of women with PCOS during puberty. Methods: Sixty-nine PCOS sons (PCOSs) and 84 control sons of 7-18 years old matched by the Tanner stage score were studied. A complete physical examination was conducted including anthropometric measurements (weight, height, waist, hip and body mass index). An oral glucose tolerance test was performed and circulating concentrations of luteinizing hormone, follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH), sex hormone-binding globulin, testosterone, androstenedione (A4), 17α-hydroxyprogesterone (17-OHP) and AMH were determined in the fasting sample. Results: Waist-to-hip ratio, FSH and androstenedione levels were significantly higher in the PCOSs group compared to control boys during the Tanner stage II-III. In Tanner stages II-III and IV-V, PCOSs showed significantly higher total cholesterol and LDL levels. Propensity score analysis showed that higher LDL levels were attributable to the PCOSs condition and not to other metabolic factors. AMH levels were comparable during all stages. The rest of the parameters were comparable between both groups. Conclusions: Sons of women with PCOS show increased total cholesterol and LDL levels during puberty, which may represent latent insulin resistance. Thus, this is a group that should be followed and studied looking for further features of insulin resistance and cardiovascular risk markers. Reproductive markers, on the other hand, are very similar to controls. ER  - 
Fertility preserved hysteroscopic approach for the treatment of stage Ia endometrioid carcinoma; Objective This study aims to explore the feasibility of a hysteroscopic procedure combined with progestin therapy in young patients with stage Ia endometrioid carcinoma (EC) to avoid sterilization. Materials and Methods Eleven young women with stage Ia EC (International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics grade 1) who were treated with a hysteroscopic approach combined with progestin from July 2004 to June 2016 were retrospectively analyzed and followed up to monitor their general recovery and pregnancy outcome. Results The patients' median age was 27.3 years (range, 25-39 years). Comorbidities consisted of primary infertility in 8 patients, polycystic ovary syndrome in 4, uterine fibroids in 2, and diabetes in 1. The results of immunohistochemical analysis were positive for all estrogen and progestin receptors. After treatment, 9 patients attained complete remission, and 2 patients achieved partial remission. The results of peritoneal cytology in 4 patients were negative. As of this writing, 6 of the 11 patients have given birth to 7 infants, and 1 patient had an ectopic pregnancy. Two patients ultimately underwent radical resection. The average follow-up time was 82.3 months (range, 15 to 152 months), and all patients remain disease-free. Conclusions Hysteroscopic surgery combined with progestin treatment for stage Ia EC in young patients to avoid sterilization was practical and may represent a new option for patients with stage Ia EC who wish to preserve their fertility. ER  - 
Clinical characteristics of 138 chinese female patients with idiopathic hypogonadotropic hypogonadism; Objective: To evaluate the clinical features of Chinese women with idiopathic hypogonadotropic hypogonadism (IHH). Methods: We retrospectively reviewed the clinical characteristics, laboratory and imaging findings, therapeutic management and fertility outcomes of 138 women with IHH. All patients had been treated and followed up at an academic medical centre during 1990–2016. Results: Among the 138 patients, 82 patients (59.4%) were diagnosed with normosmic IHH and 56 patients (40.6%) were diagnosed with Kallmann syndrome (KS). The patients with IHH experienced occasional menses (4.3%), spontaneous thelarche (45.7%) or spontaneous pubarche (50.7%). Women with thelarche had a higher percentage of pubarche (P < 0.001) and higher gonadotropin concentrations (P < 0.01). Olfactory bulb/ sulci abnormalities were found during the magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) of all patients with KS. Most patients with IHH had osteopenia and low bone age. Among the 16 women who received gonadotropin-releasing hormone treatment, ovulation induction or assisted reproductive technology, the clinical pregnancy rate was 81.3% and the live birth rate was 68.8%. Conclusions: The present study revealed that the phenotypic spectrum of women with IHH is broader than typical primary amenorrhoea with no secondary sexual development, including occasional menses, spontaneous thelarche or pubarche. MRI of the olfactory system can facilitate the diagnosis of KS. Pregnancy can be achieved after receiving appropriate treatment. ER  - 
Short stature-most common complication in children born small for gestational age (SGA)-our experiences; Background Children born with low birth parameters or small for gestational age (SGA) might had influence in prevalence and outcome in associated conditions or congenital ano-malies which might lead to chronic diseases in adulthood. Objective: Growth failure and short adult height are most common expected com-plications in children born small for gestation age. Methods: Clinical birth and anthropometric data were investigated in 100 SGA born children and compared with children born appropriate for gestational age (AGA). An analyzed data were taken during patient's first visit in the study. Auxology parameters were estimated with precise equipment specialized for pediatric population. We confirmed certain diseases and related conditions by applying an appropriate diagnostic protocols and followed with an adequate treatment. Results: A 100 SGA born children, 40 boys and 60 girls, were born with mean BW (-2.51 SDS) and BL(-1.46 SDS) in 39.25 GW. An analyzed data of our SGA patients revealed: mostly of them, 65/100 remained short (-2.87 SDS), but 35/100 caught up growth (0.20 SDS), in 7/100 children were diagnosed congenital anomalies of kidneys and urinary tract (CAKUT), 4/100 had cystic fibrosis (CF), 4/100 children were obese, but two of them had hyperinsulinemia and insulin resistance, 3/100 girls manifested signs of precocious puberty, and 1 patient developed psychosomatic im-pairment and one girl had autoimmune thyroid disease. Conclusions Herein we presented several associated conditions in our cohort of 100 SGA born children from Macedonia. Mostly of them, 65 % did not achieved catch up growth after 2nd year and remained short. ER  - 
Comparison of the clinical and biochemical profile of metabolic syndrome between obese children below and above 10-years old attending paediatric clinic hospital universiti Sains Malaysia from 2006 to 2015; Objectives. We aim to compare the clinical and biochemical profile of metabolic syndrome between obese children below and above 10 years attending Paediatric clinic Hospital Universiti Sains Malaysia (HUSM) from 2006 to 2015. This is to determine if age, particularly the transition to puberty, modifies the prevalence of components of metabolic syndrome in obese children. Methodology. The medical records of 84 obese children under 18 years of age seen at Paediatric clinic HUSM from 2006 to 2015 were reviewed. Demographic (age, gender, ethnicity), anthropometric (weight and height), clinical [body mass index (BMI), systolic blood pressure (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP)] and biochemical [serum total cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (TG), high density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C), low density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C), fasting plasma glucose (FPG)] parameters were recorded, analyzed and compared. Results. Majority of subjects in both age groups were boys, with 68.2% <10 years old. Mean age was 9.69 years (±3.36). The clinical and biochemical parameters of metabolic syndrome were similar between those <10 years old and >10 years, with the exception of BMI, waist circumference, SBP and TG level. Multivariate regression analysis showed that the parameters of metabolic syndrome significantly associated with age ≥10 years were systolic hypertension (adjusted OR 7.17, 95% CI, 1.48 to 34.8) and BMI >30 kg/m2 (adjusted OR 3.02, 95% CI, 1.16 to 7.86). Conclusion. There were similar clinical and biochemical parameters of metabolic syndrome in both age groups. The proportions of children with metabolic syndrome were similar regardless of age group. The overall prevalence rate of metabolic syndrome was 27.3%. In view of the alarming presence of components of metabolic syndrome even in children less than 10 years of age, efforts aimed at the prevention of childhood obesity in the community should be intensified. ER  - 
Girls with a history of premature adrenarche have advanced growth and pubertal development at the age of 12 years; Background: Premature adrenarche (PA) has been linked to early thelarche and menarche, but longitudinal data on growth and pubertal development after PA are insufficient. Methods: Growth and pubertal development of mostly full-term and appropriate for gestational age-born 43 PA (36 girls) and 63 control children (52 girls) were analyzed prospectively. Children examined first at the mean age of 7.6 years were reexamined at the mean age of 12.0 years. Results: The PA girls but not the boys were taller and had higher body mass index (BMI) than the controls. A higher proportion of the PA than control girls had reached menarche, while the same percentage of the PA and control boys were at Tanner genital stage =2. The PA girls with premature pubarche (PP) were taller but not heavier and had more often reached menarche by the age of 12 years than the PA girls without PP. The PA girls with menarche had lower birth length (BL) and higher prepubertal insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) concentrations compared with non-menarcheal PA girls. In logistic regression analyses for all girls, lower BL standard deviation score, earlier maternal menarche, and higher prepubertal IGF-1 were independently associated with menarche. Conclusion: At 12 years of age, the PA girls had higher BMI, advanced linear growth, and accelerated pubertal development with earlier menarche than the control girls. The PA girls with PP were taller and had earlier menarche than the PA girls without PP. Lower BL and higher prepubertal IGF-1 concentration were predictive factors for menarche by the age of 12 years. ER  - 
Effects of 1-year growth hormone replacement therapy on thyroid volume and function of the children and adolescents with idiopathic growth hormone deficiency; There are different opinions about the effects of growth hormone replacement therapy (GHRT) on thyroid function and volume. This study aimed to assess the effects of GHRT on thyroid volume and function in the children and adolescents with growth hormone (GH) deficiency. A total of 29 patients diagnosed with GH deficiency were enrolled in the study. The control group consisted of 29 cases matched for age, gender and pubertal period with the patients. Thyroid function tests and insulin-like growth factor levels were measured, simultaneously thyroid volumes were assessed by ultrasonography at the initiation period and at the end of GHRT. Thyroid volumes of the patient group was -0.55±1.1 standard deviations (SDs) initially; whereas at the end of 1 year it was found to be -0.29±1.29 SDs and both SDs of thyroid volumes did not differ significantly. The SDs of thyroid volume of the control group was -0.85±1.03 SDs initially and -0.72±0.85 SDs at the end of 1 year; and they did not differ significantly. On the other hand, after GHRT of 1 year, thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH) and free thyroxine (T4) levels decreased. It was observed that SDs of thyroid gland volumes did not change in GH deficient children and adolescents after GHRT. ER  - 
Pure endoscopic management of epileptogenic hypothalamic hamartomas; Hypothalamic hamartomas (HH) are rare congenital malformations located in the region of the tuber cinereum and third ventricle. Their usual clinical presentation is characterized by gelastic/dacrystic seizures which often become pharmaco-resistant and progress to secondary focal/generalized intractable epilepsy causing mostly in children cognitive and behavioral problems (particularly in cases of progressive epileptic encephalopathy) and precocious puberty. Whereas gelastic seizures can be surgically controlled either by resection of the lesion or disconnection (tissue-destructive) procedures, aimed at functionally prevent the spreading of the epileptic burst; generalized seizures tend to respond better to HH excision rather than isolated neocortical resections, which generally fail to control them. Prospective analysis of 14 consecutive patients harboring HH treated in an 8-year period; 12 patients had unilateral and two bilateral HH. All patients were managed by pure endoscopic excision of the HH. The mean operative time was 48 min and mean hospital stay was 2 days; perioperative blood loss was negligible in all cases. Two patients showed a transient diabetes insipidus (DI); no transient or permanent postoperative neurological deficit or memory impairment was recorded. Complete HH excision was achieved in 10/14 patients. At a mean follow-up of 48 months, no wound infection, meningitis, postoperative hydrocephalus, and/or mortality were recorded in this series of patients. Eight patients became seizure free (Engel class I), 2 other experienced worthwhile improvement of disabling seizures (Engel class II); 2 patients were cured from gelastic attacks while still experiencing focal dyscognitive seizures; and 2, having bilateral HH (both undergoing unilateral HH excision), did not experience significant improvement and required later on a temporal lobectomy coupled to amygdalohyppocampectomy. Overall, the followings resulted to be predictive factors for better outcomes in terms of seizure control: (1) cases of unilateral, Delalande class B, HH, (2) shorter history of epilepsy. Endoscopic resection of HH proved, in our series, to be effective in achieving complete control or in reducing the frequency of seizures. Furthermore, this approach has confirmed its minimally invasive nature with a very low morbidity rate: of note, it allowed to better preserve short-term memory and hypothalamic function. ER  - 
Racial and ethnic differences among children with new-onset autoimmune Type 1 diabetes; Aim: To compare demographic and clinical characteristics among children from ethnic minorities and non-Hispanic white children with new-onset autoimmune Type 1 diabetes. Methods: We analysed a single-centre series of 712 children with new-onset autoimmune Type 1 diabetes between January 2008 and March 2011. The median (range) age was 9.7 (0.3–18.1) years, the mean (sd) BMI percentile was 69.7 (25.4) and 48.3% of the cohort were girls. The cohort comprised 57.3% non-Hispanic white, 20.5% Hispanic and 14.8% African-American children, and 7.4% were of other, mixed or unknown race. Results: The Hispanic subgroup, compared with non-Hispanic white subgroup, had a higher mean (sd) C-peptide level [0.82 (1.62) vs 0.55 (0.47) ng/ml; P=0.004), and a greater proportion of children with elevated BMI (overweight or obesity; 49.6% vs 32.5%; P<0.001) and diabetic ketoacidosis (51.8% vs 38.2%; P=0.006). The African-American group had a higher mean (sd) glucose level [24.4 (12.8) vs 21.4 (10.7) mmol/l; P=0.017], a greater proportion of children with ketoacidosis (56.7% vs 38.2%; P=0.001), a greater proportion with elevated BMI (52.9% vs 32.5%; P<0.001), and a lower proportion of children at pre-pubertal stage (49.0% vs 61.6%; P=0.01), and tended to have higher C-peptide levels [0.65 (0.59) vs 0.55 [0.47] ng/ml; P=0.079) compared with the non-Hispanic white children. The differences in C-peptide levels compared with non-Hispanic white children persisted for Hispanic (P=0.01) but not African-American children (P=0.29) after adjustment for age, sex, BMI, ketoacidosis, glucose, Tanner stage and autoantibody number. Conclusion: At the onset of paediatric autoimmune Type 1 diabetes, Hispanic, but not African-American children had higher C-peptide levels, after adjustment for potential confounders, compared with non-Hispanic white children. These findings suggest that ethnicity may contribute to the heterogeneity of Type 1 diabetes pathogenesis, with possible implications for intervention. ER  - 
The Impact of Adolescent Obesity on Adult Height; Background: Childhood obesity is a major health concern. Excess adiposity during childhood affects growth and puberty. Our aim was to assess whether genetic adult height is compromised in adolescents with obesity. Methods: In a retrospective study of 190 obese patients followed at our Pediatric Endocrinology Institute, adult height and delta height (the difference between adult height and mid-parental height) were compared to those of 150 healthy age-matched normal-weight controls. Review of medical files yielded the relevant clinical and anthropometric data of patients, controls, and parents. Results: Of the 190 obese adolescents, 150 were morbidly obese. The median adult height of morbidly obese males was 174.3 cm, of obese males 174 cm, and of normal-weight males 176 cm (p = 0.025). Delta height of morbidly obese males was-0.5 cm, of obese males-0.8 cm, and of normal-weight males, 3 cm (p < 0.0001). The median adult height of morbidly obese females was 161.3 cm, of obese females 162.8 cm, and of normal-weight females 162 cm (p = 0.37). Delta height of morbidly obese females was-1.85 cm, of obese females-0.95 cm, and of normal-weight females 0.7 cm (p = 0.019). Impairment of potential genetic height was not associated with obesity-related comorbidities. Conclusion: Adolescents with obesity showed impairment of potential genetic adult height as compared to that of normal-weight subjects. ER  - 
KLB, encoding β-Klotho, is mutated in patients with congenital hypogonadotropic hypogonadism; Congenital hypogonadotropic hypogonadism (CHH) is a rare genetic form of isolated gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) deficiency caused by mutations in > 30 genes. Fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 (FGFR1) is the most frequently mutated gene in CHH and is implicated in GnRH neuron development and maintenance. We note that a CHH FGFR1 mutation (p.L342S) decreases signaling of the metabolic regulator FGF21 by impairing the association of FGFR1 with β-Klotho (KLB), the obligate co-receptor for FGF21. We thus hypothesized that the metabolic FGF21/KLB/FGFR1 pathway is involved in CHH. Genetic screening of 334 CHH patients identified seven heterozygous loss-of-function KLB mutations in 13 patients (4%). Most patients with KLB mutations (9/13) exhibited metabolic defects. In mice, lack of Klb led to delayed puberty, altered estrous cyclicity, and subfertility due to a hypothalamic defect associated with inability of GnRH neurons to release GnRH in response to FGF21. Peripheral FGF21 administration could indeed reach GnRH neurons through circumventricular organs in the hypothalamus. We conclude that FGF21/KLB/FGFR1 signaling plays an essential role in GnRH biology, potentially linking metabolism with reproduction. ER  - 
Increased Non-High-Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol in Children and Young Adults with Turner Syndrome Is Not Explained by BMI Alone; Background: Turner syndrome (TS) is associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease. Non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (non-HDL-C) is a convenient measure of atherogenicity (normal concentration <120 mg/dL) but has not been investigated in TS. We aim to evaluate non-HDL-C patterns in a cohort of pediatric and young adult females with TS. Methods: A retrospective chart review was used to obtain demographics, body composition, genetic reports, and lipid profiles in females with TS. Results: Lipid profiles were assessed in 158 females (mean age 13.6 years). Mean non-HDL-C was 118.9 mg/dL (±32.0); the prevalence of high non-HDL-C (≥144 mg/dL) was 17.7% (n = 28). In TS females aged 8-17 years (n = 46), the prevalence of high non-HDL-C was 23.9% (95% CI 11.1-36.7; n = 11) between 2011 and 2012, compared to 9.2% (95% CI 5.6-14.1) in females of the same age in the general population reported in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) dataset (p < 0.005). Body mass index (BMI) accounted for only 6% of variance in non-HDL-C values (β coefficient = 1.31, p < 0.05). Conclusions: Children and adolescents aged 8-17 years with TS appear to have a greater prevalence of adverse non-HDL-C levels compared to the general adolescent population. The prevalence of high non-HDL-C was not fully explained by BMI. ER  - 
Two-year recombinant human growth hormone (rhGH) treatment is more effective in pre-pubertal compared to pubertal short children with X-linked hypophosphatemic rickets (XLHR); Context Twenty-five to 40% of patients with well-controlled X-linked hypophosphatemic rickets (XLHR) have a final height under − 2 SDS. Previous studies have shown that recombinant human growth hormone (rhGH) treatment improves linear growth in short children with XLHR. Objective We studied the effectiveness of rhGH treatment in children with XLHR in a larger cohort. Design Monocentric, prospective, non-randomized trial. Setting University hospital in France. Patients 19 patients with XLHR and a mutation in the PHEX gene. Six male and 6 female Tanner stage 1 patients (age 6.1 ± 2.4 years) and 4 male and 3 female Tanner stage 2 patients (age 13.1 ± 1 years). At inclusion, height SDS was − 2.35 ± 0.8 SDS and growth velocity was − 1.12 ± 1.2 SDS. Intervention 2 years of treatment with 67 mcg/kg/day of rhGH at initiation. Every three months rhGH dosage was adjusted using an IGF-1 dosing protocol. Main outcome measures Comparison in change from baseline to year 2 in height and growth velocity. Results Height SDS improved from − 2.35 ± 0.8 SDS at baseline, to − 1.62 ± 0.8 SDS (p = 0.01) after one and to − 1.2 ± 1 SDS (p = 0.04) after two years of rhGH treatment. There was a strong correlation (r2 = 0.6104, p < 0.0001) between the age of onset of rhGH treatment and the number of cm gained over the study period. Pre-pubertal patients height SDS improved compared to baseline height SDS after one (− 1.5 ± 0.7, p < 0.03) and two (− 0.96 ± 1, p < 0.03) years of rhGH treatment. In pubertal patients there was no significant improvement in height SDS after one year (− 1.75 ± 1) and after two years (− 1.7 ± 0.8) of rhGH treatment. Conclusion Two-year rhGH treatment is effective to treat short stature in XLHR children. Pre-pubertal children responded better to rhGH. Clinical trial registration number NCT02720770 ER  - 
Growth impairment and gonadal axis abnormalities are common in survivors of paediatric brain tumours; Aim: Childhood brain tumour survivors have a high risk of endocrine morbidity. This study evaluated the growth, pubertal development and gonadal function in survivors of childhood brain tumours and identified factors associated with the problems we observed. Methods: The 52 subjects (52% male) were diagnosed in 1983–1997 and treated for brain tumours at Tampere University Hospital, Finland. They were followed up at a mean age of 14.2 (3.8–28.7) years, a mean of 7.5 (1.5–15.1) years after diagnosis. Results: We found that 30 (58%) participants had a lower height standard deviation score at follow-up than at diagnosis and short stature at follow-up was associated with tumour malignancy (p = 0.005), radiotherapy (p = 0.004), chemotherapy (p = 0.024), growth hormone deficiency (p < 0.001), hypogonadism (p = 0.044) and delayed puberty (p = 0.021). We found that five needed sex hormones to induce puberty, one had precocious puberty, 12 (23%) had growth hormone deficiency and eight (22%) of the 36 pubertal or postpubertal patients had hypogonadism. Testicular volume was low in 83% of late or postpubertal male survivors. Conclusion: Growth impairment, growth hormone deficiency and hypogonadism were common in childhood brain tumour survivors and low testicular volume was also common in male survivors. Lifelong annual follow-up checks are indicated for survivors. ER  - 
Height Increment and Laboratory Profile of Boys Treated with Aromatase Inhibitors with or Without Growth Hormone; Aromatase inhibitors (AIs) have been used to recover height loss due to their capacity to delay growth plate closure. Long-term studies describing final heights are needed to determine the efficacy and safety profiles of these drugs for the treatment of impaired growth. This study aims to identify the therapeutic efficiency of AIs in improve growth and to describe potential adverse effects during treatment. Retrospective data analysis of 96 adolescents, among which 22 patients already attained near-final height, were followed at outpatient clinics of two referral centers. Patients were all in puberty and present idiopathic decrease in predicted adult height. Patients were treated with Anastrozole (ANZ: 1 mg/day) or Letrozole (LTZ: 2.5 mg/day) with/without recombinant human growth hormone (0.05 mg/kg/day) for 1.0 to 3.5 years (2.1±1.2 years). Height gain, body mass index, lipid, liver enzyme, gonadotropins and testosterone levels were described before and at the end of treatment. Predicted adult height (PAH) and NF height were compared with the TH. The height SDS (adjusted to bone age) significantly increased (p<0.05) in all groups [0.8±0.7 (ANZ), 0.7±0.7 (ANZ+GH), 0.3±0.5 (LTZ), and 1.2±0.8 (LTZ+GH)]; the latter group exhibited the highest increment of PAH and growth recovery to the TH (p<0.004). No significant side effects were observed. AI treatment, especially when used in association with GH was able to improve growth and the attainment of familial target height. ER  - 
Disconnection vs excision? A ten year review of hypothalamic hamartomas; OBJECTIVE:Hypothalamic hamartomas (HH) are rare tumors of childhood. They are usually associated with gelastic seizures. The optimal management of these tumors lacks a consensus. We present our experience with hypothalamic hamartomas over a ten year period. MATERIAL-METHODS:This study presents a retrospective review of 16 patients with HH's treated between 2002 and 2012 at the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS), New Delhi, India, a tertiary care neurosurgical centre. RESULTS:There were 16 patients with an age ranging from 1.5 years to 20 years and included 9 males and 7 females. The most common symptom was seizures (81%; gelastic seizures-62.5%) followed by precocious puberty (56.2%). The median tumor volume was 5.9 cc (range 1.3 to 108 cc). Fourteen patients underwent surgery while two were managed conservatively. Three patients received secondary Gamma Knife therapy. A good seizure outcome (Engel class I and II) post surgery was seen in 8 (50%) patients. The median follow up period was 39 months (range 1 to 114 months). The odds ratio for a better seizure outcome was 2.5 times more in disconnection than for excision. The symptoms of precocious puberty had resolved in 7 of the 9 affected patients (78%). Transient diabetes insipidus was seen in one (6.2%) patient postoperatively while hyperphagia was noted in four (25%) patients. Hyperphagia persisted in all four patients until last follow up. CONCLUSIONS:HHs present with gelastic seizures or precocious puberty. Disconnection of the HH is more effective and a safer procedure vis-a-vis excision for controlling seizures. ER  - 
Dietary patterns exhibit sex-specific associations with adiposity and metabolic risk in a cross-sectional study in urban Mexican adolescents; Background: Studies in Western nations have shown associations of certain dietary patterns with obesity and metabolic risk in youth. Little is known about these relations in newly industrialized countries where obesity prevalence is surpassing those of developed countries. Objective: We sought to characterize dietary patterns in a cross-sectional study in 224 adolescents aged 8-14 y in Mexico and to investigate associations of the dietary patterns with adiposity and metabolic risk. Methods:We used principal components analysis to derive dietary patterns from food-frequency questionnaire data. By using linear regressionmodels that accounted formother's marital status, education, and smoking habits and child's age and physical activity, we examined associations of the dietary patterns with adiposity [body mass index z score, waist circumference, the sum and ratio of the subscapular and triceps skinfold thicknesses, blood pressure, serum fasting glucose and a C-peptide- based measure of insulin resistance (CP-IR), lipid profile, and a metabolic syndrome risk z score (MetS z score)]. Results: We identified a ''prudent'' dietary pattern characterized by high intakes of vegetables, fruit, fish, chicken, and legumes and a ''transitioning'' dietary pattern,which comprises processed meats, Mexican foods, and sweetened beverages. Each unit increase in the prudent pattern factor score corresponded with 0.33 ng/mL (95% CI: 0.09, 0.57 ng/mL) lower C-peptide, 0.08 units (95% CI: 0.02, 0.13 units) lower CP-IR, and a 0.14 unit (0.00, 0.27 unit) lower MetS z score in boys. In girls, the transitioning pattern corresponded with higher subscapular + triceps skinfold thickness (per 1-unit increase in the factor score: 2.46 mm; 95% CI: 0.10, 4.81 mm). These results did not change after accounting for pubertal status. Conclusions: A prudent dietary pattern was protective against metabolic risk in adolescent boys, whereas a transitioning dietary pattern corresponded with higher adiposity among adolescent girls. Given that adolescence is a key developmental period for long-term health, efforts to elucidate dietary determinants of metabolic risk during this life stage may have longterm benefits. ER  - 
Metabolomics allows the discrimination of the pathophysiological relevance of hyperinsulinism in obese prepubertal children; Background/Objectives:Insulin resistance (IR) is the cornerstone of the obesity-associated metabolic derangements observed in obese children. Targeted metabolomics was employed to explore the pathophysiological relevance of hyperinsulinemia in childhood obesity in order to identify biomarkers of IR with potential clinical application.Subjects/Methods:One hundred prepubertal obese children (50 girls/50 boys, 50% IR and 50% non-IR in each group), underwent an oral glucose tolerance test for usual carbohydrate and lipid metabolism determinations. Fasting serum leptin, total and high molecular weight-adiponectin and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (CRP) levels were measured and the metabolites showing significant differences between IR and non-IR groups in a previous metabolomics study were quantified. Enrichment of metabolic pathways (quantitative enrichment analysis) and the correlations between lipid and carbohydrate metabolism parameters, adipokines and serum metabolites were investigated, with their discriminatory capacity being evaluated by receiver operating characteristic (ROC) analysis.Results:Twenty-three metabolite sets were enriched in the serum metabolome of IR obese children (P<0.05, false discovery rate (pFDR)<5%). The urea cycle, alanine metabolism and glucose-alanine cycle were the most significantly enriched pathways (P FDR <0.00005). The high correlation between metabolites related to fatty acid oxidation and amino acids (mainly branched chain and aromatic amino acids) pointed to the possible contribution of mitochondrial dysfunction in IR. The degree of body mass index-standard deviation score (BMI-SDS) excess did not correlate with any of the metabolomic components studied. In the ROC analysis, the combination of leptin and alanine showed a high IR discrimination value in the whole cohort (area under curve, AUC ALL =0.87), as well as in boys (AUC M= 0.84) and girls (AUC F =0.91) when considered separately. However, the specific metabolite/adipokine combinations with highest sensitivity were different between the sexes.Conclusions:Combined sets of metabolic, adipokine and metabolomic parameters can identify pathophysiological relevant IR in a single fasting sample, suggesting a potential application of metabolomic analysis in clinical practice to better identify children at risk without using invasive protocols. ER  - 
Leptin-adiponectin imbalance as a marker of metabolic syndrome among Chinese children and adolescents: The BCAMS study; Purpose: Leptin and adiponectin have opposite effects on subclinical inflammation and insulin resistance, both involved in the development of metabolic syndrome (MS). We aimed to investigate whether leptin/adiponectin ratio (L/A), as a marker of these two adipokines imbalance, may improve diagnosis of MS in children and adolescents, and determined its cut-off value in the diagnosis of MS. Methods: A total of 3,428 subjects aged 6–18 years were selected from Beijing Child and Adolescent Metabolic Syndrome study. Adipokine leptin and adiponectin were measured using enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. Odds ratio of MS per 1 z-score of adipokine was examined using logistic regression. Diagnosis accuracy was assessed using c-statistics (AUC) and net reclassification index. Results: The levels of leptin and L/A increased with number of positive MS components, while the levels of adiponectin declined in both boys and girls (all P <0.001). AUCs for diagnosis of MS in girls were 0.793, 0.773, and 0.689 using L/A, leptin and adiponectin, respectively; and AUCs in boys were 0.822, 0.798, and 0.697 for L/A, leptin and adiponectin, respectively. Notably, L/A outperformed individual leptin or adiponectin in discriminating a diagnosis of MS (all P < 0.02 in AUC comparisons). In addition, the optimal cut-offs of L/A by ROC curve differed by genders and pubertal stages, which were 1.63, 1.28, 1.95 and 1.53 ng/ug for total, pre-, mid- and postpubertal boys, respectively and 2.19, 0.87,1.48 and 2.27 ng/ug for total, pre-, mid- and postpubertal girls, respectively, yielding high sensitivity and moderate specificity for a screening test. Conclusions: In this pediatric population, leptin-adiponectin imbalance, as reflected by an increase in L/A level, was found to be a better diagnostic biomarker for MS than leptin or adiponectin alone. Future longitudinal studies are needed to further validate the gender-specific cutoff values. ER  - 
The association between serum brain-derived neurotrophic factor and a cluster of cardiovascular risk factors in adolescents: The CHAMPS-study DK; Background and objective: Cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes pose a global health burden. Therefore, clarifying the pathology of these risk factors is essential. Previous studies have found positive and negative associations between one or more cardiovascular risk factors and brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) probably due to diverse methodological approaches when ana-lysing peripheral BDNF levels. Moreover, only a few studies have been performed in youth populations. Consequently, the main objective of this study was to examine the association between serum BDNF and a composite z-score consisting of six cardiovascular risk factors. A secondary aim was to examine the associations between serum BDNF and each of the six risk factors. Methods: Four hundred and forty-seven apparently healthy adolescents between 11-17 years of age participated in this cross-sectional study. Cardiorespiratory fitness (CRF), anthropometrics, pubertal status, blood pressure (BP), serum BDNF, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), triglyceride (TG), blood glucose and insulin were measured. Information about alcohol consumption and socio-economic status was collected via questionnaires. Associations were modelled using linear regression analysis. Results: Serum BDNF was positively associated with the composite z-score in the total study sample (standardized beta coefficient (std.β) = 0.10, P = 0.037). In males, serum BDNF was positively associated with the composite z-score (Std. β = 0.14, P = 0.034) and HOMA-IR (Std. β = 0.19, P = 0.004), and negatively associated with CRF (Std. β = -0.15, P = 0.026). In females, BDNF was positively associated with TG (Std. β = 0.14, P = 0.030) and negatively associated with waist circumference (WC) (Std. β = -0.16, P = 0.012). Conclusion: Serum BDNF was positively associated with a composite z-score of cardiovascular risk factors. This association seems to be mainly driven by the association between TG, HOMA-IR and serum BDNF, and particularly for males. Further longitudinal research is warranted to determine the temporal relationship between BDNF and cardiovascular risk factors. ER  - 
Selective IgA deficiency in children: Is it really a benign disease?; Introduction: Selective IgA deficiency (SIgAD) is the most common primary immunodeficiency. Although the majority of patients are asymptomatic, some may present with allergies, autoimmunities, recurrent infections, neoplasia or progress to Common Variable Immunodeficiency (CVID). Objective: To evaluate the frequency of allergies, autoimmune manifes-tations, neoplasia and progression to CVID in children and adolescents with SIgAD. Methods: Retrospective analysis of medical records of patients diagnosed with SIgAD followed at Allergy and Immunology Clinic of Instituto da Criança-FMUSP from 2016 to2017. SIgAD was defined asthe presence of serum IgA levels persistently lower than 7 mg/dL in children older than 4 years with exclusion of other immunologic abnormalities. Results: We included 38 patients (20 M) aged 4-20 years (median 15.3 years). The median age at diagnosis was 6.41y (4-14y) and the median time of follow-up was 8.5y (4mo-18y3mo). A single female patient developed CVID at the age of 18. Autoimmunities were diagnosed in 23.7 % of the patients (9/38): Hashimotós thyroiditis n = 3, Graves' disease n = 1; unspecified thyroiditis n = 1; type I Diabetes Mellitus n = 1; Juvenile Idiopathic Arthritis n = 1; Vitiligo n = 1; Systemic Lupus Erythematosus (SLE) n = 1 and celiac disease n = 1; one female patient had Hashimoto thyroiditis and SLE. The median age of the diagnosis of autoimmunities was 6.9 years (2-14 years). Isolated antinuclear antibodies (ANA) were found in 5 patients. Neoplasia oc-curred in 7.9 % of patients (3/38): Hodgkin's lymphoma (n = 1) and histiocytosis (n = 2). The patient with Hodgkin's lymphoma also had Hashimoto's thyroiditis and SLE. Food allergy was absent in our cohort. Asthma was present in 52.6 % (20/38), allergic rhinitis in 73.7 % (28/38) and eczema in 21.0 % (8/38). Short stature was evidenced in 3 patients and precocious puberty in 2. No deaths were reported. Discussion: Although known as frequently asymptomatic, in our cohort of SigAD patients more than 70 % were allergic. Despite studying mainly children, we found a high prevalence of autoimmunity and neoplasia. This demonstrates that complications were neither uncommon nor always mild. Early diagnosis and close monitoring since childhood are critical to improve prognosis. ER  - 
Using immune and metabolic phenotyping to understand the immunopathogenesis of juvenile-onset SLE and stratify patient groups; Background/Purpose: Juvenile-onset systemic lupus erythematosus (JSLE) is an autoimmune disorder characterized by immune cell dysregulation, chronic inflammation and increased cardiovascular risk. Disease onset dominates mid-puberty and the female to male ratio is 4.5:1, suggesting a hormonal importance in disease pathogenesis. JSLE patients have more aggressive disease, more major organ involvement and increased standardised mortality ratios compared to patients with adult-onset SLE yet research into JSLE is uncommon. Our previous findings show that defects in immune cell lipid metabolism contribute to disease pathogenesis in adult-onset SLE. However, in JSLE little is known about the immune profile or whether abnormal lipid metabolism also contributes to pathogenesis. Here we performed in depth immune and metabolic profiling in a cohort of JSLE patients and age and gender matched healthy donors (HCs). Methods: Flow cytometry was carried out using two 15-colour panels to immune-phenotype peripheral blood mononuclear cells from 39 healthy donors (HCs, 17 male, 22 female, mean age 18) and 35 JSLE patients (12 male, 23 female, mean age 19). Data was analysed by cluster and phenotype-phenotype correlation. Flow cytometry was also used to measure functional and metabolic marker expression on immune cell subsets. Data was correlated with clinical assessments of disease. Results: Patients with JSLE were characterised by increased naïve and decreased memory B-cell and T-cell subsets and increased monocyte frequency (p=0.0013) compared to HCs. Furthermore, phenotype-phenotype correlation analysis identified differential associations between naïve and memory immune cell subtypes when comparing the HC and JSLE cohorts. CD4+ and CD8+ T-cells from JSLE patients had elevated membrane lipid raft (p=0.0185, p=0.0087) and glucose transport receptor (GLUT-1) (p=0.0205, p=0.0017) expression suggesting that they were more metabolically active. Metabolic defects were also found in monocytes and plasmacytoid dendritic cells. The expression of these metabolic markers on different subsets correlated with cell frequency suggesting a role of cell metabolism in driving the JSLE phenotype. Furthermore the metabolic immune-phenotype in JSLE correlated positively with disease activity, erythrocyte sedimentation rate and dsDNA titre and negatively with complement protein C3 supporting the hypothesis that altered metabolism is associated with JSLE development and severity. Unsupervised hierarchical cluster analysis of patient clinical data revealed that JSLE patients in this cohort could be stratified into 5 groups each with a unique clinical identity mainly associated with disease activity markers and the presence of anti-cardiolipin antibodies. Each group had a unique immune-phenotype and metabolic profile. Conclusion: Differences in the metabolic profiles of immune cell subsets in JSLE contribute to disease pathogenesis and severity. Cellular metabolic regulators may therefore have therapeutic benefit for JSLE patients. Defining these patient groups further may help to determine the therapeutic benefit of these and other therapeutics and allow for the treatment patients in a more effective and personalised manner. ER  - 
Visceral and subcutaneous adipose tissue measurements associate with increased metabolic risk for NAFLD in pre-pubertal obese children; Background: Reliable non-invasive biomarkers for hepatic steatosis, fibrosis and progressive NAFLD are urgently needed in children. Magnetic resonance elastography (MRE), proton density fat fraction (PDFF), visceral adipose tissue (VAT) and subcutaneous adipose tissue (SAT) area have the potential to identify children at increased risk for NAFLD, progressive fibrosis and poor outcomes. The aim of our study was to define the utility of non-invasive imaging biomarkers for NAFLD/NASH in pre-pubertal children. Methods: We conducted a single-center, case-control study of children registered in the Duke Newborn Epigenetic Study and defined cases as children “at risk” for NAFLD as born to women with pre-pregnancy BMI < 30 kg/m2. We collected clinical, physical exam and anthropomorphic data, labs, MRE, PDFF, VAT and SAT area, liver stiffness measurements (LSM) and controlled attenuation parameter (CAP) using FibroScan on all children. Data were summarized descriptively. We assessed differences between obese/overweight (OOW) and normal weight children using nonparametric tests. Results: We enrolled 34 children (median age 9.4yrs (IQR:8.4-9.7)), 47% boys, 44% White/Non-Hispanic). MR, LSM and CAP measures were successfully obtained in 28, 33, and 26 children respectively without sedation. 53% of children were OOW (BMI≤85th%tile) and 7 had pre-hypertension (HTN) or HTN. OOW children's mothers were significantly more obese pre-pregnancy than normal weight children's mothers (median BMI:45 vs. 23kg/m2, p<0.01). OOW children had significantly higher HbA1c (5.7% vs. 5.1%, p<0.01), higher ALT (18 vs. 14, p<0.01) and lower HDL (54 vs. 69, p=0.04). Table 1 shows the imaging comparisons by children's BMI categories. As BMI increased, SAT and VAT increased significantly. CAP and PDFF were higher in obese children, but did not reach statistical significance. No difference was observed in LSM across BMI groups. Conclusions: Maternal obesity is a risk factor for childhood obesity. While no difference in hepatic stiffness was observed with increasing BMI in pre-pubertal children, measures of VAT and SAT were associated with obesity and increased metabolic risk, and thus may identify young children at increased risk for NAFLD/NASH. ER  - 
Insulin resistance in children with obesity; The prevalence of insulin resistance(IR) is increasing in highly developed countries. Obesity and unhealthy lifestyle participate in pathogenesis of IR. IR predisposes to glucose intolerance, hyperlipidemia and hypertension. The aim of the study was to compare the various indirect IR indicators in children with obesity and their association with components of metabolic syndrome (MS) and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Study group and Methods: 151 patients with obesity aged 9-18 years,BMI≥95pc, without any additional diseases and drugs affecting metabolic state. Height, body weight, waist circumference and blood pressure were measured. 2-hours OGTT was performed. Lipids, HbA1, hepatic enzymes were determined. NAFLD was evaluated on base of USG. Body composition was determined by bioimpedance. MS was diagnosed according to IDF definition. IR was determined by HOMA-IR (>2.5 and adjusted to sex and puberty),QUICKI Index (QI< 0.34), Insulinemia/glycaemia Index (I/GI>0.3), Matsuda Index (MI< 2.5). Results: Among 151 patients (85 boys, age13.5 ± 2.5 years), IR was found in 100 (54.3%) children based on HOMA-IR (IR>2,5), and adjusted to sex and puberty in 53 (28.8%) children, 104 (56.5%) based on QI and 102 (55.4%) according to MI. Only in 25 (13.6%) children IR were diagnosed with I/GI. The positive correlation was observed between all IR indexes and TG, AlAT, BMI z-score and daytime systolic BP (24 ABPM) and between I/GI Index and MI with HDL. NAFLD was diagnosed in 26 (17,2%) and MS -in 39 patients (25.8%). Among patients with IR more often occurs NAFLD but not MS. There was no association between IR and fat tissue, but I/GI and MI correlated with the amount of visceral fat tissue. Conclusions: IR was reported in half of the children with obesity. The incidence of IR is not associated with a higher prevalence of metabolic syndrome but with a higher prevalence of hyperTG, higher AlAT levels and NAFLD. In children with IR screening to NAFLD should be performed. ER  - 
Impact of puberty and long term glycaemic control from diabetes onset on incidence of simplex and proliferative retinopathy in type 1 diabetes: The VISS-study; Objective: Glycemic control and diabetes duration are well known risk factors for diabetic retinopathy but there is evidence that the effect of duration is not uniform. Our aim was to evaluate sex, onset in relation to puberty and HbA1c followed from diagnosis and categorized in different time periods as risk factors for developing diabetic simplex and proliferative retinopathy. Method: An unselected population of 451 patients diagnosed with type 1 diabetes before the age of 35 years during 1983-1987 in the region of South East Sweden was followed. Long term weighted mean HbA1c (wHbA1c) from diagnosis and during the whole follow up of 20 - 25 years was calculated and categorized in different time periods. Retinopathy was evaluated by fundus photography. Life table and Cox regression were used for the analysis. Result: Onset before puberty was associated with prolonged time to appearance of simplex retinopathy but not of proliferative retinopathy. In Cox regression analysis wHbA1c first 5 years and long term wHbA1c, puberty but not sex were associated with development of simplex retinopathy whereas only long term wHbA1c was associated with proliferative retinopathy. Conclusion: Diabetes onset before puberty requires longer duration to develop simplex but not proliferative retinopathy. Long term wHbA1c was the most important risk factor for development of proliferative retinopathy whereas wHbA1c during the first 5 years or during different periods of puberty had no influence. (Figure Presented). ER  - 
Assessment of quality of care in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus in diabetes clinic, children's hospital, Ain Shams University; Introduction: Assessing the quality of diabetes care is of outmost value in guiding resources and redirecting therapy. Objectives: This study aimed to assess the quality of care and patients satisfaction in children and adolescents with T1DM attending the diabetes clinic of Children's hospital, Ain Shams University. Patients and Methods: This study included 400 patients (240 female and 160 males), their ages ranged from 2 to 17 years. Data were collected from: Patients' medical records and two questionnaires to assess quality of diabetes care and its outcome and patients satisfaction in the last year. Evaluation of the eight quality indicators of diabetes care was also done. Results: 8% of our patients suffered severe hypoglycemic attacks with frequency of 6.25% in patients younger than 5 yr. 27.8% of patients experienced DKA. 98.1% of patients with height >3rd percentile. 85% with BMI >10th and < 85th percentile. Only 7% of our patients were assessed for pubertal development. Mean HbA1c% was 8.34±1.26%; measured every 3 months in 41% of patients, every 3-6 months in 41.25% and every more than 6 months in 18.75%. 28.5% had good control while 71.5% had poor control. 14.8% of patients had their blood pressure assessed; 5% were hypertensive. 71% of patients underwent screening tests for micro-vascular diseases; 89% were normal and 11% were complicated (84% had microalbuminuria and 16% had retinopathy).82% screened for thyroid diseases; 3.9% had thyroid disease. Celiac screening not done routinely; 0.5% had celiac disease. 13.8% of patients had psychosocial assessment; 3.7% had psychiatric disease. Lipid profile screening was done whenever indicated in 52% of patients and in 23% of patients while not indicated. 2% of patients missed their appointments. The mean patients' satisfaction score was 2.44±0.68, 3.75% were very unsatisfied, 16.5% were unsatisfied, 59.75% were satisfied, and 20.0% were very satisfied with the Quality of Diabetes care provided. ER  - 
International benchmarking in type 1 diabetes: HbA1c increases equally with age, independent of HbA1c at younger age; Objectives: There is a considerable difference in mean HbA1c between countries. Can this be explained by differences between age groups and/or gender? Methods: Data on HbA1c during 2013/14 from 66,071 children < 18 years with type 1 diabetes in eight developed western countries were analysed. Austria (n = 1,583), Germany (n = 20,187), Denmark (n = 1,894), England (n = 21,401), Wales (n = 1,284), Norway (n = 2,321), Sweden (n = 6,524) and USA (n = 10,877). Last available HbA1c and age were included. Results: Within each country, HbA1c was positively associated with increasing age group (p< 0.001), independent of the HbA1c within the younger age group. The pattern was the same in all countries (Fig 1). The increase in mean HbA1c between age group 0-9 yr and 15-17 yr varied between 9.0 mmol/mol in USA and 11.9 in Norway, an inter country difference of 2.9 mmol/mol. The maximum difference in mean HbA1c between genders within each country was 1.6 mmol/mol (England). In the age groups 0-9 and 10-14, the mean HbA1c differences were smaller, while in age group 15-17 girls had higher HbA1c in all countries except Wales. Conclusions: The difference in mean HbA1c between countries could not be explained by age, as the pattern with a pre-pubertal increase and further deterioration during puberty is independent of the country of origin, despite different mean HbA1c levels in the countries. The gender difference in mean HbA1c was most pronounced in the 15-17 yr group, and similar in most countries. (Figure Presented). ER  - 
Growth status of children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes; Objectives: To evaluate the growth and body mass index at diagnosis and the growth velocity at puberty of diabetic children followed in consultation. Patients and Methods: Longitudinal cohort study including children with type 1 diabetes aged 2-18 years followed during the period 2005-2015. Patients with medications other than insulin or comorbidity (celiac disease, hypothyroidism or other chronic disease) were excluded. The analyzed parameters are age, weight, height, body mass index (BMI) for age z score and growth velocity at the pubertal period. Results: One hundred and ninety diabetics patients (90 females) were included. Mean (SD) age was 7.5 ± 3.4 years and mean diabetes duration was 5.7 ± 3.8 years. All the children are on intensive insulin therapy since 2008. The measured height was 150 ± 15 cm (z score of -0.23 ± 0.8) at the time of the examination, 13.1 ± 3.3 years and weight of 47.5 ± 14 kg (z score of 0.11 ± 0.79). The BMI was 20 ± 3.25 kg/m2 (z score of 0.24 ± 0.84). It increased with age and duration of diabetes. Underweight was present in 4 patients and overweight in 4 others during follow-up. Mean height and BMI of children and adolescents at diagnosis were not different from those non-diabetic children according to WHO curves. During adolescence, children who were diagnosed before the age of 5 years (35%) had the lowest growth velocity with a pubertal peak amplitude of 5 cm per year on average while those diagnosed after 10 years (26%) had peak growth velocity with a peak of 7 cm per year on average. Conclusion: Young diabetics at diagnosis are not taller than children without diabetes according to WHO growth curves. Linear growth during follow-up is slightly reduced mainly by a decrease in the amplitude of the pubertal peak especially when diabetes occurs before the age of 5 years. Rigorous monitoring of the growth of diabetic children is essential and its disruption should be considered as a preventable complication. ER  - 
Type 1 diabetes mellitus: Metabolic control before and after puberty; Introduction: Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus (1DM) is the most common endocrine disease in pediatric age. Literature shows worsening of metabolic control in adolescents (with A1c 1% higher (DCCT), mainly due to insulin resistance and psychosocial issues of puberty and with consequent increase of complications. Aim: To compare metabolic control on children with 1DM before and after puberty start. Methods: Retrospective study of all 1DM children followed at our tertiary pediatric hospital. Two control groups were selected according to Tanner pubertal staging: pre-pubertal (stage 1) and pubertal (stage ≥2). Statistical analysis: SPSS21®. Results: There were 245 children/adolescents (51% females) being 160 (65,5%) pubertal. Mean age at diagnosis was 6,7 years (y), with mean disease duration of 5,5y. Comparing pre-pubertal with pubertal groups, there was statistical difference regarding age at diagnosis (4,4y vs 7,9 y, p < 0,001), gender (male 55,6% vs 44,4%, p = 0.048), initial 1DM therapy (multiple daily injections 87,1% vs 60%, p < 0,01), disease duration (3,5 y vs 6,5 y, p < 0,001), Therapy with continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion (60% vs 21,3%, p < 0,001), mean A1c (7,3% vs 7,7%, p = 0,01), mean insulin dosis (0,8 U vs 0,9 U, p < 0,001), mean number glycemias/day (6 vs 5 glycemic evaluations, p < 0,001) e last year microalbuminuria (6,2 ug/ml vs 17,4 ug/ml, p < 0,001). We found no difference on number of severe hypoglycemias or ketoacidosis, lipid profile, blood pressure, BMI sds or number of readmissions. Conclusions: This study showed a greater metabolic control on prepubertal children, associated with more frequent monitoring and better treatment compliance, which probably reflects parental control. We empathize the necessity of reinforcing education and motivational skills on pubertal age. ER  - 
Metformin therapy in T1D adolescents with insulin resistance; Objectives: To access the efficacy of metformin as an adjunct to insulin treatment on glycaemic and cardiometabolic control in T1D adolescents with insulin resistance. Methods: Six months prospective study in 39 insulin resistant (≥1U/ Kg/day) adolescents (Tanner stage ≥2), with HbA1c < 10%, and ≥1 year into T1D diagnosis. Metformin dose was previously built up during 4 weeks: from 500mg/day to 2g/day. Anthropometrics, metabolic control, total daily insulin (TDI), and estimated insulin sensitivity (eIS), at baseline and at 6 months were compared. eIS was calculated according to the Coronary Artery Calcification in T1D clump study. Statistical significance was set at p < 0.05. Results: Patients were 62% male, and 92% white; median age was 14.6 (12-18) years; 28% had first-degree relatives with T2D; 21% were either SGA or LGA. At baseline: 27% were overweight, 10% were obese, 8% met IDF metabolic syndrome criteria, 39% were sedentary, 15% were smokers, mean HbA1c was 7.8 ±1.9%, and median T1D duration was 6.5 (1.3-14.5) years. All were on MDI and median TDI was 1.4 (1.2-2.2)U/Kg/day. None had hypertension or microvascular complications. During the study, some patients reported mild gastrointestinal upset, but none withdrew it. After 24 weeks on 2g of metformin, and after adjustment for potential confounders, there was a mean difference of: 2.3mg.Kg-1.min-1 in eIS (95%CI, 1.7 to 2.9mg.Kg-1.min-1); -0.5U/Kg/day in TDI (95%CI, -0.7 to -0.3U/Kg/day); -0.8% in HbA1c (95%CI, -1.2% to -0.4%); 11% in time in target range 80-140mg/dL (95%CI, 3% to 19%); -0.43 in waist circumference-SDS (95%CI, -0.64 to -0.22); -1.1mg/g in urine albumin/creatinine ratio (95%CI, -1.7 to -0.5mg/g). Conclusions: Among adolescents with T1D and insulin resistance, the addition of metformin to insulin not only improved glycaemic control and insulin sensitivity but also seemed to be potentially beneficial in preventing renal function deterioration. ER  - 
Eevaluation of skin advanced glycation end products (sAGE) and of cardiovascular (CV) risk factors in adolescents with type 1 diabetes (T1D) or with severe obesity; Objectives: Both pts with T1D or with severe obesity show high CV risk. We compared CV risk between 2 groups of pts with T1D or obesity by evaluating sAGE and other known variables associated with CV risk. Secondly we analyzed the parameters influencing sAGE levels. Methods: 106 pts aged 10-18 yrs, 67 with T1D and 39 with severe obesity, had a cross-sectional evaluation of sAGE (AGEreader, DiagnOptics Tech.), lipid profile, auxology and BP. Inclusion criteria were age 10-18 yrs, for T1D pts disease duration >5 yrs or of >3 in puberty, for obese subjects BMI centile>99 ± and absence of T2D. In T1D pts age was 14.5 ± 2.2 yrs, disease duration 8.1 ± 3 yrs, last HbA1c 8.3 ± 1.7%. In obese pts age was 13.9 ± 1.7 yrs and BMI 33 ± 3.2. A CV risk factor was considered positive (+1) if sAGE>1 SD, HbA1c>7.5%, waist/Ht>0.5, BMI>95° centile, syst and/or diast BP>95° centile, LDL chol>100 mg/dl, trygl/HDL ratio>2.2. sAGe was correlated with all parameters collected and in T1D pts with last and 3-5 yrs HbA1c. Results: sAGEs were significantly higher in T1D pts vs obese (1.3±0.3 vs 1.1±0.2; p=0.0001). Only 1/39 obese pts vs 16/67 pts had sAGE>1 SD (p=0.0001). Obese pts showed a higher mean score of CV risk factors (3.3±.1.2 vs 1.6±1.2; p=0.0001). Among the T1D pts with mean HbA1c>9%, 5/9 showed sAGE>1 SD, among the pts with HbA1c< 7.5% 2/22 had sAGE>1 SD. In both groups sAGE was higher in females vs males (p=0.01 in both groups). In T1D group sAGE was significantly correlated with mean Hba1c and last HbA1c (p=0.0001), but not with age, disease duration or others. In obese pts sAGE only correlated with age (p=0.01). Conclusions: Severely obese pts showed a higher score of CV risk factors than T1D pts. In pts with T1D sAGE level was strongly associated with metabolic control, although some T1D pts with bad metabolic had normal sAGE values. In our pts with severe obesity without T2D sAGE determination was not helpful in identifying CV risk, with almost all cases showing normal values. ER  - 
Weight loss behaviours and weight-related stress in children: Do they predict adiposity over 2 years?; Objective: Dieting to control weight during adolescence is predictive of later weight gain, but little is known on its association in childhood. We assessed the prevalence of weight loss behaviors and weightrelated stress in 8-10y children and whether they predict adiposity 2 years later. Methods: Data stem from the Quebec Adipose and Lifestyle Investigation in Youth (QUALITY) cohort of children aged 8-10y at baseline and with at least one obese biological parent (n=630). Weight loss behaviors and stress related to weight were reported by children at baseline. Weight, height and puberty were measured at baseline and after a 2y follow-up. Body mass index z-scores (zBMI) were computed and % body fat (%BF) was measured via DEXA. Waist-toheight ratio (WHtR) was computed by dividing waist circumference (cm) by height (cm). We used multivariable linear regressions adjusted for age, sex, puberty, parental BMI, socioeconomic status and baseline adiposity. Results: Almost 50% of children (27% of normal weight and 80% of overweight/obese) had ever tried to lose weight at 8-10y. Weigh trelated stress was experienced in 24% of girls and 19% of boys. Prior to adjusting for baseline adiposity, weight loss behaviors (B=0,977; p< 0,001) and weight-related stress (B=0,788; p< 0,001) were associated with higher zBMI 2 years later when accounting for all other covariables. When further adjusting for baseline zBMI, these associations were no longer observed, except for weight-related stress which predicted a lower zBMI (B=-0,096; p=0,045). Findings were similar for %BF and WHtR. Associations did not differ by sex or weight status. Conclusions: Weight loss behaviors are highly prevalent in children with familial obesity. These predict higher adiposity 2 years later, but not its change. In this sample, weight-related stress predicted lower adiposity over 2 years. Awareness of these behaviors' preponderance and further research regarding their long-term impact on adiposity are required. ER  - 
Preconception counseling in youth with diabetes; Congenital anomalies are four times higher among offspring of women with diabetes than in the non-diabetic population due to uncontrolled blood glucose prior to and during pregnancy. Preconception counseling and care (PC) lowers this risk. The American Diabetes Association (ADA) recommended PC for all diabetic women of child-bearing potential; however, most of them never received PC and continued to have unplanned pregnancies. Our program called Reproductive-health Education and Awareness of Diabetes in Youth for Girls (READY-Girls), targets PC for teens with T1D and T2D before sexual debut. In 2009, READY-Girls served as a catalyst for the ADA to specify that PC should be given at all routine clinic visits ?starting at puberty?. We will discuss the significance of a developmentally appropriate PC program for this age group; and describe the components, content and evaluation of a PC program. Our studies examined the short-term (6-12 mons) and long-term effects (12 yrs follow-up) of READY-Girls on intentions and behaviors regarding family planning vigilance and PC in the same cohort of young women. Effects on cognitive, psychosocial and behavioral outcomes and cost-effectiveness have been demonstrated. This program increased knowledge and enhanced attitudes toward seeking PC, improved use of effective family planning, initiated discussion of PC with health care providers, and delayed sexual initiation. READY-Girls was developed in partnership with the ADA and promoted to healthcare providers and consumers with diabetes. The resource utilization cost of the program is $18, a minimal expense considering the potential economic and human costs of an unplanned high-risk pregnancy. ER  - 
Physical growth among children with type 1 diabetes mellitus on conventional and intensive insulin therapy; Objective: Long-term glycemic control in children with Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus (T1DM) affects physical growth and development. Intensive insulin therapy (IIT) is shown to have better glucose control as against conventional Insulin therapy (CIT). As large proportion of children with T1DM in developing countries is on CIT, we planned this study to compare physical growth among children using CIT or IIT. Methods: In this cross-sectional study, children of either sex, 5 to 15years old with T1DM for at least 3 years, were enrolled. Out of 154 children enrolled, 54 were on CIT, 50 on IIT and 50 were healthy controls. Weight, Height and BMI z scores were based on CDC charts. Pubertal stage was assessed by Tanner's method. Results: There was significant difference in mean duration of disease (5 ± 2.02 vs 3.97 ± 1.56 years; p = 0.004) in CIT and IIT groups respectively. Mean age at onset of diabetes in CIT group (7.5 ± 3.46 years) was similar to IIT group (6.4 ± 3.18 years; p = 0.12). Average HbA1c level over past 3 years in CIT group was 9.41 ± 1.78 gm% and in IIT group was 8.5 ± 1.37 gm% (p = 0.010). Height for age (HAZ) and weight for age (WAZ) Z scores were higher in IIT group; HAZ of -0.18 ± 1.48 vs -0.94 ± 1.30 (p = 0.007) and WAZ of -0.35 ± 1.34 vs -0.59 ± 1.37 (p = 0.38). Mean BMI was higher in CIT group; 18.66 ± 3.45 vs 17.25 ± 2.43 kg/m2 (p = 0.019). Percentage of boys who had genital stage 2 or more was higher in CIT group (77.4%) compared to IIT group (59.3%); p = 0.41. Also, there was no significant difference in proportion of girls achieving Breast stage 2 (87 vs 83%) and menarche (83 vs 77%) in CIT and IIT groups, respectively. Conclusions: In children with T1DM for at least 3 years, there was significantly higher HbA1c, higher BMI z scores and lower HAZ scores in children receiving CIT when compared to IIT. There was no significant difference in attainment of puberty in two groups. ER  - 
Cardiometabolic effects of sugar-sweetened beverages reduction and physical activity increase in obese children; Objective: To assess the effect of sugary beverages reduction and aerobic exercise increase on markers of metabolic syndrome, inflammation in obese children. Methods: Prospective analysis of the first 200 pre-pubertal patients admitted to our obesity clinic during 2015 (mean BMI-SDS 3.41±0.54). During the first 4 wks, patients had their usual diet and daily activity. From 5th-28th wk they were asked to restrict sugaradded beverages to one serving a week. From the 29th-52nd wk they were also asked to daily exercise for at least 60 min. Results: At baseline, average daily time spent on moderate-intense physical activity was 30±15min, while on screen was 180±30min; mean sucrose intake was 219±62g/day, of which 66% from sugary beverages; mean WC-SDS was 3.82±0.58; mean systolic and diastolic BP-SDS were 1.8±0.6 and 1.7±0.4 respectively; median HOMA-IR was 3.57 (1.34 to 6.43); mean uric acid was 4.1±1.9mg/ dL; median triglycerides was 132 (72 to 201) mg/dL. At 28th week there was a decrease of: 1.7mg/dL (95%CI, 1.0-2.2) in uric acid; 3.51μmol/L (95%CI, 1.52-5.50) in homocysteine; 44mg/dL (95%CI, 21-55) in triglycerides; 19mg/dL in apolipoprotein B (95%CI,13-25); 41.9μUI/mL (95%CI, 27.3-56.5) in insulin at 30min OGTT; 2.2ng/mL (95%CI, 1.3-3.1) in leptin. At the end of the study there was a reduction of: 0.87 (95%CI, 0.38-1.36) in BMI-SDS, 0.91 (95%CI, 0.43-1.39) in WC-SDS, and 1.07 (95%CI, 0.86-1.28) in HOMA-IR. There was a 6.28μg/mL (95%CI, 4.4-9.2) increase in adiponectin, and a decrease of: 7.0ng/mL (95%CI, 5.1-8.9) in resistin; 2.18pg/mL (95%CI, 0.75- 3.61) in TNF-α; 2.16pg/mL (95%CI, 0.63-3.69) in INF-γ; 17.2pg/mL (95%CI, 9.0-25.4) in IL-1ß; 25.7pg/mL (95%CI, 8.3-43.1) in IL-6; 16.5ng/mL (95%CI, 10.2-22.8) in PAI-1. Conclusion: Our results provide additional evidence supporting a positive relationship between both sugar-sweetened beverages reduction and physical activity increase, and the improvement of important markers of inflammation and metabolic syndrome. ER  - 
Trajectories of body mass index over adolescence among individuals with type 1 diabetes from a large German/Austrian/Luxembourg Registry: A longitudinal group-based modeling approach; Objectives: The aim was to identify patterns of age- and gender-adjusted BMI (BMIz) from childhood to young adulthood in subjects with T1D. Methods: 5,243 subjects (52% boys) from the multicenter diabetes prospective follow-up registry DPV were analyzed (follow-up from age 8-18 years, baseline diabetes duration ≥1 years, BMIz aggregated per year of life). We applied latent class growth modelling (LCGM,SAS:PRO TRAJ) as trajectory approach to identify distinct subgroups following a similar BMIz pattern of change over time. Results: At baseline (age 8 years), median diabetes duration was 3.4 [Q1; Q3:2.0;5.2] years and BMIz was 0.3 [-0.2;0.8]. Six distinct longitudinal trajectories of BMIz were determined (Fig1). Differences were found for age at onset, sex, migration background, HbA1c, insulin dose, frequency of self-monitoring of blood glucose (SMBG) and of physical activity, height, diagnosis of eating disorders, and dyslipidemia (all p< 0.05), but not in pump use (p = 0.58). Among subjects in the ?overweight? group, higher HbA1c, older age at onset, and higher proportion of migration background were observed. In the ?low? trajectory, more subjects with eating disorders (girls:5.3%,boys:1.7%), reduced height, but high frequency of SMBG were found. In the ?weight-gain? class were less boys (39%), whereas in the ?weight-loss? pattern were predominantly boys (67%). Conclusion: Using the trajectory approach, we determined six distinct longitudinal patterns of BMIz during puberty. (Figure Presented). ER  - 
BMI-SDS increased only in girls over a 15-year period despite improved HbA1C for both sexes-data from the Swedish Pediatric Diabetes Quality Register SWEDIABKIDS; Objectives: Intensified insulin therapy may lead to weight gain and increased body mass index standard deviation score (BMI-SDS) in patients with T1D. The quality of diabetes care in Sweden has improved for the patients aged < 18 years, particularly after 2010. We investigated time trend of BMI-SDS with respect to HbA1C, gender, current age and age at diagnosis. Methods: All patients aged < 18 years with T1D registered in the Swedish Pediatric Diabetes Quality Register SWEDIABKIDS during 2000-2014 were included. The Swedish population-based growth reference was used for calculating BMI-SDS. Mean annual BMI-SDS and HbA1C was calculated for every patient excluding 90 days after the diagnosis. Comparisons were made by 5-year period, sex, age group 0-4, 5-9, 10-14 and 15-17 years, age at diagnosis 0-9 and >9 years and HbA1C < 52; 52-57; 58-69 and >69 mmol/mol (NGSP < 6.9; 6.9-7.4; 7.5-8.5 and >8.5%). Linear regression was used for the multivariate analyses. Data analysis was stratified by sex due to interaction between sex and the key variables. Results: Data were available for 14605 patients (6727 girls). Mean HbA1C decreased by 5-year period: 65.6; 63.6 and 60.6 (p< 0.001). For the girls mean BMI-SDS increased over time 0.68; 0.70; 0.73 (p< 0.001), with increasing HbA1C (p< 0.001) and increasing age (p< 0.001), especially for the girls diagnosed before 10 years age (p< 0.001). For the boys mean BMI-SDS did not change over time 0.57; 0.52; 0.54 (p = 0.91), it increased with increasing HbA1C (p< 0.001) and decreased with increasing age (p< 0.001), with no change by age at diagnosis (p = 0.56). Conclusions: BMI-SDS increased over time in girls but not in boys with T1D in Sweden, although HbA1C clearly decreased for both sexes. The BMI-SDS increased in girls with less well controlled diabetes and during the puberty. Better diabetes control (lower HbA1C) was associated with lower BMI-SDS. It is important to prevent weight gain in girls during and after the puberty. ER  - 
Body composition in girls between 12-15 years of age, with type 1 diabetes; Aim: To investigate body composition, mainly focused on fat distribution, in adolescent girls with Type 1 diabetes (T1D). Research design and Methods: In this cross-sectional study, the body composition of 29 pubertal (Tanner stage ≥2) females between 12 and 15 years of age with a diabetes duration of more than one year, were examined using dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA). Furthermore height and weight were measured while waist-hip ratio, BMI (kg/m2 ) and daily insulin dose (U/kg/24h) were calculated. A total of 96 age and gender matched healthy peers, already examined 1 year in advance in another study, served as controls. 27 out of 29 patients used an insulin infusion-pump, while the remaining 2 were on the traditional pen treatment. SD scores for total body fat, weight, height and BMI were calculated from national references (ref. Wohlfahrt-Veje C, European Journal of Clinical Nutrition 2014 og Tinggaard J, Acta Paediatrica 2014). To compare total body fat percentage, weight and height as well as BMI in diabetic patients and healthy controls we used student's t-test. Results: Total body fat was increased for the diabetic patient group with a mean value which was 1.15 SDS higher compared to healthy control group (P< 0.0001). Weight and height were 0.99 SDS (P< 0.0001) and 0.42 SDS higher (P=0.04), respectively. Likewise BMI was significantly higher in the diabetic patients with a score of 0.95 SDS (P< 0.0001). BMI SDS was significantly correlated with daily insulin dose (r=0,34; P=0.001) . The fat distribution as assessed by waist to height ratio was borderline but not significantly positively associated with the HbA1c level (r=0.12; P=0.06). Conclusion: Despite modern insulin management and diabetes care for T1D girls they still have significant differences in body composition, resulting in increased total body fat, height, weight and BMI compared to healthy controls. BMI SDS was correlated to an increased insulin requirement. ER  - 
Predictors of response to add-on insulin therapy in youth with type 2 diabetes (T2D) in the TODAY trial; Objective: To understand factors associated with glycemic control after starting insulin in recent-onset T2D youth in the TODAY study following glycemic failure (persistent A1c ≥8%) with metformin +/- rosiglitazone. Methods: Change in A1c after add-on insulin therapy and the factors predictive of glycemic response were evaluated. At 1 year post-insulin initiation, 253 obese individuals had at least 2 A1c values and mean of 3.9±1.0 visits. Participants were divided into 3 groups according to glycemic control: consistent decrease in A1c by ≥ 0.5%, no change, or consistent increase in A1c ≥ 0.5%, at 75% or more of the visits. Results: At randomization (baseline) and at time of insulin addition, the 3 groups were similar in age, sex, race-ethnicity, pubertal stage, BMI z-score, T2D duration, and oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) derived insulin secretion indices (Table). Consistent A1c improvement associated with higher insulin sensitivity (1/fasting insulin) at randomization and at time of failure, higher total and high molecular weight (HMW) adiponectin at randomization and higher A1c at failure. Conclusions: Response to add-on insulin therapy was highly variable. Greater insulin sensitivity and higher adiponectin levels at baseline were associated with improved glycemic control after addition of insulin. It remains to be determined to what extent psychosocial variables and adherence to the prescribed insulin regimen play a role. This needs to be addressed in future studies. (Table Presented). ER  - 
All-cause mortality in patients with childhood onset diabetes mellitus; Objectives: To establish all-cause mortality in patients with childhood onset diabetes mellitus. Material and methods: A random sample of 670 patients (15% of the local register), consisting of at least 1 patient from every age interval 0-17 at the time of diagnosis and each calendar year 1975-2014 was submitted to the National agency for personal identification. Correct personal data regarding mortality/survival for 614 patients were included for analysis. Comparison was done according to age at diagnosis (0-4, 5-9, 10-17), calendar year of diagnosis (<1995>) and duration of diabetes (≤5, 6-9, 10-14, 15-19, >19 years). Results: From a total of 614 patients 56 died (36 males, 20 females with no gender related difference, X2 = 3.56, p = 0.059); mean age at diagnosis 8.7 ± 4.5 years, mean age of death 28.8 ± 7.5 years (5.6-43.2), mean disease duration 20.3 ± 8.1 years (7 months- 38 years). All-cause cumulative mortality was 9.11% with no difference related to age at diagnosis (X2 = 1,29, p = 0,524). Disease duration was risk factor for death (X2 = 17.71, p = 0.005) as well as calendar year at diagnosis < 1995> (X2 = 34.73, p < 0.001). Controlled for duration, diagnosis before 1995 presented independent risk factor for death (OR = 0.006, p < 0.001). The mean survival was 37.5 years (95% CI 36.4-38.6), not related to calendar year at diagnosis (Log rank test (Mantel-Cox) - p = 0.290). The mean survival of patients diagnosed at age ≥10 years was 33.5 years (95% CI 31.5;35.4), significantly lower compared to those aged 5-9 years - 34.1 years (95% CI 32.8;35.3) and those aged <5 years - 39.6 years (95% CI 38.3; 40.9), p < 0.001. Conclusion: Cumulative mortality among patient with childhood onset diabetes is high. Poor survival is related to older age at diagnosis. Puberty influences the course of the disease with physiological and/or psychological issues. ER  - 
Growth perturbations from stimulant medications and inhaled corticosteroids; Stimulant medications for the treatment of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) for the treatment of asthma are two classes of medications that are commonly prescribed in pediatrics. Among other adverse effects of these medications, growth attenuation has long been a focus of investigation. With stimulants, growth deficits of 1–1.4 cm/year have been observed in the short term, mainly in the first 2 years of treatment, in a dose-dependent manner. Long-term studies on stimulants have reported divergent effects on growth, with many studies showing no clinically significant height deficits by adulthood. The study that followed the largest cohort of children on stimulants, however, reported an overall adult height deficit of 1.29 cm in subjects who had received stimulant medications, with mean adult height deficit of 4.7 cm among those taking the medication consistently. With ICS use, mild growth suppression is seen in the short term (particularly in the first year of therapy) with growth rates reduced by 0.4–1.5 cm/year. Available current evidence indicates that the impact of ICS use on adult height is not clinically significant, with effects limited to 1.2 cm or less. There is significant individual variability in growth suppression with ICS use, with the specific pharmacologic agent, formulation, dose exposure, age, puberty, medication adherence, and timing of administration being important modifying factors. Based on currently available evidence, the therapeutic benefits of ICS for management of asthma and stimulant medications for management of ADHD outweigh the potential risk for growth suppression. Strategies to minimize growth attenuation and other potential adverse effects of these medications include using the lowest efficacious dose, frequent assessments and dose titration. Particular vigilance is essential with concomitant use of multiple medications that can attenuate growth and to evaluate for potential adrenal insufficiency from ICS use. ER  - 
Early menarche and teenager pregnancy as risk factors for morbid obesity among reproductive-age women: A case-control study; METHODS: We performed a case-control study with 110 morbidly obese women and 110 women with adequate weight who were matched by age and with a 1:1 case to control ratio. All women were between 20 to 49 years old and non-menopausal. Possible risk factors were evaluated through a self-report questionnaire assessing socio-demographic, obstetric and gynecological characteristics, presence of non-communicable diseases and habits. Multiple logistic regression was used to estimate the odds ratio with respective confidence intervals. RESULTS: Menarche under 12 years old, teenage pregnancy and lower educational level were shown to be risk factors for morbid obesity among women of reproductive age. Incidences of non-communicable diseases (diabetes, hypertension, dyslipidemia, liver disease, lung disease, thyroid dysfunction, and joint pain) were increased in women with morbid obesity. CONCLUSIONS: Early menarche, teenage pregnancy and low education level are risk factors for the occurrence of morbid obesity in women of reproductive age. Some non-communicable diseases were already more prevalent in women with morbid obesity even before 50 years of age. OBJECTIVES: The aim of this study was to evaluate potential risk factors, including non-communicable diseases, for morbid obesity in women between 20 and 49 years of age. ER  - 
Prevelance of autoimmune thyroid disease in type 1 diabetes; Introduction: Type 1 diabetes is a common autoimmune disease of pediatric population and it is commonly associated with other autoimmune diseases especially autoimmune thyroid disease. Objectives: To see prevalence of thyroid autoimmune disorders in type 1 diabetes and its association with age, gender and duration of diabetes. Materials and Methods: A total of 134 patients were recruited among those attending outpatient department of Endocrinology and Metabolic Clinic of SMS Medical College, Jaipur, Rajasthan; in between april 2017 to August 2017. Diagnosis of Type 1 diabetes was established on ADA 2017 criteria. The patients were clinically examined, including thyroid gland palpation, blood pressure measurement and assessment of their pubertal status and growth. After achieving euglycemia blood sample was taken for hematological and biochemical test. HbA1c was done by HPLC, Anti TPO, TSH, T3, T4 was done by chemiluminescence method. The patients were clinically examined, including thyroid gland palpation, blood pressure measurement and assessment of their pubertal status and growth. Results: The prevalence of thyroid autoimmune disorders in 134 patients was 18.7%. The thyroid status of most of the patients with positive markers was euthyroidism (73%), but subclinical hypothyroidism (14%), overt hypothyroidism (4%), subclinical hyperthyroidism (3%) and overt hyperthyroidism (6%) were also present. Autoimmune thyroid disorders were the most prevalent immunological processes affecting diabetic patients. Conclusions: Thyroid autoimmunity is frequently present among T1DM patients, can be associated with increased age, female gender, long diabetes duration, and can imbalance the glycemic control of T1DM patients. ER  - 
Delayed presentation of turner syndrome: Challenge to optimal management; Background: Turner syndrome (TS) is a chromosomal disorder associated with dysmorphic features and comorbidities, with recent trends focusing on early diagnosis for adequate management. Aim: The aim is to study the age and mode of presentation of TS, associated comorbidities and look for any correlation with the genotype. Material and Methods: This was a retrospective analysis of girls with TS attending the endocrinology clinic of a tertiary care center. Their age, mode of presentation, and clinical features were noted. All participants underwent ear examination, echocardiography, and ultrasonography of the abdomen. Laboratory investigations included serum T4, thyroid-stimulating hormone, thyroid peroxidase antibodies, follicle-stimulating hormone, fasting, and 2-h plasma glucose after 75 g glucose load and a karyotype. Simple descriptive statistical methods were used. Results: Seventeen cases of TS were seen with a median age of presentation of 18 years (range 14-42 years). Primary amenorrhea was the most common reason for seeking medical attention (76.4%) followed by short stature and diabetes mellitus (11.8% each). The mean height at presentation was 137.5 ± 5.4 cm. Monosomy of X chromosome (45,X) was the most common karyotype obtained in 58.8% of the patients, followed by 45,X/46, XX in 17.6%, 45,X/46X,i(X)(q10) in 11.8%, and 45,X/47,XXX and 46X,delXp11.2 in 5.9% patients each. Bicuspid aortic valve was seen in two patients having a 45,X/46,XX karyotype. Conclusion: Primary amenorrhea is the most common presenting feature in girls with TS leading to a delayed age of presentation. Short stature and dysmorphic features are often overlooked in infancy and childhood due to socioeconomic factors. This late age of presentation is a cause of concern as early detection and management is important for height outcomes, bone health, and psychosocial support. Assessment of comorbidities becomes important in this setting. ER  - 
Offspring risk of obesity in childhood, adolescence and adulthood in relation to gestational diabetes mellitus: A sex-specific association; Background: Animal data suggest sexually dimorphic programming of obesity in response to altered intrauterine environment, but the longitudinal impact of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on sex-specific risk of offspring obesity in humans is unclear. Methods: We conducted a prospective analysis of 15 009 US individuals (7946 female and 7063 male) from the Growing-Up Today Study, who were followed from 1996 (ages 9-14 years) through 2010. Height and weight from validated questionnaires were used to derive body mass index (BMI) at different ages. Obesity during childhood ( < 18 years) and adulthood (≥ 18 years) were defined using the International Obesity Task Force and the World Health Organization criteria. GDM exposure was identified through selfreported questionnaires from mothers. Relative risks were estimated using multivariable log-binomial regression models with generalized estimating equations accounting for clustering within the same family. Results: Male offspring born from pregnancies complicated by GDM had higher BMI compared with non-GDM offspring and had increased risk of obesity; the adjusted relative risk [RR, 95% confidence interval (CI)] was 1.47 (1.11-1.95) for all age groups, 1.59 (1.05-2.41) for late childhood, 1.48 (1.06-2.06) for adolescence and 1.39 (1.00-1.94) for early adulthood. No significant association between obesity and maternal GDM was observed among female participants (RR=0.97, 95% CI: 0.71-1.33). Conclusions: The association of GDM with offspring obesity from late childhood through early adulthood may differ by sex; a significant association was observed among male but not female offspring. ER  - 
Study on the prevalence and characteristics of metabolic syndrome in women of reproductive age group with polycystic ovarian syndrome; Introduction: Polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) is an endocrine disorder affecting all age groups and presenting with myriad problems like menstrual irregularities, hirsutism, anovulatory infertility, and long-term complications like diabetes, cardiovascular problems, etc. Aim: Study was aimed at finding the prevalence, characteristics, and various risk factors of metabolic syndrome (MS) in reproductive age group in our hospital. Materials and methods: Using statistical table, a sample size of 131 was calculated and patients were recruited as per inclusion criteria. Polycystic ovarian syndrome was diagnosed by the American Society for Reproductive Medicine (ASRM)/European Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology (ESHRE) criteria. After informed consent, a detailed history was obtained and physical examination was carried out to assess, body weight, height, body mass index (BMI), waist–hip ratio (WHR), and blood pressure (BP). Fasting blood glucose, triglycerides, and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) were measured for each woman Results: Prevalence of MS in our study was 45.8%; 26.7% of patients had a combination of increased waist circumference, raised triglycerides, and low HDL; 55.2% of patients had a fasting blood sugar (FBS) levels more than 100 mg%. Age of the patient was a statistically significant risk factor of MS with 100% of patients in the age group of 35 to 39 presenting with MC. Body mass index was also a statistically significant risk factor with 82.6% with BMI > 30 having MC. Other important risk factors include a WHR more than 0.95, presence of diabetes in mother or sister, and presence of acanthosis; 71% of patients with WHR more than 0.95 had MC. Age of menarche, duration of menstrual cycles, and hirsutism showed no significant relationship. Conclusion: An outstanding fact that emerged in this study was that 94% of women with PCOS had HDL values <50 mg/dL. And 58% had triglycerides more than 150 mg/dL. Hence, lifestyle modification and early intervention will hopefully spare long-term complication of PCOS. ER  - 
Betatrophin: no relation to glucose metabolism or weight status in obese children before and after lifestyle intervention; Objective: The influences of obesity, glucose metabolism, gender, and puberty on betatrophin levels and the longitudinal relationships between weight loss, metabolic changes and betatrophin have not yet been studied in childhood. Methods: Cross-sectional and longitudinal analysis of weight status (standard deviation score-body mass index (SDS-BMI)), homeostasis model assessment insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), gender, and pubertal stage were evaluated in 69 obese children (51% female, age 11.9 ± 2.0 years) participating in lifestyle intervention over a 1-year period. An oral glucose tolerance test was performed in 53 of the 69 children. Twenty normal weight children (50% female, age 12.3 ± 3.0 years) served as controls. Results: Circulating betatrophin did not differ significantly between obese and lean children (1.99 ± 0.90 vs 2.35 ± 0.28, mean ± SD, P =.155). At baseline, betatrophin did not differ in obese patients with vs without glucose intolerance (1.89 ± 0.96 vs 2.031 ± 0.91 ng/mL; P =.591) and obese with (delta SDS-BMI >0.4) vs without successful obesity intervention (1.89 ± 0.94 vs. 2.07 ± 0.87 ng/mL; P = 0.396). In multiple linear regression analyses, pubertal stage was associated with betatrophin (b: 0.48, P =.027), while gender, age, BMI, blood pressure, fasting glucose, HOMA-IR, triglycerides, LDL- and HDL-cholesterol were not related to betatrophin at baseline. At the end of the 1-year intervention, changes of betatrophin were not significantly associated with any parameter after controlling for multiple covariates including age and changes of pubertal stages. Conclusions: Our data do not support a relationship between betatrophin and weight status or glucose tolerance, insulin resistance, and lipid metabolism in children. ER  - 
Improvement in glycemic control through changes in insulin regimens: findings from a Japanese cohort of children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes; Objective: Although insulin analogs have dramatically changed diabetes treatment, scarce evidence is available on those effects. We aimed to explore whether glycemic control had improved, the use of insulin analogs had been increased, and hypoglycemic events had decreased over time in Japanese pediatric patients with type 1 diabetes (T1D). Methods: Glycated hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) values, proportion of insulin regimens, incidence of severe hypoglycemic events, and pubertal increase in HbA1c were compared in three cohorts of childhood-onset Japanese T1D patients (567 subjects in the 1995 cohort, 754 subjects in the 2000 cohort, and 806 subjects in the 2008 cohort). Results: Mean HbA1c values tended to decrease [78.5 mmol/mol (9.33%) in the 1995 cohort, 68.2 mmol/mol (8.39%) in the 2000 cohort, and 61.2 mmol/mol (7.75%) in the 2008 cohort; P <.0001]. The proportion of patients who received basal-bolus treatment tended to increase with statistical significance, as did the proportion on insulin analogs. The incidence of severe hypoglycemic events (events/100 patients/y) had decreased (19.1 in the 2000 cohort and 8.7 in the 2008 cohort; P =.02). The pubertal increase in HbA1c tended to decrease [males, 12.0 mmol/mol (1.10%) in 1995, 9.4 mmol/mol (0.85%) in 2008, and 9.4 mmol/mol (0.86%) in 2008; P =.55; females, 14.0 mmol/mol (1.28%) in 1995, 10.3 mmol/mol (0.94%) in 2000, and 4.2 mmol/mol (0.38%) in 2008; P =.0003]. Conclusions: Glycemic control and incidence of severe hypoglycemic events were chronologically improved, especially in female adolescents. ER  - 
Growth hormone excess in children with neurofibromatosis type-1 and optic glioma; In children with neurofibromatosis type 1 (NF1) and optic pathways glioma (OPG), growth hormone (GH) excess has been rarely reported and mainly associated to central precocious puberty. The aim of our study is to evaluate the prevalence of GH excess, the association with central precocious puberty, the relation with tumor site and the evolution over time in a large cohort of children with NF1 and OPG. Sixty-four NF1 children with OPG were evaluated. Patients with stature and/or height velocity >2 SD for age were studied for GH secretion. Seven out of 64 children (10.9%) with NF1 and optic pathways glioma showed GH excess, isolated in 5 cases and associated to central precocious puberty in 2. All the children with GH excess had a tumor involving the chiasma. Children with GH excess underwent medical treatment with lanreotide and a minimum clinical/biochemical follow up of 2 years is reported. The present study demonstrates that GH excess should be considered as a relative frequent endocrine manifestation in NF1 patients, similarly to central precocious puberty. Therefore, these patients should undergo frequent accurate auxologic evaluations. On the other hand, an increase in height velocity in children with NF1, even despite normal ophthalmological exams, can suggest the presence of OPG and therefore represents an indication to perform brain MRI. ER  - 
Erratum to: Risk of breast, endometrial, colorectal, and renal cancers in postmenopausal women in association with a body shape index and other anthropometric measures (Cancer Causes & Control, (2015), 26, 2, (219-229), 10.1007/s10552-014-0501-4); Table 5 has been published incorrectly in the original publication of the article. The correct version of the Table 5 is provided below. Bolded numbers in Table 5 have been corrected; the unbolded numbers were correct. Breast cancer: age (continuous), alcohol (servings per week-continuous), smoking (pack-years-continuous), MET-hrs/wk (continuous), age at menarche (<12, 12, 13,≥14), age at first birth (<20, 20-29, ≥30, missing), parity (continuous), family history of breast cancer in a first degree relative (yes, no, missing), history of breast biopsy (yes, no, missing), education (less than high school grad, high school grad/some college, college grad, post-college), ethnicity (white, black, other), treatment allocation (observational study; treatment/control/placebo arm of clinical trials). (Table presented.) Endometrial cancer: age, alcohol, smoking, parity, oral contraceptive use (ever, never), education, ethnicity, treatment allocation. Colorectal cancer: age (continuous), alcohol, smoking, MET-hrs/wk (continuous), aspirin intake, diabetes, family history of colorectal cancer in a first degree relative, education, ethnicity, treatment allocation. Last paragraph of Results section should read: Among never-hormone users, after mutual adjustment using residuals, the HRs for breast cancer and endometrial cancer for the highest relative to the lowest quintile of BMI and WC were weakened compared to the values reported in Table 5 (i.e., compared to the new, corrected values): for breast cancer, HRBMI = 1.39, 95% CI 1.13–1.72; HRWC = 1.30, 95% CI 1.05–1.61, respectively; for endometrial cancer: HRBMI = 2.96, 95% CI 1.71–5.12; HRWC = 2.53, 95% CI 1.44–4.44. After mutual adjustment, BMI was inversely associated with colorectal cancer in never hormone users: HRBMI = 0.62, 95% CI 0.44–0.89, whereas the positive association with WC remained: HRWC = 2.19, 95% CI 1.54–3.13. ER  - 
Methylation Status of CYP27B1 and IGF2 Correlate to BMI SDS in Children with Obesity; Objective: Worldwide increasing childhood obesity is due to interactions between environmental and genetic factors, linked together by epigenetic mechanisms such as DNA methylation. Methods: 82 obese children (>95th BMI percentile, age: 3-18 years) were included. Anthropometric data, metabolic parameters, 25-OH vitamin D (25OHD), and pubertal status were recorded, 24-hour blood pressure monitoring was performed. BMI standard deviation score (SDS) was calculated. Using candidate gene approach, obesity-(insulin-like growth factor 2 (IGF2), proopiomelanocortin (POMC)) and vitamin D metabolism-related genes (1-alfa-hydroxylase (CYP27B1), VDR) regulated by DNA methylation were selected. After isolating DNA from peripheral blood, bisulfite conversion, bisulfite specific polymerase chain reaction (BS-PCR), and pyrosequencing were carried out. Results: No significant correlation between 25-OHD and metabolic parameters and DNA methylation status, but a tendency of positive correlation between VDR methylation status and 25-OHD (r = 0.2053,p = 0.066) were observed. Significant positive correlations between BMI SDS and CYP27B1 hypermethylation (r = 0.2371,p = 0.0342) and a significant negative correlation between IGF2 hypomethylation and BMI SDS (r =-0.305,p = 0.0059) were found. Conclusions Rate of obesity shows correlation with DNA methylation. Hypomethylation of IGF2 and hypermethylation of CYP27B1 genes might positively influence the rate of BMI observed in obese children. ER  - 
Analysis of rehabilitation for 2001 children and adolescents with diabetes; Background and aims:Medical rehabilitation is a special concept in the treatment of diabetes mellitus: It plays an important role in the therapeutic concepts of children and adolescents. Services can be applied, which are difficult to implement in an out-patient or an acute in-patient setting. The study analyzes rehabilitation in 2001 patients over a period 12 years. Materials and methods: All (n = 2001) children and adolescents with diabetes mellitus (52% girls, age 12.6 ± 4.9 years) were examined, who were admitted to a specialist clinic for rehabilitation during the period 01/ 2004-12/2016. Results: The duration of medical rehabilitation was 27.3 ± 6.1 days. 1980/2001 (98.9%) children and adolescents had type 1, 21/2001 (1.1%) had type 2 diabetes mellitus. Mean HbA1c was 7.87±1.47%. 1897/2001 (95%) patients had an intensified insulin therapy, of which 633 (32%) used insulin pumps (CSII). They injected 0.86±0.47 I.E. Insulin/kg body weight/d and performed 37.6±11.4 blood glucose selftests/ week by. Over the follow-up period of 12 years parameters of the metabolic control (HbA1c, incidence of acute complications) changed hardly. The proportion of patients with CSII increased (p <0.05). In particular young children used CSII more frequently (age <4 59% vs 24% age ≥16 <17 years, p <0.05). Changes also occurred in cultural status: the percentage of patients from German families decreased (p <0.05), the proportion of patients from mixed-cultural families increased (p <0.05). The number of patients living together with both parents also decreased (p <0.05 for the tendency), the number of patients living with single parents increased (p <0.05 for the tendency). In young children HbA1c values were the lowest. From the beginning of puberty (about 10 years) HbA1c increased (8.5±1.9% in 16 to 17-year-olds). There were no correlations/ associations between metabolic control and the incidences of hypoglycaemia/ketoacidoses. Conclusion: There is a change in medical rehabilitation: the proportion of patients using CSII increased, the number of patients living with single parents and the percentage of patients from a culturally mixed families increased too. Hence, more and more patients showed psychological alterations. These need special care and therapy. ER  - 
Glucose tolerance in adolescents with obesity; Background and aims: Prevalence of obesity in children and adolescents is growing and currently affects about 20%of the world population. Childhood obesity is associated with glucose intolerance. dyslipidemia and hypertension. The aim of the study was to assess the glucose metabolism in the adolescents with obesity. Materials and methods: 151 patients with obesity aged 9-18 years. BMI>95pc. without any additional diseases and drugs affecting metabolic parameters were included in the study. Height. body weight. waist circumference. BMI were measured; pubertal maturity to Tanner stage criteria were assessed. HbA1c were measured and 2-hours OGTT (glucose and insulin) was performed in all children. Insulin resistance was determined by HOMA-IR. In the second stage of the study. in 46 adolescents 4-hours OGTT and Mixed Meal Tolerance Test (glucose and insulin) were performed and continuous glucose monitoring system CGM (iPro-Medtronic) were submitted to 5-6 days. Results: Among 151 patients (66 girls. 85 boys. at the age of 13.5 ±1; 2.5 years) BMI 30 ±4.5kg/m2. BMI z-score 2.1 ± 0.3. waist circumference 96.4 ±10.6cm. 13.2% (20 children) was in the prepubertal period. Based on OGTT impaired fasting glucose was found in 4 patients (2.6%), glucose intolerance in 25 patients (16.5%) and diabetes in 2 patients (1.3%). HbA1c was 5.3 ±0.3%. HOMA-IR was 3.8 ± 2.1. In 53 children (35.1%) insulin resistance was found. Apositive correlation (R = 0.25; p = 0.0025) between HOMA-IR and BMI z-score was observed. Hyperinsulinemia was present in 103 patients (68.2%). Comparing 4-hours OGTT and MMTT lower glycemic values were observed at all time points after consuming a standardized meal than in the OGTT. However the mean value of insulin was statistically higher in 15 and 30 minute of the test in MMTT than in OGTT. In CGM the mean glycemic value was 101.3 mg/ dl. 98.64% of glucose readings were in the range of 70-140 mg/dl. Only 0.91% of the readings were above 140 mg/dl and 0.45% of readings were below 70mg/dl. The mean glycaemia value at night was 95.9 mg/dl. A positive correlation (R = 0.36; p = 0.013) between HOMA-IR and mean of nighttime glycaemia was observed. Conclusion: With the rise in obesity insulin resistance increases, which leads to higher glycaemia at night. Mixed meal stimulates higher insulin secretion than glucose in the first 30 minutes after ingestion. ER  - 
Impact of puberty and long term glycaemic control from diabetes onset on incidence of simplex and proliferative retinopathy in type 1 diabetes: The VISS-study; Background and aims: Glycaemic control and diabetes duration are strong risk factors for diabetic retinopathy but there is evidence that the effect of duration is not uniform, being modified by puberty. Our aim was to evaluate sex, onset before, during and after puberty and HbA1c followed from diagnosis as risk factors for developing diabetic simplex and proliferative retinopathy. Materials and methods: In a population based prospective observational study, 451 patients diagnosed with type 1 diabetes before the age of 35 years during 1983-1987 in the region of South East Sweden were followed. Long term weighted mean HbA1c (wHbA1c) from diagnosis and during the whole follow up of 20 - 25 years was calculated and categorized into 5 levels, ≤50, 51-60, 61-70, 71-80 and >80 mmol/mol. Retinopathy was evaluated by fundus photography. Results: The time to first appearance of any retinopathy, studied in a subgroup of patients (n=281), who had not moved out from our region, decreased with increasingHbA1c, the difference beingmost obvious after about 15 years duration (See Figure!). With time most patients developed background retinopathy and the difference in background retinopathy between the HbA1c categories decreased or disappeared. At the end of the follow up 10 of 32 with wHbA1c ≤50 mmol/mol were without any retinopathy while only 1 of 44 in the group >80 mmol/mol had not retinopathy. 58 patients developed proliferative retinopathy. In Cox hazard regression analysis wHbA1c categories, puberty but not sex were associated with development of background retinopathy whereas only wHbA1c categories were associated with proliferative retinopathy. Onset before puberty was associated with prolonged time to appearance of background retinopathy. Conclusion: There is a strong positive association between long term mean wHbA1c measured from diagnosis and rate of appearance of background retinopathy but with time background retinopathy occur in the majority of patients in spite of excellent glycaemic control. Diabetes onset before puberty requires longer duration to develop background but not proliferative retinopathy. (Figure presented). ER  - 
Elevated alpha-hydroxybutyrate and branched-chain amino acids during an OGTT characterise insulin resistance and predict deteriorations of glycaemic control in youth; Background and aims: Traditional risk factors for type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) are weak predictors of changes in glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity in youth. The oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) provides a dynamic view of biochemical changes produced by glucose-induced hyperinsulinemia; therefore, it offers higher sensitivity than fasting metabolite analysis in identifying subtle early alterations of insulin-induced fuel processing that mark incipient insulin resistance. By measuring the time-course during an OGTT of six metabolites that reflect different axes of insulin action (i.e. proteolysis, ketogenesis, and glycolysis), we aimed at identifying early metabolic features of insulin resistance in youth and whether they can predict longitudinal deterioration of glucose homeostasis. Materials and methods: Seventy-eight non-diabetic children and adolescents aged 8-18 years were recruited. Plasma concentrations of α- hydroxybutyrate (αHB), branched-chain amino acids (BCAAs; valine, leucine, and isoleucine), β-hydroxybutyrate, and lactate were measured at fasting and every 30 min during an OGTT by proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy. Associations between newly-identified baseline metabolic alterations and longitudinal changes in glucose tolerance and β-cell function relative to insulin sensitivity were tested after 2.3±0.6 years followup. Results: Elevated fasting αHB levels were observed in adolescents with reduced insulin sensitivity, as indicated by a lower OGTT-derived whole-body insulin sensitivity index (WBISI), after adjusting for age, gender, ethnicity, Tanner stage and BMI z-score (p=0.01). In the same group, plasma αHB and BCAA levels were increased throughout the course of the OGTT (p<0.03).Notably, a gradual decline in αHB levels during theOGTTidentified adolescents with borderline insulin resistance (p=0.02), in whom plasma αHB shifted from elevated baseline concentrations characteristic of subjects with marked insulin resistance to low post-load concentrations typical of insulin sensitive adolescents. Increased baseline αHB concentrations during the OGTT were associated with longitudinal worsening of glucose tolerance, as indicated by higher 2h glucose (beta 79.8, SE 25.0, p=0.01), and of the disposition index (beta -7.89, SE 3.34, p=0.04) after adjustment for confounding factors. Conclusion: Fasting concentrations of αHB and the time-courses of αHB and BCAAs in response to a glucose challenge characterise insulin resistance in youth. Furthermore, alterations of αHB metabolism predict incipient deterioration of β-cell function relative to insulin sensitivity and longitudinal worsening of glycemic tolerance. These findings provide new insights into the pathogenesis of insulin resistance and novel strategies for early risk stratification of adolescents with a high likelihood of developing impaired glucose metabolism. ER  - 
Insulin sensitivity, beta cell function and hepatic insulin extraction: Associations with adiposity and family history of type 2 diabetes in admixed adolescents; Background and aims: Beta-cell dysfunction and insulin resistance have different manifestations across racial/ethnic groups and there is lack of knowledge regarding the pathophysiology of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) for ethnic admixed adolescents. The Brazilian people are one of the most admixed populations in the world, which is the result of five centuries of interethnic crosses of peoples from three continents. We aimed to investigate the influence of adiposity and family history of T2DM on aspects of insulin sensitivity, beta-cell function and hepatic extraction of insulin in Brazilian normoglycemic adolescents. Materials and methods: 82 adolescents (41 girls) underwent the 120- min. hyperglycemic clamp. The insulin sensitivity index was adjusted for free fat mass. Insulin secretion and beta-cell function parameters were obtained from C-peptide deconvolution. The hepatic insulin extraction and the disposition index, which represents the beta-cell function relative to insulin sensitivity, were calculated. The nutritional status was classified based on BMI for age according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention growth charts. Results: After adjusting for pubertal stage, both lean and overweight/ obese adolescents had similar glycemic profile (HbA1c: 5.1 ± 0.1 vs. 5.2 ± 0.1%; p = 0.621) and similar disposition index (952 ± 134 vs. 757 ± 90 mg.kg.min∗100 per pmol; p = 0.234), respectively. Overweight/obese adolescents had about 1/3 of the insulin sensitivity of lean adolescents (1.1 ± 0.2 vs. 3.4 ± 0.3 mg.kg.min.pmol∗1000), which was compensated by an increase around 2.5 times in basal (130 ± 7 vs. 52 ± 10 pmol.l.min) and total insulin secretion (85839 ± 5076 vs. 34407 ± 7273 pmol), and in first (8136 ± 577 vs. 3456 ± 827 pmol) and second (69493 ± 4240 vs. 27916 ± 6075 pmol) phases of insulin secretion; respectively (p < 0.001 for all). This increase was accompanied by a mean reduction in hepatic insulin extraction of 35% (33 ± 4 vs. 51 ± 5 %; p = 0.013), and an increase in beta-cell glucose sensitivity by 2.7 times (86 ± 7 vs. 32 ± 10 pmol.min-mmol.l; p = 0.001), respectively. The presence of positive family history of T2DM was not associatedwith derangements in insulin sensitivity, beta-cells function and hepatic insulin extraction. Conclusion: In an admixed sample of Brazilian adolescents, the hyperglycemic clamp test demonstrated a strong influence of adiposity and no direct influence of family history of T2DMin different aspects of glucose metabolism. ER  - 
Clinicopathological characteristics of papillary thyroid cancer in children with emphasis on pubertal status and association with BRAFV600E mutation; Objective: Papillary thyroid cancer (PTC) may behave differently in prepubertal children as compared to pubertal children and adults. BRAF gene activating mutations may associate with PTC by creating aberrant activation. We aimed to evaluate the clinicopathological characteristics of PTC patients with emphasis on the pubertal status and also to investigate the association of BRAFV600E mutation with disease characteristics. Methods: The medical records of 75 patients with PTC were reviewed retrospectively. BRAFV600E mutation status was available only in the medical records of 56 patients. Results: Mean age at diagnosis was 12.4±3.8 years. There was no difference in sex, initial signs, tumor histopathology, and pathological evidence of tumor aggressiveness between prepubertal and pubertal children. Although not statistically significant, lateral neck nodal metastasis and lung metastasis at diagnosis were more prevalent in prepubertal children. After excluding patients with microcarcinoma, prepubertal children were found to require lateral neck dissection and further doses of radioactive iodine more frequently than pubertal patients. Recurrence was also more frequent in prepubertal children (p=0.016). Frequency of BRAFV600E mutation was similar in prepubertal and pubertal patients. BRAFV600E mutation was found in 14/56 (25%) patients and was high in the classic variant PTC (p=0.004). Multicentricity was high in BRAFV600E mutation (p=0.01). There was no relation between BRAFV600E mutation and lymph node and pulmonary metastasis at diagnosis, or between BRAFV600E mutation and pathological evidence of tumor aggressiveness. Conclusion: PTC is more disseminated in prepubertal children. BRAFV600E mutation does not correlate with a more extensive or aggressive disease. BRAFV600E mutation is not the cause of the differences in the biological behavior of PTC in prepubertal and pubertal children. ER  - 
Treatment of pre-pubertal patients with growth hormone deficiency: Patterns in growth hormone dosage and insulin-like growth factor-I Z-scores; Objective: To describe the range of insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) z-score values (IGF-Iz) and growth hormone (GH) dose adjustments in pre-pubertal patients with GH deficiency (GHD) treated with GH in a single tertiary care center. Methods: This is a retrospective review of GH-treated patients of ages ≤9 years with GHD, seen in an endocrinology clinic in 2013-2014. Patient demographics and pre-treatment anthropometrics, GH treatment duration, IGF-Iz, and GH dosage (mg/kg/week) were extracted. Multipredictor linear regression was used to evaluate the associations between IGF-Iz and GH dosage and subject gender, race, insurance type, age, and clinical characteristics. Logistic regression was used to calculate the odds ratio of direction of GH dose adjustment (decrease/no change versus increase) and IGF-Iz category based on patient clinical characteristics, accounting for provider random effect. Results: Forty-one percent (57/139) of IGF-Iz were outside the “normal” range of between -2 and +2 standard deviation; the majority of IGF-Iz beyond the “normal” range (93%) were supraphysiologic [>+2 standard deviation score (SDS)]. Of the IGF-Iz >+2, 10/53 (18%) were followed by a GH dose increase and 30/53 (57%) had no dose change. Patient clinical characteristics and demographics did not significantly increase the odds of being in the IGF-Iz >+2 SDS category or having a dose increase in multipredictor logistic regression models. Conclusion: GH dosages and IGF-Iz varied, without significant patient clinical predictors. IGF-Iz was frequently supraphysiologic, and these levels often did not prompt a reduction in GH dose, likely influenced by a variety of factors. Our study emphasizes the need for better understanding of long-term safety and efficacy of maintaining supraphysiologic levels of IGF-Iz. ER  - 
Alterations in the programming of energy metabolism in adolescents with background exposure to dioxins, dl-PCBs and PBDEs; Objectives: Dioxins and PCBs are highly toxic and persistent environmental pollutants that are measurable in humans worldwide. These persistent organic pollutants are associated with a higher incidence of diabetes mellitus. We hypothesise that perinatal (background) exposure to industrial pollutants like dioxins also influences body mass development and energy metabolism in later life. Study design: In The Netherlands, the perinatal exposure (prenatal exposure and postnatal lactational intake) to dioxins has been studied prospectively since 1987. Fasting glucose, insulin, HbA1c and leptin were analysed in 33 children of the original cohort of 60. BMI, glucose: insulin and BMI:leptin ratios were calculated. Prenatal exposure, lactational intake and current serum levels of dioxins (PCDD/F), dl-PCBs and PBDE concentrations were determined using (HR)GC-MS. Results: Prenatal dioxin (PCDD/F) exposure was positively correlated to the glucose:insulin ratio (p = 0.024) and negatively correlated to the fasting insulin concentration (p = 0.017) in adolescence. Postnatal lactational PCDD/F intake was also negatively correlated to fasting insulin concentration (p = 0.028). Current serum levels of PCDD/Fs and total TEQ (dl-PCBs +PCDD/Fs) were positively correlated to the fasting serum glucose concentration (p = 0.015 and p = 0.037, respectively).No metabolic effects were seen in association with current serum levels of PBDEs. A positive correlation between the insulin and leptin concentrations (p = 0.034) was observed. No effects were found on leptin levels, BMI:leptin ratio, HbA1c levels or BMI. Discussion/Conclusion: This study indicates that prenatal and lactational exposure influences glucose metabolism in adolescents, presumably through a negative effect on insulin secretion by pancreatic beta cells. Additionally, the very low recent background exposure to dioxins in puberty possibly has an effect on the glucose level. ER  - 
Understanding the immunopathogenesis of juvenile-onset SLE using immune and metabolic phenotyping; Introduction: Juvenile-onset systemic lupus erythematosus (JSLE) is an autoimmune disorder characterized by immune cell dysregulation, chronic inflammation and increased cardiovascular risk. Disease onset dominates mid-puberty and the female to male ratio is 4.5:1, suggesting a hormonal importance in disease pathogenesis. JSLE patients have more aggressive disease, more major organ involvement and increased standardised mortality ratios compared to patients with adult-onset SLE yet research into JSLE is uncommon. Our previous findings show that defects in immune cell lipid metabolism con-tribute to disease pathogenesis in adult-onset SLE. However, in JSLE little is known about the immune profile or whether abnormal lipid metabolism also contributes to pathogenesis. Objectives: Since altered metabolism plays a role in adult-onset SLE our objective was to explore this in JSLE through in depth immune and metabolic phenotyping of a cohort of JSLE patients and age and gender matched healthy donors (HCs). Methods: Flow cytometry was carried out using two 15-colour panels to immune-phenotype peripheral blood mononuclear cells from 39 healthy donors (HCs, 17 male, 22 female, mean age 18) and 35 JSLE patients (12 male, 23 female, mean age 19). Data was analysed by cluster and phenotype-phenotype correlation. Flow cytometry was also used to measure functional and metabolic marker expression on immune cell subsets. Data was correlated with clinical assessments of disease. Results: Patients with JSLE were characterised by increased naïve and decreased memory B-cell and T-cell subsets and increased monocyte frequency (p = 0.0013) compared to HCs. Furthermore, phenotype-phenotype correlation analysis identified differential asso-ciations between naïve and memory immune cell subtypes when comparing the HC and JSLE cohorts. CD4+ and CD8+ T-cells from JSLE patients had elevated membrane lipid raft (p = 0.0185, p = 0.0087) and glucose transport receptor (GLUT-1) (p = 0.0205, p = 0.0017) expression suggesting that they were more metabolically active. Metabolic defects were also found in monocytes and plasmacytoid dendritic cells. The expression of these metabolic markers on different subsets correlated with cell frequency suggesting a role of cell metabolism in driving the JSLE phenotype. Furthermore the metabolic immune-phenotype in JSLE correlated positively with disease activity, erythrocyte sedimentation rate and dsDNA titre and negatively with complement protein C3 supporting the hypothesis that altered metabolism is associated with JSLE devel-opment and severity. Unsupervised hierarchical cluster analysis of patient clinical data re-vealed that JSLE patients in this cohort could be stratified into 5 groups each with a unique clinical identity mainly associated with disease activity markers and the presence of anti-cardiolipin anti-bodies. Each group had a unique immune-phenotype and metabolic profile. Conclusion: Differences in the metabolic profiles of immune cell subsets in JSLE contribute to disease pathogenesis and severity. Cellular metabolic regulators may therefore have therapeutic benefit for JSLE patients. Defining these patient groups further may help to determine the therapeutic benefit of these and other therapeutics and allow for the treatment patients in a more effective and personalised manner. ER  - 
Metabolic features of adult and adolescent first-degree relatives of women with polycystic ovary syndrome: A systematic review and meta-analysis; OBJECTIVE: Women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) have a 2- fold increased risk of metabolic syndrome (1). The risk of metabolic complications in first-degree relatives (FDR) of PCOS women is unclear (2, 3). The present analysis aimed to determine the metabolic risks of adult and adolescent FDR of PCOS women (i.e. fathers, mothers, brothers, sisters, sons and daughters) vs controls. Primary outcomes were mean differences in BMI, and odds for type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM2), metabolic syndrome (MetS), stroke, and myocardial infarction (MI). DESIGN: Systematic review and meta-analysis. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A literature search was conducted (MEDLINE, CINAHL, EMBASE, WEB OF SCIENCE, COCHRANE LIBRARY) through September 2016, identifying observational studies reporting BMI, DM2, and MetS in adult and adolescent FDR of PCOS women and a comparator population. Search terms included: polycystic ovarian syndrome, PCOD, PCOS, hyperandrogenism, hirsutism, nuclear family, parents, fathers, mothers, sisters, brothers, siblings, daughters, sons, children, twins, offspring, first degree relatives, family members, family history, PCOS kindreds, probands, generation, and other relevant subject or thesaurus terms. Data were presented as odds ratio (OR) or mean difference (MD) [95% confidence interval (CI)] with fixed- or random- effects meta-analysis. Quality testing was based on Newcastle-Ottawa Scaling. RESULTS: The initial search yielded 4607 reports, of which 18 studies (1244 FDR and 2404 controls) were selected for inclusion in the metaanalysis. Mean BMI was higher in FDR of PCOS patients: fathers (MD 2.49 kg/m2, 95% CI 1.53-3.45), brothers (MD 1.62 kg/m2, 95% CI 0.51-2.74) and daughters at Tanner I stage (MD 0.80 kg/m2, 95% CI 0.44-1.16); but similar to controls for other FDR. The odds ratio for MetS was higher in fathers (OR 3.40, 95% CI 1.13-10.22), mothers (OR 2.23, 95% CI 1.34-3.70), brothers (OR 2.93, 95% CI 1.54-5.55) compared to controls. The odds ratio for DM2 was higher in fathers (OR 4.13, 95% CI 0.75-22.77), and mothers (OR 1.30, 95% CI 0.59- 2.88). The odds ratio was higher in fathers, but not mothers, of PCOS patients for stroke (OR 4.05, 95% CI 1.92-8.56) and MI (OR 1.95, 95% CI 1.26-3.01). Data for MetS, DM2, stroke or MI in sisters, daughters, and sons was insufficient for meta-analysis. CONCLUSIONS: Our systematic review suggests that first-degree relatives of women with PCOS, compared to controls, have increased risk for metabolic and vascular morbidities. However, overall few studies have determined the risk of these long-term complications in FDR of PCOS women and further research is needed. ER  - 
Progression of endocrine andmetabolic variables in adulthood in prader-willi syndrome-a retrospective review of patients attending a single centre; Prader-Willisyndrome (PWS) is a genetic condition usually diagnosed in childhood, associated with multiple endocrine and metabolic abnormalities, and with reported prevalence of 1/8000 to 1/45000. It is likely that the phenotype of PWS in adulthood is changing due to changes in paediatric practice including intensive intervention to limit weight gain, and widespread use of sex steroid and growth hormone replacement. Although most patients now live into adult life the majority of published data is from paediatric populations. This was a retrospective observational study of the progression of endocrine and metabolic variables in early adulthood in patients with PWS attending an Irish tertiary referral centre. Data are expressed as median (range).We studied 23 adult PWS patients 8 males and 15 females who had data available from before age 18, and who were followed up for a median duration of 7.5(1-17) years. Initial BMI was 24(16-53)kg/m2. Fifteen subsequently gained weight, the median increase being 7.5(2-26)kg/m2. No males and 3 females entered puberty spontaneously. Among those who did not, gonadal replacement was prescribed in 1 male and 6 females. 6 developed diabetes, themedian age being 20. 18 were diagnosed with severe growth hormone (GH) deficiency, and 8 continued GH replacement into adult life. 4 were diagnosed with osteoporosis. In summary, significant metabolic changes occur in early adult life in patients with PWS. BMI increases and diabetes occurs in some patients. Few undergo spontaneous puberty, and most are not receiving gonadal replacement. There is currently little evidence guiding optimal management of PWS in adulthood. ER  - 
Hyperandrogenism and polycystic ovary syndrome in reproductive-age women with diabetes-Insights from androgen measurement using Liquid Chromatography-Mass Spectrometry(LC-MS); The prevalence of hyperandrogenism (HA) and polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) are increased in reproductive-age Type 1 diabetic (T1DM) women. These observations are based on immunoassay-measurement of androgens; no studies have been reported using more accurate liquid-chromatographymass-spectrometry (LCMS). Using LCMS, we aimed to characterize androgen profiles and PCOS status in women with T1DM (n=87), and compare them with normal women (n=101), Type 2 diabetic women (T2DM, n=32), and women with PCOS (n=97). Compared to respective sub-groups of BMImatched non-diabetic women, the dehydroepiandrosterone sulphate (DHEAS)/dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA-OX) ratio was greater (0.47 vs. 0.33, p=0.03) in T1DM, while DHEA-OX (5.7 vs 12.2 nM, p=0.0005) and SHBGlevels (26.2 vs. 37.5 nmol/L, p=0.01) were lower and free testosterone (2.0 vs 1.6 %, p=0.01), DHEAS(5.95 vs. 3.9 nM, p=0.0008) and DHEAS/ DHEA-OX ratio(0.86 vs. 0.28, p<0.0001) greater in T2DM. Compared to T1DM women without clinical HA, those with HA (with or without anovulation) had greater total testosterone (1.26 vs. 1.14 nM, p=0.04) and androstenedione (7.06 vs. 4.91 nM, p=0.004). The 18% of T1DM women with PCOS (NIH criteria) had an older age of menarche (13.0 vs. 12.5 years, P<0.05) and were more likely (12.5% vs. 2.82%, P<0.05) to have a positive family history of PCOS. Androgen levels did not differ between women with T1DM and PCOS compared to BMI-matched non-diabetic women with PCOS, but androstenedione levels were greater (8.17 vs. 5.45nM, p=0.03) in lean non-diabetic women compared to overweight women with PCOS. In summary, T1DM and T2DM are associated with differing effects on androgen levels. Testosterone and androstenedione are most useful biochemical markers of clinical HA in T1DM. The mechanisms underlying PCOS in T1DM and its clinical significance are unknown. ER  - 
Endocrine complications in thalassemic patients and its relation to genotype; Objective: To determine the frequency of endocrine complications in thalassemic patients and their relation with genotype. Study Design: Cross-sectional study. Place and Duration of Study: Division of Endocrinology, Department of Pediatric Hematology, National Institute of Blood Disease & Bone Marrow Transplantation from Jan 2012 to Jan 2015. Methodology: Seventy two diagnosed cases of β-thalassemia major children on the basis of Hb electrophoresis and DNA amplification by PCR including both male and female of 10-20 years were recruited in the study. Presence of endocrinopathies was evaluated using physical, biochemical and hematological parameters. Results: Short stature and delayed puberty was present in 54(75%) and 51(70.8 %) patients respectively in homozygous and heterozygous β-thalassemia. Both the complications were most frequently observed in the age group 11-15 yrs. Hypothyroidism, hypoparathyroidism and Insulin Dependent Diabetes Mellitus (IDDM) was present in 10 (13.8%), 2 (2.7%) and 4 (5.6%) patients respectively. All four patients having IDDM belonged to age group 16-20 yrs. Complications were more common in homozygous thalassemics. Conclusion: Prevalence of endocrine complications is high in thalas-semic patients of Pakistan. Homozygous thalassemic patients need more strict monitoring for complications and chelation for serum ferritin control. ER  - 
Bone accrual in children and adolescents with pancreatic insufficient cystic fibrosis; Cystic fibrosis bone disease (CFBD) is prevalent in adults with CF, but its origins remain poorly understood. In otherwise healthy individuals, peak bone mass is determined during childhood and predicts adult osteoporosis risk. The extent to which bone accrual is “normal” in children with CF is not known. This study aimed to quantify bone mineral accrual relative to growth, pubertal status, and body composition in children and adolescents with CF. Methods: Secondary analysis was completed on baseline and 12 mo DXA data from children and adolescents with pancreatic insufficient CF enrolled in a nutrition study. Annualized velocities were calculated for whole body bone mineral content (WBBMC-vel) and lumbar spine bone mineral density (LSBMD-vel), and velocity standard deviation scores (-Z) were derived based upon gender- and pubertal status-specific models developed from the multi-center, longitudinal “Bone Mineral Density in Childhood Study.” Models included baseline characteristics (age, height (HT), lean body mass (LBM), and either WBBMC or LSBMD), pubertal status (pubertal stage 1-2 or 3-5), HT velocity (HT-vel), and LBM accrual (LBMvel) over the year. Relationships of WBBMC-vel-Z and LSBMD-vel-Z with age, HT-vel, LBM-vel, and pulmonary function (FEV1%-predicted) were assessed through graphical inspection and correlations. Results: Data were available for 65 participants (37M/28F), mean (±SD) age of 9.8±2.9y with baseline HT-Z=-0.40±0.91, WT-Z=-0.42±0.69; BMI-Z=-0.11±0.72, FEV1%-predicted=98 (35-148), HT-adjusted WBBMC- Z= -0.13±0.84, and HT-adjusted LSBMD-Z=-0.02±33; and WBBMC- vel-Z =0.21±1.03 and LSBMD-vel-Z=0.029±1.02. LSBMD-vel-Z was <-1SD in 14.5% and WBBMC-vel-Z <-1 SD in 10.8%. LSBMD-vel-Z and WBBMC-vel-Z were correlated with baseline LSBMD-Z (R=0.87, p<0.0001 and R=0.34, p=0.006) but not with age, BMI-Z, HT-vel, LBMvel, or FEV1%-predicted or change in FEV1%-predicted. Conclusions: In a relatively healthy pancreatic insufficient CF cohort, 1) bone mineral accrual was generally normal for growth and body composition, and 2) lower accrual was not associated with worse pulmonary function or nutritional status. Whether chronically low accrual during childhood or accelerated loss in adulthood underlies CFBD is not known. Longitudinal studies are needed to clarify these mechanisms and provide insight for bone health preservation.. ER  - 
The effect of bone mineral density on lung transplantation outcomes in adults with cystic fibrosis; Introduction: Cystic fibrosis bone disease (CFBD) is common in people with cystic fibrosis (CF) due to poor nutrient absorption, chronic illness, delayed puberty, early hypogonadism and aberrant osteoclast to osteoblast activity. Osteoporosis is often identified in CF patients being considered for lung transplantation yet little is known what effect CFBD has on the post-transplant clinical course. We aimed to characterize the relationship between pre-transplant bone mineral density (BMD) and post-operative outcomes. Methods: We conducted a retrospective observational cohort study and included all adult patients with cystic fibrosis who underwent lung transplantation at the Emory University McKelvey Lung Transplant Center between May 2005 and March 2016. We excluded patients who (i) had received prior organ transplants, (ii) were lost to follow-up within one year, or (iii) underwent high dose steroid therapy in the 6-month period prior to transplantation. Results: Twenty-three patients were included in our analysis: 11 (48%) male, mean age at transplant 29.9 (SD 8.5), mean BMI prior to transplant 19.1 (SD 1.83). Of 23 subjects, 10 (43%) patients died a mean of 794 days after transplant. Bone dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA) was done in 20/23 (87%) patients pre-transplant: 7/20 (35%) were osteoporotic and 10/20 (50%) were osteopenic pre-transplant with bone mineral density T-scores at the lumbar spine and hip of -1.5 (SD 1.55) and -1.6 (SD 0.84) respectively. Of the 16 patients who had follow-up DXA post-transplant, 8 (50%) had a reduction in BMD with a mean change in T-score of -0.35 (SD 0.80). Pre-transplant vitamin D level, testosterone level and presence of CF-related diabetes did not influence the trajectory of BMD after transplant. At least one acute rejection episode was seen in 11/23 (48%) patients. A reduction in BMD after transplant did not correlate with likelihood of acute rejection (p=0.58) nor did the presence of osteoporosis after transplant (p=0.37). Fractures were recorded in 2/23 (9%) of patients in the post-transplant period. Post-transplant nadir FEV1 was similar in the presence or absence of post-transplant osteoporosis (49.6 vs. 34.8% of predicted, p=0.55). There was no association between osteoporosis post-transplant and mortality. Conclusions: CFBD is common pre-transplant and many patients will continue to lose BMD despite optimization of bone health. We found no adverse effects of a declining BMD but longer follow-up of a larger sample is required to confirm this.. ER  - 
Insulin resistance and bone age advancement in girls with central precocious puberty; Purpose: Precocious puberty has significantly increased recently. While obesity is associated with puberty timing, the relationship between obesity and central precocious puberty (CPP) remains controversial. The purpose of this study was to determine whether insulin resistance is associated with bone age (BA) advancement in girls with CPP. Methods: We retrospectively analyzed the records of 804 girls referred for puberty evaluation. Anthropometric measurements, BA, sex hormone, sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG), and insulin levels, lipid profiles, and gonadotropin releasing hormone stimulation tests were assessed. Insulin resistance parameters were calculated using the homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI) models. Results: BA, BA advancement, free estradiol index, insulin, and HOMA-IR increased significantly in girls with high body mass index (BMI) compared with that of girls with low BMI in cases of CPP. HOMA-IR was positively correlated with BA advancement and BMI but negatively correlated with SHBG. QUICKI was negatively correlated with BA advancement and BMI and positively correlated with SHBG. When HOMA-IR increased by 1, the odds for BA advancement increased 120% after adjusting for age and BMI (P=0.033). Conclusion: Insulin resistance could be associated with BA advancement in girls with CPP. ER  - 
Neck circumference and clustered cardiovascular risk factors in children and adolescents: Cross-sectional study; Objective Early detection of cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors, such as obesity, is crucial to prevent adverse long-term effects on individuals' health. Therefore, the aims were: (1) to explore the robustness of neck circumference (NC) as a predictor of CVD and examine its association with numerous anthropometric and body composition indices and (2) to release sex and age-specific NC cut-off values to classify youths as overweight/obese. Design Cross-sectional study. Setting 23 primary schools and 17 secondary schools from Spain. Participants 2198 students (1060 girls), grades 1-4 and 7-10. Measures Pubertal development, anthropometric and body composition indices, systolic and diastolic blood pressure (SBP and DBP, respectively), cardiorespiratory fitness, blood sampling triglycerides (TG), total cholesterol (TC), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-c), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-c), glucose and inflammatory markers. Homoeostasis model assessment (HOMA-IR) and cluster of CVD risk factors were calculated. Results NC was positively correlated with all anthropometric and body composition indices. NC was negatively associated with maximum oxygen consumption (R 2 =0.231, p<0.001 for boys; R 2 =0.018, p<0.001 for girls) and positively associated with SBP, DBP, TC/HDL-c, TG, HOMA, complement factors C-3 and C-4, leptin, adiponectin and clustered CVD risk factor in both sexes (R 2 from 0.035 to 0.353, p<0.01 for boys; R 2 from 0.024 to 0.215, p<0.001 for girls). Moreover, NC was positively associated with serum C reactive protein, LDL-c and visfatin only in boys (R 2 from 0.013 to 0.107, p<0.05). Conclusion NC is a simple, low-cost and practical screening tool of excess of upper body obesity and CVD risk factors in children and adolescents. Paediatricians can easily use it as a screening tool for overweight/obesity in children and adolescents. For this purpose, sex and age-specific thresholds to classify children and adolescents as normal weight or overweight/obese are provided. ER  - 
EPMA world congress: Traditional forum in predictive, preventive and personalised medicine for multi-professional consideration and consolidation; EPMA was created in 2009 as the Forum for Predictive, Preventive and Personalised Medicine (PPPM). During the 8 years since then, EPMA meetings - in the form of world congresses and international summits [1- 3] - have traditionally included multi-professional presentations, discussions, considerations, publications, and consolidation in the field of PPPM. The EPMA Journal releases over 90% of publications dedicated to PPPM worldwide, acting as the leading journal in the field. EPMA currently comprises a network of over 50 countries globally, actively contributing to the innovative concepts of PPPM. For more information, please see www.epmanet.eu The EPMA World Congress 2017 in Malta is specifically focused on the following topics: PPPM in Cancer, PPPM in Neurodegenerative Neurological Neuropsychiatric Disorders (NNND), PPPM in Cardiovascular Disease, PPPM in Diabetes Mellitus and related pathologies, PPPM in Dentistry, Innovative Technologies in PPPM, and Innovative PPPM Strategies in Healthcare. Global challenges and PPPM-solutions: Long-term strategies of the EPMA (keynote speech by the EPMA Secretary-General, Prof. Dr. Olga Golubnitschaja, September 14th) will be presented based on the “EPMA position paper 2016” as the fundamental document of the association [4]. Several approaches have been suggested in modern medicine for optimising medical services, including person-centred, personalised, individualised, and precision medicine. The great plurality of approaches indicates a broad understanding of clear deficits which do exist in currently applied medical services and the attempts of diverse professional groups to remedy them. On the other hand, there is a growing understanding that persisting deficits are fundamental in nature and, therefore, cannot be solved by superficial modifications of health care systems facilitating individual technologies such as “cancer genomics” by “precision medicine.” Global deficits are well-defined and have been described elsewhere as unpredictable, unpreventable, and impersonal medicine. It is evident that a paradigm shift is needed to move from “reactive” to “predictive, preventive and personalised medicine” as a new philosophy formedical services covering both “health care” and “disease care”, promoting an integrated approach combining advantages of individual biomedical fields and technologies, and consolidating a multi-professional collaboration. An individual with an actual or potential disease wants a medicine in which he/she is at the centre, a medicine which is tailored to his/her polymorphism, a medicine which is able to provide him/her with the right therapy, in the right dose, at the right moment, for the right period of time. But he/she also wants a medicine which is able to predict and prevent possible diseases. He/she is not interested in the way in which this kind of medicine is described. However, he/she is interested in understanding why it is described in that way, in order to appreciate its potential to restore health. And this is the real advantage of speaking in terms of predictive, preventive, and personalised medicine: the actual or potential patient understands what is going on! Nevertheless, there is something more. PPPM lends itself to the role of an overarching umbrella under which the main ethical issues of contemporary biomedicine can be positively tackled. Flammer syndrome (FS) in the context of PPPM (keynote speech by Prof. Dr. Josef Flammer and Dr. Katarzyna Konieczka, Ophthalmologic Clinic, University of Basel, September 15th) will present a special phenotype/ health condition which is clearly relevant for disease development and individual outcomes in several pathologies including glaucoma, multiple sclerosis, breast cancer, and metastatic disease, amongst others [5-9]. FS is frequently observed in young populations (the symptoms appear early in puberty), making innovative PPPM approaches particularly meaningful in the area of population screening, predictive diagnostics, targeted prevention, and individualised prognosis. Innovative healthcare strategies PPPM represents only innovative biomedical sciences but also advanced healthcare services focusing on the patient's needs and the most optimal solutions for society as the whole. The practical aspects of the paradigm change from “unPPPM” to PPPM will be discussed at dedicated sessions including global healthcare benefits (keynote speech by Prof. Dr. Russel Andrews, NASA, USA, September 16th), socioeconomic aspects of the PPPM implementation, and creation of new institutions to facilitate the development of PPPM services in healthcare. Breast Cancer Epidemic in the early Twenty-First century [10] is the “leitmotiv” of the specialised congress session “PPPM in Cancer”. PPPM approaches will be discussed to apply multi-level diagnostics in order to improve the patient stratification, prediction of disease development and progression, targeted preventive measures, and personalised treatment algorithms [11]. PPPM in Neurological, Neurodegenerative and Neuropsychiatric Disorders (NNND) is a specialised session which will present the top expertise in the relevant areas including computer-assisted disease-modelling, personalised approaches to diagnosis and treatment in psychiatry, neuroinflammation, neurodegeneration, suboptimal health conditions, and comorbidities, amongst others. PPPM in Diabetes Mellitus is a specialised session dedicated to the innovative approaches for predicting, preventing, and effectively treating the metabolic syndrome, its pre-stages and comorbidities, and special health conditions such as pregnancy. PPPMin Cardiovascular Disease (CVD) is a specialised session featuring a collection of innovative data regarding CVD prevention in stratified cohorts, as well as molecular pathways targeted for CVD prediction and prognosis. PPPM in Dentistry is a specialised session with multi-professional expertise which will present a whole spectrum of the field related innovation including the role of stem cells in tooth regeneration (keynote speech by Prof. Dr. Mahmood Mozaffari, University of Augusta, USA, September 16th), dental health in childhood, caries prevention in stratified patient cohorts, personalised orthopaedic treatments, and prevention of severe complications in CVD patients with dental pathologies, amongst others. Innovative Technologies in PPPM is a specialised session with multiprofessional expertise which will introduce unique technologies such as liquid biopsy (keynote speech by Prof. Dr. Evi S. Lianidou, University of Athens, Greece, September 15th), health condition-specific biomarker panels discovered in human tear fluid and saliva, and disease-specific multi-omics approaches, amongst others. Workshop of young professionals in PPPM (EPMA-YPS, September 14th) is the traditional session presenting new ideas developed by young researchers, including “Mini-encyclopaedia of Wound Healing: Lessons for PPPM”, “Longevity - good luck or reasonable lifelong healthcare strategy?” The best presentations chosen by the international jury-board of prominent scientists will be awarded by the EPMA. The award ceremony will take place on September 16th. The University of Malta, as the host of the EPMA World Congress 2017, has created an excellent platform for an effective congress and a pleasant atmosphere for the thematic sessions scheduled in the congress programme, as well as spontaneous professional meetings to exchange professional information and to plan new, successful projects in PPPM. ER  - 
Combined androgen excess and Western-style diet accelerates adipose tissue dysfunction in young adult, female nonhuman primates; Study Question: What are the separate and combined effects of mild hyperandrogenemia and consumption of a high-fat Western-style diet (WSD) on white adipose tissue (WAT) morphology and function in young adult female nonhuman primates? Summary Answer: Combined exposure to mild hyperandrogenemia and WSD induces visceral omental (OM-WAT) but not subcutaneous (SC-WAT) adipocyte hypertrophy that is associated with increased uptake and reduced mobilization of free fatty acids. What is Known Already: Mild hyperandrogenemia in females, principally in the context of polycystic ovary syndrome, is often associated with adipocyte hypertrophy, but the mechanisms of associated WAT dysfunction and depot specificity remain poorly understood. Study Design, Size and Duration: Female rhesus macaques were randomly assigned at 2.5 years of age (near menarche) to receive either cholesterol (C; n = 20) or testosterone (T; n = 20)-containing silastic implants to elevate T levels 5-fold above baseline. Half of each of these groups was then fed either a low-fat monkey chow diet or WSD, resulting in four treatment groups (C, control diet; T alone; WSD alone; T + WSD; n = 10/group) that were maintained until the current analyses were performed at 5.5 years of age (3 years of treatment, young adults). Participants/Materials, Setting and Methods: OM and SC-WAT biopsies were collected and analyzed longitudinally for in vivo changes in adipocyte area and blood vessel density, and ex vivo basal and insulin-stimulated fatty acid uptake and basal and isoproterenol-stimulated lipolysis. Main Results and The Role of Chance: In years 2 and 3 of treatment, the T + WSD group exhibited a significantly greater increase in OM adipocyte size compared to all other groups (P < 0.05), while the size of SC adipocytes measured at the end of the study was not significantly different between groups. In year 3, both WAT depots from the WSD and T + WSD groups displayed a significant reduction in local capillary length and vessel junction density (P < 0.05). In year 3, insulin-stimulated fatty acid uptake in OM-WAT was increased in the T + WSD group compared to year 2 (P < 0.05). In year 3, basal lipolysis was blunted in the T and T + WSD groups in both WAT depots (P < 0.01), while isoproterenol-stimulated lipolysis was significantly blunted in the T and T + WSD groups only in SC-WAT (P < 0.01). Limitations, Reasons for Caution: At this stage of the study, subjects were still relatively young adults, so that the effects of mild hyperandrogenemia and WSD may become more apparent with increasing age. Wider Implications of The Findings: The combination of mild hyperandrogenemia and WSD accelerates the development of WAT dysfunction through T-specific (suppression of lipolytic response by T), WSD-dependent (reduced capillary density) and combined T + WSD (increased fatty acid uptake) mechanisms. These data support the idea that combined hyperandrogenemia and WSD increases the risk of developing obesity in females. Study Funding/Competing Interest(s): Research reported in this publication was supported by the Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development of the National Institutes of Health under award number P50 HD071836 to C.T. R. and award number OD 011092 from the Office of the Director, National Institutes of Health, for operation of the Oregon National Primate Research Center. The content is solely the responsibility of the authors and does not necessarily represent the official views of the National Institutes of Health. ER  - 
Prevalence and risk factors for type 2 diabetes mellitus with Prader-Willi syndrome: A single center experience Dr. Segolene Ayme; Background: Prader-Willi syndrome (PWS) is often related to severe obesity and type-2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). However, few studies, and none in Korea, have examined prevalence of T2DM and other variables in PWS. The aim of this study was to identify the prevalence and associated risk factors for T2DM in Korean patients with PWS. Methods: We performed a retrospective cohort study of the 84 PWS patients aged 10 or over (10.3-35.8 years of age) diagnosed with PWS at Samsung Medical Center from 1994 to 2016. We estimated occurrence of T2DM according to age (10-18 years versus >18 years), body mass index (BMI), genotype, history of growth hormone therapy, homeostasis model of assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), and the presence of dyslipidemia, hypogonadism, or central precocious puberty. Additionally, we investigated cutoff values of risk factors for development of T2DM. Results: Twenty-nine of a total 211 patients, diagnosed with PWS over the study period, were diagnosed as having T2DM (13.7%, mean age 15.9 ± 3.6 years). In the >18 years group, obesity, HOMA-IR, and presence of dyslipidemia, hypogonadism, or central precocious puberty were associated with the occurrence of T2DM in univariate analysis. In multivariate logistic regression analysis, only obesity (p = 0.001) and HOMA-IR (p < 0.001) were significant predictive factors for T2DM. Based on the receiver operating a characteristic curve analysis, the cutoff values of HOMA-IR and BMI for predicting T2DM were >2.7 and >28.49 kg/m2, respectively. Of the 29 patients, seven had ≥1 microvascular complication, with non-proliferative diabetic retinopathy in 6 of 7 cases. Advanced age and HOMA-IR were positively correlated with diabetic microvascular complications (p < 0.05, Spearman correlation coefficient 0.393 and 0.434, respectively). Conclusions: The prevalence of diabetes in Korean PWS was similar to that in previous results. BMI and HOMA-IR were strong predictive factors for the development of T2DM in PWS. We specifically suggest the regular monitoring of glucose homeostasis parameters through a detailed settlement of ethnically specific cutoff values for BMI and HOMA-IR in PWS to prevent progression of T2DM and diabetic microvascular complications. ER  - 
Growth and pubertal patterns in young survivors of childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia; Survivors of acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) may experience endocrine dysfunction. This study evaluated growth and pubertal patterns in survivors of childhood ALL. Longitudinal assessment of anthropometric measurements and pubertal status was performed in a retrospective cohort of survivors (n=183). Median age at last endocrine visit was 16.1 years (range 8.2-27.6); median follow-up time was 8.7 years (range 3-21.4). Treatment with chemotherapy+prophylactic cranial radiation (pCRT, n=29) was associated with lower mean height standard deviation score (SDS) than chemotherapy alone (n=154) (p=0.001) and higher prevalence of adult short stature (13% vs. 2.2%). Mean age at pubertal onset was normal (girls: 10.3±1.3 years; boys: 12.0±1.3 years). Precocious puberty, diagnosed in 8.7% of patients, was more prevalent in pCRT-treated girls. Rates of overweight and obesity were 22.9% and 9.3%, respectively. Predictors of endocrine disorders were pCRT (p=0.031) and female gender (p=0.041); of obesity, higher body mass index (BMI)-SDS at diagnosis (p=0.001); and of short stature, lower height-SDS at diagnosis (p=0.038). Most childhood ALL survivors given chemotherapy alone attain normal adult height and puberty. Childhood ALL survivors are at increased risk of overweight, especially those with increased BMI at diagnosis. Clinicians should screen for overweight early in survivorship and introduce early interventions. ER  - 
Standard body mass index reference data of prepubescent diabetic Egyptian children; Background: Data on the growth of diabetic children is conflicting. The aim of this study was to create and validate acceptable body mass index (BMI)-standardized percentiles and curves applied to Egyptian prepubescent diabetic children. Methods: The cross-sectional study comprised 822 prepubescent children with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM), whose ages ranged from 3 years to 10 years ± 6 months. An anthropometric assessment for each child was performed: body weight, height and BMI were calculated (weight [kg]/height [m2]), and glycated hemoglobin levels were determined. Means ± standard deviations (SDs) and the smoothed percentiles of the BMI from age 3-10 years, by sex, for total, controlled and uncontrolled diabetic children were calculated. Comparisons of the 50th percentiles for the controlled and uncontrolled diabetic children, by sex, with those of the Egyptian and World Health Organization (WHO) growth curves were made. Results: For controlled diabetic males and females, the 50th percentile BMI was higher than those of the Egyptian and WHO growth curves, while differences in BMI were recorded for uncontrolled diabetic males and females. For uncontrolled diabetic males, the BMI was lower than the standard Egyptian and WHO growth curves up to 5 years of age, after which it became higher than the standard WHO and lower than the standard Egyptian growth curves from 5 years up to 10 years of age. Contrary to that, the BMI of uncontrolled diabetic females was higher than the standard Egyptian and WHO growth curves up to 6.5 years, between the curves from 6.5 years up to 7.5 years and then became lower than both curves up to 10 years of age. Conclusions: Children with T1DM should use their own BMI percentiles and never be compared with normal healthy children. ER  - 
Association between urinary phthalates and metabolic abnormalities in obese Thai children and adolescents; Background: Several endocrine disruptors (including phthalates) are considered to be a cause of obesity. However, the current evidence has not conclusively established an association between phthalates and metabolic abnormalities, especially in children. The objective of the study was to evaluate the association between urinary phthalate metabolites and metabolic abnormalities in obese Thai children and adolescents. Methods: This cross-sectional case-control study was conducted in participants aged 7-18 years and divided into two groups: normal weight and overweight/obesity. Spot urine concentrations of two phthalate metabolites (monomethyl phthalate [MMP] and mono-n-buthyl phthalate [MBP]) were measured by high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC). Anthropometric data, including weight, height, body mass index (BMI), waist circumference (WC), hip circumference (HC), waist-to-hip ratio (WHR) and waist-to-height ratio (WHTR), were measured and calculated. Fasting plasma glucose, insulin, HbA1c, lipid profiles and hepatic transaminase were analyzed, and insulin resistance indices were calculated. Results: One hundred and fifty-five participants were included. The median MMP level in the normal weight and the overweight/obesity groups were 0 (0, 459.83) and 0 (0, 1623.50) μg/g Cr, respectively (p = 0.933). The median MBP level in the normal weight and the overweight/obesity groups were 233.6 (118.1, 633.62) and 206.94 (7.4, 427.7) μg/g Cr, respectively (p = 0.083). After adjusting for age, gender and puberty, there was no correlation between MBP and all anthropometric data and metabolic profiles. Participants with hypertriglyceridemia had lower MBP levels than those with normal TG level. MMP levels were not significantly different between the participants with normal and abnormal weight of all metabolic parameters. Conclusions: Participants with hypertriglyceridemia had lower MBP levels than those with normotriglyceridemia. However, it cannot show the correlation between phthalate and metabolic parameters. ER  - 
Leptin receptor gene variant rs11804091 is associated with BMI and insulin resistance in Spanish female obese children: A case-control study; Leptin is an endocrine hormone that has a critical role in body weight homoeostasis and mediates its effects via the leptin receptor (LEPR). Common polymorphisms in the genes coding leptin receptors have been associated with metabolic abnormalities. We assessed the association of 28 LEPR polymorphisms with body mass index (BMI) and their relationship with obesity-related phenotypes, inflammation and cardiovascular disease risk biomarkers. A multicentre case-control study was conducted in 522 children (286 with obesity and 236 with normal-BMI). All anthropometric, metabolic factors and biomarkers were higher in children with obesity except apolipoprotein (Apo)-AI, cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-c), and adiponectin, which were lower in the obesity group; and glucose, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-c), and matrix metalloproteinase-9 that did not differ between groups. We identified the associations between rs11208659, rs11804091, rs10157275, rs9436303 and rs1627238, and BMI in the whole population, as well as the association of rs11804091, rs10157275, and rs1327118 with BMI in the female group, although only the rs11804091 remained associated after Bonferroni correction (p = 0.038). This single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNP) was also associated with insulin (p = 0.004), homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) (p = 0.006), quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI) (p = 0.005) and adiponectin (p = 0.046) after adjusting for age, Tanner stage and BMI. Our results show a sex-specific association between the rs11804091 and obesity suggesting an influence of this SNP on insulin resistance. ER  - 
Comparative study of clinical features of patients with celiac disease & those with concurrent celiac disease & type 1 diabetes mellitus; Background & objectives: Celiac disease (CD) and type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) share a common genetic locus and clinical manifestations. The present study was planned to compare clinical, biochemical and hormonal profiles of patients with CD and CD with T1DM. Methods: Records of CD patients with age ≤20 yr, available anthropometric measurements, haematological, biochemical and hormonal workup with tissue transglutaminase IgA antibody and duodenal biopsy (Marsh grade) were screened. The patients were divided into two groups i.e., CD alone (Group A) and concurrent CD with T1DM (Group B). Results: One hundred and nine patients of CD (57 male) with a mean age of 14.9±2.9 yr were evaluated. Of these, 86 (78.9%) patients had CD alone and 23 (13 females) (21.1%) patients had CD with T1DM. The age at diagnosis and the lag duration for the diagnosis of CD were 11.5±4.6 versus 13.8±3.4 yr (P<0.05) and 48.8 ±43.3 versus 20.2±31.8 months (P<0.05) in groups A and B, respectively. The most common histopathological grade was type 3b (59.2%) in group A and type 2 (42.1%) in group B. Short stature (87% vs. 40.9%; P<0.01), anaemia (80.9% vs. 45%, P<0.01) and delayed puberty (61.9% vs. 29.4%; P<0.01) were more common in group A. Interpretation & conclusions: Patients with CD alone have a longer lag time to diagnosis and consequent sequel in the form of anaemia, short stature and delayed puberty, as compared to patients with concurrent CD and T1DM. ER  - 
Pubertal Timing and Cardiometabolic Markers at Age 16 Years; Objective To examine the association between pubertal timing and cardiometabolic markers among adolescents. Study design We used data from Dutch adolescents participating in a birth cohort study. The study population for the current study consisted of 799 adolescents of whom data were available for at least 1 of the exposure variables (pubertal timing and/or age at menarche) and any of the cardiometabolic markers (waist circumference, cholesterol, blood pressure [BP], glycated hemoglobin) measured at age 16 years. Adolescents self-reported pubertal development at ages 11, 14, and 16 years. We categorized participants with early (84 girls, 88 boys), intermediate (240 girls, 211 boys), or late pubertal timing (89 girls, 85 boys). We estimated differences in cardiometabolic markers using linear regression analysis. Results Girls with early pubertal timing had 1.54 cm larger waist circumference (95% CI.05; 3.03) and 3.98 mm Hg higher systolic BP (95% CI 1.69; 6.27) at age 16 years than girls with intermediate pubertal timing. The association with systolic BP remained after adjusting for childhood body mass index (BMI) (age 8 years) but attenuated after adjusting for BMI in adolescence (age 16 years). Boys with early pubertal timing had 0.79 mmol/mol lower glycated hemoglobin (95%CI −1.38; −0.20) than boys with intermediate pubertal timing. Conclusions Girls with early pubertal timing had unfavorable BP levels at age 16 years, independent of BMI in childhood. Girls and boys with late pubertal timing had a tendency for lower waist circumference, but no differences in other cardiometabolic markers. Late pubertal timing does not appear to be a risk factor for unfavorable cardiometabolic markers in adolescence. ER  - 
Prevention of complications in glycogen storage disease type Ia with optimization of metabolic control; Prior to 1971, type Ia glycogen storage disease was marked by life-threatening hypoglycemia, lactic acidosis, severe failure to thrive, and developmental delay. With the introduction of continuous feeds in the 1970s and cornstarch in the 1980s, the prognosis improved, but complications almost universally developed. Changes in the management of type Ia glycogen storage disease have resulted in improved metabolic control, and this manuscript reviews the increasing evidence that complications can be delayed or prevented with optimal metabolic control as previously was seen in diabetes. ER  - 
Symptoms of stress and depression effect percentage of body fat and insulin resistance in healthy youth: LOOK longitudinal study; Objective: This study examined the longitudinal and cross-sectional effects of both psychosocial stress and depressive symptoms on insulin resistance and percentage body fat in a cohort of healthy Australian children, following them from childhood into adolescence. Method: Participants were 791 healthy, initially Grade 2 children (7-8 years; 394 girls), selected from the general community. Psychosocial stress was assessed using the Children's Stress Questionnaire, while depressive symptoms were assessed using the Children's Depression Inventory. Fasting blood samples for serum insulin and plasma glucose were collected to calculate the homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). Other measurements were height, weight, percentage body fat (dual energy x-ray absorptiometry), physical activity (pedometers), and pubertal maturation (Tanner score). Results: Boys who reported more symptoms of depression had higher insulin resistance, irrespective of adiposity (p = .016); and longitudinally, we found a trend for boys who developed more depressive symptoms to develop higher insulin resistance (p = .073). These findings did not extend to girls. Furthermore, boys and girls with higher depressive symptoms had a higher percentage of body fat (p = .011 and .020, respectively); and longitudinally, boys whose depressive symptoms increased became fatter (p = .046). Conclusion: Our data provide evidence that early symptoms of depression increase insulin resistance, independent of adiposity. Our evidence that early symptoms of depression may lead to overweight, and obesity provides further reason to suggest that early attention to children with depression, even in preclinical stages, may reduce risk of chronic disease in later life. ER  - 
The exon3-deleted growth hormone receptor gene polymorphism (d3-GHR) is associated with insulin and spontaneous growth in short SGA children (NESGAS); Objective The effect of a common polymorphism in the Growth Hormone (GH) receptor (d3-GHR) gene on growth, metabolism and body composition was examined in short children born small for gestational age (SGA) on GH treatment. Design In 96 prepubertal, short SGA children treated with high-dose GH (67 μg/kg/day) in the NESGAS study, insulin sensitivity (IS), insulin secretion and disposition index (DI) were determined during the first year of treatment. Body composition was analysed by DXA. The d3-GHR locus was determined by simple multiplex PCR. Results At baseline, children in the d3-GHR group (d3/fl (n = 37), d3/d3 (n = 7)) had significantly lower IS (median (25–75 percentile)) (223.3% (154.4–304.8)) vs. (269.7% (185.1–356.7)) (p = 0.03) and higher concentrations of glucose (mean (SD)) (4.4 mmol/L (0.6) vs. 4.2 mmol/L (0.7)) (p = 0.03), C-peptide (232.1 pmol/L (168.8–304.1) vs. 185.1 pmol/L (137.7–253.9)) (p = 0.04) and insulin (19.2 pmol/L (11.8–32.2)) vs. (13.7 pmol/L (9.3–20.8)) (p = 0.04) compared to children homozygous for the full length allele (fl/fl-GHR (n = 52)). There were no differences in DI or insulin secretion. Postnatal, spontaneous growth was significantly greater in the d3-GHR group compared to the fl/fl-GHR group (p = 0.02). There were no significant differences in growth response, body composition or metabolism after one year of GH therapy. Conclusion Short SGA children carrying the d3-GHR polymorphism had increased spontaneous growth, lower IS and a compensatory increase in glucose, C-peptide and insulin before GH therapy compared to children homozygous for the full-length allele. ER  - 
GNRHR biallelic and digenic mutations in patients with normosmic congenital hypogonadotropic hypogonadism; Objective: Normosmic congenital hypogonadotropic hypogonadism (nCHH) is a rare disorder characterised by lack of pubertal development and infertility, due to deficient production, secretion or action of gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) and, unlike Kallmann syndrome, is associated with a normal sense of smell. Mutations in the GNRHR gene cause autosomal recessive nCHH. The aim of this study was to determine the prevalence of GNRHR mutations in a group of 40 patients with nCHH. Design: Cross-sectional study of 40 unrelated patients with nCHH. Methods: Patients were screened for mutations in the GNRHR gene by DNA sequencing. Results: GNRHR mutations were identified in five of 40 patients studied. Four patients had biallelic mutations (including a novel frameshift deletion p.Phe313Metfs*3, in two families) in agreement with autosomal recessive inheritance. One patient had a heterozygous GNRHR mutation associated with a heterozygous PROKR2 mutation, thus suggesting a possible role of synergistic heterozygosity in the pathogenesis of the disorder. Conclusions: This study further expands the spectrum of known genetic defects associated with nCHH. Although GNRHR mutations are usually biallelic and inherited in an autosomal recessive manner, the presence of a monoallelic mutation in a patient should raise the possibility of a digenic/oligogenic cause of nCHH. ER  - 
11-Oxygenated androgens are biomarkers of adrenal volume and testicular adrenal rest tumors in 21-hydroxylase deficiency; Context: Patients with 21-hydroxylase deficiency (21OHD) have long-term complications, resulting from poor disease control and/or glucocorticoid overtreatment. Lack of optimal biomarkers has made it challenging to tailor therapy and predict long-term outcomes. Objective: To identify biomarkers of disease control and long-term complications in 21OHD. Setting and Participants: Cross-sectional study of 114 patients (70 males), ages 2 to 67 years (median, 15 years), seen in a tertiary referral center. Methods: We correlated a mass-spectrometry panel of 23 steroids, obtained before first morning medication, with bone age advancement (children), adrenal volume (adults), testicular adrenal rest tumors (TART), hirsutism, menstrual disorders, and pituitary hormones. Results: Total adrenal volume correlated positivelywith 18 steroids, most prominently 21-deoxycortisol and four 11-oxygenated-C19 (11oxC19) steroids: 11β-hydroxyandrostenedione (11OHA4), 11-ketoandrostenedione (11ketoA4), 11β-hydroxytestosterone (11OHT), and 11-ketotestosterone (11ketoT) (r ≈ 0.7, P < 0.0001). Nine steroids were significantly higher (P ≤ 0.01) in males with TART compared with those without TART, including 11OHA4 (6.8-fold), 11OHT (4.9-fold), 11ketoT (3.6-fold), 11ketoA4 (3.3-fold), and pregnenolone sulfate (PregS; 4.8-fold). PregS (28.5-fold) and 17-hydroxypregnenolone sulfate (19-fold) levels were higher (P < 0.01) in postpubertal females with menstrual disorders. In males, testosterone levels correlated positively with all 11oxC19 steroids in Tanner stages 1 and 2 (r≈0.7; P<0.001) but negatively in Tanner stage 5 (r =20.3 and P<0.05 for 11ketoA4 and 11ketoT). In females, testosterone level correlated positively with all four 11oxC19 steroids across all Tanner stages (r ≈ 0.8; P < 0.0001). Conclusion: 11oxC19 steroids and PregS might serve as clinically useful biomarkers of disease control and long-term complications in 21OHD. ER  - 
Age at menarche and the risk of heart failure: Results from the EPIC-NL study; Background: Early menarche has been associated with an increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes (T2D) and coronary heart disease (CHD) in adulthood, whereas a late age at menarche has also been associated with an increased risk of CHD. Both T2D and CHD are important risk factors for developing heart failure (HF). We examined whether age at menarche (AAM) was associated with HF incidence in Dutch women who were included in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC) cohort study; the EPIC-NL study. Purpose: To investigate the association between AAM and HF risk. Methods: The EPIC-NL cohort study comprises of 28,504 women of whom 631 were diagnosed with, or died from HF during 15 years of follow-up. Women were categorized in six groups according to their AAM (≤11 years, 12, 13, 14, 15 and ≥16 years). Cox proportional hazard regression models were used to assess the associations between categorized AAM and HF incidence, stratified by cohort and adjusted for age at recruitment, pack years of smoking, alcohol consumption, education level, HDL, non-HDL, menopausal status, hypertension, and hypertension during pregnancy. An age at menarche of 13 was used as the reference category. Results: The mean overall AAM was 13.3 years (SD, 1.6 years). AAM was not associated with HF (see figure 1: AAM ≤11 vs 13: HR= 0.91 (95% CI, 0.67-1.22); AAM ≥16 years vs 13: HR=0.81 (95% CI, 0.60-1.09). Additional adjustment for BMI or having a myocardial infarction before HF did not alter any of the results. Conclusion: This was the first cohort study to investigate the association between AAM and HF risk, with a fairly large sample size and long follow-up. AAM appeared not to affect HF incidence. However, information on HF diagnosis was obtained from the Dutch Hospital Discharge Diagnoses. This may have led to an underestimation of the number of HF cases, as HF cases that are not referred to a hospital will be missed. Moreover, we were not able to differentiate between different types of HF. Thus, more research is needed, preferably in a larger study with more precise information on HF and with a longer follow-up time. ER  - 
Independent relationship between body mass index and LH peak value of GnRH stimulation test in ICPP girls: A cross-sectional study; The effect of obesity on idiopathic central precocious puberty (ICPP) girls is still under discussion. The relationship between body mass index (BMI) and sexual hormone levels of gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) stimulation test in ICPP girls is controversial and the underlying mechanism is unclear. This study aims to further explore the independent effect of excess adiposity on peak luteinizing hormone (LH) level of stimulation test in ICPP girls and the role of other related factors. A retrospective cross-sectional study was performed on 618 girls diagnosed as having ICPP, including 355 cases of normal weight, 99 cases of overweight and 164 cases of obese. The results showed that obese group had more progressed Tanner stage and no significant difference (P=0.28) in LH peak was found as basal LH value was used as a covariate. The obese group had higher total testosterone (TT), adrenocorticotrophic hormone (ACTH), 17-α hydroxyprogesterone (17-αOHP) and androstendione (AN), with significantly increased fasting insulin (FIN) and homeostasis model of assessment for insulin resistance index (HOMA-IR). Stratified analysis showed inconsistency of the relationship between BMI-standard deviation score (BMI-SDS) and LH peak in different Tanner stages (P for interaction=0.017). Further smoothing plot showed linear and non-linear relationship between BMI-SDS and LH peak in three Tanner stages. Then linear regression model was used to analyze the relationship between BMI-SDS and LH peak in different Tanner stages, with and without different confounding factors being adjusted. In B2 stage, BMI-SDS was negatively associated with LH peak. In B3 stage, when BMI-SDS <1.5, as BMI-SDS increased, the level of LH peak decreased (model I: β=-1.8, 95% CI=-4.7 to 1.1, P=0.214). When BMI-SDS ≥1.5, BMI-SDS was significantly positively associated with LH peak (model I: β=4.5, 95% CI=1.7 to 7.4, P=0.002). In B4 stage, when BMI-SDS <1.5, BMI-SDS was negatively associated with LH peak (model I: β=-11.6, 95% CI=-22.7 to-0.5, P=0.049). When BMI-SDS ≥1.5, BMI-SDS was positively associated with LH peak (model I: β=-4.2, 95% CI=-3.3 to 11.7, P=0.28). It is concluded that there is an independent correlation between BMI-SDS and LH peak of stimulation test in ICPP girls, their relationships are different in different Tanner stages, and the effect of BMI-SDS can be affected by adrenal androgens, estradiol and glucose metabolism parameters. ER  - 
Evolution of metabolic alterations 5Years after early puberty in a cohort of girls predisposed to polycystic ovary syndrome; Background: We and others have observed that young girls predisposed to polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) display defective insulin sensitivity, beta-cell function and non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA) suppressibility during early pubertal years, compared to controls. Our objective is to assess whether these differences in glucose and NEFA metabolisms persist after 5years in late/post-puberty. Methods: We conducted a prospective cohort study between 2007 and 2015 with 4-6years of follow-up in an academic institution research center. We compared 8 daughters and sisters of PCOS women (PCOSr) to 8 age-matched girls unrelated to PCOS (±1.5years). Girls were assessed initially at 8-14 years old and re-assessed after a median follow-up of 5.4years, at 13-21 years old. Our main measures were a frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test (FSivGTT)-derived insulin sensitivity (IS) and beta-cell function (disposition index, DIFSivGTT); and indices of NEFA suppression during FSivGTT (logn-linear slope of NEFA and T50 of NEFA suppression). Results: At follow-up, both PCOSr and controls had similar results: IS=3.2 vs 3.4 (p=0.88), DIFSivGTT=1926 vs 1380 (p=0.44), logn-linear slope=-0.032 vs -0.032 (p=0.88) and T50NEFA=18.1 vs 20.8min (p=0.57). IS, DIFSivGTT and NEFA suppressibility were stable in PCOSr after 5years, but decreased significantly in controls (all p<0.05). Conclusions: Impaired metabolism observed during early puberty in girls predisposed to PCOS remains stable after 5years whereas control girls deteriorated their metabolic parameters. Therefore, both groups become comparable in late/post-puberty. Early puberty may thus represent a window during which metabolic alterations are transiently apparent in girls at risk of PCOS. ER  - 
Beta palmitate improves bone length and quality during catch-up growth in young rats; Palmitic acid (PA) is the most abundant saturated fatty acid in human milk, where it is heavily concentrated in the sn-2-position (termed beta palmitate, BPA) and as such is conserved in all women, regardless of their diet or ethnicity, indicating its physiological and metabolic importance. We hypothesized that BPA improves the efficiency of nutrition-induced catch up growth as compared to sn-1,3 PA, which is present in vegetable oil. Pre-pubertal male rats were subjected to a 17 days food restriction followed by re-feeding for nine days with 1,3 PA or BPA-containing diets. We measured bone length, epiphyseal growth plate height (EGP, histology), bone quality (micro-CT and 3-point bending assay), and gene expression (Affymetrix). The BPA-containing diet improved most growth parameters: humeri length and EGP height were greater in the BPA-fed animals. Further analysis of the EGP revealed that the hypertrophic zone was significantly higher in the BPA group. In addition, Affymetrix analysis revealed that the diet affected the expression of several genes in the liver and EGP. Despite the very subtle difference between the diets and the short re-feeding period, we found a small but significant improvement in most growth parameters in the BPA-fed rats. This pre-clinical study may have important implications, especially for children with growth disorders and children with special nutritional needs. ER  - 
Duration of puberty in preterm girls; OBJECTIVES: Preterm birth is associated with altered pubertal timing, but the effect on pubertal duration has rarely been assessed. Here, we tested the hypothesis that preterm birth is associated with shorter duration of puberty among girls in Hong Kong where preterm birth has little social patterning. METHODS: In the population-representative Chinese birth cohort "Children of 1997", we used multivariable linear regression to assess the association of preterm status (≤36 completed gestational weeks, n = 170; term birth 37-42 gestational weeks, n = 3476) with duration of puberty, adjusted for parent's highest education, mother's place of birth, maternal smoking during pregnancy, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and mother's age of menarche. RESULTS: The mean duration from thelarche to menarche was 2.53 years. Preterm girls had a shorter duration from thelarche to menarche by 2.6 months, 95% confidence interval 0.5-4.7 months. Age of menarche did not differ by preterm status but preterm girls had later thelarche. Preterm birth was not associated with a shorter duration from pubarche to menarche. CONCLUSIONS: Preterm births may be associated with shorter duration of puberty from thelarche to menarche, possibly through effects of in utero estrogen exposure, the drivers of thelarche, or the drivers of pubertal duration/progression, with potential implications for subsequent risk of cardiovascular disease and hormonal cancers. ER  - 
Prevention of postmenopausal osteoporosis in Chinese women: a 5-year, double-blind, randomized, parallel placebo-controlled study; Objectives: To observe the effectiveness and safety of menopause-related hormone therapy (MHT) to prevent bone loss in Chinese women during the menopausal transition and early menopause, as well as to evaluate the effects of 5-year MHT on overall health to add Level I evidence for the prevention of osteoporosis using MHT. Design: This clinical study was a prospective, double-blind, randomized, parallel placebo-controlled study. Chinese women in the menopausal transition and early menopause were randomly allocated to the MHT group or the placebo group. All subjects received a 5-year intervention. The effectiveness of MHT for bone mineral density (BMD) and bone metabolism and the safety of MHT in relation to glycolipid metabolism, breast cancer, and cardiovascular disease were studied. Results: In the MHT group, women in both transition and early menopause showed a significant increase in lumbar and femoral neck BMD after the 1st year of therapy; BMD tended to decrease in the 3rd year but ultimately was sustained at stable levels that were near the baseline levels. In the placebo group, BMD decreased at both sites. Metabolism indexes and breast ultrasound examination findings did not differ significantly between the MHT and placebo groups. Three cases of breast cancer and three cases of cardiovascular disease were diagnosed during follow-up. One breast cancer case and two cardiovascular disease cases occurred in the MHT group. Conclusions: Five-year sequential therapy with estrogen and progesterone can increase or maintain the BMD of women in their menopausal transition and early menopause. This regimen had no negative effect on glycolipid metabolism and did not increase the risk of breast cancer or cardiovascular events. ER  - 
Characterisation of rapid progressors to type 1 diabetes among children with HLA-conferred disease susceptibility; Aims/hypothesis: In this study, we aimed to characterise rapid progressors to type 1 diabetes among children recruited from the general population, on the basis of HLA-conferred disease susceptibility. Methods: We monitored 7410 HLA-predisposed children participating in the Finnish Type 1 Diabetes Prediction and Prevention (DIPP) study for the development of beta cell autoimmunity and type 1 diabetes from birth over a median follow-up time of 16.2 years (range 0.9–21.1 years). Islet cell antibodies (ICA) and autoantibodies to insulin (IAA), GAD (GADA) and islet antigen 2 (IA-2A) were assessed as markers of beta cell autoimmunity. Rapid progression was defined as progression to clinical type 1 diabetes within 1.5 years of autoantibody seroconversion. We analysed the association between rapid progression and demographic and autoantibody characteristics as well as genetic markers, including 25 non-HLA SNPs predisposing to type 1 diabetes. Results: Altogether, 1550 children (21%) tested positive for at least one diabetes-associated autoantibody in at least two samples, and 248 (16%) of seroconverters progressed to type 1 diabetes by the end of 2015. The median time from seroconversion to diagnosis was 0.51 years in rapid progressors (n = 42, 17%) and 5.4 years in slower progressors. Rapid progression was observed both among young (<5 years) and early pubertal children (>7 years), resulting in a double-peak distribution of seroconversion age. Compared with slower progressors, rapid progressors had a higher frequency of positivity for multiple (≥2) autoantibodies and had higher titres of ICA, IAA and IA-2A at seroconversion, and there was a higher prevalence of the secretor genotype in the FUT2 gene among those carrying the high-risk HLA genotype. Compared with autoantibody-positive non-progressors, rapid progressors were younger, were more likely to carry the high-risk HLA genotype and a predisposing SNP in the PTPN22 gene, had higher frequency of ICA, IAA, GADA and IA-2A positivity and multipositivity, and had higher titres of all four autoantibodies at seroconversion. Conclusions/interpretation: At seroconversion, individuals with rapid progression to type 1 diabetes were characterised by a younger age, higher autoantibody titres, positivity for multiple autoantibodies and higher prevalence of a FUT2 SNP. The double-peak profile for seroconversion age among the rapid progressors demonstrates for the first time that rapid progression may take place not only in young children but also in children in early puberty. Rapid progressors might benefit from careful clinical follow-up and early preventive measures. ER  - 
Inside out the Ragbag of Glucose Intolerance in Obese Adolescents; Background/Aims: The prevalence of impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) is rising among obese adolescents in parallel with epidemic obesity. In some cases, IGT reverts to normal glucose tolerance (NGT) by the end of puberty. The aims of the present study were to investigate metabolic factors determining changes over time of glucose at 120 min (Glu120) following an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), and to verify whether preserved β-cell glucose sensitivity (βCGS) protects against persistent IGT. Methods: We performed a cohort study of 153 severely obese children and adolescents evaluated with a 5-point OGTT at baseline and at follow-up with measurements of glucose, insulin, and C-peptide to estimate several empirical parameters of insulin sensitivity (includ ing oral glucose insulin sensitivity [OGIS] and OGTT-derived glucose effectiveness) and secretion. Results: At follow-up (range 0.9-4.8 year), 113 (73.9%) patients remained with NGT, 9 (5.9%) had IGT, and 28 (18.3%) had reverted to NGT; 3 NGT patients had developed IGT. In multivariable models, change in loge(βCGS) was inversely associated with time-related change in loge(Glu120), with (model 2) and without (model 1) correction for the change in loge(OGIS). Model 2 was more strongly associated with change in loge(Glu120). Conclusions: Changes in βCGS and insulin sensitivity were inversely associated with changes in Glu120 at follow-up, contributing a likely explanation for the reversal of IGT to NGT. ER  - 
Validity of Self-Assessed Sexual Maturation Against Physician Assessments and Hormone Levels; Objective To compare self-report and physician assessments of sexual maturation against serum hormone markers to evaluate the hypothesis that the validity of self-assessed sexual maturation is underestimated in traditional validation studies. Study design We adapted a self-assessment instrument that 248 Mexican children and adolescents, aged 8-13 years, completed. The participants were examined by a trained pediatrician and provided fasting blood samples for measurement of reproductive hormones (eg, testosterone, estradiol, sex hormone-binding globulin, inhibin B) and other hormones (eg, C-peptide, insulin-like growth factor 1, leptin, dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate) known to change during adolescence. Spearman correlations (r) were calculated among the average rank of all hormones and self-assessed and physician-assessed Tanner stage. The method of triads was used to assess the validity of self-reports by estimating correlations between self-assessments and true but unobservable sexual maturation based on all available data. Bootstrap sampling was used to construct 95% CIs. Results The validity of self-reported genitalia staging for boys was modest (r = 0.50; 95% CI, 0.31-0.65) and inferior to physician assessment (r = 0.75; 95% CI, 0.56-0.93). Breast stage was well reported (r = 0.89; 95% CI, 0.79-0.97) and superior to physician assessment (r = 0.80; 95% CI, 0.70-0.89). Pubic hair stage reported by boys (r = 0.91; 95% CI, 0.79-0.99) and girls (r = 0.99; 95% CI, 0.96-1.00) was superior to physician assessment (r = 0.79; 95% CI, 0.57-0.97 and r = 0.91; 95% CI, 0.83-0.97, respectively). Conclusion Self-assessment can be validly used in epidemiologic studies for evaluating sexual maturation in children; however, physician assessment may be necessary for accurate assessment of genitalia development in boys. ER  - 
Early Adiposity Rebound and Premature Adrenarche; Objectives To examine differences in the growth pattern and the age at adiposity rebound (AR) between children with premature adrenarche (PA) and their healthy peers (controls). Study design In this cross-sectional study of 82 prepubertal children with PA and 63 controls, the main outcome measures were height and body mass index SDS progression, from birth to presentation at the clinic, baseline biochemical and hormonal evaluation, bone age determination, and age at AR. Results Children with PA were significantly taller and more adipose than controls from the first years of life. 33% of children with PA presented the growth pattern of constitutional advancement of growth (ie, early growth acceleration) vs 19% of controls (P = .045). Children with PA had an earlier AR compared with controls; mean age at AR in girls with PA was 3.73 (1.03) years vs 4.93 (1.36) years for control girls (P = .001) and in boys with PA was 3.45 (0.73) vs 5.10 (1.50) years in control boys (P = .048). Both obese and nonobese girls with PA were taller and had earlier age at AR compared with nonobese controls. Conclusions Early AR and constitutional advancement of growth may be triggering factors for adrenal androgen production and PA. ER  - 
Association between Leptin, Adiponectin, and Leptin/Adiponectin Ratio with Clustered Metabolic Risk Factors in Portuguese Adolescents: The LabMed Physical Activity Study; Introduction: Circulating leptin and adiponectin levels have been associated with impaired vascular function, insulin resistance, and acute cardiovascular evens. This study aimed to evaluate the associations of leptin, adiponectin, and the leptin/adiponectin (L/A) ratio with a clustering of metabolic risk factors (MRF) in adolescents aged 12-18 years. Methods: This is a cross-sectional analysis with 529 Portuguese adolescents aged 12-18 years. Blood samples were taken to analyze total cholesterol (TC) and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol (HDL-c), triglycerides glucose, insulin, leptin, and adiponectin levels. A continuous variable of clustered MRF score (sum of Z-scores of body fat percentage, systolic blood pressure, ratio TC/HDL, triglycerides, homeostatic model assessment insulin resistance, and cardiorespiratory fitness∗[-1]) was computed. Results: Regression analyses showed that adiponectin was a significant and negative predictor of MRF score (boys: β = -0.199; p < 0.001; girls: β = -0.200; p < 0.001); whereas leptin was a significant positive predictor of MRF score (boys: β = 0.553; p < 0.001; girls: β = 0.399; p < 0.001). The L/A ratio was also a significant positive predictor of MRF score in both sexes (boys: β = 0.593; p < 0.001; girls: β = 0.461; p < 0.001), after adjustments for age, pubertal stage, adherence to the Mediterranean diet, and socioeconomic status. In addition, adiponectin, leptin, and L/A ratio were accurate to predict MRF among adolescents, but L/A ratio showed the highest area under receiver operating characteristic curve. Conclusion: Leptin, adiponectin, and L/A ratio are associated with the clustering of MRF in adolescents after adjustments for age, sex, pubertal stage, adherence to the Mediterranean diet, and socioeconomic status. L/A ratio was more strongly associated with MRF score than adiponectin or leptin. ER  - 
Clustered Cardiovascular Risk Factors Are Associated with Inflammatory Markers in Adolescents; Background: Clusters of cardiovascular risk (CVR) factors are associated with an increased risk of developing cardiovascular diseases (CVDs). This cross-sectional study assessed the associations between classic CVR factor clusters and inflammatory markers in Brazilian adolescents. Methods: Measurements included anthropometric, clinical and biochemical parameters and selected inflammatory markers in 487 adolescents (236 boys/251 girls; 12.06 ± 1.41 years). Results: After stratifying the population by gender and adjusting for potential confounding variables, principal component analysis was performed and it produced 5 independent components in both genders: adiposity, glucose metabolism, blood pressure, high-density lipoprotein (HDL)/triacylglycerols (TG), and cholesterol/low-density lipoprotein. Glucose metabolism was inversely associated with interleukin-1β (IL-1β) in both genders (r = -0.026; r = -0.021); blood pressure was inversely associated with tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-α) in girls (r = -0.046); HDL/TG was positively associated with interleukin-6 in girls (r = 0.012), with IL-1β (r = 0.010) TNF-α (r = 0.045) in boys, and inversely associated with adiponectin in both genders (r = -0.015; r = -0.013). Conclusion: The results suggest that lipid metabolism alterations, as potential early events in the development of CVDs, have a strong link to the inflammatory process, in contrast to other clusters of risk factors. ER  - 
Pubertal stage, body mass index, and cardiometabolic risk in children and adolescents in Bogotá, Colombia: The cross-sectional fuprecol study; This study explored the association between pubertal stage and anthropometric and cardiometabolic risk factors in youth. A cross-sectional study was conducted in 2877 Colombian children and adolescents (9–17.9 years of age). Weight, height, and waist circumference were measured and body mass index (BMI) was calculated. A biochemical study was performed to determine the cardiometabolic risk index (CMRI). Blood pressure was evaluated and pubertal stage was assessed with the Tanner criteria. Hierarchical multiple regression analyses were performed. The most significant variable (p < 0.05) in the prognosis of cardiometabolic risk was found to be the BMI in both boys and girls. In the case of girls, the pubertal stage was also a CMRI predictive factor. In conclusion, BMI was an important indicator of cardiovascular risk in both sexes. Pubertal stage was associated with cardiovascular risk only in the girls. ER  - 
Insulin Resistance and the IGF-I-Cortical Bone Relationship in Children Ages 9 to 13 Years; IGF-I is a pivotal hormone in pediatric musculoskeletal development. Although recent data suggest that the role of IGF-I in total body lean mass and total body bone mass accrual may be compromised in children with insulin resistance, cortical bone geometric outcomes have not been studied in this context. Therefore, we explored the influence of insulin resistance on the relationship between IGF-I and cortical bone in children. A secondary aim was to examine the influence of insulin resistance on the lean mass-dependent relationship between IGF-I and cortical bone. Children were otherwise healthy, early adolescent black and white boys and girls (ages 9 to 13 years) and were classified as having high (n = 147) or normal (n = 168) insulin resistance based on the homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). Cortical bone at the tibia diaphysis (66% site) and total body fat-free soft tissue mass (FFST) were measured by peripheral quantitative computed tomography (pQCT) and dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA), respectively. IGF-I, insulin, and glucose were measured in fasting sera and HOMA-IR was calculated. Children with high HOMA-IR had greater unadjusted IGF-I (p < 0.001). HOMA-IR was a negative predictor of cortical bone mineral content, cortical bone area (Ct.Ar), and polar strength strain index (pSSI; all p ≤ 0.01) after adjusting for race, sex, age, maturation, fat mass, and FFST. IGF-I was a positive predictor of most musculoskeletal endpoints (all p < 0.05) after adjusting for race, sex, age, and maturation. However, these relationships were moderated by HOMA-IR (pInteraction < 0.05). FFST positively correlated with most cortical bone outcomes (all p < 0.05). Path analyses demonstrated a positive relationship between IGF-I and Ct.Ar via FFST in the total cohort (βIndirect Effect= 0.321, p < 0.001). However, this relationship was moderated in the children with high (βIndirect Effect= 0.200, p < 0.001) versus normal (βIndirect Effect= 0.408, p < 0.001) HOMA-IR. These data implicate insulin resistance as a potential suppressor of IGF-I-dependent cortical bone development, though prospective studies are needed. © 2017 American Society for Bone and Mineral Research. ER  - 
Evaluating Weight Status and Sex as Moderators of the Association of Serum Leptin with Bone Mineral Density in Children and Adolescents; Background/Aims: Animal studies suggest that leptin may adversely affect bone mineral density (BMD). Clinical studies have yielded conflicting results. We therefore investigated associations between leptin and bone parameters in children. Methods: 830 healthy children (age = 11.4 ± 3.1 years; 75% female; BMI standard deviation score [BMIz] = 1.5 ± 1.1) had fasting serum leptin measured with ELISA and body composition by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry. The main effects for leptin and BMIz plus leptin's interactions with sex and BMIz were examined using hierarchical linear regressions for appendicular, pelvis, and lumbar spine BMD as well as bone mineral content (BMC), and bone area (BA). Results: Accounting for demographic, pubertal development, and anthropometric variables, leptin was negatively and independently associated with lumbar spine BMC and BA, pelvis BA, and leg BA (p < 0.05 for all). Sex, but not BMIz, moderated the associations of leptin with bone parameters. In boys, leptin was negatively correlated with leg and arm BMD, BMC at all bone sites, and BA at the subtotal and lumbar spine (p < 0.01 for all). In girls, leptin was positively correlated with leg and arm BMD (p < 0.05 for both). Conclusion: Independent of body size, leptin is negatively associated with bone measures; however, these associations are moderated by sex: boys, but not girls, have a negative independent association between leptin and BMD. ER  - 
Determinants of Advanced Bone Age in Childhood Obesity; Background: Childhood obesity is associated with advanced bone age (BA). Previous studies suggest that androgens, oestrogens, sex hormone-binding globulin, and insulin are responsible for this phenomenon, but results are contradictory and might be biased by confounders. We aim to elucidate this matter by applying a multivariate approach. Method: We performed a correlation analysis of BA standard deviation score (SDS) with age- and sex-specific SDS for androgens, oestrogens, and with indicators of insulin secretion derived from oral glucose tolerance testing, in a group of obese children. A multivariate analysis was performed to investigate which parameters were independently predictive of BA SDS. Results: In this cohort (n = 101; mean age 10.9 years; mean BA 11.8 years; mean BMI SDS 3.3), BMI SDS was significantly correlated to BA SDS (r = 0.55, p < 0.001). In a regression analysis in the total cohort (B = 0.27, p < 0.001) as well as in females (B = 0.34, p = 0.042), males (B = 0.31, p = 0.006), and pubertal children (B = 0.32, p = 0.046), dehydroepiandrosterone sulphate (DHEAS) showed a positive, independent association with BA SDS. No association with indicators of insulin secretion was found. Conclusion: BMI SDS is highly correlated to BA SDS in obese children. Increased DHEAS has a central role in advanced BA in obese children. ER  - 
High Prevalence of Polycystic Ovary Syndrome in Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus Adolescents: Is There a Difference Depending on the NIH and Rotterdam Criteria?; Background: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is more frequently observed in type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) adult women than in nondiabetic women. No such prevalence has yet been studied in adolescent girls with T1DM. Aim: The aim of this study was to evaluate the prevalence of PCOS in adolescent girls with T1DM and to determine the clinical and hormonal features associated with the disorder. Methods: A cross-sectional study of 53 adolescent girls (gynecological age >2 years) referred for routine evaluation for T1DM was conducted. We diagnosed PCOS using the National Institutes of Health (NIH) and Rotterdam criteria. Results: 26.4 and 47.9% of adolescents had PCOS according to NIH (NIH-PCOS) and Rotterdam (Rotterdam-PCOS) criteria. 66.7% of NIH-PCOS adolescents had a complete phenotype associated with hyperandrogenism, oligomenorrhea, and polycystic ovarian morphology, unlike only 33.3% of the Rotterdam-PCOS adolescents. A family history of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) was more frequent in PCOS than in non-PCOS girls, whichever criteria were used. Late pubertal development and a T1DM diagnosis close to puberty were factors associated with NIH-PCOS. Conclusion: Adolescents with T1DM had a high prevalence of PCOS. More differences between PCOS and non-PCOS patients were found using the NIH criteria, suggesting that clinical characteristics might be more accurate for diagnosing PCOS in girls with T1DM. A family history of T2DM is associated with a high risk of PCOS. ER  - 
Association of insulin resistance with near peak bone mass in the femur and lumbar spine of Korean adults aged 25-35: The Korean National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 2008-2010; Objective: This study aimed to evaluate the relationship between insulin resistance and the bone mineral density (BMD) of femur and lumbar spine in Korean adults who are expected to exhibit near peak bone mass. Methods: Data from the Korean National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 2008-2010 were analyzed. A total of 2,750 participants aged 25.35 years were included. Insulin resistance was assessed using a homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and serum fasting insulin. Results: In a multivariate linear regression analysis, the HOMA-IR was significantly inversely associated with the BMD of the total hip (TH, β = .0.052, P = 0.002), femoral neck (FN, β = .0.072, P<0.001), femoral trochanter (FTr, β = .0.055, P = 0.003), femoral intertrochanter (FITr, β = .0.041, P = 0.015), and lumbar spine (LS, β = .0.063, P = 0.001) among all study subjects after adjustment for gender, age, height, weight, whole body fat mass percentage, systolic blood pressure, diastolic blood pressure, total cholesterol, triglyceride, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, vitamin D, smoking, alcohol intake, physical activity, education level, and household income in both genders as well as labor, the use of oral contraceptives, and age at menarche in females. The serum fasting insulin was significantly inversely associated with the BMD of the TH (β = .0.055, P = 0.001), FN (β = .0.072, P<0.001), FTr (β = .0.055, P = 0.003), FITr (β = .0.045, P = 0.009), and LS (β = .0.064, P = 0.001) among all subjects in a multivariate linear regression analysis. Conclusion: Our results suggest that insulin resistance may be independently and inversely associated with the near peak bone mass of the femur and lumbar spine. ER  - 
Elevated a-hydroxybutyrate and branched-chain amino acid levels predict deterioration of glycemic control in adolescents; Context: Traditional risk factors for type 2 diabetes mellitus are weak predictors of changes in glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity in youth. Objective: To identify early metabolic features of insulin resistance (IR) in youth and whether they predict deterioration of glycemic control. Design and Setting: A cross-sectional and longitudinal study was conducted at the Yale Pediatric Obesity Clinic. Patients and Intervention: Concentrations of a-hydroxybutyrate, b-hydroxybutyrate, lactate, and branched-chain amino acids (BCAAs) were measured by nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy in 78 nondiabetic adolescents during an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). Associations between baseline metabolic alterations and longitudinal changes in glucose control were tested in 16 subjects after a mean follow-up of 2.3 years. Main Outcome Measures: The relationship between metabolite levels, parameters of IR, and glycemic control, and their progression over time. Results: Elevated fasting a-hydroxybutyrate levels were observed in adolescents with reduced insulin sensitivity after adjusting for age, sex, ethnicity, Tanner stage, and body mass index z-score (P = 0.014). Plasmaa-hydroxybutyrate and BCAAswere increased throughout the course of theOGTT in this group (P, 0.03). Notably, borderline IR was associated with a progressive a-hydroxybutyrate decrease from elevated baseline concentrations to normal levels (P = 0.02). Increased baseline a-hydroxybutyrate concentrations were further associated with progressive worsening of glucose tolerance and disposition index. Conclusion: a-HydroxybutyrateandBCAAconcentrationsduring anOGTTcharacterizeinsulin-resistant youth andpredict worseningofglycemic control. These findingsprovide potentialbiomarkers for risk assessment of type 2 diabetes and new insights into IR pathogenesis. ER  - 
Maturation in serum thyroid function parameters over childhood and puberty: Results of a longitudinal study; Context: Serum thyroid hormone levels differ between children and adults, but have not been studied longitudinally through childhood. Objective: To assess changes in thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH) and thyroid hormone levels over childhood and their interrelationships. Design: Cohort study. Setting: The Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children, a population-based birth cohort. Participants: Atotal of 4442 children who had thyroid function measured at age 7, and 1263 children who had thyroid function measured at age 15. Eight hundred eighty-four children had measurements at both ages. Main Outcome Measures: Reference ranges for TSH, free tri-iodothyronine (FT3), free thyroxine (FT4), their longitudinal stability, and interrelationships. Results: Children at age 7 years had a higher FT3 [6.17 pmol/L, standard deviation (SD) 0.62] than children at age 15 (5.83 pmol/L, SD 0.74); P,0.0001 with 23.2% of children at age 7 having FT3 above the adult reference range. Higher FT3 levels at age 7 in boys (P = 0.0001) and girls (P = 0.04) were associated with attainment of a more advanced pubertal stage at age 13. TSH was positively associated with FT3 at age 7 and age 15 even after adjusting for confounders. In contrast, TSH was negatively associated with FT4. Conclusions: There are substantial changes in TSH and thyroid hormone levels over childhood, in particular for FT3, which appear to relate to pubertal readiness. Our data provide increased insight into the evolution of the pituitary-thyroid axis over childhood and may have implications for determining optimal ranges for thyroid hormone replacement in children. ER  - 
Cadmium exposure and endometrial cancer risk: A large midwestern U.S. population-based case-control study; Estrogen-mimicking chemicals, such as cadmium, may be associated with increased susceptibility to hormone-dependent cancers, though supporting data are sparse, particularly for endometrial cancer. The Health and Environmental Exposure Research (HEER) study worked with the Arkansas Central Cancer Registry, Iowa Cancer Registry and Missouri Cancer Registry to obtain names of women diagnosed with endometrial cancer who were willing to be contacted for participation in our case control study. Voter registration lists from Iowa and Missouri were used to randomly select similarly aged women as represented in the case population. Participants were interviewed by telephone to obtain information on known or suspected endometrial risk factors. Urine kits were sent to participants for home collection and returned for analysis. Our case-control study consisted of 631 incident cases of endometrial cancer diagnosed from January 2010 to October 2012 and 879 age-matched population-based controls, ages 18–81 years (mean age 65 years). We quantified cadmium amounts in urine and standardized these values through creatinine adjustment. Using data from all survey completers, we developed a multivariable model for endometrial cancer. Creatinine-adjusted cadmium concentration was added to this model. Odds ratio (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for endometrial cancer were calculated. After multivariable adjustment, higher creatinine-adjusted cadmium exposure was associated with a statistically significant increase of endometrial cancer risk (OR: 1.22; 95% CI: 1.03–1.44). Our results provide evidence that cadmium may increase the risk of endometrial cancer, possibly through estrogenic effects. ER  - 
Telomere content is not altered in girls with idiopathic central precocious puberty treated with GnRH analogue: A preliminary study; Study question: What are the implications of idiopathic central precocious puberty (ICPP) on telomere content in girls treated with gonadotropin releasing hormone analogue (GnRHa)? Summary answer: Telomere Content is not altered in girls with ICPP and metabolic and endocrinology aspects were not correlated with telomere. What is known already: The ICPP is related to the appearance of physical and hormonal signs of pubertal before eight years old. It is observed an increase in growth velocity, disproportionate advancement of bone age and maturation, metabolical and endocrinological alterations. Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome (PCOS) seems to be common in patients with ICPP treated with gonadotropin releasing hormone analogue (GnRHa). The suppressive therapy with GnRHa is related to suppression of oestrogen and excessive exposure to androgenic hormones, with clinical and/or laboratory hyperandrogenism. Metabolic alterations and hyperandrogenism associated with ICPP is related to changes in telomere biology and maybe an important feature of this disease. Study design, size, duration: Observational case-control study, in which 45 patients with a history of treatment of ICPP with GnRHa and 40 controls (CO) were included Participants/materials, setting, methods: Patients with ICPP previously treated with leuprolide acetate (3.75 mg per month) at least six months and healthy control women were included. Height, age, weight, body mass index (BMI) were measured. Insulin, triglycerides and testosterone were evaluated. Insulin resistance was predicted by HOMA (Homeostasis Model Assessment). Telomere content was measured using quantitative real-time PCR (qPCR). Statistical analyses were determined by Wilcoxon test and Spearman correlation was carried out. Main results and the role of chance: Age mean was 15.96 (±2.73) in ICPP and 16.08 (±3.98) in controls. The variables weight (p=.0001) and BMI (p=.0001) was increased in IPP group. Insulin (p = 0.0048) and HOMA (p = 0.0144) was higher in IPP than in CO. Triglycerides were not different between the groups (p = 0.46). Telomere content was not different between ICPP (1.35 ± 0.30) and control (1.30 ± 0.56) (p = 0.2919). We did not observe any correlation between telomere and testosterone, BMI and weight in the subjects analysed. Only a negative correlation was observed between telomere and age (r2=- -0.39, p = 0.01). Limitations, reasons for caution: Limited number of cases of the study group. An increase of sample size is recommended to make the data more robust and confirm the results. Wider implications of the findings: Telomere content was not different in ICPP and control women and no correlations were observed in metabolic and endocrinology variables analysed. ER  - 
Is there a need to increase PCOS awareness?; Affecting 12-18% of reproductive aged women, Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS) is a common, under-recognised, and prevalent condition, with significant health and psychosocial impacts. PCOS is the primary cause of anovulatory infertility; increases the risk of pregnancy complications (such as miscarriage, fetal anomalies, and gestational diabetes); increases obesity and quadruples type II diabetes, with younger onset; increases cardiovascular risk factors, psychological disturbance, and adversely impacts quality of life. PCOS is highly heritable and health burden extends to the next generation, with adverse impacts on children of affected mothers. Importantly, PCOS identifies women from puberty with high reproductive and metabolic risks, who appear prone to weight gain (further exacerbating their condition), and who are in need of targeted prevention and management. We have engaged with health professionals and affected women internationally through focus groups, surveys and structured Delphi processes internationally. Primary care providers report feeling ill-equipped to manage PCOS, and report it as a high priority for education in women's health. We have also demonstrated key gaps in diagnosis, education, prevention and management among specialist health professionals. Due to the diversity of PCOS health impacts, affected women report feeling marginalised and falling between the gaps in specialty-focused health systems, reporting stigmatised and PCOS related distress. We have established key care and education gaps and priorities for women across diverse age ranges and across Europe, USA and internationally. The experiences of women and knowledge and perceptions of health professionals around PCOS ultimately leaves women feeling isolated, disempowered and underserviced, leaving a high personal and ultimately societal cost. We have built on the activity of our National Australian PCOS Alliance and informed by gaps identified through international research with women and health professionals, we are expanding rigorous evidence based guidelines internationally and across all features of PCOS. This is supported by international collaboration with 24 professional societies and women's advocacy groups. The Australian government has provided $3 M for research, education and translation including guideline development and translation through a National Centre of Excellence in PCOS. ESHRE and ASRM have joined as leading and co-funding collaborators and 21 other societies and advocacy groups have joined in an international initiative to raise knowledge and awareness in PCOS. This will be underpinned by the development and translation of evidence based guidelines into practice for women and their health professionals. Translation outputs include a multifaceted program of guideline outputs for women and health professionals. This is being delivered in collaboration with “Making Grade the Irresistible Choice (MAGIC) and includes a website, multifaceted resources translated into 30 different languages, podcasts, patient experience material, M- health apps, lifestyle programs and new, fully evaluated models of evidence based care for scale-up. Collaborations, progress, results of engagement with women and health professionals, evaluation and gaps in currently available education resources and research on translation and women's and health professionals education preferences will be presented, along with timelines and outputs of the international collaborative evidence based PCOS guidelines and translation program. ER  - 
Gordon Holmes syndrome, one of the many faces of PNPLA6; Background and aims: The association of cerebellar ataxia and hypogonadism was first described by Holmes in 1907. Recently, PNPLA6-spectrum of neurodegenerative disorders has been described, with a clinical phenotype ranging from pure cerebellar ataxia to Oliver-McFarlane syndrome. Although many cases are of familiar aggregation, often with consanguinity history, sporadic cases have been reported. Methods: A clinical case and review of literature. Results: A 66-year-old male presented to our clinic with progressive gait impairment, which started when he was 16. Due to his past heavy drinking, his symptoms were initially thought to be of toxic etiology. His past medical history also included delayed puberty due to hypogonadotropic hypogonadism and diabetes mellitus type 2. He had no history of consanguinity nor significant family history. On physical examination, he presented gynecoid appearance with gynecomastia and on neurological examination he had moderate dysarthria, multidirectional nystagmus, axial and peripheral ataxia and unstable gait. He had no retinopathy. His diagnostic work-up, which included nutritional, paraneoplastic and microbiologic studies, was normal and the brain MRI showed marked cerebellar atrophy. Due to the clinical suspected Gordon Holmes' syndrome a search for mutations in RNF216 gene was performed with negative results. Afterwards, biallelic mutations to the PNPLA6 gene were found, confirming the diagnosis. Conclusion: Several confounders can delay the diagnosis of cerebellar ataxias presenting in adulthood, and a progressive ataxia after removal of aggressors should always lead to the search of another etiology. The coexistence of two of ataxia, hypogonadism, motor neuron disease or chorioretinal dystrophy should raise suspicion of a PNPLA6 spectrum disorder. ER  - 
Duration of oral contraceptive use and the prevention of gynecologic cancers: Modification by modifiable factors; Background: Although oral contraceptive (OC) use is ubiquitous in the United States, the influence of OCs on the development of cancers is not fully understood. In 2013, an Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality Evidence Report identified several data gaps with regard to OC use and its associations with cancer, including a need to understand if associations are consistent across subpopulations of users, including smokers and obese women. Methods: To address this data gap, we used Cox proportional hazards models to examine duration of OC use (never/less than 1 year [reference], 1 to 4, 5 to 9, 10+ years) and subsequent development of incident ovarian or endometrial cancer among participants in the NIH-AARP Diet and Health Study. We further examined effect modification by a variety of modifiable risk factors, including body mass index (BMI), cigarette smoking, alcohol consumption, and physical activity, via interaction terms and a likelihood ratio test. Models were adjusted for age, race, age at menarche and the modifiers of interest. Results: For ovarian cancer (n=1,241 cases, 149,502 non-cases), a reduction in risk was conferred by OC use that linearly decreased with duration of use (hazard ratios [HR] ranging from 0.83 to 0.60 across categories of duration). We also identified linear, inverse associations between increasing duration of OC use and ovarian cancer risk across most potential modifiers. Some of the most pronounced reductions were observed among long-term OC users (10+ years) who were current smokers (HR compared to non-users of 0.44, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.20, 0.97) or who engaged in moderate physical activity (0.44, CI 0.23, 0.85). For endometrial cancer (n=2,337 cases, n=112,132 non-cases), we observed pronounced reductions in risk associated with long-term OC use among women with obese BMIs (0.36, CI 0.25, 0.52) and those who exercised rarely (0.40, CI 0.29, 0.56) or moderately (0.50, CI 0.33, 0.75). However, long-term use was not associated with risk reductions among women with BMIs of less than 25 or among women who exercised at least three times per week. Conclusions: OC use is consistently associated with reduced risks of ovarian cancer across most strata of modifiable risk factors. For endometrial cancer risk, OC use seems to offer the greatest risk reduction among women in previously identified high-risk categories (i.e., overweight/obese BMI, physically inactive), findings which merit further discussion as these women may be more likely to have comorbid conditions that would contraindicate OC use (e.g., hypertension, diabetes). ER  - 
Weight loss, reduction of comorbidities and psychological changes after bariatric surgery in young adults: Prospective cohort study bariatric surgery in children, adolescents and young adults; Introduction: Amplification of the current criteria for bariatric surgery is requested, due to the increasing incidence of obesity at childhood and the modest and little to no effect of conservative treatments on the long term. Possible disadvantageous effects on growth and development are used as counter-argument. On the other hand, the consequences of obesity during puberty on several aspects of social functioning are not to be ignored. Bariatric surgery is an important part of the treatment in adults, when the IFSO criteria are met at an age above 18 but to change the current criteria and lower age it is important to know how our youngest patients are doing after bariatric surgery. Objectives: To evaluate the results of bariatric surgery in young adult morbid obese patients. Methods: All preoperative and perioperative data from patients aged 18-25, between 2010 and 2014 were retrospectively collected. Follow-up data was then collected prospectively using questionnaires. Results: 78 Patients were included with an mean age of 22.4±3.4years at time of surgery. 65% underwent a Gastric Bypass (RYGB), 26% a Sleeve Gastrectomy, 6% an Adjustable Gastric Banding and 2% underwent a redo-RYGB. Mean follow up time was 27.7±9.6months; mean %Total Body Weight Loss(TBWL) 1 and 2 years postoperatively was 31.9±8.9 and 33.1±10.7 respectively. Preoperatively 6 patients(7,7%) had oral-drug dependent Diabetes Mellitus, with 100% remission after 1 year. Conclusion: Bariatric surgery is an effective and safe treatment of obesity in our youngest patients group. The results are comparable with the most operated group with an age of 35-50 years. ER  - 
High Frequency of MKRN3 Mutations in Male Central Precocious Puberty Previously Classified as Idiopathic; Background/Aims: Recently, loss-of-function mutations in the MKRN3 gene have been implicated in the etiology of familial central precocious puberty (CPP) in both sexes. We aimed to analyze the frequency of MKRN3 mutations in boys with CPP and to compare the clinical and hormonal features of boys with and without MKRN3 mutations. Methods: This was a retrospective review of clinical, hormonal and genetic features of 20 male patients with idiopathic CPP evaluated at an academic medical center. The entire coding regions of MKRN3, KISS1 and KISS1R genes were sequenced. Results: We studied 20 boys from 17 families with CPP. All of them had normal brain magnetic resonance imaging. Eight boys from 5 families harbored four distinct heterozygous MKRN3 mutations predicted to be deleterious for protein function, p.Ala162Glyfs∗14, p.Arg213Glyfs∗73, p.Arg328Cys and p.Arg365Ser. One boy carried a previously described KISS1-activating mutation (p.Pro74Ser). The frequency of MKRN3 mutations among these boys with idiopathic CPP was significantly higher than previously reported female data (40 vs. 6.4%, respectively, p < 0.001). Boys with MKRN3 mutations had typical clinical and hormonal features of CPP. Notably, they had later pubertal onset than boys without MKRN3 abnormalities (median age 8.2 vs. 7.0 years, respectively, p = 0.033). Conclusion: We demonstrated a high frequency of MKRN3 mutations in boys with CPP, previously classified as idiopathic, suggesting the importance of genetic analysis in this group. The boys with CPP due to MKRN3 mutations had classical features of CPP, but with puberty initiation at a borderline age. ER  - 
FGF21 deficiency is associated with childhood obesity, insulin resistance and hypoadiponectinaemia: The BCAMS Study; Objective Fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21) exerts beneficial effects on metabolic homoeostasis and has been reported to be regulated by adiponectin, leptin and resistin. However, while an association between increased circulating FGF21 and metabolic disorders has been reported in adults, paediatric-specific data are lacking. Design and methods This study investigated the relationship between FGF21 levels and obesity, insulin resistance (IR), the metabolic syndrome (MetS) and adipokines (adiponectin, leptin and resistin) in a cohort of 3231 Chinese youngsters aged 6–18. Results There were gender- and puberty-related differences in FGF21 levels. Unexpectedly, FGF21 levels were decreased in children with obesity, and negatively correlated with insulin, HOMA-IR and leptin levels after adjusting for age, gender, puberty and lifestyle factors. Moreover, multiple regression analyses showed that serum FGF21 positively predicted adiponectin levels while resistin positively predicted FGF21 levels independent of BMI (P < 0.05). Children in the lowest FGF21 quintile were more likely to have IR (OR: 1.85, 95% CI: 1.41–2.42; P = 0.002) and MetS (OR: 1.62, 95% CI: 1.14–2.28; P = 0.007) than those in the highest quintile. Further adjusting for BMI and/or the three adipokines modified the association of FGF21 with MetS (P > 0.10) but not with IR (P < 0.01). Conclusion Although the associations between adiponectin, leptin, resistin and metabolic abnormalities in our paediatric population were similar to those in adults, correlations of FGF21 levels with obesity, IR and MetS were the inverse of those found in adults. Our present findings suggest that FGF21 deficiency, rather than resistance, contribute to IR and hypoadiponectinaemia independently of obesity in young people. ER  - 
Early age at menarche and gestational diabetes mellitus risk: Results from the Healthy Baby Cohort study; Aim Early age at menarche has been reported to increase type 2 diabetes risk, but little is known of its impact on gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) risk. The aim of this study was to examine the association between age at menarche and plasma glucose levels as well as GDM risk. Methods A total of 6900 pregnant women from the Healthy Baby Cohort Study were included in our analysis. Age at menarche was self-reported and categorized into five groups (9–11, 12, 13, 14 and 15–18 years of age). GDM was diagnosed using the International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups criteria. Comparisons of plasma glucose levels according to age at menarche categories were performed using analysis of covariance. Logistic regression models were used to estimate the association between age at menarche and GDM risk. Results Of our 6900 participants, 1015 (14.7%) were diagnosed with GDM. Mean age at menarche was 13.1 ± 1.2 years. Early age at menarche (9–11 years) was associated with higher fasting, 1-h and 2-h plasma glucose levels (all P < 0.05) compared with menarche at age 13 years. Furthermore, early age at menarche was linked to increased GDM risk after adjusting for potential confounders (OR: 1.41, 95% CI: 1.06–1.87). Conclusion Early age at menarche is an independent risk factor for GDM and, as such, may help to identify women at higher GDM risk who would benefit from early preventative strategies. ER  - 
Menstrual management in developmentally delayed adolescent females; Background: Requests for assistance in menstrual management and menstrual suppression are a common, emotive and sometimes controversial aspect of adolescent disability care. Aims: To review the uptake and outcomes of menstrual suppression among adolescent patients with developmental delay. Methods: A retrospective review of the medical records of adolescent females with intellectual disability referred for menstrual management to the Paediatric and Adolescent Gynaecology Clinic, Children's Hospital at Westmead, Sydney, for the three-year period between January 1, 2010 and January 1, 2013. Results: Eighty adolescent patients with developmental delay were identified. A third (n = 28) of the patients were pre-menarcheal at first review with parent/caregivers seeking anticipatory advice. Of the post-menarcheal patients, the median age of menarche was 12 years (range 10–15 years). First and second line interventions were documented as were reasons for change where applicable. The combined oral contraceptive pill (COCP) was the most frequently used therapy (67%), and 19 patients in total had a levonorgestrel releasing intrauterine system (LNG-IUS) inserted (31%). Our study population differs from similar previously published groups in the marked absence of the use of depot medroxyprogesterone acetate or the subdermal etonogestrel releasing device. Conclusion: As a paediatrician, it is important to address menstrual management issues and allay caregiver concerns with appropriate advice. Our study supports the use of the COCP as sound first line management in achieving menstrual suppression. The LNG-IUS appears to be a favourable second line option. Further investigation into longer-term outcomes and potential complications of device insertion is recommended. ER  - 
The triglyceride and glucose index is useful for recognising insulin resistance in children; Aim: Although recognising insulin resistance (IR) in children is particularly important, the gold standard test used to diagnose it, the euglyceamic glucose clamp, is costly, invasive and is not routinely available in our clinical settings in Mexico. This study evaluated whether the triglyceride–glucose (TyG) index would provide a useful alternative. Methods: A total of 2779 school children aged seven to 17 years, from Durango, Mexico, were enrolled during 2015–2016. The gold standard euglyceamic-hyperinsulinemic clamp test was performed in a randomly selected subsample of 125 children, and diagnostic concordance between the TyG index and the homoeostasis model assessment of IR was evaluated in all of the 2779 enrolled children. Results: The best cut-off values for recognising IR using the TyG index were 4.65 for prepubertal girls and boys, 4.75 for pubertal girls and 4.70 for pubertal boys. Concordance between the TyG index and the homoeostasis model assessment of IR was 0.910 and 0.902 for the prepubertal girls and boys, 0.932 for the pubertal girls and 0.925 for the pubertal boys. Conclusion: The TyG index was useful for recognising IR in both prepubertal and pubertal children and could provide a feasible alternative to the costly and invasive gold standard test for IR in resource-limited settings. ER  - 
Genomic analyses identify hundreds of variants associated with age at menarche and support a role for puberty timing in cancer risk; The timing of puberty is a highly polygenic childhood trait that is epidemiologically associated with various adult diseases. Using 1000 Genomes Project-imputed genotype data in up to ∼370,000 women, we identify 389 independent signals (P < 5 × 10-8) for age at menarche, a milestone in female pubertal development. In Icelandic data, these signals explain ∼7.4% of the population variance in age at menarche, corresponding to ∼25% of the estimated heritability. We implicate ∼250 genes via coding variation or associated expression, demonstrating significant enrichment in neural tissues. Rare variants near the imprinted genes MKRN3 and DLK1 were identified, exhibiting large effects when paternally inherited. Mendelian randomization analyses suggest causal inverse associations, independent of body mass index (BMI), between puberty timing and risks for breast and endometrial cancers in women and prostate cancer in men. In aggregate, our findings highlight the complexity of the genetic regulation of puberty timing and support causal links with cancer susceptibility. ER  - 
Central nervous system germ cell tumors: Experience of a referral center in guatemala; Background: Primary Central Nervous System Germ Cell Tumors (CNS GCT) are rare neoplasms in children. The selection of treatment depends on the histology subtype and the extent of disease. Survival rates reported are above 80% in Germinomas. Unidad Nacional de Oncologia Pediatrica (UNOP) is the largest oncological pediatric institution in Guatemala where the majority of children with oncological diseases are treated. Objective: To describe a 16-year institutional experience in treating CNS GCT in Guatemala. Methods: Retrospective chart review of patients treated for CNS GCT from April 2000 to December 2016. Epidemiological and clinical characteristics, histology, treatment modalities and outcome were analyzed. Results: Over a period of 16 years, 329 patients with CNS tumors (6% of all childhood cancers) have been treated at UNOP. Fifteen cases with CNS GCT were identified accounting for an incidence of 4.5%. The majority of patients were male (n=13, 87%), with ages ranging from one to 15 years (mean 8.9 years). The most commonpresenting symptoms were visual disturbances (n=seven, 46%), headaches and vomiting (n=seven, 46%) and diabetes insipidus (n=five, 33%, all suprasellar) with six months of average length of symptoms prior to diagnosis. Two patients with NGGCT (13%) presented with precocious puberty. Surgery and histologic confirmation were performed in 10 cases (67%), of whom seven (70%) were germinoma and three (30%) were non -germinomatous GCT (NGGCT). Five patients were diagnosed and treated based on cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) tumor marker elevations; three as germinoma (HCGβ less than 50 mUI/mL, AFP negative) and two as NGGCT (HCGβ greater than 50 mUI/mL, AFP negative). The most frequent location of tumors was pineal (n=five, 33%) followed by suprasellar (n=four, 27%); only one was bifocal. Six patients (40%) had metastatic disease (cerebrospinal fluid positive or leptomeningeal spread) while staging remained incomplete in five patients. Treatment modalities were either chemotherapy combined with radiotherapy (n=seven, 47%) or radiotherapy alone (n=four, 27%) with variable regimens. Patients were followed for a meanof 46.8 months (range, twoe149 months). Overall survival was 70% for Germinomas and 54% for NGGCT. One patient with histological verified Germinoma relapsed at 25 months follow-up. One patient with NGGCT died of disease progression, three patients died of complications (two infections and one surgical) and one after a car accident. Conclusions: Germinoma was the most common histology in this group of patients and males were affected more often than females. Metastatic disease is high and may be related to late diagnosis in a group of patients. Overall survival is lower than that reported in the literature due to therapy associated complications. The development of standardized treatment protocols will aid in adequate staging, treatment planning, prevent complications and improve survival rates. ER  - 
Effects of mixed carotenoids on adipokines and abdominal adiposity in children: A pilot study; Context: Carotenoids have been implicated in the regulation of adipocyte metabolism. Objective: To compare the effects of mixed-carotenoid supplementation (MCS) versus placebo on adipokines and the accrual of abdominal adiposity in children with obesity. Design and Setting: Randomized (1:1), double-blind, placebo-controlled intervention trial to evaluate the effects of MCS over 6 months in a subspecialty clinic. Participants: Twenty (6 male and 14 female) children with simple obesity [body mass index (BMI) . 90%], a mean age (6 standard deviation) of 10.5 6 0.4 years, and Tanner stage I to V were enrolled; 17 participants completed the trial. Intervention: MCS (which contains b-carotene, a-carotene, lutein, zeaxanthin, lycopene, astaxanthin, and g-tocopherol) or placebo was administered daily. Main Outcome Measures: Primary outcomes were change in b-carotene, abdominal fat accrual (according to magnetic resonance imaging), and BMI z-score; secondary outcomes were adipokines and markers of insulin resistance. Results: Cross-sectional analysis of b-carotene showed inverse correlation with BMI z-score, waist-toheight ratio, visceral adipose tissue, and subcutaneous adipose tissue (SAT) at baseline. MCS increased b-carotene, total adiponectin, and high-molecular-weight adiponectin compared with placebo. MCS led to a greater reduction in BMI z-score, waist-to-height ratio, and SAT compared with placebo. The percentage change in b-carotene directly correlated with the percentage change in SAT. Conclusions: The decrease in BMI z-score, waist-to-height ratio, and SAT and the concomitant increase in the concentration of b-carotene and high-molecular-weight adiponectin byMCS suggest the putative beneficial role of MCS in children with obesity. ER  - 
Stress and chronic diseases; Chronic stress, associated with impaired function of the Stress System, contributes to the development of behavioral and somatic pathologies. By definition, stress is a state of disturbance of the complex dynamic equilibrium, that all living organisms must maintain, and is subserved by the Stress System comprised by the Hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal Axis and the Arousal/Sympathetic/Parasympathetic Nervous Systems. The stress system functions in a baseline circadian fashion and on demand in response to stress and interacts with other systems of the organism to regulate a variety of behavioral, endocrine, metabolic, cardiovascular and immune functions. The experience of chronic perceived or real uncontrollable intense stress may lead to a prolonged state of disturbed, harmful homeostasis or cacostasis, that may result in several behavioral and somatic disorders, including, respectively, anxiety, depression, psychosomatic disorders and substance abuse, and obesity/ metabolic syndrome and their comorbidities, cardiovascular disease and osteoporosis, as well as impaired reproductive and immune functions. Autoimmune and inflammatory nosologies, hypofertility and increased susceptibility to certain infections and cancers are also associated with chronic stress. Developing children and adolescents are particularly vulnerable to the effects of chronic stress. Both behavioral and biologic pathways are involved in the connection between chronic stress and obesity/metabolic syndrome. Emotional “comfort” eating, lack of sleep, impulsive behaviors and selection of specific foods often characterize stressed individuals. In addition to specific behaviors, dysregulation of the stress system through disturbed secretion of CRH, cortisol and the catecholamines, in concert with concurrently elevated insulin concentrations, leads to development of central obesity, insulin resistance and the metabolic syndrome. In children, chronic alterations in stress system activity may have additional effects on cognitive and emotional development, timing of puberty, and final stature. Obese children and adolescents are frequently entangled in a vicious cycle between distress impairing self-image and distorted self-image maintaining and worsening distress. ER  - 
Serum IGF-1 reference ranges in healthy romanian children: Preliminary results; Background. Insulin-like growth factor-1(IGF-1) is a reliable marker of growth disorders and therapy monitoring. IGF-1 serum levels are regulated not only by age, gender and pubertal stage, but also by genetic and social factors, so that reference ranges should be ethnically and geographically assigned. Aims. To establish the reference values for serum IGF-1 in healthy Romanian children, aged between 2-16 years, and to stratify them according to Tanner sexual development stage. Materials and methods. This is an ongoing study, with 174 children (90 boys) with height and weight appropriate for chronological age enrolled so far. Subjects with major disorders of endocrine axes, chronic pathologies/medication, or genetic diseases were excluded. Auxological parameters were recorded and z scores for age and sex were calculated. Serum IGF-1 was measured by a commercial kit on an automated immunochemiluminiscent analyser (reference standard 1st WHO International std NIBSC code 02/254, analytical sensitivity 3 ng/ml). The study has the approval of Ethical Committees and the parental informed consent was obtained. Results. The children were divided by sex and then by age for each gender, in pre-pubertal and pubertal groups, as follows: 2-5 years (gr I), 6-8 years (gr II), 9-11 years (gr III), and 12-15 years (gr IV). IGF-1 positively correlated with chronological age and Tanner stage in boys, as well as in girls. The IGF-1 levels increase with age and reached a peak in group IV in boys (median 344.4ng/ml), meanwhile in girls IGF-1 levels increase earlier (group III, median 324.85ng/ml). We found a significant difference between IGF-1 levels within the same chronological age group in boys with different Tanner stage (p=0.008). We noticed different values for IGF-1 levels in our study toward reference ranges of the commercial kit in the same agegroup, for both sexes. Conclusions. These are the first results aiming to underlie the completion of data for defining the age-related serum IGF-1 reference ranges in Romanian children, stratified on sex, chronological age and sexual development stage, expecting to improve the diagnosis and monitoring of growth disorders and the follow-up of the response at growth promoting therapy. ER  - 
Evaluation of endocrine & metabolic dysfunctions after hematopoietic stem cell transplantation in children: A study from Turkey; Background: Endocrine organs are highly susceptible to effects of high-dose chemotherapy. The objective of the study was to evaluate endocrine and metabolic complications after hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) in children. Methods: The patients who underwent HSCT in our center from April 2010 to October 2014 with at least 1 year followup were analyzed retrospectively. Results: One-hundred children (M/F:59/41; mean age 8.9 7plusmn;4.8 years, mean follow-up time 3.4 ±1.2 years) were included in the study. Female hypogonadism was the most common endocrine dysfunction (35.7%), followed by growth impairment (29.4%), malnutrition (27.4%), dyslipidemia (26%), low bone mineral density (BMD) (25%), hypothyroidism (13%) and insulin resistance (12%). Patients who underwent HSCT ?10 years of age were significantly at risk for hypogonadism, metabolic syndrome, growth impairment and malnutrition (p <0.05). Conclusions: Endocrine or metabolic dysfunctions are more prevalent in children who are older than 10 years of age at HSCT. Children who underwent HSCT should be followed-up by a multidisciplinary team during puberty and adolescence. ER  - 
Moderate-to-vigorous physical activity, but not sedentary time, predicts changes in cardiometabolic risk factors in 10-y-old children: The Active Smarter Kids Study; Background: Cross-sectional data have suggested an inverse relation between physical activity and cardiometabolic risk factors that is independent of sedentary time. However, little is known about which subcomponent of physical activity may predict cardiometabolic risk factors in youths. Objective: We examined the independent prospective associations between objectively measured sedentary time and subcomponents of physical activity with individual and clustered cardiometabolic risk factors in healthy children aged 10 y. Design: We included 700 children (49.1% males; 50.9% females) in which sedentary time and physical activity were measured with the use of accelerometry. Systolic blood pressure, waist circumference (WC), and fasting blood sample (total cholesterol, highdensity lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, glucose, fasting insulin) were measured with the use of standard clinical methods and analyzed individually and as a clustered cardiometabolic risk score standardized by age and sex (z score). Exposure and outcome variables were measured at baseline and at follow-up 7 mo later. Results: Sedentary time was not associated with any of the individual cardiometabolic risk factors or clustered cardiometabolic risk in prospective analyses. Moderate physical activity at baseline predicted lower concentrations of triglycerides (P = 0.021) and homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance (P = 0.027) at follow-up independent of sex, socioeconomic status, Tanner stage, monitor wear time, or WC. Moderate-to-vigorous physical activity (P = 0.043) and vigorous physical activity (P = 0.028) predicted clustered cardiometabolic risk at follow-up, but these associations were attenuated after adjusting for WC. Conclusions: Physical activity, but not sedentary time, is prospectively associated with cardiometabolic risk in healthy children. Public health strategies aimed at improving children's cardiometabolic profile should strive for increasing physical activity of at least moderate intensity rather than reducing sedentary time. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02132494. Am J Clin Nutr 2017;105:1391-8. ER  - 
Race/ethnicity as a predictor of hemoglobin a1c trajectory in youth with type 1 diabetes; Glycemic control varies by race/ethnicity (r/e) in youth with type 1 diabetes (T1D) and hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) often worsens over puberty. It is unknown how disparities in glycemic control persist over time. Data were analyzed from 1,313 T1D youth in the SEARCH for Diabetes in Youth study (diagnosed 2002- 2005, mean T1D duration at baseline = 9.2 months + 6.3; mean age = 9.7 years ± 4.3) who had ≥3 HbA1c measures. The sample was 77.2% non-Hispanic white, 10.7% Hispanic, 9.7% non-Hispanic black, and 2.5% other. Group-based trajectory modeling identified three HbA1c trajectories ranging from minor to major deterioration in HbA1c over 109 months of diabetes duration (Figure). The prevalence of minority youth was higher in higher HbA1c trajectories (15.4%, 17.0%, 46.1% in Group 1, 2, and 3, respectively, p<0.001). This association was significant (p<0.001) after adjustment for baseline demographics, socioeconomic status, and clinical factors (body mass index z-score, insulin regimen, dose, glucose self-monitoring frequency). Depressive symptoms measured by the Center for Epidemiologic Studies Depression scale attenuated this association [OR of minority r/e in Group 3 vs. Group 1: 2.92 (95% CI 1.65, 5.16) vs. adjusted OR 2.20 (95% CI 1.09-4.43]. Minority youth with T1D are more likely than their white counterparts to have persistently poor glucose control. Depressive symptoms may mediate this association Figure persented. ER  - 
Expanding the spectrum of type 2 diabetes risk alleles through genome-wide association study imputed up to haplotype reference consortium panel; We are conducting the largest genome-wide association study (GWAS) of type 2 diabetes (T2D) susceptibility to date in Europeans, aggregating 50,152 cases and 465,263 controls, interrogating a comprehensive catalogue of variation across allele frequency spectrum after imputation up to Haplotype Reference Consortium panel. Analysis of ∼20M variants, including ∼14M that are rare or low-frequency (minor allele frequency [MAF] <0.5% and 0.5-5%, respectively], identified 105 loci at genome wide significance (p<5x10-8), of which 38 did not overlap regions previously implicated in T2D. Only 5 lead variants had MAF<5%, including one novel association near CCND1 (rs11820019, MAF=2.7%, p=4x10-8, 1.17 [1.11-1.23]). Conditional analyses revealed 44 additional (3 rare and 12 low-frequency) distinct association signals (p<10-5) across the loci including 2 at TCF7L2 (rs182771291, MAF=0.4%, p=1x10-8, 1.64 [1.40-1.93] and rs142511108, MAF=1.1%, p=3x10-6, 1.24 [1.14-1.35]). Collectively, these variants captured ∼16% of overall T2D liability scale variance. Applying LD score regression to publically available GWAS summary statistics for a range of phenotypes, we confirmed the previously observed genetic correlations between T2D, obesity, fasting glucose, birth weight, lipids, and cardiovascular disease. In addition, we found novel inverse genetic correlations with age of first birth (Rg=-0.38, p=1x10-28), age at menarche (Rg=-0.26, p=3x10-13), and father's age at death (Rg=-0.43, p=3x10-7). By contrast, metabolites such as isoleucine (Rg=0.44, p=3x10-6) and glycoprotein acetyls (Rg=0.48, p=3x10-5) showed positive correlations with T2D risk. Our observations highlight the potential for discovery of additional T2D-risk alleles across the frequency spectrum by continued increases in sample size and the diversity of variants with new resources for genotype imputation, providing important novel clues to T2D pathophysiology. ER  - 
Diabetes problem-solving skills predict changes in adolescents' A1c over time; Nearly 75% of adolescents with T1D do not meet treatment targets for glycemic control. This is due in part to growth and pubertal factors, but a modifiable contributor is poor problem-solving skills when unexpected challenges arise. Adolescents' ability to use problem-solving skills to respond to diabetes challenges varies, providing potential opportunities for intervention to improve glycemic control. Thus, the goal of the current study was to examine whether better problem-solving for hyperglycemic and hypoglycemic events predicted later A1c. Adolescents in this study (n=264, mean age=15.7, 59.8% female, 65.5% non-Hispanic white, mean T1D duration=6.9 years, mean A1c at baseline = 9.1%, mean hyperglycemia problem-solving at baseline = 7.8, mean hypoglycemia problem-solving at baseline = 7.7; possible problem-solving ranges 0-12) were part of a clinical trial testing a diabetes distress intervention over time. Data were available at baseline, 4, 8, 12, and 16 months. Participants' A1c was obtained from a central laboratory (Diabetes Diagnostics) and they completed the Diabetes Problem- Solving Inventory, a validated structured interview, to assess problemsolving skills. Two linear regression analyses were performed in Mplus to examine whether baseline hyperglycemic or hypoglycemic problem-solving predicted A1c at 16-months. Covariates in the models included baseline A1c, problem-solving at all time points, intervention assignment (advanced education or distress intervention), age, diabetes duration, gender, race, and family income. For every 1 point increase in hyperglycemia or hypoglycemia problem-solving skills at baseline, A1c at 16-months decreased by 0.19 or 0.17 percent, respectively (ps=0.01). Findings confirm that diabetes-specific problem-solving skills impact glycemic control and indicate that interventions targeting problem-solving skills should optimize glycemic outcomes. ER  - 
Exposure to maternal diabetes in utero and offspring eating behavior: The EPOCH study; The risk of becoming overweight among offspring exposed to gestational diabetes (GDM) in utero is two-fold higher than in the general population. The responsible mechanisms are likely multifactorial, with some evidence that GDM exposure alters brain satiety signaling and eating behavior. We investigated the relationship between GDM exposure and altered eating behavior in 268 offspring (mean age = 16 yrs, range: 12-19 yrs) from the Exploring Perinatal Outcomes among Children (EPOCH) cohort who were exposed (n=50) or not exposed (n=218) to GDM in utero. Adolescent eating behavior was measured by the Eating in the Absence of Hunger (EAH-C) questionnaire. EAH-C behavior subscale scores (range: 1-5) for Negative Affect, External Stimuli, and Fatigue/ Boredom were derived by averaging responses across items corresponding to each subscale. The association between GDM exposure and scores for each behavior subscale was evaluated in multivariate linear models, controlling for a priori covariates (maternal pre-pregnancy BMI, offspring birth weight, age, race, and Tanner stage), and including an interaction term between GDM exposure and sex. In univariate analyses, female adolescents scored significantly higher on negative affect (score = 1.6 vs. 1.4, p = 0.03) compared to their male counterparts. Sex significantly modified the association between GDM exposure and Fatigue/Boredom eating behavior (p = 0.02), indicating that female offspring exposed to GDM in utero (vs. those unexposed) were more likely to eat in response to feeling bored or tired, even when already satiated (B = 0.64, 95% CI: 0.08, 1.20). The interaction between GDM exposure and sex on Negative Affect eating also approached significance (p = 0.07), suggesting that GDM-exposed female adolescents may be more likely to eat in response to anger or sadness (vs. those unexposed). Our findings highlight the need for further investigation into the possible early life programming of brain satiety signals and eating behaviors by GDM exposure. ER  - 
Sparc related to metabolic syndrome in chinese children and adolescents across puberty: The BCAMS study; Secreted Protein Acidic and Rich in Cysteine (SPARC) is a secreted adipokine recently identified as playing an important role in modulating adipose tissue fibrosis and the development of obesity-associated disorders. However, information is not available regarding the association between circulating SPARC and risk of metabolic syndrome (MetS). A total of 3223 schoolchildren aged 6-18 recruited in 2004 for the Beijing Child and Adolescent Metabolic Syndrome (BCAMS) study were included in this study. MetS was diagnosed referring to modified ATP III criteria. We found that boys had a higher mean SPARC levels than girls (p<0.001). Prepubertal children had higher levels of SPARC than children in puberty (p<0.001). Subjects with high levels of circulating SPARC had high levels of BMI z-score, waist circumstances, FAT%, triglycerides, fasting insulin and blood pressure in both genders, reduced HDL-c in boys, but there was no association with raised fasting glucose in both genders. MetS subjects had higher levels of circulating SPARC than Non-MetS controls (P<0.001). The prevalence of MetS was higher in subjects with higher levels of circulating SPARC compared to those with lower levels (15.1% vs. 8.6%, P<0.001). In multivariable logistic regression analyses, increased serum SPARC was significantly associated with increased risk of MetS after adjusting for age and gender (OR: 1.7; 95% CI, 1.3-2.0, P<0.001). In conclusion, our findings indicate that circulating SPARC concentrations are positively associated with risk of MetS in Chinese children and adolescents, suggesting that circulating SPARC may be a key player in the pathology of obesity and metabolic complications. ER  - 
The effect of risk-taking behaviors on hemoglobin A1c in women with type 1 diabetes; Risk-taking behaviors (unsafe sexual practices and/or use of alcohol/ tobacco/illicit drugs) can interfere with metabolic control in women with diabetes. This can result in poor decision making which may lead to unplanned pregnancies or sexually transmitted infections (STIs). The purpose of this study was to describe the self-reported risk-taking behaviors and hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) in 75 women with type 1 diabetes recruited from sample of 102 who had participated in a previous study. The sample was between 18-33 years (mean=24.2; SD=4.1), 92% white, 79% had some college, 64% had a husband/boyfriend, 69% had private insurance, and 43% Roman Catholic. Eighty-three percent (n=62) had ever been sexually active, with a mean age of sexual debut of 17.9±0.4 years (range: 12-26). Twentynine percent (n=22) had at least one biological child and 63% (n=14) of these 22 women had an unplanned pregnancy. Of the 62 sexually active women, 60% (n=45) had more than one sexual partner and only 41% (n=31) frequently used condoms. Thirty-six percent (n=27) reported having unprotected sex when not planning a pregnancy; 8% (n=6) reported having been diagnosed with an STI. Seven percent (n=5) had more than seven alcoholic beverages weekly, 31% (n=23) have passed out from alcohol consumption and 39% (n=29) admitted to ever using illicit drugs (including marijuana). Women who reported multiple (>1) risk-taking behaviors were more likely to have a higher HbA1c (>8%) compared to women who reported 0-1 risky behavior (RR=1.29; 95% CI=0.605-2.742). In conclusion, among this sample, risky behaviors could have clinical significance with metabolic control. Preconception counseling should be started at puberty and include avoidance of risk-taking behaviors and the benefits of tight metabolic control. ER  - 
Relation of branched-chain amino acids to insulin resistance and adiposity in children and young adults; Plasma branched-chain amino acids (BCAA), including valine (Val), leucine (Leu), and isoleucine (Ile) are related to adiposity, associated with insulin resistance, and predict incident type 2 diabetes in adults. These associations are not well defined in youth. We examined the cross-sectional and longitudinal relations of BCAA with BMI and insulin sensitivity in children randomly recruited at mean age 12.9±1.1 (baseline; n=300) and re-examined at mean age 21.6±1.7 (follow-up; n=160). Body mass index (BMI), insulin sensitivity (measured by the hyperinsulinemic euglycemic insulin clamp; expressed as Mlbm), and plasma BCAA (measured by NMR spectroscopy) were obtained at each visit. All data are mean±SE. Cross-sectional and longitudinal associations were estimated for individual BCAA or composite BCAA score (Val+Lea+Ile) for dependent variables Mlbm and BMI using repeated measures regression models, adjusting for Tanner stage, sex, and race. At baseline, insulin sensitivity was significantly, inversely related to Val (β= -29.7±7.7, p=0.0002), Leu (β= -77.2±19.9, p=0.0001), Ile (β =-89.2± 23.5, p=0.0002), and composite BCAAs (β= -19.2±4.8, p<0.001), and BCAA was also directly related to BMI (p<0.001 all). These associations also were seen at follow-up. Longitudinal changes in BMI were significantly, positively associated with concurrent changes in Val (β= 0.23±0.07, p=0.0016), Leu (β= 0.23±0.07, p=0.0003), Ile (β= -0.20±0.05, p=0.0002), and composite BCAA (β =-0.27±0.07, p=0.0002), and longitudinal changes in insulin sensitivity were inversely related to concurrent changes in Val (β= -0.44±018, p=0.014) and composite BCAA (β= -0.38±017, p=0.029). However, baseline BCAA did not predict changes in Mlbm or BMI. These results show that: 1) BCAA are already significantly related to Mlbm and BMI in childhood; 2) these relations persist and track into young adulthood; and 3) adverse metabolic processes effecting insulin sensitivity begins early in biologic development. ER  - 
Intrauterine exposure to maternal diabetes or obesity and offspring insulin resistance and β-cell function: The EPOCH study; We examined associations of intrauterine exposure to gestational diabetes and maternal pre-pregnancy obesity with offspring insulin resistance (HOMA2- IR, Mastuda index), β-cell function (HOMA2-B, early insulin response), and the oral disposition index in a longitudinal observational study of ethnicallydiverse youth. Four hundred thirty-seven youth, including 71 exposed to gestational diabetes and 90 exposed to maternal pre-pregnancy obesity, provided fasting blood samples at age 10.5 (SD=1.5) and 16.2 (SD=1.2) years. An oral glucose tolerance test was also performed at the second visit. We used linear mixed models to evaluate the associations of gestational diabetes exposure and pre-pregnancy BMI with offspring outcomes, adjusting for age, sex, race, and Tanner stage. In separate exposure models, maternal gestational diabetes and a 5 kg/m2 increase in maternal pre-pregnancy BMI were each associated with higher HOMA2-IR (β=1.18, p=0.01 and β=1.11, p<0.001, respectively), lower Matsuda index (β=0.83, p<0.03 and β=0.90, p<0.001, respectively), and greater HOMA2-B (β=1.11, p=0.01 and β=1.06, p<0.001, respectively). In a combined model with both exposures, estimates were unchanged for pre-pregnancy BMI but attenuated for gestational diabetes. However, when further adjusted for current offspring BMI, associations for pre-pregnancy BMI were attenuated to non-significance, while associations for gestational diabetes remained statistically significant (HOMA2-IR β=1.11, p=0.04, Matsuda index β=0.84, p<0.02, HOMA2-B β=1.08, p=0.04). Neither gestational diabetes nor pre-pregnancy BMI were associated with early insulin response or oral disposition index. Our data support the hypothesis that fetal overnutrition is associated with metabolic abnormalities in adolescence that are precursors of type 2 diabetes. ER  - 
Risk of obesity in adult women with hypothalamic dysfunction in puberty. Observational prospective study; Obesity is observed in 34.9% of reproductive age women with hypothalamic dysfunction in puberty. The purpose: to evaluate the body mass dynamics in adolescent girls with hypothalamic dysfunction and to identify the risk factors of obesity in reproductive age. An observational prospective cohort study (n = 86). Research Points: girls with hypothalamic dysfunction in puberty (14.18 (1.89) years) (n = 86) and these girls in 6 years in reproductive age 21, 9 (0,93) (n = 86). Continuous variables are reported as the mean and standard deviation (mean(SD)). Categorical variables are reported as frequencies and percentages. We estimated the risk ratio (RR) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs). BMI in puberty was 30.6 (4.4) kg / m2. An overweight in puberty was reported in 41.9%, and obesity in 58.1%.A BMI of the same individuals in reproductive age was 24.7 (3.9) kg / m2. The weight loss inreproductive age women relatively to puberty occurred in 73.3%. A BMI has not changed in 17.4%, and the increasingof BMI for > 30.0 kg / m2 was observed in 9.3%. The duration of reproductive age hypothalamic dysfunction was 2 times higher in obese women than in women with normal body weight (2.1 (1.2) years and 4.0 (2.0), p = 0.003). Significant risk factors of obesity in women are as follows: threatened preterm labor in 2-3 trimester of pregnancy in girls mothers (RR = 3,22, 95% CI 1,10-9,41); herpes infection in puberty (RR = 7,0, 95% CI 1,01-48,55), the increasing level of glucose in venous blood over 6.1 g / l (RR = 3,30, 95% CI 2,30- 8,49); and a fact of amenorrhea (RR = 5,0, 95% CI 2,44-10,22) and medical abortion in reproductive age (RR = 4,43, 95% CI 2,31-8,49). The presence of corpus luteum in the one of the ovaries was an antirisk of reproductive age obesity (RR = 0,15, 95% CI 0,04-0,62). Conclusion. Thus, significant obesity risk factors are (in descending order) -a herpes infection in puberty, an amenorrhea, and medical abortion in reproductive age, moderate diffuse changes of the brainbioelectric activity, the increasing level of glucose in venous blood over 6.1 g / l puberty, the threat of premature birth in 2- 3 trimester of pregnancy in mothers. ER  - 
Impact of delayed induction of puberty and route of administration of estrogen on health parameters in adults with turner syndrome: The turner syndrome life course project; The adult Turner Syndrome clinic at UCLH has collected data on over 750 women with TS attending for up to 20 years comprising over 8000 clinic visits. Data from this cohort forms the Turner Life Course Project at University College London. In this study we present an analysis of the effects of timing and type of exogenous estrogen on health outcomes in adults. Methods A cross sectional analysis of 475 subjects with primary amenorrhoea for whom there was accurate age of induction of puberty data was performed using correlation coefficients. A second analysis of data from 5225 clinic visits was performed in order to assess the effect of estrogen type on medical endpoints. In order to control phenotype variability only subjects who experienced primary amenorrhea were selected for analysis. Hormone replacement therapies were categorised as combined oral contraceptive (OCP; n=1526) clinic visits), oral estrogens (combined 17B estradiol and conjugated equine estrogens; n=3036) and transdermal 17B estradiol (n=663). Univariate analyisis controlling for age and BMI were performed. Results Median (90t h centiles) age of starting induction of puberty was 14 years (11-20). Estrogen start age correlated with hip T score (p=0.001); systolic blood pressure (p=0.015); GGT (p=0.006); HbA1c (p=<0.001). Differences in medical endpoints for three different types of hormone replacement therapy included raised liver enzymes (Alp P, Alt, GGT) associated with transdermal estradiol compared to oral estrogens and OCP: For Alk P 119.1∗, 93.5 , 92 iu/L respectively p. For Alt 50.7∗, 37.0, 31 iu/L respectively. For GGT 160∗, 79, 65 iu/L respectively. Systolic and diastolic blood were lower in the oral estrogens group compared to transdermal estradiol and OCP users: SBP: 75∗,75, 77 mmHg respectively, DBP 124∗, 126,126 mmHg respectively. Bone density was higher in transdermal estradiol group compared to OCP and oral estrogens group: T-score Spine: -0.07, -1,2, -1,1 respectively. T-score hip -0.6∗, -0.9, -0.8 respectively. (∗= significantly different controlling for age and BMI) Conclusions Delay in the age of starting induction of puberty in women with TS is associated with lower BMD of the hip, higher systolic blood pressure, more prevalent fatty liver and raised HbA1c. This data support early induction of puberty before the age of 12. Maintenance estogen using transdermal estradiol was associated with raised liver enzymes and improved bone density. Blood pressure was lowest in the oral oestrogens group. Accepting the effects of prescriber bias, this data support the use of transdermal estradiol for bone density. ER  - 
Clinical and hormonal diagnosis and outcomes in patients with non-classical congenital adrenal hyperplasia due to 21-hydroxylase deficiency according to their genotypes; There is a clinical spectrum of non-classical congenital adrenal hyperplasia due to 21-Hydroxylase deficiency (NC-CAH). In addition, CYP27/A2gene mutations analysis present in homozygosis or as compound heterozygosis. There are scanty data on the relationship between clinical and hormonal data on the diagnosis and at outcomes, according to their genotype. Objectives: To evaluate the genotype-phenotype and its correlation with clinical, biochemical and adverse outcomes in NC-CAH. Patients and Methods: Clinical, hormonal and molecular data of 57 patients (47 female, 10 male; 47 children, 10 adults) were retrospectively analyzed. Results: Patients were followed from 1989 to 2016 with a mean follow-up of 10 years (range: 1-26 years) at University Hospital of Ribeirao Preto, University of Sao Paulo. The majority of children (76%) presented with premature pubarche at the diagnosis, and 6 of them (12%) showed clitoris enlargement. Among adult patients, hirsutism (90%) and menstrual abnormalities (66%) were the commonest symptoms at diagnosis. Of note, 1 adult patient presented primary amenorrhea as the unique symptom. The basal and ACTH-stimulated 17OHP mean levels were 1115 ± 919 ng/dL (range 97-4125) and 4245 ± 2059 ng/dL (range 1115-10648). At the diagnosis, children were treated with cortisone acetate and adults with dexamethasone, with the follow-up, 15% of the adults discontinued treatment, as they were asymptomatic. Regarding clinical outcomes, body mass index was above 25 Kg/m2 in 49% of the patients, 8 patients (20%) presented altered lipid profile, 2 patients (5%) diabetes, and 1 (2,5%) hypertension. Also, 2 male patients (20%) with 10 and 19 years presented testicular adrenal rest tumors. 60% of women who desired fertility had difficulty to become pregnant spontaneously. The most frequent mutation was p.V281 L (68% of alleles) being 42% in homozygosis. Additionally, 39% of the patients were compound heterozygotes for one classic and one non-classical mutation (C/NC). Basal and ACTH-stimulated 17OHP values were higher in patients carrying the C/NC genotype group compared to NC/NC genotype (1549±250 vs 806±162 ng/dL; p=0.01 and 4740±577 vs 3355±345 ng/dL; p=0.04, respectively). Moreover, basal and ACTH-stimulated 17OHP levels of 610 and 3913 ng/dL were, respectively, the best cutoffs to identify NC-CAH patients carrying severe mutations. We also observed a higher DHEAS (182±150 vs 85±69 mcg/dL, p=0.03) and a bone age advancement trend (p=0.05) in C/NC genotype group compared to NC/NC. There were no difference in height, weight, age at diagnosis, adverse outcomes, androstenedione and testosterone levels in both groups. Conclusion: Although no phenotype difference was observed between NC/NC and C/NC genotypes, the present study shows graded severities of adrenal biosynthetic defect reflecting the subtle molecular variability in NC-CAH. ER  - 
Hypogonadism in mauriac syndrome; Background: Mauriac syndrome was first described in children by Pierre Mauriac in 1930. It is characterized by brittle diabetes, poor growth, Cushingoid features, delayed puberty, and hyperlipidemia. It is associated with poorly controlled type 1 diabetes, but the mechanisms are still poorly understood. The profile of the hypothalamicpituitary- gonadal axis in mauriac syndrome has not yet been well described. Case Presentation: A 19-year-old male with a history of diabetes and short stature presented to the endocrinology clinic. He had moved from the Dominican Republic 2 months prior and came to establish care. He reported taking Novolin 70/30 15 units twice daily, but often missing the evening dose if he was feeling good. He was checking his blood sugars about once every other day, with finger sticks ranging from 40's to 300's. He reported having had proteinuria and being on Ramipril in the past. He also reported that he stopped growing around the time that he was diagnosed with diabetes. His parents and siblings ranged from 5″ 5′ to 5″ 7′. There was no family history of diabetes or growth deficiency. On exam, he was found to have a height of 4' 11” and a weight of 82 lb. He looked like a pre-pubescent boy with no facial hair, pubic hair or hair on his chest or legs. He did have sparse axillary hair bilaterally. Genital exam revealed tanner stage 1 phallus with 2.5 cm soft testes. Laboratory evaluation revealed a Hba1c level of 13.9% [4.8-5.9 %], Creatinine 0.7 mg/dL [0.7-1.2] , AST 27 U/L [0-32], ALT 20 U/L [0-41], Cholesterol 200 mg/dL [100-200], HDL 51 mg/dL, LDL 119 mg/dL [0-99], Triglycerides 151 mg/dL [0-200], Cortisol (afternoon) 16.8 mcg/dL [8-20], LH 1 mlU/mL [1.1-8.8], FSH 1.6 mlU/mL [1-12], Prolactin 13.7 ng/mL [4.6-21.4], Testosterone 33 ng/dL [249-836], TSH 2.4 ulU/mL [0.27-4.0], free T4 0.8 ng/dL [0.7-1.5], GH 3.8 ng/mL [0-10], IGF-1 137 ng/mL [140 - 463]. Urinalysis revealed Protein 100 mg/dL [negative]. MRI of the brain showed small size of the sella and pituitary gland, suspicious for hypopituitarism. Abdominal ultrasound showed coarsened, heterogeneous liver consistent with nonspecific hepatic parenchymal disease. A bone age based on x-ray of the left hand was 14-15 years. Three months after presentation, his Hba1c had decreased to 8.2%. However, his testosterone level remained unchanged even after his diabetes had been stable for five months. Conclusion: This young man with type 1 diabetes and Mauriac syndrome suffers from hypogonadotrophic hypogonadism. It is possible that this patient might benefit from testosterone supplementation to help with development of secondary sexual characteristics or treatment aimed at stimulating hypothalamic-pituitary function. ER  - 
The age of 7-11 years old of iddm onset is a main risk factor of reproductive and physical development delay in girls; Opinions regarding the role of insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) in formation of reproductive function and physical development in adolescents remain controversial. Total of 58 girls (15.2(2.8) years) were examined at the endocrinology department of the Clinic of the Scientific Center of Family Health and Human Reproduction Problems. Duration of less than 5 years was in 53% of children, over 5 years - in 47%. Average duration of IDDM amounted to 5.1(3.5) years. IDDM onset occurred between ages 3 and 7 in 20.7% of children, between ages 7 and 11 - in 43.1%, between ages 11 and 14 - in 20.7%, at age 14 or older -15.5%. Continuous variables are reported as the mean and standard deviation (mean (SD)). Reproductive development indicator (points total (J.Tanner, 1976 ) in girls aged 10-13 yrs with IDDM onset at 7-11 yrs, estimated at 2.1(0.3) points age 11.0 (2.3)yrs, was lower (p<0.01) than the indicator for girls with IDDM onset at 3-7 yrs - 3.5(0.5) points age12.0(0.1) yrs. Girls and adolescents aged 14-17 were considerably delayed in their reproductive development age 14.9(0.3) yrs with IDDM onset during the period from 7 to 11 yrs, compared to patients with IDDM onset before 7 yrs, age 15.0 (0.2)yrs: 6.8 (0.7) points vs. 9.5(0.6) points, (p<0.01). Adolescent girls aged 18-21 with IDDM onset at 7-11 yrs had lower indicators of reproductive development (p<0.01) 9.4(0.6) points age 19.1 (0.4)yrs compared to indicators in groups with later onset of the disease: 11.1(0.8) points and 11.8(0.4) points, age 19.0 (0.5) and 19.4 (0.6). In patients with IDDM onsetin prepuberty age of 7-11 yrsage 14.2(2.3) demonstrated expressed delay in reproductive and physical development more frequently52.0% compared to girls, in which IDDM onset occurred before the age of 7. Girls with IDDM onset at the age from 3 to 7 demonstrated expressed delay in reproductive and physical development among 25.5% of patients age 15.0 (3.0)yrs, borderline development delay was observed in 41.7% of patients age 14.0 (5.2)yrs, normal development 33.3%age 13.3(1.7) yrs. Girls with onset during active puberty period 11-14 yrs had relatively high indicators of physical and reproductive development. Normal development was observed in 33.3% of girls age 16.3(1.6)yrs, borderline development delay was observed in 41.7% age 15.3(0.8)yrs, expressed delay of reproductive and physical development occurred in 25.0% age 16.5(0.7)yrs, which is considerably less than the share of patients in the group with IDDM onset at pre-puberty age. Patients with IDDM onset after the age of 15 demonstrated expressed reproductive and physical development delay in 22.2% of cases age 17.5(1.7) yrs. This is considerably less than the respective indicator (44.5%) in girls with IDDM onset at pre-puberty age. The fact of IDDM onset at the age of 7-11 in girls is an alerting argument toward unfavorable forecast of reproductive and physical development delay. ER  - 
A case of insulin resistance a with excessive insulin resistance and vilirization; Patient: The patient was a 19-year-old woman. Her past medical history/family history was not notable. History of current condition: No abnormalities were identified during gestation or on neonatal tests. She did not have a history of childhood obesity. Hirsutism and a beard became apparent from 15 years of age. The patient was examined in a gynecology clinic for failure to reach menarche. Clitoral hypertrophy and other symptoms of virilization were evident and the patient was examined in our department. Blood tests revealed elevated testosterone levels (1.33 ng/dL); genetic screening for suspected 21-hydroxylase deficiency was performed. No known gene mutation was detected. The patient was admitted to our department for further investigation. Course: Height was 159.5 cm, weight was 50 kg, and the patient was not obese. She did not exhibit features of Cushing syndrome. Acanthosis nigricans and other body surface markings were absent. The breasts were Tanner stage II, and male-type hirsutism was evident. Magnetic resonance imaging revealed that the uterus and ovaries were of normal size. Blood and urinary steroid mapping revealed elevated dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate and cortisol levels. Levels of 17-OHP[A1] was not elevated. A rapid adrenocorticotropic hormone challenge test did not show 17-OHP elevation, excluding 21-hydroxylase deficiency. Blood tests on admission revealed HbA1c levels of 6.3%; we performed a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test. Blood glucose and insulin levels were 71 mg/dL and 94.7 μU/mL[A2] , respectively, at baseline, and 213 mg/dL and 1751.2 μU/mL at 120 min post-test. The patient was diagnosed with type A insulin resistance. Discussion: Insulin resistance is easily identifiable in patients with amenorrhea and virilization, although PCO are also generally present. Here, PCO syndrome was excluded following gynecological investigation, making the diagnosis more challenging. The patient is currently undergoing Kaufmann therapy and oral biguanide treatment, while we continue to follow her condition. [A1]The abbreviations 17-OHP, and PCO below, are well known to endocrinologists therefore the full terms are not required, per publishing guidelines. I have reduced the text length to make allowances for this. [A2] Please note that the normal reference values should be included in the abstract, per publishing guidelines. ER  - 
Children with idiopathic isolated growth hormone deficiency rarely develop additional pituitary deficiencies; Growth hormone deficiency (GHD) in children can be isolated or present in the context of multiple pituitary hormone deficiencies (MPHD). Children who are diagnosed with isolated GHD are followed for the development of MPHD with routine screening. Previous studies have shown that MPHD develops more frequently in patients with isolated GHD due to organic causes than in patients with idiopathic isolated GHD. These data suggest that routine laboratory screening for MPHD in children with idiopathic isolated GHD may not be required. To further address this question, we performed a retrospective analysis of all patients diagnosed with idiopathic isolated GHD and treated with growth hormone at our tertiary care children's hospital since 2005. Subjects were excluded if their GHD was the result of an acquired cause, such as a brain tumour, or a congenital disorder known to be associated with pituitary abnormalities, such as septo-optic dysplasia. Determination of an additional hormone deficiency was made once a subject was started on corresponding hormone replacement by the treating physician. 141 subjects (46 female) were included with 588 total years on GH replacement (mean 50.0 [19.9-131.6] months). MRI data was available for 111 subjects. MPHD was diagnosed in 6 subjects (4.3%). Central hypothyroidism developed in 4 subjects (2.8%), with diagnosis between 33.4-75.7 months after GH start. Hypogonadotropic hypogonadism was seen in 3 subjects (2.1%), ranging from 22.1-102.7 months after GH start. One subject developed both central hypothyroidism and hypogonadotropic hypogonadism. No subject developed ACTH deficiency or central diabetes insipidus. Unlike subjects with central hypothyroidism who were asymptomatic prior to diagnosis, all subjects with hypogonadotropic hypogonadism were suspected clinically due to abnormalities of pubertal development. Investigation of predictive factors revealed that the average length on GH treatment for the MPHD group was 75.4 months compared to 48.9 months in the non-MPHD group (p = 0.01). MPHD was seen in 1/78 (1.3%) subjects with normal hypothalamus-pituitary development on MRI and in 5/33 (15.2%) of those with MRI abnormalities, such as ectopic posterior pituitary or cystic lesion (p = 0.009). There was a trend toward development of MPHD among females (OR 4.4, 95% CI 0.8-25.1) and those with lower peak GH level on stimulation (OR 4.3 for GH<2 ng/mL, 95% CI 0.7-25.8). Overall, the development of MPHD in this cohort of children with isolated idiopathic GHD was uncommon. This study further questions the benefit of routine laboratory screening in patients with isolated GHD, particularly in those with a normal MRI. ER  - 
Metabolic syndrome (MS) and cardiovascular risk (CV) in peripubertal and adolescent childhood cancer survivors (CCS); Introduction and aim: Pediatric CCS have greater CV risk than healthy children that may track into adulthood; however, in this cohort, data about the MS are limited and not well defined. Aim of the study was to evaluate the prevalence of the MS based on the IDF 2007 criteria and of the CV risks included in its definition, i.e. central adiposity based on waist circumference, in a large single center cohort of young CCS. Methods: two-hundred and six patients (111M, 95F) diagnosed with cancer at a median age of 4.7 years (leukemia/lymphoma n=72, solid tumor n=83, brain tumor n=51) were evaluated at 10-16 years old, with a median off-therapy interval since diagnosis of 8.1 years. All subjects underwent clinical (height-cm, weightkg, BMI-SDS, waist and hip circumference-WC and HC-cm and ratios, blood pressure, Tanner pubertal staging) biochemical/hormonal (triglicerides-TG, HDL and LDL cholesterol, glicaemia, insulin, fT4) evaluations. The IDF 2007 criteria were applied for the MS definition (CV>90th percentile plus at least 2 of the following: TG>150 mg/dl, HDL<40 mg/dl, blood pressure>130/85 mmHg, baseline glicaemia>100 mg/dl or diabetes mellitus type 2). Results: in the cohort overall we found a 3.9% prevalence of MS (n=8, 3F, 5M, all>3 Tanner stage) that increased up to 9.9% (n=8/81, 53 males, 28 females) in the obese population (BMI-SDS>2). We found no associations between the MS and type of tumor or previous cancer treatment; however, subjects with brain tumor displayed an overall unfavorable metabolic pattern with increased lipid profile (LDL, TG) and WC/HC ratio (all P values< 0.05) compared to other cancer groups Multiple logistic regression analyses demonstrated that the model with a BMI-SDS >2.24 and a baseline insulin >10.8 μU/mL perfectly predicted the MS; subjects with a WC/height ratio >0.53 (ORadj: 41.6; p <0.0001) and fT4 <9.9 pg/ml (ORadj: 10.6; p=0.007) presented a higher MS risk compared to patients not satisfying these cut-offs. Central adiposity (WC>90t hpercentile) was found in 52.4% of the cohort (n=108/206, n=61M, n=47F); BMI-SDS>2.24 (p<0.0001), insulin >10.8 μU/mL (p<0.0001) and prepubertal Tanner stage (p =0.012) were associated to it. A perfect prediction of central adiposity was obtained by a systolic blood pressure value >130 mmHg; furthermore, subjects with a BMI-SDS >2.24 (ORa d j : 148.7; p <0.0001) and a follow-up since cancer diagnosis <9.7 years (ORa d j : 2.6; p=0.014) presented an increased risk of having a WC>90t hpercentile. Conclusions: In our large cohort of CCS 10-16 years of age we found a MS prevalence of 3.9%, 8 years after off-therapy, that increased up to 10% in the obese cohort; however, central adiposity was diagnosed in more than half of the overall population, highlighting an early potential CV morbidity. Specific cut-off for BMI, insulin, fT4 and WC/height ratio could be valuable predictors for developing a MS or CV risk, but they need further validation. ER  - 
Puberty and insulin resistance: A longitudinal examination of hyperglycemic clamp-derived insulin sensitivity and insulin secretion among non-hispanic black and non-hispanic white children; Background: Some studies have suggested children experience a transient decrease in insulin sensitivity (SI) during puberty, but few longitudinal studies using criterion measures of SI or insulin secretion (IS) have been conducted. We hypothesized that longitudinal assessments of SI and IS by hyperglycemic clamps would demonstrate that pre- and early-pubertal children exhibit worsened SI during late puberty, but there would be improved SI and IS among adolescents who were studied again as adults. Methods: First phase and steady state insulin concentrations and SI to glucose were measured via hyperglycemic clamps (200 mg/dL for 2h) in a sample of non-Hispanic Black and non-Hispanic White children evaluated at age 6-12y and at 5y intervals into adulthood (maximum age 27y) as part of participation in the NIH Children's Growth Study. The associations of pubertal stage with SI and IS were assessed cross-sectionally in 129 participants at the five Tanner stages of puberty (as assessed by physical examination) and in adulthood (18- 27y). Longitudinal changes in SI (ASI) and IS (AIS) were compared among available participants who underwent repeated clamps from 3 groups defined by changes in pubertal stage: Prepubertal (Tanner I) at baseline and Tanner IV or V at follow-up (n=28), Early Pubertal (Tanner II) at baseline and Tanner IV or V at follow-up (n=24), and Late Pubertal (Tanner V) at baseline and adult at follow-up (n=26). Analyses accounted for race, sex, fat percentage, and (in longitudinal analyses) change in fat percentage. Results: Cross-sectionally, SI was highest in Tanner I and II (p's<0.001 vs. Tanner III, IV or V), lowest in Tanner III, and significantly greater in adults compared to Tanner V adolescents (p=0.02). Longitudinally, SI decreased significantly from Tanner I/II to IV/V, and increased significantly for Tanner V adolescents restudied as adults (p's<0.007). Cross-sectionally, steady state IS was highest in Tanner stage IV and V (p's<0.027 vs. Tanner II and adults). Longitudinally, first phase IS increased from Tanner I/II to IV/V and decreased for Tanner V adolescents restudied as adults. Additionally, first phase IS, steady state IS, and SI were associated with adiposity (p's<0.001) and race (IS greater in NHB, SI greater in NHW; p's<0.032). Conclusion: There is a transient decrease in SI and increase in IS during puberty that resolves in adulthood. ER  - 
Sex differences in effects of obesity on glucose metabolism and reproductive hormones in puberty: The health influences of puberty study; Background: Youth-onset type 2 diabetes (T2D) is a disease of pubertal onset and is twice as common in girls as boys. Objective: To assess sex differences in reproductive hormones and associations among insulin sensitivity (Si), insulin secretion (acute insulin response to glucose, AIRg), and sex steroids in early pubertal, lean and obese boys and girls. We hypothesized that obesity is associated with gonadal dysfunction in males and females. Methods: Healthy lean and obese girls (n=54) and boys (n=50) at sexual maturity rating (SMR) 2-3 had a fasting study visit, including: anthropometrics, reproductive hormones (serum testosterone [T], sex hormonebinding globulin [SHBG], dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate [DHEAS], and urine LH/FSH/estradiol metabolite [E1c, measured on first morning urine and normalized to creatinine]), and an IV glucose tolerance test (IVGTT). Free androgen index (FAI) was calculated ([T/SHBG]∗100). Descriptive group comparisons (mean + standard error) were adjusted for SMR. AIRg and Si were log-transformed. Linear regression models were used to examine associations between outcomes and predictors, adjusted for SMR. Results: Average age was 11.9 + 0.2 years for lean (n=44) and 11.5 + 0.2 years for obese (n=46) participants. Average BMI z-score was -0.19 (-0.75, 0.27) and 2.08 (1.80, 2.47), respectively. We previously reported that Si is significantly lower, AIRg significantly higher, and DI similar in obese vs lean SMR 2-3 youth. Obese vs lean boys had significantly lower SHBG (18.4 + 3.1 vs 61.2 + 2.8 nmol/L, P<0.001), lower total T (59 + 21 vs 166 + 19 ng/dL, P=0.004), higher E1c (18.0 + 3.9 vs 6.7 +3.6 ng/mgCr, P=0.05) and no significant differences in FSH (2.4 + 0.7 vs 1.7 + 0.7 mLU/mgCr), LH (3.1 + 0.8 vs 2.8 + 0.7 mLU/mgCr) or DHEAS (144 + 13 vs 113 + 12 ug/dL). There were significant associations (R2 ) between Si and SHBG (0.54, P<0.002), DHEAS (0.22, P=0.008), and total T (0.15, P=0.04), and between AIRg and FSH (0.26, P=0.05), SHBG (0.51, P<0.001), DHEAS (0.27, P=0.006) and total T (0.24, P=0.02). Obese vs lean girls had significantly lower SHBG (19.4 + 3.5 vs 58.4 + 4.0 nmol/L, P<0.001) and higher FAI (126 + 19.6 vs 60 + 21.9, P=.03). There were no significant differences in FSH (4.2 + 1.2 vs 6.3 + 1.4 mLU/mgCr), LH (2.7 + 0.9 vs 5.0 + 1.0 mLU/mgCr), E1C (24.3 + 4.3 vs 15.5 + 4.8 ng/mgCr) or DHEAS (69.1 + 7.8 vs 64.3 + 8.7 ug/dL) between obese vs lean girls. There were significant associations between Si and SHBG (0.26, P=0.002) and AIRg and SHBG (0.21, P<0.001). Conclusion: Obesity is associated with low SHBG in early pubertal boys and girls. In boys, this impacts total T, but not FAI. In obese girls, FAI is higher, indicating impact on bioavailable T. Effects of obesity on associations among reproductive hormones and measures of glucose metabolism may differ between girls and boys, and may partly account for sex differences in incidence of T2D in youth. ER  - 
High plasma IGF-1 levels are associated with decreased insulin sensitivity and with the metabolic syndrome in obese children and adolescents; Background: It has been suggested that the IGF-1/IGFBP axis play a role in glucose homeostasis and might contribute to the pathogenesis of disglycaemia, obesity and the metabolic syndrome1 . The associated pathophysiological mechanisms are not well understood. Objective: To evaluate insulin secretion, insulin sensitivity and the metabolic syndrome (MS) in relation to fasting plasma IGF-1 levels in obese children and adolescents (OCA). Methods: 343 OCA (aged 8 to 16 years) were recruited in a tertiary referral hospital in Sao Paulo, Brazil. IGF-1 was expressed as crude levels (ng/ml) and as a standard deviation score (SDS) for age and sex from a reference population. Tertiles of IGF-1 and IGF-1 SDS were computed separately for girls and boys. The insulin secretion index was computed as AInsulin30-0rnin/Glucose30min following an oral glucose tolerance test. Insulin sensitivity was assessed by Matsuda's composite index (ISIcomp) and by the Homeostasis model assessment index (HOMA%S). Statistics are analyses of covariance. Results: IGF-1 was significantly higher in girls (n=220) than in boys (n=123): 401 ± 12 vs 301 ± 17 ng/ml, m ±SEM p<0.0001; and 1.29 ± 0.09 vs 0.64 ± 0.12 SDS, p<0.0001; adjusted for age and pubertal stage. It was significantly higher in pubertal (n=161) than in pre-pubertal (n=178) OCA: 388 ± 18 vs 314 ± 15 ng/ml, p=0.004; and 1.19 ± 0.13 vs 0.74 ± 0.11 SDS, p=0.02; adjusted for sex and age. IGF-1 was higher in OCA with MS (n=101) (ATP criteria) than in OCA without MS (n=153): 375 ± 45 vs 323 ± 44 ng/ml, p=0.04; and 1.28 ± 0.31 vs 0.77 ± 0.31 SDS, p=0.007; adjusted for sex, age and pubertal stage. OCA with high levels of IGF-1 had decreased insulin sensitivity. ISIcomp by sex-specific tertiles of IGF-1 (ng/ml) was 3.25 ± 0.22 (T1), 2.61 ± 0.22 (T2) and 2.66 ± 0.21 arbitrary units (T3), p=0.02; adjusted for sex, age, pubertal stage, BMI (Z-score) and body fat mass (%). ISIcomp by tertiles of IGF-1 SDS was 3.25 ± 0.22 (T1), 2.55 ± 0.22 (T2) and 2.72 ± 0.22 arbitrary units (T3), p=0.01. HOMA%S by tertiles of IGF-1 (ng/ml) and IGF-1 SDS was and 69 ± 5 (T1), 58 ± 5 (T2) and 58 ± 5% (T3), p=0.005 (for T1 vs T2/T3); and 67 ± 5 (T1), 58 ± 5 (T2) and 59 ± 5% (T3), p=0.02 (for T1 vs T2/T3), respectively. The insulin secretion index by tertiles of IGF-1 (ng/ml) and IGF-1 SDS was and 59 ± 9 (T1), 73 ± 8 (T2) and 83 ± 8 pmol insulin / mmol glucose (T3), p=0.03; adjusted for sex, age, pubertal stage, BMI (Z-score) and body fat mass (%), and 59 ± 8 (T1), 76 ± 8 (T2) and 81 ± 9 pmol insulin / mmol glucose (T3), p=0.03; respectively. Differences between tertiles did not remain significant when comparisons were further adjusted by ISIcomp, suggesting that the higher insulin secretion in OCA with high IGF-1 levels could be accounted for by decreased insulin sensitivity. Conclusion: High IGF-1 levels were associated with decreased insulin sensitivity and with MS in OCA, suggesting that the IGF-1/IGFBP axis may play a role in metabolic abnormalities since childhood. ER  - 
Are ultrasensitive estrogens levels in pre-pubertal girls associated with breast composition at the end of puberty?; Background: In girls, breast development is the most frequent sign of estrogen increase after the activation of the hypothalamus hypophysis gonadal axis. We have observed that higher levels of ultrasensitive estrogen levels during pre-puberty are associated with an earlier thelarche onset. Breast density is a known risk factors for breast cancer, which is mainly a cancer dependent on life-course estrogen exposure. However, it is unclear how pre-pubertal estrogen levels influence breast composition during puberty; thus, better understanding its determinants results relevant for better understanding breast cancer risk. Aim: To assess whether very low levels of estrogens (US-E) in pre-pubertal girls at age 7 are associated with higher % of fibroglandular volume (%FGV) and absolute fibroglandular volume (AFGV) of the breast at menarche. Methods: This study is nested in the Growth & Obesity Chilean Cohort Study, which is a longitudinal follow-up of 540 girls since age 4. At 6.7 years anthropometric data were measured and a morning fasting blood sample was obtained for measuring US-E (ultrasensitive recombinant cell bioassay) and other hormones (DHEAS, leptin, insulin and IGF1).%FGV and AFGV were measured using a GE iDXA in girls who have reached menarche. Images were exported as low and high attenuation images and %FGV and AFGV was calculated based on a two-compartment model of adipose and fibro-glandular tissue using a software developed by University of California San Francisco; precision of 3.5%. US-E level at age 6.7 (sd=0.4) was dichotomized in 5 or more pg/ml and <5 pg/ml (75th percentile of the sample distribution). Then we carried out crude and adjusted (body mass index (z-score), insulin and IGF-1) linear regression models to assess the relation between US-E and %FGV and AFGV at menarche. Results: We collected data on 96 girls. Median level of US-E was 3.3 pg/ml (IQR:2.0- 5.1), mean %FGV was 46.5% (sd= 14.2) and AFGV, 127.7 cm3(sd=50.6). %FGV was 45.3% (sd=14.0) in girls with US-E<5 pg/ml and 50.3% (sd=14.1) in girls with US-E > 5pg/ml (p=0.16), while AFGV was 125.9 cm3 (sd=49.6) and 132.7 cm3(53.9) respectively (p=0.58), with no statistically significant differences. However, in the crude and adjusted models we observed that girls with US-E >5 pg/ml were more likely to have higher levels of %FGV (βcrude= 4.8; 95%CI: -1.8; 11.3 and βadjusted= 2.7; 95%CI: -3.2; 8.6) and AFGV (βcrude=6.9; 95%CI: -16.4;30.1 and βadjusted=7.0; 95%CI: -17.1;31). Conclusion: We observed that girls with US-E > 5pg/ml were more likely to have higher %FGV and AFGV, although those differences were not statistically significant This is of paramount interest, because higher levels of pre-pubertal estrogens could have an effect on breast composition at puberty; thus, increasing breast cancer risk. ER  - 
Neurofibromatosis-1 presenting with gigantism and precocious puberty; Introduction: GH excess in children is rare and most commonly associated with a pituitary adenoma. There is only limited data in the pediatric literature of gigantism associated with neurofibromatosis. Clinical case: A 3-year old boy presented with hyperphagia and excessive growth for 1year prior to evaluation. Birth history was unremarkable; developmental history was significant for delayed expressive language and gross motor milestones; the patient walked at the age of 18months, and has continued coordination difficulties with jumping and climbing. Past medical history was significant for early teeth eruption, congenital unilateral ptosis, onchocryptosis requiring surgical intervention, and chronic sinus infections. Review of systems revealed frequent night sweats, dry skin with almost constantly sweaty hands, and significantly increased appetite. Family history was significant for a paternal cousin with polydactyly, and father and paternal grandmother with “small brown spots” on their skin. Physical exam showed head circumference, height and weight all above the 99th percentile for his age, L congenital ptosis, large ears, broad and doughy hands, L 4th toe and R 2nd toe clinodactyly, 7 cafe-au-lait spots at R chest area with most of them measuring <0.5cm in diameter, enlarged scrotum bilaterally with testicular volume 5cc bilaterally and Tanner stage 1 pubic hair. Initial laboratory testing showed markedly elevated IGF1 683 ng/ml (reference range 49-289ng/ml), random GH of 9.9 ng/mL (normal <3) and elevated high sensitivity LH by ICMA at 1.4 mIU/mL (pubertal range defined as ≥ 0.3)nd FSH 1.5U/L and 2.0U/L respectively. Oral glucose tolerance test was performed revealing a baseline GH at 4.99ng/ml (reference range 0-3.0ng/ml) rising to 8.81ng/ml 120minutes after 40g of oral glucose. Sedated brain MRI showed a R optic glioma with a hypothalamic tumor and diffuse gliomatosis. The patient was started on a combined chemotherapy regimen of carboplatin and vincristine. Furthermore, the patient was started on octreotide and leuprolide analogue to suppress the GH excess and early puberty. Conclusion: We describe a case of a pediatric patient presenting with excessive growth and precocious puberty found to have an optic glioma and hypothalamic tumor in the setting of neurofibromatosis type 1. The mechanism by which the optic glioma causes GH excess is thought to be due to loss of the inhibitory effect of somatostatin on GH secretion. ER  - 
Cortisol/cortisone ratio in overweight and obese adolescents; In obese patients with insulin resistance, there is a hypercortisolism due to higher expression of 11β- hydroxysteroid-dehydrogenase 1 enzyme in visceral adipose tissue and this could additionally contribute to the pathogenesis of the features of the metabolic syndrome. However, serum cortisol levels determined by radioimmunoassay have low sensibility/specificity. In order to evaluate cortisol/cortisone ratio in overweight and obese adolescents, we evaluated 57 adolescents. Body mass index (BMI SDS, WHO, 2007) was obtained, and waist circumference (WC) was measured at the midpoint between the lowest rib and the iliac crest and WC/height ratio was calculated. Serum levels of insulin, glucose, total cholesterol (TC), high density lipoprotein (HDL), very low density lipoprotein (VLDL), low density lipoprotein (LDL), triglycerides (TG), cortisol and cortisone levels (mcg/dL, HPLC) were obtained from all patients after 12 h of fasting. They also underwent an oral glucose tolerance test (oGTT). Statistical analysis was performed using the SigmaStat 3.5 for Windows (SPSS, Point Richmond, CA, USA). Different groups were compared by T test (parametric) or U Mann-Whitney test (non-parametric). In the analysis of the association between two variables, linear regression test was used. It was considered statistically significant p value < 0.05. Results: All patients (18M: 39F) were in puberty. Mean (SD) chronological age was 12.9 (2.4)years. Anthropometric data were: BMI SDS=2.6 (0.6); WC/H ratio=0.6 (0.005); TC=158.9 (33.3); LDLc=95.2 (28.1); HDLc=38.9 (6.7); TG=119.6 (45.6); fasting glycemia=83.3 (7.2); fasting insulin=20.6(10.8); sum of insulin at oGTT=504.2 (256.6), cortisol=8.9 (12.8)mcg/dL, cortisone=6.4 (13.7)mcg/dL, cortisol/cortisone ratio=5.4 (9.9). There was no correlation between cortisol/cortisone ratio and the following variables: BMI SDS, WC/H ratio, HOMA-IR. When we divided the patients according to cut off = 4 of cortisol/cortisone ratio, we observed that there was no difference between groups in relation to BMI SDS, WC/H, sum of insulin, but TG/HDL ratio was higher in the group with higher cortisol/cortisone ratio. In this group the only difference observed was TG/HDL ratio, that was higher in patients with higher cortisol/ cortisone. This could suggest that patients with cortisol/cortisone > 4 have higher risk of cardiovascular disease, because TG/HDL ratio is related to atherogenic profile. Patients with higher levels of insulinemia (sum of insulin>300 at oGTT) had similar cortisol/cortisone ratio, but higher cortisol levels. In this study, we used HPLC in order to determine cortisol and cortisone levels. However, our study failed to show an association of cortisol/cortisone ratio with other clinical and laboratorial manifestations of metabolic syndrome. Maybe, tissue cortisol determination could be more sensitive to metabolic abnormalities. ER  - 
Laboratory and survey assessments of chronic stress have discordant relationships with markers of the metabolic syndrome (MS); Background: Chronic amplification of the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis (HPAA) from psychological stress may predispose to ectopic fat deposition and the metabolic syndrome (MS). This association is variably supported by adult and animal studies, and by a small number of pediatric studies. The relationship of selfperceived stress, chronic HPAA activation, and biochemical indicators of MS in a single group of overweight children is not known. Question: Does heightened subjective psychological stress correlate with elevated HPAA activity, increased IR, and dyslipidemia in overweight children? Methods: We performed a cross sectional study of 24 ethnically diverse girls and boys ages 8-18 years with BMI > 85th percentile. Exclusion criteria included chronic glucocorticoids or medication for diabetes or insulin resistance (IR) or dyslipidemia. Puberty was assessed for stratification by DHEAS and LH. Perception of chronic stress was assessed by the Perceived Stress Scale (PSS) and the Positive and Negative Affect Schedule (PANAS-C). Chronic HPAA changes were assessed by salivary waking cortisol and the change in cortisol thirty minutes after waking (A cortisol). MS was assessed biochemically by fasting insulin, triglycerides, HDL and non-HDL cholesterol. Results: A significant negative correlation was found between waking salivary cortisol and both fasting insulin (correlation -0.71, P=0.0297) and non-HDL cholesterol (correlation -0.68, P= 0.0433). A significant pos/t/vecorrelation was found between A cortisol and fasting insulin (correlation 0.67, P=0.0473). A positive trend was found between A cortisol and non-HDL cholesterol (correlation 0.53, P=0.1451). PSS and PANAS-C did not show correlation with cortisol measures or markers of MS. Conclusions: These data suggest that HPAA reactivity shown by A cortisol predicted IR and possibly dyslipidemia in overweight and obese children, but unexpectedly, basal HPAA measurements thought to indicate chronic psychological stress did not. Furthermore, subjective report of chronic sress using validated questionnaires has not yet demonstrated efficacy in predicting chronic HPAA activation or markers of metabolic syndrome. Increased sample size to better analyze the association between laboratory and questionnaire evidence of chronic stress will clarify the utility of questionnaires in identifying overweight and obese children who might benefit metabolically from interventions designed to lower chronic psychological stress. ER  - 
Free fatty acid concentration as an indicator of the fasted state in children and adolescents with and without obesity; Background: Establishing that children are in the post-absorptive (fasted) state is necessary for assessment of obesityrelated metabolic complications. Serum free fatty acid (FFA) concentrations are suppressed by circulating insulin during the fed state. We hypothesized that some children and adolescents who have blood drawn at outpatient visits and report having fasted would have suppressed FFA secondary to non-disclosed eating. We therefore examined if FFA varied systematically in pediatric inpatients (IP), when fasting was assured by direct observation, compared to pediatric outpatients (OP), where fasting was self-reported. Methods: Serum FFA was measured cross-sectionally in a convenience sample of 514 obese (n=383) and non-obese (n=131) children ages 5-17y who were evaluated at the NIH Clinical Center in the morning at either an OP (n=182) or an IP visit (n=332). Subjects were specifically queried about fasting since 10 PM the previous night. Additionally, paired data from 244 children who had both OP and IP FFA fasting values were compared. Univariate Analysis of Variance was performed with FFA as the dependent variable, IP/OP visit type as the independent variable, and age, sex, race, Tanner stage, and BMIz (or fat percentage by DEXA in a second analysis) as covariates. Among subjects who had both OP and IP fasting FFA values, the difference in IP and OP FFA was compared accounting for the same covariates. Results: All participants reported they had fasted since the previous night. The time at which FFA was measured was not significantly different in IP and OP samples. In cross-sectional analyses, among all participants, 0.3% of those with IP vs. 3.9% of those with OP visits had suppressed FFA below 0.2 mEq/L (Fisher Exact p=0.003). Age was inversely associated with FFA (p=0.04) such that older children had lower FFA and there was an age∗ IP/OP interaction (p<0.001), such that OP FFA was significantly lower than IP FFA in children age ≥10y but not in younger children. Among subjects with both IP and OP FFA measurements, participants ≥ age 10y had lower OP FFA than IP FFA (p=0.02). Conclusion: Based on having significantly lower OP than IP FFA, older children appear more likely to have reported fasting when they had not done so. Measurement of serum FFA can help identify children who are not in the postabsorptive state. ER  - 
Glucose homeostasis and b-cell function in adolescents after laparoscopic adjustable gastric banding vs. laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy; Background: Obesity and its related comorbidities are a major public health challenge in the US. Laparoscopic adjustable gastric banding (LAGB) and laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy (LSG) both lead to significant weight loss followed by secondary, weight-dependent metabolic improvements. There is evidence that LSG favors larger improvements in glycemic control through weight-independent mechanisms including changes in bile acids, gut hormones, and altered glucose absorption. We sought to investigate bariatric surgery induced glucose homeostasis changes in obese adolescents. We hypothesized that, after controlling for weight loss related effects, LSG would lead to increased oral disposition index (oDI) versus LAGB-suggestive of greater improvement in β-cell function. Methods: 122 post-pubertal, normoglycemic, and first time surgery candidates with obesity (14-19 years), undergoing LAGB (n=93) and LSG (n=29), were enrolled in this study. Preoperatively, and at 6 and 12 months postoperatively an oral glucose tolerance test with glucose/insulin measurements was obtained. Linear mixed models for repeated measures were applied to assess glucose/insulin changes, adjusted for baseline values, baseline HOMA-IR, and percent excess weight loss. Results: Postprandial glucose and insulin curves in the LSG group shifted to reveal earlier rise and steeper decline to lower nadirs. Estimates of percent decrease from baseline in fasting and 2-hr glucose concentrations were greater in the LSG group versus LAGB at 6 and 12 months. Glucose area under the curve (AUC) decreased significantly but comparably in both groups. Fasting insulin and insulin AUC increased significantly from baseline within the LSG group only. Insulin sensitivity increased from baseline to 12 months in both groups. The oDI increased from baseline to 6 and 12 months in both groups, with greater increase at 6 months in LSG. Conclusion: Glucose homeostasis and β-cell function improve after LSG and LAGB due to both weight loss and surgical intervention. The reported OGTT results are consistent with the literature, suggesting altered glucose absorption and increased GLP-1 secretion after LSG. Consistent with our hypothesis, LSG may lead to greater early improvement in oDI, aiding in the identification of adolescents most likely to maximally benefit from different bariatric procedures. ER  - 
Plasma cortisol and aldosterone responses to insulin tolerance test and sodium depletion in women with non classic 21-hydroxylase deficiency; Background Non-classic form of congenital adrenal hyperplasia (NC-CAH) is due to mutations in CYP21A2 gene, encoding 21-hydroxylase, which can impair cortisol biosynthesis. Usually, the disease is diagnosed in pubertal/post-pubertal women because of androgen excess. However, the risk of acute adrenal insufficiency in adult patients with NC-CAH is not known, and indication of systematic glucocorticoid replacement therapy is still controversial. The aim of the present study was to evaluate in women with NC-CAH cortisol and aldosterone secretions in response to physiological challenges. Experimental design: Prospective controlled clinical study (ClinicalTrials.gov Id: NCT01862380) at a tertiary referral medical center and clinical investigation center. We investigated 20 women with NC-CAH with biallelic CYP21A2mutations (homozygotes or compound heterozygotes) and serum 17-hydroxyprogesterone >10ng/mL after stimulation with 250 ug-Synacthen comparatively to 20 age- and BMI-matched healthy women (17-hydroxyprogesterone after Synacthen <2ng/mL). Women were eligible if they did not receive glucocorticoid treatment > 1 year and estrogen-based oral contraception > 3 months preceding inclusion. Interventions Each participant underwent sequentially two tests separated by a 2 to 7-day washout period: insulin tolerance test (ITT) considered the gold standard to evaluate cortisol secretion and a sodium depletion test to stimulate endogenous renin and aldosterone secretion. Sodium depletion was obtained by oral administration of 40 mg furosemide under low sodium diet (< 20 mmol during 24 hours). Steroid levels were measured by LC-MSMS. Results Women with NC-CAH had lower pic plasma cortisol concentrations during ITT compared to healthy volunteers: 17.2 μg/dL (13.1-22.8) vs. 21.2 μg/dL (17.1-33.5), P=0.0002. A peak plasma cortisol concentration above a cutoff value of 17.0 μg/dL was obtained in all healthy women but only in 60% of women with NC-CAH. Patients with NC-CAH had higher baseline ACTH and renin concentrations. 24-hours after sodium depletion, plasma aldosterone concentrations were comparable between the two groups, but NC-CAH women had higher stimulated active renin concentrations compared to healthy women: 67 mUI/L (15-156) vs. 39 mUI/L (6-87), 0.003. Conclusions: 40% women with NC-CAH have subnormal glucocorticoid adrenal function. Their aldosterone production is maintained normal by increased renin-angiotensin system activity. In addition to treatment of androgen excess, the clinical management of women with NC-CAH should thus include assessment of their cortisol and aldosterone production. Although systematic chronic replacement therapy seems not required, transient glucocorticoid supplementation and rehydration during periods of stress should be considered in patients with documented partial adrenal deficiency. ER  - 
Clinical screening in dunnigan type 2 lipodystrophy kindred; Inherited lipodystrophies comprise some disorders characterized by loss of subcutaneous adipose tissue, extending from very small areas of the body to near total absence of adipose from the entire body. These rare genetic syndromes (1:1000000) also cluster various cardiovascular risk factors. The diagnosis, based on typical clinical indicators, demand meticulous medical approach to a patient and targeted genetic analysis, once several responsible genes have been identified. We report a kindred with eight cases of familial partial lipodystrophy type 2 (Dunnigan syndrome FPLD2 OMIM #151660), caused by mutations in LMNA gene (1q22). First case was a 22 years old woman presented with changed appearance due to abnormal subcutaneous fat tissue redistribution, macroglossia, acanthosis nigricans, umbilical hernia, and history of diabetes mellitus since the age of 10, with significant insulin resistance (insulin daily dosage up to 150 U and combined therapy with no effect). Ultrasonography showed hepatic steatosis, hepatomegaly, and splenomegaly. Twenty-four relatives (10 males, 14 females), from her family were assessed for phenotypic features, glycemic abnormalities, dyslipidemia and DXA analysis. Features of Dunnigan were evident among eight out of 14 women. Their age was 14 to 49 years old, two being adolescents. BMI was 19.3 to 23.8. Two overt diabetes diagnosed at 10 to 18 years old. Neuropathy and nephropathy diabetes in one. Hirsutism was observed in 4 and hypertension in 2 of them. All 8 women presented increased arm and leg muscle mass measured by DXA scan, increased calf muscle median diameter, high levels of triglycerides (250 to 1850 mg/dl) and low levels of leptin. Cardiac and neuromuscular disease were not manifest. The typical phenotype was not noticeably in all 10 male members. Commentary: Lamins, as nuclear structural proteins, participate in several DNA and nuclear membrane process so the mutation can be related with several abnormal metabolic phenotypes and ultimately result in premature cell death of adipocytes. All patients have normal body fat at birth; during late childhood and puberty, they lose subcutaneous fat in the extremities and truncal region. Simultaneously, deposition of fat occurs in face, chin, neck, axillary and pelvic regions abdomen and the labiamajora in women. Associated metabolic abnormalities include low leptin, insulin resistance, diabetes mellitus, dyslipidemia and liver steatosis. There is an increased prevalence of acanthosis nigricans, polycystic ovary syndrome and a muscular appearance in the extremities and truncal region. Patients with FPLD2 may be misdiagnosed with metabolic syndrome, type 2 DM or Cushing syndrome. It is important to recognize the syndrome due to its potentially severe consequences. We believe that present case report will improve the awareness among physicians and result in earlier diagnosis of that disorder. ER  - 
Characterization of the lung function in CF infants, based on the data from the Russian CF register 2014; Objectives: Evaluation of the lung function in CF infants and how it is influenced by the different clinical phenotypes, based on the data of the national CF patients register 2014. Methods: The register 2014 contained the data of 2131 CF patients in Russian Federation. The data have been analyzed of the 817 patients in the age 6-18 years that were able to do the lung function test. The influence was studied on the FVC and FEV1 of the lung microbiology, nutritional status (BMI), the presence of liver cirrhosis, allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis (ABPA), meconium ileus (MI), electrolyte disorders, pneumothorax. Results: It has been found that the lung function of the CF patients, both of infants and adults, was 73.2 ± 26.8% for FEV1 and 83.3 ± 24.6% for FVC and was higher at the infants (FEV1 82.5 ± 22.5%, FVC 89.3 ± 23.4%), then at the adults (FEV1 60.3 ± 26.8% and FVC 74.9 ± 23.9%). The lung function decreases in the pubertal period simultaneously with the change of the microbiology of the airways, when the gram-positive bacteria is replaced with the gram-negative one. The study has shown that the FEV1 and FVC were significantly lower in the groups of infants with CF-related diabetes (CFRD), pneumothorax, poor nutritional status, Achromobacter sp., and B. cepacia infection. The correlation has been established between BMI and FEV1 at infants and adults, more pronounced at the adult patients. The lung function does not depend on the following phenotypes of CF: liver cirrhosis, MI, electrolyte disorders, ABPA, nasal polyposis. Conclusion: The lung function of the CF infants is influenced by the age, CFRD, decrease of BMI, infections of the airways, the presence of the bronchopulmonary complications. ER  - 
Quantifying the mediating effect of body mass index on the association between hysterectomy status and incident diabetes in a mid-aged cohort of Australian women; Introduction: Hysterectomy is a common gynaecological procedure that has been linked with metabolic syndrome and markers of pre-diabetes and diabetes. Mechanisms underlying these associations may be related to changes in hormone levels that occur post-surgery; however other explanatory factors may also be at work. Women with a hysterectomy tend to be more obese and obesity is one of the strongest risk factors for diabetes. It is therefore plausible that the associations between hysterectomy and diabetes may be mediated through high body mass index (BMI). Objectives: To formally quantify the mediating effect of BMI on the association between hysterectomy and the incidence of diabetes. Women who had a hysterectomy before age 50 years were compared with women who did not have a hysterectomy. Methods: Data from the mid-aged cohort of the Australian Longitudinal Study on Women's Health were used in this analysis (N= 6829). Women with existing diabetes at baseline were excluded from the analysis. A causal inference framework for mediation analysis was used to estimate the total, natural direct, and natural indirect effects of hysterectomy status on incident diabetes over an 8-year period, and to estimate the proportion mediated through BMI, after adjusting for age, level of physical activity, age at menarche, highest education level, and gestational diabetes. Results: Preliminary results suggest that the total effect of having a hysterectomy before the age of 50 increases the odds of diabetes in later life (adjusted odds ratio 1.92 (95% CI: 1.39, 2.64) compared with women without hysterectomy), using BMI as a mediator. Approximately 23% of the relationship between hysterectomy status at baseline and incident diabetes was mediated through BMI. Conclusion: Findings highlight that health professionals should encouragewomenwith a hysterectomy, who have high BMI, to lose weight to reduce their risk of developing diabetes in midlife. ER  - 
Prevalence and Risk Factors of Osteoporosis among Jordanian Postmenopausal Women Attending the National Center for Diabetes, Endocrinology and Genetics in Jordan; To assess the prevalence of osteoporosis and osteopenia among Jordanian postmenopausal women attending the National Center for Diabetes, Endocrinology, and Genetics (NCDEG), and to determine the potential associated risk factors. A cross-sectional study was conducted at (NCDEG) in Amman, Jordan. A total of 1079 Jordanian postmenopausal women aged between 45 and 84 years were included in this study that was conducted during the period between April 2013 and December 2014. All patients underwent bone mineral density measurement through dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DEXA) scan. DEXA scan was interpreted in terms of T score as per World Health Organization guidelines. The overall prevalence of osteoporosis and osteopenia was 37.5% and 44.6%, respectively. The maximum prevalence of osteoporosis was observed at the lumbar spine (32.4%) followed by the left femoral neck (14.4%), while the maximum prevalence of osteopenia was observed at the left femoral neck (56.1%) followed by the lumbar spine (41.3%). Patients with longer menopausal duration, normal or overweight body mass index, high parity, physical inactivity, positive family history of osteoporosis, inadequate sun exposure, high daily caffeine intake, low daily calcium intake, and delay in the age of menarche were all positively associated with osteoporosis. On the other hand, women with type 2 diabetes mellitus had lower risk of osteoporosis. There is a high prevalence of osteoporosis and osteopenia among Jordanian postmenopausal women. Necessary steps are needed for more public education and a wider dissemination of information about osteoporosis and its prevention. ER  - 
Fetuin-A, adiposity-linked insulin resistance and responsiveness to an educational-based weight excess reduction program: a population-based survey in prepubertal schoolchildren; The secreted hepatokine fetuin-A emerges as an independent predictor of type 2 diabetes in adulthood. The overall aims of this study were: (1) to investigate the associations of fetuin-A with adiposity and insulin resistance, as well as its relationship with adipokines, in prepubertal children, and, (2) to evaluate whether, in prepubertal obesity, serum fetuin-A levels may either change or predict the responsiveness to an educational-based weight excess reduction program. We studied 200 prepubertal children (boys/girls: 89/111; Tanner stage 1; age: 5–13 years), included in a cohort of 44,231 adolescents who participated in an extensive Italian school-based survey. According to Cole’s criteria, 100 individuals were lean (boys/girls: 57/43) and 100 obese (boys/girls: 54/46). A subset of 53 obese individuals (boys/girls: 28/25; age: 6–12 years) were also evaluated after a weight excess reduction program. Serum fetuin-A, leptin, total and high molecular weight adiponectin levels, as well as homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance were assessed. When compared with lean, obese children exhibited higher (p < 0.0001) fetuin-A concentrations, without differences between sex. Fetuin-A was positively associated with adiposity, homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance, and leptin levels. In multivariate analysis, the associations between fetuin-A and leptin or homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance lost the significance after adjustment for BMIZ-score, which, in turn, represented an independent determinant of fetuin-A (R2adj 0.327; p < 0.0001). Notably, after weight excess reduction program, fetuin-A levels dropped (p < 0.0001 vs. basal). Interestingly, no significant differences of fetuin-A concentrations between responders and no responders were found. In prepubertal children, fetuin-A represents an early marker of adiposity, and its reduction after lifestyle intervention may partly contribute to the beneficial effects of weight excess reduction program. ER  - 
Risk Differences Between Prediabetes And Diabetes According To Breast Cancer Molecular Subtypes; Hyperglycemia and hyperinsulinemia may play a role in breast carcinogenesis and prediabetes and diabetes have been associated with increased breast cancer (BC) risk. However, whether BC molecular subtypes may modify these associations is less clear. We therefore investigated these associations in all cases and by BC molecular subtypes among women living in Southern Italy. Cases were 557 patients with non-metastatic incident BC and controls were 592 outpatients enrolled during the same period as cases and in the same hospital for skin-related non-malignant conditions. Adjusted multivariate logistic regression models were built to assess the risks of developing BC in the presence of prediabetes or diabetes. The analyses were repeated by strata of BC molecular subtypes: Luminal A, Luminal B, HER2+, and Triple Negative (TN). Prediabetes and diabetes were significantly associated with higher BC incidence after controlling for known risk factors (OR = 1.94, 95% CI 1.32–2.87 and OR = 2.46, 95% CI 1.38–4.37, respectively). Similar results were seen in Luminal A and B while in the TN subtype only prediabetes was associated with BC (OR = 2.43, 95% CI 1.11–5.32). Among HER2+ patients, only diabetes was significantly associated with BC risk (OR = 3.04, 95% CI 1.24–7.47). Furthermore, when postmenopausal HER2+ was split into hormone receptor positive versus negative, the association with diabetes remained significant only in the former (OR = 5.13, 95% CI 1.53–17.22). These results suggest that prediabetes and diabetes are strongly associated with BC incidence and that these metabolic conditions may be more relevant in the presence of breast cancer molecular subtypes with positive hormone receptors. J. Cell. Physiol. 232: 1144–1150, 2017. © 2016 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. ER  - 
An update on the assessment and management of metabolic syndrome, a growing medical emergency in paediatric populations; In the last decades the increasing rate of obesity in children and adolescents worldwide has led to the onset in paediatric age of metabolic syndrome, a disease commonly associated to adulthood. Central obesity, dyslipidaemia, hyperglycaemia, and hypertension are typical features of metabolic syndrome that seem to hesitate often in type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, and many other clinical conditions. Thus preventing and curing metabolic syndrome in paediatric patients is becoming an urgent need for public health. While diagnostic criteria and therapy of metabolic syndrome in adults are very well defined, there is no consensus on the definition of metabolic syndrome in children and adolescents as well as on healing approaches. The aim of this review is to describe the recent advances on the pathogenesis and clinical outcomes of paediatric metabolic syndrome. We then detail the therapeutic strategies (i.e. dietary regimens, physical exercise, nutraceuticals, and medications) employed to manage the disease. Finally, we analyse the safety profile of the drugs used in children and adolescents by performing a retrospective review of paediatric adverse reactions reported in the FDA's Adverse Event Reporting System database. ER  - 
Effect of Weight Loss on Puberty Onset in Overweight Children; Objective To assess the impact of weight changes on the onset of puberty in overweight children. Study design We evaluated the timing of puberty onset in 160 prepubertal overweight children (aged 11.2±1.0 years) depending on the changes of their weight status in a 1-year lifestyle intervention. We determined body mass index (BMI), pubertal stage, luteinizing hormone (LH), follicle-stimulating hormone, insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-1, insulin-like growth factor binding protein-3, insulin resistance index homeostatic model assessment, and serum gonadotropins at baseline and 1 year later. Results Puberty onset during the 1-year follow-up was significantly (P=.014) more frequent in girls without BMI-SDS reduction (75.0%) compared with girls with BMI-SDS reduction (45.7%). The start of puberty was significantly (P=.024) more frequent in boys with BMI-SDS reduction (76.9%) compared with boys without BMI-SDS reduction (53.6%). In logistic regression analyses adjusted for baseline age and BMI-SDS, BMI-SDS reduction was associated with a decreased likelihood for puberty onset in girls (OR 0.24; 95% CI 0.07-0.85) and an increased likelihood in boys (OR 3.77; 95% CI 1.34-10.52). Central onset of puberty was confirmed by an increase of LH concentration and LH/follicle-stimulating hormone ratio in both boys and girls. Homeostatic model assessment, IGF-1, and IGF-1/insulin-like growth factor binding protein-3 ratio as marker for free IGF-1 at baseline or their changes were not associated with the onset of puberty. Conclusions BMI-SDS reduction in overweight children was associated with earlier gonadotropin-dependent onset of puberty in boys and later onset of puberty in girls, suggesting earlier puberty in obese girls and later puberty in obese boys. We found no evidence that insulin resistance or IGF-1 have an impact on the start of puberty in obese children. Trial registration ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT00435734. ER  - 
New NR5A1 mutations and phenotypic variations of gonadal dysgenesis; Mutations in NR5A1 have been reported as a frequent cause of 46, XY disorders of sex development (DSD) associated to a broad phenotypic spectrum ranging from infertility, ambiguous genitalia, anorchia to gonadal dygenesis and female genitalia. Here we present the clinical follow up of four 46, XY DSD patients with three novel heterozygous mutations in the NR5A1 gene leading to a p.T40P missense mutation and a p.18DKVSG22del nonframeshift deletion in the DNA-binding domain and a familiar p.Y211Tfs∗83 frameshift mutation. Functional analysis of the missense and nonframeshift mutation revealed a deleterious character with loss of DNA-binding and transactivation capacity. Both, the mutations in the DNA-binding domain, as well as the familiar frameshift mutation are associated with highly variable endocrine values and phenotypic appearance. Phenotypes vary from males with spontaneous puberty, substantial testosterone production and possible fertility to females with and without Müllerian structures and primary amenorrhea. Exome sequencing of the sibling's family revealed TBX2 as a possible modifier of gonadal development in patients with NR5A1 mutations. ER  - 
Effects of metreleptin in pediatric patients with lipodystrophy; Context: Lipodystrophy syndromes are rare disorders of deficient adipose tissue. Metreleptin, a human analog of leptin, improved metabolic abnormalities in mixed cohorts of children and adults with lipodystrophy and low leptin. Objective: Determine effects of metreleptin on diabetes, hyperlipidemia, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), growth, and puberty in pediatric patients with lipodystrophy and low leptin. Design: Prospective, single-arm, open-label studies with continuous enrollment since 2000. Setting: National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, Maryland. Patients: Fifty-three patients aged 6 months to <18 years with lipodystrophy, leptin level ,8 ng/mL (male patients) or <12 ng/mL (female patients), and ≥1 metabolic abnormality (diabetes, insulin resistance, or hypertriglyceridemia). Intervention: Subcutaneous metreleptin injections (0.04 to 0.19 mg/kg/d). Main Outcome Measures: Change in A1c, lipid, and transaminase levels after a mean ±standard deviation (SD) of 12±0.2 months and 61±39 months. Changes in liver histology, growth, and pubertal development throughout treatment. Results: After 12 months, the A1c level (mean±SD) decreased from 8.3%±2.4% to 6.5%±1.8%, and median triglyceride level decreased from 374 mg/dL [geometric mean (25th,75th percentile), 190, 1065] to 189 mg/dL (112, 334; P <0.0001), despite decreased glucose- A nd lipid-lowering medications. The median [geometric mean (25th,75th percentile)] alanine aminotransferase level decreased from 73 U/L (45, 126) to 41 U/L (25, 59; P = 0.001), and that of aspartate aminotransferase decreased from 51 U/L (29, 90) to 26 U/L (18, 42; P = 0.0002). These improvements were maintained over long-term treatment. In 17 patientswho underwent paired biopsies, the NAFLD activity score (mean 6 SD) decreased from 4.5 6 2.0 to 3.4±2.0 after 3.3±3.2 years of metreleptin therapy (P = 0.03). There were no clinically significant changes in growth or puberty. Conclusion: Metreleptin lowered A1c and triglyceride levels, and improved biomarkers of NAFLD in pediatric patients with lipodystrophy. These improvements are likely to reduce the lifetime burden of disease. (J Clin Endocrinol Metab 102: 1511-1519, 2017). ER  - 
Long-Acting C-Terminal Peptide-Modified hGH (MOD-4023): Results of a safety and dose-finding study in Ghd children; Context: Daily injections are required for growth hormone (GH) replacement therapy, which may cause low compliance as a result of inconvenience and distress in patients. Objective: C-terminal peptide-modified human GH (MOD-4023) is developed for once-a-week dosing regimen in GH-deficient (GHD) adults and children. The present trial was a safety and dose-finding study for weekly MOD-4023 in GHD children. Design: A multicenter, open-label, randomized, controlled phase 2 study in children with GHD, evaluating the safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics/pharmacodynamics, and efficacy of three different weekly MOD-4023 doses, compared with daily recombinant human GH (r-hGH). Setting: The trial was conducted in 14 endocrinology centers in Europe. Patients: Fifty-three prepubertal children with GHD completed 12 months of treatment with either MOD-4023 (N = 42) or r-hGH (N = 11). Interventions: C-terminal peptide-modified hGH (MOD-4023) was administered weekly at a dose of either 0.25, 0.48, or 0.66 mg/kg/wk and compared with daily hGH at a dose of 0.24 mg/kg/wk. Results: MOD-4023 showed an estimated half-life approximately fivefold to 10-fold longer when compared with daily r-hGH. Insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-I and IGF-binding peptide 3 showed a dose-dependent increase during MOD-4023 treatment. IGF-I standard deviation score for MOD-4023 did not exceed +2. All MOD-4023 cohorts demonstrated adequate catch-up growth. The 0.66 mg/kg/wk dose demonstrated efficacy closest to daily r-hGH. No serious adverse events were observed during MOD-4023 treatment, and its tolerability was consistent with known properties of r-hGH. Conclusions: This study confirms the long-acting properties of MOD-4023 and shows a promising safety and tolerability profile. This provides support for initiation of a phase 3 study in GHD children using a single weekly injection of MOD-4023. (J Clin Endocrinol Metab 102: 1578-1587, 2017). ER  - 
Insulin resistance in youth without diabetes is not related to muscle mitochondrial dysfunction; Context: Obesity, insulin resistance (IR), and diabetes are increasing in youth, especially in girls. IR is associated with muscle mitochondrial dysfunction in youth and adults with diabetes. However, it is unknown whether this relationship is present in youth prior to development of diabetes. Objective: Assess IR and mitochondrial function, including sex differences, in nondiabetic youth. Design: Cross-sectional study of youth in the Exploring Perinatal Outcomes among Children, Resistance to InSulin in Type 1 And Type 2 diabetes, and Androgens and Insulin Resistance Study cohorts. Setting: Academic medical university. Participants: Two hundred seventy-five youth, 13 to 19 years old [43% males: 17.1 (16.52, 17.63) years, body mass index z-score (BMI-Z) 0.36, 64.7% Tanner 5; 57% females: 17.2 (16.43, 17.67) years, BMI-Z 0.72, 78.9% Tanner 5]. Interventions: Fasting laboratories, oral glucose tolerance test, and 31P magnetic resonance spectroscopy. Main Outcome Measures: IR [triglyceride:high-density lipoprotein (HDL) ratio, Matsuda index, and homeostasis model for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR)] and muscle mitochondrial function (adenosine 50-diphosphate time constant and oxidative phosphorylation rate). Results: Compared with males, females were more insulin resistant, with higher triglyceride:HDL ratio [1.95 (1.30, 2.79) vs 1.69 (1.21, 2.23), P = 0.042], HOMA-IR [3.18 (2.42, 4.39) vs 2.76 (2.02, 4.08), P = 0.035], and fasting free fatty acids (FFAs) and lower Matsuda score [3.98 (2.71, 5.96) vs 5.39 (3.43, 7.57), P < 0.001]. After adjustment for the higher BMI and Tanner stage and lower physical activity levels seen in females, there were no sex differences in mitochondrial function nor in any IR measure except FFAs. We did not find an association between measures of IR and mitochondrial function. Conclusions: The greater IR seen in adolescent girls vs boys is mostly explained by differences in BMI and physical activity. Mitochondrial function does not appear to be related to IR in a large cohort of nondiabetic youth. ER  - 
Growth hormone treatment in children with prader-willi syndrome: Three years of longitudinal data in prepubertal children and adult height data from the KIGS database; Context: Longitudinal data of children with Prader-Willi syndrome (PWS) treated with genotropin were registered in the Pfizer International Growth Database (KIGS). Objective: To evaluate efficacy and safety of growth hormone (GH) treatment in a large group of children with PWS. Design: Data registered in KIGS from 1987 to 2012. Setting: Worldwide retrospective cohort study. Patients: Patients included 522 prepubertal children treated with GH for three years and 173 children who had reached adult height. Safety analysis included 2332 children. Intervention involved GH treatment. Main outcome measure: Height standard deviation score (SDS), body mass index (BMI) SDS, occurrence of serious adverse events, and deaths reported in KIGS. Results: In prepubertal children, mean (standard deviation) height SDS improved to 20.31 (1.34) (P < 0.05) during three years of GH treatment. In the adolescent group, height SDS improved until the start of puberty to 20.22 (1.31) (P < 0.05) but had a loss of 20.77 (0.81) during puberty, resulting in amean adult height SDS of 21.19 (1.37). Total height gain was 0.95 (1.32) SDS. BMI SDS increased in the prepubertal group from 1.11 (2.09) to 1.53 (1.43) (P < 0.05) and did not significantly change in the adolescent group,who had a BMI SDS at an adult height of 1.78 (1.26). KIGS contained 12 death reports. Conclusions: GH treatment in children with PWS significantly improves linear growth. BMI remains on average below +2 SDS, in contrast to the natural course of increasing obesity in PWS. Safety should be closely monitored in children with PWS, with and without GH treatment. ER  - 
Hyperandrogenism in adolescent girls: Relationship with the somatotrophic axis; During puberty there is a physiologic increase in adrenal and ovarian androgens. It has been suggested that the somatotrophic axis may be related to the development of hyperandrogenism and anovulation in non-obese adult women with polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS). The objective of the study was to investigate whether ovarian androgen secretion in young postmenarchal girls is related to the function of their somatotropic axis. This was a cross-sectional study of adolescent girls. We studied non-obese adolescent girls with hyperandrogenism (HA; n = 21) matched with control girls (C; n = 25) for chronological age, age at menarche and body mass index. We obtained a fasting blood sample for measurement of serum glucose, insulin, 17-hydroxyprogesterone (17OH-Prog), dehydroepiandrosterone-sulfate (DHEA-S), androstenedione, sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG), total testosterone, IGF-I, IGF-II, IGFBP-1, IGFBP-3, ghrelin, leptin, AMH (antiMüllerian hormone), luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) during the follicular phase of the menstrual period. We performed an oral glucose tolerance test to determine blood glucose, insulin and ghrelin levels and urine samples to measure urinary GH (growth hormone) levels. As expected, the hyperandrogenic girls had significantly higher Ferriman scores, basal total testosterone, free androgen index (FAI), androstenedione, AMH, and basal LH levels compared with the girls in controls. Serum IGF-I, IGF-II, IGFBP-3 and urinary GH did not differ between HA and C. There was a correlation between urinary GH and FAI in all girls (r 0.29, p < 0.05). In addition, in HA girls FAI correlated with insulin, homeostasis model assessment (HOMA) and ghrelin. We observed a correlation between urinary GH and FAI in the hyperandrogenic and control girls, suggesting that the function of the somatotrophic axis may influence the secretion of androgens in adolescent girls. ER  - 
Leveragin genetic associations to evaluate clinical risk factors for osteoporotic fractures; Objectives: To identify common genetic variants associated with any type of fracture and to assess the effect of key clinical risk factors on fracture risk. Methods: We conducted the largest genome-wide association study (GWAS) meta-analysis to date evaluating the influence of genetic variation on fracture risk, in 37,857 cases and 227,116 controls and conducted replication in up to 147,200 fracture cases and 150,085 controls. We leveraged the GWAS results to assess the role of 15 clinical risk factors on osteoporotic fracture risk using Mendelian randomization (MR). Results: We identified nine fracture loci. All loci were also associated with BMD and mapped to genes clustering in pathways known to be critical to bone biology (e.g. SOST, WNT16 and ESR1) and others identifying novel pathways (FAM210A, ETS2). We demonstrated that ETS2 is expressed in bone tissue and is involved in osteoblast differentiation. Among all 15 evaluated clinical risk factors, only bone mineral density (BMD) showed strong genetic correlation with risk of fracture (rg = -0.59, P=1×10-24 for femoral neck BMD). Similarly, our MR analyses indicated that a standard deviation decrease in genetically-determined femoral neck BMD was associated with 55% increase in fracture risk (OR=1.55 [95% CI 1.48-1.63]; P=1×10-68). Earlier menopause was associated with 9% increased fracture risk per standard deviation (OR=1.09 [1.03-1.14]; P=2×10-3). The remaining clinical risk factors (type 2 diabetes, rheumatoid arthritis, age at menarche, vitamin D levels) evaluated through MR analyses showed no evidence for an effect on fracture. Summary and Conclusion: In the first large GWAS for fracture we identified genetic determinants of fracture that were associated with BMD. BMD was the only clinical risk factor, among those assessed, that had a major effect on fracture. These findings emphasize the importance of BMD as a central, yet insufficient cause of fracture. ER  - 
A randomized, open-label phase 2 study of KRN23, an investigational fully human anti-FGF23 monoclonal antibody, in children with X-linked hypophosphatemia (XLH): 64-week results; Objectives: To evaluate the safety and efficacy of KRN23 in 52 children with XLH (ages 5.12 years, ≤Tanner 2). Methods: Patients were randomized to receive KRN23 biweekly (Q2W) or monthly (Q4W) by SC injection. KRN23 dose was titrated (maximum 2 mg/kg) to achieve age-appropriate serum phosphate (Pi) concentrations which were measured Q2W. Efficacy endpoints included change in rickets severity (Thacher Rickets Severity Score [RSS] and Radiographic Global Impression of Change [RGI-C; -3=severe worsening; 0=no change; +3=complete healing], pharmacodynamic parameters, growth, walking ability (6MWT), and patient-reported pain and functional disability (PODCI). The primary analysis was at Week (Wk) 40; extended analysis was at Wk64 for the first 36 patients. Results: Rickets was evident at baseline (mean RSS 1.8) despite ∼7 years of prior oral phosphate/active vitamin D therapy. Serum Pi increased in all patients to near normal levels (mean increase from baseline to Wk38 value of 0.33 mmol/L; p<0.001) and was more stable in Q2W group. No hyperphosphataemia occurred. Mean RSS improved by 61% for the Q2W group, 37% for Q4W, and 50% overall (p<0.001 all groups). At Wk40 mean RGI-C scores of +1.72 for Q2W, +1.41 for Q4W, and +1.56 overall (p<0.0001 all groups) indicated improvement. Patients with impaired walking and physical function at baseline had improvements in the 6MWT and PODCI at Wk40 which were sustained through Wk64. Q2W patients with walking impairment at baseline achieved a mean increase of 84 meters (p<0.001) at Wk40 (n=14). Most treatment-related adverse events (AEs) were mild. Transient injection site reactions (33%) were most frequent. One child experienced a serious AE, was hospitalized for fever/muscle pain that resolved, and continues in the trial. No clinically meaningful changes occurred in serum or urine calcium, serum iPTH, or renal ultrasounds. Summary and Conclusion: KRN23 improved serum Pi, rickets, and walking/functional ability in children with XLH, and was generally well tolerated. ER  - 
Sleep duration and cardiometabolic risk among Chinese school-aged children: Do adipokines play a mediating role?; Study Objectives: To assess the associations between sleep duration and cardiometabolic risk factors in Chinese school-aged children and to explore the possible mediating role of adipokines. Methods: Sleep duration was collected in 3166 children from the Beijing Child and Adolescent Metabolic Syndrome study. Glucose homeostasis and other cardiometabolic risk factors were assessed. Serum adipokines including leptin, total and high-molecular-weight (HMW) adiponectin, resistin, fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21), and retinol binding protein 4 (RBP4) were determined. Results: Among the 6-to 12-year-old children, after adjusting for covariates including puberty, short sleep duration was associated with increased body mass index (BMI), waist circumference, fasting glucose, insulin and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (all p < .0001), higher triglyceride and lower high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (p < .05), along with increased leptin (p < .0001), FGF21 (p < .05) and decreased HMW-adiponectin (p ≤ .01); the association with leptin remained significant after further adjustment for BMI. However, these associations, except for glucose (p < .0001), disappeared after further adjusted for leptin. For the 13.18 years old group, short sleep duration was associated with higher BMI, waist circumference, and RBP4 (all p < .05), but the association with RBP4 was attenuated after adjusting for BMI (p = .067). Conclusions: Short sleep duration is strongly associated with obesity and hyperglycemia (in 6.12 years old), along with adverse adipokine secretion patterns among Chinese children. The associations with cardiometabolic risk factors appear to be more pronounced in younger children, and could be explained, at least partially, by leptin levels. ER  - 
Etiological factors of short stature in children and adolescents: experience at a tertiary care hospital in Egypt; Background: Accurate anthropometric measurements and critical analysis of growth data allow the clinician to promptly recognize children with short stature. The aim of this study was to determine the frequency of etiological factors causing short stature among children referred to the pediatric endocrinology clinic of Assiut University Children’s Hospital, the main tertiary care center in Upper Egypt. Methods: We conducted this descriptive observational study from May 2012 to December 2015, to analyze 637 children (boys 354, girls 283) with short stature. Evaluation included: detailed medical history, physical examination, laboratory tests, bone age and chromosomal analysis. Results: Endocrinological causes accounted for 26% of short stature [of them, 11.8% had growth hormone deficiency (GHD)], 63.6% had normal variants of growth [of them, 42% had familial short stature (FSS), 15.8% had constitutional growth delay (CGD) and 5.5% a combination of both]. Interestingly, celiac disease (CD) constituted 6.6% of children with short stature in our cohort. Conclusions: Although potentially treatable causes such as GHD, hypothyroidism and CD accounted for a considerable percentage of short stature in our study, the majority of short stature in children had normal variations of growth. Growth hormone treatment in children, however, should be promptly initiated with specific clinical indications. CD is a not uncommon cause of short stature. ER  - 
Prediction of metabolic health in 19-year old Swedish students; Introduction: To assess the overall metabolic state, or health, in young adults a continuous metabolic score is a useful option. The aim of the study was to fnd variables predicting the metabolic score in 19 year old subjects using data of each subject's growth pattern from birth to puberty, heredity, parental features and a lifestyle index in adult age. Methods: The study population was recruited from a population of 18-19 year-old students participating since birth in a longitudinal growth study. 1685 subjects living in Göteborg, Sweden with complete information on weight, length at birth and growth data at ten years of age were eligible and contacted by a survey team. Tose accepting to participate had the following variables measured: body weight, height, waist circumference, blood pressure, blood glucose, Hdl- and Ldl- cholesterol, triglycerides and questionnaire-derived information on heredity, parental features and life-style. The metabolic score was calculated by adding the z-scores for waist circumference, blood pressure, glucose and (triglycerides + Hdl-choles-terol)/2. The analysis of the association between the score and possible predictors was done separately by sex. First univariate associations were analyzed, then the most signifcant predictors were included in a stepwise forward multiple linear regression model. Results: A total of 517 (female 256) 18-19 year-old subjects were included in the study. The socioeconomic position was higher and body mass index (Bmi) at ten years of age was lower in the study group compared to remaining subjects in the growth study. The median (min;max) metabolic score was -0.060 (-7.3;12.7) for men and -0.232 (-11.1; 12.3) for women and median body mass index was 21.7 (men) and 21.0 kg/m2. The incidence of cardiovascular disease was 22% for fathers and 13% for mothers. Some 15 predictors of a total of 75 tentative predictors had signifcant (p < 0.01) associations to the metabolic score in univariate analysis. The models in the multivariable logistic regression analysis had a low explanatory power (R-square 0.11 for men, 0.13 for women). The Bmi standard deviation score at 10 years of age was found to be a signifcant predictor in both sexes. Other signifcant predictors were birth weight and use of contraceptives at 18 years of age in females and age at adiposity rebound and maternal Bmi in males. Conclusion: The Bmi standard deviation score at 10 years of age appears to predict metabolic state in both sexes in young adult age, which is of interest for preventive interventions. ER  - 
Altered glucose metabolism in childhood obesity: Treating a diverse phenotype; Prediabetes and type 2 diabetes usually manifest during mid-puberty together with a peak of transient insulin resistance. In healthy adolescents, transient insulin resistance is balanced by an increase in insulin secretion. In obese adolescents pancreatic beta cells are not always able to cope with the rising insulin resistance, this would result in a progressive failure of the beta cell to balance the insulin resistance. Notably, beta-cell failure in youth occurs faster than in adults; whereas in adults the transition towards type 2 diabetes takes about 10 years with roughly 7% yearly reductions in beta-cell function in obese adolescents beta cells deteriorate at a rate of roughly 15% per year, with a mean transition time from prediabetes to overt diabetes of about 2,5 years. Recent studies in obese children and adolescents have also elucidated that the onset and the progression of the disease is influenced not only by the progressive impairment of beta cells, but also by the presence of non alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). In fact, several studies clearly indicate that there is a deleterious effect of intra-hepatic fat accumulation on insulin sensitivity at a multi-organ level. In general, obese children and adolescents with NAFLD tend to be more insulin resistant than age and sex matched pairs and tend to show an adverse metabolic pattern charac-terized by dyslipidemia and adverse changes in glucose metabolism. Overall, recent clinical studies clearly indicate that impaired glucose me-tabolism in pediatrics is a more severe and complex disease than in adults and therefore needs a more thorough investigation in order to tailor novel therapies more appropriate to the severity of the disease at this young age. ER  - 
The effect of impaired glucose metabolism in children and adolescents during weight reduction treatment; Introduction: Whether specifc metabolic variables, including insulin resistance, hyperinsulinemia, and impaired glucose tolerance (Igt) - also described as prediabetes, have an impact on weight changes is controver-sial, due to conficting results in both adults and children. This study aims to investigate whether children and adolescents exhibiting an impaired glucose metabolism are more obese at treatment entry and less likely to reduce their degree of obesity during childhood obesity treatment. Methods: The present study is an observational study, including children and adolescents from the Children's Obesity Clinic, Holbæk, Denmark. Anthropometrics, pubertal development, socioeconomic status (Ses), and fasting concentrations of plasma glucose, serum insulin, serum C-pep-tide, and whole blood glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) were collected at treatment entry and at follow-up. Proxies of insulin sensitivity (Ho-ma2-Is) and β-cell function (Homa2-B) were calculated with the Homeo-stasis Model Assessment 2 program. Results: 569 (333 boys) patients, median 11.5 years of age (range 6-22) and median body mass index (Bmi) z-score 2.94 (range 1.34-5.54) were included. The mean Bmi z-score reduction was 0.31(±0.46) afer 13 months (range 6-18) of treatment. At treatment entry, patients with impaired estimates of glucose metabolism were more obese than normogly-cemic patients. A low concentration of C-peptide in girls at baseline was associated with a poorer weight loss during treatment (p = 0.02). Changes in insulin concentrations were positively associated with changes in Bmi z-score in both sexes (p < 0.0001; p = 0.0005). During treatment, values of glucose, HbA1c, Homa2-Is, and Homa2-B did not change or impact the treatment outcome, regardless of age, sex, Ses, or degree of obesity at treatment entry. Conclusion: The capability to reduce weight during multidisciplinary chronic care treatment in children and adolescents with overweight/obesity is not influenced by an impaired glucose metabolism. ER  - 
Associations between physical activity, sedentary behavior, and indicators of metabolic strain in children and adolescents with obesity; Introduction: An increased sedentary lifestyle is associated with the degree of obesity in children and adolescents 1-5. A combination of obesity and a physically inactive lifestyle increases the risk of co-morbidities1-5. The aim of this study was to examine the associations between physical activity/inactivity and selected biomarkers. Methods: This cross-sectional study was based on baseline-data from The Danish Childhood Obesity Biobank. The study included 93 children with overweight or obesity (bmi>90 percentile) between 5-17 years enrolled in childhood obesity treatment. Physical activity and sedentary behavior (sb) were measured objectively with an ActiGraphGT3X+ accelerometer (≥ 4 days wear time incl. one day in the weekend and ≥ 10 hours daily). Furthermore, blood pressure, fasting plasma total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein, high-density lipoprotein (hdl), triglycerides, glucose and homa-ir, and percentage of body fat measured by dual-energy X-ray, as well as degree of obesity were measured. Linear regression analyses were applied to determine the associations between the sedentary behavior (sb) and moderate to vigorous physical activity (mvpa) and the above indicators of metabolic strain. All analyses were adjusted for age, sex, and puberty status as potential confounders. Results: On average in the study population, sb was 523,1 min/ day (8.72 hours) and the mvpa was 62.8 min/day (1.1 hours). The study identifed a positive correlation between mvpa and hdl (β:0.003, 95CI[0.001;0.005], p = 0.0046). In addition, the study identifed negative associations between mvpa and the percentage of body fat (β:-0.032, 95CI[-0.062;- 0.001], p = 0.044). No associations were found between sb and mvpa and blood pressure, glucose, homa ir, total cholesterol, low-density lipopro-tein, or triglycerides. Conclusion: In a group of Danish children and adolescents with over-weight and obesity the level of physical activity (sb and mvpa) was associated with fasting plasma hdl concentrations, and the percentage of body fat. ER  - 
Association of dairy intake with the clustering of infammatory biomarkers in portuguese adolescents: LabMed physical activity study; Introduction: Low-grade systematic infammation has been associated with the development and progression of a number of chronic noncom-municable diseases. Dairy intake has been associated with a lower risk of developing low-grade infammation state. However, the association of dairy intake with infammation among adolescents remains unclear. Tus, the aim of this study was to determine the association between dairy intake and biomarkers of infammation among Portuguese adolescents. Methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted with 507 Portuguese adolescents aged 12 to 18 years old. A continuous cluster of infammato-ry biomarkers was constructed by summing up the sex- and age-adjusted z-scores of C-reactive protein, leptin, adiponectin, interleukin-6 and white blood cell. Diet was evaluated using a food frequency questionnaire, and dairy (milk, yogurt and cheese) consumption was categorized using sex-specifc tertiles of each food group amount (g/day). Data were analyzed separately for girls and boys, and a separate multiple linear regression analysis was used to estimate the association between dairy intake and the clustered infammatory biomarkers score. Total energy intake, dietary adequacy, socioeconomic status, misreporting of energy intake, weight status, cardiorespiratory ftness, pubertal stage, and insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) were used as the main confounders. Results: Boys in tertile 3 of milk intake had a lower infammatory bio-markers score than those in lower tertiles (Tertile1: 0.37 ± 2.5; Tertile 2: 0.21 ± 2.84; Tertile 3: -0.61 ± 2.31, p = 0.038). Afer adjustment, higher intake of milk in boys was inversely related to the cluster of infammatory biomarkers (B= -0.988; CI 95%: -1.830, -0.147, p = 0.021). No signifcant associations were seen in girls or with yogurt or cheese. Conclusion: We found that a higher intake of milk was inversely associated with the clustering of infammatory biomarkers in boys. Prospective and randomized clinical investigations are needed to examine the role of dairy intake in infammatory condition. ER  - 
Hydrocortisone therapy and growth trajectory in children with classical congenital adrenal hyperplasia; Objective: Poor linear growth is one of the main concerns in children with congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH). We aimed to analyze factors affecting growth trajectory in children with classical CAH. Methods: Clinical records of children followed from infancy up to the end of growth at two Italian tertiary referral hospitals were reviewed. Fifty-seven patients (31 males), treated with hydrocortisone and fludrocortisone only, were included. Clinical observations were divided into three groups: 0 to 2 years, 172 observations; from 2 years to puberty onset, 813 observations; after puberty onset, 527 observations. Height velocity, pubertal growth spurt, and final height were evaluated as outcomes. Results: Final height standard deviation score (SDS) was lower than target height SDS (-0.74 ± 1.1 versus -0.31 ± 1.01; P<.001). Target-adjusted final height SDS was -0.44 ± 1.8 in males and -0.13 ± 1.1 in females (P =.001). Total pubertal growth was 21.9 ± 7.3 cm in males and 19.2 ± 8.2 cm in females (P =.19). Hydrocortisone dose increased and height-velocity SDS decreased during puberty. At multivariable analysis, height-velocity SDS was adversely affected by hydrocortisone dose (P =.038) and directly related to adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH) levels (P =.023). Target-adjusted final-height SDS was adversely affected by hydrocortisone dose (P<.001) and positively related to mineralocorticoid therapy (P =.001) and ACTH levels (P =.02). Total pubertal growth (cm) was positively related to ACTH levels (P =.01). Conclusion: Height outcome of CAH patients is now better than previously reported. During puberty, the lowest effective dose of hydrocortisone should be used to optimize pubertal growth spurt and final height. ER  - 
Study of arterial stiffness and ambulatory blood pressure monitoring in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes with an oscillometric device.; Type 1 diabetes is a risk factor for the development of early atherosclerosis lesions. Knowledge of abnormalities in the ambulatory blood pressure monitoring and arterial stiffness would be an useful tool in order to stratify cardiovascular risk. Study goals: Identify abnormalities of ambulatory blood pressure monitoring (ABPM) and measures arterial stiffness in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes. Methods: Cross-sectional study in diabetics aged 6 years or older with a minimum disease progression time of one year and healthy controls paired by age and sex. Medical records were reviewed to obtained biographical data and characterization of diabetes. Data collected: height, weight, body mass index, waist circunference and pubertal stage; rest and 24 h measures of peripheral blood pressure and central pulse wave analysis measured by oscillometric Mobil-OGraph 24 h PWA Monitor which includes the ARCSolver application; lipid profile, glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c), creatinine clearance and albumin/ creatinine (μg/mg) in first morning void urine specimens. Statistical analysis (SPSS v.21): t-Student, U de Mann-Whitney, ANOVA. Results: We found ignificant differences in arterial stiffness between diabetics and controls 7 patients with hypertension by ABPM (5 mask hypertension). We noticed a higher prevalence of nocturnal hypertension. Fourteen patients which had isolated elevated blood pressure loads presented higher parameters of arterial stiffness than patients with normal blood pressure mean and load. Fifty percent of diabetics are no dipper. Conclusions: ABPM identifies abnormalities not detected by clinical blood pressure. BP load would be included in the interpretation of ABPM studies. Non-invasive analysis of central pulse wave could provide a suitable tool for the assessment of cardiovascular risk in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes. (Table Presented) Data are mean (standard deviation). PWV: pulse wave velocity (m/seg), cSBP: central systolic blood pressure (mmHg), cDBP: diastolic blood pressure (mmHg). ER  - 
Serum Adiponectin Levels and Cardiorespiratory Fitness in Nonoverweight and Overweight Portuguese Adolescents: The LabMed Physical Activity Study; PURPOSE: This study examined the independent associations between cardiorespiratory fitness and circulating adiponectin concentration in adolescents, controlling for several potential covariates. METHODS: This is a cross-sectional study in Portuguese adolescents. A sample of 529 (267 girls) aged 12-18 years were included and categorized as overweight and nonoverweight. Cardiorespiratory fitness was assessed by 20 meters shuttle run test. We measured serum adiponectin, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, fasting glucose, insulin and HDL-cholesterol. RESULTS: After adjustment for age, sex, pubertal stage, adherence to the Mediterranean diet, socioeconomic status, body fat percentage, insulin resistance, HDL-cholesterol and C-reactive protein, regression analysis showed a significant inverse association between adiponectin and cardiorespiratory fitness in nonoverweight participants (B=-0.359; p < .042). Analysis of covariance showed a significant difference between the highest cardiorespiratory fitness Healthy zone (above healthy zone) and the Under and the Healthy cardiorespiratory fitness zones in nonoverweight adolescents (p = .03) (F (2, 339) = 3.156, p < .001). CONCLUSION: Paradoxically, serum adiponectin levels are inversely associated with cardiorespiratory fitness in nonoverweight, but not in overweight adolescents. In nonoverweight adolescents, those with highest levels of cardiorespiratory fitness (above healthy zone) presented lower levels of adiponectin compared with those in Under and Healthy cardiorespiratory fitness zones. ER  - 
Long-term effects of vitamin D supplementation in vitamin D deficient obese children participating in an integrated weight-loss programme (a double-blind placebo-controlled study) - rationale for the study design; Background: Obesity is associated not only with an array of metabolic disorders (e.g. insulin resistance, hiperinsulinemia, impaired tolerance of glucose, lipid disorders) but also skeletal and joint abnormalities. Recently, a pleiotropic role of vitamin D has been emphasized. Obese children frequently present with vitamin D deficiency, and greater fat mass is associated with lower serum concentration of this vitamin. Although some evidence suggests that weight loss may affect vitamin D status, this issue has not been studied extensively thus far. The aim of a double-blind placebo-controlled study is to assess long-term health effects of vitamin D supplementation in vitamin D deficient obese children participating in an integrated weight-loss programme. Methods: A randomized double-blind, placebo-controlled trial analysing the effects of vitamin D3 supplementation in overweight or obese vitamin D deficient (<30 ng/ml) children participating in an integrated weight-loss programme. Children are randomized to receive either vitamin D (1200 IU) or placebo for 26 weeks. Primary endpoints include changes in BMI (body mass index), body composition and bone mineral density at the end of the study period, and secondary endpoints - the changes in laboratory parameter reflecting liver and kidney function (transaminases, creatinine) and glucose homeostasis (glucose and insulin levels during oral glucose tolerance test). Discussion: The effects of vitamin D supplementation in obese individuals, especially children, subjected to a weight-loss program are still poorly understood. Considering physiological processes associated with puberty and adolescent growth, we speculate that supplementation may enhance weight reduction and prevent bone loss in obese children deficient in this vitamin. Trial registration:NCT 02828228 ; Trial registration date: 8 Jun 2016; Registered in: ClinicalTrials.gov. The trial was registered retrospectively. ER  - 
SERUM INSULIN-LIKE GROWTH FACTOR 1 IN LEBANESE SCHOOLCHILDREN AND ITS RELATION TO VITAMIN D AND FERRITIN LEVELS; ABBREVIATIONS: BMI = body mass index CRP = C-reactive protein CV = coefficient of variation GH = growth hormone IGF-1 = insulin-like growth factor 1 25(OH)D = 25 hydroxyvitamin D SES = socio-economic status TSH = thyroid-stimulating hormone. RESULTS: The mean age was 13.46 ± 2.80 with no significant difference according to sex. IGF-1 was correlated with age in both sexes (P<.0001); it was higher in girls compared to boys (P = .007) and peaked at the ages of 14 and 12 for boys and girls, respectively. For each age group, the median IGF-1 value was higher compared to the values provided by the kit. IGF-1 was significantly correlated with BMI in boys (r = 0.16, P<.0001) but not girls. In both sexes, IGF-1 was inversely correlated with 25(OH)D and ferritin values. After adjustment for age, BMI, and height, the correlation between IGF-1 and 25(OH)D disappeared, whereas the relationship with ferritin persisted (P<.001 for boys, P = .002 for girls). For both sexes, multivariate regression analysis revealed independent associations between IGF-1 and height, Tanner stage, and ferritin. An association was also noted in boys for BMI and testosterone. CONCLUSION: Our results showed higher and earlier peak IGF-1 values in the pediatric Lebanese population compared to western populations. In addition, an independent inverse relationship was observed between IGF-1 and ferritin. Further studies are needed to identify the reason(s) underlying these results. METHODS: This cross-sectional study included 952 Lebanese schoolchildren (495 boys and 457 girls) aged 8 to 18 years. Blood samples were taken from children attending 10 schools with different socio-economic status (SES). Chemiluminescent immunoassays were used for IGF-1, 25 hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D), testosterone, and ferritin measurements. OBJECTIVE: The aims of our study were to establish reference values for insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) in Lebanese schoolchildren and to evaluate the relationship between IGF-1 and age, sex, body mass index (BMI), vitamin D, and ferritin. ER  - 
α-Defensins and bacterial/permeability-increasing protein as new markers of childhood obesity; Objectives: The aim of this paper is to test whether α-defensins and bacterial/permeability-increasing protein were related to obesity and cardiovascular risk factors in prepubertal children. Methods: Plasma α-defensins and bacterial/permeability-increasing protein, body mass index (BMI), waist circumference, systolic blood pressure (SBP), carotid intima media thickness (cIMT), HOMA-IR and HMW-adiponectin were assessed. Results: In a cross-sectional study (N = 250), higher α-defensins concentrations were positively associated with BMI, waist, SBP, cIMT, HOMA-IR and negative correlated with HMW-adiponectin (all between r = 0.191 and r = 0.377, p ≤ 0.01 and p ≤ 0.0001). Conversely, plasma bacterial/permeability-increasing protein concentrations presented inversed associated with the same parameters (all between r = −0.124 and r = −0.329; p ≤ 0.05 and p ≤ 0.0001). In a longitudinal study (N = 91), α-defensins at age 7 were associated with BMI (β = 0.189, p = 0.002; model R2 = 0.847) and waist (β = 0.241, pthinsp;= 0.001; model R2 = 0.754) at age 10. Conclusions: α-Defensins and bacterial/permeability-increasing protein may be the markers of childhood obesity. Increased concentrations of α-defensins may predict BMI and abdominal fat deposition in children. ER  - 
Effects of two diet techniques and delivery mode on weight loss, metabolic profile and food intake of obese adolescents: A fixed diet plan and a calorie-counting diet; The aim of this study is to compare the weight loss of obese adolescents on two different low-calorie diets: fixed diet plan and calorie-counting diet. This is a randomized clinical study with 66 obese adolescents (body mass index Z score (ZBMI)>+3, 13.7±0.7 years, 60.6% male) with anthropometric, food intake, physical activity, laboratory, body composition and stage of pubertal development data evaluated. There was a reduction in the ZBMI in both groups (P<0.0001), without significant difference between them (P=0.87). There was a significant reduction in insulin, and homeostasis model assessment insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), with no difference between groups. A reduction in total energy intake of the groups was found, with an increase in the proportion of protein and reduction in carbohydrates. In this cohort of severely obese adolescents, fixed diet plan and calorie-counting diet led to a similar reduction of ZBMI, metabolic markers and total energy intake. ER  - 
Gynecologic and Obstetric Consequences of Obesity in Adolescent Girls; In the past few decades, there has been an overwhelming increase in childhood and adolescent obesity worldwide. Besides the well recognized cardiometabolic complications and other physical conditions associated with obesity, during adolescence, it causes psychological and social distress in a period of life that is already sensitive for a girl. This in turn increases their risk of low self-esteem and depression. Furthermore, obesity diminishes health-related quality of life and years of life. Overweight and obese teenagers are more likely to have gynecologic and obstetric complications, during adolescence and also later in life. Consequences of obese and overweight childhood and adolescence include sexual maturation and reproductive dysfunction, alterations in menstruation, dysmenorrhea, risky sexual behavior, and inefficient use of contraception, polycystic ovary syndrome, bone density abnormalities, macromastia, and an increased risk of breast and endometrial cancer. Obese adolescents are at greater risk of pregnancy and perinatal complications, such as preeclampsia, gestational hypertension and preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, primary cesarean delivery, and induction of labor, to mention a few. Evidence shows that infants born to obese teenagers are also more likely to have complications including preterm or post-term delivery, small-for-gestational age newborns, macrosomia, meconium aspiration, respiratory distress, and even stillbirth, among others. This comprehensive review focuses on the gynecological and obstetric consequences of obesity in adolescent girls. ER  - 
Banting Memorial Lecture 2016 Reducing lifetime risk of complications in adolescents with Type 1 diabetes; Adolescence is a challenging period of life for any young person, and for those with Type 1 diabetes, physiological and psychological factors can result in a deterioration in glycaemic control. In young people with Type 1 diabetes, puberty may be an additional risk factor impacting on the lifetime risk for renal and cardiovascular complications. Our longitudinal studies have identified that increases in urinary albumin excretion through childhood are associated with the development of microalbuminuria and a generalized endotheliopathy linked to cardiovascular risk. Screening of participants recruited to the Adolescent type 1 Diabetes cardio-renal Intervention Trial (AdDIT) confirms that these early changes in albumin excretion are related to both diabetic nephropathy and cardiovascular risk; in part, independent of glycaemic control. Thus, as well as current attempts to improve glycaemic control through enhanced targeted insulin delivery, pumps, sensors and closed loop, we have explored the role of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors and statins in providing cardio-renal protection during adolescence. ER  - 
Gonadotropin independent androgen synthesis in the human prepubertal testis: Breaking the dogma; In contrast with the well documented gonadotropin stimulated testicular androgen synthesis, in humans, prepubertal (Pp) intratesticular testosterone has been reported (Rivarola 1989) but not elucidated. It has been proposed that the insulin-like growth factor family could provide essential signals for testis development (Griffeth 2014). The aim of this study was to evaluate the expression of steroidogenic enzymes and androgen receptor (AR) in human Pp testes, and analyze a possible relation with the IGF family. Eighteen Pp testes, confirmed by histology analysis, were collected at necropsy from 18 subjects without endocrine or metabolic diseases, and divided in 2 groups: Infancy n=8 (median age 1.3 mo, range 2 days-7 mo), and Childhood n=10 (median age 6 years, range 1-9 y). Protein expression of AR was analyzed by IHC, and of HSD3B2 and CYP11A1 by WB. The mRNA expression of the front and backdoor steroidogenic pathways (CYP17A1, HSD3B2, SRD5A1, SRD5A2, AKR1C1, AKR1C2, AKR1C3, AKR1C4) and the IGF family (IGF1, IGF1R, INSR) was assessed by RTqPCR. Every sample expressed AR in peritubular and interstitial cells, including the Leydig cells present in neonatal and minipubertal samples. Sertoli cells were negative for AR in Infancy, by its expression increased gradually throughout Childhood starting at 3 years of age. HSD3B2 and CYP11A1 protein expression was observed in all samples. SRD5A2 and AKR1C4 mRNAs were not detected in any sample while all other analyzed genes were expressed in every tissue. CYP17A1 mRNA expression was significantly higher in Infancy than in Childhood (p<0.01), while IGF1R, SRD5A1 and AKR1C3 were significantly higher in Childhood (p<0.05). Multiple correlation studies revealed in Infancy a strong negative correlation between IGF1 and CYP17A1 expression and a positive correlation between the enzyme AKR1C3 and both AKR1C1 and AKR1C2. In Childhood, a positive correlation with age was found for CYP17A1 as well as for AKR1C3. Both enzymes SRD5A1 and AKR1C1 correlated positively with AKR1C3 and AKR1C2. A negative correlation was obtained between both receptors. IGF1R correlated positively with CYP17A1 while INSR negatively with CYP17A1 and AKR1C3. To our knowledge, we are the first to report the Pp testicular expression of genes involved in androgen synthesis and its gonadotropin independent increase throughout childhood. Also, our results hint to a possible role of the IGFs in the testis steroidogenic maturation previous to central puberty onset. ER  - 
Metabolic Outcomes, Bone Health, and Risk of Polycystic Ovary Syndrome in Girls with Idiopathic Central Precocious Puberty Treated with Gonadotropin-Releasing Hormone Analogues; Background/Aims: Gonadotropin-releasing hormone analogues (GnRHa) represent the gold standard treatment for central precocious puberty (CPP). We aimed to assess the effects of GnRHa treatment on metabolic outcomes, bone status, and polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) prevalence in young girls with idiopathic CPP (ICPP). Methods: We enrolled 94 ICPP girls who were at least 2 years after menarche and had already attained adult height at the time of the study: 56 previously treated with depot triptorelin (3.4 ± 0.6 years) and 38 untreated. Auxological parameters, lipid profile, homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), bone state, and prevalence of PCOS were assessed. Results: The 2 groups were similar for body mass index (BMI) and waist circumference. HOMA-IR, dehydroepi-androsterone sulfate, and Δ4-androstenedione were higher in the treated than in the untreated subjects (p < 0.001). Significant differences were found for amplitude-dependent speed of sound (p < 0.03) and bone transmission time z-scores (p < 0.01). The prevalence of PCOS was higher in the treated than in the untreated subjects (p < 0.04). Conclusion: GnRHa therapy is associated with hyperandrogenism and an increase in insulin resistance and PCOS prevalence, but not with increased BMI or lipid profile alterations. Long-term evaluations at the time of expected peak bone mass achievement are needed to understand the persistent or transient nature of subtle bone abnormalities. ER  - 
Endocrine Long-Term Follow-Up of Children with Neurofibromatosis Type 1 and Optic Pathway Glioma; Background/Aims: Children with optic pathway glioma (OPG) face sequelae related to tumour location and treatment modalities. We aimed to assess the prevalence of hypothalamic-pituitary dysfunctions in children with neurofibromatosis type 1 (NF1) and OPG who did not receive radiotherapy or surgical resection. The causative role of tumour location on endocrinopathy development is investigated. Methods: A retrospective follow-up study of 40 children with NF1 and OPG evaluated between August 1996 and May 2015 was undertaken. Patients who underwent radiotherapy or surgical resection were excluded and 36 patients were studied. Tumour location was classified according to the Dodge criteria: stage I, optic nerve alone; stage II, optic chiasm with or without optic nerve involvement; and stage III, involvement of the hypothalamus or other adjacent structures. Results: Endocrinopathies were diagnosed in 20/36 (55.6%) children during a mean follow-up of 9.1 (0.2-13.6) years: 0/4 OPGs were Dodge stage I, 12/21 (57.1%) stage II, and 8/11 (72.7%) stage III. The first endocrinopathy was found at a mean age of 7.4 (5.0-13.2) years, 2.4 (0-6.7) years after tumour diagnosis. We found growth hormone deficiency (GHD; 36.1%), central precocious puberty (33.3%), obesity with insulin resistance/impaired glucose tolerance (11.1%), early puberty (5.5%), GH excess (5.5%), ACTH deficiency (5.5%), hypogonadotropic hypogonadism (2.7%), and thyrotropin deficiency (2.7%). GHD was transient in all of those who were retested. Conclusion: This population is at high risk of endocrinopathies due to tumour location. Lifelong endocrine follow-up is recommended. ER  - 
A cutoff for age at menarche predicting metabolic syndrome in egyptian overweight/obese premenopausal women; Previous studies showed that early age at menarche is associated with increased risk of metabolic syndrome. However, the definition of early menarche at these studies was based on background data in the communities at which these studies was carried on. The aim of this work is to determine a cutoff for age at menarche discriminating presence or absence of metabolic syndrome in overweight/obese premenopausal women. This study included 204 overweight/obese women. Metabolic syndrome was defined according to NCEP-ATP III (National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Panel III) criteria. Of a total 204 participants, 82 (40.2%) had metabolic syndrome. By using receiver operating characteristic analysis, age at menarche < 12.25 years discriminated individuals with from those without metabolic syndrome. The area under the curve was 0.76 (95% confidence interval, 0.70 to 0.83). Sensitivity, specificity, negative predictive value, and positive predictive value were 82%, 70%, 85%, and 64%, respectively. Age at menarche < 12.25 years predicts the presence of metabolic syndrome in overweight/obese women. ER  - 
The use of mifepristone in abortion associated with an increased risk of uterine leiomyomas; To investigate the association between widespread use of mifepristone in abortions and risk of uterine leiomyomas. We conducted a case-control study of 305 patients with uterine leiomyomas between January 2011 and July 2012; 311 women with ordinary vaginitis were selected as controls during the same period. Data were collected by questionnaires (including past history, life history, menstruation history, reproductive history, abortion history, the use of mifepristone, and uterine leiomyomas risk factors) and calculated by univariate and multivariate conditional logistic regression analyses; odds ratios and its 95% confidence interval were calculated to estimate the risk for uterine leiomyomas. Abortion with mifepristone was one of the risk factors for uterine leiomyomas, and the risk increased with increasing frequency of mifepristone use. Family history of uterine leiomyomas, body mass index, age at menarche, number of full-term delivery, and medical abortion history were also correlated with uterine leiomyomas. The use of mifepristone in abortion will increase the risk to develop uterine leiomyomas. ER  - 
Birth weight for gestational age and PCOS in adolescents: A case control study; Background: Polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrine condition in women and is often recognized during adolescence. The burden of PCOS is substantial, including risk of infertility, metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes mellitus, cardiovascular disease, and endometrial cancer. PCOS has been variably linked with neonates who are both small for gestational age (SGA) and large for gestational age (LGA). Methods: A retrospective case control study was performed on 60 patients meeting NIH criteria for PCOS and 59 control patients presenting for well care, all ages 12 to 25 years. PCOS patients and healthy controls were extracted from the institutional electronic medical record (EMR) using ICD-10 codes. Patients were included if they were ≥2 years post-menarche and had documented birth weight for gestational age. Patients were excluded if they were born premature (<37 weeks gestation) and if they had congenital adrenal hyperplasia, Cushing's syndrome, androgen secreting tumors, thyroid dysfunction, or hyperprolactinemia. PCOS patients and controls were compared on demographic characteristics, birth weight for gestational age, body mass index (BMI), and age at menarche. SGA was defined as weight <10th percentile for gestational age, and LGA as >90th percentile for gestational age. Patients were classified as overweight if they were 85th - 95th percentile BMI for age, and obese if they were >95 percentile BMI for age. Statistical analysis included Chi-square, Fisher's exact test, logistic regression, and T-tests. Results: PCOS and control patients were of similar age (15.4 ± 1.5 vs 16.1 ± 2.1 years, p=0.04). PCOS patients were more likely to be overweight or obese than controls (86.7% vs. 36.2%, p<0.001), and had a higher BMI zscore than controls (1.8 ± 0.5 vs 0.8 ± 0.9, p<0.001). Age at menarche did not differ between the groups (11.5 ±1.1 vs 11.5 ±1.2 years, p=0.96). PCOS patients had higher weight for gestational age percentile at birth than controls, with a 14% increased odds of PCOS for every 10 percentile increase in birth weight for gestational age (OR=1.14, CI 1.0-1.3, p=0.04). LGA patients had a 3.76 odds ratio of developing PCOS (CI 0.86-26.02, p=0.08), although this finding did not achieve statistical significance. Interestingly, no statistically significant correlation was found between SGA and PCOS (OR= 0.71, CI 0.22-2.18, p=0.55). Within the PCOS group, rates of hirsutism, acne, acanthosis nigricans, seborrhea, hyperinsulinemia, elevated free testosterone, elevated total testosterone, and elevated DHEAS were not significantly different based on size for gestational age. Conclusion: Prior studies have led to controversy over the impact of SGA on the development of PCOS. Our study did not find an association between SGA and PCOS development in adolescence. Interestingly, PCOS diagnosis correlated with increased birth weight for gestational age. Further studies with larger sample sizes are necessary to examine the association between birth weight and PCOS risk during adolescence. Understanding this risk factor is important in developing interventions to reduce risk of PCOS development. ER  - 
Differences in reproductive health issues in adolescent females with polycystic ovarian syndrome compared to controls; Purpose: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrine disorder of adolescents and women. PCOS is associated with adverse outcomes including infertility, diabetes, metabolic syndrome, cardiovascular events and endometrial carcinoma. While evidence has shown that PCOS negatively impacts health related quality of life, adolescents also are concerned about their reproductive potential. Little is known about reproductive health behaviors, including patterns of sexual activity, condom use, contraceptive use, sexually transmitted infections (STIs), pelvic inflammatory disease (PID) and pregnancy, among adolescents with PCOS compared to adolescents without the condition. Methods: A retrospective chart review of patients enrolled in an urban academic adolescent health clinic within a tertiary health system was performed. Electronic medical records were identified using ICD-9 codes for female patients aged 12-22 years old diagnosed with PCOS meeting the NIH criteria for diagnosis between July 2009 and December 2013 and compared to healthy female controls. Results: Charts of 229 patients with PCOS were identified and reviewed and compared to 223 healthy controls. Pearson chi-square test, Fisher's exact test and t-tests were used to compare PCOS patients to controls for descriptive purposes. Compared to healthy controls, females with PCOS group were more likely to have public insurance (p=0.0001), have educational attainment of less than or equal to a high school graduate (p<0.0001), have higher percentages of PID (p=0.0126) and have higher mean body mass indices (BMI) (p<0.0001). There was no statistically significant difference between age of menarche, age of coitarche, sexual activity status, prior pregnancies, or STIs between PCOS patients vs. controls. Logistic regression modeling was utilized for STIs and PID controlling for race, BMI, insurance, education, sexual activity status, lifetime partners and condom usage. There was no difference in STIs between adolescent females with PCOS vs. healthy controls. Adolescent females who were sexually active were more likely to have STIs (OR=8.8, 95%CI=(2.2, 35.6)) and those did not provide information about their number of sexual partners were more likely to have STIs (OR=17.3, 95% CI =(1.9, 158.9)) than those who reported this information. Adolescent females who reported always using condoms or provided no information on condom usage were less likely to have STIs (OR=0.29, 95% CI =(0.12, 0.67); OR=0.39, 95% CI =(0.16, 0.96) respectively) than those who “never” or “sometimes” reported using condoms. Adolescent females with PCOS were more likely to have PID (OR=4.7, 95% CI =(1.5, 14.3)) compared to healthy controls without PCOS. Conclusions: Adolescent patients with PCOS are as sexually active as their peers with no differences in age of menarche, age of coitarche, sexual activity status, prior pregnancies, or STIs vs. healthy controls. They were identified as more likely to have PID compared to their healthy control peers increasing their risk for future infertility. These results highlight the need for consistent counseling on safe sexual practices and consistent screening for STIs in this population. Educational Objective: To describe reproductive health patterns of adolescent female patients with polycystic ovarian syndrome versus controls. ER  - 
Associations of leptin, insulin and lipids with retinal microvasculature in children; Background: Cardio-metabolic risk factors e.g. high blood cholesterol levels and diabetes in childhood may increase the probability of acquiring cardiovascular disease in adulthood. However, the question remains whether these effects are due to direct biological effects or more indirectly to adiposity related side-effects, since adiposity is a known cardiovascular risk factor. Purpose: To investigate in healthy children whether cardio-metabolic risk factors measured in serum (total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein, triglyceride, leptin, insulin, glucose and insulin resistance) are associated with the retinal microvasculature, a non-invasive marker of cardiovascular aging with potential promise in population-based screening. Methods: We recruited 168 healthy Flemish children, aged 7-16 years old (54.8% boys). Blood samples, retinal photographs and anthropometry (3.6% overweight) were taken during clinical examinations. Cardio-metabolic risk factors were obtained using standardized laboratory protocols and the retinal arteriolar and venular calibers were calculated with IVAN computer software. Associations were explored using multivariable regression analyses with retinal parameters as outcome, while adjusting for age, sex, mean arterial pressure and alternate retinal caliber in all models and additional adjustment for pubertal status in models with leptin. Cardio-metabolic risk factors were analyzed continuously and categorically (<90th percentile and ≥90th percentile). In a second step, we adjusted for body mass index z-score (zBMI). Results: Using serum values continuously, only leptin was associated with retinal parameters i.e. wider arterioles (β=0.14;p=0.03), however this disappeared after adjustment for zBMI. Children with high compared to low cardio-metabolic risk factors (≥ 90th percentile) for leptin, insulin and insulin resistance had wider arterioles (β=0.14;p=0.02), even after adjustment for zBMI (β=0.13;p=0.03). No significant associations were found with lipids. Conclusion: In this healthy population of school-aged children, the hormones insulin and leptin and insulin resistance were significantly positively associated with the arteriolar caliber (beneficial vascular effect) mainly in children with high cardio-metabolic factors (≥90th percentile), while lipids did not. These results might further enlighten the role of hormones on the microvasculature, independent of body weight and perhaps by direct vasodilatory action of these hormones. Despite the observed health-beneficial relationship, we stress the importance of longitudinal studies which should focus on the effects of hormones and lipids on the microvasculature over time. ER  - 
Association between age at menarche and gestational diabetes mellitus the australian longitudinal study on women's health; In this study, we aimed to examine the association between age at menarche and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Data were from 4,749 women participating in the Australian Longitudinal Study on Women's Health between 2000 and 2012. Age at menarche was reported at baseline in 2000 when women were aged 22-27 years. During 12 years of follow-up, information on GDM diagnosis was obtained for each live birth. Log-binomial regression analysis was used to estimate relative risks and 95% confidence intervals. Analyses adjusted for mother's highest completed educational qualification, nulliparity, polycystic ovary syndrome, physical activity, and body mass index. Mean age at menarche was 12.9 years (standard deviation, 1.4). A first diagnosis of GDM was reported by 357 women (7.5%). Compared with women with menarche at age 13 years, women who had their first menstruation at age ≤11 years had a 51% higher risk of developing GDM (95% confidence interval: 1.10, 2.07) after adjustment for GDM risk factors. Our findings indicate that a young age at menarche may identify women at higher risk of GDM. Further prospective studies are needed to confirm our findings and to elucidate the role of early-life exposures in age at menarche and subsequent GDM risk. ER  - 
Assessment of a cohort of β-thalassaemia patients: New challenges; Background: The combination of transfusion and chelation therapy has dramatically extended the life expectancy of Beta-thalassemic patients who can now survive into their fourth and fifth decades of life. The goal of long-term transfusional support is to maintain the patient's hemoglobin level at 9-10g/dL. However, complications are still frequent and affect the patients' quality of life, particularly in countries with limited resources. The main objective of this study is to determine the prevalence of prominent complications in a cohort of Algerian thalassemia patients. Materials and Methods: This study was conducted to assess 81 polytransfused Beta-thalassemic patients, mean age 16 years (6-31), sex ratio: 37M/44G: We assess blood transfusion regime, pre-transfusion hemoglobin, iron overload, by serum ferritin level, hepatic iron concentration. Bone mineral density (BMD) measurements at lumbar and femoral regions have been done using dual x-ray absorptiometry. We assess Growth and pubertal maturation (Taner stage), and dosing gonadic hormone dosage, calcium, vitamin D, Parathyroid, and thyroid hormone. Results: The pretransfusion hemoglobin level was maintained between 6 and 9 g/dL in 90% of patients. Additionally, 5% had levels less than 6 g/dL, 5% from 9 to 11 g/dL. Fifty-five percent of patients had undergone splenectomy at a median age of 9 years (range, 1-31 years). Ferritin levels ranged from 147 to 13500 ng/mL (median, 4992 ng/mL). Among 44 patients assessed, 77% had values of 15 mg/g dry weight or higher, 50% LCI>43 mg/gdw, 20% had moderate LCI 15 to 7 mg/gdw, and only 1 patient <7mg/gdw. Hepatic biopsy, performed in 26 patients (assessed for bone morrow transplantation), all had hepatic fibrosis moderate to severe (Metavir score). BMD performed in 49 patients, prevalence of lumbar osteoporosis and osteopenia were 38% and 62%. Dosage of vitamin D performed in 34 patients noted: 5 <10ng/ml, 17 [10-20ng/ml], 8 [20-30ng ml], 4 normal >30ng/ml. Twelve patients receive Biphosphonate treatment. Short stature was seen in 65% of our patients . Hypogonadism was diagnosed in 22,9% of 74 patients who had reached pubertal age: 50% of hypogonadic females and males were receiving hormonal substitution. No patient had Hypoparathyroidism and primary hypothyroidism Three cases of primary amenorrhea, and 2 diabetes aged 17 and 31 years. Despite high ferritine serum no patients had heart disease requiring medication. Discussion: The goal of long-term hypertransfusional support is to maintain the patient's hemoglobin level at 9-10 g/d. This threefold is rarely reached in our patients, for mixture of reasons (compliance, limited blood pack). Iron chelation has been formerly limited, reason of the high prevalence of hemochromatosis in the majority of our patients. Intensification of iron therapy is now assessed to obtain reversal tissues lesions. Well treated 90% of thalassemics patients reached normal puberty; in contrast, in our group of patients, only 20% achieved normal pubertal status after 16 years. Poor pubertal growth and impaired sexual maturation, and endocrine abnormalities in children, adolescents and young adults have been observed because of conventional treatment deficiency, substitutive hormonal therapy is indicated. BMD is a good index of bone status in patients with Thalassemia and should be done in these patients annual. Summary: High prevalence of complications among our thalassemics signifies the importance of more detailed studies along with therapeutic interventions. In conclusion, the survival of patients with thalassemia major improving, but the prevalence of severe complications is still high. ER  - 
The saudi experience on the effects of endocrine complications and its morbidity in thalassaemia; Background: Endocrine dysfunction in thalassemia is a common complication due to excessive iron overload and suboptimal chelation. Disturbances in growth pubertal development, abnormal gonadal functions, impaired thyroid, parathyroid, adrenal functions, diabetes. Bone complication are commonly encountered. Methods: Summary of the two retrospective studies. 1990-2004: Survival and disease complication of thalassemia major (TM) in single institute at King Abdulaziz University Hospital (KAUH), Jeddah, Saudi Arabia. Results: A total of 278 patients were enrolled, the endocrine complication were increased with age and iron overload. Four patient (1%) died due to endocrine dysfunction. 2006-2010: Endocrinopathies in children and adolescents with β thalassemia major at KAUH total of 143 patients enrolled in the study. Results: Vitamin D3 deficiency was the commonest (56%) endocrinopathy in both children and adolescents with β-TM, followed by puberal delay (29.37%) and hypothroidism (21%); 7.6% of the patients had no endocrinopathhies, and 45.5% had 3 or more endocrinopathies. Growth hormone deficiency was observed in 12.58% of the patients. The overall mean and SD serum ferritin levels were 3400.86 and 3067.43 ng/mL, respectively. Iron overload worsened as the children grew older; the mean and SD serum ferritin levels were 2893 and 1919 ng/mL, respectively for pre-adolescents and 4299 and 4276 ng/mL, respectively for adolescents (p=0.0368). Conclusions: Comprehensive care with early detection and recognition of disease complication and appropriate transfusion regimen and chelation therapy are the keys to managing, preventing disease complication improve quality of life on thalassemia. ER  - 
Epidemiology of β-thalassaemia major in the rabat reference center; Background: Since the thalassemia national program was launched by the Ministry of health in 2011, Blood transfusion and iron chelation are offered for free of charge to all patients without health insurance (85%). Rabat center is the main reference center for hemoglobin disorders where patients have been followed for 25 years. The aim of this study is to evaluate our experience. Methods: All patients with major thalassemia followed regularly in the Rabat center were examined and their medical records reviewed and updated during 2015. Results: With a median follow-up of 15 years (1-25), 105 patients with major thalassemia are currently treated in our center. Sex-ratio was 1.1 (56 males and 49 females). The median age was 12 years (9m-31y). The consanguinity was very high at 50%. The mean age of onset of transfusion was 2y (1m-16y), and of iron chelation started at the mean age of 6y (1-20). Facial abnormalities were observed in only 15%. Splenomegaly and hepatomegaly were present in 63% and 18% respectively. Splenectomy was done in 19%. The median pré-transfusionnel Hb was 9.8g/dl (6.6-11.3). The median serum ferritin was 5106ng/ml (225-22.300). Alloimmunization and autoimmunisation were observed in 8% and 5% respectively. Short stature was observed in 50%, puberty delay in 21% and diabetes mellitus in 6%. Conclusions: The Moroccan thalassemia program had a positive impact on the main aspects of outcome this disease. We are working on implementation an efficient monitoring tests for evaluation of iron chelation and recruitment of specialists taking in charge complications of major thalassemia. ER  - 
What factors influence the resolution of symptoms in celiac patients; Objectives and study: The aim of our study was to evaluate the efficacy of the gluten free diet (GFD) in resolving gastrointestinal and extra-intestinal manifestations and identify predictors for persistence of symptoms in children and adults with celiac disease (CeD) at the University of Chicago (UofC) Methods: We conducted a retrospective chart review of the UofC Celiac Center clinic from January 2002 to May 2015. We included the following gastrointestinal (GI) symptoms: abdominal pain, bloating, constipation, diarrhea, failure to thrive/weight loss, nausea, reflux and vomiting. Among extraintestinal (EI) manifestations we analyzed: abnormal liver enzymes, arthralgia/arthritis, dermatitis herpetiformis, alopecia, fatigue, headache, anemia, stomatitis, myalgia, psychiatric disorders, rashes, seizures, neuropathy, short stature, delayed puberty, osteoporosis, and infertility. Non-adherence to the GFD was assessed through patient self-reporting and evaluation of celiac serologies. Duration of symptoms (“no symptoms,” symptoms<5 years” or “symptoms>5 years), duration of diet and the presence of other significant comorbidities were also recorded. Results: From 827 celiac patients in our database, 554 met inclusion criteria (biopsy confirmed CeD or clinical symptoms consistent with CeD plus TTG >10ULN and positive EMA without biopsy), of them 277 pediatric (< 18 years). Long duration of symptoms, age>18 yrs old, female sex, negative family history of CeD and nonadherence to a GFD were the most important significant predictors of failure to clinically improve. Conversely, duration of the diet and our examined comorbidities (including type 1 diabetes, food allergy and thyroid disease) did not appear to be statistically related to a patient's rate of symptom resolution. See table 1.(Table Presented) Conclusion: On a strict GFD, children report greater rates of both GI and EI symptom resolution as compared to adults with greater rates of improvement in GI over EI symptoms. Longer duration of symptoms prior to diagnosis as well as poor adherence to the GFD predisposed a patient to poor symptom resolution. Early recognition of CeD and close attention to diet adherence may help in symptom resolution. ER  - 
Resting energy expenditure assiociated with metabolic disorders in Chinese obese children; Objectives and study: To study the characteristics of Resting Energy Expenditure (REE) and evaluate the association between REE and glucose or lipid metabolism in obese children and adolescents. Methods: Recruited children and adolescents were from the department of child healthcare in Nanjing children's hospital during July, 2015 to Sept, 2016. REE was measured by indirect calorimetry (IC). Body composition was assessed by bioelectrical impedance. Puberty status was determined by Tanner staging. The homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) was used to evaluate the degree of insulin resistance. The association between REE and anthropometric parameters or metabolism indexes were performed using statistics analysis. The study was approved by the ethics committee of Nanjing children's hospital. Results: One hundred and ninety-six obese children (143 boys and 53 girls) aged 7-16 years were recruited (BMISDS:2.90±0.85). REE was expressed per kg of body weight (REE/Wt), REE/Wt was related negatively to age (r=-0.520, p<0.001), BMISDS (r=-0.175, p=0.014), fat mass (FM) (r=-0.590, p<0.001), fat free mass (FFM) (r=-0.571, p<0.001) and decreased significantly during puberty (r=-0.440, p<0.001). Moreover, REE/Wt was associated with fasting blood insulin (r=-0.158, p=0.027), HOMA-IR (r=-0.179, p=0.012) and postprandial blood insulin (r=-0.238, p=0.002). REE/Wt was lower in insulin resistant group (25.6±4.3) compared to normal insulin group (28.3±5.6, p<0.001). All above associations or difference remained after adjusted for age, FM and FFM. However, there were no relationships between REE and blood pressure, serum glucose, high density lipoprotein, triglyceride and total cholesterol. Conclusion: The REE/Wt in obese children and adolescents was negatively correlated with age and the degree of insulin resistance. Puberty development and the dysfunction of insulin target tissues especially heat production organs may mediate the decrease of REE/Wt in obese children and adolescents. The regulation mechanism of insulin on REE deserves further investigation. ER  - 
The complex relationship between obesity and somatotropic axis; Objectives and study: The adipose tissue has effect on growth hormone secretion but the metabolic correlates of circulating insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF1) and IGF1-binding-protein-3 (IGFBP-3) are still unclear. Several studies have suggested that IGF1 modulates adipocyte and there is increasing evidence that IGF1 and IGFBP-3 could be related to metabolic syndrome (MS) in adults. Aim of the study: To investigate the relation between IGF1, IGFBP-3 with adiposity and its metabolic consequences. Methods: 63 children (43 obese mean age 10.7±2.9 yrs and 20 lean control, age 10.3±3.2 yrs). Collected data included: anthropometry, lipid profile, C-reactive Protein (CRP), insulinaemia, HOMAIR, oral glucose tolerance test, IGF1, IGFBP-3 (z-score were calculated). Visceral adiposity was assessed with waist-to-height ratio (WtHR). MS was defined according to Cook Criteria. Results: IGFBP-3 (p=0.029), insulin (p=0.026) levels and HOMA-IR (p=0.04) were higher in obese children than control. In obese group, IGF-I SDS levels were negatively correlated with WtHR (r=-0,358, p=0.021) and CRP (r=-0.337, p=0.036) even after adjustment for pubertal stage. IGFBP-3 SDS concentrations were positively correlated with number of MS features presented (r=0.304, p= 0.019). Particularly, mean IGF1-SDS was lower in subjects with impaired glucose tolerance (-2.15±0.55 vs-0.78±0.79, p=0.026) and IGFBP-3 SDS levels were higher among children with hypertriglyceridemia (0.66±0.51 mg/dl vs 0.30±0.29, p=0.007) Conclusion: A negative association between IGF-1 and visceral adiposity was found in our analysis. Findings link lower circulating IGF1 to greater metabolic risk. Studies are needed to elucidate the role of IGF-1 in regulating adipose tissue development and glucose homeostasis. This could be a new key in defining metabolic dysfunction. ER  - 
Change in plasma atherogenic index after 1-year intervention based on Mediterranean diet in obese children; Objectives and study: The Atherogenic Index of Plasma (AIP) may predict the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) in adults, reflecting the relationship between protective and atherogenic lipoprotein and being associated with the size of pre-and anti-atherogenic lipoprotein particle. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of a 12-month lifestyle intervention on the risk of cardiovascular disease. Methods: A cohort of 125 Caucasian obese children aged 6-15 years (61 boys and 64 girls) was recruited. BMI z-scores were calculated. Fasting blood samples were analysed for lipids, insulin and glucose, at baseline and at the end of intervention. Homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), to evaluate liver insulin resistance, triglyceride glucose (TyG) index, reflecting mainly muscle insulin resistance, quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI), to detect insulin sensitivity, and HOMA-ß%, to evaluate pancreatic ß-cell function, were calculated. The triglycerides/HDL ratio was calculated. The AIP was calculated: (Log [Triglycerides/HDL]). Educational sessions based on the promotion of a normocaloric Mediterranean diet and of at least 60 min moderate-to vigorous-intensity physical activity daily were held at the San Paolo Hospital, Milan, Italy. A Mediterranean diet pyramid for the pediatric age was developed “ad hoc” on the basis of the Mediterranean diet pyramid for adults. Written educational brochures were given to the parents, including general nutritional advice, food choice lists, the Mediterranean diet pyramid for the pediatric age, and recommended average servings for principal food categories, according to updated Italian Dietary Reference Values. Statistical significance of longitudinal variations was tested by the Student's t test for paired data or the Wilcoxon test, and adjustments were made for age, sex, baseline BMI zscore and Tanner stage. Results: At the end of intervention children (n=118) showed lower [mean (SD)] BMI z-score than recruitment [2.89 (0.86) vs 3.41 [0.95], P<0.0001]. Reduction of daily energy intake and macronutrient redistribution towards the recommended range were observed. At the end of the intervention children showed lower HOMA-ß% [245.84 (131.53) vs 332.74 (291.60); P=0.043], TyG index [vs 8.08 (0.44) vs 8.33 (0.50); P<0.001] and increased QUICKI [0.33 (0.03) vs 0.33 (0.03); P=0.025]. After 1-year intervention children also showed lower total cholesterol [158.54 (31.66) vs 164.14 (29.82) mg/dL; P=0.023], triglycerides (83.98 (38.38) vs 109.71 (54.87) mg/dL; P<0.001) levels, lower triglycerides/HDL ratio [1.80 (1.12) vs 2.49 (1.64); P<0.001] and atherogenic index 0.19 (0.23) vs 0.32 (0.27); P<0.001], and increased HDL cholesterol (50.30 (10.33) vs 48.02 (9.76); P<0.001). A reduction of AIP index > 50% of the baseline value was observed in 38 (32.2%) children. Conclusion: To our knowledge this study is the first intervention study that evaluated the atherogenic index in a paediatric population and found that it decreased after 12-month intervention based on promotion of Mediterranean diet. ER  - 
Metabolically healthy obese children and adolescents are at risk of liver steatosis and subclinical atherosclerosis; Objectives and study: Childhood obesity is associated with metabolic complications such as insulin resistance, hypertension, dyslipidemia and inflammation, which may eventually lead to the development of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and type 2 diabetes. Nonetheless, some obese children do not show any of these cardiometabolic disturbances, and they are called metabolically healthy obese (MHO). It has been suggested that 30% of obese adult patients are metabolically healthy, and that this group have similar insulin sensitivity to lean individuals, lower visceral and liver fat and lower intima media thickness of the carotid artery (cIMT) compared with metabolically unhealthy obese (MUO) patients. Some studies have also shown that CVD risk in MHO subjects is similar to normalweight metabolically healthy individuals. To date, studies on the MHO phenotype in pediatric population are very limited. The aims of the present study were to 1) determine the prevalence of MHO phenotype in a large cohort of obese children and adolescents; and 2) compare anthropometric and cardiometabolic features with MUO children and adolescents. Methods: This cross-sectional study included 552 overweight/obese adolescents [mean age, 10.5 (SD, 2.9) years] who were classified as MHO (no cardiometabolic risk factors) or MUO (= 1 cardiometabolic risk factors), on the basis of age-and gender-specific cut-off points for fasting glucose, triglycerides, total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, non-HDL cholesterol, homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), and systolic and diastolic blood pressure. All study subjects had abdominal ultrasound examination for assessment of liver steatosis. Carotid artery ultrasound for evaluation of cIMT was performed in a subset of study population (n= 246). Results: Among the study children and adolescents, 31.7% (175 of 552) had MHO phenotype, and they were more likely to be younger and in earlier stages of pubertal development compared to the MUO group. Compared with MUO phenotype, youth classified as MHO also displayed a lower body mass index-standard deviation score (BMI-SDS) and waist circumference, lower blood pressure, and lower serum lipids, aminotransferases, HOMA-IR levels, and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (HSCRP) concentrations as well as decreased cIMT values. Liver steatosis was diagnosed in 258 of 552 (46.7%) subjects, of whom 61 belonged to the MHO group (34.8%, 61of 175 MHO). When we compared MHO subjects with and without liver steatosis, we found that those with liver involvement were older, and had higher WC, while no differences were found with respect to BMI-SDS, serum lipids, HOMA-IR, and HSCRP levels. cIMT values were significantly high in MHO youths with liver steatosis. Multiple logistic regression analysis revealed that the risk factor for increased cIMT in MHO subjects was fatty liver [odds ratio, 4.27 (confidence interval, 1.16-15.7); P< 0.05)] after adjustment for clinical variables. Conclusion: In a large cohort of strictly defined metabolically healthy obese children and adolescents we found that 35% of them had liver steatosis, which might explain the increased cIMT in the MHO phenotype. The presence of fatty liver should be assessed to determine whether youths are actually in a metabolically benign state for the prevention of CVD. ER  - 
Metabolic syndrome in obese children; Objectives and study: To evaluate obese children for the presence of Metabolic Syndrome (MetS). Methods: Subjects enrolled in our study had been referred to our clinic for obesity from January 2010 to September 2016. They presented a BMI exceeded the 85-th percentile for age and sex. We recorded the anthropometric data and performed: fasting and 2-h after loading blood glucose and insulin (standard OGTT); fasting blood lipid profile; hormonal profile and arterial blood pressure. MetS was defined using modified criteria of the National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Panel (NCEP ATP III). MetS was defined if 3 or more of the 5 criteria were met. Results: There were 69 obese children; 49(71%) boys and 20(29%) girls. Mean chronologic age was 9.47±3.73 years, (range 2.59÷15.9). 62(90%) were pre-puberty and 7(10%) were in different stages of puberty. MetS was identified in 25(36.23%) patients; 18(72%) boys and 7 (28%) girls. Mean chronologic age of the subgroup with MetS was 9.49±4.12 years. With 4 criteria were 9 children; 5 boys and 4 girls, mean chronologic age was 10.61±4.07 years. With 3 criteria were 16 children; 13 boys and 3 girls, mean chronologic age was 8.85 ± 4.15 years. Homa-IR index was the major determinant of MetS in our obese children, followed by low levels of HDL-cholesterol, high level of triglycerides and high arterial pressure. There were significant changes between two subgroups with and without MetS for mean values as below (table 1). Conclusion: MetS coexist with obesity in obese children in 36.23%. Fasting and 2h-post load insulin or HOMA-IR index are strictly associated with MetS. The degree of the obesity appears to influence on the prevalence of IR and both of them are the common risk for developing MetS. We recommend screening for all obese children of any age to detect those who require more intense interventions. ER  - 
Obesity associated sex differences in the metabolome of pre-and post-pubertal children; Objectives and study: According to the developmental origins of health and diseases hypothesis, metabolic alterations early in life might influence the development of diseases, such as obesity and diabetes, later in life. In addition, it has been described, that the sex differences in the development and severity of obesity and diabetes as risk factors for cardiovascular diseases are well described. Despite this fact, analysis of sex differences are highly underrepresented in metabolomics studies in children and adults. The aim of this study was to evaluate if there are differences in the disease related metabolome between male and female pre-and post-pubertal healthy German children and adolescents, participating in the 10 and 15 years follow ups of the GINIplus and LISAplus studies. Methods: Metabolomics analysis on serum samples from the 10 and 15 year follow up of the GINIplus and the LISAplus studies has been conducted by using a liquid chromatography coupled to tandem mass-spectrometry approach to measure and quantify amino acids, acylcarnitines (acyl-carn), phospholipids (sphingomyelin (SM) and phosphatidylcholine (PC)), non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA) and citric acid cycle intermediates. To analyse potential sex differences in the metabolome of the 10 and 15 years old participants, we applied multiple linear regression models (n= 897) with the child's sex as predictor and single metabolite concentration as the outcome for both time points. Afterwards, we analysed the metabolites that differed between the two follow ups with regards to pubertal stage by principal components analysis and regression models. The significance level was set to a Bonferroni corrected p-value < 0. 05. Results: At the 10 year follow-up, acyl-Carn C14:1, Citric acid, Gly, NEFA C14:0, NEFA C14:1, NEFA C16:0, NEFA C16:1, NEFA C17:1, NEFA C18:1, Orn, Ser, SMa C32:2, SMa C34:2, SMa C35:2 and SMa C36:2 have been significantly different between males (lower concentrations) and females (higher concentrations). In the 15 year olds 48 metabolites differed significantly, including 6 amino acids, 2 acyl-carnitines, 3 LPCs, 6 non-esterified fatty acids, 4 PCaa, 11 PCae and 17 sphingomyelins-all significantly associated phospholipids mainly consisting of monounsaturated fatty acids. 42 metabolites were associated with sex at age 15 years, but not at 10 years. Of those, 27 metabolites increased with pubertal stage and 15 decreased. PCae C40:3 and SMa C31:1 have been significantly associated with higher pubertal stage after Bonferroni correction, although principal components analysis didn't show components to discriminate between the different pubertal stages. Conclusion: Sex differences in the metabolites that have previously been associated with obesity and insulin resistance already exist at an early pubertal stage at 10 years of age and are more prominent with advanced pubertal stage. This means, sex should be considered in mechanistic studies not only after, but also in the early stages of puberty. The metabolites we found in both time points of this analysis have been associated with obesity in adults in previous studies. Therefore, puberty seems to be a very sensitive window for changes in the metabolome that might already set the direction of the development of cardiovascular diseases. ER  - 
Do post-menarcheal anthropometric measures of body fat better predict late adolescent lipid levels than pre-menarche values?; Identifying simple, early predictors of cardiometabolic risk is crucial to inform targeted strategies for chronic disease prevention. In adults, excess body fat stored around the waist is an important risk factor for dyslipidemia. The role of body composition on lipid levels during childhood and adolescence is less well understood. We sought to determine which anthropometric measures of body composition better predicted lipid levels in later adolescence, and whether measures taken after menarche would more strongly predict lipid levels than those taken before. Previously collected data from the NHLBI's Growth and Health Study were used to evaluate the independent effects of early adolescent waist to hip ratio (WHR) and BMI on lipid levels at 17-20 years of age in this cohort of Caucasian (white) and African-American (black) girls, initially 9-10 years of age. We included 830 girls (371 blacks, 459 whites) with WHR data measured 1-2 years before menarche (Pre-M) and 1201 girls (655 blacks, 546 whites) with measurements taken 1-2 years after menarche (Post-M); all were required to have complete data for LDL, HDL, triglycerides [TG], and TG/HDL ratio at 17-20 years of age. Analysis of covariance models were used to compare adjusted mean lipid levels in black and white girls across tertiles (T1,T2,T3) of Pre-M and Post-M WHR and BMI, while adjusting for potential confounding by activity, height, dietary, age at menarche, mother's BMI, and demographic variables. As shown in previous studies, mean HDL levels were higher in blacks (54.8 vs. 52.2 mg/dL, p<.0001) while mean LDL levels were higher in whites than in blacks (98.8 vs. 98.0 mg/dL, p=0.6199). WHR, particularly in blacks, was inversely associated with HDL, whether measured before or after menarche. For LDL, Post-M WHR was a stronger direct predictor of later LDL among whites while levels of TG increased across tertiles of WHR both before and after menarche. TG/HDL, which provides an estimate of LDL particle size, was associated with WHR both before and after menarche. Mean TG/HDL levels in the highest tertile of WHR for white girls was 2.2, which is above the standard cutoff (2.0) considered indicative of an atherogenic lipid profile and higher likelihood of insulin resistance. In the table below, the difference in lipid levels between the highest and lowest tertiles of WHR and BMI are shown. In general, these results suggest that BMI in both black and white girls is at least as strong a predictor of later adolescent lipid levels as WHR. These results suggest that simple anthropometric measures of body fat (BMI and WHR) in early adolescence are strong predictors of subsequent dyslipidemic profiles. HDL, a marker of metabolic risk, is more strongly associated with WHR (than with BMI), regardless of race. In comparison, BMI, particularly following menarche, is a strong predictor of elevated LDL, HDL, and the TG/HDL in both black and white girls. ER  - 
Gupan extracts increased the expression level of genes related to growth hormone; Growth hormone (GH) is the main regulator of longitudinal growth before puberty, and treatment with recombinant human GH (rec-hGH) can increase muscle strength. Most physiological actions of GH are mediated by changes in gene transcription. GH is a 191-amino acid pituitary protein that stimulates the hepatic production and release of insulin-lilke growth factor-1 (IGF-1) into the systemic circulation. GH deficiency may occur as an isolated disorder or as part of multiple hormone deficiencies. The standard treatment of GH deficiency in adults and children is replacement with rec-hGH. Current rec-hGH therapy requires daily subcutaneous injections that may decrease compliance. But, these treatment evoked side effects, such as injection site reactions, edema, and arthralgia. In this study, we tested the exterio part of back (termed: Gupan) extracted from Geoclemys reevesii Gray. C2C12 murine skeletal muscle cells were cultured in DMEM supplemented with 10% FBS, 25 mM Hepes until they reached 80% confluence. Then, differentiation medium was added DMEM (5% horse serum), and the cells were allowed to differentiate into myotubes during 4 days. After 16 h in serum-free medium, C2C12 myotubes were stimulated with Gupan (15 ug/ml) and rec-hGH (500 ng/ml) for 6 h. RNA was obtained from each sample using Total RNA purification kit and cDNA was prepared form 250 ng of RNA using the highcapacity cDNA reverse transcription kit. qRT-PCR was conducted with FastStart Essential DNA Green Master (Roche). qRT-PCT was used for confirmation of gene expression changes induced by rec-hGH. Nine genes were confirmed as being differentially expressed after rec-hGH induction. Among 9 genes, 3 genes (CISH, npy1r,ugdh) were highly expressed more than rec-hGH. 2 genes (BTC, Bcl6) were also highly expressed more than no treatment. The other 2 genes (SOCS2, tgfbr3) was a little increased in the expression. However, BMP4 and RGS2 were not increased. Although we do not test many experiments, this study shows modifications in the gene expression profile of C2C12 cell line treated with Gupan in vitro. Further investigations need to be study with potential implications in the action of GH. ER  - 
Associations of maternal omega-3 and omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid intake during pregnancy and offspring adiposity and metabolic risk during peripuberty; Objective: To investigate relations of maternal intake of omega-3 (N-3) and omega-6 (N-6) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) during pregnancy with offspring adiposity and metabolic risk in peripuberty. Methods: This study used data from 248 participants aged 8-15 y in the Early Life Exposures in Mexico to Environmental Toxicants (ELEMENT) Project, a Mexico City pre-birth cohort. Trimester-specific maternal dietary data was collected based on food frequency questionnaire validated for Mexican populations. We used multivariable linear regression to investigate associations of trimester-specific intake of N-3 α-linolenic acid (ALA), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA); N-6 linoleic acid (LA), and arachidonic acid (AA); and AA: EPA+DHA ratio with: 1) offspring adiposity, according to body mass indexfor-age Z score (BMIZ), waist circumference (WC), and sum of the subscapular and skinfold thicknesses (SS+TR); and 2) metabolic risk, as indicated by fasting glucose, leptin, adiponectin, lipid profile and blood pressure in peripuberty. Results: Higher 2nd trimester intake of EPA, DHA, and AA were associated with lower offspring BMIZ during peripuberty, even after adjusting for maternal education, parity, and child age and sex. For example, each 1-SD increment in maternal EPA intake during the 2nd trimester corresponded with a 0.25 (95% CI: 0.04, 0.46) units lower offspring BMIZ; similar trends were observed for WC and SS+TR. Accounting for pubertal status did not alter our findings; however, adjusting for height z-score attenuated estimates to the null. There was no relationship between any of the PUFAs and the metabolic biomarkers. Conclusions: The inverse relationship of maternal 2nd trimester intake of EPA, DHA, and AA with adiposity may be driven by slower linear growth. This can be explained by the lack of main food sources of N-3 and N-6 such as fresh fish and nuts in the typical Mexican diet. More research is needed to investigate weather maternal intake of PUFAs contributes to offspring adiposity and metabolic risk in this population. ER  - 
Stratification of patients with juvenileonset systemic lupus erythematosus using immune and metabolic phenotyping; Background: Juvenile-onset systemic lupus erythematosus (JSLE) is an autoimmune disorder characterized by immune cell dysregulation, chronic inflammation and increased cardiovascular risk. Disease onset dominates mid-puberty and the female:male ratio is 4.5:1, suggesting a hormonal importance in disease pathogenesis. JSLE patients have more aggressive disease, more major organ involvement and increased standardized mortality ratios compared to patients with adult-onset SLE. Our previous findings show that defects in immune cell lipid metabolism contribute to disease pathogenesis in adult-onset SLE. However, in JSLE little is known about the immune profile or whether abnormal lipid metabolism also contributes to pathogenesis. Here we performed in-depth immune and metabolic profiling in a cohort of JSLE patients and age and gender matched healthy controls (HCs). Methods: Flow cytometry was carried out using 2 15-colour panels to immunophenotype peripheral blood mononuclear cells from 32 HCs (10 male, 22 female, mean age 18) and 32 JSLE patients (8 male, 24 female, mean age 19). Data were analysed by cluster and phenotype- phenotype correlation. Flow cytometry and qPCR were used to measure functional and metabolic marker expression on immune cell subsets. Data were correlated with clinical assessments of disease. Results: Patients with JSLE were characterized by increased naïve and decreased memory B-cell and T-cell subsets and increased monocyte frequency (p=0.0013) compared to HCs. CD4+ and CD8+ T-cells from JSLE patients had elevated membrane lipid raft (p=0.0185, p=0.0087) and glucose transport receptor (GLUT-1) (p=0.0205, p=0.0017) expression suggesting that they were more metabolically active. Furthermore the metabolic immuneophenotype in JSLE correlated positively with erythrocyte sedimentation rate and negatively with complement protein C3 supporting the hypothesis that altered metabolism is associated with JSLE disease features. Comparison of HC males vs females revealed gender differences in the immune phenotype; in particular regulatory T cells from healthy males had an increased frequency and increased lipid raft (p=0.0387) and GLUT-1 (p=0.0306) expression compared to healthy females but in JSLE patients these gender differences were lost. Unsupervised hierarchical cluster analysis revealed that JSLE patient subgroups could be stratified based on their immuneophenotype and gender. Furthermore, phenotype-phenotype correlation analysis identified unique associations between immune cell subtypes comparing HC vs JSLE cohorts, male vs female HCs, healthy males vs JSLE males and healthy females vs JSLE females. This analysis revealed that different cell types could be involved in JSLE pathogenesis depending on gender. Conclusion: Gender differences in immunological and metabolic profiles and altered lipid metabolism could contribute to the bias of JSLE towards females. ER  - 
Body composition of obese adolescents: association between adiposity indicators and cardiometabolic risk factors; BACKGROUND: The association between obesity during adolescence and the increased risk of cardiometabolic diseases indicates the need to identify reproducible and cost effective methods for identifying individuals who are at increased risk of developing diseases. The present cross-sectional study investigated the occurrence of metabolic consequences of obesity in adolescents and the use of adiposity indicators as predictors of cardiometabolic risk. METHODS: A fasting blood sample was taken in 93 pubertal obese adolescents aged 13-18 years old (39 males, 54 females) for the assessment of cardiometabolic risk markers (glucose, lipid profiles, insulin resistence, and inflammatory and endothelial dysfunction markers). Together with anthropometry, total fat mass and lean mass were determined by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA). RESULTS: The prevalence of dyslipidaemia and disorders in glucose metabolism are noticeably higher in the present study. There was no correlation between the percentage of body fat according to DXA and most indicators of adiposity. For boys, the arm circumference values predicted the increase in fasting insulin (r2 = 0.200), homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (r2 = 0.267) and cardiometabolic risk score (r2 = 0.338). The percentage of body fat according to DXA predicted the inflammation score (r2 = 0.172). For girls, body mass index was the parameter that best described the variability of fasting insulin (r2 = 0.079) and inflammation score (r2 = 0.263). The waist-to-stature ratio was able to predict the triglyceride values (r2 = 0.090). CONCLUSIONS: Anthropometric measures of adiposity, such a body mass index, waist-to-stature ratio, arm circumference and waist circumference,should be considered in the clinical evaluation of obese adolescents. ER  - 
Prevalence of hypovitaminosis D and associated factors in obese Spanish children; Background/Objectives:Vitamin D deficiency may contribute to endocrine health and disease (diabetes, autoimmune thyroid diseases, polycystic ovarian syndrome, etc.). The aim of this study was to determine the prevalence and specific factors for hypovitaminosis D among children stratified by body mass index (BMI) in Northern Spain.Subjects/Methods:A cross-sectional clinical (sex, age, season of study visit, place of residence and BMI) and blood testing (calcium, phosphorous, calcidiol and parathyroid hormone (PTH)) were accomplished in 546 Caucasian individuals (aged 3.2-15.8 years). The BMI (Z-score) allowed establishing four groups: normal, overweight, obesity and severe obesity. The criteria of the US Endocrine Society were used for the definition of hypovitaminosis D.Results:Calcidiol levels were significantly higher in normal and overweight groups (P=0.001), whereas PTH levels were significantly higher in obesity and severe obesity groups (P=0.001). Hypovitaminosis D prevalence was significantly higher in severe obesity (81.1%) and obesity (68.2%) groups, whereas was lowest in overweight (55%) and normal (58.1%) groups (P=0.001). There was a negative correlation between calcidiol and PTH levels (P<0.01). Female (90.9%), adolescent group (88,2%), winter (100%) and autumn (82.4%) time and urban residence (94.1%) imply a higher prevalence of hypovitaminosis D in subjects with severe obesity (P<0.001). Female, puberal age, autumn, winter and spring time, urban residence and severe obesity were found to be independent predictors for hypovitaminosis D.Conclusions:Severe obesity could be considered as an associated factor for vitamin D deficiency, and, owing to its high prevalence, the implementation of systematic screening and hypovitaminosis treatment programs would be particularly useful. ER  - 
Integrating Gene Expression with Summary Association Statistics to Identify Genes Associated with 30 Complex Traits; Although genome-wide association studies (GWASs) have identified thousands of risk loci for many complex traits and diseases, the causal variants and genes at these loci remain largely unknown. Here, we introduce a method for estimating the local genetic correlation between gene expression and a complex trait and utilize it to estimate the genetic correlation due to predicted expression between pairs of traits. We integrated gene expression measurements from 45 expression panels with summary GWAS data to perform 30 multi-tissue transcriptome-wide association studies (TWASs). We identified 1,196 genes whose expression is associated with these traits; of these, 168 reside more than 0.5 Mb away from any previously reported GWAS significant variant. We then used our approach to find 43 pairs of traits with significant genetic correlation at the level of predicted expression; of these, eight were not found through genetic correlation at the SNP level. Finally, we used bi-directional regression to find evidence that BMI causally influences triglyceride levels and that triglyceride levels causally influence low-density lipoprotein. Together, our results provide insight into the role of gene expression in the susceptibility of complex traits and diseases. ER  - 
DEPTOR promoter genetic variants and insulin resistance in obese children and adolescents; Background: Insulin resistance (IR) is one of the major metabolic complications of obesity in children and adolescents. DEP domain-containing mammalian target of rapamycin interacting protein (DEPTOR) is involved in downstream insulin signaling and DEPTOR's effects are regulated by its level of expression. Objectives: To analyze promoter region of DEPTOR for genetic variants associated with altered IR in obese children and adolescents. Subjects and methods: IR was determined in 322 normoglycemic obese subjects [173 females, 149 males; mean age 13.3 ± 3.5 yr, mean BMI-SDS 2.85 ± 0.83, HbA1C 5.2 ± 0.2% (33 ± 2.5 mmol/mol)] using homeostatic model assessment – insulin resistance [HOMA-IR (>2 prepubertal and >3 pubertal)] and whole body insulin sensitivity index [WBISI (<6.5 prepubertal and <4.5 pubertal)]. Genetic variants, determined by high resolution melting analysis, were confirmed by Sanger sequencing, whereas population allele distribution was determined by TaqMan genotyping probes. Results: Genetic variant c.-143T>C (rs7840156) was associated with a significant 2-fold decreased risk to present with IR, determined by HOMA-IR [odds ratio (OR) = 0.614, 95% confidence interval (CI) = 0.435–0.867, p = 0.0057) and WBISI (OR = 0.582, 95% CI = 0.414–0.817, p = 0.0018). The CC genotype had lower mean HOMA-IR value (2.47 ± 0.44 vs. 3.04 ± 0.14, p = 0.0177) and higher mean WBISI value (7.00 ± 0.71 vs. 5.27 ± 0.33, p = 0.0235) than TT genotype. Variant c.-143T>C was located in evolutionary highly conserved region in DEPTOR promoter region. Conclusion: Presented results on association between insulin sensitivity and genetic variants in DEPTOR gene suggest DEPTOR and mammalian target of rapamycin signaling pathway to be potential target for future research and pharmacological interventions. ER  - 
Increased levels of Dickkopf-1 are indicative of Wnt/β-catenin downregulation and lower osteoblast signaling in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus, contributing to lower bone mineral density; Summary: Higher levels of Dickkopf-1, which is an inhibitor of Wnt/β-catenin bone metabolic pathway, could be indicative of downregulated Wnt system, with possible lower osteoblast activation and higher osteoclast signaling in type 1 diabetes mellitus children and adolescents. Dickkopf-1 could significantly contribute to diabetes osteopathy. Introduction: Increased fracture risk and elevated Dickkopf-1 levels, which is an inhibitor of Wnt/β-catenin bone metabolic pathway, have been documented in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2D), while no relevant data exist on childhood type 1 diabetes (T1D). Our aim was to study plasma Dickkopf-1 distribution in children and adolescents with T1D and to correlate Dickkopf-1 with metabolic bone markers and bone mineral density (BMD). Methods: We evaluated 40 children and adolescents with T1D (mean ± SD age 13.04 ± 3.53 years, T1D duration 5.15 ± 3.33 years) and 40 healthy age-matched and gender-matched controls (age 12.99 ± 3.3 years). Dickkopf-1 and bone metabolic markers were measured, while total body and lumbar spine BMD were evaluated with dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA). Results: Dickkopf-1 demonstrated a Gaussian distribution, with higher levels in T1D patients (13.56 ± 5.34 vs 11.35 ± 3.76 pmol/L, p = 0.024). Higher values were found in boys and in prepubertal children. Dickkopf-1 correlated positively with osteoprotegerin and fasting glucose in patients, while positive correlation with sclerostin and total soluble receptor activator of nuclear factor-kappaB ligand (s-RANKL) was found in controls. Positive correlations with C-telopeptide cross-links (CTX), osteocalcin, alkaline phosphatase, phosphate, and insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF1) were documented in both groups. Lumbar spine Z-score was positively associated with Dickkopf-1 in controls, while a negative trend was found in patients. Conclusions: Higher levels of Dickkopf-1 could indicate a downregulated Wnt/β-catenin system with possible lower osteoblast activation and higher osteoclast signaling in T1D children and adolescents. Dickkopf-1 could possibly be a significant contributor of T1D osteopathy. Future therapies could focus on Wnt/β-catenin metabolic pathway. ER  - 
Influence of the informal primary caretaker on glycemic control among prepubertal pediatric patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus; Objectives In prepubertal type 1 diabetic patients (DM1), the availability of an informal primary caregiver (ICP) is critical to making management decisions; in this study, the ICP-related risk factors associated with glycemic control were identified. Patients, materials, and methods A comparative cross-sectional study was performed. Fifty-five patients with DM1 under the age of 11 years were included. The patient-related factors associated with glycemic control evaluated were physical activity, DM1 time of evolution, and adherence to medical indications. The ICP-related factors evaluated were education, employment aspects, depressive traits (Beck questionnaire), family functionality (family APGAR), support of another person in patient care, stress (Perceived Stress Scale), and socioeconomic status (Bronfman questionnaire). Multivariate logistic and linear regression analyses were performed. Results The patients’ median age was 8 years; 29 patients had good glycemic control, and 26 were uncontrolled. The main risk factor associated with glycemic dyscontrol was stress in the ICP (OR 24.8; 95% CI 4.06–151.9, p = 0.001). While, according to the linear regression analysis it was found that lower level of education (β 0.991, 95% CI 0.238–1.743, p = 0.011) and stress (β 1.918, 95% CI 1.10–2.736, p = 0.001) in the ICP, as well as family dysfunction (β 1.256, 95% CI 0.336–2.177, p = 0.008) were associated with higher levels of glycated hemoglobin. Conclusions Level of education and stress in the ICP, as well as family dysfunction, are factors that influence the lack of controlled blood glucose levels among prepubertal DM1 patients. ER  - 
Cardiometabolic risk is associated with the severity of sleep-disordered breathing in children with obesity; Background The alarming progression of pediatric obesity is associated with the development of sleep-disordered breathing (SDB), and both exhibit similar adverse cardiometabolic health outcomes. Physical activity level (PAL) may counteract sleep and metabolic disturbances. The present study investigates i) the association between the metabolic syndrome in childhood obesity and SDB, ii) the impact of SDB severity on cardiometabolic risk scores and PAL in children with obesity. Methods Maturation status (Tanner stages), anthropometric (height, weight, body mass index, waist circumference, body adiposity index) and cardiometabolic characteristics (systolic and diastolic blood pressure, lipid and glycemic profiles) were assessed in 83 obese children (mean ± SD, age: 10.7 ± 2.7 years). PAL and SDB were investigated with a step test and interviews, and an overnight sleep monitor, respectively. The presence or absence of metabolic syndrome (MS) was established and continuous cardiometabolic risk scores were calculated (MetScoreBMI and MetScoreWC). Results Obese children with (61.4%) and without (38.6%) MS present similar SDB. SDB severity is associated with increased insulin concentrations, MetScoreBMI and MetScoreWC (p < 0.05) in obese children. There is no association between SDB and PAL. Conclusions In a context where no consensus exists for SDB diagnosis in children, our results suggest the influence of SDB severity on cardiometabolic risk factors. Further studies are needed to explore the association between PAL and both metabolic and sleep alterations in obese children. ER  - 
The impact of adiponectin levels on biomarkers of inflammation among adolescents with obesity; Aims Considering the protective role of adiponectin, we aimed to investigate the impact of different levels of adiponectin on biomarkers of inflammation among adolescents with obesity. Methods Were recruited 220 post-pubertal adolescents with obesity. Body composition, lipid profile, adiponectin and leptin concentrations were obtained. Adolescents were distributed in 3 groups (lower levels of adiponectin ≤4.85; medium levels of adiponectin >4.85 e ≤ 9.63; higher levels of adiponectin >9.63). GLM test was performed to analyze difference between groups with p level set at ≤0.05. Pathway analyze was performed. Results The most important find in the present low tertile has higher values of body fat compared to medium values. Interesting, insulin(μU/mL), HOMA –AD, total cholesterol (mg/dL), LDL, VLDL, Triglycerides (mg/dL), leptin and leptin/adiponectin ratio presented statistical higher values; inversely; QUICKI, HDL, and adiponectin/leptin ratio has lower when compared low with higher tertile. Analyzing the adiponectin pathway, the comportment of adiponectin was partially mediated by negative correlation with leptin/adiponectin ratio, HOMA-AD and HOMA-IR and positive correlation with HDL-col. Conclusion Together, these results may partly contribute to explain the role of adiponectin linking obesity whit atherosclerosis, as depended dose-response of this hormone concentration once in the lower tertile of adiponectin these results were not showed. ER  - 
Long-term Consequences of Congenital Adrenal Hyperplasia due to Classic 21-hydroxylase Deficiency in Adolescents and Adults; Background The management of congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH) from pediatric to adulthood is challenging to achieve optimal growth and puberty. This study characterizes the clinical outcomes of 21-hydroxylase deficiency. Methods 53 CAH patients were included (33 females, 15 and 18 patients with the salt-wasting [SW] and simple-virilizing [SV] forms; and 20 males, 16 and 4 patients with the SW and SV forms). We reviewed growth parameters, pubertal status, and long-term morbidities. Results In females, the age at pubertal onset and pubarche was 9.6±0.9 and 10.5±1.9 years, respectively, which was significantly earlier in the SV form (p=0.005). In males, the ages at pubertal onset and pubarche were 10.1±2.0 and 10.7±2.5 years, respectively, which were not significantly different between the groups. Forty patients reached adult height: -2.1±1.6 SDS in males and -1.5±1.1 SDS in females. Obesity and overweight was significantly common in adult patients. Testicular adrenal rest tumors were found in 4 SW males. 5 patients had adrenal tumor including adenoma, adenocarcinoma, or myelolipoma. Conclusions Reduced adult height and obesity/overweight are prevalent in adulthood. Adolescents and adults with 21-hydroxylase deficiency should be monitored for long-term consequences. ER  - 
Effects of preterm birth and fetal growth retardation on life-course cardiovascular risk factors among schoolchildren from Colombia: The FUPRECOL study; Background Both fetal growth restriction and prematurity have been associated with cardiometabolic risk in youth and adults, however, data on their combined effects on cardiometabolic health in youth are scarce. Aims This study aimed at assessing the effects of birth weight and gestational age combined on life-course cardiovascular risk factors and obesity among schoolchildren from Colombia. Study design A cross-sectional study. Subjects Participants comprised 2510 Colombian schoolchildren (54.8% girls) aged 9–17.9 years. Outcome measures Four groups were created according to WHO criteria: those born at term with an appropriate birth weight (≥ 2500 g to ≤ 4000 g) for gestational age (term AGA); those born preterm (< 37 to < 42 completed weeks) with an appropriate birth weight for gestational age (preterm AGA); those born at term with low birth weight for gestational age (term SGA); and those born preterm with low birth weight for gestational age (preterm SGA). Anthropometric markers (body mass, height, waist circumference, and body mass index), blood pressure, lipids profile, fasting glucose, and pubertal stage were assessed. The prevalence of metabolic syndrome was determined by de Ferranti definition. Results There were differences between the 4 groups for calendar age (p = 0.011), body mass (p = 0.001), height (p = 0.001), and body mass index (p = 0.027). Overall, preterm SGA group had a greater risk for having elevated fasting glucose and metabolic syndrome (total sample and in boys) compared with term AGA group (p < 0.05). For other cardiovascular risk factors, no significant relationships were observed based on birth characteristics. Conclusions School-age children and adolescents with combined fetal growth restriction and prematurity exhibited an increased prevalence of glucose risk and metabolic syndrome. ER  - 
Bolus Calculator Settings in Well-Controlled Prepubertal Children Using Insulin Pumps Are Characterized by Low Insulin to Carbohydrate Ratios and Short Duration of Insulin Action Time; Background: The "500 rule" has been used extensively to find the insulin to carbohydrate ratio (ICR) for carbohydrate counting (CC). Duration of insulin action (DIA) is often recommended to be set to 4 hours. Data are lacking on validating these routines in young children. Methods: ICR was calculated by dividing carbohydrate grams by insulin units. Insulin sensitivity factor (ISF) was defined by the 100 rule (100 divided by total daily insulin dose [TDD]). DIA was set to 3 hours. ICR, ISF, and DIA were adjusted continuously. Data for this retrospective analysis were taken from pump downloads at a routine visit. ICR and ISF were recalculated to rules (ICR/ISF multiplied by TDD). Results: A total of 21 prepubertal children aged 7.0 ± 2.3 (mean ± SD), range 2-10 years, with diabetes duration 3.0 ± 1.9, range 0.5-7.7 years, used the pump bolus calculator for CC. HbA1c IFCC (NGSP) was 53 ± 6 mmol/mol (7.0 ± 0.5%). None had experienced severe hypoglycemia (unconsciousness/seizures) since diabetes diagnosis. TDD was 0.7 ± 0.1 U/kg/24 h (range 0.5-1.0), and the percentage basal insulin 38 ± 11%. Median breakfast rule was 211 (Q, quartiles 162;310), and for other meals 434 (Q 301;496). Median ISF rule was 113 (Q 100;128) in the morning, and 120 (Q 104;134) during the rest of the day. DIA was 2.6 ± 0.5 h (range 2-3) and target BG 5.3 ± 0.4 mmol/l (range 5.0-6.0). Conclusions: Prepubertal children seem to need more bolus insulin for meals than calculated from the 500 rule, especially at breakfast, but less insulin for corrections than calculated from the 100 rule. Two to 3 hours seems to be the appropriate range for DIA in this age group. ER  - 
Subclinical hypothyroidism in danish lean and obese children and adolescents; Objective: Thyroid abnormalities are common in obese children. The aim of the present study was to examine the prevalence of subclinical hypothyroidism (SH) and to determine how circulating thyroid hormone concentrations correlate with anthropometrics in Danish lean and obese children and adolescents. Methods: In this cross-sectional study, we included 3006 children and adolescents, aged 6-18 years, from the Registry of the Danish Childhood Obesity Biobank. The overweight/obese group (n=1796) consisted of study participants with a body mass index (BMI) standard deviation score (SDS) ≥1.28. The control group (n=1210) comprised lean children with a BMI SDS <1.28. All participants were characterized by anthropometrics (weight, height, and waist circumference) and fasting serum concentrations of thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH), free triiodothyronine, and free thyroxine (fT4) at baseline. Results: The prevalence of SH was higher among overweight/obese compared to lean study participants (10.4% vs. 6.4%, p=0.0001). In the overweight/obese group, fasting serum TSH concentrations were associated positively with BMI SDS (p<0.0001) and waist-height ratio (WHtR) (p<0.0001) independent of age, sex, and pubertal developmental stage, whereas fasting serum fT4 concentrations were associated positively only with WHtR. The odds ratio of exhibiting SH was 1.8 when being overweight/obese compared with lean (p=0.0007) and 1.8 when presenting with a WHtR >0.5 (p=0.0003). Conclusion: The prevalence of SH was higher among overweight/obese study participants. The positive correlations of circulating TSH and fT4 with WHtR suggest that central obesity, independent of the overall degree of obesity, augments the risk of concurrent thyroid abnormalities in children and adolescents with obesity. ER  - 
Association between endocrine diseases and serous otitis media in children; Objective: Otitis media with effusion (OME) is a condition in which fluid is retained in the middle ear cavity. The association between endocrine disorders and OME has not yet been determined. This study aimed to investigate the presence of OME in children diagnosed with an endocrine disease and the relationship between these two conditions. Methods: The study was conducted on 918 pediatric patients (440 boys, 478 girls; mean age: 8.40, range 3-15 years) and 158 healthy controls (76 boys, 79 girls; mean age: 8.31, range 3-15 years). All children underwent an ear examination and a tympanometry performed by an otorhinolaryngologist. Tympanometry results were used to diagnose OME. Results: OME was detected in 205 (22.3%) of 918 patients and in 19 (12.0%) of 158 subjects in the control group. The difference in frequency of OME between the two groups was statistically significant (p=0.003). Conclusion: The results of the study reveal that there may be a tendency towards the occurrence of OME in pediatric endocrinology patients. ER  - 
A qualitative study to explore the views of people living with lipodystrophy and its implications on body image; Background: Lipodystrophy refers to a group of rare conditions characterised by a generalised or partial lack of body fat and is associated with severe metabolic problems e.g. severe insulin resistance, diabetes and pancreatitis. In addition to its metabolic roles, adipose tissue has a major impact on appearance and causes distressing physical changes. While global research investigates diagnosis and management, there is essentially no published research investigating the psychological effects of appearance. Aims: To document the impact of lipodystrophy on body image and how it affects patients' daily lives. Methods: Following ethical approval, participants with lipodystrophy were purposively sampled from the National Severe Insulin Resistance Service and invited to take part in a semi-structured interview. Eleven (10 female, 1 male) interviews were conducted and digitally recorded. Data were analysed using an inductive thematic approach. Results: Participants spoke of distressing cosmetic effects e.g. lack of fat and hirsutism, contributing to negative body image. Puberty was highlighted as a particularly challenging time when physical differences became more prominent. It was reported that for some, feelings of worthlessness led to not taking medication. Participants reported frustration about needing to explain lipodystrophy to healthcare professionals and being subjected to questioning about appearance. Psychological support was felt to be lacking but needed. Conclusion: Lipodystrophy contributes to negative body image affecting patients' daily lives, and psychological support is widely wanted alongside medical management. Further research is needed to determine how best to deliver psychological support and to evaluate its impact on wellbeing and potentially metabolic management. ER  - 
Are aromatase inhibitors in boys with predicted short stature and/or rapidly advancing bone age effective and safe?; Background: The aim of this study was to assess aromatase inhibitor (AI) efficacy in increasing predicted adult height (PAH) and to describe clinical and biochemical safety profiles of AI-treated boys. Methods: A retrospective chart review was conducted at an academic children's hospital endocrinology clinic. Twenty-one boys with predicted short stature and/or rapidly advancing bone age, divided as Tanner stage (TS) I-III Group 1 (G1, n = 9) and TS IV-V Group 2 (G2, n = 12), were treated with AIs, either letrozole or anastrozole (mean duration, G1: 2.4 years and G2: 0.9 years). Primary outcomes included PAH, hormonal/biochemical analytes, and clinical data. Results: PAH did not significantly change in either group. Mean peak testosterone significantly increased from baseline to 650 ± 458 ng/dL (p = 0.008) in G1 and to 1156 ± 302 ng/dL (p = 0.002) in G2. Estradiol did not significantly change in either group. Compared to baseline, G2 showed increased mean FSH (p = 0.002), LH (p = 0.002), hematocrit (p = 0.0001), body mass index (BMI) z-score (p = 0.0005), and acne (p = 0.01). Conclusions: AIs did not increase PAH, regardless of TS. Boys in late puberty had significant increases in testosterone, gonadotropins, hematocrit, acne, and BMI, but no reduction in estradiol. The potential consequences of these findings are concerning and require long-term study, especially if AIs are started in late puberty. ER  - 
Lean body mass and bone health in urban adolescents from northern India; Objective: To prepare percentile charts of lean body mass (LBM) among Indian urban children and adolescents; and to evaluate gender differences in LBM, and its relation with pubertal status. Design: Secondary data analysis. Setting: School in city of Delhi, India. Participants: 1403 apparently healthy children and adolescents (826 boys) with mean (SD) age 13.2 (2.7) years. Outcome measures: Lean body mass assessed by dual energy absorptiometry. Results: Total and regional lean mass were greater in older age groups in both sexes. LBM showed rising trends up to the age of 18 years in boys, whereas it plateaued after the age of 15 years in girls. The age-associated increase in LBM was significantly higher in boys (130%) compared to girls (83%) (P<0.001). Total and regional lean mass increased with progression of pubertal staging in both genders. During pubertal development, LBM almost doubled (100% increase) from stage-2 to stage-5 in boys, as opposed to a 73% rise in girls (P<0.001). Total and regional lean mass and Appendicular skeletal muscle mass index (ASMI) was positively correlated with age, body mass index (BMI), serum 25(OH)D, total fat mass, and bone mineral content (BMC). Relation between LBM and BMC remained significant even after adjusting for age, fat mass and various biochemical parameters. Conclusion: Total and regional LBM rise with age and pubertal maturation in both genders, but more so in boys when compared to girls. LBM has direct bearing on BMC even after adjusting for age, fat mass and biochemical parameters. ER  - 
Expanding the genetic spectrum of ANOS1 mutations in patients with congenital hypogonadotropic hypogonadism; STUDY QUESTION: What is the prevalence and functional consequence of ANOS1 (KAL1) mutations in a group of men with congenital hypogonadotropic hypogonadism (CHH)? SUMMARY ANSWER: Three of forty-two (7.1%) patients presented ANOS1 mutations, including a novel splice site mutation leading to exon skipping and a novel contiguous gene deletion associated with ichthyosis. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: CHH is characterized by lack of pubertal development and infertility, due to deficient production, secretion or action of GnRH, and can be associated with anosmia/hyposmia (Kallmann syndrome, KS) or with a normal sense of smell (normosmic CHH). Mutations in the anosmin-1 (ANOS1) gene are responsible for the X-linked recessive form of KS. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: This cross-sectional study included 42 unrelated men with CHH (20 with KS and 22 with normosmic CHH). PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: Patients were screened for mutations in the ANOS1 gene by DNA sequencing. Identified mutations were further investigated by RT-PCR analysis and multiplex ligation-dependent probe amplification (MLPA) analysis. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: Hemizygous mutations were identified in three (7.1%) KS cases: a novel splice acceptor site mutation (c.542-1G>C), leading to skipping of exon 5 in the ANOS1 transcript in a patient with self-reported normosmia (but hyposmic upon testing); a recurrent nonsense mutation (c.571C>T, p.Arg191∗); and a novel 4.8 Mb deletion involving ANOS1 and eight other genes (VCX3B, VCX2, PNPLA4, VCX, STS, HDHD1, VCX3A and NLGN4X) in KS associated with ichthyosis. LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: Objective olfactory testing was not performed in all cases of self-reported normosmia and this may have underestimated the olfactory deficits. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: This study further expands the spectrum of known genetic defects associated with CHH and suggests that patients with self-reported normal olfactory function should not be excluded from ANOS1 genetic testing. ER  - 
Longitudinal trajectories of metaboliccontrol from childhood to young adulthood in type 1 diabetes from a large German/ austrian registry: A group-based modeling approach; OBJECTIVE Worsening of glycemic control in type 1 diabetes during puberty is a common observation. However, HbA1c remains stable or even improves for some youths. The aim is to identify distinct patterns of glycemic control in type 1 diabetes from childhood to young adulthood. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS A total of 6,433 patients with type 1 diabetes were selected from the prospective, multicenter diabetes patient registry Diabetes-Patienten-Verlaufsdokumentation (DPV) (follow-up from age 8 to 19 years, baseline diabetes duration 2 years, HbA1c aggregated per year of life).We used latent class growth modeling as the trajectory approach to determine distinct subgroups following a similar trajectory for HbA1c over time. RESULTS Five distinct longitudinal trajectories of HbA1c were determined, comprising group 1 = 40%, group 2 = 27%, group 3 = 15%, group 4 = 13%, and group 5 = 5% of patients. Groups 1-3 indicated stable glycemic control at different HbA1c levels. At baseline, similar HbA1c was observed in group 1 and group 4, but HbA1c deteriorated in group 4 from age 8 to 19 years. Similar patterns were present in group 3 and group 5.We observed differences in self-monitoring of blood glucose, insulin therapy, daily insulin dose, physical activity, BMI SD score, body-height SD score, and migration background across all HbA1c trajectories (all P < 0.001). No sex differences were present. Comparing groups with similar initial HbA1c but different patterns, groups with higher HbA1c increase were characterized by lower frequency of self-monitoring of blood glucose and physical activity and reduced height (all P < 0.01). CONCLUSIONS Using a trajectory approach, we determined five distinct longitudinal patterns of glycemic control from childhood to early adulthood. Diabetes self-care, treatment differences, and demographics were related to different HbA1c courses . ER  - 
Reproductive factors associated with subclinical vascular measures at late midlife: Swan; Background: Sex-specific features, including adverse pregnancy outcomes (i.e., gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes), have been associated with increased risk for CVD. However, there is limited research characterizing these associations with menopause features or with subclinical vascular measures at late midlife, when CVD risk increases. Objective: To evaluate associations between reproductive factors (i.e. gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, and gestational diabetes) with validated and reliable markers of subclinical vascular damage and remodeling; carotid intima-media thickness (cIMT), adventitial diameter (cAD), carotid plaque presence, and brachial-ankle pulse wave velocity (baPWV). Methods: A cross-sectional analysis was conducted with 1454 women (50% white, 31% black, 6% Hispanic, 13% Chinese) from the Study of Women's Health Across the Nation (SWAN). Women were included if they completed a detailed reproductive history questionnaire and had a carotid ultrasound at visit 12 or 13. baPWV was performed at the same follow-up visit. Associations between reproductive history and subclinical CVD were tested using linear and logistic regression models adjusting for demographics and traditional CVD risk factors (age, site, race/ethnicity, financial strain, BMI, SBP, LDL-c, HDL-c, HOMA-IR). Additional models were adjusted for sex hormone levels and number of births. Results: Women were on average 60 years old and mostly postmenopausal (94%). Two hundred fifty-six women (18%) were nulliparous. Approximately 10% of parous women had a self-reported history of gestational hypertension or preeclampsia, and 4% reported gestational diabetes. Among parous women, gestational hypertension was associated with higher mean cIMT (β±SE=0.053±0.015mm; P=0.0003) and preeclampsia was associated with higher odds of plaque (OR=1.7; 95% CI: 1.1, 2.6; P=0.01) in fully adjusted models. History of gestational diabetes was related to higher baPWV (β±SE=64.6±28.4cm/s; P=0.009). Associations between adverse pregnancy outcomes and subclinical vascular measures remained significant after adjusting for baseline estradiol and number of births. Compared to nulliparous women, parity≥3 was associated with higher cAD (β±SE=0.10±0.05mm; P=0.02) when controlling for demographics, but not after adjustment for CVD risk factors. Age at menarche, age at menopause, hormone ever use, and bilateral oophorectomy were not associated with subclinical vascular measures at late midlife. Conclusions: Adverse pregnancy outcomes (i.e., gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, and gestational diabetes) converge to put women at excess risk for CVD, but may affect the vasculature through distinct pathways. Further studies are necessary to assess the joint effects of early and late midlife reproductive factors on future CVD. ER  - 
Glycemic control and weight in a pediatric diabetes clinic over time: Gender differences in children with type 1 diabetes between the ages of 9-17 years; Research shows women with type 1 diabetes (T1D) face a disproportionately increased risk for development of cardiovascular disease (CVD) compared to men. We posit, adolescence may be a critical time period for CVD risk development. Our study examined the effects on gender differences in Hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) and Body Mass Index z-score (BMIz) across puberty in children with T1D in a large pediatric diabetes specialty clinic. A total of 733 T1D children (M=355, F=378) aged 9-17 with a total of 21,534 visits from the Barbara Davis Center were suitable for this retrospective cohort study. To exam HbA1c and BMIz overtime by gender we used a linear mixed model with SAS version 9.4. HbA1c increased with age in both genders (p<0.0001), but there was a greater increase in girls across adolescence (sex by age interaction, p<0.0007). BMIz increased with age in girls only (sex by age interaction, p<0.0001). Teenagers had worse glycemic control than younger children, and girls had worse glycemic control with greater obesity rates than boys. This gender difference in glycemic control and obesity during puberty may explain the increased CVD risk seen in women with T1D compared to men. ER  - 
Greater dietary fiber consumption is associated with lower insulin resistance and blood pressure in adolescents; Introduction: Greater dietary fiber intake has shown cardiometabolic benefits in adults. Previously, we have shown that dietary fiber intake is inversely associated with adiposity and inflammation in youth. However, evidence of the relations of fiber intake to insulin resistance and blood pressure in adolescents is lacking. Hypothesis: We hypothesized that greater daily dietary fiber intake would be associated with lower insulin resistance and blood pressure. Additionally, insulin resistance may mediate the relationship between fiber intake and blood pressure. Methods: Seven hundred and sixty-six Southeastern US adolescents from age 14 to 18 were recruited (50.3% females; 49.2% African-Americans). Diet was assessed via four to seven independent 24-hour recalls. Seated systolic blood pressure (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) were measured five times at 1 minute intervals after 10 minute rest and the last three measurements were averaged. Percent body fat (%BF) was measured by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry. Fasting blood samples were measured for fasting glucose and fasting insulin. Homeostatic Model Assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) was then calculated. Results: Multiple linear regressions with bootstrapping, adjusting for age, sex, race, Tanner stage, %BF, and energy intake, revealed that dietary total fiber intake was negatively associated with HOMA-IR, SBP, and DBP (standardized β =-0.22, β =-0.09, and β =-0.12; all p < 0.05). Subcategorizing fiber into soluble and insoluble fiber revealed that both types were negatively associated with HOMA-IR (p< 0.01). However, only soluble fiber intake was negatively associated with both SBP and DBP (all p< 0.01). No significant race and gender interactions with fiber were identified. Furthermore, a mediation test identified HOMA-IR as a mediator between soluble fiber intake and SBP and DBP (95% CI:-0.34;-0.04; 95% CI:-0.15;-0.01 respectively). Conclusions: Our data suggest that greater consumption of fiber may reduce insulin resistance and blood pressure in adolescents. Furthermore, insulin resistance may mediate the relationship between soluble fiber intake and blood pressure. ER  - 
Prospective study of hypothalamo-hypophyseal dysfunction in children and adolescents following traumatic brain injury; RESULTS: The median age at the time of injury was 11.3 (0.5 to 18.7) years. Of the 58 patients, 23 had GCS < 8, corresponding to severe brain injury. At T0, diabetes insipidus (DI) was diagnosed in 12 patients, and the syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion (SIADH) was found in 4 patients. Frequent hormonal changes simulated central hypothyroidism (in 45% of patients) and hypogonadotropic hypogonadism (in 25% of adolescents who were already pubertal at the time of injury > Tanner II). Examination at T3 (n = 58) confirmed a combined pituitary hormone deficiency in two boys and DI in another one. At T6 (n = 49), hormonal dysfunctions were diagnosed in two boys (precocious puberty and growth hormone deficiency). At T12 (n = 39), a new endocrine dysfunction was diagnosed in five patients (growth hormone deficiency in two, hypogonadotropic hypogonadism in two, and in one patient, already diagnosed with a growth hormone deficiency, central hypothyroidism, as well). Brain MRI revealed an empty sella in two patients with growth hormone deficiency. Patients with GCS < 8 had more symptoms of SIADH or DI in the early post-traumatic period 11/23 vs. patients with GCS of 8 to 13 (4/35), and more frequent hormonal disorder (6/23) than individuals with moderate trauma (3/35), P = 0.0135. The incidence of endocrine dysfunction at T0 significantly correlated with the severity of injury (P = 0.05), but it was not an indicator for the development of a late hormonal disorder. CONCLUSION: Within a year after injury, a hormonal disorder was found in 17.6% of the patients. Neuroendocrine dysfunction as a late consequence of craniocerebral trauma in children and adolescents was less frequent than in adults. Risk factors for its development are the gravity of the injury, brain scan pathology, and possibly the development of DI, SIADH, or CSWS in the acute post-traumatic phase. BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Retrospective studies of TBI have found a neuroendocrine dysfunction following traumatic brain injury in 23 to 60% of adults and 15 to 21% of children. Our aims were to determine the prevalence of hypothalamo-hypophyseal dysfunction in children following brain injury, assess its relationship to the type of injury and the course of the acute post-traumatic phase. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Body development (growth, pubertal development, and skeletal maturity) were evaluated in 58 patients (21 girls) after a brain injury rated 3 to 12 on the Glasgow Coma Scale (GCS). The patients underwent standard endocrine tests - TSH, fT4, IGF-1, PRL, morning cortisol, FSH, LH, and testosterone in boys and estradiol in girls - in the early post-traumatic period (2 to 14 days; T0) and at 3, 6, and 12 months after the injury (T3, T6, and T12). Dynamic tests were carried out in patients with abnormalities in their clinical examination and/or laboratory results. An MRI was performed on all patients at T12. ER  - 
The prevalence and prediction of endocrinopathies in patients with thalassaemia major; Introduction: Thalassaemia major is an inherited haemoglobinopathy characterised by chronic anaemia. Excessive iron overload and suboptimal chelation result in deposition of iron in various tissues including endocrine glands. Objective: To estimate the prevalence and age of onset of common endocrinopathies in patients with thalassaemia major and risk factors for developing these complications among sample of Sri Lankan population. Materials and Methods: Cross sectional descriptive study of patients with thalassaemia major on active follow up in June 2015 to 2016 at Teaching Hospital Batticaloa, Sri Lanka were evaluated. Height, weight, and tanner staging for pubertal development, serum ferritin, oral glucose tolerance test, bone profile, liver and renal function, thyroid function, cortisol for all patients and FSH, LH, testosterone or oestradiol for girls over 13 years of age and boys over 14 years of age were assessed. Results: A total of 95 patients including 50 females and 45 males with mean age of 12.27 ± 4.6 years were evaluated. Short stature was found in 57.5%, while 78.6% had hypogonadism. Hypocalcaemia was present in 37.5% and 25% had hypothyroidism. Diabetes mellitus and impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) were found in 7.5% and 13.2% respectively. Only 2.1% had cortisol deficiency. Age onset for developing endocrinopathies were as follows: Hypothyroidism; 3 years, short stature; 5 years, hypocalcaemia; 9 years, IGT; 9 years, diabetes; 10 years and cortisol deficiency; 14 years. Patients with serum ferritin level more than 2,500 ng/mL had increased risk to develop hypocalcaemia (p = 0.05). Even though not statistically significant hypothyroidism, hypogonadism, short stature and IGT were prevalent in this group (p = 0.48, p = 0.50, p = 0.54 and p = 0.19 respectively). The longer the duration of thalassaemia, the higher the risk for developing hypocalcaemia (p = 0.00), short stature (p = 0.026), and IGT (p = 0.017), but statistically no difference was found in the prevalence of hypothyroidism (p = 0.085), hypogonadism (p = 0.484), cortisol deficiency (p = 0.118) and diabetes (p = 0.844). Conclusions: A significant proportion of thalassaemia major patients have endocrinopathies. Hypothyroidism and short stature develop very early and other endocrinopathies also develop earlier indicating the need for early screening compared to the recommended guidelines. As the duration of thalassaemia increases the risk for developing endocrinopathies is high. ER  - 
Assessment of micronutrient levels and their relationship with components of metabolic syndrome in children and adolescents and with obesity and metabolic syndrome; Introduction: Obesity is an important public health issue in Turkey. In obesity caused by uniform nutrition, vitamin deficiencies can be seen in obesity when compared to healthy children. In this topic, there are studies on vitamin and mineral deficiencies, indicating discrepant results. In this study, we assessed vitamin and micronutrient levels in children and adolescents with obesity, metabolic syndrome, and healthy controls. Material and method: The study included 61 patients with obesity, 51 patients with metabolic syndrome and 59 healthy controls aged 10-16 years. Obesity was defined by using BMI percentiles adjusted to age and gender in CDC 2000. The children with BMI≥95th percentile were considered as obese. The 10-16 year-old group was included in the metabolic syndrome group who met IDF diagnostic criteria. The children without known chronic disease who had height and body weight values within normal range were employed as controls. In all subjects, physical examination and pubertal assessment were performed. In addition, waist circumference and systolic blood pressure measurements were performed. BMI and relative index (RI) were calculated and recorded. In all subjects, fasting blood glucose, triglyceride, HDL, LDL, total cholesterol, insulin, vitamin A, vitamin E, vitamin B1, vitamin B2, vitamin B12, folic acid and free carnitine levels were studied. HOMA-IR index was calculated. Results: The study included 61 children diagnosed as obesity, 51 children diagnosed as metabolic syndrome and 59 healthy controls. Mean age was 11.8±2.1 years. Mean body weight, height and waist circumference were 58,9±24 kg, 149,9±14,5 cm and range 79,2±13,7 cm respectively. Mean BMI was calculated as 25,2±6,6 kg/m2. Mean triglyceride and LDL levels were found to be significantly higher in children with metabolic syndrome. Mean HDL level was found to be significantly lower in children with metabolic syndrome. Serum insulin level and HOMA-IR values were found to be significantly higher in obese children and in those with metabolic syndrome. No significant differences were found in vitamin A, vitamin B6 and free carnitine levels among groups. Mean vitamin E, vitamin B2, vitamin B12 and folic acid levels were found to be significantly lower in obese children and in those with metabolic syndrome. Mean vitamin B1 level was found to be significantly higher in obese children and in those with metabolic syndrome when compared to healthy controls. Conclusion: Obesity as a result of monotype nutrition, may cause vitamin deficiencies like our study in proportion to healthy children. Curtail step healthcare organizations must be interested for routine physical examinations, nutrition training, psychological counseling for children with obesity and metabolic syndrome. ER  - 
Thyroid dysfunction and hepatic steatosis in overweight children and adolescents; Background: Overt or subclinical hypothyroidism is a common finding in adult populations affected by non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Currently, there are only sparse data available on the association of thyroid dysfunction and NAFLD in obese children and adolescents. Objective: The study aims to investigate the association of thyroid function test values with NAFLD and metabolic risk factors in a population of obese children and adolescents. Methods: A total of 332 overweight and obese children and adolescents (170 girls) aged between 10 and 19 years were analysed. Subjects underwent ultrasound examination of the liver. Thyroid function was evaluated by laboratory determination of thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH), total triiodothyronine (T3) and total thyroxine levels. All included subjects were either euthyroid or had subclinical hypothyroidism (TSH > 4 μU mL−1, normal thyroxine). Further metabolic profiling included the determination of lipid status, insulin and liver function tests. Anthropometric parameters body mass index, waist and hip circumference were documented. Results: The prevalence of hepatic steatosis was 29.8%. Subjects with NAFLD had significantly higher TSH levels than those without (p = 0.0007). After dividing TSH values into quartiles, both univariate and multivariate analyses (adjusted for age, body mass index–standard deviation scores and stage of puberty) showed a significant association with hepatic steatosis (p < 0.05). Conclusion: Taking possible variables into consideration, our results show that there is a significant association between hepatic steatosis and the TSH levels in obese children and adolescents. Mild thyroid dysfunction may therefore have a role in determining an unfavourable metabolic profile in obese children and adolescents. ER  - 
Oestradiol levels may differ between premenopausal women, ages 18–50, with type 1 diabetes and matched controls; Background: This study aimed to investigate whether oestradiol differs between premenopausal women with and without type 1 diabetes and whether levels are associated with such factors as age, reproductive history or diabetes management. Methods: Oestradiol in premenopausal women with type 1 diabetes (n = 89; age = 18–50 years; duration = 13–18 years) and age-matched/race-matched controls without diabetes (n = 76) was collected during a cross-sectional ancillary study of the Wisconsin Diabetes Registry Study, a population-based incident cohort. Total and bioavailable oestradiol and sex hormone-binding globulin were compared using multivariable regression (e.g. adjusting for reproductive history). Results: Adjusted mean total and bioavailable oestradiol did not differ overall by diabetes status (p ≥ 0.74), while adjusted mean sex hormone-binding globulin was higher in type 1 diabetes women (p = 0.02). However, only in women with type 1 diabetes and not controls (interaction p = 0.0005) was total oestradiol positively associated with the duration of reproductive years with unsuppressed ovarian function (UnsuppOvFx = years since menarche minus years on hormonal contraceptives/pregnant/breastfeeding). When stratified into less than/equal to or greater than the median 9 years' duration of UnsuppOvFx, compared with controls, women with type 1 diabetes had significantly lower total oestradiol in the ≤9 years group [β = −43.2 pg mL−1 (−158.6 pmol L−1), p = 0.04] and significantly higher total oestradiol in the >9 years group [β = 53.9 pg mL−1 (197.9 pmol L−1), p = 0.04]. Results remained consistent during additional statistical adjustments and sensitivity analyses. Conclusions: Compared with controls, women with type 1 diabetes may have lower oestradiol when they have a shorter duration of UnsuppOvFx and higher oestradiol when they have a longer duration of UnsuppOvFx. Given the potential effects of insulin on ovarian function, oestradiol production may vary across the lifespan for women with type 1 diabetes. Copyright © 2016 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Impaired glucose metabolism and bronchial hyperresponsiveness in obese prepubertal asthmatic children; Introduction: The prevalence of asthma and obesity has risen in parallel over the last decades, but the exact mechanisms linking these two diseases still remain unclear. The aim of the present study was to investigate the associations between bronchial hyperresponsiveness (BHR), impaired glucose metabolism, obesity, and asthma in prepubertal children. Methods: A total of 71 prepubertal children were included in the study and divided in four groups according to the presence of asthma and their Body Mass Index (BMI): Group 1-Healthy Controls (HC), Group 2-Non Obese Asthmatics (NOA), Group 3-Obese Non Asthmatics (ONA), Group 4-Obese Asthmatics (OA) Αll children underwent spirometry and bronchial hyperresponsiveness testing by using the cumulative Provoking Dose of mannitol (PD15, primary study variable); homeostasis model assessment-estimated insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) index was calculated in order to evaluate insulin resistance. Obese children also underwent an oral glucose tolerance testing (OGTT). Results: A statistically significant difference in bronchial hyperreactivity (mean ± SD) was detected in the group of obese asthmatic children who had lower values ​​of PD15, (174.16 ± 126.42) as compared to normal weight asthmatic children (453.93 ± 110.27), (P < 0.001). Moreover, obese asthmatic children with confirmed insulin resistance (HOMA-IR ≥2.5), had significantly lower PD15 values (89.05 ± 42.75) as ​​compared to those with HOMA-IR <2.5 (259.27 ± 125.75), (P = 0.006). Finally, obese asthmatic children with impaired OGTT had likewise significantly lower PD15 (81.02 ± 42.16) measurements as compared to children with normal OGTT (267.3 ± 112.62), (P = 0.001). Conclusion: Our findings suggest that obesity per se does not correlate to airway hyperreactivity unless it is accompanied by glucose intolerance and insulin resistance. Pediatr Pulmonol. 2017;52:160–166. © 2016 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. ER  - 
Is impaired glucose metabolism the missing piece in the obesity-asthma puzzle?; Obesity is a major risk factor for several conditions including atherosclerotic disease, metabolic syndrome, and upper airway dysfunction. However, the purported link between obesity and asthma has remained more difficult to define, in part due to limitations in past epidemiologic studies and the inherent challenge in accurately defining asthma in children. It is possible that obesity leads to asthma only in the presence of a mediating variable such as an obesity-related conditions such as esophageal reflux or insulin resistance. The article by Karampatakis and colleagues in this week's edition of the journal is important because it addresses the hypothesis that altered glucose metabolism/insulin resistance associates with bronchial hyperresponsiveness (BHR), a central and objectively measured marker of asthma. They studied pre-pubertal children with and without asthma with a range of body mass indices and found for the first time in pre-pubertal asthmatic children that both insulin resistance and impaired glucose tolerance were more closely related to BHR than was obesity. Their work opens the way for directed mechanistic study of the effects of impaired glucose metabolism on airway development during childhood and airway responsiveness, and for the study of insulin sensitizing therapies in children to prevent lower airway disease. Pediatr Pulmonol. 2017;52:147–150. © 2016 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. ER  - 
Adult body size, sexual history and adolescent sexual development, may predict risk of developing prostate cancer: Results from the New South Wales Lifestyle and Evaluation of Risk Study (CLEAR); Prostate cancer (PC) is the most common non-cutaneous cancer in men worldwide. The relationships between PC and possible risk factors for PC cases (n = 1,181) and male controls (n = 875) from the New South Wales (NSW) Cancer, Lifestyle and Evaluation of Risk Study (CLEAR) were examined in this study. The associations between PC risk and paternal history of PC, body mass index (BMI), medical conditions, sexual behaviour, balding pattern and puberty, after adjusting for age, income, region of birth, place of residence, and PSA testing, were examined. Adjusted risk of PC was higher for men with a paternal history of PC (OR = 2.31; 95%CI: 1.70–3.14), personal history of prostatitis (OR = 2.30; 95%CI: 1.44–3.70), benign prostatic hyperplasia (OR = 2.29; 95%CI: 1.79–2.93), being overweight (vs. normal; OR = 1.24; 95%CI: 0.99–1.55) or obese (vs. normal; OR = 1.44; 95%CI: 1.09–1.89), having reported more than seven sexual partners in a lifetime (vs. < 3 partners; OR = 2.00; 95%CI: 1.49–2.68), and having reported more than 5 orgasms a month prior to PC diagnosis (vs. ≤3 orgasms; OR = 1.59; 95%CI: 1.18–2.15). PC risk was lower for men whose timing of puberty was later than their peers (vs. same as peers; OR = 0.75; 95%CI: 0.59–0.97), and a smaller risk reduction of was observed in men whose timing of puberty was earlier than their peers (vs. same as peers; OR = 0.85; 95%CI: 0.61–1.17). No associations were found between PC risk and vertex balding, erectile function, acne, circumcision, vasectomy, asthma or diabetes. These results support a role for adult body size, sexual activity, and adolescent sexual development in PC development. ER  - 
Baseline Characteristics and Gender Differences in Prepubertal Children Treated with Growth Hormone in Europe, USA, and Japan: 25 Years' KIGS® Experience (1987-2012) and Review; Background: Information about disease-specific and gender-Associated differences over longer time of short children treated with recombinant human growth hormone is missing. Methods: We analyzed data at growth hormone (GH) start in prepubertal children diagnosed with idiopathic GH deficiency (IGHD), congenital GHD, acquired GHD, idiopathic short stature (ISS), and born small for gestational age (SGA) enrolled (1987-2012) in the Pfizer International Growth Study (KIGS®) from Europe, USA, and Japan. Results: The demographic characteristics of patients in the three regions were similar. There was a diagnosis-specific pattern for age and height, and a universal pattern showing that girls were younger and smaller at GH start. There was a predominance of males with IGHD (n = 25,703; 70.1%), congenital GHD (n = 2,860; 63.9%), acquired GHD (n = 3,280; 63.9%), ISS (n = 4,327; 71.4%), and SGA (n = 5,848; 58.0%). Male prevalence in the USA population was more pronounced in IGHD, ISS, and SGA, but less so in congenital and acquired GHD. In IGHD (Europe and Japan) and ISS (Europe), there was a trend toward decreasing male prevalence. Conclusions: The male prevalence in prepubertal children treated with GH varies according to geographical region and is not explained by the underlying diagnoses. A global appreciation of gender biases is required for the proper care of short girls. ER  - 
Early BMI Gain and Later Height Growth Predicts Higher DHEAS Concentrations in 7-Year-Old Chilean Children; Background: Accelerated weight and height gain in infancy have been associated with premature adrenarche. However, the exact tempo of these events remains undefined. Thus, our goal was to assess the relationship between early BMI and height growth in different periods before 7 years of age and plasma DHEAS levels at 7 years of age. Methods: This is a longitudinal follow-up of participants of the Growth and Obesity Chilean Cohort Study (GOCS) that represents Chilean children from low-to middle-income families. The subjects were 972 children (48% girls) with birth weights of 2,500-4,500 g for whom serial weight and height measurements from birth until 7 years were available. At 7 years of age, we also measured DHEAS, IGF-I, leptin, insulin, and other metabolic markers in serum. The main outcome of interest was plasma DHEAS concentrations at 7 years of age. Results: At 7 years of age, children with DHEAS >75th percentile of the sample were taller and fatter and presented higher HOMA-IR and IGF-I than their counterparts (p < 0.05). Children with higher DHEAS were heavier at 4 years of age and beyond compared to their counterparts (higher BMI [BMI SDS at 4 years: 1.16, 95% CI 1.02-1.29 vs. 0.83, 95% CI 0.76-0.91, p < 0.001]) and taller at 7 years of age (height SDS at 7 years: 0.19, 95% CI-0.08 to 0.31 vs.-0.001, 95% CI-0.06 to 0.06, p < 0.005). Conclusions: We observed weight and BMI from 2 to 4 years, and height gains from 4 to 7 years were associated with higher DHEAS levels at 7 years. ER  - 
Safety Outcomes and Near-Adult Height Gain of Growth Hormone-Treated Children with SHOX Deficiency: Data from an Observational Study and a Clinical Trial; Background/Aims: To assess auxological and safety data for growth hormone (GH)-Treated children with SHOX deficiency. Methods: Data were examined for GH-Treated SHOX-deficient children (n = 521) from the observational Genetics and Neuroendocrinology of Short Stature International Study (GeNeSIS). For patients with near-Adult height information, GeNeSIS results (n = 90) were compared with a clinical trial (n = 28) of SHOX-deficient patients. Near-Adult height was expressed as standard deviation score (SDS) for chronological age, potentially increasing the observed effect of treatment. Results: Most SHOX-deficient patients in GeNeSIS had diagnoses of Leri-Weill syndrome (n = 292) or non-syndromic short stature (n = 228). For GeNeSIS patients with near-Adult height data, mean age at GH treatment start was 11.0 years, treatment duration 4.4 years, and height SDS gain 0.83 (95% confidence interval 0.49-1.17). Respective ages, GH treatment durations and height SDS gains for GeNeSIS patients prepubertal at baseline (n = 42) were 9.2 years, 6.0 years and 1.19 (0.76-1.62), and for the clinical trial cohort they were 9.2 years, 6.0 years and 1.25 (0.92-1.58). No new GH-related safety concerns were identified. Conclusion: Patients with SHOX deficiency who had started GH treatment before puberty in routine clinical practice had a similar height gain to that of patients in the clinical trial on which approval for the indication was based, with no new safety concerns. ER  - 
Instability of different adolescent metabolic syndrome definitions tracked into early adulthood metabolic syndrome: Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study (TLGS); Background and objective: There are substantial controversies about the clinical utility of adolescent metabolic syndrome (MetS). The current study examined the stability of adolescent MetS by assessing the agreement and discriminative abilities of four different definitions of adolescent MetS and the adult MetS definition during a 10.4-yr follow up. Subjects and Methods: For this study, 1424 adolescents (55.2% female), who participated in the framework of the Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study were included. Kappa was calculated for agreement between adolescent MetS definitions [Cook, de Ferranti, pediatric National Cholesterol Education Program (NCEP) and pediatric International Diabetes Federation (IDF)] and the adulthood MetS definition defined by the joint interim statement (JIS) criteria. MetS persistence, instability, and incidence were assessed, and for each of the four adolescent definitions, sensitivity, specificity, and area under receiver operating curve (AUC) for the counting of categorical adulthood MetS components was evaluated. Results: The agreement between the four adolescent MetS definitions and JIS was poor (κ = 0.094–0.255). All definitions showed low sensitivity and high specificity, except for de Ferranti's, which contrary to other definitions, had higher sensitivity and lower specificity. All four adolescent definitions revealed generally low AUCs (0.601–0.647). Compared with the pubertal group (11–14 yr), the predictive power was slightly higher in the late-pubertal group (15–18 yr). Cook's and de Ferranti's definitions showed fairly better predictive powers (0.647 and 0.644, respectively). Across all definitions, instability ranged between 5.4 and 19.6%. Conclusion: The adolescent definitions show considerable amount of instability defined as poor agreement and low discriminative abilities tracked into early adulthood. ER  - 
The prevalence of dyslipidemia and associated factors in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes; Dyslipidemia increases the frequency and severity of micro and macrovascular complications of type 1 diabetes (T1D). The present study aims to determine the prevalence of dyslipidemia and its association with clinical and laboratory findings in diabetic children and adolescents. The study included 202 children and adolescents with T1D. Demographic data and laboratory findings were obtained from patients files. Dyslipidemia prevalence was found to be 26.2%. Hypercholesterolemia (15.8%) and hyperglyceridemia (12.9%) were most common findings. Age, body mass index (BMI), hemoglobin A1c (A1C) and poor metabolic control were significantly higher in cases with dyslipidemia. Smoking rate was 14.1% in the pubertal group. Poor metabolic control and dyslipidemia was found higher among smokers (p<0.05). Blood lipid levels should be monitored regularly and nutrition education should be repeated periodically to prevent and control dyslipidemia in patients with T1D. Smoking-related risks should be a part of patient education in the pubertal period. ER  - 
Hidradenitis suppurativa in the paediatric and elderly population: Our hospital experience; Introduction: Hidradenitis suppurativa (HS) is a chronic and recurrent inflammatory disorder of the hair follicles that affects apocrine gland. The onset generally occurs between the second and third decade (1,2). Prepubertal and pubertal onset is uncommon, and it is estimated to occur in about the 1-2% of patients with HS. (1,3). In the paediatric population is more frequent to find a hormonal imbalance and a positive family history (FH) than adults with HS. Other disorders reported in paediatric HS are obesity, metabolic syndrome, and genetics disease as Down syndrome (DS). By other hand, characteristics of elderly patients with HS are not well reported in the English literature. We reported 16 cases of HS in paediatric and 2 cases in elderly population Methods: We collected data from 194 patients given the diagnosis of HS in The Department of Dermatology at the HUGTiP. A retrospective study was made. Patient characteristics were collected from the medical files. We consider childhood HS in patient whom developed the disease under the age of 18. Early-onset HS was defined as reported onset of the disease before pubertal (under 12-14 years). By other hand, elderly HS was consider in patient with late onset of HS, after the age of 65 years. Results: A total of 16/194 paediatrics patient were included, 12 (75%) girls and 4 (25%) boys. The mean onset age was 12.187 years. Early onset of HS was reported by 10 patients (62.5%) and the youngest patient was 5 years at the time of onset. Early puberty was reported in 3 girls (25% of girls) and 1 boy (25% of boys); 2 of these patients have DS. Other diseases reported in our patients were obesity (18.725), polycystic ovary syndrome (8.33% of girls), hormonal disorder (hypothyroidism and hyperandrogenism -12.5%), Psychiatric disorder (25%), DS (18.75%) and pilonidal cyst (6.25%). FH of HS was reported in 5 patients (31.25%). Body sites most frequently affected were the inguinal (68.75%), axillary (56.25%) and gluteal (25%). A total of 2/194 patients reported late onset of HS, 1 women and 1 man, with a mean onset age of 67 years. Comorbidities reported were obesity, hypertension, and diabetes mellitus. The body site affected in both patients was inguinal/genital area. Conclusions: In this retrospective study we found slightly more paediatric HS prevalence than reported in English literature with 8.24% prevalence vs 7.7% reported. In our paediatric series we found similarly characteristics to those previously described. Female patients were predominant (75% vs 25%) as in adults. Early puberty was only reported in 25% of patients. Body sites most frequently affected were the same described. Related with elderly HS, we only have 2 patients experience, with onset age at 65 and 69 years old. We could not find any elderly series of HS to compare. We also report the clinical course and a review of treatment response in this series. ER  - 
Predictive Value of Dental Maturity for a Positive Gonadotropin-Releasing Hormone Stimulation Test Result in Girls with Precocious Puberty; Dental maturity is associated with skeletal maturity, which is advanced in girls with central precocious puberty (CPP). We investigated the performance of dental maturity as a screening method for CPP using mandibular second premolar and molar calcification stages, assessed the associated anthropometric and laboratory factors, and evaluated pubertal response predictors using the gonadotropin-releasing hormone stimulation test (GnRHST) in prepubertal and pubertal girls. A prospective case-control study was conducted in girls, aged 7.0-8.9 years, classified into pubertal (peak luteinizing hormone [LH] after GnRHST ≥ 5 IU/L), prepubertal (peak LH < 5 IU/L), and control groups. Auxological and biochemical tests, panoramic radiographs, and GnRHSTs in participants with breast development were conducted. Dental maturity was assessed using the Demirjian index (DI). We included 103 girls (pubertal, 40; prepubertal, 19; control, 44). Chronological age (CA) was not significantly different between groups. Bone age (BA) and BA advancement was higher in the pubertal and prepubertal groups. Increased DI values at the mandibular second premolar and molar were significantly associated with CA, BA, BA advancement, height standard deviation score (SDS), peak LH after GnRHST, and insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) (all P < 0.05). Moreover, odds ratio (OR) of the mandibular second premolar and molar (a DI value of ≥ E) for predicting a positive response to GnRHST was 8.7 (95% confidence intervals [CI], 2.9-26.1) and 5.2 (95% CI, 2.2-12.7), respectively. Dental maturity was a strong predictor for diagnosing CPP. Determining dental maturity in girls with suspected precocious puberty might help determine the performance of GnRHSTs. ER  - 
Factors Associated with the Presence and Severity of Diabetic Ketoacidosis at Diagnosis of Type 1 Diabetes in Korean Children and Adolescents; The aim of this study was to identify the risk factors for presence and severity of diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA) at the onset of type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) in Korean children and adolescents. A retrospective chart review of children and adolescents newly diagnosed with T1DM was conducted in seven secondary and tertiary centers in Korea. Eligible subjects were < 20 years of age and had records on the presence or absence of DKA at the time of T1DM diagnosis. DKA severity was categorized as mild, moderate, or severe. Data were collected on age, height, body weight, pubertal status, family history of diabetes, delayed diagnosis, preceding infections, health insurance status, and parental education level. A total of 361 patients (male 46.3%) with T1DM were included. Overall, 177 (49.0%) patients presented with DKA at T1DM diagnosis. Risk factors predicting DKA at T1DM diagnosis were age ≥ 12 years, lower serum C-peptide levels, presence of a preceding infection, and delayed diagnosis. Low parental education level and preceding infection increased the severity of DKA. These results suggest that alertness of the physician and public awareness of diabetes symptoms are needed to decrease the incidence and severity of DKA at T1DM diagnosis. ER  - 
Systemic imbalance in hormone levels associates with epithelial barrier dysfunction in allergic disease; RATIONALE: Epithelial barrier dysfunction similarly afflicts patients with different allergic diseases, and is implicated in the origins of allergy. However, systemic drivers of barrier dysfunction in allergy are poorly understood. METHODS: To identify common genes and signaling pathways underlying disruption of epithelial barriers in multiple allergic diseases, we used an unbiased systems biology approach to directly compare gene expression profiles of asthma and atopic dermatitis, using NCBI GEO microarray repository data (3 studies per disease). As a validation step, we measured pre-pubertal hormone levels in plasma from 54 children with and without food allergy, asthma or atopic dermatitis. We further tested the association between serum hormone levels and markers of barrier dysfunction in patients with asthma and chronic rhinosinusitis. RESULTS: Gene network analysis of transcriptomes shared by barriers in asthma and non-lesional atopic dermatitis suggested that metabolic hormone imbalance may underlie systemic susceptibility to epithelial dysfunction. In support of bioinformatics findings, significant decreases in plasma levels of insulin (598±118.96 vs 108.29±18.74 pg/mL, p<0.01) and C-peptide (1292.81±254.06 vs 422.94±73.76 pg/mL, p<0.05), as well as increased triiodothyronine (0.63±0.14 vs 1.83±0.34 ng/mL, p<0.01) and growth hormone (368.60±109.53 vs 5663.90±1448.09 pg/ mL, p<0.01), were detected in allergic children. Serum insulin levels were inversely correlated with airway expression of markers of barrier remodeling and type 2 allergic disease (including SERPINB2 and POSTN; R=-0.585,-0.581, respectively, p<0.01) in asthma/chronic rhinosinusitis. CONCLUSIONS: Hormonal imbalance represents an unexpected and previously unrecognized systemic feature of allergy. Such hormonal dysregulation has the potential to disrupt epithelial homeostasis and predispose to allergic response at different barrier sites. ER  - 
Risk Factors for high risk breast density patterns in Hispanic/Latinas living in the Northeast, US; Introduction: Breast densities are the non-fat (epithelial and stromal) breast tissue observable on screening mammograms. Known to be associated with a 4 to 6 fold increase in breast cancer risk, dense breast patterns complicate the reading of screening mammograms resulting in lowered sensitivity. Little is currently known about the prevalence and/or predictors of breast density in Hispanic/Latino women living in the Northeast, US. Objective: The goal of this prospective study is to identify risk factors for high risk breast density patterns among a large cohort of Hispanic/Latino women with ancestral ties primarily to the Eastern Caribbean (Puerto Rico and the Dominican Republic) as well as Central and South America. Because the hormonal milieu is somewhat different in Hispanic/Latinas compared with White women, and likely also differs from that of Hispanic/Latinas living in other parts of the US, we explored the role of reproductive and physiological factors in high risk breast density patterns. Methods: We analyzed breast density predictors in an established cohort of 1,600 Hispanic/Latino women recruited from primary care clinics in 4 cities with the largest enclaves of Hispanic/Latinos in Connecticut. Hour-long telephone interviews provided baseline data on biological, medical care, and sociodemographic factors. We retrieved radiology records on 1570 (98.7%) consenting women. For this analysis, we report predictors of breast density among the 1,040 (65.4%) women who received at least one screening mammogram during 2 to 4 years of follow-up. Breast density classification was based on radiologist assigned BI-RADS classification. Associations between predictors and high risk breast density patterns were examined using chi square tests. Multivariate analyses were conducted using logistic regression; odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) are reported. Results: Of the 1,040 women who received at least one screening mammogram during the follow-up period, 280 (27%) women were identified as having high risk dense breasts (extremely or heterogeneously dense, i.e., greater than 50% of the breast composed of fibroglandular densities), while 760 women (73%) were classified as having nondense breasts (fatty or scattered fibroglandular densities), suggesting a lower prevalence of high risk breast density patterns in this population. In multivariate analysis, breast density predictors were similar to those reported for the general population (mostly White) women, and are similar to known risk factors for breast cancer. However, we found that Hispanic/Latinas with diabetes to be at significantly reduced odds of high risk breast density patterns. There was also evidence that the relationship between age at menarche and density was modified by BMI, with early age at menarche a risk factor among normal and underweight women only. Conclusion: Our findings suggest that Hispanic/Latino women may differ in breast density prevalence relative to the general population. However, we observed a protective effect of diabetes and a potential interaction between age at menarche and BMI. This investigation enhances our understanding of breast density in a subset of the Hispanic/Latino population and provides the basis for further research. ER  - 
Metabolic syndrome in childhood cancer survivors; Background: Reavan in 1988 noted that several risk factors for cardiovascular diseases commonly cluster together, and he recognised them as a disease, named syndrome X, currently known as metabolic syndrome. Metabolic syndrome is a group of disorders related to insulin resistance, characterized clinically by central obesity, hyperglycemia, dyslipidemia and hypertension. There is a growing body of evidence indicating that pediatric cancer survivors are at a greater risk of developing metabolic syndrome. We studied the prevalence of metabolic syndrome in children with cancer who completed their treatment and on follow up. Methods: All relevant past medical data (of the disease, treatment and all events) were collected from the medical records. Tanner staging was perfomred, height was measured using a Harpenden stadiometer. Weight/WAIST circumference were measured. The body mass index (BMI) was calculated as weight (kg)/(height (m)2). BMI ≥90 centile as per CDC chart was taken as abnormal. Blood pressure was measured on the right arm of the patient. Presence of family history of diabetes, cardiovascular diseases and hypercholesterolemia were taken. Fasting Blood sugar, insulin, HbA1C, lipid profile were done. We used IDF(International diabetes federation) criteria to assess the metabolic syndrome among cancer survivors. This study was approved by our university ethics comittee. Results: Seventy five children who fulfilled the inclusion criteria were included in this study. Out of which 48 were males and 27 were females. Among these, majority of children are treated for acute lymphoblastic leukemia. 8.25% of total population satisfied the criteria of metabolic syndrome. Age, gender, diagnosis, modality of treatment were not to be of statistical significance, however majority of children with metabolic syndrome are in adolescent group. Conclusions: With the better care committed to children with cancer even in developing country, the survival rates are greatly improving and so metabolic syndrome is becoming the major target for intervention in the follow up of cancer survivors. As metabolic syndrome cannot treated by a single drug therapy, it is necessary to have cancer survivors follow up screening. ER  - 
Type 1 diabetes and bone microarchitecture assessment with trabecular bone score (TBS): A descriptive study; Introduction: Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus (T1DM) is associated with increased risk of fragility fracture (FF), which is in excess of what is expected based on bone mineral density (BMD) alone. Impairment in bone quality may contribute to this excess risk. Trabecular bone score (TBS), a tool to assess bone quality at the lumbar spine (LS), has been shown to predict fracture risk independent of BMD. There are limited studies exploring TBS in T1DM. Purpose: To examine TBS in a cohort of adults with T1DM in relation to BMD, clinical parameters and fracture history. Methods: T1DM patients were prospectively recruited from the Endocrine clinic at Women's College Hospital from April to October 2015 for BMD testing with TBS. Clinical parameters and fracture history were obtained from survey and chart review. Patients on bone-sparing drugs or steroids were excluded. Descriptive statistics, correlation coefficients, multivariate linear and logistic regression models were used to determine associations between clinical variables, BMD, TBS and FF. Results: 43 patients with T1DM participated in the study. Average age was 34.9 years, 70% female, 88% Caucasian. 44% were diagnosed with T1DM prior to puberty and average duration of T1DM was 16.7 years. Diabetes complications were uncommon; 1 had macrovascular disease, 26% had at least 1 microvascular complication. Average HbA1C was 8.2%. Almost half had history of fracture; of these, 33% were FF's. Average BMD was 1.17 g/cm at LS, 0.94 g/cm at femoral neck (FN), 0.97g/cm at total hip (TH). Average TBS was 1.47 (SD 0.10). TBS correlated moderately with BMD; LS 0.41 (p= 0.006), FN 0.492 (p=0.001), TH 0.472 (p= 0.002). TBS did not correlate with age, gender, HbA1C, pre-pubertal DM onset, or duration of T1DM. BMI was the only variable that appeared to influence TBS. There was an inverse association between TBS and any microvascular complication, however this lacked statistical significance. The odds of FF increased with older age (OR 1.077, p=0.014) and decreased with higher BMD at the hip sites (OR 0.001, p= 0.029 at FN; OR 0.002, p=0.036 at TH). TBS did not predict FF. Conclusion: TBS correlated with BMD at all sites and appears to be influenced by BMI, however there was no significant relationship between TBS, diabetes parameters and FF in this study cohort of young adults with T1DM. A larger study in older patients with longer duration of T1DM is required to better assess the utility of TBS in this patient population. ER  - 
Poor glycemic control is associated with greater urinary calcium excretion in adolescents with type 1 diabetes; Background: Type 1 diabetes (T1D) is associated with increased fracture risk and deficits in bone density and structure; yet the etiology is unclear. The goals of this study were to evaluate gastrointestinal calcium absorption, urinary calcium excretion, and estimated calcium retention in T1D adolescents compared to existing normative data, and to identify risk factors for urinary calcium loss in T1D. Methods: 24 hour urine collections, blood samples, and diet recalls were obtained in 19 T1D subjects (11 F) aged 10-18 yrs. Individuals with celiac disease, renal insufficiency, corticosteroid use, or obesity were excluded. An established dual stable isotope method was used to assess calcium absorption in 8 female subjects with T1D of ≥3 yrs duration. Subjects received oral ( Ca) and IV ( Ca) isotope tracers. Fractional calcium absorption was determined as the relative recovery of oral vs IV tracer in a 24-h urine measured by thermal ionization mass spectrometry. Total calcium absorption was calculated as fractional calcium absorption∗calcium intake. Calcium retention was estimated as total calcium absorption-(urine calcium + estimated fecal calcium). Results were compared to existing data in healthy adolescent girls. Means ± SD were compared using t-tests; correlations were assessed by Pearson's r and linear regression. Results: Subjects had T1D duration of 5.9±3 yrs, A1c of 9.4±1.4%, and 25OHD of 24.4±9.6 ng/mL. Compared to healthy girls, T1D subjects had similar fractional calcium absorption (27.4±9.4% vs. 24.5±8.2%, p=0.44) and a trend toward greater urine calcium excretion (126±67mg/d vs. 94±44mg/d, p=0.2). 25% (2/8) of T1D subjects had negative calcium retention. On univariate analysis, 24-h urine calcium excretion was correlated with hemoglobin A1c (r=0.75, p<0.01) and urine glucose (r=0.56, p=0.01) in the entire sample and the subset completing the isotope study (r=0.74, p=0.03 for A1c) and (r=0.73, p=0.04 for urine glucose). A1c remained associated with urine calcium after adjustment for age, sex, puberty, calcium intake, urine sodium, and bone turnover markers. Conclusions: Poor glycemic control was associated with greater urinary calcium excretion in adolescents with T1D. Analyses accounting for calcium intake and bone resorption suggest impaired renal calcium reabsorption as the mechanism underlying this relationship. Insufficient calcium availability for bone mineralization during adolescence may have lifelong consequences on bone health. ER  - 
The muscle-dependent link between IGF-I and cortical bone is suppressed in children with insulin resistance; Insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) plays a pivotal role in pediatric cortical bone development, acting through both direct and indirect (i.e., muscle-dependent) means. Whereas IGF-I-dependent total body muscle mass, and subsequently bone mass accrual, may be compromised in insulin resistant children, cortical bone has yet to be considered in studies examining the IGF-I-muscle-bone relationship in the context of insulin resistance. Therefore, we examined differences in the muscle-dependent relationships between IGF-I and cortical bone in insulin resistant vs. insulin sensitive children. Participants were early pubertal black and white boys and girls (ages 8-13 years). Tibia cortical bone (66% site) was assessed via pQCT. Total body fat-free soft tissue mass (FFST) was measured via DXA. IGF-I, insulin and glucose were measured in sera, and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) was calculated. A HOMA-IR median cutoff was used to classify children as insulin resistant (n=159) or insulin sensitive (n=156). Race, sex and age were statistically controlled for in our analyses. Our primary outcome was cortical area (Ct.Ar) given the well-characterized role of IGF-I in promoting cortical bone areal expansion. The insulin resistant (HOMA-IR=5.9±2.5) vs. insulin sensitive (HOMA-IR=2.9±0.8) children had greater IGF-I and FFST, but lower cortical bone mineral content, Ct.Ar, and polar strength strain index (all P<.05). IGF-I positively predicted FFST (insulin resistant: β=0.33, P<.01 vs. insulin sensitive: β=0.47, P<.01) and Ct.Ar (insulin resistant: β=0.24, P<.01 vs. insulin sensitive: β=0.39, P<.01), though these relationships were suppressed in the insulin resistant children (both P <.05). FFST predicted Ct.Ar in both groups (both P<.01). Path analyses showed that IGF-I was a positive predictor of Ct.Ar via FFST, though this relationship was attenuated in the insulin resistant (β =0.22, P<.01) vs. insulin sensitive (β =0.34, P<.01) children (Fig. 1). Subsequently, explained variability of FFST and Ct.Ar was nearly 10% lower in the insulin resistant vs. insulin sensitive group. Our data are the first to implicate a suppression of IGF-I-dependent muscle mass accretion as a contributor to the smaller cortical bone in children with impaired glucose metabolism. As such, deficits in cortical bone size and subsequent bending strength may help explain the greater propensity for skeletal fracture in obese youth. ER  - 
Bone mineral accrual during puberty and its association with serum levels of growth hormone and insulin-growth factor I in vocational ballet dancers; Purpose Cross-sectional studies have shown that vocational female ballet dancers have less bone mineralization than controls. However, less is known on how bone mineral content (BMC) accrual changes during growth in this population. The extent to which circulating levels of growth hormone (GH) and insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-1) exert an influence on bone acquisition of vocational dancers is also unknown. This study aims to: (i) model BMC accruals in vocational female ballet dancers and matched-controls; (ii) determine whether circulating levels of GH and IGF-1 are associated with BMC changes during the developmental process. Methods Sixty-six vocational female ballet dancers and sixty-two female controls between 10-15yrs were monitored for 3 years. BMC was measured annually at the femoral neck (FN) (impact site) and forearm (FA) (non-impact site) using Dual-Energy X-Ray Absorptiometry. GH and IGF-1 serum concentrations were also determined annually by immunoradiometric assay. Data were centred on age at peak height velocity (PHV). Multilevel models were created to determine BMC accruals across groups, and to explore the association between BMC gains with the studied hormones. Results At baseline, vocational ballet dancers had significantly less bone content compared to controls at the FN (∼0.250g less (7%), p<0.05) and FA (∼0.360g less (42%), p<0.05). Controls significantly gain more BMC throughout growth at the measured anatomical sites than vocational ballet dancers (FN: 36% more than dancers, p<0.05; FA: 37% more than dancers, p<0.05). The rate of BMC accrual was positively associated with changes in circulating levels of GH and IGF-1 in both groups (p<0.05). However, when a group interaction was considered in the same model, these hormones failed to demonstrate significant predictive effects. Conclusions The present data indicate that a) vocational female ballet dancers are not accruing bone content at the same rate as controls at both impact (FN) and non-impact (FA) sites, and b) GH and IGF-1 circulating levels do not explain the differences found between groups in terms of BMC gains. Future studies should search for factors associated with low BMC in vocational female dancers and establish whether such BMC values have any bearing in peak bone mass. ER  - 
Pros and cons of bariatric surgery in adolescents with obesity and T2DM; The world-wide epidemic of obesity involves children and adolescents who manifest several endocrine (PCOS, early or delayed puberty, abnormal thyroid function) and biochemical disturbances including metabolic syndrome and T2DM, both of which are increasing in prevalence and are associated with morbidity, earlier mortality and decreased quality of life measures. Medical treatment options, including lifestyle interventions, are limited in effectiveness. The seriousness of the problem has spawned surgical intervention( s) via bariatric surgery procedures, the 2 most common being gastric sleeve and Roux en Y gastric bypass. In several reported studies, age at surgery is∗16 years (range 14-20 years), mean body mass index is >50, and females predominate (75%).Weight loss ranges from 20%-30%, remission of T2DM occurs in∗95% in those who have this condition at baseline, and remits in∗75%in those with pre-diabetes; remission of elevated BP also occurs in∗75%, dyslipidemia in∗66%, and significant improvement inweight-related quality of life is reported by most. I discuss possible mechanisms for the rapid improvements seen before significant weight loss occurs. Complications include deficiency of essential micronutrients which occurs in∗50% and 10%-20% require one or more additional procedures. Contra-indications for surgery include an unstable home environment, history of recidivism, drug or alcohol abuse, established psychiatric disorders and emotional immaturity. To date, follow up studies have been of short duration so longer follow up is essential before widespread application of these surgical techniques for a medical problem. ER  - 
Reproductive and menstrual factors and colorectal cancer incidence in the Women's Health Initiative Observational Study; Background:Reproductive and menstrual factors have been evaluated as surrogates for long-term hormonal exposures in several prospective studies of colorectal cancer, yet findings have been conflicting.Methods:The relation of reproductive and menstrual factors (self-reported via a reproductive history questionnaire) with incident colorectal cancer was investigated among women enrolled in the Women's Health Initiative Observational Study (WHI-OS), a longitudinal cohort of 93 676 postmenopausal women (aged 50-79 years at enrolment) in which 1149 incident cases of colorectal cancer occurred over a median follow-up of 11.9 years. Multivariable Cox proportional hazards models that included established colorectal cancer risk factors were constructed to examine the association of colorectal cancer incidence with reproductive and menstrual factors.Results:Having had two children (vs nulliparous: hazard ratio (HR)=0.80, 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.64-0.99) was inversely associated with colorectal cancer risk. Compared with never users, ever use of oral contraceptives was associated with lower colorectal cancer risk (HR=0.74, 95% CI: 0.63-0.86); however, no relationship was observed for duration of oral contraceptives use (4 years vs 1 year: HR=0.94, 95% CI: 0.67-1.32). None of the remaining reproductive and menstrual factors was associated with colorectal cancer incidence.Conclusions:Parity and prior use of oral contraceptives were associated with lower colorectal cancer risk in this cohort of postmenopausal women. ER  - 
Age at menarche is associated with the prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease later in life:; Background: The aim of the present study was to investigate whether age at menarche is associated with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) later in life. Methods: The association between age at menarche and obesity, insulin resistance, and NAFLD after menopause was investigated in a cross-sectional study of 4128 postmenopausal Chinese women; NAFLD was diagnosed by hepatic ultrasound and information regarding age at menarche was collected using an interviewer-administered questionnaire. Results: Women with age at menarche <15 years had higher prevalence of overweight/obesity, insulin resistance, and NAFLD compared with women with age at menarche 15–18 or >18 years. Logistic regression revealed that women with earlier menarche had a higher risk for the age-adjusted prevalence of overweight/obesity, insulin resistance, and NAFLD, whereas later menarche showed a weaker, but still significant, association with a lower prevalence of NAFLD. However, further adjustment for some variables and current body mass index (BMI) or homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) attenuated the association between later menarche and a lower prevalence of NAFLD. A decreasing trend in the risk of NAFLD was seen across increasing levels of age at menarche (age-adjusted Ptrend < 0.001; multivariate-adjusted Ptrend < 0.001; multivariate + current BMI-adjusted Ptrend = 0.03; multivariate + HOMA-IR-adjusted Ptrend = 0.06). Conclusion: Age at menarche is associated with the prevalence of NAFLD later in life, independent of BMI and insulin resistance. ER  - 
Reproductive history and risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus in postmenopausal women: Findings from the Women's Health Initiative; Objective: The aim of the study was to understand the association between women's reproductive history and their risk of developing type 2 diabetes. We hypothesized that characteristics signifying lower cumulative endogenous estrogen exposure would be associated with increased risk. Methods: Prospective cohort analysis of 124,379 postmenopausal women aged 50 to 79 years from the Women's Health Initiative (WHI). We determined age of menarche and final menstrual period, and history of irregular menses from questionnaires at baseline, and calculated reproductive length from age of menarche and final menstrual period. Presence of new onset type 2 diabetes was from self-report. Using multivariable Cox proportional hazards models, we assessed associations between reproductive variables and incidence of type 2 diabetes. Results: In age-adjusted models, women with the shortest (<30 y) reproductive periods had a 37% (95% CI, 30- 45) greater risk of developing type 2 diabetes than women with medium-length reproductive periods (36-40 y). Women with the longest (45+ y) reproductive periods had a 23% (95% CI, 12-37) higher risk than women with medium-length periods. These associations were attenuated after full adjustment (HR 1.07 [1.01, 1.14] for shortest and HR 1.09 [0.99, 1.22] for longest, compared with medium duration). Those with a final menstrual period before age 45 and after age 55 had an increased risk of diabetes (HR 1.04; 95% CI, 0.99-1.09 and HR 1.08; 95% CI, 1.01- 1.14, respectively) compared to those with age of final menstrual period between 46 and 55 years. Timing of menarche and cycle regularity was not associated with risk after full adjustment. Conclusions: Reproductive history may be associated with type 2 diabetes risk. Women with shorter and longer reproductive periods may benefit from lifestyle counseling to prevent type 2 diabetes. ER  - 
Testicular growth and spermatogenesis: new goals for pubertal hormone replacement in boys with hypogonadotropic hypogonadism? -a multicentre prospective study of hCG/rFSH treatment outcomes during adolescence-; Context/objective: Testosterone treatment for pubertal induction in boys with hypogonadotropic hypogonadism (HH) provides virilization, but does not induce testicular growth or fertility. Larger studies evaluating the outcomes of gonadotropin replacement during adolescence have not been reported to date; whether previous testosterone substitution affects testicular responses is unresolved. We aimed to assess the effects of human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) and recombinant FSH (rFSH) in boys and adolescents with HH with respect to a) testicular growth, b) spermatogenesis, c) quality of life (QoL) and to identify factors influencing therapeutic success. Design/setting: A prospective case study was conducted in 26 paediatric endocrine centres. Patients/interventions: HCG and rFSH were administered until cessation of testicular growth and plateauing of spermatogenesis to (1) prepubertal HH boys with absent or early arrested puberty (group A) and to (2) HH adolescents who had previously received full testosterone replacement (group B). Outcome measures: Bi-testicular volumes (BTVs), sperm concentrations and QoL. Results: Sixty (34 A/26 B) HH patients aged 14–22 years were enrolled. BTVs rose from 5 ± 5 to 34 ± 3 ml in group A vs 5 ± 3 to 32 ± 3 ml in group B, with normal final BTVs (≥24 ml) attained in 74%/70% after 25/23 months in A/B, respectively. Sperm in the ejaculate were found in 21/23(91%)/18/19(95%), with plateauing concentrations after 31/30 months of hCG and 25/25 months of combined treatment in A/B. Sperm concentrations were normal (≥15 mill/ml) in 61%/32%, with mean concentrations of 40 ± 73 vs 19 ± 38 mill/ml in A/B (n.s.). Outcomes were better in patients without bilateral cryptorchidism, with non-congenital HH causes, higher baseline BTVs, and higher baseline inhibin B and AMH levels. QoL increased in both groups. Conclusions: HCG/rFSH replacement during adolescence successfully induces testicular growth and spermatogenesis, irrespective of previous testosterone replacement, and enhances QoL. ER  - 
A longitudinal study of serum insulin and insulin resistance as predictors of weight and body fat gain in African American and Caucasian children; Background:The influence of insulin and insulin resistance (IR) on children's weight and fat gain is unclear.Objective:To evaluate insulin and IR as predictors of weight and body fat gain in children at high risk for adult obesity. We hypothesized that baseline IR would be positively associated with follow-up body mass index (BMI) and fat mass.Subjects/Methods:Two hundred and forty-nine healthy African American and Caucasian children aged 6-12 years at high risk for adult obesity because of early-onset childhood overweight and/or parental overweight were followed for up to 15 years with repeated BMI and fat mass measurements. We examined baseline serum insulin and homeostasis model of assessment-IR (HOMA-IR) as predictors of follow-up BMI Z-score and fat mass by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry in mixed model longitudinal analyses accounting for baseline body composition, pubertal stage, sociodemographic factors and follow-up interval.Results:At baseline, 39% were obese (BMI≥95th percentile for age/sex). Data from 1335 annual visits were examined. Children were followed for an average of 7.2±4.3 years, with a maximum follow-up of 15 years. After accounting for covariates, neither baseline insulin nor HOMA-IR was significantly associated with follow-up BMI (Ps>0.26), BMIz score (Ps>0.22), fat mass (Ps>0.78) or fat mass percentage (Ps>0.71). In all models, baseline BMI (P<0.0001), body fat mass (P<0.0001) and percentage of fat (P<0.001) were strong positive predictors for change in BMI and fat mass. In models restricted to children without obesity at baseline, some but not all models had significant interaction terms between body adiposity and insulinemia/HOMA-IR that suggested less gain in mass among those with greater insulin or IR. The opposite was found in some models restricted to children with obesity at baseline.Conclusions:In middle childhood, BMI and fat mass, but not insulin or IR, are strong predictors of children's gains in BMI and fat mass during adolescence. ER  - 
Insulin resistance in HIV-infected youth is associated with decreased mitochondrial respiration; Objective: To identify relationships between insulin resistance (IR) and mitochondrial respiration in perinatally HIV-infected youth. Design: Case-control study. Methods: Mitochondrial respiration was assessed in perinatally HIV-infected youth in Tanner stages 2-5, 25 youth with IR (IR) and 50 without IR (IR) who were enrolled in the Pediatric HIV/AIDS Cohort Study. IR was defined as a homeostatic model of assessment for IR value at least 4.0. A novel, high-throughput oximetry method was used to evaluate cellular respiration in peripheral blood mononuclear cells. Unadjusted and adjusted differences in mitochondrial respiration markers between IR and IR were evaluated, as were correlations between mitochondrial respiration markers and biochemical measurements. Results: IR and IR youth were similar on age, sex, and race/ethnicity. Mean age was 16.5 and 15.6 years in IR and IR, respectively. The IR group had significantly higher mean BMI and metabolic analytes (fasting glucose, insulin, cholesterol, triglycerides, and venous lactate and pyruvate) compared with the IR. Mitochondrial respiration markers were, on average, lower in the IR compared with IR, including basal respiration (417.5 vs. 597.5 pmol, P0.074), ATP production (11 513 vs. 15 202 pmol, P0.078), proton leak (584.6 vs. 790.0 pmol, P0.033), maximal respiration (1815 vs. 2399 pmol, P0.025), and spare respiration capacity (1162 vs. 2017 pmol, P0.032). Nonmitochondrial respiration did not differ by IR status. The results did not change when adjusted for age. Conclusion: HIV-infected youth with IR have lower mitochondrial respiration markers when compared to youth without IR. Disordered mitochondrial respiration may be a potential mechanism for IR in this population. ER  - 
Basal 17-hydroxyprogesterone cannot accurately predict nonclassical congenital adrenal hyperplasia in children and adolescents; Aim: This study explored whether using the suggested diagnostic serum basal level of 17-hydroxyprogesterone (6.0 nmol/L) would lead to underdiagnosis of nonclassical congenital adrenal hyperplasia. Methods: We retrospectively studied 123 patients with nonclassical congenital adrenal hyperplasia, defined as an adrenocorticotropic hormone-stimulated 17-hydroxyprogesterone level of more than 45 nmol/L. Of these 13 had basal 17-hydroxyprogesterone levels of less than 6.0 nmol/L and 110 exceeded that level. The 42 controls had idiopathic premature pubarche. Clinical and laboratory data were reviewed and compared. Results: There were no differences between patients with 17-hydroxyprogesterone levels of <6.0 nmol/L or ≥6.0 nmol/L based on age at presentation, gender, anthropometric measurements, bone age advancement, age at glucocorticoid initiation and hydrocortisone dosage. Patients with basal 17-hydroxyprogesterone <6.0 nmol/L had significantly lower stimulated 17-hydroxyprogesterone levels (p = 0.02) and higher stimulated serum cortisol levels (p < 0.008). Children with nonclassical congenital adrenal hyperplasia and premature pubarche were clinically indistinguishable from controls with idiopathic premature pubarche. Androgen levels were significantly higher in the nonclassical congenital adrenal hyperplasia group. Conclusion: A basal 17-hydroxyprogesterone threshold of 6.0 nmol/L was not a sensitive predictive marker for diagnosing nonclassical congenital adrenal hyperplasia. Children whose clinical presentation suggests nonclassical congenital adrenal hyperplasia should undergo diagnostic adrenocorticotropic hormone stimulation testing. ER  - 
Adiposity rebound from three to six years of age was associated with a higher insulin resistance risk at eight-and-a-half years in a birth cohort study; Aim: The association between adiposity rebound and insulin resistance in middle childhood has seldom been studied. We examined the effect of body mass index (BMI) velocity and early adiposity rebound on the insulin resistance of prepubertal children. Methods: BMI data from a longitudinal follow-up of a birth cohort in Thailand were used. The homoeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) was calculated from 12-hour fasting plasma glucose and serum insulin at eight-and-a-half years of age. BMI velocity was calculated from four periods: zero to one, one to three, three to six and six to eight-and-a-half years of age. A multiple linear regression model was used to assess the association of BMI velocity during these four periods and insulin resistance at the age of eight-and-a-half years. Results: In 814 children – 76.7% of the initial cohort – BMI velocities between years one to three, three to six and six to eight-and-a-half years were positively associated with HOMA-IR levels after adjusting for demographic, behavioural and socio-economic factors. Children who had BMI gains between three and six years had mean HOMA-IR values that were 43% higher than those who did not. Conclusion: BMI velocity during early and middle childhood, and early adiposity rebound between three and six years, was associated with a higher insulin resistance risk at eight-and-a-half years. ER  - 
Relative Skeletal Maturation and Population Ancestry in Nonobese Children and Adolescents; More rapid skeletal maturation in African-American (AA) children is recognized and generally attributed to an increased prevalence of obesity. The objective of the present study was to evaluate the effects of population ancestry on relative skeletal maturation in healthy, non-obese children and adolescents, accounting for body composition and sexual maturation. To do this, we leveraged a multiethnic, mixed-longitudinal study with annual assessments for up to 7 years (The Bone Mineral Density in Childhood Study and its ancillary cohort) conducted at five US clinical centers. Participants included 1592 children, skeletally immature (45% females, 19% AA) who were aged 5 to 17 years at study entry. The primary outcome measure was relative skeletal maturation as assessed by hand-wrist radiograph. Additional covariates measured included anthropometrics, body composition by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA), and Tanner stage of sexual maturation. Using mixed effects longitudinal models, without covariates, advancement in relative skeletal maturation was noted in self-reported AA girls (∼0.33 years, p < 0.001) and boys (∼0.43 years, p < 0.001). Boys and girls of all ancestry groups showed independent positive associations of height, lean mass, fat mass, and puberty with relative skeletal maturation. The effect of ancestry was attenuated but persistent after accounting for covariates: for girls, 0.19 years (ancestry by self-report, p = 0.02) or 0.29 years (ancestry by admixture, p = 0.004); and for boys, 0.20 years (ancestry by self-report, p = 0.004), or 0.29 years (ancestry by admixture, p = 0.004). In summary, we conclude that advancement in relative skeletal maturation was associated with AA ancestry in healthy, non-obese children, independent of growth, body composition, and puberty. Further research into the mechanisms underlying this observation may provide insights into the regulation of skeletal maturation. © 2016 American Society for Bone and Mineral Research. ER  - 
Insulin resistance in type 2 diabetes youth relates to serum free fatty acids and muscle mitochondrial dysfunction; Aims Insulin resistance (IR) correlates with mitochondrial dysfunction, free fatty acids (FFAs), and intramyocellular lipid (IMCL) in adults with type 2 diabetes (T2D). We hypothesized that muscle IR would relate to similar factors in T2D youth. Methods Participants included 17 youth with T2D, 23 normal weight controls (LCs), and 26 obese controls (OBs) of similar pubertal stage and activity level. Results T2D and OB groups were of similar BMI. T2D youth were significantly more IR and had higher calf IMCL and serum FFA concentrations during hyperinsulinemia. ADP time constant (ADPTC), a blood-flow dependent mitochondrial function measure, was slowed and oxidative phosphorylation rates lower in T2D. In multiple linear regression of the entire cohort, lack of FFA suppression and longer ADPTC, but not IMCL or HbA1c, were independently associated with IR. Conclusion We found that elevated FFAs and mitochondrial dysfunction are early abnormalities in relatively well-controlled youth with T2D. Further, post-exercise oxidative metabolism appears affected by reduced blood flow, and is not solely an inherent mitochondrial defect. Thus, lowering FFAs and improving mitochondrial function and blood flow may be potential treatment targets in youth with T2D. ER  - 
Internalization of appearance ideals mediates the relationship between appearance-related pressures from peers and emotional eating among adolescent boys and girls; Appearance-related pressures have been associated with binge eating in previous studies. Yet, it is unclear if these pressures are associated with emotional eating or if specific sources of pressure are differentially associated with emotional eating. We studied the associations between multiple sources of appearance-related pressures, including pressure to be thin and pressure to increase muscularity, and emotional eating in 300 adolescents (Mage = 15.3, SD = 1.4, 60% female). Controlling for age, race, puberty, body mass index (BMI) z-score, and sex, both pressure to be thin and pressure to be more muscular from same-sex peers were positively associated with emotional eating in response to feeling angry/frustrated and unsettled (ps < 0.05). Pressure from same-sex peers to be more muscular also was associated with eating when depressed (p < 0.05), and muscularity pressure from opposite-sex peers related to eating in response to anger/frustration (p < 0.05). All associations were fully mediated by internalization of appearance ideals according to Western cultural standards (ps < 0.001). Associations of pressures from mothers and fathers with emotional eating were non-significant. Results considering sex as a moderator of the associations between appearance-related pressures and emotional eating were non-significant. Findings illustrate that both pressure to be thin and muscular from peers are related to more frequent emotional eating among both boys and girls, and these associations are explained through internalization of appearance-related ideals. ER  - 
Adolescent gynecomastia is associated with a high incidence of obesity, dysglycemia, and family background of diabetes mellitus; Background: Gynecomastia during adolescence is common though etiology is not clear. We studied the clinical and hormonal profile of adolescent patients with gynecomastia. Methodology: Patients who had onset of breast development between age 10 and 20 years were included in this study. Their clinical profile, biochemical, and hormonal parameters were studied. Results: Of 94 patients with gynecomastia, 4 had hypogonadotropic hypogonadism, 4 had hypergonadotropic hypogonadism, and 1 had fibroadenosis, but in majority (90.4%), no apparent cause for breast enlargement was evident. In the idiopathic group, majority were obese (63%). Fourteen (16%) patients had impaired fasting glucose or impaired glucose tolerance. Another twenty patients had subtle abnormalities (high 1 h glucose or glucose peak at 2 h). Twenty-nine percent of lean and 38% of obese patients had mild abnormalities in glucose profile. Sixty percent of patients had family background of diabetes. Obese patients had lower testosterone as compared to lean patients; however, estradiol, luteinizing hormone, and follicle-stimulating hormone levels were similar in the two groups. Conclusion: Gynecomastia during adolescence is associated with obesity, dysglycemia, and family background of diabetes mellitus. ER  - 
Influence of HbA1c and BMI on lipid trajectories in youths and young adults with type 1 diabetes; OBJECTIVE To assess the influence of HbA1c and BMI (measured as BMI z score [zBMI]) on LDL, HDL, and non-HDL trajectories as youths with type 1 diabetes age into early adulthood. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS Dynamic, retrospective cohort study examining changes in lipid values in 572 youths with type 1 diabetes followed longitudinally for a median of 9.3 years. Through longitudinalmodeling,we describe the relationship of HbA1c and zBMI on lipid values as subjects age after adjusting for other relevant factors, including lipid-lowering medication use. RESULTS The median number of lipid assessments was 7 (range 2-39). Every 1% increase in HbA1c was associated with an ∼2-6 mg/dL increase in LDL levels, with a greater increase in LDL levels as subjects progressed fromprepubertal to postpubertal age ranges. A 1-SD increase in BMIwas associated with amean LDL increase of 2.1mg/dL when subjects were 10 years old and increased to a mean of 8.2 mg/dL when subjects were 19 years old. The association between changes in HbA1c level and zBMI and changes in non-HDL levels as youths aged were similar to the associations found with LDL. The influence of HbA1c and zBMI on HDL levels was small and not dependent on age. CONCLUSIONS Changes in HbA1c level and zBMI modestly impact LDL and non-HDL cholesterol and have greater impacts as children age. Addressing elevations in HbA1c and zBMI as children enter into adolescence and beyond may lead to improvements in lipid levels. ER  - 
Risk factors that affect metabolic health status in obese children; While some obese children are metabolically healthy (MHO), some have additional health problems, such as hypertension, dyslipidemia, insulin resistance, and hepatosteatosis, which increase mortality and morbidity related to cardiovascular diseases (CVD) during adulthood. These children are metabolically unhealthy obese (MUO) children. In this study we assessed the factors that affect metabolic health in obesity and the clinical and laboratory findings that distinguish between MHO and MUO children. In total, 1085 patients aged 6-18 years, with age-and sex-matched BMI exceeding the 95th percentile were included in the study (mean 11.1±2.9 years, 57.6% female, 59.7% pubertal). Patients without dyslipidemia, insulin resistance, hepatosteatosis, or hypertension were considered as MHO. Dyslipidemia was defined as total cholesterol level over 200 mg/dL, triglyceride over 150 mg/dL, LDL over 130 mg/dL, or HDL under 40 mg/dL. Insulin resistance was calculated using the homeostasis model of assesment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) index. Hepatosteatosis was evaluated with abdominal ultrasound. Duration of obesity, physical activity and nutritional habits, screen time, and parental obesity were questioned. Thyroid and liver function tests were performed. Six hundred and forty-two cases (59.2%) were MUO. Older age, male sex, increased BMI-SDS, and sedentary lifestyle were associated with MUO. Excessive junk food consumption was associated with MUO particularly among the prepubertal obese patients. Our results revealed that the most important factors that affect metabolic health in obesity are age and BMI. Positive effects of an active lifestyle and healthy eating habits are prominent in the prepubertal period and these habits should be formed earlier in life. ER  - 
Sex differences in associations of adiposity measures and insulin resistance in US Hispanic/Latino youth: The Hispanic community children's health study/study of latino youth (SOL youth); Context: US Hispanic/Latino youth are disproportionally affected by the obesity and diabetes. Objective: We examined associations of adiposity measures with insulin resistance (IR) and hyperglycemia and the influences of sex and pubertal development on these associations. Design, Setting, and Participants: We performed a cross-sectional analysis of 1223 8- to 16-year-old Hispanic/Latino youth from a community-based study in the United States (SOL Youth). Main Outcome Measures: We measured IR (≥75th percentile of sex-specific Homeostatic Model Assessment of Insulin Resistance) and hyperglycemia (fasting glucose ≥100 mg/dL or hemoglobin a1c ≥5.7%). Results: In boys, body mass index (BMI) showed the strongest association with IR [prevalence ratio (PR), 2.10; 95%confidence interval (CI), 1.87 to 2.36 per standard deviation],whichwas not statistically different compared with body fat percentage (%BF) (PR, 2.03; 95% CI, 1.81 to 2.29) and waist circumference( WC) (PR, 1.89; 95%CI, 1.67 to 2.13) butwas significantly stronger comparedwith fatmass index (FMI) (PR, 1.79; 95%CI, 1.63 to 1.96),waist-to-hip ratio (WHR) (PR, 1.32; 95%CI, 1.21 to 1.44), and waist-to-height ratio (WHtR) (PR, 1.76; 95%CI, 1.54 to 2.01) (P for difference <0.05). In girls,%BF (PR, 2.73; 95%CI, 2.34 to 3.20) showed a significantly stronger association with IR comparedwith BMI (PR, 1.48; 95%CI, 1.29 to 1.70), FMI (PR, 1.71; 95%CI, 1.49 to 1.95),WC (PR, 1.96; 95%CI, 1.70 to 2.27),WHR (PR, 1.95; 95% CI, 1.70 to 2.23), and WHtR (PR, 1.79; 95% CI, 1.53 to 2.09) (P for difference, <0.003). Associations between adiposity measures and IR were generally stronger among children in puberty versus those who had completed puberty, with significant interactions forWC andWHtR in boys and for BMI in girls (P for interaction, <0.01). Adiposity measures were modestly associated with hyperglycemia (PR, 1.14 to 1.25), with no interactions with sex or pubertal status. Conclusions: Sex and puberty may influence associations between adiposity measures and IR in US Hispanic/Latino youth. Multiple adiposity measures are needed to better assess IR risk between boys and girls according to pubertal status. ER  - 
Effects of conjugated linoleic acid and metformin on insulin sensitivity in obese children: Randomized clinical trial; Context: Insulin resistance precedes metabolic syndrome abnormalities and may promote cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes in children with obesity. Results of lifestyle modification programs have been discouraging, and the use of adjuvant strategies has been necessary. Objective: This study aimed to evaluate the effects of metformin and conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) on insulin sensitivity, measured via euglycemic-hyperinsulinemic clamp technique and insulin pathway expression molecules in muscle biopsies of children with obesity. Design: A randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled clinical trial was conducted. Setting: Children with obesity were randomly assigned to receive metformin, CLA, or placebo. Results: Intervention had a positive effect in all groups. For insulin sensitivity Rd value (mg/kg/min), there was a statistically significant difference between the CLA vs placebo (6.5362.54 vs 5.0561.46, P = 0.035). Insulinemia and homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance significantly improved in the CLA group (P = 0.045). After analysis of covariance was performed and the influence of body mass index, age, Tanner stage, prescribed diet, and fitness achievement was controlled, a clinically relevant effect size on insulin sensitivity remained evident in the CLA group (37%) and exceeded lifestyle program benefits. Moreover, upregulated expression of the insulin receptor substrate 2 was evident in muscle biopsies of the CLA group. Conclusions: Improvement of insulin sensitivity,measured via euglycemic-hyperinsulinemic clamp and IRS2 upregulation, favored patients treated with CLA. ER  - 
Normal pubertal development in daughters of women with PCOS: A controlled study; Context: Daughters of women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) are thought to be at increased risk for developing stigmata of the syndrome, but the ontogeny during puberty is uncertain. Objective: We phenotyped daughters (n = 76) of mothers with PCOS and daughters (n = 80) from control mothers for reproductive and metabolic parameters characteristic of PCOS. Design, Setting, and Participants: We performed a matched case/control study at Penn State Hershey Medical Center that included non-Hispanic, white girls 4 to 17 years old. Intervention: We obtained birth history, biometric, ovarian ultrasounds, whole-body dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry scan for body composition, 2-hour glucose challenged salivary insulin levels, and two timed urinary collections (12 hours overnight and 3 hours in the morning) for gonadotropins and sex steroids. Main Outcome Measures: We measured integrated urinary levels of adrenal (dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate) and ovarian [testosterone (TT)] steroids. Other endpoints included integrated salivary insulin levels and urinary luteinizing hormone levels. Results: There were no differences in detection rates or mean levels for gonadotropins and sex steroids in timed urinary collections between PCOS daughters and control daughters, nor were there differences in integrated salivary insulin levels. Results showed that 69% of Tanner 4/5 PCOS daughters vs 31% of control daughters had hirsutism defined as a Ferriman-Gallwey score >8 (P = 0.04). There were no differences in body composition as determined by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry between groups in the three major body contents (i.e., bone, lean body mass, and fat) or in ovarian volume between groups. Conclusions: Matched for pubertal stage, PCOS daughters have similar levels of urinary androgens and gonadotropins as well as glucose-challenged salivary insulin levels. ER  - 
Evaluation of endocrine late complications in childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia survivors: A report of a single-center experience and review of the literature; Objective: Improvement in long-term survival in patients with acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) in childhood has led to the need for monitorization of treatment-related morbidity and mortality. In the current study, we aimed to evaluate endocrine side effects of treatment in ALL survivors who were in remission for at least 2 years. Materials and Methods: Sixty patients diagnosed with ALL, who were in remission for at least 2 years, were cross-sectionally evaluated for long-term endocrine complications. Results: The median age of the patients at the time of diagnosis, at the time of chemotherapy completion, and at the time of the study was 5 years (minimum-maximum: 1.7-13), 8 years (minimum-maximum: 4.25-16), and 11.7 years (minimum-maximum: 7-22), respectively, and median follow-up time was 4 years (minimum-maximum: 2-10.1). At least one complication was observed in 81.6% of patients. Vitamin D insufficiency/deficiency (46.6%), overweight/ obesity (33.3%), and dyslipidemia (23.3%) were the three most frequent endocrine complications. Other complications seen in our patients were hyperparathyroidism secondary to vitamin D deficiency (15%), insulin resistance (11.7%), hypertension (8.3%), short stature (6.7%), thyroid function abnormality (5%), precocious puberty (3.3%), and decreased bone mineral density (1.7%). There were no statistically significant correlations between endocrine complications and age, sex, and radiotherapy, except vitamin D insufficiency/deficiency, which was significantly more frequent in pubertal ALL survivors compared to prepubertal ALL survivors (57.5% and 25%, respectively, p=0.011). Conclusion: A high frequency of endocrine complications was observed in the current study. The high frequency of late effects necessitates long-term surveillance of this population to better understand the incidence of late-occurring events and the defining of high-risk features that can facilitate developing intervention strategies for early detection and prevention. ER  - 
Energetics and the immune system: Trade-offs associated with non-acute levels of CRP in adolescent Gambian girls; Background and objectives: The human immune system is an ever-changing composition of innumerable cells and proteins, continually ready to respond to pathogens or insults. The cost of maintaining this state of immunological readiness is rarely considered. In this paper we aim to discern a cost to nonacute immune function by investigating how low levels of C-reactive protein (CRP) relate to other energetic demands and resources in adolescent Gambian girls. Methodology: Data from a longitudinal study of 66 adolescent girls was used to test hypotheses around investment in immune function. Non-acute (under 2 mg/L) CRP was used as an index of immune function. Predictor variables include linear height velocity, adiposity, leptin, and measures of energy balance. Results: Non-acute log CRP was positively associated with adiposity (β = 0.16, P<0.001, R2=0.17) and levels of the adipokine leptin (β = 1.17, P = 0.006, R2=0.09). CRP was also negatively associated with increased investment in growth, as measured by height velocity (β =-0.58, P<0.001, R2=0.13) and lean mass deposition β =-0.42, P = 0.005, R2=0.08). Relationships between adiposity and growth explained some, but not all, of this association. We do not find that CRP was related to energy balance. Conclusions and implications: These data support a hypothesis that investment in non-acute immune function is facultative, and sensitive to energetic resources and demands. We also find support for an adaptive association between the immune system and adipose tissue. ER  - 
Risperidone and cardiometabolic risk in children and adolescents: Clinical and instrumental issues; Purpose/Background: Although second-generation antipsychotics are used to treat and manage symptoms for several psychiatric disorders, data about their adverse effects in developmental age are limited. The aimof this prospective observational study was to verify the cardiovascular and metabolic risk in a sample of antipsychotic-naive children/adolescent patients starting risperidone therapy. Methods: Twenty-two patients, younger than 18 years, were recruited. The assessment included anthropometric data, cardiovascular parameters, blood tests, and ultrasonographic abdominal study. Results: After an average follow-up period of 7.6 months, statistically significant increases in mean values of waist circumference, body mass index (BMI), BMI percentile, BMI z score, total cholesterol, and prolactin were found. Other cardiometabolic parameters showed an upward trend in time. Subjects in pubertal/postpubertal stage and female patients were more susceptible to developing cardiometabolic changes.Moreover, significant correlations between changes in anthropometric and several metabolic parameters were found. A tendency to change in constitution of the liver parenchyma and distribution of the abdominal fat mass with ultrasonographic abdominal study was also evident. Conclusions: In our sample, several metabolic parameters showed a sensitivity to risperidone treatment. Because most of these parameters are age dependent, metabolic syndrome criteria used for adults were inappropriate in children and adolescents. Periodic clinical and instrumental evaluations and guidelines for monitoring of any metabolic, laboratory, and instrumental complications are necessary in the perspective of even long-time second-generation antipsychotics treatment in children and adolescents. ER  - 
Insulin resistance and cardiovascular risks in adolescent obese girls; During puberty a mild insulin resistance (InRES) is observed; however, InRES, if persists, could have an impact for cardiovascular disease during adulthood. Identifying the subset of adolescent girls with obesity and insulin excess could provide valid information in assessing cardiovascular risk in young women. The aim of this study was to investigate insulinogenic response to glucose stimulation, and differences in adiponectin and leptin concentrations and correlate them with clinical features in obese and normal weight adolescent girls. Material and Methods: We studied 144 girls (age 13-18 yrs) after body mass index was calculated, we selected two groups: 64 normal weight (NOR, BMI 22+0.3) and 80 obese (OBS, BMI 30+0.5). In all girls we took a medical history, anthropometric measurements, physical examination, and serum levels of metabolic and hormonal profiles were investigated. InRES was estimated based on the indices driven from the results of a standard 75-g OGTT. Results: All tested girls had normal fasting plasma glucose concentration, irrespective of their BMI. Results are in the table (mean + SE). Conclusion: Adolescent OBS girls have significant insulin resistance, severe hyperinsulinemia after glucose stimulation and they have 3-fold higher frequency of prediabetes. OBS girls have marked cardiovascular biomarkers: increased blood pressure, decreased adiponectin and increased leptin. These results may forecast significant cardiovascular comorbidities in the adulthood. ER  - 
Endocrine status of patients with septo-optic dysplasia: Fourteen Japanese cases; A clinical diagnosis of septo-optic dysplasia (SOD) is made when two or more of the classical triad of optic nerve hypoplasia, pituitary hormone abnormalities or midline brain defects. To date, a clinical study of SOD, regarding its endocrinological features in particular, has not been undertaken in Japan. We retrospectively evaluated 14 SOD patients at our institution. Hormonal dysfunction was present in 78% of cases: ten cases presented combined hypopituitarism and one case presented precocious puberty. GHD and hypothyroidism were the most common endocrinopathies. A thin pituitary stalk and a gradual decrease in hormone secretion were the main characteristics. SOD patients usually visited ophthalmologists during early infancy because of eye problems; however, the medical examination did not always lead to endocrine assessments being made. Consequently, children who have eye problems with optic nerve hypoplasia should undergo head MRI imaging. If diagnosed with SOD, it is very important to evaluate pituitary functions. Their endocrinological status should be followed for a long time, even if they do not exhibit any endocrinological problems at evaluation. ER  - 
Effects of the use of growth hormone in children and adolescents with juvenile idiopathic arthritis: A systematic review; Introduction: Children with juvenile idiopathic arthritis (JIA) often have impaired growth andshort stature. There is evidence that the therapeutic use of growth hormone (GH) is usefuland safe in these patients. Objective: To analyze the effects of GH use in patients with JIA. Method: A systematic review of the literature over the last 18 years in Medline and Embasedatabases. The criteria were analyzed independently by the researchers. We used the fol-lowing keywords: "growth hormone", "arthritis, juvenile", "arthritis, rheumatoid", "child"and "adolescent".Results: Among the 192 identified articles, 20 corresponded to the inclusion criteria. Seven-teen longitudinal studies and 3 case reports were found. Most studies analyzed observedincreased growth, muscle mass and bone mass using GH. Adverse effects observed wereglucose intolerance, diabetes, bone deformities, osteonecrosis, reactivation of the diseaseand low final height. Conclusion: The majority of studies reported positive effects after the therapeutic use of GH, but some variability in response to treatment was observed. The combination of growthhormone with other drugs seems to be a good option. ER  - 
Age at menarche and risk of cardiovascular disease outcomes: Findings from the NHLBI-sponsored women's ischemia syndrome evaluation (WISE); Background: Early menarche has been associated with cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors and more recently, coronary heart disease. However, most studies have not assessed the relationship between age at menarche and future risk of cardiac events. Objective(s): We evaluated the relationship between age at menarche and risk of CVD events in the Women's Ischemia Syndrome Evaluation (WISE) study. Material/Methods: 648 women undergoing coronary angiography for suspected ischemia were included. Age at menarche was self-reported and grouped into categories (≤10, 11, 12, 13, 14, ≤15 yrs.) with age 12 as reference. Major adverse cardiac events (MACE) were defined as all-cause mortality, nonfatal myocardial infarction, nonfatal stroke, and heart failure hospitalization. Cox regression analysis was used to adjust for age, BMI, diabetes, dyslipidemia, hypertension, history of smoking, serum amyloid A protein, a marker of inflammation, and total estrogen time (TET), an estimate of lifetime estrogen exposure. Results: Mean (+SD) age was 57.9 yrs. (±12), BMI was 29.5 kg/m2 (± 6.5), and TET was 32.2 yrs. (± 8.9). CVD risk factors included diabetes (25%), dyslipidemia (53%), hypertension (57%), and ever smoked (51%). 170 (26%) women had MACE over follow-up. The adjusted regression model demonstrated both early and late menarche age associated with higher hazard rates (HR) of CVD over 6 year follow up: menarche age ≤10 HR 4.53 (95% CI, 2.13, 9.63); age 11, HR 2.19 (95% CI, 1.11, 4.33); age 13 HR 1.73 (95% CI, 0.9, 3.3); age 14, HR 2.45 (95% CI, 1.15, 5.21), age ≤15 HR 2.58 (95% CI, 1.28, 5.21). Conclusions: Our results found a U-shaped association between age at menarche and MACE after adjusting for multiple CVD risk factors. Both earlier and later age at menarche were associated with the highest CVD risk. Future studies should focus on biomarkers to understand the pathophysiology of CVD risk and age at menarche. ER  - 
Clinical features of women with turner syndrome experiencing transition period in Japan; Turner syndrome results from the entire or partial loss of the second X chromosome, and is associated with a number of medical problems. Affected women require long-term medical follow-up. This study investigated the status of medical follow-up focusing on the transition for young adult women with Turner syndrome (TS). The clinical profiles of 63 women with TS over the age of 16 were retrospectively examined. Thirty-three women are continuously followed by pediatric endocrinologists at our pediatric division. Twenty women were transferred to gynecologists as primary care physicians. Eight young adult women dropped out of the regular health check-up from our pediatric division even though 7 women were undergoing estrogen replacement therapy. We further reviewed the complications and management of the 33 women who were continuously followed at our pediatric division. A high incidence of obesity and liver dysfunction were observed in this age group (23.5±8.7). Nineteen out of 33 women consulted a cardiologist in the adult care division for cardiovascular complications. In the analysis of 20 women who were transferred to gynecologists, mainly two gynecologists accepted the transfer and have become accustomed to clinical care for TS. Seven women who were followed by the gynecologist in our facility were adequately managed for lifelong complications. Since there is no clear framework for transition in Japan, coordination with other specialists, especially gynecologists, is essential for the successful management of adult women with TS. Patient education and provision of information are required for establishing self-advocacy, which will prevent drop-out. ER  - 
Hypogonadotropic hypogonadism due to novel FGFR1 mutations; Objective: The underlying genetic etiology of hypogonadotropic hypogonadism (HH) is heterogeneous. Fibroblast growth factor signaling is pivotal in the ontogeny of gonadotropin-releasing hormone neurons. Loss-of-function mutations in FGFR1 gene cause variable HH phenotypes encompassing pubertal delay to idiopathic HH (IHH) or Kallmann syndrome (KS). As FGFR1 mutations are common, recognizing mutations and associated phenotypes may enhance clinical management. Methods: Using a candidate gene approach, we screened 52 IHH/KS patients. Results: We identified three novel (IVS3-1G>C and p.W2X, p.R209C) FGFR1 gene mutations. Despite predictive null protein function, patients from the novel mutation families had normosmic IHH without non-reproductive phenotype. Conclusion: These findings further emphasize the great variability of FGFR1 mutation phenotypes in IHH/KS. ER  - 
Basal serum neurokinin b levels in differentiating idiopathic central precocious puberty from premature thelarche; Objective: To find out the diagnostic role of kisspeptin and neurokinin B in idiopathic central precocious puberty (ICPP) and premature thelarche (PT). Methods: The girls who presented with early breast development before the age of 8 years were evaluated. Patients with intracranial pathologies were excluded. Basal and stimulated follicle-stimulating hormone/luteinizing hormone (LH) levels and basal neurokinin B/ kisspeptin levels were measured. Patients who had peak value of LH >5 mIU/mL and a bone age (BA)/chronological age (CA) ratio >1.1 were diagnosed as central precocious puberty (CPP), while cases who did not meet these criteria were diagnosed as PT. Healthy age-matched prepubertal girls were included as the control group. Results: The study group contained 25 girls with ICPP (7±0.8 years), 35 girls with PT (6.8±0.7 years), and 30 controls (6.7±0.7 years). Basal serum kisspeptin and neurokinin B levels were 2.36±0.47 ng/mL and 2.61±0.32 ng/mL, respectively in the ICPP group, 2.23±0.43 ng/mL and 2.24±0.23 ng/mL, respectively in the PT group, and 1.92±0.33 ng/mL and 2.03±0.24 ng/mL, respectively in the controls. Both kisspeptin and neurokinin B levels were higher in the ICPP and PT groups compared to controls (p<0.05). Moreover, basal neurokinin B level was different between ICPP and PT groups (p<0.01). A serum neurokinin B level of 2.42 ng/mL provided the most appropriate level to differentiate ICPP from PT, with a sensitivity of 84% and specificity of 77.1%. Conclusion: Differentiation of CPP from PT is sometime difficult, and there is a need for a simple method for the differential diagnosis. Our results suggest that basal serum neurokinin B level can be used as an adjunctive parameter to differentiate ICCP from PT. ER  - 
Higher-than-conventional subcutaneous regular insulin doses in diabetic ketoacidosis in children and adolescents; Objective: To evaluate the effect of initial insulin dosage on glycemic control in the first 48 hours of subcutaneous regular insulin therapy after resolution of diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA). Methods: Records of patients with DKA hospitalized in the past 3 years [n=76, median age=10.0 (6.0-12.0) years, Male/Female: 44/32] were reviewed. The patients were designated into two groups according to distribution of starting doses of subcutaneous insulin. Group 1 (n=28) received a median dose of 1.45 U/kg/day (1.41-1.5) and group 2 (n=48) a median dose of 0.96 U/kg/day (0.89-1). Clinical and laboratory data were analyzed. Results: Median, minimum, and maximum blood glucose levels of Group 1 in the first 48 hours of treatment were significantly lower than that of Group 2 [213 (171-242) vs. 255 (222-316), p=<0.001; 102 (85-151) vs. 129 (105-199), p=0.004; and 335 (290-365) vs. 375 (341-438), p=0.001, respectively]. The number of patients who experienced hypoglycemia (<70 mg/dL) were similar [Group 1, 5 (17.9%) vs. Group 2, 4 (8.3%), p=0.276] and none had severe hypoglycemia. In Group 1, the ratio of blood glucose levels within the target range (100-200 mg/dL) were higher (37.5% vs. 12.5%) and the number of results >200 mg/dL were lower (50% vs. 81.3%) compared to Group 2 (p=0.001 and p<0.001, respectively). Conclusion: After resolution of DKA, a higher initial dose of 1.4-1.5 U/kg/day regular insulin is associated with better glycemic control in children and adolescents without an increase in risk of hypoglycemia. ER  - 
Menarcheal age and risk of type 2 diabetes: A community-based cohort study; Objective: It has been reported that early menarche is associated with higher risk for type 2 diabetes. We aimed to explore the association between age at menarche and risk of type 2 diabetes in a population-based cohort study. Methods: For the purpose of the present study, 5191 subjects of reproductive age who were participants of the Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study and also met the eligibility criteria were selected. Demographic, lifestyle, reproductive, and anthropometric data as well as risk factors for metabolic diseases were collected. Menarcheal age was categorized into five categories, as <11 years, 11-12 years, 13-14 years, 15-16 years, and >17 years. Diabetes and pre-diabetes were defined according to the American Diabetes Association criteria. Logistic regression analysis was used to assess the risk of the menarcheal age group for type 2 diabetes and pre-diabetes. Results: Of 5625 participants, 673 women had pre-diabetes and 187 had diabetes. Early menarche was associated with higher risk of diabetes and pre-diabetes, compared to the reference group (13-14 years), (OR=3.55, 95% CI: 1.6-7.8 and OR=2.55, 95% CI:1.4-4.8, respectively), an association which remained after further adjustment for potential confounders including family history of diabetes, parity, education, age, body mass index, waist circumference, smoking history, physical activity, and duration of oral contraceptives use. Conclusion: Results showed early menarche to be a potential risk factor for type 2 diabetes and pre-diabetes. ER  - 
Whole-grain intake, reflected by dietary records and biomarkers, is inversely associated with circulating insulin and other cardiometabolic markers in 8- to 11-year-old children; Background: Whole-grain consumption seems to be cardioprotective in adults, but evidence in children is limited. Objective: We investigated whether intakes of total whole grain and dietary fiber as well as specific whole grains were associated with fat mass and cardiometabolic risk profile in children. Methods: We collected cross-sectional data on parental education, puberty, diet by 7-d records, and physical activity by accelerometry and measured anthropometry, fat mass index by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry, and blood pressure in 713 Danish children aged 8-11 y. Fasting blood samples were obtained and analyzed for alkylresorcinols, biomarkers of whole-grain wheat and rye intake, HDL and LDL cholesterol, triacylglycerols, insulin, and glucose. Linear mixed models included puberty, parental education, physical activity, and intakes of energy, fruit and vegetables, saturated fat, and n-3 (ω-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids. Results: Median (IQR) whole-grain and dietary fiber intakes were 52 g/d (35-72 g/d) and 17 g/d (14-22 g/d), respectively. Fourteen percent of children were overweight or obese andmost had low-risk cardiometabolic profiles. Dietary whole-grain and fiber intakeswere not associated with fatmass index but were inversely associated with seruminsulin [both P < 0.01; e.g.,with 0.68 pmol/L (95%CI: 0.26, 1.10 pmol/L) lower insulin ·gwhole grain-1 · MJ-1].Whole-grain oat intake was inversely associated with fatmass index, systolic blood pressure, and LDL cholesterol (all P < 0.05) as well as insulin (P = 0.003),which also tended to be inversely associated with whole-grain rye intake (P = 0.11). Adjustment for fat mass index did not change the associations. The C17-to-C21 alkylresorcinol ratio, reflecting whole-grain rye to wheat intake,was inversely associatedwith insulin (P < 0.001). Conclusions: Higher whole-grain intakewas associated with lower seruminsulin independently of fat mass in 8- to 11-y-old Danish children.Whole-grain oat intake was linked to an overall protective cardiometabolic profile, and whole-grain rye intake was marginally associated with lower serum insulin. This supportswhole grains as healthy dietary components in childhood. ER  - 
Fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF-21) in obese children: No relationship to growth, IGF-1, and IGFBP-3; Background: Fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF-21) is a hepatic protein that plays a critical role in liver, adipose tissue, and bone metabolism. Animal models reported an increase of FGF-21 and associated growth disturbances in undernutrition. Therefore, we studied the impact of weight loss in obese children on growth, FGF-21, and insulin-like factor 1 (IGF-1) concentrations. Methods: We analyzed height, serum concentrations of FGF-21, IGF-1, IGFBP-3, leptin, and insulin at baseline and 1 year later in 30 obese children with substantial weight loss (reduction >0.5 BMI-SDS) and in 30 obese children of similar age, gender, and pubertal stage with stable BMI-SDS. All children participated in a 1-year lifestyle intervention. Height and IGF-1 was transformed to standard deviation score (SDS). Multiple linear regression analyses adjusted for age, gender, and pubertal stage were performed. Results: At baseline, height-SDS was significantly related to IGF-1-SDS (β-coefficient 0.68 95% confidence interval (95% CI)±0.49; p=0.008) and leptin (β-coefficient 0.042 95% CI±0.030; p=0.008), but not to FGF-21 or insulin. FGF-21 was not significantly associated with IGF-1 or IGFBP-3. In longitudinal analysis, changes of FGF-21 were not significantly related to changes of height, IGF-1-SDS or IGFBP-3. However, in the subgroup of 30 children with substantial BMI-SDS reduction, FGF-21, leptin, insulin, and HOMA decreased significantly. Conclusion: As there was no significant association between FGF-21 and growth or IGF-1 both in cross-sectional and longitudinal analyses, these findings do not support the hypothesis that FGF-21 is involved in growth of obese children. Further studies are necessary to understand the multiple alterations in the growth hormone (GH) axis in obese children. ER  - 
Sex-related differences in correlation of overweight/obesity markers to blood pressure in prepubertal children in osijek-baranja county - a cross-sectional study; Background: The aim was to assess prevalence of overweight/obesity and evaluate their relations to blood pressure and blood glucose concentrations in prepubertal school children. Design and method: Third grade elementary school children were included (total 111-53 girls, 58 boys; 9±1 years). Height, weight, body mass index (BMI), waist circumference (WC), upper arm and thigh skin fold (ASF, TSF) and systolic (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) and fasting blood glucose concentrations (fBGC) were measured. Results: 13.51% subjects were overweight (BMI>85th percentile, 3 girls and 12 boys) and 15.32% subjects were obese (BMI>95th percentile,7 girls and 10 boys). Boys had significantly higher SBP than girls. Overweight/obese boys had significantly thicker ASF and TSF, higher SB, higher DBP (and higher fBGC compared to normal-weight boys; 5 boys and 4 girls were hypertensive (SBP>95th percentile). In boys, there were significant positive correlations of BMI and WC with SBP, DBP, ASF and TSF. Overweight/ obese girls had significantly thicker ASF and TSF and greater WC compared to normal-weight girls. SBP, DBP or fBGC were not significantly different between OW/OB and normal-weight girls. In girls, BMI and WC significantly positively correlated with ASF and TSF, but no correlations to BP were observed. WC positively correlated to fBGC in both, boys and girls. Conclusions: Significant association of OW/OB to arterial BP levels in prepubertal boys and a lack of associations among OW/OB markers and arterial BP levels in girls suggest that OW/OB might not be as important risk factors in development of hypertension in adulthood in females as in males. ER  - 
Total Oxidant and Antioxidant Status in Prepubertal Children with Obesity; Aims. Obesity is accompanied by the formation of oxygen free radicals, whose intensified activity without effective defense mechanisms can lead to oxidative stress and related complications. We evaluated the presence of oxidative stress in obese prepubertal children. Methods. The study included 83 healthy children aged 2-10 years (62 with obesity and 21 nonobese controls). Total oxidant capacity (TOC), total antioxidant capacity (TAC), oxidized low-density lipoprotein (ox-LDL), lipid parameters, glucose, and C-reactive protein (CRP) were measured in serum. Oxidative stress index (OSI) was calculated. Results. Serum TOC concentration was significantly higher (p<0.05) and TAC concentration was lower (p<0.05) in obese children. OSI was higher (p<0.01) in obese subjects compared with controls. CRP levels were normal in all children, but median CRP value was higher (p<0.01) and HDL cholesterol levels were lower (p<0.05) in the obese group. We found a significant negative correlation between TAC and ox-LDL concentrations (r=-0.27, p<0.05) in obese children. Furthermore, obesity duration was positively correlated with TOC level (r=0.32, p<0.05) in this group. Conclusions. Obesity-related oxidative stress already occurs in prepubescence. Early obesity diagnosis and the necessary therapeutic activity implementation is a vital strategy for the prophylaxis of free radical damage and related multiorgan complications. ER  - 
Insulin resitance and other cardiovascular disease risk factors in Juvenile Idiophatic Arthritis; Introduction: It is postulated that insulin resistance (IR) constitutes the key metabolic platform for the development of cardiovascular disease on adults. The role of chronic inflammation on IR has been shown in other diseases as rheumatoid arthritis. Certain subtypes of juvenile idiopathic arthritis (JIA) represent a state of systemic inflammation; it could lead to IR and other cardiovascular disease risk factors (CDRF). Paediatric studies on the subject are limited. Objectives: To describe the IR prevalence in JIA paediatric patients and to assess the possible involved factors. Furthermore, it analyses the prevalence of classical RFC, as well as metabolic syndrome. Methods: Observational cross-section study in Spanish children from 4 to 16 years old affected by the most frequent subtypes of JIA (oligoarticular, polyarticular and systemic) according to ILAR classification, monitored by a Pediatric Rheumatology Unit between July 2014 and July 2015. Monoarticular forms and patients with other concomitant treatments or diseases were excluded. Anthropometric, clinical and treatment data were recorded. Blood test was performed, included every metabolic syndrome parameters and 3 adipokines (leptin, adiponectin and resistin). Blood pressure and validated surveys about Mediterranean diet (KIDMED) and physical activity (PAQ-C/PAQ-A) were made also. IR was defined as a homeostatic model assessment (HOMA-IR) on the 90th percentile of healthy children in a Spanish cohort (García Cuartero et al 2007). Results: 88 patients were enrolled, 70,5% female with an average age of 11 years old. Their epidemiological, clinical and regarding treatment received characteristics are recorded in Table 33. The IR prevalence was 24.4%. Regarding classical CDRF, 6 (7.5%) were obese, 12 (15%) overweight, 16 (18.3%) arterial hypertension (AH), 14 (16.8%) dyslipidemia, mainly HDL About the diet and physical activity surveys, 41.3% followed an optimal Mediterranean diet (KIDMED score ≥ 8), being the most of the cases improvable (score 4-7). Our patients performed moderate physical activity during free time (PAQ-C/PAQ-A score > 3), however, statistical differences were not significant between JIA subtypes. A linear multivariate regression analysis was performed. IR was associated (R2 = 0,512) with hip circumference (cm) (β = 0.04; p 0.008), HbA1C% (β = 2.845; p 0.008) and leptin (ng/ml) (β = 0.036; p 0.007). Clinical activity duration was the only predictor factor, not having significant correlation with the subtype, received treatment or disease activity during the study. Conclusion: Our data suggest that the patients with JIA have an IR prevalence similar to the Spanish healthy children (adjusted by age, gender and pubertal stage). The only factor related to the disease which directly influenced the IR grade was the clinical activity overall duration, hence the importance of an early control of the disease to avoid this CDRF in future.(Table Presented). ER  - 
Multivariate nutritional assessment throughout sexual maturation; Background and objectives: The form of analysis can lead to confusion in the influence of sexual maturation in the assessment of nutritional status. Methods: Data came from 680 adolescents surveyed in city of Piracicaba (SP, Brazil), 1134 adolescents surveyed in city of Sao Paulo (SP, Brazil) and 3321 adolescents American research National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES III). Multivariate patterns of nutritional status were estimated using Principal Components Analysis. We set eigenvalues to 0.7 and loadings to 0.2. Sexual maturation was self-evaluated according to five Tanner stages. Results: The first 4 components are responsible for 63.5% of the variability of Piracicaba, 71.13% NHANES and the first three components in Sao Paulo account for 81.45%. The first component of Piracicaba and NHANES was characterized by anthropometric variables especially skinfolds (triceps, subscapularis, suprailiac and thigh) and waist circumference. The data of Sao Paulo held the second component was characterized by the same anthropometric variables. The second component was characterized by sexual maturation in Piracicaba and NHANES (pubic hair, breast and external genitalia) beyond the age, height, weight and phase angle. In São Paulo, the component that marks the sexual maturation was retained in the first, and presented the same characteristics of other banks with the same markings variables. The third was characterized by cholesterol, triglycerides and glucose in Piracicaba and NHANES. The third and final component in Sao Paulo was characterized by body composition variable (phase angle). The fourth component mixed load presented for biochemical variables. The adequacy of the sample in relation to the degree of partial correlation between variables was estimated by the Kaiser-Meyer-Olkin (KMO), which was 0.8031 Piracicaba, 0.8712 NHANES and 0.7713 Sao Paulo. Conclusions: Multivariate analyses of nutritional status reveals many possible profiles whose cannot be properly described using usually a single univariate indicator, such as body mass index. We have no conflict of interest to declare. ER  - 
The true effect of sexual maturation on the assessment of the nutritional status of adolescents; Background and objectives: The index used in analysis can lead to confusion about influence of sexual maturation in the assessment of nutritional status. We will estimate multivariate indices from a pool of body measures to describe nutritional status. Methods: Data came from 833 adolescents surveyed in Piracicaba( Brazil) and 3321 in United States(NHANESIII). Principal Components Analysis was applied to define multivariate patterns of nutritional status from anthropometric measurements (weight, height, skinfolds, and waist circumference), body composition (phase angle) and biochemical exams (glucose, cholesterol, triglycerides and hemoglobin). To define multivariate patterns of nutritional status we set eigenvalues to 0.7 and eigenvectors to ±0.2. Each pattern was set as outcome in a mixed multilevel regression with two levels. In the individual level we included sex and in the second we included Tanner stages, age, sex and socioeconomic score. Results: The first four components are responsible for 63.5% of the variability in Piracicaba and 71.1% in NHANESIII. All patterns were the same for both surveys. The first component was characterized by anthropometric variables; especially skin folds (triceps, subscapular, suprailiac and thigh) and waist circumference a pattern of adiposity. The second was characterized by sexual maturation (pubic hair, breast and gonad),age, height, weight and phase angle a pattern of linear growth process. The third was characterized by cholesterol, triglycerides and glucose a pattern of metabolic markers linked to adiposity. The forth component was characterized by phase angle and hemoglobin(positive eigenvector) and glucose( negative eigenvector) patterns of metabolic markers linked to lean mass. The adequacy of the sample in relation to the degree of partial correlation between variables was estimated by Kaiser-Meyer- Olkin(KMO), which was 0,80Piracicaba and 0,87NHANESIII. In mixed effects regression models, variance attributable to sexual maturation at level 2 was low; the individual fixed effects explained changes in body composition mostly. The two surveys Tanner's stages explained less than 20% of patterns that are unrelated to sexual maturation and explained more than 80% pattern two that is related to linear growth and sexual maturation. Conclusions: The nutritional status in adolescents does not require adjustment by sexual maturation. Adolescent weight gain may be the source of confusion at the time of diagnosis. ER  - 
Critical windows for prevention of obesity and associated conditions: The gocs and chimino chilean cohorts; Although obesity and related chronic diseases are observed in adulthood, there is now consistent evidence that originate in early life. In 2006 initiated the longitudinal follow-up of 1195 Chilean children -The Growth and Obesity Cohort Study (GOCS)- with the support of the Chilean National Preschool Program. All children 2.6 to 4.0 y of age attending public nursery schools of six counties in Santiago and who met the inclusion criteria were invited to participate. The main aim was to assess the association between early weight and linear growth and BMI trajectories in preschool children. Retrospective weight and height measurements were abstracted from health records. From age of 3 years, children had annual appointment at INTA to collect standardized anthropometric measurements. A second follow-up was initiated in 2009 aimed to assess the relation between early growth and adiposity, metabolic/inflammatory, and hormonal markers during adrenarche. We added skeletal maturation, bio-impedance and body composition measurements, blood samples (insulin, glucose, lipid profile, adiponectin, leptin, and IGF1) and physical activity. Since 2011, GOCS aimed to assess the role of early growth and adrenarche on mammary development and putative markers of breast development. We also added measurements of diet, EDC, inflammatory markers, and DNA methylation. GOCs results showed that pregestational obesity and excessive gestational weight gain related to obesity and associated metabolic conditions for both mother and offspring. Based on GOCS findings, in 2012, INTA initiated collaboration with the South East Health Area of Santiago to establish -the Chilean Maternal and Child Health Observatory (CHIMINO). This observatory aims to provide evidence (at the population, clinical and basic science level) for achieving healthy nutrition for mothers and infants during the 1000-day early life window. The study optimizes data collection in the real world, through data linkage of electronic primary care and hospital records. The first initiative of this collaboration was the CHIMINCs study. CHiMINCs is a cluster randomized controlled trial in 12 primary health care centers that aimed to assess the effectiveness of a low intensity by high coverage intervention that enhances the implementation of updated nutritional health care standards (diet, physical activity, and breastfeeding promotion) during pregnancy on maternal weight gain and infant growth. The nutritional intervention was delivered through the national health care system under standard operating conditions. 4781 pregnant women were recruited. The second initiative of CHIMINO is the MIGHT study who aimed to assess the effectiveness of two prenatal nutritional interventions (home-based diet and physical activity counseling and/or n3LC-PUFAs supplementation) delivered to obese/ overweight pregnant women in achieving better metabolic control in both the mother (lower incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus) and the offspring (lower incidence of macrosomia and lower prevalence of insulin resistance at birth). A substudy of the MIGHT study will evaluate if neonates born from obese mothers supplemented with n3LC-PUFA during pregnancy show a lower percent of body fat at birth and at 4 months of age, as well as the reversion of functional and epigenetic changes in neonatal monocytes at birth, compared to neonates from obese mothers with low n3LC-PUFA intake. ER  - 
Prevalence of the metabolically healthy phenotype in pediatric obesity and its association with clinical, metabolic and family history parameters; Background and objectives: Identifying the presence of the metabolically healthy (MH) phenotype and the factors to which it is associated in pediatric obesity, allows early detection of those who have a lower risk of future cardiometabolic complication and treatment adequation. Therefore, the objective of this study is to estimate the prevalence of MH phenotype in overweight/obesity children and adolescents and its association with clinical, metabolic and family history parameters. Methods: 203 patients were studied, age range 8-14 years, both sexes, overweight (n=59) and obese (n=144), according to z score BMI (OMS), in the section of Pediatric Nutrition, February 2005-October 2016. Exclusion criteria: patients with endogenous obesity. The design was descriptive, observational, prospective, cross-sectional and comparison of independent samples. Evaluated variables: age, sex, z score BMI, pubertal development, HOMA- IR, family history (FH) of obesity, type 2 diabetes, arterial hypertension, dyslipidemia and early acute myocardial infarct. The MH phenotype was defined by the absence of any components of the metabolic syndrome (MS) according to the criteria of the Argentine Society of Pediatrics. Fisher's test was performed and p-value <0,05 was considerared statistically significant. Results: 70,9% (CI 95% 64,1-77) were obese, 50,2% (CI 95% 43,2-57,3%) pubescent and 50,7% (CI95% 43,7-57,8%) females. MS frequency was 15,3% (CI 95% 10,8-21,1%). Prevalence of MH phenotype was 31% (CI 95% 24,8-38) and its was associated significantly with age range 11-14 years: 39,8% (CI 95% 29,9-50,5) vs 8-10 years: 23,6% (CI 95% 16,3-32,9) (p =0,01), overweight: 67,8% (CI 95% 54,2-79) vs obesity: 16% (CI 95% 10,6-23,2) (p=0), HOMA-IR< 3: 41,7% (CI 95% 32,7-51,3) vs HOMA-IR ≥ 3: 17% (CI 95% 10,2-26,9) (p=0,0001) and absence FH of type 2 Diabetes: 38% (CI 95% 28,6-48,3) vs presence FH of type 2 Diabetes: 24,3% (CI 95%16,6-33,9) (p=0,024). The non-associated parameters were sex (p=0,443), pubertal development (p=0,287), FH of obesity (p=0,089), FH of arterial hypertension (p=0,396), FH of dyslipidemia (p=0,435) and FH of early acute myocardial infarct (p=0,539). Conclusions: The MH phenotype was present in 1 out of 3 patients with overweight/obesity. It was significantly associated with age range 11-14 years, overweight, HOMA- IR < 3, and absence FH of type 2 diabetes. ER  - 
Free estradiol index levels associated with high sensitivity CRP levels in male children; Biomarkers of inflammation such as high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) associate with subclinical atherosclerosis. Atherosclerosis is an early onset disease in life. Sex hormones and puberty modulate metabolism in children. Studies indicate that low sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG) levels associate with insulin resistance and metabolic syndrome in children. The aim of this study is to study the correlation between sex hormones and hs-CRP levels in children and adolescents. The study sample was derived from a cross sectional survey on the prevalence of cardiovascular risk factors in a representative sample of school children (8-17 year-old) in Istanbul, Turkey. In addition to anthropometric and biochemical characteristics of cardiovascular risk, sex hormones such as free androgen index, free estradiol index (FEI), SHBG and hs-CRP levels were measured in all study participants: 91 boys (12.4 ± 3.4 years) and 77 girls (12.7 ± 3.4 years) were included in the study. Median (interquartile range) hs-CRP levels were similar among boys and girls [0.36 (0.9) versus 0.45 (0.7) mg/dl, p= 0.725]. Gender stratified analysis displayed that hs-CRP levels positively correlated with FEI levels (r=0.438, p<0.001) in boys. Linear regression analysis was performed to determine the predictors of hs-CRP. Among covariates of FEI, homeostasis model assessment-estimated insulin resistance, body mass index, age, and SHBG; FEI was shown to significantly and independently predict hs-CRP levels in boys [β=2.758, p<0.001, 95% confidence interval (CI) for β 1.471-4.045]. FEI levels associate with subclinical inflammation in boys. Future studies may elucidate the role of sex hormone levels in inflammation among children. ER  - 
Association between individual fat depots and cardio-metabolic traits in normal- and overweight children, adolescents and adults; OBJECTIVES: To determine age-related associations between fat mass (FM), regional fat depots and cardiometabolic traits in normal- and overweight children, adolescents and adults. METHODS: Detailed body composition (regional subcutaneous and visceral adipose tissue; SAT, VAT) by whole-body magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), FM and fat-free mass by air-displacement plethysmography, systolic and diastolic blood pressure (SBP, DBP), triglycerides (TG), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL), plasma glucose and plasma insulin were measured in 433 subjects (BMI: 23.6 (21.0-27.7); 151 children and adolescents, aged 6-18 years, 150 young adults, aged 18-30 years and 132 adults, aged 30-60 years). Data were derived from pooled data of the 'Reference Center for Body Composition' in Kiel, Germany. Insulin resistance was determined by the homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). Partial correlations and multivariate linear regression analyses were used to evaluate the associations between body composition and cardiometabolic traits. A descriptive approach was used to demonstrate age-dependent differences in associations between body fat depots and insulin resistance, independent of BMI. RESULTS: FM, SAT, and VAT increased from childhood to adulthood with low VAT in children and adolescents. When compared to children, TG was higher in adults. HDL and DBP did not differ between age groups. Insulin resistance was highest in male adolescents and female young adults. Associations between body fat depots and cardiometabolic traits were seen after puberty with no associations in pre- and intrapubertal children. When compared to FM, SAT and VAT had the strongest association with insulin resistance in adults. This association was independent of BMI. CONCLUSIONS: Associations between individual body fat depots and most cardiometabolic traits became evident after puberty only. The strongest associations were observed between insulin resistance and abdominal fat in adults. The impact of VAT was independent of BMI. ER  - 
Discordance between perceived body size and actual body size and psychological wellbeing in adolescence: Evidence from the multi-ethnic DASH longitudinal study; Body image dissatisfaction is a source of distress for many young people and an important predictor of psychological function in young people. Weight misperceptions are common among adolescents in the United Kingdom(1) and are correlated with depression, anxiety and low-self esteem(2). The prevalence of obesity, body image dissatisfaction and the desire to be thin increase as children approach puberty, and can start as early as age nine(3). The aim of this study was to evaluate whether the discordance between perceived body weight and measured Body Mass Index (BMI) influences psychological wellbeing among a multi-ethnic cohort of British adolescents. Multivariate multilevel models were used to examine the association between psychological wellbeing, measured by the Total Difficulty Score (TDS) from Goodman's Strengths and difficulty Questionnaire(4) (higher scores correspond with greater difficulties), and discordance among 3,228 adolescents in 49 London schools who participated in the Determinants of Adolescent Social wellbeing and Health longitudinal Study (DASH). Self-perception of body weight, measured anthropometry and psychosocial factors were collected at 11-13 years and at 14-16 years follow-up. Around 40 % of adolescents had a discordant perception of weight (i.e. underestimated or overestimated actual weight), with girls being more likely than boys to be discordant (p < 0 05). Discordance was related to age, ethnicity, gender, family life and racism. Among those who measured overweight/obese, more Black Caribbeans (11 9 %, 95 % CI 9 7, 14 6) and Black Africans (10 5 %, 95 % CI, 8 5, 12 8) than White British (6 9 %, 95 % CI 5 40, 8 81) reported normal weight. Compared with concordance (accurate perception of weight), discordance was associated with higher TDS at 14-16y (+0 56, 95 % CI 0 25, 0 87, p = 0 01), independent of all confounders. Increase in discordant perceptions between 11-13y and 14-16y was also associated with increasing TDS (+0 23, 95 % CI 0 10, 0 46, p = 0 04), which attenuated on adjustment for racism. These effects did not vary by ethnicity. These results confirm that misperception of weight is common and is associated with worse psychological wellbeing in adolescence. Interventions that engage with the underlying determinants of discordance, such as racism, and target families with young children could seem warranted. ER  - 
Case report: Transient neonatal diabetes in a 31 weeks old Thai premature baby; Background Neonatal Diabetes Mellitus (NDM) is a rare condition occurring in 1:300,000 -1:400,000 live births. All patients are diagnosed with diabetes in the first 6 months of life. Two main groups have been recognized: transient NDM (TNDM) and permanent NDM (PNDM). TNDM usually remits within a few weeks or months. All patients were diagnosed with diabetes under 6 months should undergo genetic testing for monogenic NDM. Case report He was born prematurely. His gestational age was 31+ weeks on October 4th, 2015. His birth weight was 1,540 grams. He is the first child of his family. His blood glucose has been high since birth. He received insulin therapy infusion for 32 days, then he was given insulin subcutaneously once daily. Insulin therapy lasted for a total of 60 days. The physical examination showed that he had macroglossia and umbilical hernia. Methylation specific analysis showed that he has a loss of maternal methylation at chromosome 6q24, confirming a diagnosis of transient neonatal diabetes (TND). TND is a rare subtype of diabetes, affecting only ∼1 in 400,000 babies. Progression Now he is 13 months old (corrected age 11 months). His weight is 10.5 kg (P50-P75), height is 76 cm (P50-P75). Currently, he does not have macroglossia and umbilical hernia. His growth and development is normal. His blood glucose is 68-95 mg/dL. His last HbA1C (10 Nov 2016) is 4.9%. Conclusion 70% of TND have abnormalities at the 6q24 locus which disturb expression of the imprinted genes PLAGL1 and HYMAI. Diabetes relapses in at least 50-60% of patients, usually around puberty. Prolonged follow-up is imperative. (Figure Presented). Consent for publication: The authors declare that the written informed consent was obtained for publication. ER  - 
Comparison between serum vitamin D levels in precocious pubertal girls and normal girls; Background: Vitamin D deficiency has been associated with chronic diseases, such as diabetes mellitus, obesity and autoimmune disease. However, There are only a few studies about the correlation between Vitamin D levels and precocious puberty in girls. Objective: In the previous study, vitamin D levels may be associated with precocious puberty. we also aimed to re-evaluate the relationship between serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D) and precocious puberty in girls. Method: A total of 155 girls with central precocious puberty (CPP) and 45 control girls were enrolled. Anthropometric measurement and serum level of 25(OH)D were estimated for all subjects. Results: Mean 25(OH)D level of CPP group was 17.3 ± 5.6ng/mL, which was lower than the control group(19.0 ± 5.3ng/mL). there was significant difference in the mean serum 25OHD concentration between the precocious puberty group and the control group (P =0.042). After 25(OH)D levels be classified by month(season), Significant difference in the mean serum 25(OH)D concentration between the two groups was only winter (Dec∼Feb). 113 of the 155 girls with CPP (72.9%) had 25(OH)D deficiency (defined as serum 25(OH)D 30 ng/mL). the prevalence of 25(OH)D was significantly higer odds ratio (OR, 2.35; 95% CI, 1.18-4.66, P =0.017) among CPP group than controls. Conclusion: Our results showed that vitamin D level was significant association with precocious puberty. We also recommend further studies are required to identify the correlation vitamin D levels and precocious puberty. ER  - 
Clinical analysis of 24 cases of Rathke's cleft cysts in children; Purpose: To evaluate the clinical features of Rathke cleft cysts (RCCs) in children. Methods: A retrospective analysis was conducted in 24 patients with RCCs diagnosed by magnetic resonance(MR) between July 2010 and August 2015. Their clinical, hormonal, and imaging findings were reviewed. Results: 24 patients got 1∼6 years follow-up. 6 cases (25.0%) were diagnosed precocious puberty and half of them were central precocious puberty. 3 cases (12.5%) were obesity. 7 patients (29.2%) had idiopathic short stature, 8 (37.5%) had growth hormone deficiency (GHD). In all GHD cases, 1 patient combined with central diabetes insipdus, another onecombined with central hypothyroidism. Till February 2016, all of the patients were re-examined pituitary MR. Rathke cysts in 3 patients were disappeared. 2 patients got transsphenoidal pituitary cyst excision and theirs Rathke cysts were not recurrenced after 3-4 years follow-up. Conclusion: Pituitary dysfunction is most common in pediatric RCCs patients. Most of Rathke's cleft cysts pediatric patients don't need surgery therapy, some cases are self-healing. ER  - 
Factors associated with the presence and severity of diabetic ketoacidosis at diagnosis of type 1 diabetes in Korean Children and Adolescents; Diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA) is a major life-threatening complication of type 1 diabetes (T1DM). The aim of this study was to identify the risk factors for the presence and severity of DKA at onset of T1DM in Korean children and adolescents. A retrospective chart review of children and adolescents newly diagnosed as T1DM from January 2000 to May 2015 was done in 7 secondary and tertiary centers in South Korea. Eligible subjects were < under age of 20 years and had records on the presence or absence of DKA at T1DM diagnosis. The severity of DKA was categorized as mild (venous blood pH<7.3), moderate (venous blood pH<7.2) and severe (venous blood pH<7.1). Data was collected on age, height, body weight at diagnosis, body weight after stabilization, pubertal status, family history of diabetes, delayed diagnosis of T1DM, preceding infection, health insurance status, and parental education. A total of 361 children and adolescents diagnosed with T1DM were included. The mean age was 8.8 ± 4.0 years and 37 patients were younger than 3 years of age and 91 patients were older than 12 years of age. 53.7% (n=194) of the patients were female. Overall 48.9% (n=177) of the patients presented with DKA at T1DM diagnosis. Thirty six percent of all patients (n=137) was not diagnosed as T1DM at the first medical consultation and in 13% (n=47), a preceding infection was present. The risk for DKA at diagnosis was 2.8 times (P=0.022) higher in patients younger than 3 years of age, and was 1.8 times (P=0.007) higher in patients older than 12 compared to patients between 3 and 12 years old. Lower serum c-peptide levels (P<0001), presence of preceding infection (P=0.001), and delayed diagnosis (P=0.02) significantly increased the risk of DKA at T1DM diagnosis. Multivariate analysis revealed that age greater than 12 (OR=2.8, PDelayed diagnosis, being too young to express symptoms or being old enough to be relatively free from parental care, and preceding infection increased the risk of DKA at T1DM diagnosis. Insurance status, parental educational level and preceding infection affected the severity of DKA. These results imply that alertness of the physician and public awareness of the symptoms of diabetes are needed to decrease the incidence and the severity of DKA at diagnosis of T1DM. ER  - 
The change in body mass index and insulin resistance after one-year treatment of gonadotropin-releasing hormone agonists in girls with central precocious puberty; Aims: Gonadotropin-releasing hormone agonist (GnRHa) has been used as a therapeutic agent of central precocious puberty. There has been a concern of increased obesity after the GnRHa treatment. The purpose of this study is to compare the body mass index (BMI) and insulin resistance during the first year of GnRHa treatment in girls with CPP. Methods: A total of 83 girls aged between 7.0-8.9 years with breast development and a peak LH of ≥ 5 IU/L after GnRH stimulation test was included as the patient group. The control group was 48 prepubertal girls. BMI and Indices related to insulin resistance, such as homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI), were used to compared between two groups before the treatment and among the patient group before and after 1 year of GnRHa treatment. Results: There was no statistical difference in BMI z-score between the control group and the patient group before the treatment. Fasting insulin and HOMA-IR were higher in the patient group, whereas FGIR and QUICKI were higher in the control group. (all P<0.001). In normal weight subjects in the patient group, BMI z-score was significantly increased during a year of GnRHa treatment (-0.1 ± 0.7 vs. 0.1 ± 0.8; P<0.001), whereas HOMA-IR and QUICKI showed no difference. In overweight subjects of the patient group, BMI z-score and HOMA-IR were not significantly different, whereas QUICKI was significantly decreased during GnRHa treatment (0.35 ± 0.03 vs. 0.33 ± 0.02; P=0.044). Conclusion: The girls with precocious puberty showed increased insulin resistance compared to the control group. During the GnRHa treatment, the normal weight group showed increased BMI z-score without increase of insulin resistance, whereas the overweight group seemed to show increased insulin resistance without significant change in BMI z-score. Long-term follow up for the change of BMI and insulin resistance in patients with precocious puberty was needed. ER  - 
Tanner-stage specific paediatric ranges for gonadotropins; Aims: Disorders of puberty are diagnosed and monitored by measurement of hormones of the hypothalamic-pituitary-gonadal (HPG) axis. As growth and development can influence normal circulating concentrations of these hormones, gender- and Tanner stage-specific gonadotropin ranges are more meaningful than age-specific values. In particular, given the pulsatile nature of gonadotropin release, are baseline luteinising hormone (LH) and follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH) levels using a sensitive assay able to distinguish between prepuberty and the onset of puberty? Methods: LH and'sH results (measured on Beckman Coulter UniCel DxI 800 analyser) betweeen March 2011 and October 2015 were extracted from Monash Pathology laboratory information system. Patients were included where data on Tanner staging were available. Patients with primary gonadal failure and on treatments influencing the HPG axis were excluded. The remaining data were used to calculate genderand Tanner stage-specific LH and'sH ranges (mean +/- 2SD). Results: Of 724 records of paired LH and'sH measurements Tanner staging for 185 was available. See table below for gender- and Tanner stage-specific LH and'sH ranges (mean +/- 2SD). Conclusion: Results from a cohort of healthy children and adolescents are ideal for calculation of paediatric reference intervals for gonadotropins. Nevertheless, our data from hospital outpatients (after exclusion of any intervention that might alter HPG axis) still provided a useful picture of gonadotropin levels across Tanner stages. More data points are required to establish reference ranges for routine clinical use. There is significant overlap between gonadotropin results between Tanner Stages I and II suggesting that diagnosing the onset of puberty is difficult using baseline measurements, particularly in females, suggesting the need for gonadotropin-releasing hormonestimulated gonadotropins to assess maturity of the HPG axis. ER  - 
A reversible albumin-binding once-weekly growth hormone (GH) treatment (somapacitan; NNC0195-0092) induces a dose-dependent IGF-I response similar to daily GH therapy in children with growth hormone deficiency (GHD); This randomised, open-label, active-controlled, dose-escalation trial (NCT01973244) investigated single-dose exposure and insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-I response to somapacitan in 32 children with GHD after a 7-10-day GH-washout period. Pre-pubertal children (aged 6-13 years) were assigned equally to four cohorts: 0.02, 0.04, 0.08 and 0.16 mg/kg somapacitan, pending safety assessments performed at each dose level increase. Within each cohort, six children were randomised to a single dose of somapacitan and two were randomised to Norditropin ® SimpleXx® once daily at a fixed dose of 0.03 mg/kg/day for a week. The once-weekly dose range of somapacitan was expected to cover the clinically relevant dose range in GHD as guided by simulations of the anticipated PK and IGF-I response in children with GHD. There were dose-dependent increases in somapacitan serum concentrations and in baseline-adjusted IGF-I AUC (0-168h) (area under the IGF-I concentration-time curve from 0-168h) and maximum concentration (Cmax). Compared with once-daily GH, IGF-I responses were lower with 0.02 mg/kg somapacitan (estimate: 0.56 ng∗h/mL [95%CI: 0.44; 0.71], p <0.0001), but similar with 0.04 and 0.08 mg/kg (estimated ratios, approximately 1:1) and higher with 0.16 mg/kg (1.25 ng∗h/mL [95%CI: 0.98; 1.59], p =0.0672). Only an initial peak in IGF-I response to 0.08 mg/ kg was outside the reference range (+2 to -2 SDS). A similar dosedependent response was observed for IGF-binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) with the initial peak being largest with 0.16 mg/kg somapacitan (2.3 mg/kg vs. 0.6-1.3 mg/kg for other doses) and subsequent stabilisation within reference range. No serious adverse events with either treatment and few local tolerability issues were observed (four transient injection site reactions in three children all receiving 0.16 mg/kg somapacitan). All somapacitan doses were well tolerated with no clinically relevant safety or immunogenicity issues observed. In a model-based analysis, steady-state PK and IGF-I responses were simulated across dose levels and compared to daily GH treatment for Cmax and average concentration (Cavg). In this model, an IGF-I dose of 0.04 mg/kg is expected to provide Cmax IGF-I levels matching average daily GH treatment; 0.08 mg/kg is expected to provide Cavg IGF-I levels matching average daily GH treatment; 0.16 mg/kg is expected to provide higher IGF-I levels, with average concentrations within +2 SDS after a single dose or at steady state. In conclusion, the single-dose results indicate that doses of 0.04, 0.08 and 0.16 mg/kg may be suitable for once-weekly administration of somapacitan and may be effective for the treatment of childhood GHD. ER  - 
Safety and efficacy of daily rhGH treatment up to near adult height in Japanese short children born SGA: Final report from a multi-center, open-label, long-term study; Objective: We conduct a multicenter, open-label, study to evaluate safety and efficacy of long-term treatment of Genotropin® in short children born SGA without epiphyseal closure. This represents the unique clinical trial in Japanese subjects treated with continuously high dose of rhGH (0.067 mg/kg/day) until near adult height (NAH). Method: Sixty-seven short children born SGA were included from 20 sites in the one-year treatment, Study 002 (Tanaka, et al. 2008), and were randomized to receive two different doses (0.033 or 0.067 mg/ kg/day). After completing one-year of treatment in Study 002, out of 62 subjects who were entered in this study, 61 were treated with the dose of 0.067 mg/kg/day and continued until pre-specified treatment termination criteria were fulfilled. This study was continued after the approval of the indication as a post-marketing clinical trial (Clinicaltrials. gov: NCT01859949). Descriptive statistics for each endpoint were summarized by treatment group based on assignment in Study 002. NAH was defined in this study as an “annual height velocity < 2 cm after achieving peak velocity at puberty” or “reaching an epiphyseal closure (centrally measured by the TW2-RUS method or investigator's evaluation)”; these are the treatment termination criteria. Result and Conclusion: Treatment-related adverse events were 54 events in 22 (36.1%) of the 61 subjects throughout the treatment period. Most of the observed adverse events were mild to moderate in severity. Two subjects experienced adverse event leading to permanently discontinuation and two subjects had treatment-related serious adverse event, although which outcomes to have resolved. No clinically significant changes were observed for HbA1c levels and bone maturation throughout the study. Neither new safety information nor safety concern was identified in this long-term study. Twenty subjects (11 boys and 9 girls) reached NAH (mean age (year); mean cm [height SDS]), 16.0; 159.1 [-1.56] in boys and 14.3; 146.9 [-1.61] in girls, at the end of treatment. We have confirmed the safety and efficacy of high dose rhGH treatment in the more than a decade long-term clinical trial in Japan. ER  - 
Diagnostic value of growth hormone stimulation test in short children; Background: It is important to find the cause of short stature in children. Growth hormone (GH) stimulation test is considered as a 'gold standard' for the diagnosis of GH deficiency. Several pharmacologic agents including insulin, glucagon, L-dopa, or clonidine are used for GH stimulation test. This study was designed to compare the diagnostic value of GH stimulation test. Method: Subjects who visited the pediatric endocrine clinic from September 2001 to February 2016 for the evaluation of short stature and underwent GH stimulation test were included in the study. Two or 3 pharmacologic agents were used for GH stimulation test. Growth hormone deficiency was defined when serum peak GH concentration was less than 10 ng/mL in at least two provocation tests. Clinical data were collected retrospectively based on medical records. We compared each test by calculating their sensitivity, specificity, positive predictive value, and negative predictive values, and by ROC curves. Result: A total of 67 short children were included. Forty five (67.2%) were diagnosed with GH deficiency. Average age was 9.05 ± 3.36 years, and 55 subjects were in pre-puberty. Mean height z score was-2.40. Insulin, glucagon, L-dopa, and clonidine test were done in 67, 56, 56, and 10 subjects, and sensitivity for GH deficiency was 95.6%, 61.8%, 71%, and 90%, respectively. Specificity was 50% in insulin, 86.4% in glucagon, and 94.5% in L-dopa test. Positive predictive value for GH deficiency was highest in clonidine test (100%) followed by L-dopa test (96.4%). Negative predictive value was highest in insulin test (84.6%). In ROC curve, areas under the curve of insulin, glucagon, L-dopa tests were 0.742, 0.832, 0.839, respectively. There was no serious adverse event during GHST, except for mild hypoglycemic symptoms or transient vomiting. Conclusion: Any GH stimulation test was relatively safe to perform in short children. Many patients showed different results on different growth hormone stimulation test, therefore it is reasonable to test by using 2 or more agents for the diagnosis. Insulin test showed the highest sensitivity, whereas L-dopa test showed the highest specificity. L-dopa test was the most useful test in diagnosing GH deficiency based on ROC curve. ER  - 
Strikingly high prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in overweight Indian adolescents: Clinical and biochemical correlates; Objectives: We aimed to assess the prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) among overweight adolescents, and to study its association with clinical and biochemical parameters. Methods: 218 overweight adolescents (151 boys) aged 10 to 16 y were recruited. BMI, waist circumference, BP and body fat (FM%) were measured. Standard deviation scores (SDS) were calculated for BMI and WC using Indian reference data. NAFLD was diagnosed and graded by ultrasonography. Fasting blood sample was drawn for glucose, ALT, AST, insulin, triglyceride, apolipoprotein C3 (ApoC3), tumor necrosis factor α (TNF α ), adiponectin, total and high- density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol. Homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) was calculated. Parents' BMI was checked and USG for NAFLD done. Biochemical and clinical variables were compared between the two groups. ROC analysis and logistic regression was done to find out parameters associated with NAFLD. Results: Mean age was 11.9 ± 1.6 y and BMI SDS 2.3 ± 1.1. NAFLD was seen in 62.5% adolescents (95% C.I. 56.2 - 69.4%); being mild in 40.4%, moderate in 18.8% and severe in 3.3%. Among the other complications of overweight, low HDL (3.5) in 43.5%, hypertension in 22.9%, impaired fasting glucose in 9.3%, and metabolic syndrome (by IDF criteria) in 26%. Comparison of clinical and biochemical parameters in adolescents with and without NAFLD are presented in Table 1. ROC analysis showed that WC SDS > 1.4, ALT > 33U/L, BMI SDS >2.2, body fat% >37.7, Insulin >15 and HOMA-IR >3.2 were associated with NAFLD with AUC of 0.73, 0.70, 0.69, 0.63 and 0.68, respectively. On multiple logistic regression, BMI SDS, ALT and insulin were independently associated with NAFLD with odds ratios (95% CI) of 2.92 (1.53-5.59), 2.72(1.42-5.21) and 1.97(1.02-3.80), respectively. Conclusions: Strikingly high prevalence of NAFLD was noted among overweight Indian adolescents. BMI and waist circumference SDS, FM%, BP, acanthosis nigricans, ALT, AST, HOMA-IR and insulin were higher among adolescents with NAFLD while age, gender distribution, pubertal status, lipid profile, adiponectin, TNF- α and parents/ BMI and fatty liver status were similar. NAFLD was independently associated with BMI, serum ALT and insulin. (Table Presented). ER  - 
Associations between serum vitamin D and Glucose metabolism in 3-year-old Japanese Children - NCCHD cohort study; Background and Objective: Vitamin D (VD) is known to modify pancreatic β cell function and affects glucose homeostasis. VD deficiency can be a risk factor for insulin resistance and diabetes. In the previous studies, the associations between VD and glucose homeostasis were reported in late childhood and puberty. On the other hand, there were a few reports in early childhood about this relationship. The objective of this study was to examine the associations among serum concentrations of VD, glucose metabolism and its association factors in early childhood. Subjects and methods: 653 infants (male = 341, 52.2%) at 3-years of age, participating in the NCCHD birth cohort were included in this study. Random blood samples were obtained during morning hours. Serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D) was measured by LC-MS/MS. Serum insulin (IRI) was measured by CLIA, and plasma glucose level was measured by commonly used enzyme method. HOMA-IR and BMI were calculated from the biochemical and physical data. Statistical analysis was performed using linear regression analysis and t-test. Results: Serum 25(OH)D levels were 23.8 ± 6.1 ng/ml imean ± SD Arange 9.0 '42.6 ng/ml ). There were no significant difference of 25(OH) D levels between male and female (23.9 ± 6.1 ng/ml vs 23.6 ± 6.1 ng/ml) . Significant negative correlation between 25(OH)D and serum glucose (r |0.22 Ap 0.01) was observed. The number of subjects with VD deficiency ( 20 ng/ml) and VD sufficiency (>20 mg/ml) were 28.2% (n=184) and 71.8 % (n=469), respectively. VD deficient group had significantly higher glucose level (73.7 ± 15.2 mg/dl vs 69.2 ± 15.8 mg/dl, p<0.01) and higher HOMA-IR (1.22 ± 1.25 vs 1.01 ± 0.82, p<0.02) than in VD sufficient group. Although there were nosignificant difference, VD deficient group tended to have higher insulin levels (6.3 ± 5.1 vs 5.7 ± 4.0, p 0.14) and BMI (15.8 ± 1.2 vs 15.6 ± 1.1, p 0.15) compared to VD sufficient group. Conclusion: Although there is a limitation of interpretation since this study was conducted in the non-complete fast condition, our data suggested that Vitamin D deficiency may affect glucose homeostasis from infancy. ER  - 
Predictors of Insulin Resistance in Children versus Adolescents with Obesity; Introduction. Obesity is a risk factor to develop metabolic syndrome (MetS) and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Insulin resistance (IR) plays a major part in both. With increasing incidence of childhood obesity, this retrospective study aimed to identify predictors of IR in children/adolescents with obesity to optimize screening for IR. Method. Patients aged ≥ 2-≤ 18 years with obesity (BMI-SDS > 2.3) were included. IR was defined as HOMA-IR ≥ 3.4, and MetS if ≥3 of the following criteria were present: waist circumference and blood pressure ≥ 95th age percentile, triglycerides ≥ 1.7 mmol/l, HDL < 1.03 mmol/l, and fasting plasma glucose ≥ 5.6 mmol/l. Results. In total, 777 patients were included. Of the 306 children, 51, 38, and 0 were diagnosed with IR, MetS, and T2DM, respectively. Of the 471 adolescents, 223, 95, and 0 were diagnosed with IR, MetS, and T2DM, respectively. In the multivariable regression model, BMI-SDS, preterm birth, and Tanner stage were associated with IR in children (6.3 (95% CI 1.3-31.1), 5.4 (95% CI 1.4-20.5), 2.2 (95% CI 1.0-4.8)), and BMI-SDS and waist circumference in adolescents (4.0 (95% CI 1.7-9.2), 3.7 (95% CI 1.5-9.4)). Conclusion. Different IR predictors were observed in children/adolescents with obesity. These predictors can be used to optimize screening for IR in pediatric populations. ER  - 
Interaction of Pubertal Development and Metabolic Control in Adolescents with Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus; Background. In T1DM, delayed pubertal development and reduced final height are associated with inadequate metabolic control. Objective. To assess whether T1DM affects pubertal growth spurt and whether metabolic control during puberty is gender-related. Methods. Using a large multicentre database, longitudinal data from 1294 patients were analysed. Inclusion criteria: complete records of height and HbA1c from the age of seven to 16 years. Exclusion criteria: other significant chronic diseases and medications, T1DM duration less than three months, and initial BMI < 3rd or >97th percentile. Results. Growth velocity (GV) was impaired with a significant reduction of peak GV by 1.2 cm in boys. HbA1c increase during male puberty was lower except for a period of 1.5 years. The highest HbA1c increase in boys coincided with maximum growth spurt. In girls, the highest HbA1c increase was observed during late puberty. Even though there is impaired GV, both sexes reach a height at 16 years of age which corresponds to the background population height. Conclusion. Worsening of metabolic control is sex-discordant and associated with gender-specific alterations of GV. However, the vast majority of boys and girls with T1DM seems to reach normal height at the age of 16 years. ER  - 
Effect of very early growth hormone (GH) treatment on longterm growth in girls with turner syndrome (TS): A multicenter, open-label, extension study; Introduction: Late GH initiation results in suboptimal adult height for many women with TS. In a landmark, randomized, controlled, clinical trial (.,Toddler Turner" study) 2y of early GH treatment (ET group) started at 1.98±1.01y, resulted in height SDS difference of 1.6±0.6 SDS vs. early untreated (EUT) group. Objective and hypotheses: It was unclear if the early height gain would result in taller adult heights, so patients were followed in an extension study to near adult height (NAH). Methods: GH treatment at the discretion of the investigator and subject's local physician. Subjects underwent annual assessments of auxology, pubertal status, bone age, laboratory data and safety. Psychosocial, tympanometry, and audiology assessments were performed at baseline, 10y, and 16y or study endpoint. Te primary efcacy measure was NAH: last height available when height velocity was =2.0 cm/y or bone age was =14.5 y. Between-group differences (ET vs. EUT) were assessed by ANCOVA with height SDS and age at baseline of Toddler Turner study as covariates; study site was treated as fxed effect. Results: Of 88 eligible subjects, 69 entered the extension (ET = 36; EUT = 33); 68 received GH (average 41 ± 14 μg/kg/d) for 12.98 ± 2.62y (ET=25) and 11.08±2.63y (EUT=26) and NAH was available for 51. ET subjects were somewhat taller than EUT at ages 10, 13y and NAH and attained thelarche and NAH at younger ages (Table). Of 69 subjects, 1 died of leukemia, =1 serious adverse events (AE) were reported for 11 and non-serious AE for 66 (fever, headache, otitis media, melanocytic nevus, scoliosis were most common). Tere was no signifcant difference between groups in prevalence of abnormal tympanometry/audiometry results. Conclusions: Girls with TS who received 2y of GH starting at age 2 were somewhat taller (non-signifcant) at ages 10y, 13y and NAH than control subjects. Both groups attained NAH ∼10 cm greater than if untreated, based on historical data. No new safety signals were observed in this study, which represents the longest longitudinal follow-up of a TS cohort. ER  - 
Association between serum uric acid and metabolic syndrome components in prepubertal obese children (Tanner Stage I) from Nuevo León, Mexico - a preliminary study; Background: Metabolic syndrome (MetS) is a major risk factor for cardiovascular disease and diabetes. Previous studies in obese children demonstrating a positive association between serum uric acid (sUA) and components of MetS are confounded by lack of uniformity in age and pubertal status of children. Therefore, we have examined the role of sUA in MetS and its components in pre-pubertal children (Tanner Stage I, age ≤ 9 years). Methods: Pre-pubertal obese children (32 boys, 27 girls, age 6-9 years) were recruited from Nuevo Leon, Mexico. For comparison, an equal number of children with normal body mass index (BMI) in the same age range (22 Boys, 39 girls, age 6-9 years) were also recruited from the same community. Presence of MetS and its components was defined according to the criteria of International Diabetes Federation. Fasting blood was analyzed for lipids, glucose, insulin, and uric acid. Results: Among the obese children, sUA was positively associated with insulin resistance and hypertriglyceridemia and negatively associated with high density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDLc). Subjects were three times more likely to have a MetS diagnosis per one unit (md/dL) difference in sUA. Of the 59 obese pre-pubertal children, 20 were classified as having MetS defined by the presence of abdominal obesity and two or more of other components described under methods. Of these, 57.1% (20/61) had sUA between 5.1 and 7.1 mg/dl. Conclusions: The findings of this study clearly indicate a positive relationship between uric acid and MetS and its components in pre-pubertal obese children with Tanner stage I and ≤9 years of age. ER  - 
Proteomics of children born after intracytoplasmic sperm injection reveal indices of an adverse cardiometabolic profile; Context: Assisted reproduction technologies (ART), classic in vitro fertilization (IVF), and intracytoplasmic sperm injection (ICSI) are increasingly used. Several studies have demonstrated an unfavorable cardiometabolic profile of the ART offspring. Proteomics is a state-of-the-art technology used for the identification of early biomarkers of disease. Objectives: To investigate the proteomic profile of children born after ICSI compared with naturally conceived (NC) controls in search of cardiometabolic risk markers. Design: Cross-sectional case-control study: qualitative, comparative proteomic plasma analysis. Setting: Pediatric Endocrinology and IVF Outpatient Clinics, University of Athens and the Biomedical Research Foundation of the Academy of Athens. Participants: Forty-two sex- and age-matched couples of ICSI and NC children were assessed. Ten pairs additionally matched for birth weight and twin/single pregnancies were submitted to proteomic analysis. Intervention: Medical history, clinical examination, and blood biochemical, hormonal, and proteomic analyses. Main Outcome Measures: (1) Differences in auxological and laboratory data between groups. (2) Differences in plasma proteomic profile in 10 individual pairs and pooled samples. Results: The ICSI group had shorter gestation, more cesarean sections, smaller birth weight/length, and advanced maternal age. No major differences were observed regarding biochemical markers. Proteomic analysis revealed 19 over- and three underexpressed proteins in ICSI. Most overexpressed proteins are implicated in acute-phase reaction, blood coagulation, complement pathway activation, and iron and lipid metabolism, suggesting a subclinical unfavorable cardiometabolic profile. Conclusions: This study applies proteomics in ICSI-conceived children, providing evidence for an early adverse cardiometabolic profile and supporting the necessity of their long-term monitoring. ER  - 
High DHEAS is associated with earlier pubertal events in girls but not in boys; Context: Premature adrenarche (PA) has been associated with increased metabolic risk. Objective: To describe the risk of precocious thelarche (PT; < 8 years), pubarche (PP; girls < 8 years, boys < 9 years), and gonadarche (PG; < 9 years) in children with high dehydroepiandrosterone sulphate (DHEAS [HD]) vs those with normal DHEAS (ND). Setting and Intervention: Longitudinal Chilean cohort (n = 1052, 49.9% girls). Annual clinical examination including secondary sex characteristics by Tanner staging. Logistic regression models were adjusted by age and BMI. Main Outcome: Assess the relationship between DHEAS and premature thelarche, gonadarche, and pubarche in both sexes. Results: At age of DHEAS determination, overweight/obesity was present in 44.3% of boys and 42.9% of girls. Incidences of any precocious event were observed in 17.2% of boys and in 25.4% of girls, presented as 8.7% of PG and 8.5% of PP in boys and as 21.3% of PT and 4.1% of PP in girls. In crude and adjusted models in boys, HD did not increase the risk of earlier pubertal events. Conversely, girls with HD had a 2.6 times greater risk of early thelarche and a three times greater risk of early pubarche compared with girls with ND concentrations. Conclusion: In Chilean adolescents, precocious events of pubertal development were in line with the worldwide secular trend of earlier sexual maturation. HD was only associated with PT and PP in girls. Continuous follow-up of this cohort is a unique opportunity to prospectively address and analyze the interrelationships among HD, early growth, and adiposity as determinants of gonadarche, pubertal rate/ sequence progression, and ovarian function. ER  - 
Microcirculation, adiposity, and traditional and emerging cardiovascular risk factors in prepubertal children; Purpose: Previous studies have shown that microvascular dysfunction (MD) is associated with a number of cardiovascular risk factors, including obesity. Few studies have assessed microvascular reactivity in children, and in most of these, results were confounded by the effects of puberty. Our aim was to establish whether MD is already present in obese prepubertal children. Methods: This cross-sectional study included 52 obese, 18 overweight, and 28 eutrophic children, with a mean ± standard deviation age of 7.44 ± 1.22 years. We evaluated cardiovascular risk factors and nutritive microvascular function by using nailfold dynamic videocapillaroscopy and determined functional capillary density (FCD), red blood cell velocity at resting conditions (RBCV) and at peak (RBCVmax), and time to reach peak velocity during the post-occlusive reactive hyperemic response following 1 minute ischemia. Results: On univariate analysis, differences in microvascular reactivity were not observed among the groups. Obese and overweight children had significantly higher scores than eutrophic children for the following parameters: body mass index, waist circumference, waist-to-height ratio, mean arterial pressure, homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance, levels of insulin, leptin, glucose, triglycerides, total cholesterol, uric acid, and C-reactive protein. Multivariate analysis demonstrated the association between metabolic, anthropometric, and microvascular variables, stratified according to the degree of adiposity and body fat distribution. Conclusions: Univariate analysis did not show any difference in microvascular reactivity between groups but, by testing these variables by multivariate means, we noticed a common and direct variation between cardiovascular/metabolic risk factors and microvascular reactivity occurring early in life. ER  - 
Cutaneous skeletal hypophosphatemia syndrome: clinical spectrum, natural history, and treatment; Summary: Cutaneous skeletal hypophosphatemia syndrome (CSHS), caused by somatic RAS mutations, features excess fibroblast growth factor-23 (FGF23) and skeletal dysplasia. Records from 56 individuals were reviewed and demonstrated fractures, scoliosis, and non-congenital hypophosphatemia that in some cases were resolved. Phosphate and calcitriol, but not skin lesion removal, were effective at controlling hypophosphatemia. No skeletal malignancies were found. Purpose: CSHS is a disorder defined by the association of epidermal and/or melanocytic nevi, a mosaic skeletal dysplasia, and an FGF23-mediated hypophosphatemia. To date, somatic RAS mutations have been identified in all patients whose affected tissue has undergone DNA sequencing. However, the clinical spectrum and treatment are poorly defined in CSHS. The purpose of this study is to determine the spectrum of the phenotype, natural history of the disease, and response to treatment of hypophosphatemia. Methods: Five CSHS subjects underwent prospective data collection at clinical research centers. A review of the literature identified 45 reports that included a total of 51 additional patients, in whom the findings were compatible with CSHS. Data on nevi subtypes, bone histology, mineral and skeletal disorders, abnormalities in other tissues, and response to treatment of hypophosphatemia were analyzed. Results: Fractures, limb deformities, and scoliosis affected most CSHS subjects. Hypophosphatemia was not present at birth. Histology revealed severe osteomalacia but no other abnormalities. Skeletal dysplasia was reported in all anatomical compartments, though less frequently in the spine; there was no clear correlation between the location of nevi and the skeletal lesions. Phosphate and calcitriol supplementation was the most effective therapy for rickets. Convincing data that nevi removal improved blood phosphate levels was lacking. An age-dependent improvement in mineral abnormalities was observed. A spectrum of extra-osseous/extra-cutaneous manifestations that included both benign and malignant neoplasms was present in many subjects, though osteosarcoma remains unreported. Conclusion: An understanding of the spectrum, natural history, and efficacy of treatment of hypophosphatemia in CSHS may improve the care of these patients. ER  - 
Long-term outcomes of children treated for Cushing’s disease: a single center experience; Purpose: Pediatric Cushing’s disease (CD) is rare and there are limited data on the long-term outcomes. We assessed CD recurrence, body composition, pituitary function and psychiatric comorbidity in a cohort of pediatric CD patients. Methods: Retrospective review of 21 CD patients, mean age at diagnosis 12.1 years (5.7–17.8), managed in our center between 1986 and 2010. Mean follow-up from definitive treatment was 10.6 years (2.9–27.2). Results: Fifteen patients were in remission following transsphenoidal surgery (TSS) and 5 were in remission following TSS + external pituitary radiotherapy (RT). One patient underwent bilateral adrenalectomy (BA). CD recurrence occurred in 3 (14.3 %) patients: 2 at 2 and 6 years after TSS and 1 7.6 years post-RT. The BA patient developed Nelson’s syndrome requiring pituitary RT 0.6 years post-surgery. Short-term growth hormone deficiency (GHD) was present in 14 patients (81 % patients tested) (11 following TSS and 3 after RT) and 4 (44 % of tested) had long-term GHD. Gonadotropin deficiency caused impaired pubertal development in 9 patients (43 %), 4 requiring sex steroid replacement post-puberty. Four patients (19 %) had more than one pituitary hormone deficiency, 3 after TSS and 1 post-RT. Five patients (24 %) had long-term psychiatric co-morbidities (cognitive dysfunction or mood disturbance). There were significant long-term improvements in growth, weight and bone density but not complete reversal to normal in all patients. Conclusions: The long-term consequences of the diagnosis and treatment of CD in children is broadly similar to that seen in adults, with recurrence of CD after successful treatment uncommon but still seen. Pituitary hormone deficiencies occurred in the majority of patients after remission, and assessment and appropriate treatment of GHD is essential. However, while many parameters improve, some children may still have mild but persistent defects. ER  - 
Copeptin in obese children and adolescents: relationships to body mass index, cortisol and gender; Objective: Copeptin has been reported to be associated with stress, obesity and the metabolic syndrome (MetS) in adults. However, data in childhood are scarce. Therefore, we studied the relationships between copeptin, cortisol, puberty and parameters of the MetS in children. Design: Cross-sectional study. Patients: A total of 51 obese children (10·8 ± 3·2 years, 39% male, 45% prepubertal, body mass index standard deviation score (BMI-SDS) 2·77 ± 0·56) and 24 lean children of similar age, gender and pubertal stage. Measurements: Copeptin, serum cortisol, 24-h urinary free cortisol, BMI-SDS and, as parameters of the MetS, insulin resistance index (HOMA), HbA1c, uric acids, blood pressure and lipids. Results: Copeptin levels were significantly (P = 0·047) higher in obese children (5·8 ± 2·8pmol/l) compared to lean children (4·6 ± 2·2pmol/l). BMI-SDS (β-coefficient 0·38 ± 0·35, P =0·033), but not any parameter of the MetS, was significantly related to copeptin in multiple linear regression analyses adjusted for age, gender and pubertal stage. A 24-h urinary free cortisol (β-coefficient 0·13 ± 0·06, P < 0·001), but not serum cortisol, was significantly related to copeptin in multiple linear regression analyses adjusted for age, gender, pubertal stage and BMI-SDS. Pubertal boys (6·6 ± 2·8pmol/l) demonstrated significantly (P = 0·042) higher copeptin levels compared to pubertal girls (4·8 ± 2·6pmol/l), while copeptin concentrations did not differ between prepubertal girls and boys. Conclusions: Copeptin levels are related to 24-h urinary free cortisol in obese children. Pubertal boys, but not prepubertal boys, demonstrated higher copeptin levels than girls, suggesting that sex hormones are involved in the regulation of copeptin levels. Further studies are necessary to understand the relationship between obesity, cortisol, gender, pubertal stage and copeptin levels. ER  - 
Adherence in children with growth hormone deficiency treated with r-hGH and the easypod™ device; Purpose: Poor adherence to recombinant human growth hormone (r-hGH) therapy is associated with reduced growth velocity in children with growth hormone deficiency (GHD). This twelve-month observational study was to assess adherence in r-hGH patients treated with the easypod™, an electronic, fully automated injection device designed to track the time, date and dose administered. Methods: Ninety-seven prepubertal patients receiving r-hGH therapy were included in the study from ten Italian clinical sites and 88 completed the study. To avoid possible confounding effects, only GHD patients (79/88; 89.7 % of the overall study population) were considered in the final analysis. The primary endpoint—adherence to treatment—was calculated as the proportion of injections correctly administered during the observational period out of the expected total number of injections. The relevant information, tracked by the easypod™, was collected at months 6 (V1) and 12 (V2) after baseline (V0). At study termination, adherence data were partially available from 16 patients and fully available from 53 patients. As secondary endpoints, serum IGF-1 levels, fasting serum glucose and insulin levels and key anthropometric characteristics (height, waist circumference and BMI) were also determined. Results: The easypod™ data showed that 56.7 % of the patients were considered to be fully (≥92 %) adherent to their treatment throughout the period V0–V2. Treatment improved stature, significantly increased IGF-1 and produced a non-significant increase in blood glucose and insulin levels. Conclusions: The injection-recording system and other characteristics of easypod™ could enhance the ability of physicians to monitor adherence to r-hGH treatment. ER  - 
Association between excessive BMI increase during puberty and risk of cardiovascular mortality in adult men: a population-based cohort study; Background Being overweight during childhood and adolescence is associated with increased risk of cardiovascular disease in adulthood, but the relative contribution of prepubertal childhood BMI and BMI change during puberty to adult mortality due to cardiovascular disease is unknown. We assessed the contribution of these two distinct developmental BMI parameters for cardiovascular mortality in adult men. Methods As a part of the ongoing population-based BMI Epidemiology Study (BEST) in Gothenburg, Sweden, men born between 1945 and 1961 with information on both their childhood BMI at age 8 years and BMI change during puberty were included in the study and followed up until December, 2013. Participants who died or emigrated before age 20 years were excluded from the analysis. BMI was collected from paediatric growth charts and mandatory military conscription tests. Childhood overweight (BMI of ≥17·9 kg/m2) was defined according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's cutoff at 8 years of age, and BMI change during puberty was defined as the difference between young adult BMI and childhood BMI (BMI at age 20 years minus BMI at age 8 years). Information on mortality was retrieved from high quality national registers with the participants’ ten-digit personal identity number. We used Cox proportional hazard regression to analyse the association between exposures and mortality. The ethics committee of the University of Gothenburg, Sweden, approved the study and waived the requirement for written informed consent. Findings We followed 37 672 Swedish men from age 20 years for a mean of 37·8 years (1 422 185 person-years follow-up). 3188 all-cause deaths and 710 cardiovascular deaths occurred during follow-up. The correlation between childhood BMI and BMI change during puberty was marginal (r=0·06). BMI change during puberty, but not childhood BMI, was independently associated with adult all-cause and cardiovascular mortality in men. Boys that became overweight during puberty (HR 2·39; 95% CI 1·86–3·09) and boys who were overweight consistently throughout childhood and puberty (1·85; 1·28–2·67), but not boys overweight in childhood that normalised during puberty (0·99, 0·65–1·50), had increased risk of cardiovascular mortality compared with participants who were not overweight in childhood or as young adults. The association between BMI change during puberty and cardiovascular mortality was non-linear with a substantial association above a threshold of 6·7 units increase in BMI. Interpretation Excessive BMI increase during puberty is a risk marker of adult cardiovascular mortality. These results indicate that BMI should be monitored during puberty to identify boys with increased risk of adult cardiovascular mortality. Funding Swedish Research Council, the Swedish Government (under the Avtal om Läkarutbildning och Medicinsk Forskning [Agreement for Medical Education and Research]), the Lundberg Foundation, the Torsten Söderberg Foundation, the Novo Nordisk Foundation, the Knut and Alice Wallenberg Foundation, and the Anna Ahrenberg Foundation. ER  - 
Effect of Nutritional Supplementation on Growth in Short and Lean Prepubertal Children after 1 Year of Intervention; Objective To determine the 1-year effectiveness and safety of nutritional supplementation with the study formula on linear growth and weight gain in short and lean prepubertal children and to validate the previously reported findings in those initially treated with placebo. Study design Two-phase 1-year intervention (double-blind placebo-controlled [0-6 months] and open-labeled extension [6-12 months]) in which all participants were offered to continue the study using the study formula. Anthropometric measures and 3-day food diary were assessed at baseline and after 6 and 12 months of intervention. Results A total of 129 out of 150 children (86%) completed the open-labeled extension-phase. In “good” consumers of the formula (intake ≥50% of recommended dose) throughout the entire year height-SDS continued to improve in the extension phase, with a total gain of 0.19 ± 0.14 SD. In “good” consumers of the formula initially randomized to the placebo-group, the gain in height-SDS significantly improved (from 0.04 ± 0.13 to 0.12 ± 0.11; P = .001), replicating the results of the “good” consumers of the formula during the blinded-phase (0.12 ± 0.12). “Poor” consumers (intake <50% of recommended dose) did not improve their height-SDS. No significant changes in body mass index SDS were observed with the consumption of the formula. A dose-response was found between the amount of formula consumed/kg and the increment in height-SDS and weight-SDS (r = 0.36; P < .001 and r = 0.18; P = .041, respectively). No serious adverse events were reported. Conclusions One year of a nutritional supplement was effective in promoting the linear growth of short and lean prepubertal children, with no change in body mass index status. Trial registration ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT01158352. ER  - 
The13c-glucose breath test for insulin resistance assessment in adolescents: Comparison with fasting and post-glucose stimulus surrogate markers of insulin resistance; Objective: To evaluate the use of the13C-glucose breath test (13C-GBT) for insulin resistance (IR) detection in adolescents through comparison with fasting and post-glucose stimulus surrogates. Methods: One hundred thirty-three adolescents aged between 10 and 16 years received an oral glucose load of 1.75 g per kg of body weight dissolved in 150 mL of water followed by an oral dose of 1.5 mg/kg of U-13C-Glucose, without a specific maximum dose. Blood samples were drawn at baseline and 120 minutes, while breath samples were obtained at baseline and at 30, 60, 90, 120, 150, and 180 minutes. The13C-GBT was compared to homeostasis model assessment (HOMA) IR (≥p95 adjusted by gender and age), fasting plasma insulin (≥p90 adjusted by gender and Tanner stage), results of 2-h oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), insulin levels (≥65 μU/mL) in order to determine the optimal cut-off point for IR diagnosis. Results:13C-GBT data, expressed as adjusted cumulative percentage of oxidized dose (A% OD), correlated inversely with fasting and post-load IR surrogates. Sexual development alters A% OD results, therefore individuals were stratified into pubescent and post-pubescent. The optimal cut-off point for the13C-GBT in pubescent individuals was 16.3% (sensitivity=82.8% & specificity=60.6%) and 13.0% in post-pubescents (sensitivity=87.5% & specificity=63.6%), when compared to fasting plasma insulin. Similar results were observed against HOMA and 2-h OGTT insulin. Conclusion: The13C-GBT is a practical and non-invasive method to screen for IR in adolescents with reasonable sensitivity and specificity. ER  - 
Acute Intermittent Porphyria in children: A case report and review of the literature; Acute Intermittent Porphyria (AIP), an autosomal dominant inborn error of heme metabolism, typically presents in adulthood, most often in women in the reproductive age group. There are limited reports on the clinical presentation in children, and in contrast to the adults, most of the reported pediatric cases are male. While acute abdominal pain is the most common presenting symptom in children, seizures are commonly seen and may precede the diagnosis of AIP. As an example, we report a 9 year old developmentally normal pre-pubertal boy who presented with acute abdominal pain, vomiting and constipation followed by hyponatremia, seizures, weakness and neuropathy. After a diagnostic odyssey, his urine porphobilinogen was found to be significantly elevated and genetic testing showed a previously unreported consensus splice-site mutation IVS4-1G > A in the HMBS gene confirming the diagnosis of AIP. Here, we discuss the clinical presentation in this case, and 15 reported pediatric cases since the last review 30 years ago and discuss the differential diagnosis and challenges in making the diagnosis in children. We review the childhood-onset cases reported in the Longitudinal Study of the Porphyrias Consortium. Of these, genetically and biochemically confirmed patients, 11 of 204 (5%) reported onset of attacks in childhood. Most of these patients (91%) reported recurrent attacks following the initial presentation. Thus, AIP should be considered in the differential diagnosis of children presenting with unexplained abdominal pain, seizures, weakness and neuropathy. ER  - 
Ethnic and sex differences in adiponectin: From childhood to adulthood; Context: Insulin resistance (IR) and type 2 diabetes are increasing, particularly in Hispanic (H) vs non-Hispanic White (NHW) populations. Adiponectin has a known role in IR, and therefore, understanding ethnic and sex-specific behavior of adiponectin across the lifespan is of clinical significance. Objective: To compare ethnic and sex differences in adiponectin, independent of body mass index, across the lifespan and relationship to IR. Design: Cross-sectional. Setting: Primary care, referral center. Patients:Atotal of 187NHWand 117Hparticipants (8-57 y) without diabetes. Life stage: Pre-/early puberty (Tanner 1/2), midpubertal (Tanner 3/4), late pubertal (Tanner 5, ≥21 years), and adult (Tanner 5, ≥21). Interventions: None. Main Outcome Measure(s): Fasting adiponectin, insulin, glucose, and revised homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance. Results: Adiponectin was significantly inversely correlated with revised homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance. Regarding puberty, adiponectin trended downward in late puberty, but only males were significantly lower in adulthood. By sex, adiponectin was lower in adult males vs females of both ethnicities. Regarding ethnicity,Hadults of both sexes had lower adiponectin than NHW adults. Of note, in NHW females, adiponectin trended highest in adulthood, whereas in H females, adiponectin fell in late puberty and remained lower in adulthood. Conclusions: Adiponectin inversely correlated with IR, trended down in late puberty, and was lowest in adult males. H adults of both sexes had lower adiponectin than NHW adults, and H females followed a more "male pattern," lacking the rebound in adiponectin seen inNHWfemales after puberty. These data suggest that adiponectin, independent of body mass index, may relate to the greater cardiometabolic risk seen in H populations and in particular H females. ER  - 
Maternal preeclampsia and androgens in the offspring around puberty: A follow-up study; Background Children born after preeclampsia may have a dominant androgen profile in puberty compared with other children. Circulating androgen concentrations at 11-12 years of age were compared between offspring born after preeclampsia, and children whose mothers did not have preeclampsia. Methods: A total of 611 mother-offspring pairs were followed up 11 (daughters) or 12 (sons) years after birth: 218 pairs in the preeclampsia group, and 383 pairs without preeclampsia. Circulating total testosterone, androstenedione, dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHEAS), and insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) were measured in the children. In boys, testicular volume was also measured. Results: Among girls born after preeclampsia, DHEAS concentrations were higher than in unexposed girls (p<0.001), however, girls born after preeclampsia with severe features had the lowest DHEAS levels. In contrast, testosterone concentrations were highest in girls born after preeclampsia with severe features, both compared to other girls in the preeclampsia group, and compared to unexposed girls (p<0.001). For boys, testosterone concentrations were higher in the preeclampsia group compared with unexposed boys (p<0.001), and boys born after preeclampsia with severe features had the lowest concentrations of DHEAS. Compared with unexposed boys, testicular volume (p = 0.015) and IGF-I (p = 0.004) were higher for boys in the preeclampsia group, except for boys in the clinically severe preeclampsia group. Conclusions: In utero exposure to preeclampsia is associated with androgen hormonal patterns in early puberty that depend on clinical severity of preeclampsia and sex of the offspring. The hormonal differences may reflect different timing of pubertal development, and may have consequences for future health of the offspring. ER  - 
Allopregnanolone is reduced in patients with pcdh19-related epilepsy; Purpose: The inherit base of PCDH19-related epilepsy suggests a hormonal involvement due to de-regulation of AKR1C1-3 genes, which encode for crucial steroid hormone-metabolizing enzymes. Both mRNA and protein levels of AKR1C3 have been reported to be decreased in a small number of PCDH19 mutated patients. Aim of this study is to verify allopregnanolone and other neuroactive steroids serum levels in PCDH19 mutated patients. Methods: We performed a prospective case-control study. We enrolled 12 patients affected by PCDH19-related epilepsy and 15 controls, ageand sex-matched. Controls were recruited among subjects evaluated for praecox puberty or hyperandrogenism. In both groups blood samples were taken at basal (T0) and 60 min after (ACTH) administration (T1). Quantitative analysis of neuroactive steroids in serum was performed by liquid chromatography-electrospray tandem mass spectrometry. Study population: median age of PCDH19-mutated patients was 8.3 ± 5.7 years (range 2.5-18.9). Other than epilepsy, 6 patients had mental retardation. Controls were all females, age 9.2 ± 4.0 years (range 6.1-17.9). All controls had a normal cognitive profile. Nine patients had a diagnosis of praecox puberty and 6 hyperandrogenism. Results: All neuroactive steroids resulted down produced in patients with PCDH19-related epilepsy rather than controls. At basal assessment (T0), allopregnanolone was 0.9 ± 0.5 vs. 0.18 ± 0.9 ng/ml (p < 0.05); pregnanolone was 0.0 ± 0.5 vs. 0.3 ± 0.5 ng/ml (p > 0.05), but pregnanolone sulfate was 7.39 ± 5.53 vs. 75.41 ± 52.69 ng/ml (p < 0.05). Also cortisol, progesterone and 17-OH progesterone resulted to be lowered in PCDH19-mutated patients compared with controls. After ACTH injection (T1), both neuroactive steroids and the other peripheral steroids were confirmed to be lower compared with controls. ACTH test demonstrated a normal functioning of peripheral glands. Conclusion: We documented a down regulation of all steroidogenesis in PCDH19-related epilepsy. Particularly, we found allopregnanolone and pregnenolone sulfate deficiency. Allopregnanolone is a GABA-A receptor modulator influencing neuronal excitability, thus representing a realistic therapeutic target for PCDH19-related epilepsy. ER  - 
The impact of obesity on hyperandrogenemia in Korean girls; Purpose: As metabolic complication and polycystic ovarian syndrome due to childhood obesity is rising, the role of hyperandrogenemia (HA) and hyper-insulinism is receiving attention. The aims of this study were to investigate the presence of obvious HA according to pubertal status and to find potential etiologic determinants of HA in Korean obese (OB) girls. Methods: We analyzed 91 girls aged 6–17 years (prepuberty, n=54; puberty, n=37). Each girl was classified as being either normal weight (NW) or OB. Anthropometric measurements were obtained and blood test was performed early in the morning after at least 8 hours of fasting to measure glucose, insulin, total testosterone, sex hormone-binding globulin, dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHEAS), luteinizing hormone (LH), follicular-stimulating hormone, estradiol, and progesterone. Results: The plasma levels of free testosterone (FT) and DHEAS were markedly higher in OB girls compared to NW girls in puberty (FT, P=0.009; DHEAS, P=0.046) but not in prepuberty (FT, P=0.183; DHEAS, P=0.052). Hyperinsulinemia and high homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) values were found regardless of pubertal status in OB girls. The significant related factor to HA in puberty was the body mass index Z-score (P=0.003). But HOMA-IR, LH, and progesterone levels were not relevant to HA in pubertal girls. Conclusion: OB prepubertal girls did not show HA in the present study but they should be regularly monitored because they already had hyperinsulinemia. OB pubertal girls had significant HA and hyperinsulinemia, and obesity per se was the most important factor for HA. ER  - 
Prevalence and factors associated with Metabolic Syndrome climacteric women in Southeastern Brazil; Objective: To estimate the MS prevalence and identify factors associated in climacteric women. Design: Cross-sectional and analytical study, realized in 2014 and 2015. Population of 30.018 women, age of 40 to 65 years registered in 73 Family Health Strategies of Montes Claros, Minas Gerais, Brazil. Sampling type probabilistic, with sample of 895 women. The data collect was by questionnaires (sociodemographic, behavioural, reproductive, gynecologic and clinic), anthropometric rating and blood collect. The dependent variable was the MS, according National Cholesterol Education Program-Adult Treatment Panel III (NCEP-ATPIII), which claim the diagnostic, the presence of 3 or more of next factors: waist circumference(≥88 cm), blood pressure(- ≥130ou≥85mmHg), high density lipoprotein cholesterol(>50 mg/dL), triglycerides( ≥150 mg/dL) and fasting glycemia (≥110 mg/dL). Were realized descriptive, biraviate and multiple analysis through hierarchical regression model of Poisson. The measure of adopted association was the prevalence ratio (PR). Results: The MS prevalence was 56,5%. The prevalence rate for MS was presented in women with age of 46 to 51 years (1,32; 95% CI: 1,09-1,61), with 52 to 65 years (1,54; 95% CI: 1,29-1,84), with schooling in high school II (1,08; 95% CI: 0,92-1,29) and elementary school I (1,20; 95% CI: 1,03-1,40). After adjusting for socio-demographic factors, were observed the MS prevalence in women that eat less than 3 fruits a day (1,13; 95% CI: 1,00-1,29), with moderate to severe symptoms during climacteric (1,15; 95% CI: 1,02-1,30) and with early menarche (1,10; 95% CI: 0,83-1,21). And the volunteers already made tubal ligation (0,87; 95% CI: 0,76-0,99) and had late menarche (0,86; 95% CI: 0,75-1,00) were protection factors to the MS presence. For setting proximal level was appointed MS prevalence rate to women with overweight and obesity (1,67; 95% CI: 1,38-2,03) and altered waist-hip ratio (WHR) (1,26; 95% CI: 1,08-1,47). Conclusion: The older women, with low schooling level, who eat a few fruits, have moderate to severe climacteric symptoms, with early menarche, with overweight and obesity and with altered WHR presented the biggest MS prevalence and those who already made tubal ligation and had late menarche presented lower prevalence of MS. ER  - 
Serum and urine insulin-like growth factor-1 as biochemical growth maturity indicators; INTRODUCTION: Biochemical markers are agents directly involved in bone growth and remodeling and can be quantitatively evaluated from various biologic fluids. The aim of this study was to assess the changes in the levels of insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) in serum and urine as a growth maturity indicator and to compare them with the cervical vertebral maturation radiographic stages. METHODS: The study was conducted with 72 female subjects aged 8 to 20 years. Cervical vertebral maturation stages, and serum and urine IGF-1 levels were recorded for all subjects, and the subjects were equally divided into the 6 cervical vertebral maturation groups. Median values of IGF-1 for each stage of cervical vertebral maturation were calculated and statistically compared with those of the other stages. RESULTS: The levels of serum and urine IGF-1 at stage 4 of cervical vertebral maturation were significantly higher than those from the other stages (P <0.01). Stage 4 corresponded to a mean age of 13.67 years. A significant correlation was observed between serum and urine IGF-1 (P <0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Urine IGF-1 follows the growth curve similar to serum IGF-1. Thus, urine IGF-1 may be regarded as a promising noninvasive tool for growth assessment. Further research is necessary to validate these results in a different population and with a larger sample. ER  - 
Primary Gonadal Insufficiency in Male and Female Childhood Cancer Survivors in a Long-Term Follow-Up Clinic; Purpose: Childhood cancer survivors (CCS) are at increased risk of primary gonadal insufficiency (PGI). This study evaluated the prevalence and clinical characteristics of PGI in CCS. Methods: In this single-center, retrospective, observational, longitudinal study, we characterized CCS with PGI attending the oncology Long-Term Follow-Up (LTFU) Clinic at an Australian university hospital (January 2012-August 2014). From a cohort of 276 CCS, 54 (32 males) met criteria for PGI: Elevated gonadotropins plus low estradiol/amenorrhoea (females) or low testosterone/small testicles for age (males). Results: Median age at primary diagnosis was 4.8 years (inter-quartile range [IQR] 3.0-9.7 years) and at LTFU, it was 22.3 years (IQR 18.2-25.7 years). Fifty-three participants (98.1%) were treated with known highly gonadotoxic therapies: Alkylating chemotherapy (96.3%), radiotherapy (70.3%), total body irradiation (29.6%), bone marrow transplantation (51.9%), or multimodal protocols (68.5%). At primary diagnosis, 86.7% participants were Tanner stage I and at LTFU, 89.1% participants were Tanner stage V. More females (95.5%; n = 21) than males (40.6%; n = 13) were treated with hormone development therapy (HDT) (p < 0.01). Of these, more than half (n = 18; 7 males) required pubertal induction. There was no significant difference in serum luteinizing hormone/follicle stimulating hormone (LH/FSH), testosterone/estradiol between those untreated and those treated with HDT. Among those on HDT, 60.7% had persistently elevated FSH±LH and 33.3% had low testosterone or estradiol. Six males had semen analysis (five azoospermic, one oligospermic). Psychological assessment was documented in 61.1% of participants, and two-thirds reported fertility concerns. Conclusion: PGI is an evolving phenotype that is common in CCS. Suboptimal treatment and non-adherence occur frequently. Ongoing assessment is essential to ensure prompt diagnosis, adequate intervention and to promote HDT adherence. ER  - 
Hypertriglyceridemic Waist Phenotype Indicates Insulin Resistance in Adolescents According to the Clamp Technique in the BRAMS Study; OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to identify cutoff points for detecting hypertriglyceridemic waist phenotype (HTWP) in adolescents and to investigate the association of the HTWP with insulin resistance (IR) and metabolic syndrome components. METHODS: A multicentric cross-sectional study of 861 adolescents (10-19 years of age, 504 girls) was conducted. Pubertal stage, anthropometric, and laboratory parameters were assessed. IR was assessed by Homeostasis Model Assessment for Insulin Resistance (HOMA1-IR) index and hyperglycemic clamp (n = 80). HTWP was defined by the presence of increased plasma triglycerides (TGs) and increased waist circumference (WC) according to cutoff points obtained in ROC curve analysis given the HOMA1-IR index as a reference method. RESULTS: Cutoffs for WC and TGs, with a higher sum of sensitivity (S) and specificity (E), were, respectively: >84 cm (S:65.1%, E:71.9%) and >87 mg/dL (S:65.1%, E:73.4%) in pubertal girls; >88.5 cm (S:80.2%, E:60.2%) and >78 mg/dL (S:60.5%, E:53.2%) in postpubertal girls; >94 cm (S:73.1%, E:83.1%) and >79 mg/dL (S:61.5%, E:60.2%) in pubertal boys; and >99 cm (S:81.3%, E:78.7%) and >86 mg/dL in postpubertal boys (S:68.1%, E:60.7%). HTWP frequency was 27.5%. In the phenotype presence, after adjustment for age and pubertal stage, blood pressure and fasting glucose levels were elevated and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol was lower (p < 0.001). Adolescents with the HTWP showed more IR, evaluated both by the HOMA1-IR and by the clamp test (p < 0.003). CONCLUSION: The findings suggest HTWP as an IR status in adolescents. Cutoff point standardization for gender and pubertal stage, combined with the ease of application of the method, may allow their use for screening adolescents who would most benefit from lifestyle changes. ER  - 
Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Is Not Associated with the Relationship between Insulin Secretion and Insulin Sensitivity in Obese Children: Matched Case-Control Study; BACKGROUND: No study so far has evaluated the relationship between insulin secretion (ISEC) and insulin sensitivity (ISEN) in pediatric nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). We evaluated the relationship between ISEC and ISEN in young obese patients with and without NAFLD. METHODS: We matched 401 NAFLD+ and 595 NAFLD- children by sex (same), age (≤1 year), pubertal status (same), and body mass index (BMI; ≤0.05 standard deviation scores) using coarsened exact matching. The insulinogenic index and the ratio between the incremental areas under the curve of insulin and glucose were used as indices of ISEC. The quantitative ISEN check index, the oral glucose ISEN index, the Stumvoll index, and the Matsuda ISEN index were used as indices of ISEN. The association of NAFLD with the relationship between ISEC (response) and ISEN (predictor) was evaluated using median regression. RESULTS: The NAFLD·ISEN interaction was not significant in any regression model, implying commons slopes for NAFLD+ and NAFLD- children. When such interaction was removed from the models, the NAFLD term was not significant, implying commons intercepts for NAFLD+ and NAFLD- children. CONCLUSION: NAFLD is not associated with the relationship between ISEN and ISEC in young obese children strictly matched for sex, age, pubertal status, and BMI. ER  - 
Oestradiol levels and superoxide dismutase activity in age-related cataract: a case-control study; BACKGROUND: It has been suggested that the higher prevalence of cataract in women is caused by a withdrawal effect of oestrogen at menopause. In vitro studies have demonstrated protection of serum oestradiol (E2) against oxidative stress through upregulation of antioxidant enzymes, including superoxide dismutase (SOD). The purpose of the present study was to investigate E2 levels and SOD erythrocyte activity in patients with age-related cataract. METHODS: The studied subjects consisted of 103 patients with age-related cataract and 22 controls. Cataracts were classified as nuclear, cortical, or posterior subcapsular. Blood samples were collected and data on smoking, hormonal use, diabetes and age at menarche/menopause was obtained for all individuals. Serum oestradiol analyses were performed with radioimmunoassay (RIA) and SOD activity was measured in erythrocyte lysates. RESULTS: A negative correlation between age and E2 concentration was seen in a linear regression analysis. No correlation was seen between SOD activity and age or gender and no correlation between E2 levels and SOD activity was found using multiple linear regression. The mean level of E2 for all male subjects was 50.1 ± 16.3 pmol/L, significantly higher compared to 13.8 ± 11.8 pmol/L for postmenopausal women. CONCLUSION: The present study does not support a role for E2-induced effects on SOD in cataract formation. The findings of higher E2 levels in men than in postmenopausal women may suggest that decreased oestrogen at menopause is partially responsible for the gender-related difference in cataract prevalence. However, the latter can only be verified through prospective randomized trials using hormonal replacement therapy. ER  - 
Determinants of High Fasting Insulin and Insulin Resistance Among Overweight/Obese Adolescents; Hyperinsulinaemia is the earliest subclinical metabolic abnormality, which precedes insulin resistance in obese children. An investigation was conducted on the potential predictors of fasting insulin and insulin resistance among overweight/obese adolescents in a developing Asian country. A total of 173 overweight/obese (BMI > 85th percentile) multi-ethnic Malaysian adolescents aged 13 were recruited from 23 randomly selected schools in this cross-sectional study. Waist circumference (WC), body fat percentage (BF%), physical fitness score (PFS), fasting glucose and fasting insulin were measured. Insulin resistance was calculated using homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). Adjusted stepwise multiple regression analysis was performed to predict fasting insulin and HOMA-IR. Covariates included pubertal stage, socioeconomic status, nutritional and physical activity scores. One-third of our adolescents were insulin resistant, with girls having significantly higher fasting insulin and HOMA-IR than boys. Gender, pubertal stage, BMI, WC and BF% had significant, positive moderate correlations with fasting insulin and HOMA-IR while PFS was inversely correlated (p < 0.05). Fasting insulin was primarily predicted by gender-girls (Beta = 0.305, p < 0.0001), higher BMI (Beta = -0.254, p = 0.02) and greater WC (Beta = 0.242, p = 0.03). This study demonstrated that gender, BMI and WC are simple predictors of fasting insulin and insulin resistance in overweight/obese adolescents. ER  - 
Gonadal function is associated with cardiometabolic health in pre-pubertal boys with Klinefelter syndrome; The most common sex chromosome aneuploidy, Klinefelter syndrome (KS), is associated with primary gonadal failure and increased morbidity and mortality from cardiometabolic disorders in adulthood. Children with KS also have a high prevalence of metabolic syndrome (MetS) features. To assess the relationship of gonadal and cardiometabolic function in children with KS, we evaluated serum hormones [gonadotropins, inhibin B (INHB), anti-mullerian hormone (AMH), total testosterone (TT)], and features of MetS (waist circumference, fasting lipid panel, fasting blood glucose (FBG), and blood pressure) in 93 pre-pubertal boys with KS age 4–12 years (mean 7.7 ± 2.5 years). The cohort was grouped by age and tanner stage, and biomarkers were compared to normal ranges. A total of 80% of this pre-pubertal cohort had ≥1 feature of metabolic syndrome (MetS) and 11% had ≥3 features of MetS. Risk of MetS was independent of age and body mass index. Sertoli cell dysfunction was common with 18% having an INHB below the normal range. A low INHB was associated with higher FBG, triglycerides, LDL, and lower HDL (p < 0.05). An INHB <50 ng/dL yielded a sensitivity of 83% and a specificity of 79% for having ≥3 features of MetS. INHB and AMH positively correlated with each other (p < 0.001), and high AMH was protective of MetS. TT was below the lower limit of normal in 49% of subjects, with mean values significantly lower than expected (3.3 ng/dL vs. 4.9 ng/dL, p < 0.0001), however, no convincing relationship between TT and MetS was seen. In conclusion, gonadal and cardiometabolic dysfunction are prevalent in pre-pubertal boys with KS. Although the relationship of testosterone deficiency and MetS is well-known, this study is the first to report an association between impaired Sertoli cell function and cardiometabolic risk. ER  - 
Evidence for energy conservation during pubertal growth. A 10-year longitudinal study (EarlyBird 71); Background: Diabetes is closely linked to obesity, and obesity rates climb during adolescence for reasons that are not clear. Energy efficiency is important to obesity, and we describe a temporary but substantial fall in absolute energy expenditure, compatible with improved energy efficiency, during the rapid growth phase of puberty.Methods: In a longitudinal cohort study lasting 10 years, we measured voluntary energy expenditure as physical activity (PA) by accelerometry, involuntary energy expenditure as resting energy expenditure (REE) by oxygen consumption, body mass index (BMI) and body composition by dual energy X-ray absorptiometry annually on 10 occasions from 7 to 16 years in the 347 children of the EarlyBird study. We used mixed effects modelling to analyse the trends in REE and their relationship to BMI, lean mass (LM), fat mass (FM), age, PA and pubertal stage. Results: Relative REE and total PA fell during puberty, as previously described, but the longitudinal data and narrow age-range of the cohort (s.d.±4m) revealed for the first time a substantial fall in absolute REE during the period of maximum growth. The fall became clearer still when adjusted for FM and LM. The fall could not be explained by fasting insulin, adiponectin, leptin, luteinising hormone or follicle stimulating hormone. Conclusions: There appears to be a temporary but substantial reduction in energy expenditure during puberty, which is unrelated to changes in body composition. If it means higher energy efficiency, the fall in REE could be advantageous in an evolutionary context to delivering the extra energy needed for pubertal growth, but unfavourable to weight gain in a contemporary environment. ER  - 
Endocrine late effects in paediatric brain tumour survivors; Background/Objectives: To evaluate endocrine late effects in childhood brain tumour survivors. Design/Methods: A population-based cross-sectional study; fifty-two (69%) out of 75 invited brain tumour survivors diagnosed at younger than 17 years of age between 1983-1997 and treated in Tampere University Hospital, Finland, were examined at a mean age of 14.2 (range 3.8-28.7) years after a mean follow-up time of 7.5 (1.5-15.1) years. Twenty-nine (56%) were treated by surgery only. Twenty (38%) had received cranial irradiation and 17 (33%) chemotherapy; 14 (27%) both radiotherapy and chemotherapy. Laboratory tests included serum estradiol in female and testosterone in male patients, for both sexes serum follicle-stimulating hormone, luteinizing hormone, prolactin, cortisol, insulin-like growth factor (IGF-1), thyroid-stimulating hormone and free thyroxine. Results: Thirteen patients (25%) received hormone substitution, nine (17%) more than one. Ten (19%) received thyroxine. New cases of thyroid dysfunction were not found. Twelve (23%) had growth hormone deficiency (GHD) and four of them received GH treatment. Based on IGF-1 measurements new GHD cases were not found. One (2%) received treatment because of sexual precocity. Six (12%) had hypogonadism and received sex hormone replacement. In addition two had high gonadotropin levels, so altogether eight of 36 pubertal/postpubertal patients (22%) had sex hormone deficiency. Seven (13%) had hyperprolactinemia. One female had a child. Four (8%) received glucocorticoid and one of them also mineralocorticoid treatment. Hypocortisolism appeared in six (12%). Three (6%) had diabetes insipidus and desmopressin treatment. Altogether 22 (42%) had one or more above mentioned endocrine abnormalities. Hormonal abnormalities were statistically significantly associated with tumour location in sellar/ parasellar region, radiotherapy and/or chemotherapy. Conclusion: Almost half of the survivors had endocrine late effects. GHD, hypothyreosis and hypogonadism were the most common endocrine late effects. Undiagnosed hypogonadism, hypocortisolism and hyperprolactinemia appeared. These findings underscore the importance of careful follow-up. ER  - 
Duration of reproductive lifespan and age at menarche in relation to metabolic syndrome in postmenopausal Chinese women; Aim: This study aimed to assess the associations between menstrual characteristics and the prevalence of metabolic syndrome (MetS) and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. Methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted with a sample of 1625 postmenopausal women in China. Subjects were classified into three groups according to the tertiles of some variables related to the reproductive life. We assessed associations in multivariable-adjusted analyses, using logistic regressions. Results: After adjustments for confounding factors, the odds ratios (OR) for predicting the presence of MetS increased gradually: as the years of menstruation increased (18–34 years vs 35–37 years vs 38–46 years: OR [95% confidence interval (CI)] = 1 vs 1.231 [0.942–1.610] vs 1.309 [0.985–1.740], respectively); as age at menopause increased (31–48 years vs 49–51 years vs 52–59 years: OR [95%CI] = 1 vs 1.115 [0.846–1.469] vs 1.315 [0.986–1.753], respectively); and as age at menarche decrease (11–13 years vs 14–15 years vs 16–20 years: OR [95%CI] = 1 vs 0.950 [0.728–1.240] vs 0.862 [0.610–1.119], respectively). Among the components of MetS, the highest tertile of years of menstruation was significantly associated with elevated waist circumference (OR =1.401 [95%CI = 1.092–1.798]), and elevated triglyceride (OR =1.220 [95%CI = 0.934–1.593]). Nevertheless, the association between these reproductive factors and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease was not significant. Conclusion: Longer duration of menstruation and earlier age at menarche were significantly associated with a higher risk of central obesity and MetS in postmenopausal Chinese women. ER  - 
Long-term outcomes of letrozole treatment for precocious puberty in girls with McCune-Albright syndrome; Objective: McCune-Albright syndrome (MAS) is a rare disorder with a broad spectrum including precocious puberty (PP) due to recurrent estrogen-secreting ovarian cysts. This study evaluates the long-term safety and efficacy of letrozole treatment in large cohort of girls with MAS-associated PP. Design: Retrospective cohort analysis. Methods: Clinical data, including history and physical examination, bone age, and pelvic ultrasounds, were reviewed on 28 letrozole-treated girls. Adult height was reviewed for 42 historical controls. Outcomes included rate of skeletal maturation, growth velocity, predicted adult height and adult height. Results: Twenty-eight girls received letrozole treatment. Treatment duration was 4.1 ± 2.6 years (mean ± 1 s.d.) (range: 0.5-10.9) and mean follow-up was 6.0 ± 3.3 years (range: 0.5-15.0), for a total of 135.9 person-years of follow-up. Letrozole treatment was highly effective at decreasing the rate of skeletal maturation, with a decline in change in bone age over change in chronological age (ΔBA/ΔCA) from 1.7 (IQR: 2.3) to 0.5 (IQR: 0.4) (P < 0.0001), and growth velocity Z-scores, which declined from 2.2 ± 2.3 to -0.6 ± 1.6 (P = 0.0004). Predicted adult height Z-scores increased significantly from -2.9 ± 3.2 to -0.8 ± 1.5 for subjects on treatment (P = 0.004). Four subjects who completed treatment reached adult height Z-scores ranging from -1.5 to 1.7 (median: -0.6), which were increased in comparison with untreated historical controls (P = 0.02). There was no change in uterine size or ovarian volumes, and no adverse events over the treatment period. Conclusions: In this study with the longest follow-up to date, letrozole treatment resulted in sustained beneficial effects on skeletal maturation, growth velocity and predicted adult height. ER  - 
Metabolic Syndrome and Associated Factors in a Population-Based Sample of Schoolchildren in Colombia: The FUPRECOL Study; Background: In contrast to the definition of metabolic syndrome (MetS) in adults, there is no standard definition of MetS in pediatric populations. We aimed at assessing the differences in the prevalence of MetS in children and adolescents aged 9-17 years using four different operational definitions for these age groups and at examining the associated variables. Methods: A total of 675 children and 1247 adolescents attending public schools in Bogota (54.4% girls; age range 9-17.9 years) were included. The prevalence of MetS was determined by the definitions provided by the International Diabetes Federation (IDF) and three published studies by Cook et al., de Ferranti et al., and Ford et al. In addition, we further examined the associations between each definition of MetS in the total sample and individual risk factors using binary logistic regression models adjusted for gender, age, pubertal stage, weight status, and inflammation in all participants. Results: The prevalence of MetS was 0.3%, 6.3%, 7.8%, and 11.0% according to the definitions by IDF, Cook et al., Ford et al., and de Ferranti et al., respectively. The most prevalent components were low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and high triglyceride levels, whereas the least prevalent components were higher waist circumference and hyperglycemia. Overall, the prevalence of MetS was higher in obese than in non-obese schoolchildren. Conclusions: MetS diagnoses in schoolchildren strongly depend on the definition chosen. These findings may be relevant to health promotion efforts for Colombian youth to develop prospective studies and to define which cut-offs are the best indicators of future morbidity. ER  - 
Cohort profile: Pacific Islands Families (PIF) growth study, Auckland, New Zealand; Purpose: This article profiles a birth cohort of Pacific children participating in an observational prospective study and describes the study protocol used at ages 14-15 years to investigate how food and activity patterns, metabolic risk and family and built environment are related to rates of physical growth of Pacific children. Participants: From 2000 to 2015, the Pacific Islands Families Study has followed, from birth, the growth and development of over 1000 Pacific children born in Auckland, New Zealand. In 2014, 931 (66%) of the original cohort had field measures of body composition, blood pressure and glycated haemoglobin. A nested subsample (n=204) was drawn by randomly selecting 10 males and 10 females from each decile of body weight. These participants had measurement of body composition by dual-energy Xray absorptiometry, food frequency, 6 min walk test and accelerometer-determined physical activity and sedentary behaviours, and blood biomarkers for metabolic disease such as diabetes. Built environment variables were generated from individual addresses. Findings to date: Compared to the Centres for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) reference population with mean SD scores (SDS) of 0, this cohort of 931 14-year-olds was taller, weighed more and had a higher body mass index (BMI) (mean SDS height >0.6, weight >1.6 and BMI >1.4). 7 of 10 youth were overweight or obese. The nested-sampling frame achieved an even distribution by body weight. Future plans: Cross-sectional relationships between body size, fatness and growth rate, food patterns, activity patterns, pubertal development, risks for diabetes and hypertension and the family and wider environment will be examined. In addition, analyses will investigate relationships with data collected earlier in the life course and measures of the cohort in the future. Understanding past and present influences on child growth and health will inform timely interventions to optimise future health and reduce inequalities for Pacific people. ER  - 
High-Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein and Leptin Levels Related to Body Mass Index Changes Throughout Childhood; Objectives To analyze the association between high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) levels and cardiovascular risk factors in healthy school children, and to evaluate whether changes in body mass index (BMI) category throughout childhood affect hs-CRP levels. Study design We measured serum hs-CRP levels, lipid profile, insulin levels, and leptin levels in 683 prepubertal children and 748 adolescents. A total of 272 children participated in the study in both cohorts, prepubertal (baseline; age 6-8 years) and adolescents (follow-up; age 12-16 years). Results Compared with their normal weight (NW) counterparts, hs-CRP levels were significantly higher in obese and overweight (OW) adolescents and obese prepubertal children. The highest hs-CRP levels were seen in children who were OW at baseline and at follow-up, and the lowest levels in those who transitioned from OW at baseline to NW at follow-up. High-density lipoprotein cholesterol and apolipoprotein A-I levels decreased across the hs-CRP tertile in both prepubertal children and adolescents, with significant differences (P < .001) in concentrations between the highest and lowest tertiles in 6- to 8-year-old boys and girls and in 12- to 16-year-old boys. The hs-CRP levels were also significantly associated with leptin levels in both prepubertal children and adolescents, with a significant increase across hs-CRP tertiles (P < .001). Conclusions The shift from OW to NW throughout childhood is associated with a decrease in hs-CRP level to below that observed in children who maintain NW throughout childhood. Leptin levels were strongly associated with hs-CRP levels in our population independent of BMI. Our findings suggest that an obesity-related chronic inflammatory state may be reversible by improving weight status. ER  - 
Glucose-6-Phosphate Dehydrogenase Deficiency and Physical and Mental Health until Adolescence; Background To examine the association of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency with adolescent physical and mental health, as effects of G6PD deficiency on health are rarely reported. Methods In a population-representative Chinese birth cohort: "Children of 1997" (n = 8,327), we estimated the adjusted associations of G6PD deficiency with growth using generalized estimating equations, with pubertal onset using interval censored regression, with hospitalization using Cox proportional hazards regression and with size, blood pressure, pubertal maturation and mental health using linear regression with multiple imputation and inverse probability weighting. Results Among 5,520 screened adolescents (66% follow-up), 4.8% boys and 0.5% girls had G6PD deficiency. G6PD-deficiency was not associated with birth weight-for-gestational age or length/height gain into adolescence, but was associated with lower childhood body mass index (BMI) gain (-0.38 z-score, 95% confidence interval (CI) -0.57, -0.20), adjusted for sex and parental education, and later onset of pubic hair development (time ratio = 1.029, 95% CI 1.007, 1.050). G6PD deficiency was not associated with blood pressure, height, BMI or mental health in adolescence, nor with serious infectious morbidity until adolescence. Conclusions G6PD deficient adolescents had broadly similar physical and mental health indicators, but transiently lower BMI gain and later pubic hair development, whose long-term implications warrant investigation. ER  - 
Osteopontin is BMI-independently related to early endothelial dysfunction in children; Context: Osteopontin (OPN) has been proposed to predict adverse cardiac events in patients with adult type 2 diabetes. Objective:Weinvestigated potential associations of circulatingOPNandOPNexpression in adipose tissue (AT) with obesity and early metabolic and cardiovascular dysfunction in children. Furthermore, we assessed the functional relevance of OPN on primary human endothelial cells. Design: Serum OPN was determined in healthy lean (n=65) and obese (n=100) children by ELISA. Expression levels were assessed in sc AT samples from healthy lean (n = 33) and overweight and obese (n = 31) children by qRT-PCR. Direct effects of recombinant (rh) OPN on adhesion molecule and ENOS expression were assessed in human coronary arterial endothelial cells. Results: OPN serum concentrations decreased with pubertal development in lean children. The degree of obesity was negatively associated with OPN serum levels. Multiple regression analysis revealed that body mass index (BMI) standard deviation score (SDS), next to pubertal status, was the strongest independent predictor for OPN serum concentrations. Metabolically, the homeostasis model assessment index and circulating plasma insulin were negatively correlated with OPN serum levels secondary to obesity. In contrast, independent from BMI, OPN was positively related to VCAM-1 levels, intima media thickening, and negatively associated with endothelial function. Functionally, full-length rhOPN did not affect adhesion molecule and ENOS mRNA expression in primary human coronary arterial endothelial cells. In addition, OPN expression levels in AT positively correlated with BMI SDS, AT inflammation, and markers of metabolic dysfunction but were not related to OPN serum levels. Conclusion:Ourfindings suggest thatOPNlevels are BMI-independently related to markers of early endothelial dysfunction in children. (J Clin Endocrinol Metab 101: 4161-4169, 2016). ER  - 
Pediatric Idiopathic Intracranial Hypertension: Age, Gender, and Anthropometric Features at Diagnosis in a Large, Retrospective, Multisite Cohort; Purpose To examine anthropometric and maturational characteristics at diagnosis in pediatric idiopathic intracranial hypertension (IIH). Design Retrospective, international, multisite study. Participants Pediatric patients (2–18 years of age at diagnosis) with IIH. Main Outcome Measures Body mass index (BMI), height, and weight Z-scores; sexual maturation. Methods Cases of IIH were identified retrospectively based on diagnostic code, pediatric neuro-ophthalmologist databases, or both and updated diagnostic criteria (2013) were applied to confirm definite IIH. Anthropometric measurements were converted into age- and gender-specific height, weight, and BMI Z-scores CDC 2000 growth charts. When available, sexual maturation was noted. Results Two hundred thirty-three cases of definite IIH were identified across 8 sites. In boys, a moderate association between age and BMI Z-scores was noted (Pearson's correlation coefficient, 0.50; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.30–0.66; P < 0.001; n = 72), and in girls, a weak association was noted (Pearson's correlation coefficient, 0.34; 95% CI, 0.20–0.47; P < 0.001; n = 161). The average patient was more likely to be overweight at diagnosis at age 6.7 years in girls and 8.7 years in boys, and obese at diagnosis at age 12.5 years in girls and 12.4 years in boys. Compared with age- and gender-matched reference values, early adolescent patients were taller for age (P = 0.002 in girls and P = 0.02 in boys). Data on Tanner staging, menarchal status, or both were available in 25% of cases (n = 57/233). Prepubertal participants (n = 12) had lower average BMI Z-scores (0.95±1.98) compared with pubertal participants (n = 45; 1.92±0.60), but this result did not reach statistical significance (P = 0.09). Conclusions With updated diagnostic criteria and pediatric-specific assessments, the present study identifies 3 subgroups of pediatric IIH: a young group that is not overweight, an early adolescent group that is either overweight or obese, and a late adolescent group that is mostly obese. Data also suggest that the early adolescent group with IIH may be taller than age- and gender-matched reference values. Understanding these features of pediatric IIH may help to illuminate the complex pathogenesis of this condition. ER  - 
Longitudinal growth in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes; Objective: To study longitudinal growth in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus. Methods: Anthropometry, disease duration, insulin regimens and HbA1C recorded from patients with diabetes enrolled in a specialty clinic. Results: 160 children (75 boys; mean (SD) age 9.4 (3.3) y) were enrolled. 35% children had low (<25th centile) height velocity. Disease duration and HbA1C affected height velocity (adjusted for puberty). Children on basal-bolus had higher height velocity Z scores than those on a split mix regimen [(0.5(1.6) vs. -0.3(1.4), P<0.05)]. Children diagnosed before 5 years of age had lowest height velocity. Of the children who reached final height, 53% remained below target height. Conclusion: Children with type 1 diabetes mellitus have lower height velocity compared to healthy children; those diagnosed at younger age were at higher risk for growth failure. ER  - 
Bone fragility in patients with diabetes: Is it bone density or bone quality?; Bone strength in adulthood determined by bone strength achieved during growth, strength lost during advancing age, or an illness at any time. Bone formation is vigorous during growth. Varying degrees of periosteal apposition from site to site and point to point around a bone cross section along its length establish bone's external dimensions and shape. Endocortical resorptive modeling excavates the medullary canal until puberty. In girls endocortical formative modelling also thickens the cortex and contracts the medullary canal. Intracortical remodelling produces secondary osteonal bone with Haversian canals forming cortical porosity when canals are viewed in cross section. Metaphyseal endochondral apposition produces trabeculae formed at the growth plate. Trabeculae around the periphery of the growth plate coalesce forming metaphyseal cortical bone. In young adulthood, periosteal apposition slows. Remodelling continues, renewing the size, number and shape of cortical osteons and trabecular hemiosteons, renewing their lamellar configuration, the heterogeneity of matrix mineralization, collagen crosslinking, and matrix bound and unbound (vascular) water. Microstructure is preserved provided remodelling remains balanced. Around midlife, remodelling becomes unbalanced, and perhaps more so in the presence of illness such as diabetes. Deposition of less bone than resorbed produces a negative BMU balance so that each remodelling transaction produces microstructural deterioration. Unbalanced remodelling upon trabeculae produces trabecular thinning if reduced bone formation occurs due to fewer or shorter living osteoblasts. Trabecular perforation may occur if the remodelling imbalance is the result of increases resorption depth due to increased numbers or prolongation of osteoclast life span. Unbalanced intracortical and endocortical remodelling result in cortical porosity and thinning. If resorption depth is reduced osteons will be smaller producing a larger interosteonal matrix volume. If resorption depth is increased osteons will be larger producing a smaller interosteonal matrix. If the volume of bone formed by each remodeling event is reduced, the central canal may be larger and lamellar numbers will be reduced whatever the resorption depth. Rapid remodeling, after menopause, in hypogonadal men, or as part of an illness, accelerates microstructural deterioration, and reduces matrix mineral density by replacing more mineralized bonewith younger less fully mineralized bone. If illness reduces remodelling rate, progression of microstructural deterioration is slower but more complete matrix mineralization and greater glycosylation by advanced glycation end products may compromise material strength. Fracture risk in patients with diabetes is higher than in ageand sex-matched controls with the same BMD. Several of the morphological abnormalities discussed above may contribute to this risk. The most informative data is based on studies in animals. The two most consistently reported abnormalities in diabetes are a reduction in modeling based bone formation determining bone size and shape, and remodeling based bone formation influencing the microstructure of bone; each determinants of bone's structural strength, and accumulation of advanced glycation endproducts influencing bone's material strength. Reduced surface extent of periosteal bone formation and mineral appositional rate with increased endocortical eroded surface result in a smaller total cross-sectional area and cortical area in mice with type 1 diabetes. Rats with type 1 diabetes also have reduced cortical area and reduced trabecular vBMD. Insulin null mice have deficits in osteoblast numbers and reduced surface level bone formation rate and trabecular bone volume. Reduced total and cortical CSA is reported in humans with type 1 diabetes. Increased cortical porosity in human subjects is reported in some, but not all, studies. Increased non-enzymic glycosylation of type 1 collagen in rats with no change in BMD is associated with reduced toughness and maximum tolerated load capacity. Effects on matrix mineral density, bone water and osteonal morphology are not available. The burden of fractures in the community attributable to diabetes arises from the large numbers of persons with normal BMD or osteopenia, not the small high risk group with osteoporosis. The pathogenesis and morphological basis of the bone fragility in these patients remains largely unknown. BMD is a phenotype of comfort and convenience not reasoning. It is a two-dimensional shadow which provides insights into bone's structure and material composition about as well as earth's shadow on the moon captures earth's topology. ER  - 
Indications and adverse effects of statin therapy in children: A retrospective electronic medical record review; Introduction: Statins are the most commonly prescribed medications for primary and secondary prevention of coronary artery disease and stroke. Adverse drug reactions (ADRs) ranging from common myalgia to rhabdomyolysis with renal failure can occur. The indications for statin therapy and prevalence of statin ADRs in pediatrics have not been well described. Hypothesis: Statin ADRs occur less commonly in pediatric patients than in adults. Methods: Using electronic medical record (EMR) data, we abstracted charts of young subjects for whom statins were prescribed at Vanderbilt University Medical Center. We included 276 subjects with statin therapy initiated ≤21 years. Each record was reviewed manually for therapy indication, age at initiation, drug, dose(s), and reports of ADRs. Results: The most common indication for statin prescription in children was hypercholesterolemia, followed by renal disease, type 1 diabetes, and heart transplant. Only 10/276 (3.6%) subjects reported ADR to statins leading to a therapeutic change, lower than the 10-25% estimates from observational studies in adults. No pediatric patients were identified with rhabdomyolysis. Conclusions: ADRs during statin therapy in young patients are infrequent, mostly characterized by mild skeletal muscle symptoms, and rarely result in a change to statin therapy. The risk-to-benefit evaluation of using statin therapy in pediatrics with diverse indications appears favorable with regard to the incidence of skeletal muscle symptoms. However, our analysis does not address other concerns such as hormonal signaling in adolescent patients during times of rapid growth and pubertal development. (Table Presented). ER  - 
Insulin resistance in prepubertal obese children correlates with sex-dependent early onset metabolomic alterations; Background:Insulin resistance (IR) is usually the first metabolic alteration diagnosed in obese children and the key risk factor for development of comorbidities. The factors determining whether or not IR develops as a result of excess body mass index (BMI) are still not completely understood.Objectives:This study aimed to elucidate the mechanisms underpinning the predisposition toward hyperinsulinemia-related complications in obese children by using a metabolomic strategy that allows a profound interpretation of metabolic profiles potentially affected by IR.Methods:Serum from 60 prepubertal obese children (30 girls/30 boys, 50% IR and 50% non-IR in each group, but with similar BMIs) were analyzed by using liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry, gas chromatography-mass spectrometry and capillary electrophoresis-mass spectrometry following an untargeted metabolomics approach. Validation was then performed on a group of 100 additional children with the same characteristics.Results:When obese children with and without IR were compared, 47 metabolites out of 818 compounds (P<0.05) obtained after data pre-processing were found to be significantly different. Bile acids exhibit the greatest changes (that is, approximately a 90% increase in IR). The majority of metabolites differing between groups were lysophospholipids (15) and amino acids (17), indicating inflammation and central carbon metabolism as the most altered processes in impaired insulin signaling. Multivariate analysis (OPLS-DA models) showed subtle differences between groups that were magnified when females were analyzed alone.Conclusions:Inflammation and central carbon metabolism, together with the contribution of the gut microbiota, are the most altered processes in obese children with impaired insulin signaling in a sex-specific fashion despite their prepubertal status. ER  - 
Organochlorine pesticides and female puberty in South Kazakhstan; The purpose of the study was to assess the puberty of females living in cotton-growing regions of South Kazakhstan, where organochlorine pesticides are widely used. The physical growth and sexual development were assessed; organochlorine pesticides, gonadotropic and steroid hormones, as well as insulin-like growth factor 1 in the peripheral blood were determined. 524 females (adolescents aged 10–17) were examined. They were divided into 2 groups, depending on their place of residence. The clinical research included the assessment of physical and sexual development. All examined females lived in rural areas, i.e. they were comparable in terms of social, welfare, and climatographic factors. A high concentration of organochlorine pesticides (lindane-18.51 ± 0.16 mg/l, dieldrin-169.16 ± 3.13 mg/l, DDT-177.78 ± 2.71 mg/l, endrin-37.57 ± 0.9 mg/l) in the blood of females living in regions exposed to pesticides compared to their peers (4.05 ± 0.41 mg/l, 30.8 ± 3.7 mg/l, 109.7 ± 2.58 mg/l, 4.85 ± 0.69 mg/l respectively) was found (p < 0.001). The physical and sexual development of such females was delayed. The research established a correlation between the concentration of pesticides and the endocrine status, as well as with the insulin-like growth factor 1. This shows the adverse effect of organochlorine pesticides on the development of the female reproductive system during puberty. ER  - 
The InterLACE study: Design, data harmonization and characteristics across 20 studies on women's health; Objectives The International Collaboration for a Life Course Approach to Reproductive Health and Chronic Disease Events (InterLACE) project is a global research collaboration that aims to advance understanding of women's reproductive health in relation to chronic disease risk by pooling individual participant data from several cohort and cross-sectional studies. The aim of this paper is to describe the characteristics of contributing studies and to present the distribution of demographic and reproductive factors and chronic disease outcomes in InterLACE. Study design InterLACE is an individual-level pooled study of 20 observational studies (12 of which are longitudinal) from ten countries. Variables were harmonized across studies to create a new and systematic synthesis of life-course data. Main outcome measures Harmonized data were derived in three domains: 1) socio-demographic and lifestyle factors, 2) female reproductive characteristics, and 3) chronic disease outcomes (cardiovascular disease (CVD) and diabetes). Results InterLACE pooled data from 229,054 mid-aged women. Overall, 76% of the women were Caucasian and 22% Japanese; other ethnicities (of 300 or more participants) included Hispanic/Latin American (0.2%), Chinese (0.2%), Middle Eastern (0.3%), African/black (0.5%), and Other (1.0%). The median age at baseline was 47 years (Inter-quartile range (IQR): 41–53), and that at the last follow-up was 56 years (IQR: 48–64). Regarding reproductive characteristics, half of the women (49.8%) had their first menstruation (menarche) at 12–13 years of age. The distribution of menopausal status and the prevalence of chronic disease varied considerably among studies. At baseline, most women (57%) were pre- or peri-menopausal, 20% reported a natural menopause (range 0.8–55.6%) and the remainder had surgery or were taking hormones. By the end of follow-up, the prevalence rates of CVD and diabetes were 7.2% (range 0.9–24.6%) and 5.1% (range 1.3–13.2%), respectively. Conclusions The scale and heterogeneity of InterLACE data provide an opportunity to strengthen evidence concerning the relationships between reproductive health through life and subsequent risks of chronic disease, including cross-cultural comparisons. ER  - 
Association between insulin resistance and estrogen in sexual precocity of obese children; The aim of the study was to examine the association between sexual precocity and high-molecular weight (HMW)-adiponectin and investigate the correlation of insulin resistance and estrogen levels in obese children. In total, 60 obese children (30 boys and 30 girls) with sexual precocity were included in group A, 60 obese children (30 boys and 30 girls) without sexual precocity were included in group B, and 60 average weight children (30 boys and 30 girls) were included in group C. The levels of HMW adiponectin, fasting blood glucose, fasting insulin, luteinizing hormone (LH) peak, estradiol and testosterone were measured. The results showed that the HMW-adiponectin level of group A was the lowest and that of group C was the highest. The difference was statistically significant (P<0.05). The homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and estradiol levels of group A were significantly higher than those of group B, and group B was higher than that of group C. LH peak and testosterone levels of group A were the lowest while those of group C were the highest. The differences were statistically significant (P<0.05). A subgroup analysis showed that the above results were more significant in girls. The Pearson correlation analysis revealed that the level of HMW-adiponectin was negatively correlated with HOMA-IR and estradiol (P<0.05), and positively correlated with the LH peak (P<0.05). In conclusion, sexual precocity of obese children may be associated with insulin resistance, and the link may be HMW-adiponectin. ER  - 
Update on gynecologic health for the female with cystic fibrosis; Women with cystic fibrosis (CF) are now reaching reproductive age as medical management of their disease advances.1 While over 90% of men with CF are infertile due to congenital absence of the vas deferens, the majority of female CF patients have normal reproductive anatomy.1,2 Women with CF have long been thought infertile due to a significant reduction in the water content of the cervical mucus, theoretically blocking sperm penetration into the reproductive system, and due to disruptions in the hypothalamic-pituitary-ovarian axis causing delayed menarche and theoretical ovulatory dysfunction.1,2,3 As medical treatment for CF and obstetric care have advanced, however, women with CF are reaching reproductive age and are often able to fulfill reproductive potential. The majority of women with CF develop normal menstrual cycles with likely corresponding fertility,1,2,4,5 and approximately 50-75% of women with CF who attempt pregnancy are able to conceive.1,2,5,6,7,8 Women with CF are sexually active at rates similar to the general population,5 and most would like to have children.9,10 Qualitative data from interviews about decision-making around pregnancy indicate that women with CF are thoughtful about timing of pregnancies and disclose that ill-timed or unintended pregnancies would frequently prompt them and their providers to consider termination.11 However, a survey from 2009 estimates that one quarter of pregnancies among women with CF are unplanned.4 Physiologic changes of pregnancy, while easily compensated for in healthy women, can negatively impact the health of women with CF, especially at times when health status is suboptimal. These changes can lead to increased hospitalizations, chronic hypoxia, fetal growth restriction, preterm delivery, diabetes, cardiac decompensation, and even death.12 Optimization of disease status is crucial in improving pregnancy outcomes; thus reducing unintended, ill-timed pregnancies in this population could have meaningful public health implications. Effective contraception would enable women with CF to optimize their health prior to attempting pregnancy. Unfortunately, women with CF tend to underutilize the most effective methods of contraception with >70% using combined oral contraceptive pills, condoms, and natural family planning.4,5,8 Accordingly, they are at risk of unplanned pregnancy. Published data on appropriate contraceptive methods to use in women with CF are inadequate. Safety data and interactions with disease processes are unknown, and the CDC's U.S. Medical Eligibility Criteria for Contraceptive Use does not specify guidelines for offering contraception to women affected by CF.13 A recent systematic review detailed the data available regarding contraceptive efficacy, safety and preferences for women with CF.14 While data regarding contraception for this population are incomplete, it is important to utilize the existing information to assist women in reaching reproductive life goals. In this presentation we will review CF and its impact on the menstrual cycle, fertility, and pregnancy. We will review the available data on hormonal contraception - its safety and efficacy - and discuss the theoretical impact hormonal contraception has on the CF disease course. ER  - 
Prevalence of disease-specific sexual and reproductive health issues in young women with cystic fibrosis; Introduction: Young women with CF face unique sexual and reproductive health (SRH) concerns and prior research has shown that they prefer to receive CF-specific SRH information from CF care providers. The purpose of this study was to investigate the prevalence of CF-specific SRH problems and care provision by the CF team for young women with CF. Methods: Females with CF aged 15-24 years were recruited from five US CF centers to participate in an anonymous electronic survey investigating SRH behaviors and experiences, SRH care utilization, and preferences related to SRH care in the CF setting. Descriptive statistics were used to summarize CF-specific SRH problems and rates of discussion with the CF care team. Results: Respondents thus far included 133 women with CF (mean age 19.4±2.8 years). Thirty-seven percent rated their CF severity as mild, 54% as moderate, and 8% as severe. Self-reported baseline FEV1 was >70% predicted by 68% of respondents. Thirty-two percent had CF-related diabetes. Reported age of adrenarche was 12.1±1.4 years; age of menarche was 13.1±1.4 years. One-third perceived pubertal delay compared to their healthy peers; 75% had discussed puberty with their CF team. Eighteen percent reported a history of urinary incontinence (UI) (mean age of onset 16.0±4.2 years); 15% of all respondents had discussed UI with the CF team. Fifty percent reported a history of vulvovaginal candidiasis (26% had two or more episodes/year) and 31% of all respondents discussed this topic with their CF team. Forty-two percent always disclosed their CF diagnosis to sexual partners; 34% disclosed only when they were in a committed relationship. Of respondents who reported having vaginal sex in the past four weeks (n= 66), 33% reported pain with vaginal penetration half the time or more, 26% coughing during or after sex, and 3% hemoptysis. Of all respondents, 41% reported discussing sexual activity with their CF team, but only 2% reported discussing sexual functioning concerns with CF providers. Twenty-seven percent reported discussing fertility with their CF team; one respondent was told she was infertile due to CF by a healthcare provider. Forty-one percent had discussed contraception with their CF team. Sixty-nine percent were concerned that their future children would have CF and 83% would elect to do genetic testing for CF for a future child. Forty-one percent had discussed contraception with their CF team and 28% had discussed pregnancy planning. Conclusion: Young women with CF face many disease-specific SRH issues. Despite a desire to discuss these topics with CF providers, a minority reported ever discussing most SRH concerns with their CF team. Improvements in patient education, counseling, and care provision around SRH are needed for this population. ER  - 
Uric acid, carotid intima-media thickness and body composition in prepubertal children; Background: Increased uric acid is an independent biomarker for cardiovascular disease in obese adolescents and adults. Objective: We investigated whether uric acid relates to carotid intima-media thickness (cIMT) in prepubertal children, and whether body mass index (BMI) and preperitoneal fat modulate this association. Methods: 359 asymptomatic prepubertal Caucasian children were stratified according to BMI categories (171 with BMI-SDS < 0; 188 with BMI-SDS ≥ 0) and according to preperitoneal fat levels (180 with preperitoneal fat <50th centile; 179 with preperitoneal fat >50th centile). Uric acid levels, insulin resistance (homeostasis model assessment insulin resistance; HOMA-IR), C-reactive protein (CRP), triacylglycerol (TG), systolic blood pressure (SBP), abdominal fat and cIMT (both by ultrasound) were assessed. Results: Uric acid was associated with several cardiovascular risk factors, namely higher HOMA-IR, CRP, TG, BMI, waist, SBP, preperitoneal fat and cIMT (all P < 0.001 to P < 0.0001). Significant BMI and preperitoneal fat interactions were documented in the relationship between uric acid and cIMT (both P < 0.05), as uric acid was preferentially related to cIMT in heavier children (β = 0.247, P < 0.001, r2 = 9.1%) and in children with more preperitoneal fat (β = 0.263, P < 0.0001, r2 = 11.9%). Conclusions: Serum uric acid is associated with cIMT in asymptomatic prepubertal children. Both higher BMI and preperitoneal fat aggravate the potential risk of atherosclerotic disease imposed by higher concentrations of uric acid. ER  - 
Risk factors for mortality caused by hypothalamic obesity in children with hypothalamic tumours; Background: Hypothalamic obesity (HyOb) is a common complication of childhood hypothalamic tumours. Patients with HyOb probably have a higher mortality rate than those with other types of obesity due in many cases to obstructive sleep apnoea/hypoventilation. Objectives: To identify predictive factors for mortality caused by HyOb in children. Methods: Twenty children with HyOb secondary to hypothalamic tumours that were followed-up for ≥3 years and aged <15 years at diagnosis, and received supraphysiological glucocorticoid treatment for ≤1 month. Results: Mean age at diagnosis was 6.36 ± 3.60 years. Mean body mass index (BMI) Standard deviation of the samples (SDS) increased from 0.77 ± 1.26 to 2.66 ± 1.45 during the first 6 months, but slowed from month 6–12 (2.73 ± 1.35). ΔBMI SDS at 0–6 months was significantly higher in patients aged <6 years at diagnosis than in those aged >6 years at diagnosis (3.71 ± 1.96 vs. 0.83 ± 0.73, P < 0.001). Maximum BMI SDS was also significantly higher in the younger group (3.88 ± 1.39 vs. 2.79 ± 0.64, P < 0.05). In all, four patients died and the mortality rate was significantly higher in the patients with a further increase in BMI SDS > 1 SDS after 6 months of therapy (RR: 8.4, P < 0.05). Both overall mortality and obesity-related mortality rates were higher in the patients aged <6 years at diagnosis (4.5-fold, 7.2-fold higher, respectively, P > 0.05). The mortality rate was also 3.7-fold higher in the patients with a maximum BMI SDS ≥ 3 at any time during the first 3 years after therapy(P > 0.05). Conclusions: An increase in BMI SDS after 6 months of therapy was observed to be a risk factor for mortality caused by HyOb. In addition, age <6 years at diagnosis and a maximum BMI SDS ≥ 3 were associated with a higher mortality rate, indicating that earlier and more aggressive treatment of obesity is required. ER  - 
Visfatin serum level and expression in subcutaneous and visceral adipose tissue in prepubertal boys; Background: The biological role of visfatin in humans, especially in eutrophic and healthy children, is not understood yet, except for its link to obesity-related disorders in adolescents and adults. Objectives: To determine the physiological values of serum visfatin concentrations, and visfatin mRNA expression in subcutaneous (SAT) and visceral adipose tissue (VAT), and to correlate them with anthropometric/metabolic data in prepubertal healthy boys. Methods: The study included 59 healthy boys, age 1–10 years, hospitalized for elective surgery, divided according to age into group I (1–3 years old), group II (3–7 years old) and group III (7–10 years old). Anthropometric and biochemical measurements, and the visfatin serum and mRNA level in SAT and VAT were determined in all patients. Results: Visfatin mRNA expression was higher in SAT compared with VAT in all three studied groups. Highest visfatin mRNA was found in SAT of group III compared with group II (P = 0.030). VAT visfatin mRNA expression negatively correlates with body weight (P = 0.039), waist circumference (P = 0.027) and morning glucose level (P = 0.007). Conclusion: Lack of changes in serum visfatin level despite the changes in visfatin mRNA expression of adipose tissue suggests paracrine effect of visfatin rather than endocrine. Negative correlation of visfatin VAT mRNA expression with anthropometric parameters indicates important role of VAT visfatin in maturation and in glucose metabolism. ER  - 
Auxological and laboratory parameters of growth in egyptian children with CRF on conservative therapy; a. Objectives Growth hormone (GH) and insulin-like growth factors are essential for normal growth . Chronic renal failure results in major changes in the circulating growth hormone /insulin-like growth factor (IGF) . Our aim is to study clinical and laboratory parameters of growth and osteodystrophy including IGF1 and IGFBP2 as part of the somatotropic hormone axis in children with CRF on conservative therapy. b. Methods 62 Egyptian children (47 boys and 15 girls) with a mean age of 9.7y (0.47 to 21.12y) suffering from CRF on conservative therapy and 21 controls were included in the study. Ht, wt and TSF were measured and followed up for a period of 6 months. At the end of the follow up period serum for IGF1 and IGFBP2, renal function, electrolytes, Ca, P , and alkaline phosphatase and PH were measured and an X-ray of the left hand and wrist was done to determine their bone age by Tanner and Whitehouse. c. Results Our study shows that our Children have growth retardation with amean ht of - 3.7 SDS, a mean wt of -2.24 SDS. TSF mean was -1.3 SDS. the patients had a delay of 2.95y (+/-2.0) in their bone age. Their height was retarded more than their bone age with a height age/bone age of 0.8 (+/-0.18). Alkaline phosphatase is significantly correlated to the ht, ht age , bone age and to the pH. The mean IGF1SDS (-0.6 +/-1.8) did not differ from that of controls while the mean IGFBP2SDS (2.4 +/-4.6) was significantly higher . Ht and wt were significantly correlated to IGF1 but not IGFBP2. There is a significant correlation between IGFBP2 level and the GFR. d. Conclusions The imbalance between normal insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) and markedly increased IGFBP2 plasma levels plays a pathogenic role for growth retardation in children with CRF. The lower the GFR the higher the IGFBP2 level. The latters inhibitory action may provide hope for improving growth in cases of CRF by reducing the level of IGFBP2 or displacing IGF1 from it. ER  - 
Impaired glucose tolerance in pediatric liver transplant recipients is associated with inadequate insulin secretion: Impact of tacrolimus, puberty, and overweight; Purpose: Impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) is common in pediatric liver transplant recipients, but its mechanism has not been elucidated. We evaluated the impact of tacrolimus (tac) exposure, puberty and overweight on IGT. Methods: Cross-sectional study of patients ≥1 year from liver transplant, on stable immunosuppression and ≤5mg steroids. Oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) done with glucose 1.75 g/kg, max 75g. IGT was glucose ≥140mg/dL at 120 min. Corrected insulin response (CIR) calculated at 30, 60, 120 min: (InsX ∗ 100)/(GlucX (GlucX-70)). Low CIR reflects relative hyposecretion of insulin; high CIR indicates hypersecretion. Results: Our cohort (n=77) was 8.1-30.2yrs of age and 1.1-24.7yrs post-transplant. 31% had IGT; 69% had normal glucose tolerance (NGT). CIR60 and CIR120 were lower in the IGT than the NGT (median CIR60=0.77 v. 0.57, CIR120=0.96 v. 0.57, p<0.03). NGT subjects increased their CIR over the OGTT (p<0.01 test for trend). In the IGT, CIR was flat despite increasing glucose (p=0.6). Subjects with tac trough >6ng/mL at study visit (n=15) had lower CIR60 and CIR120 than those off calcineurin inhibitors (n=8) and those with trough ≤6ng/mL (n=46, p<0.05 ). Subjects on tac with trough >6 ng/mL and >6yrs from transplant had the lowest CIR60 and CIR120. (FIG) NGT pubertal subjects (Tanner 2-4, n=15) had higher CIR than IGT pubertal (n=8) (median CIR60=0.73 v. 0.54, CIR120=1.25 v. 0.48, p<0.05). NGT overweight subjects (n=14) had higher CIR than IGT overweight (n=6); differences did not reach significance (CIR60=1.31 v. 0.63, CIR120=1.72 v. 0.87). Conclusion: IGT was characterized by insulin hyposecretion. Subjects with tac trough ≥6ng/mL and ≥6yrs from transplant had the lowest CIRs, but CIR suppression appeared to be reversible with low or no tac. Those at-risk for IGT because of insulin resistance- overweight and pubertal subjects-maintained NGT if they could increase CIR during OGTT. (Table presented). ER  - 
Longitudinal trajectories of metabolic control from childhood to young adulthood in type 1 diabetes from a large German/Austria registry: A groupbased approach; Objectives: The aim was to identify distinct pattern of HbA1c over adolescence in young patients with type 1 diabetes (T1D). Methods: 6,433 T1D patients from the observational multicenter DPV database were analyzed (follow up from 8-19 years, baseline diabetes duration ≥2 years, HbA1c aggregated per year of life). To identify distinct subgroups of subjects following a similar HbA1c pattern of change over time, we applied latent class growth modelling (LCGM, SAS 9.4, proc traj) as trajectory approach. We used multinomial logistic regression analysis to assess which determinates are associated with group membership. Results: At baseline, median age was 8.5 [Q1;Q3:8.4;8.6] years with diabetes duration 4.1 [2.8;5.5]years and HbA1c 7.3 [6.7;8.0]%. Using LCGM we observed five distinct HbA1c longitudinal pattern (Fig 1). At age 8, 12 and 16 we observed differences in HbA1c, selfmonitoring of blood glucose (SMBG), pump use, daily insulin dose, BMI-SDS, body height-SDS, physical activity and migration across all trajectories (all p ≤ 0.001), but not in gender. Groups with similar initial HbA1c, but higher HbA1c increase were categorized by lower frequency of SMBG and physical activity and smaller body height-SDS (all p < 0.01). Conclusion: Using the trajectory approach, we found five distinct classes with different patterns of metabolic control over puberty. HbA1c increase during puberty might be due to diverse health awareness, psychosocial or genetic factors or treatment differences. (Figure Presented). ER  - 
Endocrine-metabolic consequences of low and high weight at birth; Infants born small-for-gestational-age (SGA) are at higher risk for adult diseases, including diabetes and hypertension. Longitudinal studies have disclosed that those risks may be modulated by early nutrition, so that breast-feeding confers a relatively low risk and protein-enriched formula-feeding is followed by a relatively high risk. In early infancy, the catch-up of SGA infants is characterized by a recovery of lean versus fat mass; in late infancy, SGA-breastfed infants combine a low adiposity and a high insulin sensitivity with normal IGF-I and HMW adiponectin levels; in contrast, SGA infants fed enriched formulas normalize their body composition by gaining more fat; this normalization is accompanied by a fall in HMW adiponectinemia and by elevated IGF-I levels, and thus, by a less favorable cardio-metabolic profile. Eventually, catch-up SGA children tend to become hyperinsulinemic, and to display more hepatic fat and a thicker carotida by the age of 3-6 yr; the development of overweight amplifies these abnormalities and increases further the risk for an early and rapidly progressive puberty, and a shorter adult stature. Breastfed, large-for-gestational-age (LGA) infants from non-diabetic mothers are more adipose as newborns, despite having lower levels of myostatin -a myokine inhibiting the differentiation of myoblasts-, and longer telomeres. By the end of early infancy, these infants become relatively lean and develop a favorable endocrine-metabolic profile including high insulin sensitivity. By age 2 years, LGA subjects become relatively “muscular” -by gaining more lean mass- and tall; this pattern of body composition may subsequently protect these individuals against metabolic complications of overweight and explain their lower risk for diabetes as adults. ER  - 
Factors affecting health-related quality of life and adherence to diabetes care in paediatric patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus in Spain: Results from the CHRYSTAL study; Objectives: CHRYSTAL (Costs and Health Related qualitY of life Study for Type 1 diAbetes meLlitus paediatric patients in Spain) was an observational study conducted in 2014 in patients ages 1-17 years with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM). The objective of this analysis was to evaluate the association between diabetes-specific healthrelated quality of life (HRQoL), adherence to diabetes care, demographics, and diabetes-related factors. Methods: The study included 2 patient-reported outcomes (PROs): the Diabetes Module of the Pediatric Quality of Life Inventory (PedsQL) and the Self Care Inventory-Revised (SCI-R). The PedsQL measures HRQoL and is composed of 28 items, assessing diabetes symptoms, treatment barriers, treatment adherence, worry, and communication. The SCI-R measures adherence to diabetes care and is composed of 15 items, assessing diet, glucose monitoring, medication administration, exercise, low glucose level, and preventive/routine aspects of self-care. A stepwise regression procedure was used to evaluate the association between each PRO score and the main variables related to T1DM, including HbA1c levels, number of hypoglycaemic episodes, puberty status, and sociodemographic factors. Results: A total of 275 patients participated in the study. The main factors significantly affecting PedsQL total scores were the number of severe hypoglycaemic events in the last 12 months (β= -3.997, p=0.046) and age of the child (β= 0.471, p=0.031). Age was also associated with the SCI-R total score (β= -1.174, p< 0.001). Conclusions: For children and adolescents with T1DM in Spain, severe hypoglycemic events and lower age were significantly related to lower overall self-reported HRQoL. Higher age was associated with lower adherence to diabetes care. Health care providers should consider these interactions as part of their regular practice of managing diabetes in order to address specific patients' needs. ER  - 
Do lifestyle habits influence the development of the metabolically healthy obese phenotype in youth?; Objective: It is unclear how lifestyle habits influence metabolically healthy obese (MHO) and metabolically unhealthy obese (MUO) phenotypes in youth. We compared lifestyle habits and insulin dynamics at age 8-10 years in relation to MHO and MUO profiles at age 10-12 years. Methods: The QUALITY cohort comprises Caucasian youth (n = 630) with at least one obese biological parent. We defined MHO as children with a BMI ≥ 97th percentile for age and sex and none of the following risk factors: triglycerides > 1.2 mmol/L, fasting glucose > 6.1, HDL-cholesterol < 1.04, or blood pressure > 95th percentile for age, sex, height. MUO were defined as having at least one of these risk factors. Fitness was measured by VO2peak. PA and sedentary behavior (SBacc) were measured using accelerometry. Hours of sleep and screen time were self-reported. Dietary intake was measured by 24-hour recalls. Insulin sensitivity and secretion were measured with Matsuda-insulin sensitivity index (ISI) and the ratio of the area under the curve of insulin to glucose over the first 30 minutes (AUC I/G 30 min) and 120 minutes (AUC I/G 120 min) of an OGTT, respectively. Lifestyle habits and insulin dynamics at baseline were compared across MHO (n = 58) and MUO (n = 90) using t-tests. Results: MHO children versus those that were MUO had at baseline: 1) lower adiposity (36.1 vs. 39.3% body fat, p = 0.005); 2) higher Matsuda-ISI (7.4 vs. 5.4, p < 0.0001); 3) lower AUC I/G 30 min (38.6 vs. 52.4, p = 0.0006); and 4) lower AUC I/G 120 min (40.5 vs. 55.3, p = 0.002). MHO also engaged in less screen time (2.7 vs. 3.5 hrs/day, p = 0.019), and consumed less sugar-sweetened beverages (93 vs. 150 mls/day, p = 0.014) compared to MUO youth. There were no differences between the groups in terms of PA, fitness, SBacc, or sleep. Conclusions: Specific lifestyle habits, such as screen time and diet, may be important targets to prevent obese children from developing metabolic complications as they enter puberty. ER  - 
Hypergonadotropic hypogonadism in 2 siblings with DIDMOAD (Wolfram Syndrome-WFS) syndrome and its associations; Objective: To describe hypergonadotropic hypogonadism in the rare genetic autosomal recessive WFS syndrome in 2 sisters. Classic presentation: Insulin-dependent diabetes [non-autoimmune], optic atrophy, central diabetes insipidus, sensorineural deafness. Rare: Neurological/ psychiatric; delayed puberty, central hypogonadism, anterior pituitary dysfunctions; urodynamic abnormalities, limited joint motility, cardiovascular/ gastrointestinal autonomic neuropathy; heart malformations]. Methods: A. Sibling 1: Full term normal delivery; Age 8: Diabetes insulin dependent; Age 13: Optic Atrophy; Age 18: Diabetes insipidus; Age 16: Menarche; Age 17: Secondary amenorrhea, Serum FSH 87.5 mIU/ml, LH 29.9 mIU/ml, Testosterone 6.9 ng/dl, US Abdomen: small sized uterus, bilateral ovaries hypoplastic /agenesis; Age 17: Bilateral minimal high frequency sloping hearing loss [Right ear PTA 25db, Left ear 23.3 db]. Short Stature: Height cm: 146; %ile: 0%, Zscore: -2.64; Weight kgs: 39.4; %ile: 0%, Z-score: -3.13; BMI-forage: 18.5; %ile: 13%; Z-score: -1.11; Serum Growth Hormone post clonidine: 6.9 ng/ml. B. Sibling 2: Full term normal delivery; Age 4: Diabetes insulin dependent; Age 15: Optic Atrophy; Age 17: Diabetes insipidus; Age 15: Menarche; Age 16: Secondary amenorrhea, Serum FSH 87.8mIU/ml, LH 31.7mIU/ml, Testosterone 16.3 ng/dl, US Abdomen: small sized uterus, bilateral ovaries hypoplastic /agenesis, left hydronephrosis; Age 16: Left minimal hearing loss, Right normal hearing [Right ear PTA 10db, Left ear 16db]. Short Stature: Height cm: 151; %ile: 3%; Z-score: -1.87; Weight kgs: 40.2; %ile: 0%; Z-score: -2.89; BMI-for-age:17.6; %ile: 5%; Z-score: -1.61; Serum Growth Hormone post clonidine: 7.9 mg/ml. Conclusion: Hypogonadism may be hypogonadotropic or hypergonadotropic [more reports in males]. Genetic and biologic basis for the diversity in clinical manifestations [including hypogonadism] in WFS needs better elucidation. Short stature is common feature. ER  - 
Risk factors for premature mortality in subjects with childhood-onset type 1 diabetes: Data from the population-based brecon cohort in Wales, UK between 1979 & 2015; Objectives: The aim of this study was to examine mortality rates and causes of death among patients diagnosed with type 1 diabetes before their 15th birthday in Wales. Methods: The BRECON childhood onset type 1 diabetes registry (n=3288), with diagnosis from 1979 to 2013 (capturing >97% of all new cases from 1995), was used to investigate patterns in causespecific mortality. 43,141 patient-years of diabetes were analysed and 31 deaths were identified. The observed number of deaths was compared with number of deaths seen among different age groups in Wales, as reported by NHS Wales. Associations of socio-demographic factors with mortality were assessed using Cox proportional hazard models. The proposed risk factors included socio-economic status, the size of centre involved in diabetic care, diabetes duration and gender. Results: The overall standardised mortality ration (SMR) was 2.3 (95%CI 1.59-3.23), being highest in the age group 15-20 years, at 3.76 (95%CI 1.54-5.09). Increase in the overall SMR has been observed in the age groups 10-20 years. The commonest cause of death was ketoacidosis (n=9), followed by accidents some of which might be attributed to hypoglycaemia (n=5), and suicide (n=4). All deaths occurred among individuals diagnosed during and after puberty (after the age of 10) regardless of diabetes duration, the logrank statistics is 3135.83 (p-value < 0.001). Higher mortality rates among male subjects have been observed, with hazard ratio of 0.54 (95% CI 0.21-0.99; P=0.048). No statistically significant relationship has been found between the risk of death and diabetes duration, socio-economic status, size of centre involved in diabetic care and family history of diabetes. Conclusions: Despite advances in diabetic treatment, type 1 diabetes is still associated with higher mortality rates, particularly in the age during transition from paediatric to adult care facilities. ER  - 
Longitudinal observation of clinical course of type 1 diabetes (T1DM); Objectives: Children with T1DM are more often overweight or obese than their healthy peers, it especially affects girls in puberty. The goal of the work was to determine the relationship between body weight and metabolic control in children with T1DM. Methods: A retrospective analysis was carried out on the clinical course of diabetes in children with diagnosed T1DM under the care of pediatric diabetology department in Bialystok. The analysis included the diagnosis period and the 5-year follow-up. Anthropometric data (BMI-SDS), HbA1c, the type of insulin therapy (pens vs pump) and the daily dose of insulin per kilogram body weight (DDI/kg) were assessed. Results: The study included 112 children (51.79% boys). The existence of a statistically significant trend of annual growth of BMI-SDS (p = 0.0006), HbA1c (p < 0.0001) and DDI/kg (p < 0.0001) has been shown in the years of observation. The girls however have shown a significantly higher percentage of visits in which they had abnormal metabolic control (HbA1c > 6.5%) (84.5% vs 77.9%; p = 0.0190). Analysis of the long-term treatment of DM1 has shown a significant correlation between variation of BMI-SDS and the variation of HbA1c (B = 0.04, p = 0.0147), taking into account individual patient variability. However, in the multivariate model, which takes into account factors i.e. age at the time of the test (B = 0.07, p = 0.0032), DDI/kg (B = 0.06, p = 0.5080), the type of therapy (B = -0.07, p = 0.2501) and individual variability of patients showed no significant relationship between HbA1c and BMI-SDS (B = -0.02, p = 0.2985). Age and variability of patients explained 82% of the variation in BMI-SDS during the 5-year follow-up. Conclusions: The age of patients with diabetes is a strong predictor of BMI-SDS. It seems that the clinical course of diabetes (expressed as HbA1c) has less impact on annual growth of BMI-SDS than the non-diabetes factors, i.e. physical inactivity or a high-fat diet. ER  - 
Autonomic neuropathy screening in children and adolescents with type1 diabetes mellitus; Background: Diabetic neuropathy is among the least recognized complications of diabetes, despite its significant negative impact on survival and quality of life. Characteristic neuronal alterations may occur subclinically early in the course of the disease, even in childhood, with a prevalence ranging from 7.9 ∼ 19%. Objectives: Our objective was to study the prevalence of subclinical autonomic and peripheral neuropathy in T1DM children and adolescents and its correlations with associated factors. Materials and Methods: We evaluated 97 T1DM children and adolescents (mean ± SD age 12.9 ± 2.8 years, T1DM duration: 5.14 ± 3.5years) and 80 age and gender-matched controls (mean ± SD age 11.9 ± 2.7 years). We examined pupillary dilatation (PD) in darkness, an index of autonomic neuropathy, using a Polaroid pupillometer and vibration sensation threshold (VST), an index of peripheral neuropathy, using a Biothesiometer. Abnormal cut-off values (>95% or < 5%) were calculated from control values distribution. Results: PD impairment was more frequent in the T1DM group, compared to controls (31.6% vs 3.3%, p < 0.001). Moreover, in the T1DM group impaired VST were more frequent than in the controls in the lower (left: 23.3% vs 6.7%, p < 0.001, right: 28.3% vs 4%, p < 0.001) and upper limbs (left: 17.1% vs 2.67%, p < 0.001, right: 23.2% vs 2.6%, p < 0.001), respectively. PD was associated with age (r = 0.16, p = 0.038), HbA1c: (r = 0.23, p = 0.048) and diabetes duration (r = 0.20, p = 0.022). Moreover in the whole group, older age (p < 0.001) and puberty were associated with greater proportion of abnormal VSTs in the lower limbs in pubertal vs prepubertal children (left: 17.7% vs 2.8%, p = 0.001, right: 19.4% vs 0.0%, p < 0.001). Conclusion: Impaired indices of peripheral and autonomic neuropathy are present in a significant proportion of T1DM children and adolescents, although asymptomatic. Indices of diabetic neuropathy are associated with age, diabetes duration, puberty and the quality of glycaemic control. ER  - 
Pediatric diabetes centres rated parental responsibility and family support as most important determinants of HbA1c using a 17-item questionnaire: A pilot study; Objectives: HbA1c is determined by factors related to treatment, patient and environment. To compare HbA1c between centres, risk-adjustment should account for biological, sociodemographic and psychosocial factors beyond control of care providers. We investigated which factors pediatric diabetes centres (PDC) rated as contributing most to excellent (EA1c) and poor HbA1c (PA1c). Methods: A 17-item questionnaire was developed including potential sociodemographic (e.g. ethnic minority parents), interpersonal (e.g. family cohesion) and intrapersonal (e.g. self-efficacy) reasons for EA1c (<6.5%) and PA1c (≥9.5%). These HbA1c cut-offs aimed to yield 200 patients/group. Belgian PDCs (N = 15) were invited to rate the importance of these items on a scale of 1 (none) to 5 (high) for patients with diabetes duration ≥1 year. Results: Out of 215 and 198 eligible patients, 12 PDCs returned valid questionnaires for 120 EA1c and 106 PA1c patients respectively. Compared to non-participants, participants performed more self-measurements/day, more often had basal-bolus insulin, and less frequently had ethnic minority parents. PDCs rated higher parental responsibility (PR), family support (FS) and conscientiousness as most important determinants of EA1c. PR and FS were rated highly (top 2) in all patients except those with ethnic minority parents. Adolescence and lower PR and FS were rated as most important determinants of PA1c. FS was rated highly (top 2), regardless of pubertal status, sex and parents' ethnicity. Conclusions: PDCs rated PR and FS as most important determinants of both EA1c and PA1c. To improve acceptability of between-centre comparisons, risk-adjustment for these factors should be considered. This study suggests that lower PR and FS are important challenges for PDCs. Policy measures should aim at increasing psychosocial support for at-risk patients and families. Questionnaire changes may alleviate the participation and representativeness issues of this pilot study. ER  - 
Rare genetic conditions related to diabetes in low income country: Is there a solution?; Introduction: Congenital generalized lipoatrophy or Berardinelli Seip syndrome is a rare genetic disorder characterized by absence of subcutaneous fat with various lesions including severe hyperinsulinism (diabetes in advanced stage), dysmorphic features, hepatic and cardiac involvement. The prevalence is around 1/ 1 million births. Diagnosis and management of this condition is not easy in low income countries. To describe some of these difficulties and solutions approach, we report the present cases. Cases: Two not related adolescents, aged 15 and 16 years old, were referred from 2 peripheral diabetes clinics for management of diabetes. They presented polyuropolydypsic syndrome associated with high blood glucose (17.6 mmol for the first and 16 mmol/l for the second). They had normal birth weight but a peculiar appearance. On physical examination they had a thin skin, hepatomegaly and delay puberty (B1P1R0). Although high insulin doses (3.8 and 3.5 UI/Kg/ day), they presented persistant hyperglycemia, with increased HbA1C (14%), increased blood lipids. Diabetes, thin skin, delay puberty and disturbance of lipid profile linked to the diagnosis of congenital lipoatrophy. The 3rd case is a 5 months old infant, brought for peculiar appearance. Borned at term, she has a voracious appetite contrasting with stunting. On physical examination she has a very thin skin, hepatomegaly. She has 535 mg/L of triglycerides. We also conclude to congenital lipoatrophy. Futher management includes a particular diet (medium chain polyunsaturated fatty acid) and a carefull follow up to early identify complications. Conclusion: No molecular analysis was done and no leptin is available for the girls with diabetes. What is the future of these patients and their family? To answer some of family questions, a precised diagnosis is necessary. As for neonatal diabetes, international collaborative studies to improve understanding, management of affected patients may be helpful. ER  - 
Evolution of body mass index in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus; Objectives: The prevalence of childhood overweight and obesity has risen during the last 30 years. Not only children with type 2 diabetes, but also those with type 1 diabetes (T1D) are overweight and obese. In children with type 1 diabetes, obesity has been linked to an increased cardiovascular risk. A better understanding of the evolution of weight patterns in the years after diagnosis of T1D, may be important to identify those children with a risk for excess weight gain. Identification of these subgroups might lead to intervention strategies to decrease excess weight gain. Methods: We retrospectively analyzed data of all children with type 1 diabetes followed at the department of Pediatric Endocrinology in the University Hospital Leuven (UZLeuven) and diagnosed between June 1991 and February 2015. Data as age, sex, BMI and tanner score were extracted. A total of 396 subjects were included in the database and more than 6000 BMI measurements were analyzed. The longitudinal BMI SDS measurements were analyzed using linear mixed models. Results: Standardized BMI (BMI SDS) using all data (n = 6088) was 0.3, with a deviation of 0.95. Seventeen % of the male patients and 19% of the female patients were obese or overweight. An increase in BMI SDS was seen as a function of (1) time since diagnosis and (2) age, both being independent predictors. Data of girls and boys were compared and a significant stronger relation between BMI SDS and time since diagnosis, as well as with age, was seen in girls. Conclusions: These data suggest an import increase in BMI in children with type 1 diabetes, especially in girls. Given the increased risk of metabolic syndrome and other complications in overweight children, special attention is needed to prevent this evolution. ER  - 
BMI change during the course of type 1 diabetes is modified by the level of diabetes control-data from the Swedish national quality register SWEDIABKIDS; Objectives: Female gender, low BMI at onset of diabetes, long diabetes duration, pubertal diabetes onset and intensified insulin therapy were previously associated with increased weight gain during the course of Type 1 diabetes in paediatric patients. We aim at investigating the development of BMI-SDS and associated factors in a nationwide data set from Sweden. Methods: The study population consisted of all patients below 18 years of age with T1D registered in the Swedish national childhood diabetes register SWEDIABKIDS during 2000-2014. The Swedish population-based growth reference was used for calculating BMI standard deviation score (SDS). Mean BMI-SDS and HbA1C was calculated for every patient for every year of diabetes duration, excluding the first 90 days after the diagnosis. Comparisons were made between groups of 0-4, 5-9 and >9 years of diabetes duration and HbA1C < 52; 52-69 and >69 mmol/mol (NGSP < 6,9; 6,9-8,5 and >8,5%). Results: Data were available from 9710 patients (4397 girls). The duration of diabetes ranged from 0 to 17 years. Mean HbA1C increased with increasing diabetes duration: 59,1; 66,7 and 69,0 (p < 0,001), this was true for both sexes. For the girls mean BMI-SDS increased with increasing diabetes duration: 0,60; 0,81 and 0.88 (p < 0,001). However for the boys mean BMI-SDS decreased with long diabetes duration: 0,56; 0,56 and 0,38 (p < 0,001). We analysed the effect of diabetes duration and metabolic control for mean BMISDS. For the girls mean BMI-SDS increased with increasing diabetes duration in groups with HbA1C >52 mmol/mol (p < 0,001). For the boys mean BMI-SDS decreased with long diabetes duration >9 years within every level of HbA1C (p < 0,001). Conclusion: BMI-SDS change with increasing diabetes duration is modified by the level of diabetes control and differs between boys and girls. The positive association of increasing BMI-SDS and diabetes duration is particularly pronounced in girls with less well controlled diabetes. ER  - 
Impact of telemedicine on glycemic control and family satisfaction in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes: Effects 1 year after stopping telemedicine support; Introduction: Telemedicine (TM) offers potential solutions to connect providers and patients, especially those who are geographically distant. Although TM represents a useful and cost-effective solution to the strict follow-up required in pediatric diabetes type 1 (TD1) management, there are few applications of TM in the pediatric population. Objective: To investigate family satisfaction and the impact on the glycemic control of TM support during 1 year (telephone consultations, text messages, e-mails) and 1 more year of follow up after interrupting the intervention, in pediatric patients with TD1 Patients and Methods: We included 32 patients in a program of TM glycemic control from December 2011 to December 2012: group 1 (≤1 year after diagnosis of TD1, n = 13; 7 girls and 6 boys) and group 2 (>1 year after diagnosis, n = 19, 8 girls and 11 boys) (6 and 12, respectively, in Tanner stage III). All patients received TM support for 1 year. Satisfaction scores were calculated by specific questionnaires (ESCP Europe) submitted at the end of the 1 year period. HbA1c (HPLC, Menarini, normal range 5.3 ± 0.2%) was measured at 6 months and 1 year after inclusion and 1 year after stopping TM support. Results: TM support was generally well accepted by patients and their families and glycemic control was adequate in both groups during the intervention and 1 year after its interruption. However we found a significant increase in HbA1c levels between 6 months after initiating TM and 1 year after stopping it in both groups (p < 0.05)(Table 1). Conclusions 1. TM support of patients with TD1 is well accepted by patients and their families. 2. TM could be an alternative to in-person visits for adequate glycemic control, especially during the first six months of follow up. ER  - 
Prevalence and risk factors for microalbuminuria in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes: Long-term experience of a single centre; Objectives: Diabetic nephropathy is a late complication of type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) and microalbuminuria (MA) is an early and reversible sign of diabetic renal disease. Aims of this longitudinal study were: to define the prevalence of MA in children and adolescents with T1DM; to identify which risk factors are predictive for the development of MA. Methods: Seventy children and adolescents with T1DM [57% male; age at T1DM onset (T0) 5.95 ± 3.16 yrs] were enrolled. The mean follow-up (FU) period was 7.18 ± 1.89 yrs. Blood and urinary tests were performed once a year from the T0. MA screening was evaluated by urinary albumin concentration (UAC) or by timed urine collections for urinary albumin/creatinine ratio (ACR). MA was considered persistent (PMA) when at least 2 out of 3 consecutive evaluation of UAC and/or ACR were found positive. Results: PMA was found in 13% of patients. Subjects with PMA compared to normoalbuminuric ones had both significantly higher GFR at T0 (p = 0.025) and UAC at 1-year FU (T1) (p = 0.045). Predictive cut-off values for PMA development were 160 ml/min/1.73 m2 for GFR at T0 (sensitivity: 57%, specificity: 75%) and 8.5 mg/L for UAC at T1 (sensitivity:75%, specificity:80%). Relative risk for PMA was 23-times higher when UAC was >8.5 mg/L (p = 0.004). Kaplan- Meier survival curves as a function of age at T0 showed an increased probability of developing PMA among children in which T1DM onset occured between 5 and 11 years of age compared to those with younger onset (p = 0.014) and a pubertal diabetes duration >5 years was also a significant risk factor for PMA (p < 0.0005). Conclusions: Age at T1DM onset, pubertal timing, high UAC, and hyperfiltration predispose to PMA development and increase the risk for diabetic nephropathy. Specific cut-off values at T1DM onset and during first years of FU could provide indications to avoid disease progression. ER  - 
Hyperglycaemia and metabolic syndrome: Not always synonymous of T2D; Background: MODY encloses a group of disorders caused by autosomal dominant mutations in genes linked to pancreatic ß-cell function. Usually it presents as a non-ketotic hyperglycaemia, in patients under 25y that miss both T1D and T2D features. Case report: We report a 15y Caucasian girl, admitted for nonketotic hyperglycaemia detected after one month of polyuria and polydipsia. There was no history of chronic medication or pancreatic insult. Apart from central obesity and severe facial acne, her examination was unremarkable. She was born LGA and is obese since toddlerhood. Her menarche was at 9y, with irregular cycles ever since. Her sister, mother, and maternal grandfather had diabetes classified as T2D from their 20's, when all were lean. Fasting bloods revealed HbA1c 7.4%, C-peptide 2.5 ng/dL, glucose 194 mg/dL, triglycerides 164 mg/dL, HDL 32 mg/dL, ALT 67U/L; autoimmune markers, hyperandrogenism and thyroid dysfunction were absent. Pelvic and abdominal US were normal. MODY genetic screening panel was also performed. She was started on basal-bolus insulin and norm caloric diet. Her compliance was erratic, with progressive weight gain and HbA1c increase to 10.6%. Nine months into diagnosis, genetic testing revealed HNF1A c.89 T > C heterozygous variant, to our knowledge not yet described in the literature. Gliclazide (30 mg/day) was then started and doubled on wk2; metformin (850 mg/day) was introduced on wk3 and doubled on wk4; in parallel, insulin was progressively withdrawn and stopped on wk5. During the first month of follow-up glycaemia has been between 90-140 mg/dL. Discussion: Worldwide there is an increasing prevalence of youth obesity and T2D. However, even in the presence of metabolic syndrome and the lack of autoantibodies, an important history of diabetes in direct relatives, especially when they are lean and young at diagnosis, should put us on the track of MODY, as this is important for both treatment, prognosis and family genetic counseling. ER  - 
Achieving clinical guideline goals is associated with better insulin sensitivity (IS) and cardiopulmonary health in youth with type 1 diabetes (T1D); Objective: Most youth with T1D do not meet the American Diabetes Association (ADA) and International Society for Pediatric and Adolescent Diabetes (ISPAD) targets for HbA1c, blood pressure (BP), lipids, and BMI. We hypothesized that ISPAD/ADA goal achievement would be associated with better IS and cardiopulmonary health in youth with T1D. Methods: We assessed the cross-sectional relationship between ISPAD/ADA goal achievement, IS and cardiopulmonary health in youth with T1D from the RESISTANT (n=86) and EMERALD (n=41) studies (n=127; age 15.7±2.2 years, 52% girls). IS was measured by glucose infusion rate during a hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp. Cardiopulmonary fitness was measured as peak oxygen consumption (VO2peak/kg) during cycle ergometry. EMERALD and RESISTANT had different cycle ergometry protocols, thus VO2peak analyses were stratified by cohort. Goal achievement was defined as HbA1c< 7.5%, BP< 90th percentile, LDL-C < 100mg/dL, HDL-C >35mg/dL, TG < 150mg/dL and BMI < 85th percentile. Participants were stratified into 3 groups: achieving 1-3 goals (n=52), 4 goals (n=48) and 5-6 goals (n=27). Differences between groups were examined with generalized linear models. Results: IS was lower in participants who met 1-3 goals (5.24±3.40 mg/kg/min) vs. those who met 4 goals (7.41±4.13 mg/kg/min, p=0.04) and those who met 5-6 goals (8.45±4.28 mg/kg/min, p=0.003), and remained significant after adjustments for sex and Tanner stage. The difference in IS between participants who met 1-3 goals and 5-6 goals remained significant after adjusting for BMI (p=0.03). VO2peak was lower in participants in RESISTANT who met 1-3 goals (25.84±4.63mL/kg/min) vs. those who met 4 goals (33.01±7.81mL/kg/min, p=0.01) and those who met 6 goals (33.18±4.44mL/kg/min, p=0.004). Similar and significant relationships were observed in EMERALD participants for VO2peak. Conclusions: In youth with T1D, ADA/ISPAD goal achievement was associated with better IS and cardiopulmonary health. ER  - 
High proportion of type 2 diabetes among newly diagnosed children and adolescents in La Reunion Island, a French oversea territory; Objectives: La Reunion Island, a 843 000 inhabitants French oversea territory located in the Indian Ocean, exhibit one of the highest rate nationwide of adult obesity and type 2 diabetes (DT2). Although more than 1/4 of the pediatric population is also overweight or obese; little is known on pediatric onset diabetes. Our goal was to estimate the incidence of Pediatric onset diabetes in La Reunion and to describe diabetes etiologies. Methods: Data on all new cases of diabetes 0-18 years old admitted in any one of the 3 pediatric centers in La Reunion from January 1rst 2010 to December 31st 2014 were collected. Family history, clinical (symptoms, age, gender, BMI), biological (Ketones, pH, HCO3-, HbA1c), and immunological (ICA, IA2, IAA, GAD antibodies) data at diagnosis, along with follow up findings (insulin requirement, associated symptoms, genetic testing) were retrospectively recorded from paper and electronic charts to classify diabetes etiologies. Results: Over the 5-year period 170 children and adolescents were diagnosed with diabetes representing an estimated incidence of 12.5/100,000 per year. Mean aged at diagnosis was 9.4 ± 4.8 yrs old with 23% of the patients younger than 5 years old. Most of them (75%) had a family history of diabetes and 15% were obese at diagnosis. Final diagnosis was type 1 diabetes for more than 80%. T2D represented 9.4% of the patients (n = 16) with a mean aged at diagnosis of 14.9 yrs old [10.8 -17.5], Body Mass index 4.1 ± 2.1 SDS [0.3-8.5], mostly girls (3:1), and all pubertal. Mean HbA1c for DT2 patients was 10.8 ± 3.4% [5.5-16.8]; 2 cases presented with ketosis and 2 in ketoacidosis (25%). Conclusions: Incidence of pediatric onset diabetes in La Réunion appears to be similar to mainland France but with a worrisome proportion of almost 10% of the patients with DT2. Strategy prevention should be implemented in this population to reduce childhood obesity and limit the growing burden of DT2. ER  - 
Only one identified patient with persisting simple retinopathy in childhood T1D-is screening indicated in Denmark from the age of 12 years?; Aim: From 1996 and forward the HbA1c has decreased amongst children and adolescents in Denmark. Therefore this preliminary study aimed to test if screening for retinopathy is indicated in Denmark from the age of 12 years as the current Danish guideline recommends. Methods: Data from the national diabetes register for children and adolescents in Denmark, DanDiabKids was used to identify children and adolescents that had been screened at age 12, 15, and 18 years for retinopathy. Data was collected from 1996 to 2015. Results: 17 out of 1994 patients (0.9%) had retinopathy changes at the age of 12 years. Only 7 of the patients had changes in both eyes. All of them had simple retinopathy changes at this age. By the age of 15 years 2% had retinopathy changes and 2.8% at the age of 18 years. Only one patient born in 1985 had persisting simple retinopathy from age 12 to 18 years. From 2001 and forward the data completion of the screening varies between 60 and 78%. Higher HbA1c was observed among individuals with retinopathy than without. Conclusion: Since the HbA1c has decreased in Denmark from 1996 and only one patient that was born in 1985 has had persistent simple retinopathy, strict adherence to the ISPAD guidelines (screening starting from age 10, or at onset of puberty if this is earlier, with 2-5 years diabetes duration) seems very resourceful with little gain for the individual patient. We suggest that current guidelines should be adjusted nationally and individually according to metabolic control. ER  - 
Biochemical and clinical characteristics of polysystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) in women with and without type 1 diabetes (TID); PCOS prevalence is reported to be increased in reproductive-age women with type-1 diabetes (T1DM) but measurement of androgens, crucial for diagnosis, has been with inaccurate immunoassays. No studies have been reported using liquid-chromatography-mass-spectrometry (LCMS). Reproductive-age T1DM women attending a single centre were evaluated for PCOS (NIH criteria). Women with T1DM and PCOS (T1/PCOS) were compared to T1DM women without hyperandrogenism (T1/no HA), and to two groups of non-diabetic women with PCOS-one group BMI-matched (PCOS-lean) and the other overweight (PCOS-overweight)0.16 (18 %) of T1DM women had PCOS. TIDM women with PCOS compared to the overall group were younger (26.5 vs 29) and had a lower BMI (23.4 vs 25.3). Compared to T1/no HA, testosterone (1.3 vs 0.8 nM, p = 0.004) and androstenedione (7.1 vs 4.6 nM p = 0.0016) were elevated but no differences in DHEA-OX, DHEAS, SHBG or free testosterone was noted. They had an older age of menarche (13 vs 12.5 years, p = 0.024), and were more likely (p = 0.024) to have a positive family history of PCOS. There were no differences in androgen levels between T1/PCOS and PCOS-lean women, but both of these groups demonstrated greater androstenedione levels (7.1 vs 5.5 nM, p = 0.0247) than PCOS-overweight women. In summary, PCOS is common in T1DM. Women with T1/PCOS are leaner than T1 women without PCOS but are more likely to have a family history of PCOS. They have a similar biochemical phenotype to lean women with PCOS but differ from overweight women with PCOS. The mechanisms underlying PCOS in T1DM and its clinical significance are unknown. ER  - 
Association and interaction between age at menarche and risk of diabetes in adult women; Objective: To explore the associations between age at menarche and diabetes in adult women. Methods: We analyzed the baseline data of 32 364 female participants who were aged 30-79 years and had been enrolled into China Kadoorie Biobank (CKB) study from Tongxiang, Zhejiang province. Multiple logistic regression analysis were used to investigate the putative associations after adjusting for potential confounders. Variables of menarche age and others were added to the logistic regression model to evaluate the multiplicative interaction, respectively. Results: The mean age of female participants was (51.42 ± 9.63) years. And 3.73% and 24.17% of them reported their menarche age, ≤12 years, ≥17 years, respectively. The prevalence of diabetes among them was 5.75%. Compared with those with menarche age ≤12 years, the OR(95%CI) of 15-16, 13-14 and ≤12 years group were 1.13(1.00-1.27), 1.29(1.12-1.49) and 1.68(1.31-2.15) after adjusting for age, socioeconomic status, family history, health behaviors, menopause status, BMI and waist circumference. No significant differences were found in multiplicative interaction on diabetes between menarche age and smoking, alcohol consumption, physical activity, obesity, etc. (P>0.05). Conclusions: Menarche age is associated with higher risk of diabetes in female adults. The earlier menarche age is the higher risk of diabetes. There are no multiplicative interaction on diabetes between menarche age and other adults factors. ER  - 
Oxidative stress and nitric oxide are increased in obese children and correlate with cardiometabolic risk and renal function; Oxidative stress and nitric oxide (NO) appear to represent important links between obesity and cardiovascular, metabolic and/or renal disease. We investigated whether oxidative stress and NO production/metabolism are increased in overweight and obese prepubertal children and correlate with cardiometabolic risk and renal function. We performed a cross-sectional evaluation of 313 children aged 8-9 years. Anthropometrics, 24-h ambulatory blood pressure, pulse wave velocity (PWV), insulin resistance (homoeostasis model assessment index (HOMA-IR)), inflammatory/metabolic biomarkers, estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR), plasma total antioxidant status (TAS), plasma and urinary isoprostanes (P-Isop, U-Isop), urinary hydrogen peroxide (U-H2O2), and plasma and urinary nitrates and nitrites (P-NOx, U-NOx) were compared among normal weight, overweight and obese groups, according to WHO BMI z-score reference. U-Isop were increased in the obese group, whereas U-NOx were increased in both overweight and obese children. U-Isop were positively correlated with U-H2O2, myeloperoxidase (MPO), high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, HOMA-IR and TAG. TAS correlated negatively with U-Isop and MPO and positively with PWV. HOMA-IR and U-H2O2 were associated with higher U-Isop, independently of BMI and eGFR, and total cholesterol and U-H2O2 were associated with U-NOx, independently of BMI, eGFR values and P-NOx concentration. In overweight and obese children, eGFR decreased across P-NOx tertiles (median: 139 3 (25th, 75th percentile 128 0, 146 5), 128 0 (25th, 75th percentile 121 5, 140 4), 129 5 (25th, 75th percentile 119 4, 138 3), P for linear trend=0 003). We conclude that oxidant status and NO are increased in relation to fat accumulation and, even in young children, they translate into higher values of cardiometabolic risk markers and affect renal function. ER  - 
Age at menarche and its association with the metabolic syndrome in Taiwan; Background The average age at menarche in the Taiwanese population is falling. Contrarily, the prevalence of metabolic syndrome (MetS) showed a worldwide increase in the past two decades. The aim of this study was to examine the association between age at menarche and MetS. Materials and methods A total of 3292 women aged 19–91 years old were enrolled in two databases from 2004 to 2008. MetS was defined according to American Heart Association's criteria. Age at menarche was obtained from self-reported questionnaires. Multiple logistic regression analyses were used to estimate the association between age at menarche and MetS with adjustment for potential confounding variables. Results The prevalence of MetS increased with age. After adjusting age, lifestyle status, and reproductive factors as variables, subjects who had menarche at a younger age showed significantly higher risk of MetS. The adjusted odds ratio of having MetS in <12 and 12–14 years old menarche age groups were 1.71 (1.07–2.71) and 1.22 (1.00–1.50), respectively. The significant increase in odds ratio for MetS in early age menarche also reveals a dose–response effect. Conclusions Early onset of menarche is an important risk factor of MetS and may help identify women at risk of MetS. ER  - 
Determinants of carotid-femoral pulse wave velocity in prepubertal children; Background Pulse wave velocity (PWV) is a noninvasive technique to evaluate arterial stiffness, a dynamic property of the vessels, reflecting their structure and function. Childhood obesity is associated with several cardiovascular comorbidities and to the progression of atherosclerosis. We aimed to compare carotid-femoral PWV between normal weight and overweight/obese prepubertal children and to quantify its association with other cardiovascular risk factors. Methods Cross-sectional study of 315 children aged 8-9 years. Anthropometrics, 24-h ambulatory blood pressure (BP) and carotid-femoral PWV were measured. Classification of obesity was according to World Health Organization (WHO) body mass index (BMI)-for-age reference values. Results Compared to normal weight children, overweight and obese children presented significantly higher levels of PWV (4.95 (P25-P75: 4.61-5.23), 5.00 (4.71-5.33), 5.10 (4.82-5.50) m/s, respectively; ptrend < 0.001). Significant positive correlations were found between PWV and total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, triglycerides, fasting insulin and insulin resistance levels (HOMA-IR) and with high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP). In a multivariate linear regression model adjusted for sex, age, height and 24-h systolic blood pressure z-score, the independent determinants of PWV were BMI, HOMA-IR and the absence of dipping. Conclusions The association between PWV and the loss of dipping and insulin resistance levels, independently of the BMI, reinforces the contribution of these comorbidities to vascular injury in early life. ER  - 
Trabecular and cortical bone deficits are present in children and adolescents with cystic fibrosis; Osteopenia and increased fracture rates are well-recognized in adults with CF, but neither the specific contributions of cortical and trabecular bone deficits to bone fragility nor their presence in youth with CF are well-characterized. This study sought to characterize cortical and trabecular volumetric bone mineral density (vBMD), geometry, and biomechanical competence in children with CF and determine their relationship to growth, body composition, and disease severity. Peripheral quantitative computerized tomography (pQCT) measures of total, cortical, and trabecular vBMD, cortical, muscle, and fat cross-sectional areas (CSA), periosteal and endosteal circumferences, and the polar unweighted section modulus (Zp) of the tibia were converted to age- and tibial length-adjusted Z-scores in 97 CF and 199 healthy children (aged 8-21 y). Effects of body composition and pulmonary function (forced expiratory volume in 1 s, FEV1) upon pQCT outcomes were determined using linear regression. Children with CF (FEV1%-predicted: 84.4 + 19.7) had lower weight-, height-, BMI-, and whole body lean mass (LBM)-Z and tibial length. Females with CF had lower (p < 0.01) total and trabecular vBMD; cortical, muscle, and fat CSA; Zp and periosteal circumference than females in the healthy reference group. These bone differences persisted after adjustment for BMI-Z and to a great extent following adjustment for muscle CSA. Males with CF had lower (p < 0.01) cortical, muscle, and fat CSA and their trabecular vBMD deficit approached significance (p = 0.069). Deficits were attenuated by adjustment for BMI-Z and to a greater extent adjustment for muscle CSA-Z. The relationship between FEV1%-predicted and pQCT outcomes persisted only in males following adjustment for age and BMI-Z. The CF cohort had lower tibial muscle CSA than expected for their LBM. In this relatively healthy, young CF cohort, deficits in trabecular and multiple cortical bone parameters were present. In females, deficits were greater at older ages and were not fully explained by alterations in body composition. In males worsening pulmonary function was associated with greater deficits that was not explained by increasing age or compromised nutritional status. The occurrence of these differences in CF youth highlights the importance of instituting measures to optimize peak bone mass early in the course of CF. ER  - 
Resistin, visfatin, leptin and omentin are differently related to hormonal and metabolic parameters in growth hormone-deficient children; Purpose: The effect of growth hormone (GH) on adipose tissue and the role of adipokines in modulating metabolism are documented, but with discordant data. Our aim was to evaluate the impact of GH treatment on a series of selected adipokines known to have a metabolic role and poorly investigated in this setting. Methods: This is a prospective study. Thirty-one prepubertal children (25 M, 6 F; aged 8.5 ± 1.6 years) with isolated GH deficiency treated with GH for at least 12 months and 30 matched controls were evaluated. Auxological and metabolic parameters, insulin sensitivity indexes, leptin, soluble leptin receptor, adiponectin, visfatin, resistin, omentin, adipocyte fatty acid-binding protein and retinol-binding protein-4 were evaluated before and after 12 months of treatment. Results: At baseline, no significant difference in metabolic parameters was found between GHD children and controls, except for higher LDL cholesterol (p = 0.004) in the first group. At multivariate analysis, LDL cholesterol was independently associated with resistin (B 0.531; p = 0.002), while IGF-I was the only variable independently associated with visfatin (B 0.688; p < 0.001). After 12 months, a significant increase in fasting insulin (p = 0.008), Homa-IR (p = 0.007) and visfatin (p < 0.001) was found, with a concomitant decrease in LDL cholesterol (p = 0.015), QUICKI (p = 0.001), ISI Matsuda (p = 0.006), leptin (p = 0.015) and omentin (p = 0.003)]. At multivariate analysis, BMI was the only variable independently associated with leptin (B 0.485; p = 0.040). Conclusions: GH treatment modifies adipokine secretion and the perturbation of some adipokine levels could contribute to the clinical and metabolic changes observed during the follow-up. ER  - 
Reproductive factors and risk of type 2 diabetes in an occupational cohort of Chinese women; Aims Hormonal milieu has long been known to play an important role in the development of type 2 diabetes (T2D). The aims of this study are to investigate the roles of menstrual and reproductive factors in relation to T2D risk in an occupational cohort of Chinese women; and to explore the role of endogenous estrogen in T2D development. Methods We conducted a cross-sectional analysis of baseline data from 16114 women (11051 premenopausal and 5063 postmenopausal) aged ≥ 20 years who participated in the ongoing prospective occupational cohort study. Multivariable logistic regressions were modeled to evaluate the associations of reproductive factors with T2D risk. Results Early menarche at age (≤ 12 versus 15–16 years) was associated with increased T2D risk (odds ratio [OR]: 1.60, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.16–2.22). After multiple adjustment including age, BMI and occupation, postmenopausal status was positively associated with T2D risk (OR: 1.54, 95% CI: 1.10–2.14). Reproductive life span was significantly associated with T2D risk (P = 0.02), albeit displaying a U-shape relationship. Similarly, age at menopause was also associated with T2D risk in the same U-shaped as with reproductive life span (P = 0.03). Further, years since menopause (P = 0.003), but not history of cycle regularity and hormone use, was associated with increased T2D risk. Conclusion Reproductive factors were associated with T2D supporting the notion that either a short or prolonged exposure to endogenous estrogen affects T2D risk in Chinese women. Reproductive factors should be added to risk stratification when counseling women about their risk of developing diabetes. ER  - 
Association of insulin sensitivity (IS) with age at menarche (AAM) in girls with type 1 diabetes (T1d): Search for diabetes in youth study; OBJECTIVE: Abnormal timing of menarche is a predictor of many pathological conditions. Those pathologies include reproductive dysfunctions, metabolic disorders and cardiovascular diseases. It has been reported that early AAM is associated with lower IS and increased risk of type 2 diabetes. However, the association of IS with AAM in girls with T1D has not been studied. We have previously demonstrated that in girls with T1D, poor glycemic control correlates with delayed AAM, while obesity - reflected by Body Mass Index (BMI) correlates with earlier AAM. In this study, we examine the association of IS with the AAM. DESIGN: The SEARCH for Diabetes in Youth study comprises the largest contemporary cohort of youth with diabetes in the US, inclusive of youth diagnosed with diabetes younger than age 20 years whose diabetes was prevalent in 2001, or incident in the years thereafter. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Participants included in our analyses were girls (n=379) diagnosed with T1D from 2002-2005. Their mean age at diagnosis was 9.6± 2.7 years and T1D duration 9.8± 6.1 months. All subjects had a baseline visit prior to menarche and ≥1 follow-up visits. Their A1c was 7.8 ± 1.4 % and BMI 18.5 ± 3.4 kg/m2. This cohort included 71% of non-Hispanic Whites, 12% African-Americans, 8% Hispanics, and 9% others. IS was determined using the IS score validated by euglycemic-hyperinsulinemic clamp studies [1]. A series of multiple linear regression (MLR) models with AAM as the outcome variable was fitted to examine the confounder-adjusted impact of IS (measured at each visit) on AAM, including linear and non-linear terms. RESULTS: Unadjusted MLR models demonstrated neither linear nor quadratic effects of IS as significant predictors for AAM (p=NS). However, when adjusted for the potential confounders, including duration of T1D, BMI, race, and socioeconomic status - IS had a significant negative linear effect (b=-0.09; p<0.01), and a significant quadratic effect (p<0.01) on AAM. This pattern was opposite to the one seen in girls without T1D. CONCLUSIONS: In our cohort of girls with T1D, lower IS is associated with later AAM after the adjustment for potential confounders. This pattern is the opposite of that seen in girls without T1D. The reversal of pattern may be secondary to pathological processes underlying T1D such as autoimmunity. Further studies are needed to better understand the impact of IS on reproductive system, including functionality of hypothalamic-pituitarygonadal axis of women with T1D. ER  - 
The role of TAC1 neurons in the metabolic and reproductive action of leptin; OBJECTIVE: Central deficiency of leptin signaling is well known to be associated with metabolic and reproductive dysregulation, but the identification of leptin responsive 1st order neurons remains elusive. The Tac1 gene (encoding substance P and neurokinin A) has recently been implicated in the timing of puberty onset and control of body weight. Importantly, Tac1 neurons have been described to express leptin receptor (Lepr) in lateral hypothalamic nuclei and the ventral premamillary nuclei. We aimed to determine whether Tac1 neurons mediate the reproductive and/or metabolic actions of leptin. DESIGN: Cohort study. MATERIALS AND METHODS: To evaluate the interaction between leptin and Tac1 neurons, we selectively ablated the leptin receptor fromTac1 neurons of male and female mice (Tac1-Cre:Leprfl/fl). Tac1-Cre:Leprfl/fl mice were compared to wild type (WT) littermate controls . Body weight, puberty onset and response to high fat diet (HFD) were monitored in female mice. RESULTS: Leprfl/fl and littermate control mice displayed similar body weight when fed a standard chow diet over 20 weeks. However, our preliminary data indicate that adult Tac1-Cre:Leprfl/fl females subjected to a 60% HFD gained more weight than controls over a 7 day period. In terms of their reproductive function, our preliminary studies have not revealed any disruption in the timing of puberty onset, as determined by timing of vaginal opening or first estrus in females. CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest that lepr-expressing Tac1 neurons may participate in the metabolic actions of leptin. These data increase our understanding of the neuroendocrine mechanisms that govern energy balance and their possible link with fertility and may offer new avenues of research to treat reproductive disorders derived from metabolic alterations, e.g. obesity, diabetes or PCOS. Further studies are underway to fully characterize the metabolic and reproductive phenotype of these mice with Lepr deletion from Tac1 neurons. ER  - 
Chronic disease outcomes after severe acute malnutrition in Malawian children (ChroSAM): a cohort study; Background Tackling severe acute malnutrition (SAM) is a global health priority. Heightened risk of non-communicable diseases (NCD) in children exposed to SAM at around 2 years of age is plausible in view of previously described consequences of other early nutritional insults. By applying developmental origins of health and disease (DOHaD) theory to this group, we aimed to explore the long-term effects of SAM. Methods We followed up 352 Malawian children (median age 9·3 years) who were still alive following SAM inpatient treatment between July 12, 2006, and March 7, 2007, (median age 24 months) and compared them with 217 sibling controls and 184 age-and-sex matched community controls. Our outcomes of interest were anthropometry, body composition, lung function, physical capacity (hand grip, step test, and physical activity), and blood markers of NCD risk. For comparisons of all outcomes, we used multivariable linear regression, adjusted for age, sex, HIV status, and socioeconomic status. We also adjusted for puberty in the body composition regression model. Findings Compared with controls, children who had survived SAM had lower height-for-age Z scores (adjusted difference vs community controls 0·4, 95% CI 0·6 to 0·2, p=0·001; adjusted difference vs sibling controls 0·2, 0·0 to 0·4, p=0·04), although they showed evidence of catch-up growth. These children also had shorter leg length (adjusted difference vs community controls 2·0 cm, 1·0 to 3·0, p<0·0001; adjusted difference vs sibling controls 1·4 cm, 0·5 to 2·3, p=0·002), smaller mid-upper arm circumference (adjusted difference vs community controls 5·6 mm, 1·9 to 9·4, p=0·001; adjusted difference vs sibling controls 5·7 mm, 2·3 to 9·1, p=0·02), calf circumference (adjusted difference vs community controls 0·49 cm, 0·1 to 0·9, p=0·01; adjusted difference vs sibling controls 0·62 cm, 0·2 to 1·0, p=0·001), and hip circumference (adjusted difference vs community controls 1·56 cm, 0·5 to 2·7, p=0·01; adjusted difference vs sibling controls 1·83 cm, 0·8 to 2·8, p<0·0001), and less lean mass (adjusted difference vs community controls −24·5, −43 to −5·5, p=0·01; adjusted difference vs sibling controls −11·5, −29 to −6, p=0·19) than did either sibling or community controls. Survivors of SAM had functional deficits consisting of weaker hand grip (adjusted difference vs community controls −1·7 kg, 95% CI −2·4 to −0·9, p<0·0001; adjusted difference vs sibling controls 1·01 kg, 0·3 to 1·7, p=0·005,)) and fewer minutes completed of an exercise test (sibling odds ratio [OR] 1·59, 95% CI 1·0 to 2·5, p=0·04; community OR 1·59, 95% CI 1·0 to 2·5, p=0·05). We did not detect significant differences between cases and controls in terms of lung function, lipid profile, glucose tolerance, glycated haemoglobin A1c, salivary cortisol, sitting height, and head circumference. Interpretation Our results suggest that SAM has long-term adverse effects. Survivors show patterns of so-called thrifty growth, which is associated with future cardiovascular and metabolic disease. The evidence of catch-up growth and largely preserved cardiometabolic and pulmonary functions suggest the potential for near-full rehabilitation. Future follow-up should try to establish the effects of puberty and later dietary or social transitions on these parameters, as well as explore how best to optimise recovery and quality of life for survivors. Funding The Wellcome Trust. ER  - 
Coexistence of endocrinopathies in children with rheumatic diseases; Background and objectives To examine the frequency of endocrinopathies in children with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) and juvenile idiopathic arthritis (JIA). Design and setting A cross-sectional study. Patients and methods A study was conducted in Saudi children with SLE and JIA who were seen at King Faisal Specialist Hospital and Research Centre, Riyadh, between September 2013 and April 2015. All enrolled patients completed the clinical evaluation, which included information about family history of autoimmune disease, growth parameters and tanner stage, as well as the following assessments: vitamin D profile (parathyroid hormone and 25-OH vitamin D levels), TSH, FT4 and total T3, thyroglobulin antibodies, thyroperoxidase antibodies, random blood sugar, HbA1C, IGF1, IGFBP-3, LH, and FSH. Results A total of 42 patients, 22 with JIA and 20 with SLE, were included in the study. The mean participant age was 12.2 ± 5.3 years with a mean disease duration of 3.2 ± 3.4 years. Female gender was predominant (17 SLE, 13 JIA) in the patient population. Fifteen patients (35.7%) presented with a family history of autoimmune disease. The most frequently detected endocrinopathies were vitamin D insufficiency (35%) and thyroid disease (31%). Eight JIA patients and 7 SLE patients exhibited low vitamin D levels; 10 patients presented with hyperparathyroidism. Thyroid dysfunction was observed in 13 patients (8 SLE, 5 JIA), and 2 patients were found to be euthyroid (normal TSH, FT4) with positive thyroid autoantibodies. Furthermore, 7 patients presented with subclinical hypothyroidism (high TSH, normal FT4), and 4 patients presented with overt hypothyroidism (high TSH, low FT4). Seven patients (4 SLE and 3 JIA) presented with short stature due to growth hormone insufficiency (low IGF1, IGFBP-3). Two patients exhibited delayed puberty accompanied by low LH levels. Diabetes mellitus was more frequently observed in patients with JIA (4 patients) than in patients with SLE (1 patient). Conclusion Our findings demonstrated that coexistence of endocrinopathies is not uncommon in children diagnosed with JIA and SLE. Abnormal thyroid function occurs frequently and at a similar rate in children diagnosed with SLE and JIA. Thus, screening for endocrinopathies, namely thyroid disease, during the assessment of childhood SLE and JIA is worth consideration. ER  - 
Risk factors for post-operative shoulder stiffness: Are there new candidates?; The aim of this study was to document the incidence of postoperative shoulder stiffness (SS) after arthroscopic rotator cuff repair and evaluate the role of risk factors for its development. Seventy-five consecutive patients that underwent arthroscopic rotator cuff repair were included. The incidence of postoperative SS was prospectively investigated and the presence of 20 potential risk factors was documented retrospectively. The incidence of post-operative SS was 10.4%. All patients were women, and sex was significantly associated to pathology development (p=0.0067). The presence of gastroesophageal diseases was found to be significantly associated with post-operative SS development (p=0.0046). A significant association between the occurrence of post-operative SS and the presence of gastroesophageal diseases was identified. This finding, not yet reported in literature, deserves further investigation. The incidence of postoperative SS fell among previously reported ranges, with females significantly more affected than men. ER  - 
Impact of weight loss after bariatric surgery on gonadic function in severely obese female adolescents; Background and objectives: To study short-term effects of consequent weight loss on ovarian function and its correlation with morphometric and metabolic changes at 1 and 2 years after a laparoscopic adjustable gastric banding (LAGB) placement in severely obese adolescents. Subjects and methods: Our retrospective and observational study was conducted between July 2015 and January 2016 in a single center. Menstruations, anthropology and biological data were collected prospectively before LAGB (MO, n= 17), one (M12, n= 15) and two (M24, n = 9) years after surgery. Data of seventeen female adolescents, operated between April 2011 and November 2015, were included in the study (MO). Description of morphometric changes was made with calculation of BMI, excess body weight (EBW) and excess weight loss (%EWL). Metabolic changes were described using homeostatic model assessment (HOMA) for insulin resistance; gonadic function parameters were age at menarche, cycle length and serum androgen levels (testosterone) in adolescents free from oral contraception. Results: Mean BMI of our population before surgery was 42.4 ± 6.7 kg/m2. At M12, mean EWL was 19.7 ± 14.1%. Age at menarche was significantly younger in obese adolescents compared to mean age of menarche of their mothers (11.6 ± 1.5 vs 12.3 ± 1.8 years old, P=0.05). Mean of cycle length in our population moved from 60.7 ± 34.9 days before surgery to 26.0 ± 3.4 days after surgery (P = 0.014). Cycle length without hormonal contraception correlated positively with BMI before surgery (r = 0.687 P = 0.043). Neither insulin sensitivity (HOMA), nor testosterone level changed significantly at both 1 and 2 years after bariatric surgery. Conclusion: Consequent weight loss seems to have eifects on improvement of ovarian function by normalizing menstruation cycle length in severely obese female adolescents, despite modest metabolic and hormonal changes. ER  - 
Which amount of BMI-SDS reduction is necessary to improve cardiovascular risk factors in overweight and obese children?; Background: Knowing the changes of cardiovascular risk factors (CRF) in relation to weight loss would be helpful to advise overweight children and their parents and to decide whether drugs should be prescribed in addition to lifestyle intervention. Objective and hypotheses: The aim of the study was to determine the degree of overweight reduction to improve CRFs in overweight children. Method: We studied changes of blood pressure (BP), fasting HDL-, LDL-cholesterol, triglycerides, glucose, and insulin resistance index HOMA in 1388 overweight children (mean BMI 27.9 ± 0.1, mean age 11.4 ± 0.1 year, 43.8% male, 45.5% prepubertal) participating in the uniform 1-year lifestyle intervention “Obeldicks”. Change of weight status was determined by delta BMI-SDS based on the recommended percentiles of the International Task Force of Obesity. Results: BMI-SDS reduction was associated with a significant improvement of all analyzed CRFs except fasting glucose and LDL-cholesterol after adjusting for multiple confounders such as baseline CRF, age, gender, BMI, pubertal stage and its changes in BMI-SDS reduction >0.25-0.5 (systolic BP -3.2 ±1.4 mmHg, diastolic BP - 2.2 ± 1.1 mmHg, triglycerides - 6.9 ± 5.8 mg/dl, HDL-cholesterol + 1.3 ± 1.2 mg/dl, HOMA -0.5 ± 0.3). A reduction of >0.5 BMI-SDS led to more pronounced improvement (systolic BP -6.0± 1.3 mmHg, diastolic BP -5.1 ± 1.3 mmHg, triglycerides - 16.4 ± 7.1 mg/dl, HDL-cholesterol + 1.6 ± 1.5 mg/dl, HOMA -0.9 ± 0.3). Per 0.1 BMI-SDS reduction systolic BP (- 1.0 mmHg), diastolic BP (- 0.7 mmHg), triglycerides (- 2.3 mg/dl), and HOMA (- 0.2) decreased significantly, while HDL-cholesterol (0.2 mg/dl) increased significantly in linear regression analyses accounted for multiple confounders. Conclusion: A BMI-SDS reduction >0.25 improved significantly key factors of the Metabolic Syndrome such as hypertension, hypertriglyceridemia and low HDL-cholesterol, while a BMI-SDS >0.5 doubled the effect. ER  - 
What are early predictors of impaired glucose tolerance in children born SGA?; Background: Subjects born small for gestational age (SGA) were shown to be at higher risk to later metabolic consequences but early prediction factors of changes in glucose metabolism are not clearly known. Objective and hypotheses: We aimed to investigate glucose tolerance and insulin resistance in adolescents born SGA or appropriate for gestational age (AGA) and their relationship with perinatal and postnatal factors. Method: A prospective cohort of 48 SGA and 98 AGA children was followed - up from birth to adolescence (75 boys, 71 girls). At the time of study subjects were 11-15 years old (mean 13.1 ± 1.4; SGA 12.3 ± 1.1; AGA 13.5 ± 1.4 years). 14.6% of SGA children did not show catch-up growth. Statistical analyses were adjusted for sex, age, pubertal stage and BMI SDS. Results: SGA children without catch-up had higher glucose concentration 30 min. after glucose load than those with catch-up growth or AGA (9.03 ± 0.61 vs 7.38 ± 0.23 (P = 0.01); 7.2 ± 0.15 mmol/1 (P = 0.005), respectively). In both SGA groups 120 min. postload glycemia was higher than in AGA, but the difference was more pronounced between AGA and SGA without catch-up growth (AGA 5.81 ± 1.13; SGA with catchup growth 6.37 ± 1.07 (P = 0.04); SGA without catch-up growth 7.43 ± 2.01 mmol/1 (P = 0.01)). The differences in insulin levels and HOMA-IR were not significant between groups. Higher 120 min. glucose concentration was related with lower birth weight and length (r= -0.222, P = 0.008; r= - 0.169, P=0.046), birth weight and length SDS (r= -0.283, P = 0.001; r= -0.215, P=0.011), birth BMI (r=-0.199, P = 0.018) and faster prepubertal BMI growth rate (r = 0.267, P = 0.012). Fasting insulin and HOMA-IR correlated directly with height growth velocity during first month after birth (r=0.252, P = 0.018; r=0.237, P = 0.027), height and weight gain during first 6 years of life (r = 0.419, P = 0.021; r = 0.408, P = 0.025). Conclusion: Small size at birth, higher prepubertal BMI gain and absence of postnatal catch-up growth are related to higher posprandial glucose levels at puberty. ER  - 
Higher-than-conventional subcutaneous regular insulin doses following diabetic ketoacidosis are associated with better short-term glycemic control; Background: While some guidelines recommend 0.5-1.0 units/kg per day of subcutaneous insulin following resolution of diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA), up to 2 units/kg/day are used in various centers. Objective and hypotheses: To test the hypothesis that higher initial insulin doses would be more efficient during first 48 h of subcutaneous insulin therapy after DKA in cases with new-onset type 1 diabetes. Method: Records of patients presented with DKA in the last 3 years (n = 76, median (25th-75th percentile) age= 10.0 (6.0-12.0) years, M/F:44/32) were reviewed. Patients given high-dose subcutaneous regular insulin (> 1.0 units/kg per day) constituted Group 1 (n = 46, median dose = 1.39 (1.02-1.47)) while those treated with conventional-dose (< 1.0 units/kg per day) constituted Group 2 (n = 30, median dose = 0.90 (0.82-0.95)). Clinical and laboratory data were collected and analyzed. Results: Groups were similar regarding age, gender, pubertal status, HbA1c, insulin dose administered for DKA, and blood glucose levels at the start of subcutaneous insulin treatment. Median and minimum blood glucose levels of Group 1 in the first 48 h were significantly lower than that of Group 2 (230 (198-270) vs 266 (221-315), P = 0.008 and 102 (85-151) vs 129 (105-199), P = 0.043, respectively). The number of patients who experienced hypoglycemia (<70 mg/d1) were similar (Group 1, 7 (15.2%) vs Group 2, 2 (6.7%), P = 0.469) and none had severe hypoglycemia. In Group 1, ratio of blood glucose levels in the target range (100-200 mg/dl) were higher and the number of measurements > 200 mg/dl were lower compared to Group 2 (P=0.014 and P = 0.004, respectively). Subcutaneous insulin doses (units/kg per day) administered in second day in both Group 1 (1.48 (1.19-1.71) and Group 2 (1.05 (0.97-1.17)) were significantly higher compared to starting doses (P<0.001 for both). Glycemic variability indices were similar among the groups. Conclusion: After resolution of DKA, a dose of 1.0-1.5 u/kg per day regular insulin is associated with better glycemic control without increased risk of hypoglycemia. ER  - 
Safety and efficacy of Growth Hormone (GH) in combination with the gonadotrophin releasing hormone agonist leuprorelin in pubertal children with idiopathic short stature; Background: Due to delays in diagnosis of Idiopathic Short Stature (ISS), puberty has often started when Growth Hormone (GH) is initiated. Objective and hypotheses: To compare GH + leuprorelin (GH + L) with GH alone in patients with ISS and at Tanner puberty stage 2 or 3. We hypothesised that co-administration of GH + L for 2-3 years would delay puberty, prolong GH efficacy and increase adult height. Method: A phase 3, randomised, open-label study to examine safety and efficacy of GH to be administered until adult height reached, with or without leuprorelin, in pubertal children with ISS. However, following disclosure of the SAGhE study results, the French Drug Agency requested that GH be stopped early; consequently leuprorelin was also stopped. Patients from France entered a long-term follow-up until near adult height (NAH). Results: Of 89 randomised patients, 45 received GH + L and 43 received GH. Mean (standard deviation; SD) GH treatment duration was 28.9 (10.9; range, 1.7-49.2) months with GH + L and 29.9 (10.7; range, 3.1-51.3) months with GH. Mean (SD) exposure to leuprorelin was 20.9 (6.4; range 3.0-33.1) months. Mean (SD) height velocity standard deviation score (SDS) was -0.3 (0.6) with GH + L and 0.3 (0.5) with GH at 2 years when leuprorelin was stopped; at 4 years respective values were 0.7 (0.5) and -0.0 (0.6). Mean height SDS gain from baseline was 1.0 (0.6) and 0.9 (0.4) at 4 years. Mean NAH SDS was - 1.8 (0.5) in the GH + L group (n = 19) and -1.8 (0.8) in the GH group (n=17). Seven versus 3 patients had bone fractures during GH + L versus GH. No deaths occurred. No unexpected adverse events occurred during or after treatment. Conclusion: Treatments were stopped early and no conclusion can be made for comparative efficacy of GH + L versus GH alone. Long-term safety follow-up revealed no new safety concerns regarding GH treatment. ER  - 
Haplo-insufficiency for LHX4 alone does not result in hypopituitarism; Background: Two LIM homeodomain transcription factors, Lhx3 and Lhx4, are critical in the development of the nervous system and pituitary gland in mice. Lhx4 null mice die shortly after birth and have abnormal pituitary gland development. Recently, the first human homozygous LHX4 mutation was described, resulting in congenital hypopituitarism and neonatal death. Heterozygous LHX4 variants have been described and are linked to hypopituitarism but have variable penetrance. Hypothesis: Haplo-insufficiency for LHX4 per se does not cause hypopituitarism; either LHX4 variants act in a dominant negative fashion or a second genetic/environmental abnormality is required to affect pituitary function. Clinical case: The index case was born at term weighing 3.1 kg. She had neonatal pneumonia, and feeding problems and continued to have delayed milestones and learning difficulties. She also had day and night enuresis without evidence of diabetes insipidus. A CGH array showed a 2.2 Mb deletion of chromosome Iq25.2-lq25.3 which includes LHX4; the deletion was not present in the mother. Investigation showed normal pituitary function and a normal pituitary and brain on MRI. She grew along the 9-25 th centile with a midparental height on the 2 nd-9 th centile. She entered puberty at a normal age (9-10 years) although she had menarche at the age of 10.5 years. There was a family history of learning difficulties, deafness, renal abnormalities and anencephaly in three paternal cousins. The father is healthy. His genetic analysis is still pending. Conclusion: HaploinsufEciency of LHX4 in itself does not result in pituitary pathology. Redundancy or rescue by other transcription factors may be responsible for the absence of a pituitary phenotype in LHX4 dosage reduction. Heterozygous LHX4 mutations described in hypopituitarism may be part of a digenic or oligogenic cause of disease or act in a dominant negative fashion. ER  - 
Effect of conjugated linoleic acid and metformin on insulin sensitivity, measured by euglycemic-hyperinsulinemic Clamp Technique, in children with obesity: A randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled trial; Background: Insulin resistance precedes metabolic syndrome abnormalities, and may promote cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes in obese children. Lifestyle modification programs have been proposed as the gold standard of care in these individuals. However, results have been discouraging and the use of adjuvant strategies has been necessary. Metformin has beneficial effects on weight reduction, favoring a decrease in body mass index (BMI) and insulin resistance in obese non-diabetic individuals. Furthermore, several studies have acknowledged the beneficial effects of CLA isomers on body composition, insulin sensitivity and lipid metabolism in experimental animals and humans. Objective and hypotheses: Evaluate metformin and Conjugated Linoleic Acid (CLA) effects on insulin sensitivity, measured by the gold standard Euglycemic-Hyperinsulinemic Clamp Technique, in obese Mexican children. We hypothesized that Metformin and CLA would exceed lifestyle intervention benefit with an effect size of at least 30% over the main outcome M-value insulin sensitivity compared to placebo treated patients Method: A randomized, double-blinded 16-weeks placebo-controlled clinical trial was conducted. Obese children and adolescents were randomly assigned to receive either metformin (1 g), CLA (3 g) or placebo. (Clinicaltrials.gov:NCT02063802). All patients were included in s standardized lifestyle intervention programe Results: Intervention had a positive effect on weight, height, BMI, waist circumference and fitness condition in all groups. For the primary outcome, Insulin Sensitivity M-value (mg/kg/min), there was a statistically significant difference between CLA group compared to PLB (6.53 ± 2.54 Vs 5.05 ± 1.46, P = 0.035). Fasting insulinemia and HOMA-IR significantly improved in CLA group (P=0.045). Covariance analyses were executed to control the influence of BMI, A-BMI, age, Tanner stage, prescribed diet and fitness achievement over the Insulin Sensitivity M-value. Tanner stage showed statistical significant influence. Conclusion: A clinically relevant effect size on insulin sensitivity was evident in CLA treated patients (37%) that exceed lifestyle intervention program benefits. ER  - 
An uncommon case of adolescent with POF; Background: Premature ovarian failure (POF) is uncommon in pediatrics and when occurs during the adolescence is typically iatrogenic or due to chromosomal anomaly. Also many genes have been identified that contribute to the development of POF, and most of these mutations are extremely rare. Objective: We describe a case of 15 years old female presented short stature and secondary amenorrhea, after a normal puberty but without peak height velocity. She was well being with no history of illness, drugs or radiation and no family history of ovarian insufficiency. Results: Clinically besides short stature (- 2 SDS), we highlighted an involution of secondary sexual characteristics with very small mammary gland (4 cm). Laboratory findings revealed eleveted gonadotropins (LH 65 U/1, FSH 185 U/1) confirmed by LHRH test (peak LH > 250 U/1, peak FSH > 200 U/1) that allowed to diagnose an hypergonadotropic hypogonadism. Kariotype was normal and adrenal and ovaries antibodies were negative. Pelvic imaging by tras-abdominal ultrasound and MRI showed a very small ovaries and uterus. We started with estrogen replacement therapy, until the dose of 10 μg/die. She had regular mestrual bleending and an adult development of uterus and mammary gland. She received a GH replacement therapy to improve the final height and she catch her target height. Nevertheless the last abdominal MRI failed to identify the ovaries. Conclusion: Probably a genetic etiology, maybe a gonadotropic receptor dysfunction, is implicated but the certain cause still remain not known. ER  - 
Follow-up of growth and puberty in girls and boys with premature adrenarche; Background: Premature adrenarche (PA) has been linked with early pubertal development, but only few longitudinal studies on PA girls and boys born appropriate for gestational age (AGA) have been reported. Objective: Our objective was to study growth and pubertal development in PA children, and to explore which factors in prepuberty predict early menarche in girls. Methods: PA (n = 43, 36 girls) and control children (n = 63, 52 girls) had been examined at the mean age of 7.6 years. Their parental pubertal timing, growth, pubertal signs, serum DHEAS, androstenedione, IGF-1, and insulin concentrations had been recorded. The current visit at the mean age of 12.1 years (95% CI 12.0-12.2) included pubertal and anthropometric assessment. Factors predicting early menarche were analysed with a logistic regression analysis. Results: The PA girls but not the boys were taller and heavier than the controls (160.1 vs. 153.3 cm, P<0.001; 154.9 vs. 153.8 cm, NS; BMI 21.6 vs. 19.2 kg/m2, P<0.01; 23.5 vs. 21.7 kg/m2, NS; respectively). The same percentage of the PA and control boys were at Tanner genital stage ≥2 (43 vs. 46%, NS). A higher proportion of the PA than control girls had reached menarche (64 vs. 26%, P<0.001). In a univariate logistic regression model, having a history of PA, earlier maternal menarche, higher childhood BMI, serum DHEAS, androstenedione, IGF-1, and insulin concentrations, were all associated with the appearance of early menarche. However, in a multivariate stepwise forward model, only the history of PA, earlier maternal menarche, and higher IGF-1 were significantly associated with early menarche. Conclusions: AGA-born PA girls have advanced pubertal development and linear growth, and they are slightly heavier than control girls still at 12 years of age. In boys, larger cohorts need to be evaluated. Prepubertal IGF-1 and the history of PA are strong predictors of earlier timing of menarche. ER  - 
Type 1 diabetes associated serum insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) reference values in children and adolescents; Background: The disturbance of the GH-IGF-axis in type 1 diabetes (T1DM) with low circulating IGF-I, GH hypersecretion, and hyperinsulinemia, which may be associated with high tissue IGF-I, have implications on long-term vascular complications. Objective and hypotheses: To establish disease, sex and age related serum IGF-I reference values for children with T1DM and test the hypothesis that IGF-I SDS is lower in T1DM than in healthy controls and negatively correlated to HbA1c, age, diabetes duration, and BMI. Method: Annual IGF-I values were obtained from children and adolescents with T1DM. A total of 2,683 serum IGF-I values from 806 children were collected for up to 6 consecutive years. Results: Diabetes, sex and age related IGF-I SDS values were negatively correlated to HbA1c, age, and diabetes duration, but positively correlated to BMI. Children and adolescents with T1DM had lower mean IGF-I levels as well as lower cut-offs (± 2 SD) compared to healthy subjects. In boys with T1DM, mean IGF-I levels were - 1.04 SD calculated from the healthy reference. IGF-I peaked at 15 years of age, similar to healthy controls, but with markedly lower levels in late puberty. Girls were more affected at later stages of puberty but with a slightly less depressed overall mean IGF-I of - 0.69 SD. There was no correlation between IGF-I SDS and final height SDS or distance to TH SDS. Conclusion: We have established an IGF-I reference for children with T1DM and demonstrated that poor metabolic control and diabetes duration impact negatively on serum IGF-I levels. Low serum IGF-I may further elevate GH and increase insulin in extra-hepatic tissues leading to high tissue IGF-I and progression of vascular complications. IGF-I SDS may become a complement to HbA1c in predicting long term outcomes in T1DM. (Figur Presented). ER  - 
Prevalence of polycystic ovary symdrome and its clinical profile in young females with type 1 diabetes mellitus; Background: The non-physiological ways and supraphysio-logical doses of insulin required for good glycemic control in patients with type 1 diabetes right from onset exposes them to effects of hyperinsulinism. In addition insulin resistance may be seen because of glucose toxicity and abnormal fat mass gain during puberty Insulin acts synergistically with luetinizing hormone to facilitate androgen production by theca. Objective and hypotheses: To investigate the prevalence of polycystic ovary syndrome and its clinical profile in females with type 1 diabetes. Exogenous hyperinsulinism and insulin resistance may cause a polycystic ovary like profile in predisposed T1DM women. Method: In this cross-sectional study 65 T1DM patients underwent clinical examination, hormonal evaluation for hyper-androgenemia and ultrasonography of the ovaries in the follicular phase of their menstrual cycle. Results: Median age and duration of diabetes were 20 (range 11-40) and 6 (range 1.5-27) years respectively. Median glycosylated haemoglobin was 7.15 (range 6.45-11.06). Thirty eight subjects (63%) had pre-pubertal onset of diabetes. Eighteen of 60 patients (30%) satisfied the Rotterdam criteria for PCOS and 7(11%) the NIH criteria, prevalence which is much higher than 3.6% reported by us earlier in young women (18-24 years age) from Lucknow. There was no difference in the clinical, anthropometric and biochemical parameters in patients with or without PCOS. In the subgroups of pre pubertal or post pubertal onset of diabetes, there were no difference in the levels of glycosylated haemoglobin, sex hormone binding globulin, and free androgen index, between the two groups, but the daily insulin dose in U/kg was higher in the post-pubertal group (1.05 ± 0.21 in pre-pubertal vs 1.45 ± 0.61 in post-pubertal; P value = 0.051). Conclusion: Patients with type 1 diabetes have a high prevalence of menstrual irregularities, hyperandrogenism and PCOS which is not related to metabolic control or age of onset of diabetes. ER  - 
An unusual association between empty sella and central precocious puberty; Background: Empty sella refers to the radiographic appearance of an enlarged or deformed sella turcica and it is considered a rare occurrence in childhood. Many reports have suggested that it is associated with hypothalamic-pituitary dysfunction, with a high prevalence of growth hormone deficiency, as well as multiple pituitary hormone deficiency, idiopathic delayed puberty and isolated diabetes insipidus. Objective and hypotheses: We describe the case of a girl in whom central precocious puberty was diagnosed in association with a partially empty sella and who had no other hypothalamic-pituitary dysfunction. Methods: The girl was evaluated at the age of 6 years and 6 months for an early pubertal development. Family history could not be assessed because the child has been adopted in Nepal. Breast development corresponded to Tanner stage II. We noticed an increase in growth velocity that was of 6 cm in six month. She performed blood count, urinalysis, hepatic profile, thyroid function, tumour markers, a GnRH stimulation test, bone age, pelvic ultrasound and a brain MRI. Results: All tests performed were normal. The GNRH test revealed a pubertal response with a FSH peak concentration of 19.9 mUI/ml and LH peak of 38.1 mUI/ml, both at 30 minutes. Her bone age (Greulich and Pyle method) was 8 years. Pelvic ultrasound showed higher uterine volumes and fundus/cervix ratio and increased ovarian volume with multiple follicles. The MRI of the hypothalamic-pituitary region revealed a partially empty sella. She performed: basal growth hormone, Cortisol, IGF-1, prolactin and serum electrolyte that were all normal. Conclusion: The association of central precocious puberty with primary empty sella has been documented infrequently, and it may be due to the stretching of the pituitary stalk causing an increase of the LHRH transport mechanism by the hypothalamus to the pituitary gland. ER  - 
The 3M syndrome: A cause of pre- and post-natal severe growth retardation; Background: 3-M syndrome is an autosomal recessive growth disorder characterised by severe pre- and post-natal growth retardation caused by mutations in CUL7, OBSL1 or CCDC8. Clinical characteristics include dysmorphic facial features and fleshy prominent heels with a variable degree of radiological abnormalities. Objective and hypotheses: Evaluation of four new patients from two different families. Cases: Family-1/Patients-1,2: Two brothers (16.6 (patient-1) and 8.5 (patient-2) years-old) were referred for marked short stature. Their anthropometric measurements at birth was not known but they were born small. Their parents were first degree cousin. Physical examination revealed a severe short stature (HeightSDS:-6.1/-5.8) and dysmorphic features. Pubertal stages were Tanner-2 and Tanner-1. Their motor and mental developments were normal. Endocrine work-up was normal. Genetic testing confirmed a mutation in the CUL7 gene. They had a normal response to GH stimulation test. Adequate rise was noted in insulin-like growth factor-I(IGF-I) and IGF binding protein-3(IGFBP-3) levels with IGF-1 generation test. GH Metin veya web sitesi adresi yazin ya da bir dokümani çevirin. treatment was started at 11 years-old (Patient-2). Pubertal stage of patient-2 is Tanner I at thirteen years of age. Family-2/Patients-3,4: Two sisters [Elder one (patient-3) at 0.75 years-old, younger one (patient-4) at 2.5 years old] were referred for marked short stature. They had intrauterine growth retardation. Their parents were third degree-cousin. Physical examination revealed a severe short stature (HeightSDS:-6.0/-5.3) and dysmorphic features. Their motor and mental development were normal. Endocrine work-up was normal. Genetic testing confirmed a mutation in the OBSL1 gene. They had a normal response to GH stimulation and IGF generation test. GH treatment was started at 4.8 years-old (Patient-3) Conclusion: syndrome should always be considered in the differential diagnosis of short patients with intrauterine growth retardation. Children are often treated by GH but there is no obvious demonstration of its efficiency. 3M syndrome might cause delayed puberty in boys. ER  - 
Matsuda index in correlation with clinical indicators of insulin resistance in children and adolescents; Background: Obesity-related insulin resistance is present in obese children and Matsuda index is a method proposed to evaluate insulin resistance, using data obtained from the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). Objective and hypotheses: To investigate whether the clinical indicators of family history of obesity and/or Type II diabetes, acanthosis nigricans, and increased waist circumference are associated with insulin resistance, as calculated by the Matsuda index and if they could be used as selection markers for patients to undergo OGTT. Moreover, the correlation of insulin resistance with the coexistence of metabolic syndrome. Methods: Data from 95 overweight and obese children (47 boys and 48 girls) with mean age 10.7 ± 2.2 years were analyzed. Student's t-tests were used for the comparison of means and Pearson correlation coefficients were used to explore the association of two continuous variables. Results: Insulin resistance was found in 39.1% of the children. The mean MATSUDA index was 3.4 (S.D. = 1.9). The mean AUC for glucose was 14211.3 (S.D. = 2016.5) and for insulin 13484.2 (S.D. = 11985.3). Matsuda index was significantly lower in cases with acanthosis nigricans (P = 0.007), in those with metabolic syndrome and in puberty. Additionally, Matsuda index was significantly correlated with waist circumference (r= - 0.40, P=0.006). The proportion of those with insulin resistance was similar in boys and girls and greater in puberty. AUC for insulin was significantly greater in cases with acanthosis nigricans (P=0.007) or metabolic syndrome (P=0.006). Waist circumference was also predictive for AUC for insulin (r=0.30, P=0.044). Conclusion: Family history of obesity and diabetes, acanthosis nigricans and increased waist circumference are associated with insulin resistance and can be used as clinical markers to indicate that a patient should undergo OGTT. In addition, increased insulin sensitivity is associated with better metabolic profile as reflected by lower levels of triglycerides, LDL and higher HDL. ER  - 
25-hydroxyvitamin D concentrations in pubertal children with obesity; Background: The prevalence of childhood obesity has been rapidly increasing worldwide and the last report of World Health Organisation define it as epidemic and one of the most serious global public health challenges for the 21st century. Obese children and adolescents are at an increased risk of developing various health problems including type 2 diabetes mellitus, hypertension, osteoarthritis, cardiovascular disease. Obesity is a risk factor for Vitamin D deficiency. Vitamin D deficiency is associated with variability in the insulin resistance (IR) and the peripheral insulin sensitivity. Objective and hypotheses: The aim of the study was to assess the relation between obesity, IR and Vitamin D status in obese pubertal children. Method: We studied 30 children (17 male and 13 female, aged 10-17 years) with body mass index above the 97th centile and no other co-morbidities. We used serum 25-HydroxyVitamin D (25(OH)D) as known to be the better marker of Vitamin D status. The insulin resistance we measured with the homeostatic model assessment (HOMA) as a method for assessing β-cell function and IR from basal (fasting) glucose and insulin concentrations. Results: The results showed Vitamin D insufficiency in all patients. Twelve children (8 male and 4 female) had mild (50-80 nmol/1) and 18 children (9 male and 9 female) had moderate Vitamin D insufficiency. There were no Vitamin D deficient patients. Increased insulin resistance as HOMA-IR>2.5 we found in 18 patients. Conclusion: In the analysed cohort we found lower level of the serum 25(OH)D as confirmed in many studies. Our results did not confirm insulin resistance in all patients but in the majority the high levels of HOMA-IR correlated with low levels of 25(OH)D as per the moderate Vitamin D insufficiency. Prospective studies on a large group of individuals need to be done to confirm the findings. ER  - 
Comparison between CDC (Centers for Disease Control and Prevention) and Italian Growth Charts in the Characterization of Pediatric Obesity; Background: The use of international or local growth charts for the definition of pediatric obesity is still debated. Inappropriate reference standards may lead to under/over-estimation of the prevalence and consequently of the number of patients to be included in diagnostic work-up. Objective and hypotheses: To define the differences between patients considered obese according to either CDC or Italian growth charts. Method: A single-centre cohort of 177 children was studied: all children (mean age 12.85 ± 1.94 years) underwent clinical and anthropometric assessment by the same pediatric endocrinologist. BMI SDS were calculated by both CDC and local growth standards. Obese (>95th percentile) and overweight (>85th percentile) patients, according to local BMI SDS, underwent oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), blood tests for metabolic and endocrine evaluation, and DEXA scan to define body composition. Results: According to the CDC growth charts, 84 out of 117 patients (71.8%) were considered obese (BMI >2 SDS); this percentage decreased to 62.4% (73/117 patients) when national BMI SDS were used. No significant differences in the distribution of patients according to sex (males: 58.3% in CDC growth charts vs 52.1% in local growth charts) and puberty (prepubertal: 20.2% vs 16.4%) were found. The comparison between patients considered obese only for CDC growth charts and patients considered obese for both growth charts showed that the first were younger (P< 0.001) and had lower abdominal (P<0.001), waist (P<0.001) and wrist circumference (P = 0.002), abdominal circumference/height ratio (P< 0.001) and triglyceride concentrations {P = 0.032), higher HDL cholesterol {P=0.028) and lower percentage of fat mass (P=0.001). Conclusion: Local growth charts showed lower BMI SDS than CDC growth charts. The use of CDC growth charts could result in an earlier identification of patients with anthropometric and radiological characteristic of obesity, before biochemical alterations can be detected. ER  - 
Factors affecting dyslipidaemia in children and young people with type 1 diabetes mellitus: A multicentre study; Background: Diabetic dyslipidaemia is characterized by high triglycerides (TG), low HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) and the presence of small, dense LDL. The UK National Paediatric Diabetes Audit (NPDA) 2013/14 reported that 16.1% of children and young people (CYP) with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) have a total cholesterol (TC) of > 5 mmol/1. TG, LDL and TC-HDL-C were not reported in the NPDA. The significantly high prevalence of hypercholesterolemia in CYP with T1DM is concerning. Objective and hypotheses: To evaluate the factors associated with dyslipidaemia in CYP with T1DM. Method: We examined TC, LDL, TG, TC/HDL-C ratio, BMI SDS, mean HbA1c over 12 months (mmol/mol), duration of diagnosis, pubertal status and total daily insulin requirement (TDI) in units/kg/day of CYP with T1DM between 2014 and 2015 in four paediatric diabetes centres within the Northwest of England. Results: There were 371 CYP (201 males); 250 were on multiple daily insulin regimen, 102 on continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion (CSII) and 19 on twice-daily insulin regimen. Mean of variables ± S.D. was - Age at diagnosis: 7.55 ± 3.9 years; BMI SDS 0.62 ± 1.02; TDI 0.91 ± 0.36; HbA1c 68 ± 17; TC 4.4 ± 0.84 mmol/1; TC/HDL-C ratio 2.94 ± 0.86; LDL 2.18 ± 0.77 mmol/1; TG 1.11 ± 0.73 mmol/1.93 CYP were prepubertal, 170 pubertal and 107 post-pubertal. There was significant positive correlation between TC and HbA1c (r = 0.3, P = 0.002) and between TC/HDL-C ratio and HbA1c (P<0.001). Total daily insulin (P< 0.001) and duration of diagnosis (P = 0.02) were significantly associated with higher TC/HDL-C ratio. Multivariable regression analyses of factors affecting TC, LDL, TG, TC/HDL-C ratio (BMI SDS, pubertal status, HbA1c, duration of diagnosis and TDI) showed that HbA1c was an independent factor affecting TC (P<0.001), TG (P = 0.01), LDL (P=0.04) and TC/HDL-C ratio (P<0.001). TDI was also an independent factor affecting LDL (P = 0.02) and TC/HDL-C ratio (P=0.005), and BMI SDS was an independent factor affecting TC/HDL-C ratio (P = 0.008). Conclusion: There was a significant relationship between poor glycaemic control and higher TC levels and TGHDL-C ratio. HbA1c was an independent factor affecting TC, TC:HDL-C, LDL and TG. Poor glycaemic control increases the risk of diabetes dyslipidaemia in CYP with T1DM. ER  - 
Clinical analysis of 24 cases of Rathke's cleft cysts in children; Background: Rathke's cleft cysts (RCC) are benign, epithelial lined cystic remnants of the craniopharyngeal duct, and are a common radiological differential for lesions involving the sellar and sellar/suprasellar region. RCC are not very common in children. Objective and hypotheses: To investigate the clinical characteristics of RCC in children. Method: A retrospective analysis was conducted in 24 patients with RCCs diagnosed between July 2010 and August 2015. Their clinical, hormonal, and imaging findings were reviewed. Results: 24 patients with radiologically proven RCCs were lack of headaches, visual disturbances, adrenal dysfunction or hyperprolactinemia. 15 patients (62.5%) got growth retardation, and 7 of them (29.2%) were diagnosed idiopathic short stature, 8 of them (37.5%) were diagnosed growth hormone deficiency (GHD). In all GHD cases, 1 case had both GHD and central diabetes insipidus; 1 case had both GHD and central hypothyroidism. 6 cases had breast development before 8 years old and 3 of them (12.5%) were diagnosed central precocious puberty, Other 3 cases (12.5%) were diagnosed un-completely precocious puberty. 3 cases (12.5%) were obesity. Till February 2016, none of these 24 cases had headache or visual disturbance. All 24 cases were re-examined pituitary magnetic resonance and three of them were self-healing. 2 cases got undertook transsphenoidal pituitary cyst excision and 3 years follow-up, theirs Rathke cysts were not recurrenced. Conclusion: RCCs in the pediatric population are known to be an infrequent cause of headaches and visual disturbances, but pituitary dysfunction are most common. Most of Rathke's cleft cysts pediatric patients don't need surgery, a few patients can heal itself. ER  - 
The intra- and inter-user reliability of testicular volume estimation - A simulation study; Background: Measuring testicular volume (TV) by orchidometer is a standard method of pubertal staging in boys. A paucity of evidence exists as to its inter and intra-user reliability and the impact of clinicians' gender, training and experience on the accuracy of measurements. Objective and hypotheses: We engineered prosthetic models of different size testes to investigate the reliability of TV estimation. Method: The study was conducted over the three-day British Society Paediatric Endocrinology and Diabetes (BSPED) meeting, November 2015. Three child-sized mannequins displayed latex scrotum containing prosthetic testicles of 3,4, 5,10 and 20 ml. Demographic data, paediatric endocrinology experience, TV examination training, information on examination technique and TV estimations were collected anonymously. Delegates were asked to repeat their measurements later during the meeting. Scrotum order was changed daily to minimise recall bias. Results: 208 delegates participated (158F, 50M): 50% consultants, 30% trainees, 9% clinical nurse specialists, 11% other. Ninety delegates performed repeat measurements. 25.5% had received formal training in TV estimation. There was variability in examination technique, the majority preferring the patient recumbent and using both look and feel for estimation. Delegates measured TV accurately on 30% of occasions. Overestimations were made on 30% of measurements and underestimation on 40%. Males and females were similarly inaccurate, males estimating correctly on 31.4% of occasions and females on 29.7%. Experience improved accuracy with consultants scoring accurately 31.7%, paediatric trainees 28.4%, nurse specialists 27.2% and newly qualified doctors 11.1% of the time. Inaccuracies were highest at the smallest volumes: 57% overestimating 3 ml testis, compared with 17% for the 20 ml testis. This is clinically pertinent considering the different management decisions made at smaller volumes. Conclusion: Overall TV estimation accuracy was poor. There was considerable variation between subjects and at lower volumes. Seniority improves measurement estimation. Delegate feedback supported more training and developing these models for teaching simulation. ER  - 
Cardiometabolic effect of sugar-sweetened beverages reduction in obese children; Background: The excessive consumption of sucrose, primarily used in sweetened beverages, has been considered an important inducer of cardiometabolic diseases. Besides the association between metabolic syndrome and fructose found in animal models, literature is lacking prospective studies in humans, especially in paediatric ages. Objective and hypotheses: We assessed the effect of sugar-sweetened beverages reduction on markers of metabolic syndrome in obese children. Method: This was a prospective analysis of the first 200 pre-pubertal patients admitted to our hospital-based obesity clinic, during 2015 (mean BMI z-score 3.41 ± 0.54). To access dietary intake, children were asked to make a three 24 h-recall weekly. Sugar-added beverages were quantified as number of servings, and sucrose intake was calculated. During the first 4 weeks, patients had their usual diet. For the next 24 weeks, they were asked to restrict sugar-added beverages to one serving a week, keeping everything else as previously. Results: At baseline, mean daily sucrose intake was 219 ± 62 g, of which 144 ± 14 g (about 66%) from sugar-sweetened beverages; mean systolic and diastolic BP z-scores were 1.8 ± 0.6 and 1.7 ± 0.4 respectively; median HOMA-IR was 3.57 (1.34-6.43); mean uric acid was 4.1 ± 1.9 mg/dl; median triglycerides was 132 (72-201) mg/dl. After adjustment for potential confounders, the reduction of beverages to one serving a week was associated to a decrease of: 0.5 (95% CI, 0.3-0.7) and 0.4 (95% CI, 0.2-0.6) in systolic and diastolic BP z-scores correspondingly; 1.7 mg/dl (95% CI, 1.0-2.2) in uric acid; 44 mg/dl (95% CI, 21-55) in triglycerides; 19 mg/dl in apolipoprotein B (95% CI, 13-25); 41.9 μUI/ml (95% CI, 27.3-56.5) in insulin at 30′ of OGTT; 2.2 ng/ml (95% CI, 1.3-3.1) in leptin. No association was found for HOMA-IR. Conclusion: Our results provide additional evidence supporting a positive relationship between sugar-sweetened beverages reduction and the improvement of important markers of metabolic syndrome. Therefore, controlling its consumption by children is an efficient and urgent measure of public health worldwide. ER  - 
To study the efficacy and safety of growth hormone (GH) therapy in children with pycnodysostosis; Background: Pycnodysostosis is a rare recessive condition with mutation in the cathepsin K gene, causing reduction in bone reabsorption resulting in abnormally dense and fragile bones. Characteristic features include deformity of the skull, maxilla causing craniofacial, dental abnormalities with skeletal changes and short stature. Growth hormone therapy has been attempted in a small group of patients with Pycnodysostosis to promote final adult height, however has not been shown to be efficacious. Objective: To evaluate the efficacy of GH therapy for short stature in Pycnodysostosis. Methods: A retrospective analysis of growth data from paediatric outpatient clinic on n = 3 children, (two siblings female (A and B aged 16 and 14 year); and one male (C) 15 year). Both siblings received GH (∼ 3 mg/m2 per day) privately from an external center abroad (Europe), for approximately 4 year period along with puberty blocker injections for ∼ 1 to 2 years. Subject (C) received growth hormone (0.4 mg/m2 per day) trial for 4 months at an endocrine center within UK. All patients tested negative for growth hormone deficiency prior to starting GH therapy. Serial anthropometric data pretreatment was compared with that during GH therapy. Results: The pre-treatment height centile for n = 3, was < 1st percentile. Height SDS mean (± S.D.), in (A) pretreatment and end of therapy (-2.23 ± 0.2) and (-2.24 ± 0.4); (B) (-2.9 ± 0.2) and (-3.28±0.3) at 4 years; (C) (-3.8 ± 0.2) and (-3.28±0) at 4 months. The height velocity changed from 5.4 (± 0.4) to 5.2 (± 1.5); 5.5 (± 1.5) to 5.9 (± 1.4) cm/year after 4 year treatment in (A) and (B); 5.4 (± 2.2) to 5 cm/year after 4 months of treatment in C. IGF1 during GH treatment showed stark rise above normal range. Moreover, BMI z-score worsened on treatment in (A) +1.67 to +1.93 and (B)+2.8 to 3.19 respectively. Symptoms of sleep apnea and insulin resistance worsened on GH therapy, no signs of raised intracranial pressure were noted. Conclusion: GH therapy failed to show any improvement in growth velocity or height SDS. Increased insulin resistance, weight gain, exponential rise in serum IGF1 level was seen in 2/3 patients raising concerns about its safety. In contrast to previous report this case series shows no beneficial effect from growth hormone therapy. High IGF1 levels are associated with a greater risk for prostate and breast cancer therefore challenging the potential benefit of GH therapy for treatment of short children with skeletal dysmorphology. ER  - 
A novel homozygous mutation in the domain AF-2 of alpha estrogen Receptor Gene (ESR1), generating a bio-inactive ERa mutant, resulting in estrogen resistance with complex metabolic phenotype; Context: The mouse ERα-/- knock-out model and rare human ESRl gene mutations identified to date have demonstrated crucial role of ERa in control of energy homeostasis and glucose metabolism. Subjects with ERa deficiency show features of estrogen resistance (ESTRR) with continuous linear growth in adulthood. Patient: We describe a 20-year-old female, with unknown family history, who presented with primary amenorrhea and lack of breast development (Tanner stage: B1-P4-A4). Pelvic MRI revealed a rudimentary uterus and polycystic ovaries. The patient presented with tall stature (180 cm), continuous linear growth and bone age of 12 years. Her BMI was 28 kg/m2 and she had increased abdominal adiposity assessed by DXA (trunk/limb fat ratio 1.3). Endocrine evaluations indicated ESTRR, with elevated LH (40 UI/l), FSH (44 UI/l), E2 (1670 pmol/l, reference values: 220-400), and hyperandrogenism (testosterone 7.7 nmol/l, delta-4-androstenedion 12.5 nmoL/l). Metabolic explorations revealed insulin resistance (HOMA-IR 11,8), elevated leptin (75 ng/ml), contrasting with normal adiponectin (3.1 μg/ml) and normal lipid profile. Hepatic triglyceride content measured by MR spectroscopy was of 7%. Results: The patient's phenotype was consistent with ERa deficiency. Sequencing of the ESRl gene revealed a novel homozygous T to C transition in exon 10, which resulted in a p.Met543Thr missense mutation. Met543, a highly conserved residue, is within the ligand binding domain (AF-2, helix H12). Preliminary reconstitution studies indicate a significant decrease in transcriptional activity of the mutant protein after treatment with estradiol. Conclusion: A novel missense ESRl mutation, p.Met543Thr has been identified in a patient who presented with a complex phenotype consistent with ERa deficiency. Only two ESRl mutations were reported in the literature to date. This new mutation resulted in a bio-inactive ERa variant. The phenotype of our patient, together with previously described cases, confirms the crucial role of ERa in pubertal growth as well as metabolic phenotype. ER  - 
The metabolic negative effect of gonadotropin-releasing hormone agonist therapy in childhood: Is it short-term and reversible?; Background: Data on metabolic effects of gonadotropin-releasing hormone agonist (GnRHa) therapy are still controversial. Objective and hypotheses: To longitudinally evaluate the effect of GnRHa therapy on BMI, glycaemic metabolism and lipid profile in children affected by idiopathic central precocious puberty (CPP). Method: This longitudinal retrospective study included data from 42 children (7.70±0.80 years, 2 males) affected by CPP and treated with GnRHa followed from January 1996 to December 2007 in a tertiary center of paediatric endocrinology. Medical history together with anthropometric (BMI-SDS) and biochemical data (fasting glycaemia (mg/dl) and insulin (uIU/ml), Homeostatic model assessment (HOMA) index, total cholesterol (TC), LDL-cholesterol (LDL-C), HDL-cholesterol (HDL-C), triglycerides (TG) (mg/dl), LDL-C/HDL-C and TC/HDL-C ratios) were collected before starting GnRHa therapy (TO), during the treatment (T1) and after GnRHa discontinuation (T2). Results: At TO, 23 and 16.7% of patients were found overweight and obese, respectively. On GnRHa, BMI-SDS further increased (0.76 ± 0.85 vs 0.98 ± 0.92, P 0.03). At T2 (7.54±1.59 years after TO), even if the 29 and 14% of population was still overweight and obese, respectively, BMI-SDS (0.73 ± 1.21) decreased from T1 (P 0.01). Similarly, insulin-sensibility and lipid profile got worse during GnRHa treatment (TO vs Tl: HOMA index 1.02 ± 0.74 vs 1.87 ± 1.17, P 0.03; LDL-C/HDL-C ratio 1.44 ± 0.38 vs 1.68±0.50, P 0.04) although the same deterioration did not persist at T2 (T2: HOMA index 1.41±0.82, LDL-C/HDL-C ratio 1.41±0.41). Conclusion: It is known that early sexual maturation contributes to an adverse metabolic programming. Our results support a direct and negative effect of GnRHa per se on BMI, glycaemic metabolism and lipid profile in children affected by CPP. Nevertheless, these consequences appear to be short-term and reversible. ER  - 
A comprehensive and multidisciplinary management plan is extremely effective at reducing the prevalence of overweight and obesity in childhood and adolescence; Background: Obesity in childhood and adolescence represents a major health problem of our century, and accounts for a significant increase in morbidity and mortality in adulthood. In Greece, more than 30-35% of children and adolescents are overweight or obese. Objective and hypotheses: To investigate the effectiveness of a comprehensive and personalized multidisciplinary management plan in reducing the prevalence of overweight and obesity in childhood and adolescence. Methods: One thousand two hundred and seventy children and adolescents (mean age ± s.E.M.: 10.06 ± 3.29 years; 573 males, 697 females; 608 prepubertal, 508 pubertal) were studied prospectively for one year. According to their BMI, subjects were classified as obese, overweight or of normal BMI. All subjects were evaluated by a multi-disciplinary team at frequent intervals, and received personalized advice on diet and exercise. Psychologic assessment and management was included when required. Endocrinologic and biochemical investigations were performed at the beginning and at the end of the study. The study was approved by the Committee on the Ethics of Human Research, and written informed consent was obtained by all parents. Results: At initial evaluation, 60.2% of subjects were obese, 28.4% overweight and 11.4% of normal BMI. A higher number of boys were obese compared with girls (68.5% vs. 53.3%, P<0.001), while a higher number of girls were overweight (30.7% vs. 25.6%, P< 0.001). The onset of weight gain had been observed beyond the age of 5 years and was progressive throughout childhood and adolescence. Following one year of the multi-disciplinary management interventions, the prevalence of obesity was decreased by 30%, the prevalence of overweight was decreased by 35%, normal BMI increased by 8%, and the cardiometabolic indices improved substantially. Conclusions: A personalized multi-disciplinary management plan is extremely effective at reducing the prevalence of obesity in childhood and adolescence. ER  - 
Evaluation of the epidemiological, presenting and follow-up characteristics and their impacts on the glycemic control in a large cohort of pediatric type 1 diabetes mellitus patients from southeastern anatolian region of Turkey; Background: Type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) is one of the most common chronic disease in childhood. Evaluation of the factors that have impact on the glycemic control and develope-ment of complications would help to develop preventive strategies for management of this group of patients. Objective and hypotheses: To evaluate epidemiological, presenting and follow up characteristics and their relationship with glycemic control in pediatric T1DM patients from Southeastern Anatolian Region of Turkey. Method: Hospital records of pediatric T1DM patients being followed at Diyarbakir Children's State Hospital and Diyarbakir Gazi Yasargil Training and Research Hospital were retrospectively reviewed. Results: Number of patients recruited was 538 (292 female, 246 male). Mean age of diagnosis was 8.2 ± 4.3 years. The frequency of presentation with diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA) was 51.9% with no gender discrepancy (Presentation with DKA:54.1% vs 49.1%, P = 0.303), while patients with diabetes history at their families had lower rate of DKA at presentation (The rate of DKA: 47.3% vs 58.7%, P = 0.040). Mean HbA1c level of female (9.6 ± 2.2) and male (9.2 ± 2.2) subjects at last follow-up visit was not different (P = 0.079). While, HbA1c levels in prepubertal patients was significantly lower than those of pubertal group (Mean HbA1c: 8.9 ± 1.6vs.9.7 ± 2.2, P = 0.000). Glycemic control for patients who were living at rural or urban area were also not statistically different (Mean HbA1c: 9.5 ± 2.4 vs 9.4 ± 2.2, P = 0.616). Maternal and paternal education status was not found related to glycemic control (P value: 0.267 and 0.087). Celiac disease was associated to T1DM in 40 out of 375 (10.7%) and Hashimoto's thyroiditis in 30 out of 463 (6.5%) patients. Diabetic nephropaty was the most common chronic complication detected in 24 out of 212 (11.3%). Rate of diabetic nephropaty for prepubertal and pubertal subjects was not different (P=0.169). Conclusion: In our cohort about half of patients was presented with DKA which was lower in cases with history of diabetes at their families. Puberty was related to poor glycemic control, while rate of complications did not differed with regard of pubertal status. ER  - 
Premature adrenarche and metabolic risk: Differences by gender; Background: Premature adrenarche (PA) has been considered a benign condition. Recently, associations with an increased metabolic risk have arisen. This risk may depend on ethnic background and infancy weight gain, which could be different by gender. Objective and hypotheses: To determine whether PA in children at pubertal onset (TII) determines a higher metabolic profile. Methods: 1190 children (49.9% female) from the longitudinal cohort (Growth and Obesity Cohort Study) were followed from 2006 and undergone every 6 months a clinical evaluation and a complete metabolic profile. PA was defined by DHEAS (RIA, μg/d1) >75th percentile for each gender (girls > (Table Presented) 42.0 and boys >45.1 at age 6.8 + 0.6 year). TII was defined by telarche in girls and testicular volume ≥3 cc in boys. Statistics: Generalized linear models and survival analysis were used to assess the relation between PA and anthropometric and metabolic profile at TII, adjusting by chronologic age at DHEAS sampling and BMI. Results: At TII, children who developed PA (PA +) were taller and had higher BMI vs without PA (PA-). Boys PA+ had higher leptin levels (Table 1). In girls, higher DHEAS levels were associated with higher IGF-I levels (P<0.05). No differences were observed in insulin, glycemia, adiponectin, lipid profile, usCRP and visfatin. Conclusions: Children with PA were taller and had higher BMI; boys had higher leptin levels and girls higher IGF-I, but not to a disadvantageous metabolic profile at TIL Follow-up of this cohort is necessary to address prospectively the interrelationships of PA, early growth and adiposity as markers of metabolic risk (Fondecyt 1140447 & 1120326, WCRF:2010/245). ER  - 
Screening for autonomic neuropathy in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus; Background: Diabetic neuropathy is among the least recognized complications of diabetes, despite its significant negative impact on survival and quality of life. Characteristic neuronal alterations may occur subclinically early in the course of the disease, even in childhood. The prevalence of subclinical neuropathy in paediatric population ranges from 7.9 - 19% in different studies. Objective and hypotheses: Our objective was to study the prevalence of subclinical autonomic and peripheral neuropathy in T1DM children and adolescents and its correlations with associated factors. Method: We evaluated 97 T1DM children and adolescents (mean ± s.D. age 12.9 ± 2.8 years, T1DM duration: 5.14± 3.5 years) and 80 controls (mean ± s.D. age 11.9± 2.7 years). We examined pupillary dilatation (PD) in darkness, an index of autonomic neuropathy, using a Polaroid pupillometer and vibration sensation threshold (VST), an index of peripheral neuropathy, using a Biothesiometer. Abnormal cut-off values (> 95% or < 5%) were calculated from control values distribution. PD and VST were compared between patients and controls and were analyzed according to confounding factors. Results: PD impairment was more frequent in the T1DM group, compared to controls (31.6% vs 3.3%, P<0.001). Moreover, in the T1DM group impaired VST were more frequent than in the controls in the lower (left: 23.3% vs 6.7%, P< 0.001, right: 28.3% vs 4%, P< 0.001) and upper limbs (left: 17.1% vs 2.67%, P<0.001, right: 23.2% vs 2.6%, P<0.001), respectively. PD was associated with age (r=0.16, P = 0.038), HbA1c: (r=0.23, P=0.048) and diabetes duration (r=0.20, P = 0.022). Moreover in the whole group, older age (P< 0.001) and puberty were associated with greater proportion of abnormal VSTs in the lower limbs in pubertal vs prepubertal children (left: 17.7% vs 2.8%, P = 0.001, right: 19.4% vs 0.0%, P<0.001). Conclusion: Impaired indices of peripheral and autonomic neuropathy are present in a significant proportion of T1DM children and adolescents, although asymptomatic. Indices of diabetic neuropathy are associated with age, diabetes duration, puberty and the quality of glycaemic control. ER  - 
Growth and pubertal patterns in young survivors of childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia; Background: Childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) survivors are at increased risk for endocrine late effects. Objective and hypotheses: To evaluate growth and pubertal patterns in patients diagnosed with childhood ALL and to identify risk factors for impaired growth and puberty. Method: Retrospective chart review with longitudinal assessment of anthropometric measurements and pubertal status of 183 childhood ALL survivors diagnosed between 1985 and 2011 (154 chemotherapy-treated and 29 chemotherapy ± cranial radiation-treated; mean age at therapy 6.26 ± 3.8 years and 6.5 ± 4.34 years, respectively). Included in the study were patients aged 8-30 years at data collection, disease-free > one year, who remained in first remission, with ≥;3 years follow-up. Results: Median age at last endocrine visit was 16.1 years (range 8.2-27.6 years); median duration of follow-up was 8.7 years (range 3-21.4 years). Mean age at pubertal onset was normal (girls: 10.3 ± 1.3 years; boys: 12.0 ± 1.3 years); precocious puberty was diagnosed in 8.7% of patients. Overweight and obesity were found in 22.9% and 9.3% of the cohort, respectively. Patients treated with chemotherapy ± cranial radiation as compared to chemotherapy-alone were shorter (mean height-SDS - 0.93 ± 0.92 vs. -0.21 ± 1.1, P = 0.001), had higher prevalence of adult short stature (13% vs. 2.2%) and had a higher rate of precocious puberty in girls (30% vs. 9.4%) with no difference in age at menarche. Predictors for occurrence of endocrine disorders included: female gender (OR 3.26, 95% CI 1.04-10.1), cranial irradiation treatment (OR 3.96, 95% CI 1.14-13.78) and younger age at diagnosis (OR 0.83, 95% CI 0.68-1.02). Predictors for obesity - a higher BMI-SDS at diagnosis (OR 1.46, 95% CI 1.18-1.81), and for short stature - lower height-SDS at diagnosis (OR 0.35, 95% CI 0.13-0.94). Conclusion: Although most patients treated with chemotherapy-alone attained normal adult height & puberty, those treated with adjuvant cranial irradiation are at increased risk for short stature and precocious puberty (in girls). Childhood ALL survivors are also at an increased risk for overweight, especially those with increased BMI at diagnosis. Therefore, clinicians need increased awareness & screen for overweight & its associated health conditions early in survivorship. Interventions as changes in lifestyle habits are required to address weight control early during treatment. ER  - 
Evaluation of autoimmune thyroiditis development on onset and during follow up in cases with type 1 diabetes mellitus; Background: Type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) is the most common endocrine disease in children and adolescents. Objective and hypotheses: It was aimed to evaluate the frequency of autoimmune thyroiditis (AT) and the possible risk factors for AT at diagnosis and at follow up of T1DM patients. Method: T1DM patients who were admitted to Trakya University Medical Faculty Pediatric Department, Pediatric Endocrinology Outpatient Clinic between January 2006 and September 2013 were evaluated. Results: The mean age of 134 (63 M, 71 F) cases was 11.3 ± 4.6 years, mean diagnosis age of diabetes was 8.1 ± 3.9 years and mean diabetes duration was 3.1 ± 2.4 years. Most of the cases were diagnosed at spring and winter, and most common administration reason was diabetic ketoacidosis (52.7%). At the diagnosis of T1DM, mean HbA1c was %12.3 ± 2.7 and mean C-peptide was 0.43 ± 0.39 ng/ml. Glutamic acid decarboxylase, anti-insulin and islet cell antibodies were positive in 47.4%, 1.7% and 0.9% of the cases, respectively. AT was found in 19 (5 M, 14 F) out of 134 cases (%14.2). The mean age of these cases was 13.9 ± 3,6 years and diabetes duration was 4.2 ± 2.9 years. At the diagnosis of AT 68,4% of cases were between ages 10 and 15 years and 78.9% were pubertal. All cases were euthyroid at diagnosis but six of them then developed subclinical hypothyroidism. Sex, age, puberty, anthropometric measures, clinical and laboratory findings at the time of diagnosis of T1DM were similar in AT positive and negative cases. The mean age was higher and number of pubertal cases was more in T1DM cases with AT. Conclusion: In conclusion, AT incidence is high in T1DM cases, especially at puberty. At the time of diagnosis, cases with AT are mostly euthyroid but because thyroid dysfunction may be seen in the feature, close follow up is crucial. Therefore, T1DM cases should be assessed for thyroid autoantibodies and thyroid hormones annually. ER  - 
Subfertility after chemotherapy in PNET tumours: 34 year experience from a single centre (1980-2013); Background: PanEuropean(SIOP) trials of treatment for childhood brain cancers (medulloblastomas/PNET) showed a 5% survival advantage with 'sandwich' gonadotoxic chemotherapy (CT) over surgical excision, neuraxial radiation and tumour boost (RT) alone' But this was tempered by a reduced quality of survival at 7 years. Objective: To assess the long term prevalence of subfertility after CT with/without neuraxial radiation. Methods: Retrospective longitudinal case note review of all patients diagnosed with intracranial PNETs between 1.1.1980 and 31.12.2013 and follow-up >lyear. Data on treatment, relapse, gonadotrophin levels, puberty and (in girls) estrogen/HRT replacement were collected from diagnosis. Time to, and cross-sectional rates of, subfertility (FSH > 15 IU/l and/or HRT use) at last follow-up were compared between patients groups with (A) and without (B) CT. Results: 158/284 with available fertility data were 6.5 ± 2.7 (2.6-9.9) years at diagnosis and 16.3 (2.3-29.7) years after 9.5 ± 4.6 (1.3-22.1) years follow-up; 64(40%) were female and 22(20%) were infants (12 female). At last assessment, 95(60%) had CT (88(56%) of whom additional RT) and 62(40%) had RT alone (2 with CT only are not further discussed). 36/158(23%), being girls 25(69%)(P<0.0001), had evidence of subfertility at 12.1 ±4.7(1.72-16.54) years, whilst a further 26/158 (16.5%) were still under 10y at last visit. Patients given CT had greater subfertility rates than those with radiation alone (30/95-31.6% vs 6/62-9.7%, P=0.001) and those on infant protocols (5.21 ±4.41 y vs 13.41 ±3.70y, P<0.0001 demonstrated this earlier. None had gonadotropin deficiency. Conclusion: CT in the intracranial PNET treatment protocol significantly increased the prevalence of subfertility in children, which is especially evident in females and in infant protocols. This is likely to increase with time. By contrast, gonadotropin deficiency is not a radiation consequence despite even at a long 9.5 y follow-up. Pretreatment fertility preservation should be considered in adolescent boys, families should be warned of likely subfertility and need for routine endocrine referral for pubertal assessment. ER  - 
A novel CHD7 mutation in an adolescent presenting with pubertal and growth delay; Background: Mutations in the gene encoding the Chromodomain Helicase DNA-binding protein 7 (CHD7) are found in 60% of patients with CHARGE Syndrome (Coloboma, Heart Defects, Choanal Atresia, Retarded growth and development, Genital hypoplasia, Ear abnormalities and/or hearing problems) and in 6% of patients with Kallmann syndrome. Objectives and hypotheses: To describe a novel CHD7 mutation and its clinical presentation. Methods: Case report with clinical evaluation, endocrine investigations, neuroimaging and genetic analysis were performed. Results: 13.5 year-old male was addressed for investigation of pubertal and growth delay. Family history was marked by delayed puberty in both parents. The patient was born full term; eutrophic after an uneventful pregnancy. He was operated at 5 days of life for bilateral choanal atresia. Development was normal. Height and weight were-2.04 SDS and -1.74 SDS respectively. He exhibited a Tanner A1P2G1 stage with micropenis (4×1 cm). Gonadotrophines were low (LH:0.2U/L, FSH:0.9U/L); At age 14, LHRH test suggested hypogonadotrophic hypogonadism. Sniffing test revealed complete anosmia. MRI demonstrated semi-circular canal and olfactory bulb hypoplasia, vestibular, cochlear and right VII cranial nerve malformation, and a decreased hypophyseal volume (160 mm3). According to the Verloes' 2005 Criteria, the patient was diagnosed with partial CHARGE syndrome. We identified a de novo heterozygous CHD7 mutation (c.4234T>G, pTyr1412Asp) located in the Helicase C domain. This is a private variant, absent in ExAC database and predicted to be deleterious by 10/10 prediction algorithms. Discussion and conclusion: CHARGE syndrome remained undiagnosed in this patient until adolescence despite the presence of suggestive features. Genetic testing promotes the broadening of phenotypic and genotypic spectrum of CHARGE syndrome and may give insight to the mild end of phenotypic spectrum, ensuring optimal follow up and appropriate genetic counselling. ER  - 
Determinants of advanced bone age in childhood obesity; Background: Childhood obesity is associated with advanced bone age (BA), leading to an altered growth pattern. Previous results of studies suggest that androgens, estrogens, sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG) and insulin are responsible for this phenomenon, but results are contradictory and might be biased by confounders. Objective and hypotheses: To investigate the independent effects of estrogens, androgens, SHBG and insulin parameters on BA advancement in children and adolescents with obesity. Method: We performed a correlation analysis of BA standard deviation score (SDS) with androgens, oestrogens and indicators of insulin secretion derived from oral glucose tolerance testing, in a group of obese children and in subgroups according to sex and pubertal status. For oestradiol, testosterone, SHBG and dihydroepiandrosterone sulphate (DHEAS) we calculated age and sex specific SDS. A multivariate analysis was performed to investigate which parameters were independently predictive of BA SDS. Results: In this cohort (n = 101; 47% female; 56% pubertal; mean age 10.9 years; mean BA 11.8 years; mean BMI SDS 3.4 kg/m2), BMI SDS was significantly correlated to BA SDS (r=0.55, P<0.001). In a regression analysis in the total cohort (5 = 0.27, P<0.001), as well as in females (5 = 0.34, P = 0.042), males (5 = 0.31, P = 0.006) and pubertal children (5 = 0.32, P = 0.046), DHEAS showed a positive, independent association with BA SDS. In prepubertal children, SHBG showed an independent negative association with BA SDS (B= - 0.41, P = 0.013). No association with insulin, insulin resistance or insulin secretion was found. Conclusion: Increased DHEAS has a central role in advanced BA in obese children. ER  - 
Bone mineral density, pubertal status and ability to walk are associated to fracture incidence in patients with rett syndrome; Background: Rett (RTT) syndrome is a neurodevelopmental disorder related to mutations in the MECP2 gene that affects girls almost exclusively. In Rett syndrome patients have a high incidence of fractures that can occur at a young age. Objective and hypotheses: One of the objectives of this study was to identify clinical, radiographic and biological parameters associated to fracture incidence. Method: 89 RTT patients bearing a MECP2 mutation who had no past history of bisphosphonate treatment or orthopedic surgery to the spine were recruited prospectively. The following clinical, radiographic and biological parameters were evaluated: history of fractures and anti-epileptic drugs, ability to walk, BMI, pubertal status, Kerr severity score, daily calorie, calcium and Vitamin D intake, bone mineral density (BMD) at the spine and hip using DEXA, X-rays of the spine and urinary calcium excretion. Results: Mean age of patients was 11.8 ± 7.1 years. 19/89 (21%) of patients had a history of fracture(s). Ambulatory patients had a higher incidence of fractures (41%) compared to those unable to walk (14%) even though they had a higher BMD of -1.72 ± 0.18 Z score SDS at the spine and - 2.48 ± 0.23 Z score SDS at hip compared to - 3±0.23 and - 2.48 ± 0.23, respectively, in non-walking RTT patients. Even though pubertal patients had a higher BMD compared to non-pubertal patients, - 1.6 ± 0.33 vs - 2.27 ± 0.15 Z score SDS at the spine, the incidence of fractures was the highest (30%) in the pubertal ambulatory patients. BMD at the spine and the hip was significantly lower in patients who had fractures, respectively at - 2.78 ± 0.3 and - 3.21 ±0.36 SDS Z-score compared to patients with no history of fractures, respectively at - 1.76 ± 0.16 and - 2.24 ± 0.18 SDS Z-score. No difference was found for the other studied parameters between the fractured and non-fractured patients. BMD was significantly correlated to the disease severity Kerr score and BMI Z-score. Conclusion: Pubertal ambulatory RTT patients have the highest incidence of fractures. BMD, ambulatory status and pubertal development are related to fracture incidence in RTT patients. ER  - 
Symptomatic rathke cleft cyst in pediatric patients-clinical presentations, surgical treatment and postoperative outcomes - An analysis of 38 cases; Background: Rathke cleft cysts are benign, epithelium-lined intrasellar and/or suprasellar cysts believed to originate from remnants of the Rathke pouch. Although its prevalence in adults is rather high, Rathke cleft cysts are rare in children. Often they are asymptomatic findings, however depending on their size and localization they can present with a wide spectrum of symptoms. Objective and hypotheses: The aim of the study was to analyse the symptoms and surgical outcome of patients with the diagnosis of Ratke cleft cyst based on histopathological examination of postoperative material. Method: The study is a retrospective analysis of 38 cases of children who underwent a neurosurgical treatment due to Rathke cleft cyst in Children's Memorial Health Institute in Warsaw, Poland between 1994-2015. Results: Sex ratio was 1:0,9 (20 girls and 18 boys), two female patients were twins. At diagnosis patients were between 6 years 11 months and 17 years 10 months old with mean age of 13 years and 8 months. Average diameter of the cyst was 16,7 mm. In six cases calcifications in the lesions were observed either in brain imagining or intraoperatively. Most common symptoms were: headaches (50%), hypothyroidism (50%), short stature and/or decreased growth velocity (47%), delayed puberty and menstrual abnormalities (37%), diabetes insipidus or polydipsia and polyuria (26%), adrenal dysfunction (26%), sleepiness and general weakness (13%), visual disturbances (11%). 29 patients underwent a transsphenoidal operation and in 9 a craniotomy was performed. All but one were successful (one patient died due to postoperative neurosurgical complications). The most common postoperative complications were: diabetes insipidus, adenohypophysis, overweight and obesity. Conclusion: Although Rathke clefts cysts are considered to be benign, non-neoplastic lesions they can present with serious symptoms that deteriorate significantly patients' quality of life. In spite of successful neurosurgical treatment in most of the analysed cases patients required a long-term pharmacological treatment due to endocrinological complications. ER  - 
Implications of insulin resistance in obese and overweight children: A cohort analysis; Background: Rising trend of both type 2 diabetes and obesity observed in adult and pediatric Indian population. Imperative to evaluate insulin resistance among overweight and obese children. Objective and hypotheses: To examine insulin resistance and associated co-morbidities in overweight and obese children. Method: Hospital based Cross sectional study 50 overweight and obese 5-18 years (BMI >90th centile WHO Charts). Weight, height, waist circumference, BMI, clinical and biochemical evaluation of fasting plasma glucose (FPG) and insulin, 2 hour post glucose load plasma glucose (FPPG) and insulin and lipid profile measured. Homeostasis Model assessment index (HOMA-IR) calculated and uniform HOMA value > 3.5 defining Insulin Resistance (IR) taken as cutoff. In view of wide variability in cut offs of HOMA used, a Receiver Operating coefficient (ROC) curve in study population, predicting occurrence of metabolic abnormalities and value of 2.91 obtained. Results: Of 50, 22(44%) prepubertal, 28 (56%) pubertal mean age, BMI and WC were 10.76 ± 2.48 years, 24.18 ± 3.12 kg/m2 and 72.55 ± 9.12 cm. Fasting plasma glucose (FPG-82.7 ± 7.2 mg/dl), post prandial plasma glucose (PPPG112.3 ± 11.6 mg/dl), fasting insulin (15.95 ± 4.83 uU/ml), normal limits and mean HOMA 3.29 ± 1.19. Abdominal obesity, hypertension, dyslipidemia, insulin resistance, metabolic syndrome, fatty liver in 33(66%), 15(30%), 15(30%), 18(36%), 9(18%), 9(18%) respectively. Pubertal children had higher hypertension (39.3% vs 18.2% P = 0.03) and metabolic syndrome (28.6% vs 4.5% P = 0.03). 18/50 children of IR (HOMA > 3.5) had higherWC (76.02 ± 8.07 vs 70.6 ± 9.21 P = 0.04), FPG (86.6 ± 7.1 vs 80.6 ± 6.4 P = 0.00), PPPG (117.3 ± 13.4 vs 109.5 ± 9.6 P = 0.02), fastinginsulin (21.45 ± 2.32 vs 12.86 ± 2.57 P = 0.00), postprandialinsulin (25.69 ± 4.02 vs 17.30 ± 3.76), HOMA (4.58 ± 0.82 vs 2.56 ± 0.59 P = 0.00). Abdominal obesity, hypertension, dyslipidemia, metabolic syndrome, acanthosis nigricans, fatty liver found in 16(88.8%), 8(44.4%), 9(50%), 7(38.8%), 3(16.6%), 9(50%). HOMA values correlated with total cholesterol (r = 0.28), postprandial insulin (r=0.79), PPPG (r = 0.46). At HOMA 2.91, 30(60%) Insulin resistant vs 20 non insulin resistant weight, BMI and systolic blood pressure of the insulin resistant subjects were significantly higher and 21(70%) were pubertal (P = 0.02) with hypertension (12/30, 40%), dyslipidemia (12/30, 40%), and fatty liver (9/30, 30%) significantly higher. WC higher (74.52 ± 9.44 vs 69.5 ± 7.94 cm), FBS (85.1 ± 6.2 vs 79.2 ± 7.3), fasting insulin (19.11 ± 3.44 vs 11.2 ± 1.65 P = 0.00), postprandialinsulin (23.58 ± 4.56 vs 15.4 ± 2.52), HOMA (4.03 ± 0.05 vs 2.19 ± 0.37 P = 0.00) significant. Conclusion: Obese children showed metabolic derangements as early as lOyears, Insulin resistance (HOMA > 3.5) observed 18(36%), significantly more at pubertal mean age 12.54 ± 1.65 and with associated comorbidities hypertension, dyslipidemia, fatty liver. In this cohort ROC of 2.91 predicted metabolic abnormalities with 30/50 (70%) being insulin resistant. Early evaluation of insulin resistance and metabolic derangements mandatory for sensitization and interventions. ER  - 
Endocrine disorders in children with thalassemia major - A hospital based retrospective study; Background: The estimated prevalence of beta thalassemia is 3-8% in India, Pakistan, Bangladesh and China. The combination of regular blood transfusions and chelation therapy has dramatically increased the life expectancy of thalassemics, but it has led to iron overload and chelation toxicity, with many complications including - growth failure, gonadal dysfunction, hypothyroidism, hypoparathyroidism, DM, etc. Objective and hypotheses: To study the incidence and prevalence of endocrine disturbances in thalassemia major children, receiving regular blood transfusions. Also to study the correlation between-Age of starting transfusion/Average Sr. Ferritin levels/Age of starting chelation AND incidence of Endocrine problems in these children. Method: Basic information for each child was determined - age of presentation, onset of transfusion and chelation/Anthropometric data/Pubertal status(tanner staging). Blood investigations-Sr. Ferritin and average ferritin levels, Hb level, Sr. Calcium/Phosphorus/Alkaline Phosphatase, PTH, Thyroid profile, OGTT, LH/FSH, Sr. Estradiol (girls), Sr. Testosterone (boys). Results: See Table 1 below. Conclusion: In our study endocrine complications increased with Age - maximum seen in age group > 15 years. No association was found between age of onset of transfusion and chelation with incidence of endocrinal problems. Increased incidence of Hypogonadism, Hypothyroidism, Hypoparathyroidism was found with high average ferritin levels-at levels > 2500 ng/ml. ER  - 
A novel glucokinase gen mutation: Mody type-2 case; Background: Maturity-Onset Diabetes of the Young (MODY) is a rare monogenic form of diabetes that result in β-cell dysfunction. MODY accounts for 2-5% of all diabetes cases. We presented here a family with MODY2 caused by a novel heterozygous p.L164I (c.490 C > A) mutation of the GCK gene. Case: A 15,5-year-old girl was admitted to our department because of fasting hyperglycemia. She had no polyuria, polydipsia and weight loss. Parents had no consanguinity. Her mother was 26 years old with a diagnosis of gestational diabetes in her second pregnancy, used metformin for eight years after having been diagnosed as diabetes. It was learned that her aunt and grandmother had diabetes and her cousin had gestational diabetes. On physical examination body mass index was 23.7 kg/m2 (83p). She did not have acanthosis nigricans. Pubertal assessment revealed Tanner V. Blood glucose level was repeatedly checked and showed fasting hyperglycemia (114 mg/dl) as well as a mildly elevated hemoglobin Alc level 5.56%; and in the analysis of urine glucose and ketone were negative. Autoantibodies of diabetes were negative. A standard oral glucose tolerance test with 75 g of glucose equivalent was performed with a fasting glucose of 103 mg/dl and a 2-h glucose of 153 mg/dl. The fasting insulin concentration was 4.23 μLJ/ml and 20.88 μLJ/ml after 2 h. Considering the clinical and family history, mutation analysis of the GCK gene was performed. In the fifth exon of GCK gene of the patients, mother, aunt and cousin, a previously unidentified heterozygous p.L164I (c.490 C> A) mutation was found. Conclusion: MODY should be suspected in children who is found to have a random rise of blood sugar and has a family history of diabetes. Cases and individuals who have a family history of diabetes should be screened respectively for mutation. ER  - 
Growth hormone deficiency in a patient with ring chromosome 18; Background: Ring chromosome 18 [r (18)] syndrome belongs to a rare group of chromosomal abnormalities (only about 70 cases reported). The association of r(18) and growth hormone deficiency (GHD) is extremely rare (3 descriptions with different responds to GH treatment). Patients with r(18) syndrome are characterized by short stature, obesity, microcephaly, mental retardation, hypertelorism, epicanthic folds, micrognatia and small hands with short tapering fingers. Also atypical manifestations have been observed, with facial anomalies only. Case report: A 12 years old girl was referred to our clinic because of short stature. She was born at 36 weeks of gestation, her birth weight was 2200 g, length 51 cm, head circumference 32 cm. There was no family history of genetic or congenital disorders. The clinical examination revealed a girl with proportional short stature. Her height was 136 cm (-2,7 SDS), weight 40.6 kg, BMI 22.5 (1,1SDS), Tanner stage: 2 breast, 1 pubic hair development, discreet epicanthic folds, strabismus, lower-set ears and slightly smaller jaw. Her mental development was in lower normal range. Bone age was 10 years. GH stimulation tests showed a GHD (GH peak response to Clonidine: 2.69 ng/ml, to insulin: 3.61 ng/ml). Baseline LH, FSH, TSH, prolactin and ACTH concentrations were in normal ranges for age. Magnetic resonance imaging of hypothalamic-pituitary region revealed a small hypophysis (2 mm). Chromosome analysis showed: 46, XXish r (18)(wcp18×1)[11]. No ultrasound abnormalities in abdomen and thyroid were shown. Echocardiogram showed minimal mitral regurgitation-clinically not relevant. GH replacement therapy was indicated with the dose of 0.33 mg/kg per day. After the first year of treatment she reached a height 146.8 cm (-1,8 SDS) with the height increase Δ 0,9 SDS. After the second year her height was 152.8 cm (-1,46 SDS), after the third: 156.5 cm (-1,1SDS). Menarche occurred at the age 13 years 6 months. Conclusion: Our patient's growth response to GH treatment was similar to that observed in children with isolated GHD without r(18) syndrome. In children with r(18) exclusion of GHD should be taken under consideration. ER  - 
Long-term anthropometric outcome of girls with non-classical congenital adrenal hyperplasia diagnosed in childhoodxs; Background: Data on anthropometric outcomes in patients with non-classical 21-hydroxylase deficiency (NCCAH) are sparse. Objective: To investigate long-term effects of NCCAH on height and weight. Method: A retrospective, cross-sectional study of 105 girls with NCCAH aged 8.4 ± 4.1 years (0.4-18), mean follow-up 11.4 ± 7.5 years. Outcome measures were height, weight and BMI, expressed as standard deviation score (SDS), at diagnosis compared to last visit and also to those of their mothers, fathers and siblings. Patients were stratified by pubertal stage at diagnosis: prepubertal, pubertal (Tanner 2-4) and fully pubertal. Results: Median daily hydrocortisone dose was 10.0 mg/m2 (3.5-27). At diagnosis, height-, weight- and BMI-SDS were similar to those of parents and siblings; bone age to chronological age ratio was 1.2 ± 0.2. Height-SDS at last visit was significantly lower than that at diagnosis (-1.7±1.4 vs -0.2 ± 1.3, P<0.001) and lower than that of mothers (P< 0.001), fathers (P< 0.001) and siblings (P< 0.002). Patients fully pubertal at diagnosis were significantly shorter than prepubertal (P< 0.001) and pubertal patients (P< 0.001), and at last visit shorter than prepubertal patients (P< 0.005). A significant association was found between lower height-SDS at last visit and longer treatment duration (r= - 0.46, P< 0.001) but not with hydrocortisone dose (r= -0.22, P=0.07). Current weight-SDS slightly decreased compared to baseline (0.1 ± 1.4 vs -0.5 ±1.4, P<.001), while BMI-SDS was similar to baseline (0.3 ± 1.3 vs 0.5 ± 1.1, P = 0.09). Most recent weight- and BMI-SDS were significantly lower than parental weight- and BMI-SDS. Age at menarche was earlier in affected girls than in their mothers (12.3 ± 1.3 vs 12.7 ± 1.2 years, P<0.05). Conclusion: NCCAH diagnosed in childhood is associated with compromised height. Older age at diagnosis, earlier menarche, and longer steroid treatment duration may be risk factors. It is encouraging to see that BMI-SDS did not increase over time, despite hydrocortisone treatment. ER  - 
Early growth patterns are associated with alterations in adipocytokine levels and fat distribution measured by DXA in 982 children/adolescents; Background: Early growth trajectories are associated with childhood BMI and fat distribution as well as adulthood type 2 diabetes. Mechanisms by which early growth determines later adiposity remain unclear, but the effect may be mediated through adipocytokines. Objective and hypotheses: We describe the association between infant growth, adolescent fat distribution and serum adipocytokines. We hypothesize that poor or rapid early growth is associated with circulating Leptin and Adiponectin levels and fat distribution by DXA. Method: A prospective population-based birth cohort study was performed with anthropometric measurements at 0, 3, 18 and 36 months of age and follow-up at 8-15 years. Delta (Δ) growth SDS from 0-3, 0-18 and 0-36 months was calculated. Catch-down and catch-up was defined as ΔSDS by more than - 0.67 and more than 0.67, respectively. Total and regional fat percentage was measured by DXA (mean age 11.0 years) in 982 children (426 girls) and serum Leptin and Adiponectin levels were analyzed. Leptin-to-Adiponectin ratio was calculated as a measure of insulin resistance. Tanner Stage and age were included as covariates. Results: Early weight changes at each age interval (Δweight SDS, catch-up in weight, but not catch-down) were associated with android and gynoid fat% SDS (Δweight SDS: β = 0.1, catch-up: β = 0.3) and android-to-gynoid ratio (Δweight SDS: β = 0.01, catch-up: β = 0.02) in both sexes (all P<0.05). Furthermore, Δweight SDS 0-18 and 0-36 months was associated with Leptin levels and Leptin-to-Adiponectin ratio (both β = 0.04, P<0.05), but not with Adiponectin levels. Android fat% SDS was positively associated with Leptin-to-Adiponectin ratio (girls: β = 27%, boys: β = 20%, both P<0.05) whereas gynoid fat% SDS was inversely associated with Leptin-to-Adiponectin ratio in girls (β=-23%, P<0.05), but not boys (β=-3%, P=0.85), independently of total fat% SDS. Conclusion: Early weight gain predisposes to more abdominal than gluteofemoral fat deposition around puberty along and increased Leptin-to-Adiponectin ratio, reflecting altered fat metabolism. ER  - 
Type 1 diabetes in childhood: An 8-year experience; Background: Type 1 diabetes mellitus (DMI) is a chronic disease that requires frequent visits in outpatient pediatric endocrine clinics in order to rearrange their new lives. Objective and hypotheses: A retrospective study of patients with DMI was performed during 2008-2015, assessing epidemiological and clinical data, treatment and subsequent course. Method: We analyzed the incidence, age and gender of 75 patients at the disease's onset, the HbA1C at first admission, 2, 4, 6 and 8 years of treatment and the type of insulin received. Statistical analysis was performed with SPSS. Results: The average age of DMI onset was 7.82 ± 3.56 years and two seasonal peaks were observed, mainly in January (33%) and April (30.6%). Initial signs were ketoacidosis (61.3%), ketosis (28%) and hyperglycemia as an incidental finding (10.7%). One single case of severe ketoacidosis was reported and no acute complication occurred during DKA treatment. The average HbA1C at the onset was 12.3 ± 2.08% and no significant difference was found between the age groups, although all younger patients presented moderate ketoacidocis. Two years after the first diagnosis HbA1C was reduced. However, there has been an increase of HbA1C through the years, especially in puberty. The majority of patients received insulin glargine and lispro. The last year, five patients (>14 years old) started treatment with TRESIBA, as basal insulin, and five teenagers put insulin pumps, with no significant difference in their metabolic control, but with an improvement in their quality of life. Finally, after 8-year follow-up, no complication occurred. Conclusion: The type of insulin therapy has no big effect on the diabetic control, but the proper psychological support and the education in order to deal with their new way of life is more important. ER  - 
Septo-optic dysplasia spectrum: Pubertal features of a large cohort of children and adolescents with septo-optic dysplasia, congenital hypopituitarism and optic nerve hypoplasia from a single centre; Background: Children with septo-optic dysplasia (SOD) and related disorders can present with either hypogonadotropic hypogonadism or precocious puberty. This phenotypic variability remains unexplained. Objective and hypotheses: To compare pubertal characteristics of SOD with isolated congenital hypopituitarism (CPHD) and optic nerve hypoplasia (ONH). Method: Retrospective longitudinal data collection from 259 patients with: SOD (n=171), CPHD (n = 53) or ONH (n = 35). Results: In males, under-virilized external genitalia were observed at birth in 70% CPHD, 43% SOD, and 14% ONH (P=0.005). Of males with under-virilized external genitalia, 39% SOD and 100% CPHD were diagnosed with probable GnRH deficiency (P = 0.002). Compared with SOD, CPHD had lower testosterone responses to 3 days (P = 0.015) and 3 weeks (P = 0.056) of HCG, and lower LH (P<0.0001) and FSH (P<0.0001) concentrations on GnRH testing. Spontaneous onset of puberty was observed in 93% ONH (n = 14), 82% SOD (N = 66) and 45% CPHD (n=15) (P<0.001) and occurred at similar ages in the three groups. A likely diagnosis of GnRH deficiency was made in 28% (n = 72) SOD and 75% (n = 24) CPHD (P = 0.0001). Sex steroid treatment was required in 8% SOD (N = 95) and 32% CPHD (n = 28) (P< 0.002) to start (7 SOD and 7 CPHD) or progress (1 SOD, 2 CPHD) through puberty. 12% of SOD (n = 98) and 12% of ONH (n = 25) needed treatment for cessation of early/precocious puberty. Premature thelarche occurred in 2 ONH and 5 SOD, premature menarche in 2 SOD and premature adrenarche in 4 SOD and 3 ONH. Conclusion: Our data demonstrate, particularly in males, a more frequent and severe impairment of GnRH function in CPHD as compared to SOD/ONH in whom GnRH function is often retained with early/precocious puberty and adrenarche. These data suggest that distinct genetic and/or environmental insults at different stages of brain development may dictate the variability of phenotype observed. ER  - 
Metabolic syndrome markers correlate with gut microbiome activity in children born very preterm; Background: Fifteen years ago children born very preterm (< 32 weeks of gestation) were reported to be insulin resistant. Neonatal intensive care has since improved considerably, but it is unclear whether this has affected long-term outcomes in those born preterm. Abnormalities in gut microbiome, which influence host metabolism, have been found in preterm newborns. Objective and hypotheses: We aimed to assess whether children born very preterm still had lower insulin sensitivity than term controls, and whether there were differences in gut microbiome. We hypothesized that early life events in infants born very preterm lead to long-term alterations in gut microbiome, which contribute to later insulin resistance. Method: Participants were pre-pubertal children aged 5-11 years born very preterm (n = 51; 61% boys) or at term (37-41 weeks; n = 50; 62% boys). Insulin sensitivity was assessed using frequently-sampled intravenous glucose tolerance tests and the Bergmans minimal model. A fresh stool sample was collected from all children, and RNA extracted for assessment of gut microbiome composition and activity. Results: Children born very preterm were lighter (weight SDS - 0.16 vs 0.47; P=0.0005), shorter (height SDS 0.31 vs 0.92; P=0.0006), and leaner (BMI SDS -0.20 vs 0.29; P<0.0001) than term children. Notably, children born very preterm had lower insulin sensitivity than term controls (9.2 vs 12.5×10-4· min-1(mU/l); P=0.0007), even after adjustment for confounders. Stool metatranscriptomics identified Coriobacteriaceae, particularly Collinsella spp., as being associated with preterm birth. There were also different microbiome activities in children born preterm, such as increased catabolism of glutamate and arginine, which are involved in glucose homeostasis. Conclusion: Adverse metabolic programming (i.e. lower insulin sensitivity) remains a feature of pre-pubertal children born very preterm. Differences in gut microbiome composition and activity are also present in mid-childhood, suggesting a possible role of gut microbiome in defining the metabolic phenotype of those born preterm. ER  - 
The impact of diet on insulin dynamics over a 2-year period in children with a family history of obesity; Background: Despite extensive evidence in adults that lifestyle modification, including a healthy diet, may prevent the onset of type 2 diabetes, studies examining the impact of chronic dietary exposures on insulin dynamics in at-risk children are lacking. Objective and hypotheses: To assess how dietary intake predicts insulin sensitivity and secretion over a 2-year period in children with a family history of obesity. Method: Data stem from the QUebec Adipose and Lifestyle InvesTigation in Youth (QUALITY) cohort, consisting of 630 children recruited at age 8-10 years, based on a family history of obesity. Macronutrients (including %carbo-hydrates, %fat, %saturated fat, %protein, fiber, sugar-sweetened beverages) were assessed at baseline using three non-consecutive 24-h dietary recalls. Insulin sensitivity, assessed by Matsuda Index, and insulin secretion, assessed by the ratio of the AUC of insulin:glucose at 30 min (AUC30) and at 120 min (AUC120) after an oral glucose tolerance test, were carried out both at baseline and 2 years later. Physical activity (PA) was evaluated by 7d accelerometry and fitness by peak oxygen consumption (VO2peak), percent fat mass by DXA. Regression analysis with smoothing splines for non-linearity were used and models were minimally adjusted for age, sex, PA, fitness, screen time, adiposity, season and pubertal stage. We accounted for missing data using multiple imputation. Results: Saturated fat intake was deleterious to insulin sensitivity over time: for every 1% increase in baseline saturated fat intake, Matsuda index decreased by 1.6% (95% CI = -3.2, -0.06) 2 years later, even after adjusting for other lifestyle habits and adiposity. No dietary component predicted any measure of insulin secretion after adjusting for PA, fitness, screen time and adiposity. Conclusion: Interventions that aim to lower saturated fat intake in children may be beneficial to prevent later development of type 2 diabetes in youth with a family history of obesity. ER  - 
Consecutive lynestrenol and cross-sex hormone treatment in biological female adolescents with gender dysphoria: A retrospective analysis; Background: Progestins such as lynestrenol (L) can be used in female to male (FtM) adolescents with gender dysphoria (GD) who have advanced pubertal development to reduce the psychological burden of menstruation. L can later be combined with cross-sex hormones (testosterone esters) (L + T). L is much cheaper and easier to administer than GnRHa. To date, few data exist on the (side) effects of progestins for this indication. Objective and hypotheses: To report the effects of consecutive L (5 mg) and L + T in FtM adolescents with GD on antropo-metrics, biochemical, hormonal parameters and side effects. Method: Retrospective analysis of clinical and biochemical data in 45 FtM adolescents treated with L monotherapy for 12.6 months and L + T for 11.4 months. Statistical analysis: McNemar's, paired Student-f or Wilcoxon signed-ranks test (as appropriate). All participants were advised to take Vitamin D supplements (25,000 U/ml) and a calcium-enriched diet. Results: Metrorrhagia of variable intensity and acne were most pronounced during the first months of monotherapy and combination therapy respectively and decreased thereafter. Headaches, hot flushes and fatigue were the most reported side effects. During treatment, a gradual increase in musculature, hemoglobin, hematocrit, creatinine and liver enzymes was seen, progressively sliding into male references. Lipids shifted to a more unfavourable HDL/LDL ratio; glucose metabolism was not affected. SHBG, total testosterone and estradiol levels decreased and free testosterone slightly increased during monotherapy. Total and free testosterone increased significantly during combination therapy. Gonadotropins were only fully suppressed during combination therapy. AMH remained stable. Most changes occurred in the first six months of the respective treatment phases and remained stable thereafter. Conclusion: Treatment with L is effective, safe and inexpensive. However, suppression of gonadotropins is incomplete. Higher doses may be needed to obtain immediate and full suppression of menstruation. ER  - 
Improved clinical and laboratory changes after 12 months of use of metformin in obese insulin resistant children and adolescents; Background: Childhood obesity is one of the most prevalent and challenging health care concerns. In this context, insulin resistance (IR) is an important disorder with strong association with metabolic (type 2 diabetes, hypercholesterolemia) and cardiovascular (hypertension, atherosclerosis) outcomes. Clinical trials have been showing Metformin as an effective drug on reducing the IR and BMI. However, there is little data on use of metformin in children. Objective and hypotheses: The aim of this study is to evaluate our experience on use of metformin in obese children and adolescents with IR, and determine the benefits in weight loss after 12 months of treatment. Other clinical and biochemical variables were described. Method: Retrospective study of 50 children and adolescents followed in the Pediatric Endocrinology Clinic ICR-FMUSP, due to obesity and IR, at baseline and after a year of use of metformin. Exclusion criteria: T2DM, Neurological disorders with or without mental impairments and use of other weight related medications. Clinical (age, gender, weight, height, waist circumference, BMI, pubertal stage) and biochemical (fasting glucose, insulin, lipid profile) data were analyzed. IR was measured by HOMA-IR. Results: Mean age 12.4 ± 2.2 (8-17 years), without gender predominance. At baseline and 12 months after metformin's introduction, statistical analyses of the studied variables were respectively: HOMA-IR: 4.7 ± 2.5, 3.56 ± 1.8 (P = 0.005); fasting insulin 23 ± 9.5, 17.3 ± 9.1 (P<0.001); BMI score Z 3.2 ± 0.67, 2.9 ± 0.58 (P<0.001). There was a statistical improvement in fasting glycemia (P=0.002) and cholesterol (P = 0.041). There were no significant differences in outcomes between others variables. Conclusion: Metformin increased insulin sensitivity, and provided a statistically significant, but very modest reduction in BMI. This poor alteration in BMI makes our results arguable. Further researches are needed to prove if there is a substantial clinical benefit on using metformin in children and adolescents. ER  - 
Clinical approach to severe early onset childhood obesity; The increase in childhood obesity prevalence led to the establishment of a monographic obesity clinic since 2009 in our Department. To date, over 1600 patients have been visited, focusing on early onset severity and generating a valuable dataset on the characteristics of these patients (“The Madrid cohort”). This has allowed the performance of genomic and genetic studies, which have led to the demonstration of a genetic background, underlying the development of the disease in a number of these patients (also detailed in FC 4.1 in this meeting). On the other hand, we have been able to analize the clinical, anthropometrical and metabolic characteristics of 1300 children affected with non-syndromic nor genetic (thus, common or polygenic) obesity at diagnosis, as well as the singularities of their follow up. As a result, we will expose their growth, pubertal and skeletal maturation status at diagnosis, according to their sex, age and race, and how they evolve during their evolution; analyzing whether there are singularities in the timing and tempo of pubertal events. Metabolic comorbidities have been thoroughly investigated both, with the diagnostic procedures usually used in the clinic (including the detailed analysis of glycemia and insulinemia in the OGTT test in over 800 patients) as also from the new perspective offered by the “omic” sciences, showing the existence of early proteomic and metabolomic impairment in young obese children, particularly in the presence of insulin resistance. Finally, an overview of the main features of the clinical follow-up of these patiens (drop-out, reconsultation rates) as well as the success rate and later BMI and metabolic evolution will be displayed. ER  - 
Insulin sensitivity in girls with central precocious puberty at diagnosis and at 6 months of GnRH analogue treatment; Background: Puberty is associated with a physiological decline in insulin sensitivity. Overweight and obesity are common among girls with Central Precocious Puberty (CPP). CPP and early menarche have been considered as risk factors for obesity and cardiovascular diseases during adulthood. Besides, concern has been raised by the potential impact of GnRH analogues (GnRH-a) treatment on body weight and metabolic profile. Objective and hypotheses: To evaluate BMI and metabolic parameters in CPP girls at diagnosis and during GnRHa treatment. Method: We performed a cross sectional and prospective longitudinal study of 15 CPP girls at diagnosis and at 6 months on GnRHa therapy with an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). Glucose and insulin levels were measured at 0, 30, 60, 90 and 120 minutes. Fasting lipid profile was also evaluated. Surrogates indices for fasting (SFI) insulin resistance (IR) [HOMA-IR, G/I, QUICKI] were calculated and evaluated according to own local cutoff. Matsuda Index was calculated from OGTT. Results: At baseline median chronological age was 7.8 years (5.7-8.5). All girls were on Tanner stage 3. Eight patients had normal weight, whereas 7 were overweight (OW) or obese (Ob). No significant change in BMI was observed between baseline and on treatment. Six patients had at least 2 impaired indices for insulin sensitivity (three of them had normal weight) and two patients only one. During OGTT five patients with OW or Ob showed hyperinsulinemia. Few patients had dyslipidemia. Matsuda index was low in three patients at diagnosis. There were not significant changes in SFI and during OGTT between diagnosis and on GnRHa treatment. Conclusion: Our cohort of CPP girls showed a high frequency of OW and Ob as well as high frequency of IR. BMI and metabolic profile did not show changes at six month of GnRHa treatment. Further studies will be necessary to determine long term metabolic risk in these patients. ER  - 
Clinical and laboratory characteristics of children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus; Background: Prevelance of type 1 Diabetes Mellitus is increasing world wide and it is associated with multiple factors. Objective and hypotheses: We aimed to evaluate the clinical and laboratory characteristics of patients with type 1 DM. Method: Clinical records of 184 patients with diabetes (0-18 years) admitted between January 2010 and January 2014 were analysed retrospectively. Age and season at admission, type of admission, anthropometric measurements, pubertal status, laboratory tests including, blood glucose, electrolytes, gases, HbA1c, insulin, c-peptide levels, thyroid function tests, lipid profile, thyroid and pancreas autoantibodies were recorded. Results: Among the patients 53.9% (n = 99) were girls. Mean chronological age at admission was 8.28 ± 4.28 years. Short stature was observed in 3.2, 1.6% were overweight. More patients were prepubertal (58.1%) (P = 0.019). Family history was positive for type 1 DMand type 2 DM in 9.78 and 44.6% of the patients. History for an infectious disease 3 months prior the onset of diabetes was observed in 20.4%. Type 1DM was most frequently diagnosed in fall (30.4%) and winter (30.4%), (P < 0.05). In both genders age distrubution showed peak intervals between 8 and 12 years. Age distrubution didnot differ between genders. Presentation was with diabetic ketoasidosis (DKA) in 37.5% (N = 69). There was no difference in gender distribution, chronological age and anthropometric measurements between the patients presenting with and without ketasidosis. Fasting c-peptide level was lower in the patients with DKA (P = 0.019). Subclinical hypothyroidism was observed in 2.2 and 7.3% of the patients with and with out DKA respectively. None of the patients had overt hypothyroidism. Hashimato thyroiditis was determined in 10.3%. In 71.1% of the patients at least one antibody was positive among three (anti-GAD, ICA, AIA) pancreas antibodies. Conclusion: Incidence of type 1 DM seems increased in relatively cold weather. Although there is no mechanistic relationship, family history for type 2 DM is high, that should be further investigated. Presentation with DKA is high, that makes relevant recognizing symptoms early. ER  - 
Prevalence and characterization of retinal alterations in a cohort of overweight and obese children; Background: Increasing incidence of pediatric obesity has been observed worldwide. Metabolic syndrome, characterized by visceral obesity, dyslipidemia, hypertension and impaired glucose metabolism, is associated with obesity. Objective and hypotheses: To evaluate early ocular signs of hypertension by retinography in a cohort of overweight (BMI>85th)/obese (BMI > 95th) children, in order to define the prevalence of retinal alterations and characterize the patients. Method: All subjects underwent retinography, anthropometric examination, blood pressure measurement, oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), lipid profile assessment, ECG and DEXA scan to evaluate body composition. The same paediatric endocrinologist examined all patients and all retinographies were evaluated by the same ophthalmologist. Results: A total of 115 children (59 males) aged 12.83 ± 1.96 years were included in the study: 105 patients (91.3%) showed normal retinographic pattern or aspecific retinal vessel alterations (Group A), 7 (6.1%) showed signs of hypertensive retinopathy (in 1 case papilledema) representing Group B, and the remaining 3 (2.6%) had different alterations, as coloboma or choroidal nevus. In the comparison between Group A and B, the latter showed significant higher values in BMI (29.9±3.5 vs 33.4±6.3 kg/m2; P = 0.018), BMI SDS (2.5 ± 0.7 vs 3.3 ± 1.4; P = 0.006), abdominal circumference (CA) (100.9 ± 10.4 vs 109.6±15.3 cm; P = 0.042), wrist circumference (17.3 ± 1.1 vs 18.4 ± 2.1 cm; P = 0.024), CA/height ratio (0.6 ± 0.0 vs 0.7 ± 0.1; P = 0.007) and glycemia at 120′ during OGTT (110.1 ±19.9 vs 128.9±25.0; P = 0.019). No significant differences in blood pressure or between sexes were found. Interestingly, 3/7 patients of Group B were overweight but not obese. All but one retinographies with alterations were detected in pubertal patients. The only prepubertal child with altered retinography had a complex form of obesity and is currently being studied. No ECG alterations were found in Group B. Conclusion: Retinal alterations could represent early signs of hypertension in children with overweight and obesity, even when blood pressure appears normal at routine measurements. ER  - 
Polycystic ovarian syndrome in a population of obese adolescents; Background: Polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrine disease among women of reproductive age with a prevalence of about 8% according to the Androgen Excess Society (AES) criteria. The pathophysiology of PCOS is not well understood and it is associated with a high prevalence of metabolic disorders. During puberty, irregular menses and acne are common, thus making the diagnosis of PCOS in adolescence challenging. Objective and hypotheses: To study the prevalence of PCOS among obese teenage girls referred to the Obesity Unit at CHUV Hospital and characterize the clinical, endocrine and metabolic profiles of these obese teens. Method: 1-year prospective observational study of obese girls (BMI> +2 SDS) from menarche or after age 15 in cases of primary amenorrhea. Exclusion criteria were hyperprolactinemia, hypothyroidism, pregnancy and every other cause of hyperandrogenemia. Endocrine and metabolic profiling and pelvic ultrasound were performed. Results: In total, 21 patients (11-17 years old) were included - none of whom had been previously diagnosed with PCOS. According to AES criteria (hyperandrogenism, oligome-norhea, PCO morphology on pelvic US) the 43% of this cohort presented with PCOS. By definition, total testosterone and androstenedione were significantly higher in the PCOS group. This group exhibited higher LH, (10.6 vs 5.3 mUI/1, P = 0.029), inhibin B (108.3 vs 57.5 pg/ml, P=0.023) and AMH (35.16 vs 16.6 pM, P = 0.05), and had higher total cholesterol levels (4.1 vs 3.6 mM, P = 0.05). Yet no other differences in metabolic parameters. Interestingly, lumbar bone mineral density was significantly lower in PCOS teens. Conclusion: PCOS among obese adolescent is extremely frequent. Moreover, this prevalence is probably underestimated given the poor sensitivity of trans-abdominal ultrasound to detect PCO morphology in these teens. No significant differences were observed in terms of prediabetes/diabetes among these obese teens - potentially due to the limited sample size. Further imaging using pelvic MRI is ongoing and will enable a more precise diagnosis of PCO morphology. ER  - 
The monitoring of endocrine functions in children with rare genetic syndromes; Background: Children with rare genetic disorders may have different endocrine problems Objective and hypotheses: To present 4 paediatric patients (3 M, 1 F) aged 4.3-16.9 y.o. (mean age 11±5.5 years) with different genetic syndromes: Pallister-Hall, Holt-Oram, Ellis-van Creveld and Marshall. Method: Retrospective study. Results: Mean age of diagnosis was 5.3±2.7 y.o. All children had growth hormone (GH) deficiency confirmed by stimulation tests. Mean age of GH treatment start was 6.5 ± 2.2 y.o. and treatment duration varied between 1.0 to 9.9 years (4.6 ± 4.3 years). In all cases, good effect of GH was observed, even if child with Holt-Oram and Marshall's syndromes had multiple pituitary hormone deficiency. Apart of GH deficiency, the patient with Holt-Oram syndrome developed consecutively with age central hypothyroidism, hypocorticism and hypogonadism and was treated with multiple hormone replacements. The patient with Marshall's syndrome also had central hypothyroidism and severe hypoglycemia before GH treatment. However, under GH hypoglycemia disappeared; hypocorticism has not been detected. The child with Pallister-Hall syndrome which includes hypothalamic hamartoma had normal puberty. In him, weight excess and impaired insulin sensitivity developed during the monitoring required metformin administration. All patients described had hypothalamo-pituitary anomalies on MRI. Several non endocrine manifestations have been diagnosed. Conclusion: Children with rare genetic syndromes may have severe endocrine problems and need careful monitoring by a multispecialist team. ER  - 
Adiponectin and leptin in children with type 1 diabetes for 3-5 years with or without residual β cell function; Background: Studies in adults with type 1 diabetes (T1D) have indicated that adiponectin is negatively associated and leptin positively associated with measures of a residual beta cell function (RBF). Objective and hypotheses: To compare serum adiponectin and leptin levels and their ratio in children with T1D for 3-5 years with and without RBF and in healthy children. Method: We included 342 children (173 females) with T1D, here of 136 prepubertal children (15 with stimulated C-peptide above 100 pM (RBF +)) and 206 pubertal children (here of 42 RBF +). Seventy (40 females) healthy children, here of 40 pre-pubertal served as controls. RBF was evaluated by meal-stimulated C-peptide. We performed multiple linear regression analyses to test for differences in adiponectin, leptin and leptin/adiponectin ratio between patients (+RBF/ - RBF) and healthy controls, adjusting for age, gender, BMI-SDS and HbA1c, stratified by pubertal status. Results: In prepubertal children leptin and the leptin/adiponectin ratio were higher in RBF + patients compared with RBF-patients and controls (all P-values <0.04). There was a trend towards elevated adiponectin levels in the RBF-group compared with the RBF+ group (P = 0.07). In pubertal children adiponectin was higher in RBF-patients compared with controls (P<0.04), whereas the leptin/adiponectin ratio was lower in RBF-patients compared with controls (P<0.05). There was a trend towards the highest leptin levels in the RBF+ group (P = 0.2). Conclusion: The highest leptin levels were observed in children with T1D and a positive RBF, whereas the highest adiponectin levels were found in children with T1D without a RBF. The mechanism remain undetermined, but the characteristics of our patient population excludes higher BMI-SDS in RBF+ patients or differences in diabetes duration or kidney function between RBF+ and RBF-patients, as proposed in adults. The question remains whether children with T1D and a positive RBF share phenotypic similarities with T2D patients? ER  - 
Vitamin D deficiency in obese children and the relationship with insulin resistance and metabolic syndrome; Background: Vitamin D is a pleiotropic hormone the deficiency of which is related with extraskeletal manifestations such as insulin resistance and cardiovascular risk disease. Objective and hypotheses: To investigate the levels of Vitamin D in a sample of children with obesity and to evaluate the relationship between carbohydrate metabolism and metabolic syndrome (MS). Method: In this prospective cross-sectional study, 189 children aged 5-14 years, with BMI>2SD, were evaluated from 1 January 2012 to 31 May 2015. Anthropometric data used: weight, height, BMI, abdominal circumference and blood pressure. Serum 25-hydroxyvit D, was measured. For lipid metabolism, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and triglyceride levels were determined. For glucose metabolism, fasting plasma glucose levels and insulin were measured after 12 h of fasting performing an oral glucose tolerance test. Serum 25-hydroxyvit D levels were considered: appropriate values > 30 ng/d1, deficiency < 29 ng/d1 and insufficiency levels <20 ng/dl. Classification of MS was accordance with that of the International Diabetes Federation. A multiple regression analysis was performed. Results: A total of 189 patients were included (48% male; 33.4% prepubertal), with a mean age 11.1 years (CI 9.8-12.5). 36 patients presented within MS (21%). We found higher incidence of deficiency and insufficiency VitD levels in pubertal children than in prepubertal (25 and 48% vs. 10 and 26% respectively) P< 0.001. Prepubertal children (50%) presented HOMA>2.5 and pubertal children (73.4%) within HOMA> 3 was found (P<0.05). 78% of children with VitD insufficiency presented HOMA> 3 and only 22% had HOMA<3 (P = 0.0001). 15% of patients with at least three criteria of MS (36/169), had levels of 25-hydroxyvit D >30 ng/dl. We found a negative correlation between HOMA and 25-hydroxyvit D among prepubertal and pubertal children (P = 0.01). Conclusion: Our data support that serum 25-hydroxyvit D level may be inversely associated with insulin resistance. Also patients within MS criteria have significantly lower levels of 25-hydroxyvit D. ER  - 
Dietary habits of children and adolescents attending an out-patient clinic for the prevention and management of overweight and obesity in Greece; Background: Obesity in childhood and adolescence represents a major health problem and its management requires a multidisciplinary approach. Objective and hypotheses: To assess the main eating habits of children and adolescents attending an Out-patient Clinic for the Prevention and Management of Overweight and Obesity in Greece, as recorded before implementing any intervention. Method: We studied 1005 children and adolescents [age range 1-18 years old, 45% boys, 55% girls, 52.4% prepubertal, 47,6% pubertal], who attend our Out-patient Clinic. According to their BMI, subjects were classified as obese, overweight or of normal BMI. On their first Clinic visit, patients and/or their parents completed the semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire 'Toy Box', which records the frequency and the habitual amount of consumption of the main food groups, as well as the breakfast eating habits. The mean daily consumption of each food group was then estimated. Results: 12% of children and adolescents had normal BMI, 27% were overweight and 61% were obese. Overweight children consumed more sugary cereals (P = 0.038), while obese children ate more meat products (P=0.004) and fries (P = 0.001). Boys drank more soft drinks daily and ate more sugary cereals, white and brown bread, meat and cold cuts (P<0.05), while girls drank more milk (P<0.001). Consumption of soft drinks, chocolate and savory snacks increased with age (P<0.05), however, the opposite was observed for milk (P=0.029). Adolescents consumed more treats, sugary cereals, bread, meat and cold cuts (P<0.05). Finally, a statistically significant association was observed between the BMI of the child or adolescent and the BMI of their parents (P<0.001). Conclusion: The eating habits of children and adolescents attending our Out-patient Clinic for the Prevention and Management of Overweight and Obesity were associated with BMI, gender and age group. The expected effect of parental BMI on children's BMI is worth noting. ER  - 
Effects and side effects of cyproterone acetate alone and in combination with estrogens in natal male adolescents with gender dysphoria; Background: Male to female (MtF) gender dysphoric adolescents with advanced pubertal development can be treated with antiandrogenic progestins such as cyproterone acetate (CA). CA is much cheaper and easier to administer than GnRHa and can later be combined with cross-sex hormones (17β-estradiol) (CA+E). To date, few data exist on the (side) effects of progestins for this indication. Objective and hypotheses: To report the effects of consecutive CA and CA + E in MtF adolescents on antropo-metrics, biochemical, hormonal parameters and side effects. Method: Retrospective analysis of clinical and biochemical data in 27 MtF adolescents treated with CA monotherapy for 11 months and CA + E for 12 months. Statistical analysis: Shapiro-Wilk, paired Student-T or Wilcoxon signed-ranks test (as appropriate). All participants were advised to take Vitamin D supplements and a calcium-enriched diet. Results: Most patients reported a reduction in facial shaving (CA:54.2%, CA + E:62.5%). Breast development was induced by CA monotherapy in 28% (B2-3), reaching B3-4 in 77.8% during CA + E. Side effects (breast tenderness, emotionality, fatigue, flushes) were reported during CA in 36% and during CA + E in 66.6%. Hemoglobin, hematocrit and Creatinin levels reached the female reference range under CA and remained stable thereafter. Transient (limited) elevation of liver enzymes was noted in four adolescents. HDL/LDL ratio became more unfavourable during CA, but restored with addition of E; glucose metabolism was unaffected. Androgens (total and free testosterone, DHEAS, androstenedione) decreased under CA, with a further decrease during CA + E. Estradiol, SHBG and inhibine B decreased during CA but increased during CA + E. Prolactin levels increased under CA. Conclusion: CA is effective in suppressing endogenous hormones and initiating feminisation within the first six months of treatment. Furthermore, it is safe and inexpensive. Addition of estrogens are needed for further feminisation. ER  - 
Comparison between Serum Vitamin D Levels in precocious pubertal girls and normal girls; Background: Vitamin D deficiency has been associated with chronic diseases, such as diabetes mellitus, obesity and autoimmune disease. However, There are only a few studies about the correlation between Vitamin D levels and precocious puberty in girls. Objective and hypotheses: In the previous study, Vitamin D levels may be associated with precocious puberty. We also aimed to re-evaluate the relationship between serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D) and precocious puberty in girls. Method: A total of 155 girls with central precocious puberty (CPP) and 45 control girls were enrolled. Anthropometric measurement and serum level of 25(OH)D were estimated for all subjects. Results: Mean 25(OH)D level of CPP group was 17.3 ± 5.6 ng/ml, which was lower than the control group (19.0 ± 5.3 ng/ml). There was significant difference in the mean serum 250HD concentration between the precocious puberty group and the control group (P = 0.042). After 25(OH)D levels be classified by month(season), Significant difference in the mean serum 25(OH)D concentration between the two groups was only winter (December-February). 113 of the 155 girls with CPP (72.9%) had 25(OH)D deficiency (defined as serum 25(OH)D <20 ng/ml) and 38 (24.5%) had 25(OH)D insufficiency. Of the 45 girls in the control group, 25(OH)D deficiency was seen in 24 subjects (53.3%), 20 subjects (44.4%) had 25(OH)D insufficiency, and 1 subjects (2.2%) had sufficient serum 25(OH)D (defined as serum 25(OH)D > 30 ng/ml). The prevalence of 25(OH)D was significantly higher odds ratio (OR, 2.35; 95% CI, 1.18-4.66, P=0.017) among CPP group than controls. Conclusion: Our results showed that Vitamin D level was significant association with precocious puberty. We also recommend further studies are required to identify the correlation Vitamin D levels and precocious puberty. ER  - 
The prevalence of dyslipidemia and associated factors in children and adolescent with type i diabetes; Background: Dyslipidemia increases the frequency and severity of micro- and macro-vascular complications of type 1 diabetes. Objective and hypotheses: The present study aims to determine the prevalence of dyslipidemia and its association with clinical and laboratory findings in diabetic children and adolescents. Methods: The study included 202 children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes. Demographic data and laboratory findings were obtained from patient's files. Results: Dyslipidemia prevalence was found as 26.2%. Hypercholesterolemia (15.8%) and hyperglyceridemia (12.9%) were most common findings. Age, BMI, HbA1c and poor metabolic control was significantly higher in cases with dyslipidemia. Smoking rate was 14.1% in the pubertal group. Poor metabolic control and dyslipidemia was found higher among smokers (P<0.05). Conclusion: Blood lipid levels should be monitored regularly and nutrition education should be repeated periodically to prevent and control dyslipidemia in patients with type 1 diabetes. Smoking-related risks should be a part of patient education in the pubertal period. ER  - 
Associations of different appetite hormones with physical activity and cardiorespiratory fitness in adolescent boys with different BMI values; Background: Higher physical activity (PA) attenuates the health risks of obesity and has positive effects on body weight reduction. The results of our recent longitudinal study showed that PA, especially vigorous PA (VPA), is an important factor for predicting overweight in boys during puberty (Lätt et al, 2015). Objective and hypotheses: The aim of this study was to examine the associations of fasting serum acylated and des-acylated ghrelin, peptide YY (PYY) and leptin levels with PA and cardiorespiratory fitness (CReF) parameters in adolescent overweight (OWB) and normal weight (NWB) boys. Method: Fasting blood samples of 55 OWB (BMI >85th percentile) and 154 NWB (BMI <85th percentile) aged 12-16 years were collected to measure serum acylated and des-acyl ghrelin, PPY, leptin, testosterone, glycose, and insulin levels. Total PA was measured by 7-day accelerometry (counts/min) and CReF by direct measurement of peak oxygen consumption (VO2 peak/kg). Results: No differences were seen in serum PYY, acylated or des-acylated ghrelin levels, while mean leptin (11.6 ± 10.6 vs 2.0 ± 2.7 ng/ml) and insulin (18.1 ± 8.7 vs 11.0 ± 6.2 mU/1) were significantly higher (P<0.05) in OWB compared to NWB. CReF was significantly lower in OWB compared to NWB (39.7 ± 8.7 vs 50.5 ± 6.8 ml/min per kg; P<0.05). Leptin was negatively correlated with CReF in both groups (r= - 0.43; P<0.05) and des-acylated ghrelin with CReF only in OWB (r= - 0.36; P<0.05). In OWB leptin was negatively correlated with total PA (r= - 0.32; P<0.05) and positively with sedentary time of PA (r = 0.35; P<0.05). In NWB 28.1% of the variability of CreF was determined by leptin and insulin resistance index (HOMA-IR) whereas in OWB 71.9% was determined by trunk FM and BML Conclusion: Serum leptin concentration is inversely associated with CReF in adolescent boys independently of their BMI value while serum des-acyl ghrelin may be involved to determine the CReF level in OWB. Low PA in OWB is associated with high serum leptin level. ER  - 
Elevation of serum fibroblast growth factor 21 in congenital hypothyroidism; Background: Fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21) is one of the FGF superfamily, which regulates energy expenditure, glucose metabolism and lipid metabolism. FGF21 elevates of glucose uptake in peripheral tissues, and regulates body temperature in brown adipose tissue. Objective and hypotheses: This study is to reveal which endocrine diseases in children has elevation of FGF21. Method: We collected blood from 253 endocrine diseases in children, under 20-year-old, from April to December 2012 at Kurume University Hospital. Diseases were following: idiopathic short stature (90), GHD (20), short stature children born SGA (13), pan-hypopituitarism (5), Graves' disease (7), Hashimoto disease (4), transient hyper-TSH (22), congenital hypothyroidism (CH; 50), T1DM (22), T2DM (3), 210HD (4), central precocious puberty (9), hypochondroplasia (2), achondroplasia (2), and healthy control (59). FGF21 was measured by ELISA (BioVendor, Czech). Kruskal-Wallis test was used for statistical analysis. Results: Only CH had significantly elevated FGF21 compared to control. Elevation of thyroid hormone increases FGF21 via THβ receptor and/or PPARα. This result implicated that administration of levothyroxine may be overdosed in CH. This study replicated previous literatures, in that T1DM had decreased FGF21, T2DM had increased FGF21, and growth was not related to FGF21. Conclusion: CH had elevated FGF21, indicating that levothyroxine may be overdosed in CH. FGF21 may be a new biomarker for optimal levothyroxine dose in CH. ER  - 
Prevalence of organic lesions in males with central precocious puberty; Background: Organic lesions in males with central precocious puberty (CPP) have been reported in 40% of cases. This high prevalence decreases (20-29%) when patients with previously diagnosed alterations of central nervous system (CNS) are excluded. Reported predictors of organic lesions are age at puberty onset, bone age, BMI, LH peak response and testosterone levels. Objective and hypotheses: To determine the prevalence and type of intracranial lesions in males with CPP and to identify clinical and biochemical predictors of brain abnormalities. Method: All males diagnosed with CPP at a tertiary pediatric center were included. Patients with known CNS alterations, genetic syndromes or known endocrine disorders were classified as having secondary CPP (sCPP); the remaining as isolated CPP (iCPP). All patients underwent hypothalamus-pituitary MRI and the findings were classified as: normal, incidentalomas or organic lesions. Results: A total of 64 boys were included in the study; iCPP was diagnosed in 78.1% of cases (50/64). The comparison between iCPP and sCPP showed that iCPP patients had higher height SDS at diagnosis (P=0.014), higher BMI SDS (P = 0.037) and lower prolactin levels (P = 0.001), probably related to the underlying diseases in sCPP patients. iCPP males showed normal MRI in 78% of cases (39/50), incidentalomas in 10% (5/50) and organic lesions in 12% (6/50). These lesions were represented by 3 microadenomas (2 of them not confirmed at a second evaluation), 2 hamartomas and 1 ganglioglioma. As microadenomas are often considered incidentalomas in pediatric population with CPP, after their exclusion the prevalence of organic lesions decreased to 6%. No predictive parameter of organic lesions was found. Radiological follow-up of the organic lesions showed no evolution after 2-years follow-up. Conclusion: In males with CPP the prevalence of organic lesions is lower than previously reported after excluding patients with known predisposing conditions. ER  - 
Frequency and risk factors of depression in type 1 diabetes in a developing country; Background: Living with type 1 diabetes especially in developing countries can feel overwhelming for parents and children because constant vigilance is required for proper care with inadequacy of resources. Objectives and hypothesis: Our aim was to investigate the frequency of depressive symptoms in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes and their association with demographic, diabetes-specific, and family-functioning risk factors. Method: The study was conducted using Epidemiologic Studies Depression Scale. 86 (42 males and 44 females) patients with type 1 diabetes from Diabetes Clinic in Alexandria University Children's Hospital, Egypt, have completed the questionnaire during 1 November to 31 December 2015. Their mean age was 11.14 ± 3.02 (Range 5.8-16.2 year). Logistic regression models were used to detect the predictors of depression. Result: In the current study 44 children (51.16%) had score >15 indicating depressive state. Children who had depression were found to have significant longer duration of diabetes (5.7 ± 2.5 year), higher mean total daily insulin dose (1.3 ± 0.44 unit/kg), HbA1c level (9.9 ± 1.7) and were less frequently treated with basal bolus insulin regimen (29.6%); P< 0.001. Univariate logistic regression model showed that older age (OR, 1.2; 95% CI, 1.2-1.39), achieving puberty (OR, 0.3; 95% CI, 0.1-0.7), lower socio-economic status (OR, 0.19; 95% CI, 0.04-0.95), having less educated mother (OR, 0.28; 95% CI, 0.08-0.96), not on basal bolus insulin regimen (OR, 5.3; 95% CI, 2.1-13.4), receiving < 3 daily injections (OR, 1.2; 95% CI, 0.27-0.55), DKA admission (one (OR, 3.6; 95% CI, 1.19-11.06), two (OR, 5.1; 95% CI, 1.2-21.4), three times (OR, 11.3; 95% CI, 1.8-122.5) were independent predictors for depression. For each one unit increase in total daily insulin dose or in HbA1c the log odds of having depression increased 5.3 and 3.3 respectively; P< 0.001. Multivariate logistic regression model adjusted for significant predictors in the univariate model showed that HgbA1c is the only significant predictor for depression with C statistics of 0.83. Conclusion: Children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes have higher frequency of depressive symptoms in a developing country. Poor glycemic control is the most significant predictor for depression in these patients. ER  - 
Combined Association of Diet and Cardiorespiratory Fitness with Metabolic Syndrome in Chinese Schoolchildren; Objective To investigate the combined impact of diet and cardiorespiratory fitness (CRF) on metabolic syndrome (MetS) among Chinese schoolchildren. Methods A cross-sectional study among 615 children (354 boys and 261 girls) aged 9.6 ± 0.6 years was conducted in Wuhan, China, from May to June 2010. Body mass index, waist circumference, CRF, blood pressure, lipids, glucose, and pubertal status were assessed. MetS was defined by the criteria proposed by De Ferranti. Based on data from a food frequency questionnaire, a diet score was created for each food item and then summed. Gender-specific median values were set as the cut-off points for the classification of high and low CRF. Results The highest prevalence of MetS (15.7 %) was observed among participants in the low tertile of diet scores and having a low level of CRF. Multivariate logistic regression showed that the odds ratio for MetS was 0.30 (95 % confidence interval 0.09-1.00) among children in the medium tertile of diet scores with low CRF, 0.24 (0.07-0.89) among those in the high tertile of diet scores with low CRF, 0.07 (0.02-0.33) among those in the low tertile of diet scores with high CRF, and 0.08 (0.01-0.58) among those in the high tertile of diet scores with medium CRF compared with those in the low tertile of diet score with low CRF. Conclusions Findings of the present study suggest that diet and CRF are synergistically associated with the risk of MetS in Chinese schoolchildren. ER  - 
Adipocytokines, leptin/adiponectin ratio and cardiovascular risk factors in Portuguese adolescents: The labmed physical activity study; Introduction: Circulating leptin and adiponectin levels have been associated with impaired vascular function, insulin resistance and acute cardiovascular events. This study aimed to evaluate the associations of leptin, adiponectin and the L/A ratio with a clustering of MRF (metabolic risk factor) in 12-18 years-old adolescents. Methods: This is a cross-sectional analysis with 529 Portuguese adolescents aged 12-18 years. Blood samples were taken to analyze total and HDL-cholesterol, triglycerides glucose, insulin, leptin and adiponectin levels. A continuous variable of clustered MRF score [sum of Z-scores of body fat percentage, systolic blood pressure, ratio total cholesterol/HDL, triglycerides, HOMA-IR and cardiorespiratory itness∗(-1)] was computed. Results: Regression analyses showed that adiponectin was signiicant and negative predictor of MRF score (boys: β = -0.199; p < 0.001; girls: β = -0.200; p < 0.001); whereas leptin was a signiicant positive predictor of MRF score (boys: β = 0.553; p < 0.001; girls: β = 0.399; p < 0.001). The L/A ratio was also a signiicant positive predictor of MRF score in both sexes (boys: β = 0.593; p < 0.001; girls: β = 0.461; p < 0.001), after adjustments for age, pubertal stage, adherence to the Mediterranean Diet and socioeconomic status. In addition, adiponectin, leptin and L/A ratio were accurate to predict MRF among adolescents, but L/A ratio showed the highest area under ROC curve. Conclusions: Leptin, adiponectin and L/A ratio are associated with the clustering of MRF in adolescents after adjustments for age, sex, pubertal stage. L/A ratio was more strongly associated with MRF score than adiponectin or leptin. ER  - 
Inverse association between circulating adiponectin levels and cardiorespiratory fitness in non-overweight and overweight Portuguese adolescents: The labmed physical activity study; Introduction: Recent studies showed that adiponectin levels are inversely associated with itness. However, to date, there is a lack of knowledge regarding the relationship between cardiorespiratory itness (CRF) and serum adiponectin levels in adolescents with different weight status. We aimed to examine the independent associations between CRF and serum adiponectin levels in adolescents, controlling for several potential confounders. Methods and results: This is a cross-sectional analysis of 529 (267 girls) Portuguese adolescents aged 12-18 years. CRF was assessed by 20 meters shuttle run test. We measured fasting glucose, insulin, HDL-cholesterol, C-reactive protein and adiponectin. Linear regression analysis showed a signiicant inverse association between adiponectin and CRF in non-overweight participants (B = -0.359; p < 0.042), after controlling the analysis for age, sex, pubertal stage, socioeconomic status, adherence to the Mediterranean diet, body fat percentage, HOMA-IR, HDL-cholesterol, C-reactive protein). Analysis of covariance showed a signiicant difference between the highest CRF Healthy zone (above healthy zone) and the Under and the Healthy CRF zones in non-overweight adolescents (p < 0.05) (F (2, 339) = 3.156, p < 0.001). Conclusions: Adiponectin circulating levels are inversely associated with CRF in non-overweight, but not in overweight adolescents. In non-overweight adolescents, those with highest levels of CRF (above healthy zone) presented lower levels of adiponectin compared to those in Under and Healthy CRF zones. ER  - 
Dietary factors associated with metabolic syndrome and its components in overweight and obese Brazilian schoolchildren: A cross-sectional study; Background: The metabolic syndrome (MS) has been assessed since childhood mainly because of the nutritional and epidemiological transition that has occurred worldwide. Our objectives were to explore the MS and its components according to anthropometric and demographic factors and to assess the relationship among MS components and dietary characteristics in overweight and obese schoolchildren. Methods: This was a cross-sectional study which included 147 schoolchildren (aged 6-10 years) from three elementary schools, with body mass index (BMI) higher than the 85th percentile. Sexual maturation stages, anthropometric measures (weight, height, skinfold thickness and waist circumference), biochemical data (glucose, HDL-C and triacylglycerol), blood pressure and dietary intake were assessed. The metabolic syndrome was diagnosed if three or more of the following components were presented: waist circumference ≥90th age and sex-specific cut-off, blood pressure ≥90th age, sex and height-specific cut-off, glucose ≥100 mg/dL, HDL-C ≥ 40 mg/dL and triacylglycerols ≥ 110 mg/dL. The dietary intake was assessed by three non-consecutive 24-h recalls. The T test, Kruskal-Wallis and multiple linear regression analysis were applied to assess MS components and dietary intake. Results: The MS percentage was 10.2 % and it was higher in obese children and ones with high body fat percentage. The waist circumference was the main altered component of MS and 62 % of overweight schoolchildren showed at least one altered component of MS. The components of metabolic syndrome associated with dietary intake were triacylglycerol (positive association with saturated and monounsaturated fat, whole-milk products and processed foods and negative associated with legumes and polyunsaturated fat), glycemia (positive association with processed foods and negative with cereals), HDL-C (positive association with vegetables and greens) and waist circumference was negative associated with protein. Conclusions: The frequency of MS was higher in obese than overweight schoolchildren and the frequency of at least one MS component was high in more than half of our subjects. The waist circumference was the most frequent among all other components. The triacylglycerol and glycemia were the most frequent MS components associated with dietary intake. Unprocessed food was considered a protective dietary factor for MS metabolic components and processed food with high percentage of sugar and saturated fat was a risk factor for MS metabolic components. ER  - 
Associations between school meal-induced dietary changes and metabolic syndrome markers in 8–11-year-old Danish children; Purpose: We recently showed that provision of Nordic school meals rich in fish, vegetables and potatoes and with reduced intakes of fat improved blood pressure, insulin resistance assessed by the homeostatic model (HOMA-IR), and plasma triacylglycerol despite increasing waist circumference in Danish 8–11-year-olds. This study explored whether intake or biomarkers of key dietary components in the schools meals were associated with these metabolic syndrome (MetS) markers during the 6-month intervention. Methods: Data from 7-day dietary records and measurements of whole-blood docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22:6n-3), blood pressure, fasting blood MetS markers, waist circumference and android/total fat mass assessed by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry collected at baseline, 3 and 6 months from 523 children were analyzed in linear mixed-effects models adjusted for puberty, growth and fasting. Results: After adjustment for multiple testing, whole-blood DHA was negatively associated with HOMA-IR (P < 0.001) and triacylglycerol (P < 0.0001). Potato intake was positively associated with waist circumference (P < 0.01), but not with android/total fat mass (P = 0.94). Intakes of whole-grain as well as dietary fiber, protein and fat were not associated with any of the MetS markers. Conclusions: DHA in whole-blood, an indicator of DHA and fish intake, seemed to be the main diet-related predictor of the beneficial effects of the school meals on MetS markers. Increased potato intake was associated with increased waist circumference, but this may not only be due to an increase in abdominal fat, as no association was seen with fat distribution. ER  - 
Association between age at menarche and cardiovascular disease risk factors in China: A large population-based investigation; Background: The association between age at menarche (AAM) and cardiovascular disease (CVD) has previously been investigated with controversial results. The relationship between the psychological characteristic of AAM and many cardiovascular risk factors remains unclear. Purpose: To assess the association between AAM and CVD risk factors in a large population. Design and Setting: 13,242 women aged 24-79 years were recruited from China mainland during 2009-2013 for a cross-sectional, population-based study to investigate the association between AAM and CVD risk factors. Information on AAM was obtained from self-report and information on CVD risk factors from physical examination. Results: In age-, body-mass-index- and height-adjusted analyses, AAM was positively associated with hypertension and 'college or above' educational level and incident CVD events. The adjusted odds ratios (ORs) and 95% condence intervals for hypertension across AAM categories (≤12, 13-14, 15-16, and ≥17 years) were 0.820 (0.70-0.96), 0.82 (0.70-0.96), 0.88 (0.79-0.99) and 1 (referent), respectively; adjusted ORs for high educational level ('college or above') were 0.29 (0.24-0.34), 0.60 (0.41-0.51), 0.69 (0.62-0.76), and 1 (referent), respectively; adjusted ORs for incident CVD events were 0.18 (0.08-0.41), 0.18 (0.08-0.41), 0.62 (0.41-0.93), 1 (referent), respectively. Conclusions: Earlier AAM were positively associated with incident CVD events, hypertension and 'college or above' educational level. ER  - 
Associations of sleep duration and quality with disinhibited eating behaviors in adolescent girls at-risk for type 2 diabetes; Objectives: Short sleep duration and daytime sleepiness have been associated with an increased risk for the onset of type 2 diabetes in adults. There has been far less attention to the characterization of sleep in adolescents at-risk for diabetes or to the possible behavioral mechanisms, such as disinhibited eating, through which sleep may affect metabolic functioning. Methods: We evaluated the associations of sleep duration and daytime sleepiness with a multi-modal assessment of disinhibited eating in 119 adolescent girls at-risk for type 2 diabetes based upon being overweight/obese and having a family history of diabetes. Girls also endorsed mild-to-moderate depressive symptoms. Adolescents reported sleep duration and daytime sleepiness with the Sleep Habits Survey and Children's Sleep Habits Questionnaire. They were administered a series of successive test meals to measure total energy intake and eating in the absence of hunger (EAH). Adolescent binge eating was assessed with the Eating Disorder Examination interview. Results: Accounting for age, race, puberty, body composition, depressive symptoms, and perceived stress, reported sleep duration was positively related to test meal total energy intake (p = 0.04), but not to EAH. Adjusting for the same covariates, daytime sleepiness was associated with a greater odds of objective binge eating in the previous month (p = 0.009). Conclusions: In adolescent girls at-risk for type 2 diabetes, reported sleep characteristics are associated with disinhibited eating behaviors that have been linked to excessive weight and adverse metabolic outcomes. Future studies are called for to evaluate these links using objective measures of sleep. ER  - 
Risk Factors for Cataracts Treated Surgically in Postmenopausal Women; Purpose To identify risk factors for cataracts treated surgically in postmenopausal women. Design Population-based, prospective cohort study. Participants A total of 1 312 051 postmenopausal women in the UK Million Women Study, aged 56 years on average (standard deviation [SD], 4.8), without previous cataract surgery, hospital admission with cataracts, or cancer at baseline, were followed for cataracts treated surgically. Methods Cox regression was used to calculate adjusted relative risks (RRs) for cataract surgery by lifestyle factors, treatment for diabetes, reproductive history, and use of hormonal therapies. Main Outcome Measures Cataract surgery identified by linkage to central National Health Service (NHS) records for inpatient and day-patient admissions (Hospital Episode Statistics for England and Scottish Morbidity Records in Scotland). Results Overall, 89 343 women underwent cataract surgery during an average of 11 (SD, 3) years of follow-up. Women with diabetes were at greatest risk (diabetes vs. no diabetes RR, 2.90; 95% confidence interval [CI], 2.82–2.97). Other factors associated with an increased risk of cataract surgery were current smoking (current smokers of ≥15 cigarettes/day vs. never smokers RR, 1.26; 95% CI, 1.23–1.30) and obesity (body mass index [BMI] ≥30 vs. <25 kg/m2; RR, 1.12; 95% CI, 1.10–1.14). Conclusions Diabetes, smoking, and obesity were risk factors for cataract surgery. Alcohol use, physical activity, reproductive history, and use of hormonal therapies had little, if any, association with cataract surgery risk. ER  - 
Alpha-1 antitrypsin therapy is safe and well tolerated in children and adolescents with recent onset type 1 diabetes mellitus; Background and objectives: Alpha-1 antitrypsin (AAT) has been shown to reduce pro-inflammatory markers and protect pancreatic islets from autoimmune responses in recent studies. Our aim was to evaluate its safety and tolerability in three different doses, in a pediatric population with recent onset type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM). Methods: A 37-wk prospective, open-label, phase I/II interventional trial, comprised of 24 recently diagnosed subjects (12 males; age 12.9 ± 2.4 yr), who received 18 infusions of 40, 60, or 80 mg/kg/dose high-purity, liquid, ready to use AAT over 28 wk (Glassia®; Kamada Ltd., Ness Ziona, Israel). Primary outcomes: safety and tolerability; secondary outcomes: glycemic control, C-peptide reserve, and autoantibody levels. Possible responders were defined as individuals with peak C-peptide that declined less than 7.5% below baseline. Results: No serious adverse events, diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA), or severe hypoglycemic episodes were reported. Adverse events were dose-independent and transient. Glycemic control parameters improved during the study in all groups, independent of dosage. Hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) decreased from 8.43 to 7.09% (mean, p < 0.001). At the end of the study, 18 subjects (75%) had a peak C-peptide ≥0.2 pmol/mL. Eight subjects (33.3%) were considered possible responders and were characterized by shorter duration of T1DM at screening (54.5 ± 34.3 vs. 95.9 ± 45.7 d, p = 0.036) and greater decrease in their HbA1c during the study period (−2.94 ± 1.55 vs.−0.95 ± 1.83%, p = 0.016). Conclusions: AAT treatment was safe and well tolerated in pediatric subjects with recently diagnosed autoimmune diabetes. Placebo-controlled studies with larger cohorts and dose range are warranted in order to assess efficacy in maintaining pancreatic beta cell reserve and glycemic control. ER  - 
Analysis of insulin pump settings in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus; Aim: To characterize current insulin pump settings used in young patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) and to assess their relationship to glycemic control. Methods: This retrospective study included patients aged <18 yr old with T1DM >1 yr using a Medtronic pump device. Pump data including number of blood glucose (BG) tests per day, basal and bolus insulin parameters, carbohydrate ratio (CR), and insulin sensitivity factors (ISFs) were averaged over 14 d for statistical analyses. Anthropometric data and recent glycosylated hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) were recorded. Results: A total of 292 patients (144 males and 148 females) were included in the study. Participants had a median age (interquartile range, IQR) of 12.9 yr (10.0–15.1 yr) and pump duration of 2.8 yr (1.5–4.2 yr). No significant differences in median HbA1c (IQR) were observed in preschool [n = 14; HbA1c 7.8% (7.3–8.3%)], prepubertal [n = 105; HbA1c 8.1% (7.7–8.9%)], and adolescent subjects [n = 173; HbA1c 8.4% (7.7–9.0%)]. Adolescents took significantly fewer boluses and BG tests per day compared with younger children (p < 0.05). Age-specific diurnal variation in basal insulin delivery was noted. Additionally, stronger carbohydrate cover and weaker corrections were used in real-life compared with theoretical 500 and 100 rules, respectively. Lower HbA1c was associated with higher number of daily boluses, greater number of BG tests per day, lower average CR/500 rule ratio, and higher average ISF/100 rule ratio adjusted for age (R2 = 0.22; p < 0.01). Conclusion: Insulin pump therapy requires continuous adjustments and glycemic targets are achieved by a minority. We believe this is the first study in pediatric cohort looking at association between CR and ISF with glycemic control. ER  - 
Vitamin d levels in children admitted to the endocrine outpatient clinic; Introduction: Vitamin D regulates calcium and phosphorus metabolism. Vitamin D deficiency results in rickets and it has been reported that vitamin D plays role in the development of autoimmune diseases, inflammatory bowel disease, rheumatoid arthritis, multiple sclerosis, diabetes, many kinds of cancer and heart diseases. Herein, we aimed to investigate the prevalence of vitamin D deficiency and associated factors by evaluating the records of the patients whose vitamin D levels [25-hydroxyvitamin D (25-OH D)] were determined in our endocrine clinic. Materials and Methods: During winter between January and April, the hospital records of children and adolescents whose age ranged from 3 to 18 years among 171 patients were investigated. Vitamin D levels higher than the 20 ng/mL were defined as normal, <12 ng/mL were defined as deficient, 12-20 ng/mL as insufficient. Results: The mean age of the patients was 11.78±4 (3-18) years. Hundred and thirty patients were in pubertal period and 41 patients were in prepubertal period. Diagnoses were type 1 diabetes in 40 patients, obesity in 47 patients and other endocrine diseases in 84 patients. Twenty three patients (13.4%) had normal vitamin D levels. In 148 patients (86.6%), 25-OH D levels were <20 ng/mL. Eighty eight (51.5%) of these patients had vitamin D deficiency and 60 (35.1%) patients were found to have vitamin D insufficiency. 25-OH D levels were lower in girls than in boys and lower in pubertal children than in prepubertal children (p<0.01; p<0.05), respectively. Vitamin D levels in diabetics and in the obese were lower than the other disease groups (in both p<0.01). Conclusions: Children and adolescents with endocrine diseases have a relatively high frequency of vitamin D deficiency during winter. These findings suggest that vitamin D prophylaxis programs should be applied not only to the previously identified risk groups but also to all children and adolescents with chronic diseases. ER  - 
Rare EN1 Variants and Pediatric Bone Mass; A recent whole-genome sequencing study in search of variation associated with adult areal bone mineral density (aBMD) identified rare variants near EN1, with markedly large effect sizes, and a common variant near SOX6. To understand the developmental effects of these loci, we sought to determine if they were associated with pediatric dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry–derived aBMD and bone mineral content (BMC) and if the associations were modified by sex. Our sample comprised 733 females and 685 males of European ancestry enrolled in the longitudinal Bone Mineral Density in Childhood Study (up to 7 annual study visits). Sex- and age-specific Z-scores, adjusted for height, were calculated for the total hip, femoral neck, spine, and distal radius. Total body less head (TBLH) BMC Z-scores were also calculated. The previously reported single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) near EN1 and SOX6 were derived from our imputed data set. Linear mixed-effects models were used to test associations between each SNP and bone Z-scores, plus interactions with sex were explored. The rare T allele of lead EN1 SNP rs11692564 was associated with higher aBMD Z-score for total hip (beta = 0.62, p = 9.0 × 10−4) and femoral neck (beta = 0.53, p = 0.010). In sex-stratified analyses, this variant was associated with higher bone Z-scores in females only, with the associations being strongest for total hip (sex interaction p = 1.9 × 10−4; beta females = 0.86, p = 6.6 × 10−6) and femoral neck (sex interaction p = 0.016; beta females = 0.73, p = 0.001). The common G allele of SOX6 SNP rs11024028 was associated with higher aBMD Z-score for total hip (beta = 0.12, p = 0.009), femoral neck (beta = 0.13, p = 0.003), and TBLH-BMC (beta = 0.09, p = 0.007); furthermore, this association strengthened in males in the sex-stratified analyses. Our findings reveal that rare genetic variation near EN1 and common variation near SOX6 operates in childhood and has implications for the lifelong risk of osteoporosis and fracture. The sex differences observed need to be independently replicated. © 2016 American Society for Bone and Mineral Research. ER  - 
Effect of slow wave sleep disruption on metabolic parameters in adolescents; Study Objectives: Cross-sectional studies report a correlation between slow wave sleep (SWS) duration and insulin sensitivity (SI) in children and adults. Suppression of SWS causes insulin resistance in adults but effects in children are unknown. This study was designed to determine the effect of SWS fragmentation on SI in children. Methods: Fourteen pubertal children (11.3-14.1 y, body mass index 29th to 97th percentile) were randomized to sleep studies and mixed meal (MM) tolerance tests with and without SWS disruption. Beta-cell responsiveness (φ) and SI were determined using oral minimal modeling. Results: During the disruption night, auditory stimuli (68.1 ± 10.7/night; mean ± standard error) decreased SWS by 40.0 ± 8.0%. SWS fragmentation did not affect fasting glucose (non-disrupted 76.9 ± 2.3 versus disrupted 80.6 ± 2.1 mg/dL), insulin (9.2 ± 1.6 versus 10.4 ± 2.0 μIU/mL), or C-peptide (1.9 ± 0.2 versus 1.9 ± 0.1 ng/mL) levels and did not impair SI (12.9 ± 2.3 versus 10.1 ± 1.6 10-4 dL/kg/min per μIU/mL) or φ (73.4 ± 7.8 versus 74.4 ± 8.4 10-9 min-1) to a MM challenge. Only the subjects in the most insulin-sensitive tertile demonstrated a consistent decrease in SI after SWS disruption. Conclusion: Pubertal children across a range of body mass indices may be resistant to the adverse metabolic effects of acute SWS disruption. Only those subjects with high SI (i.e., having the greatest "metabolic reserve") demonstrated a consistent decrease in SI. These results suggest that adolescents may have a unique ability to adapt to metabolic stressors, such as acute SWS disruption, to maintain euglycemia. Additional studies are necessary to confirm that this resiliency is maintained in settings of chronic SWS disruption. ER  - 
Familial aggregation of metabolic syndrome with different socio-behavioral characteristics: The fourth phase of Tehran lipid and glucose study; Background: Since genetic and most environmental factors shape the context of families, some studies have been initiated to investigate the role of familial relationships in metabolic syndrome (MetS). Objectives: To estimate the familial aggregation of MetS and its components by identifying both case and control probands among Tehranian adults with different socio-behavioral and reproductive characteristics. Patients and Methods: This case-controlled/family-based study was conducted on 1,777 families (635 case probands) who participated in the Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study (TLGS). Socio-demographic and reproductive information including levels of education, marital status, occupation status, age at menarche, number of abortions, number of children, and lifestyle habits such as smoking, physical activity and regular diet were obtained from the TLGS data bank. Metabolic syndrome was defined according to the joint interim statement (JIS) criteria. To estimate the regression co-efficient for familial aggregation and environmental factors, the generalized estimation equation method was used. Results: The risk of having MetS among family members for case versus control probands was 2.19 (95% CI: 1.68 - 2.84), which, after adjusting for potential confounders including age, sex, educational level, marital status, occupation, age at menarche and energy, soft drink and starchy vegetable intake, increased to 2.31 (95% CI: 1.81 - 2.94; P < 0.05). Compared to control probands, the risk of having MetS components increased significantly from OR = 1.28 for both high waist circumference (WC) and blood pressure (BP) to OR = 1.72 for high triglycerides in cases. Familial aggregation inherited from the father was significantly observed in all MetS components, from adjusted OR = 1.63 for hyperglycemia to adjusted OR = 2.69 for high WC, except for low HDL, after controlling for potential confounders. Conclusions: Considering spouses and siblings, there was a higher risk for MetS components among families whose fathers and offspring had MetS components, implying the pivotal role of genetic inheritance in the incidence of the syndrome and its components. ER  - 
Ghrelin, insulin-like growth factor i and adipocytokines concentrations in born small for gestational age prepubertal children after the catch-up growth; In children born small for gestational age (SGA) with catch-up growth, a higher risk of insulin resistance (IR) and cardiovascular diseases is noted. Ghrelin stimulates a growth hormone (GH) secretion and regulates lipid and carbohydrate metabolism. We assessed gherlin's influence on achieving normal height and the occurrence of metabolic complications in SGA children. Ghrelin, insulin-like growth factor type I (IGF-I), leptin, adiponectin, resistin, glucose, insulin and lipid concentrations were analysed in 134 prepubertal children in four groups: normal-height SGA, short SGA, normal-height born appropriate for gestational age (AGA) and short AGA. Ghrelin and IGF-I concentrations were significantly higher while adiponectin-lower in normal-height SGA comparing to others. The increased production of ghrelin and IGF-I seems to be an adaptive mechanism to achieve normal growth in SGA children. The significance of high ghrelin and low adiponectin concentrations, observed in normal-height prepubertal SGA children, requires elucidation, with reference to the development of metabolic complications. ER  - 
Which amount of BMI-SDS reduction is necessary to improve cardiovascular risk factors in overweight children?; Context: Knowing the changes of cardiovascular risk factors (CRFs) in relation to weight loss would be helpful to advise overweight children and their parents and to decide whether drugs should be prescribed in addition to lifestyle intervention. Objective: The objective of the study was to determine the body mass index (BMI)-SD score (SDS) reduction to improve CRFs in overweight children. Design: This was a prospective observation study. Setting: The study was conducted at a specialized outpatient obesity clinic. Patients: A total of 1388 overweight children (mean BMI 27.9 ± 0.1 kg/m2, mean age 11.4 ± 0.1 y, 43.8% male, 45.5% prepubertal) participated in the study. Intervention: The study included a 1-year lifestyle intervention. Main Outcome Measures: We studied changes of blood pressure (BP), fasting high-density lipoprotein-and low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol, triglycerides, glucose, and homeostasis model assessment (HOMA) of insulin resistance index. Change of weight status was determined by δBMISDS based on the recommended percentiles of the International Task Force of Obesity. Results: BMI-SDS change was associated with a significant improvement of all CRFs except fasting glucose and low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol after adjusting for multiple confounders such as baseline CRFs, age, gender, BMI, pubertal stage, and its changes. BMI-SDS reduction of 0.25-0.5 was related to a decrease of systolic blood pressure (BP) (-3.2 ± 1.4 mm Hg), diastolic BP (-2.2 ± 1.1 mm Hg), triglycerides (-6.9 ± 5.8 mg/dL), HOMA (-0.5 ± 0.3), and triglyceride/high-density lipoprotein)-cholesterol (-0.3 ± 0.2), whereas high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol increased (-1.3 ± 1.2 mg/dL). A reduction of greater than 0.5 BMI-SDS led to more pronounced improvement (systolic BP -6.0± 1.3 mm Hg, diastolic BP -5.1 ± 1.3 mm Hg, triglycerides -16.4 ± 7.1 mg/dL, HDL-cholesterol +1.6 ± 1.5 mg/dL, HOMA -0.9 ± 0.3). Per 0.1 BMI-SDS reduction in systolic BP (-1.0mmHg), diastolic BP (-0.8mmHg), triglycerides (-2.3 mg/dL), HOMA(-0.2), and triglyceride/HDL-cholesterol (-0.5) decreased significantly, whereas HDL-cholesterol (0.2 mg/dL) increased significantly in linear regression analyses and accounted for multiple confounders. Conclusions: A BMI-SDS reduction of 0.25 or greater significantly improved hypertension, hypertriglyceridemia, and low HDL-cholesterol, whereas a BMI-SDS greater than 0.5 doubled the effect. ER  - 
Prospective relevance of habitual flavonoid intake from fruit and vegetables during puberty for risk markers of type 2 diabetes in adulthood; Background Flavonoids may be responsible for some of the preventive effects of a diet rich in fruit and vegetables on type 2 diabetes. Ideally, flavonoid intake estimation should combine dietary instruments and a validated exposition biomarker so as to avoid exclusive reliance on self-reports and flavonoid content databases. This study aimed to investigate the prospective association of flavonoid intake from fruit and vegetables (FlavFV) during puberty-estimated on dietary and biomarker level-with diverse risk markers of type 2 diabetes in young adulthood. Methods The analysis used data from healthy participants of the DONALD Study with a fasting blood sample in adulthood (18-39 y) including measurements of the following type 2 diabetes risk markers: updated homeostasis model assessment insulin sensitivity (HOMA2-% S), alanine aminotransferase (ALT), γ-glutamyltransferase (GGT), and adiponectin. Habitual FlavFV intake during puberty (females: 9-15 y, males: 10-16 y) was estimated on the dietary level using a minimum of two weighted 3-d dietary records (n = 256 for HOMA2- %S and adiponectin, n = 275 for ALT and GGT) and on the exposition biomarker level using urinary hippuric acid (HA) from at least two 24-h urine samples (n = 235 for HOMA2- % S, n = 234 for adiponectin, and n = 247 for ALT and GGT; with a balanced sex ratio across all samples). Sex-stratified multivariable linear regression models adjusted for potential confounding by age at blood measurement, BMI-SD scores (BMI-SDS), body surface area or energy intake and other dietary factors at baseline, as well as early life factors, socioeconomic factors and parental disease history (diabetes, steatosis). Results A higher habitual intake of FlavFV during puberty was independently related to higher adult HOMA2- %S in females (p = 0.032). A similar trend was found using the urinary biomarker HA (p = 0.087). Also in females, a higher urinary HA excretion but not FlavFV tended to be related to higher adult adiponectin levels (p = 0.096). No associations with HOMA2- % S or adiponectin were found in males (p>0.2). For males, independent inverse associations of pubertal flavonoid intake and adult liver enzyme levels were found on both dietary and biomarker level: GGT (p = 0.020 for FlavFV and 0.023 for HA) and ALT (p = 0.027 for FlavFV and 0.030 for HA). No associations with liver enzyme levels were found in females (p>0.4). Conclusion Our data suggest a beneficial effect of a higher habitual flavonoid intake from fruit and vegetables during puberty for risk markers of type 2 diabetes in adulthood in a sex-specific manner: with benefits for insulin-sensitivity among females and for liver enzymes among males. ER  - 
Cross-sectional and longitudinal clustering of metabolic outcome-real-life data analysis based on 8,370 patients with type 1 diabetes; Background In large cohort studies, it is often of interest to divide the cohort into subgroups of subjects with comparable characteristics. Mostly, subgroups are based on specific pre-defined variable cut-offs, while subgroup definition using clustering techniques is less common. However, in the context of disease heterogeneity and a personalized treatment approach, identification of subgroups with similar developmental trajectories over time gets more popular. This analysis aims to cluster patients with type 1 diabetes (T1D) based on HbA1c, one of the most important quality indicators in T1D therapy. In particular, changes of HbA1c during puberty are of interest. Results from both cross-sectional and longitudinal cluster techniques are compared against the background of clinical interpretability. Methods N = 8,370 patients from the German/Austrian multicenter diabetes registry DPV were analyzed using SAS 9.4 (T1D duration >2 years, HbA1c aggregated per year of life, follow-up from 10 to 18 years with mandatory HbA1c values at the age of 10/15 years and values in at least another three years). Two cross-sectional cluster techniques, K-means (PROC FASTCLUS) and hierarchical agglomerative clustering (PROC CLUSTER), were used. Cluster variables were HbA1c at the age of 10 years (pediatric baseline value) and relative change in HbA1c at the age of 15 years (puberty). In addition, latent class growth analysis (LCGA, PROC TRAJ [1])-a longitudinal method based on structural equation modeling (SEM) [2]-was applied. LCGA was based on HbA1c follow-up from the age of 10 to 18 years. Comparison of patient characteristics between subgroups was performed using multinomial logistic regression models. Results Based on clinical interpretability, a number of six clusters was predefined for the K-means analysis. The six-cluster solution (R2 = 0.90) revealed cluster sizes between 156 (2 %) and 2472 (30 %) patients. Clusters significantly differed in age at T1D onset, migration background, body height, physical activity, and intensity of diabetes self-management (all p<0.05). The six-cluster solution of the hierarchical agglomerative clustering with average linkage as clustering method (R2 = 0.61) led to two clusters consisting of only one and seven patients, respectively. The largest cluster contained 7052 (84 %) patients. In LCGA, BIC-based model selection revealed an optimal number of six clusters using a predefined range from two to six clusters. The smallest/largest cluster included 298 (3 %)/3143 (36 %) patients. Both K-means and LCGA detected a cluster of patients with stable-low HbA1c over time. Patients with high baseline HbA1c were split into groups with stable (12 % of all patients) or deteriorating (4 %) metabolic control by the LCGA, but not by the K-means or hierarchical cluster analysis. Conclusion Both simple and more complicated SEM-based cluster methods exist to define subgroups within a cohort. While the K-means analysis used baseline HbA1c and the change in HbA1c at the age of 15 years only, LCGA clustered patients based on a 9-year follow-up of HbA1c values and thus seems preferable. Both methods can be extended to include further variables. Hierarchical clustering may require preliminary clustering (e.g. K-means) in large data sets. All three methods have to deal with statistically optimal versus clinically interpretable solutions. ER  - 
High prevalence of cardiovascular autonomic neuropathy in young patients with congenital generalised lipodystrophy (Berardinelli-Seip Syndrome); Background and aims: Metabolic abnormalities observed in patients with Congenital Generalized Lipodystrophy (CGL) can be accompanied by cardiovascular autonomic neuropathy (CAN). The aim of this study was to evaluate the prevalence of CAN in patients with CGL. Materials and methods: It was a cross sectional study comparing 10 patients with CGL, 20 patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus (DM1) and 20 healthy controls. We evaluated clinical and laboratory data, 3 spectral analysis components - high frequency (HF), low frequency (LF), and very low frequency (VLF) - of heart rate variability (HRV), sympathetic-vagal balance, time domains of HRV, corrected QT interval (cQT), and 4 cardiovascular reflexes tests (postural hypotension test, orthostatic, respiratory, and valsalva coefficients - 2 abnormal tests: clinic CAN, 1 abnormal test: incipient CAN, and postural hypotension: advanced CAN). Results: There was no difference in age, sex, BMI, and pubertal stage between groups. Seven patients (70%) with CGL had diabetes. There was no difference in the duration of diabetes and A1c between CGL and DM1 patients. It was observed significant involvement of autonomic modulation, higher baseline HR, BP, and cQT interval in patients with CGL. Prevalence of clinic CAN was 40% in CGL group vs 5% in DM1 group (p=0,031), and incipient CAN was 10% in CGL group vs 25% in DM1 group (p=0,633). One patient (10%) with CGL presented advanced CAN. All tests were normal in the control group. Prevalence of cQT prolongation was 50% in CGL vs 25% in DM1 group (p=0,231) vs 5% in control group (p=0,009). In the CGL group, there was inverse correlation between orthostatic coefficient and triglycerides (r= -0,778; p= 0,008), respiratory coefficient and diastolic BP (r= -0,827; p=0,003), LF and triglycerides (r= -0,648; p= 0,043), HF and HOMA-IR (r= -0,648; p= 0,043); and positive correlation between LF/HF ratio and HOMA-IR (r=0,673; p= 0,033), and insulin (r=0,714; p=0,047). Conclusion: These findings demonstrate high prevalence of CAN in young patientswith CGL, some of thempresenting themost severe forms. These data allow us to speculate that insulin resistance has early involvement in the pathogenesis of CAN, irrespective of the onset of hyperglycemia. (table present). ER  - 
Wrist circumference is associated with systolic blood pressure in a population of overweight/obese children and adolescents; Background and aims: Insulin resistance, according tomany pathophysiological models is one of the most important cardiovascular (CV) risk factors. In a previous study, we demonstrated that the wrist circumference is a clinical marker for insulin-resistance in overweight/obese children and adolescents. Hypertension is another relevant cardiovascular risk factor and obesity is one of its major determinants in children. Various indexes of obesity, such as body mass index (BMI), waist circumference (WC), waist-to-hip ratio and neck circumference, are associated with a high risk of hypertension. The aim of the present study was to investigate a possible association between the wrist circumference and systolic (S) and diastolic (D) blood pressure (BP) in a population of overweight/obese children and adolescents. Materials and methods: N=1133 overweight/obese children and adolescents (580 boys and 553 girls) were consecutively enrolled. In all children and adolescents, body weight, height, SBP, DBP,wrist circumference, SDS-BMI, fasting glucose, fasting insulin levels, and lipid profiles were evaluated at entry. Insulin resistance was estimated according to the homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). Subjects were evaluated by a doctor for the pubertal stages. Shapiro-Wilk test was used to verify the normality of distribution of continuous variables. The dependent variables for this study were SBP and diastolic DBP; independent variables were SDS-BMI and wrist circumference adjusted for Tanner stage. Multivariate linear regression analyses were used to investigate the influence of independent variables on the variance of blood pressure. All analyses were performed using Statistical Analysis Software (SAS v.9.3). Results: The frequency of hypertension was 22.6% in males and 28.2% in females (p=0.048). Results of the multivariate regression analysis performed in the 1133 children and adolescents stratified according to gender, using wrist circumference and SDS-BMI as independent variable and blood pressure as the dependent variables showed that SBP was significantly associated with wrist circumference and SDS-BMI both in males and females (p≤0.04 for both comparison). We found no association between DBP and wrist circumference in both gender. Wrist circumference and SDS-BMI together explained 21% of the variance of SBP in males and 18% in females. To evaluate the contribution of wrist circumference and SDS-BMI, respectively, to explained variance (R2) of SBP index, we used the backward method. The total variance of SBP was explained by wrist circumference for 17% and by SDS-BMI for 2.7% in males; and by wrist circumference for 14% and SDS-BMI 1% in females. Conclusion: The wrist circumference in overweight/obese children and adolescents is correlated with SBP, confirming that this bone anthropometric marker could be useful for the prediction of cardiovascular risk being correlated with insulin resistance and its deleterious effects. ER  - 
Gender differences in insulin resistance during adolescence: A longitudinal study (EarlyBird); Background and aims: The risk of type 2 diabetes is increasing significantly in teenage girls and this may be explained by their greater insulin resistance (IR). Cross-sectional studies reveal that IR is higher in prepubertal girls than boys, although adultmales have higher IR and diabetes risk. Longitudinal studies into this gender difference (GD) are scarce. Our hypothesis was that the intrinsic gender difference in IR would persist from childhood through adolescence. Materials and methods: Longitudinal cohort of 292 children (147 boys) studied annually from 9-16y (EarlyBird Study). Measures: IR (Homeostasis model assessment-2), % body fat (dual energy x-ray absorptiometry), pubertal stage (age at peak height velocity; APHV), physical activity (accelerometry). Cross-sectional univariate analyses and multi-level modelling were used to establish influence of covariates and age-related trends in IR. Results: Unadjusted age-related trends in IR are shown in Fig 1a. Girls were 21-63% more insulin resistant than boys between 9 and 15y (mean IR in boys ranged from 0.51 (CI 0.47-0.57) to 0.89 (0.81-0.98), girls from 0.73 (0.66-0.80) to 1.33 (1.20-1.47), p<0.005). At 16y the GD was not significant (boys 0.56 (0.49-0.64), girls 0.60 (0.53-0.69), p=0.45). Girls had greater % fat than boys at each age (p<0.001) and earlier APHV (11.6y v 13.3y, p<0.001) while the boys were significantly more active than girls throughout (p<0.001). Adjusting for each covariate separately attenuated the GDin IR significantly,with%fat having the greatest effect. In the final model (Fig 1b), adjusted for all covariates, there was no significant GD in IR from 9-15y: IR boys ranged from 0.65 (0.57-0.74) to 1.04 (0.91-1.18) and girls from 0.66 (0.59-0.75) to 1.01 (0.89-1.15), p>0.07). At 16y, boys were 30% more insulin resistant than girls (boys 0.63 (0.56-0.72), girls 0.44 (0.38-0.51), p=0.001). Conclusion: The adolescent gender difference in IR is predominantly explained by adiposity, with smaller effects of pubertal timing and activity, thus we reject our hypothesis. A divergence occurred around the age of 16 years whenmales becamemore insulin resistant than females. These findingsmay explain the changing female tomale predisposition to type 2 diabetes between childhood and adulthood. (table present). ER  - 
Wrist circumference is associated with left ventricular dysfunction in obese children; Background and aims: In an attempt to identify an easy-to-detect clinical marker of insulin resistance in obese children we have previously demonstrated, by Nuclear Magnetic Resonance Imaging, an association between the circumference of the wrist, in particular its bone component, and insulin levels and homeostasismodel assessment of insulin resistance. In the light of evidence that insulin resistance in childhood is associated with increased left ventricular mass, the aim of the present study was to assess the association of the wrist circumference with structural and functional changes of the left ventricle parameters in a population of obese children and adolescents. Materials and methods: One hundred and six (55 male and 51 female, mean age 9.8±2.9 years) obese children and adolescents were consecutively enrolled. In all subjects body weight, height, wrist circumference, waist circumference and BMIz-score, fasting glucose, fasting insulin and lipid profiles were evaluated at entry. All subjects underwent echocardiographic assessment and the following parameters were evaluated: LV dimension at end diastole (LVDd) and systole (LVDs), LV posterior wall thickness at end diastole (LVPWd), and systole (LVPWs), interventricular septal thickness at end diastole (IVSd),and systole (IVSs) and epicardial adipose tissue (EAT). LVejection fraction (LVEF), LV fractional shortening (LVFS) and LV mass were obtained according to the American Society of Echocardiography. Regarding LV function were evaluated: early (E) and late (A) mitral velocity; E-to-A ratio. TDI echocardiography of the septal and lateral mitral anulus was used to measure the early (e') and late (a') anular diastolic and systolic (s') tissue velocities. E-to-e' and e'-to-a' ratios were also calculated. Statistical analysis was performed using SAS v.9.4. Results: Wrist circumference correlated with all parameters of left ventricular dimensions (LVDd, LVPWd, IVSd, LVDs, LVPWs and IVSs), LV mass and EAT (p<0.0001 for all comparisons). The strongest correlations were observed between wrist circumference and LVDd and LVDs (r=0.73 and r=0.68 respectively). Regarding LV function, we did not observe any statistical significant correlations except for an inversely correlation between wrist circumference and E peak (r=-0.26, p<0.01). Results of the multivariate regression analysis adjusted for gender and tanner stage, using left ventricular dimensions as the dependent variables, showed that wrist circumference explained 40% of the variance of LV mass, 53% of LVDd and 45% of LVDs (p<0.001 for all variables) Moreover, wrist circumference was also a significant contributor to the variance of EAT (beta=0.07 ± 0.02, p<0.0001) explaining the 16% of its variance. In relation to parameters of LV function, we observed that the only significant association was between wrist circumference and early E peak. In particular wrist circumference explained the 7% of the variance of E peak and showed an inverse association (beta=- 3.08 ± 1.28, p=0.02). Conclusion: The results of the present study suggest that wrist circumference could be used as a marker of cardiovascular risk in obese children and adolescents, opening new perspectives in the prediction of cardiovascular diseases. ER  - 
High Prepubertal Leptin Levels Are Associated With Earlier Menarcheal Age; Purpose Given the interplay between metabolic status and the reproductive system, factors governing energy homeostasis could influence the timing of pubertal onset. The aim of this longitudinal study was to determine the influence of metabolic peptides associated to adiposity on menarcheal age. Methods The sample population included 168 girls. Anthropometric and biochemical variables were measured at a prepubertal baseline (6–8 years old) and 7 years later. Leptin and adiponectin levels were determined by Enzyme-Linked ImmunoSorbent Assay, insulin by radioimmunoassay and ghrelin by a multiplexed bead immunoassay. Results Adjusted for body mass index, Spearman correlation analysis revealed a significant negative association between prepubertal leptin levels and menarche. The highest prepubertal leptin levels were observed in overweight girls with the earliest menarche. Menarcheal age was significantly associated with variation of adiponectin levels between both baseline and follow-up. Multiple regression analysis showed that prepubertal leptin was the only significant contributing factor, predicting 15.3% of variation in menarcheal age. Conclusions High leptin levels in prepubertal girls are associated with earlier menarcheal age, independent of body mass index. However, the relationship of ghrelin, insulin, or adiponectin levels with menarcheal age is not evident in our population. ER  - 
Endometrial cancer risk factors among Lynch syndrome women: A retrospective cohort study; Background: Lynch syndrome (LS) is associated with a significant lifetime risk of endometrial cancer (EC). There are limited data on factors modifying the EC risk in LS patients. Methods: The study cohort included 136 LS mutation-positive women. Exposure data were collected by postal questionnaires. Cox regression model was used to estimate the associations between lifestyle, hormonal, reproductive and medical factors and the risk of EC. Results: Increased EC risk was associated with type II diabetes and hypercholesterolaemia in univariable (HR 3.21, (95% CI 1.34-7.78), P=0.009 and HR 2.08, (95% CI 1.11-3.90), P=0.02; respectively) and with diabetes and duration of hormone replacement therapy (HRT) in multivariable analysis (HR 4.18 (95% CI 1.52-11.52), P=0.006 and HR 1.07 (95% CI 1.02-1.13), P=0.010; respectively). Conclusions: Prevention of diabetes and avoiding long-duration HRT are potential targets for reduction of EC risk in women with LS. ER  - 
Evaluation of differential effects of metformin treatment in obese children according to pubertal stage and genetic variations: Study protocol for a randomized controlled trial; Background: Overweight and obesity are considered to be serious public health problems. In pediatric populations, insulin resistance, dyslipidemia, and hypertension associated with obesity occur with increased frequencies. Metformin is an oral anti-hyperglycemic agent that has been demonstrated to be efficacious in the treatment of diabetic and non-diabetic obese adults. A considerable amount of pharmacogenetic research has demonstrated that genetic variation is one of the major factors affecting metformin response. Additionally, potential microbiota-mediated mechanisms of metformin effect have been recently described. However, scant work has been conducted in children, with no attention being paid to the potential effects of pubertal development. Thus, the main objective of the present study is to evaluate the effect of metformin treatment together with lifestyle recommendations in a randomized control trial (RCT) of obese children according to pubertal stage, genetic variants and signature of gut microbiota. Methods/design: This is a randomized, prospective, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multicenter trial, which is stratified by puberty and sex. Eighty pre-pubertal (40 boys and 40 girls) and 80 pubertal non-diabetic obese children (40 boys and 40 girls) are being recruited in four Spanish Clinical Hospitals. The inclusion criteria to participate in the RCT include a Body Mass Index (BMI) above the 95th percentile and age 7-14 years. The pubertal stage is determined based on the Tanner criteria. Participants are assigned to two groups in accordance with a randomization schedule and receive 1 g of metformin or placebo for six months in combination with healthy lifestyle recommendations in both groups. The primary outcomes include changes in the BMI Z score and the biomarkers associated with the early appearance of insulin resistance syndrome, inflammation, cardiovascular risk according of the presence of genetic determinants of metformin response, as well as possible modifications in microbiota. Discussion: This study will assess the differential response of metformin treatment at six months in pre-pubertal and pubertal obese children. Trial registration: Registered by European Clinical Trials Database (EudraCT, ID: 2010-023061-21) on 14 November 2011. ER  - 
Genetic evidence for natural selection in humans in the contemporary United States; Recent findings from molecular genetics now make it possible to test directly for natural selection by analyzing whether genetic variants associated with various phenotypes have been under selection. I leverage these findings to construct polygenic scores that use individuals' genotypes to predict their body mass index, educational attainment (EA), glucose concentration, height, schizophrenia, total cholesterol, and (in females) age at menarche. I then examine associations between these scores and fitness to test whether natural selection has been occurring. My study sample includes individuals of European ancestry born between 1931 and 1953 who participated in the Health and Retirement Study, a representative study of the US population. My results imply that natural selection has been slowly favoring lower EA in both females and males, and are suggestive that natural selection may have favored a higher age at menarche in females. For EA, my estimates imply a rate of selection of about -1.5 mo of education per generation (which pales in comparison with the increases in EA observed in contemporary times). Although they cannot be projected over more than one generation, my results provide additional evidence that humans are still evolving - albeit slowly, especially compared with the rapid changes that have occurred over the past few generations due to cultural and environmental factors. ER  - 
Observation of phenotypic variation among Indian women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) from Delhi and Srinagar; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a heterogeneous disorder that demonstrates ethnic and regional differences. To assess the phenotypic variability among Indian PCOS women, we evaluated clinical, biochemical and hormonal parameters of these women being followed in two tertiary care institutions located in Delhi and Srinagar. A total of 299 (210 PCOS diagnosed by Rotterdam 2003 criteria and 89 healthy) women underwent estimation of T4, TSH, LH, FSH, total testosterone, prolactin, cortisol, 17OHP, and lipid profile, in addition to post OGTT, C-peptide, insulin, and glucose measurements. Among women with PCOS, mean age, age of menarche, height, systolic, diastolic blood pressure, and serum LH were comparable. PCOS women from Delhi had significantly higher BMI (26.99 ± 5.38 versus 24.77 ± 4.32 kg/m2; P = 0.01), glucose intolerance (36 versus 10%), insulin resistance as measured by HOMA-IR (4.20 ± 3.39 versus 3.01 ± 2.6; P = 0.006) and QUICKI (0.140 ± 0.013 versus 0.147 ± 0.015; P = 0.03) while PCOS from Srinagar had higher FG score (12.12 ± 3.91 versus 10.32 ± 2.22; P = 0.01) and serum total testosterone levels (0.65 ± 0.69 versus 0.86 ± 0.41 ng/ml; P = 0.01. Two clear phenotypes, i.e. obese hyperinsulinaemic dysglycemic women from Delhi and lean hyperandrogenic women from Srinagar are emerging. This is the first report on North Indian women with PCOS showing phenotypic differences in clinical, biochemical and hormonal parameters despite being in the same region. ER  - 
Weight gain in Turner Syndrome: Association to puberty induction? - Longitudinal analysis of KIGS data; Context Girls with Turner Syndrome (TS) treated or not treated with growth hormone (GH) are prone to overweight. Therefore, we hypothesize that puberty induction in TS is associated with weight gain. Methods We analyzed weight changes (BMI-SDS) between onset of GH treatment and near adult height (NAH) in 887 girls with TS enrolled in KIGS (Pfizer International Growth Database). Puberty was induced with estrogens in 646 (72·8%) girls with TS. Results Weight status did not change significantly between GH treatment start and 1 year later (mean difference -0·02 BMI-SDS), but increased significantly (P < 0·001) until NAH (+0·40 BMI-SDS). The BMI-SDS increased +0·21 until start of puberty (P < 0·001). Girls with spontaneous and induced puberty showed similar BMI-SDS changes. Puberty induction at ≥12 years was associated with a significant (P < 0·001) less increase of BMI-SDS (+0·7 BMI-SDS) between baseline and NAH compared to puberty induction at <12 year (+1·0 BMI-SDS). In multiple linear regression analyses changes of BMI-SDS between baseline and NAH were negatively associated with baseline BMI-SDS (P < 0·001), GH doses (P = 0·015), and age at puberty induction (P < 0·001), positively with years on GH treatment (P = 0·004), while duration and dose of estrogens, its route of administration (transdermal/oral), changes of height-SDS, thyroxin and oxandrolone treatment, and karyotype did not correlate significantly to changes of BMI-SDS in this time period. Conclusions Puberty does not seem to play a major role in weight gain in girls with TS since the majority of the increases in BMI-SDS occurred before puberty. However, late puberty induction seems to decrease the risk of weight gain. ER  - 
MRI-based evaluation of the factors leading to pituitary iron overload in patients with thalassemia major; Aim: Given the lack of studies evaluating pituitary iron overload in patients with thalassemia major, we used magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) to evaluate these patients and the factors affecting the disease process. Materials and methods: The 84 patients with β-thalassemia major who were included in this study were referred to our clinic for cardiac and hepatic T2* MRI. T2*-weighted images of the pituitary gland, heart, and liver were obtained using a 1.5-tesla MRI unit and a multi-echo gradient-echo sequence. Associations between pituitary T2*, cardiac T2*, hepatic T2*, pituitary height, serum ferritin (SF) level, patient age, and other demographic findings were assessed. Results: Pituitary T2* values correlated with hepatic T2* values, cardiac T2* values, SF level, and patient age (P ≤ 0.001, 0.001, 0.001, 0.01, respectively) but not with pituitary height (P = 0.76). Pituitary and cardiac T2* values were lower in the subset of patients who underwent splenectomy (P = 0.046 and P = 0.002, respectively). Conclusion: Pituitary iron overload rapidly increases during puberty and in this study correlated with cardiac and hepatic T2* values, patient age, SF level, and liver size, but not with the height of the pituitary. Pituitary iron overload also increases following splenectomy. Together, these findings indicate that numerous factors contribute to pituitary iron overload. ER  - 
Greater diet quality is associated with more optimal glycemic control in a longitudinal study of youth with type 1 diabetes; Background: Despite the centrality of nutrition in the management of type 1 diabetes, the association of diet quality and macronutrient distribution with glycemic control is ambiguous. Objective: This study examined longitudinally the association of dietary intake with multiple indicators of glycemic control in youth with type 1 diabetes participating in a behavioral nutrition intervention study. Design: Participants in a randomized clinical trial of a behavioral nutrition intervention [n = 136; mean ± SD age: 12.8 ± 2.6 y; glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c): 8.1% ± 1.0%; 69.1% using an insulin pump] completed 3-d diet records at baseline and months 3, 6, 9, 12, and 18; masked continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) data were obtained concurrently with the use of the Medtronic iPro CGM system. HbA1c was obtained every 3 mo; 1,5-anhydroglucitol was obtained every 6 mo. Linear mixed-effects regression models estimated associations of time-varying dietary intake variables with time-varying glycemic control indicators, controlling for age, height, weight, sex, Tanner stage, diabetes duration, regimen, frequency of blood glucose monitoring, physical activity, and treatment assignment. Results: HbA1c was associated inversely with carbohydrate and natural sugar, and positively with protein and unsaturated fat. 1,5-Anhydroglucitol was associated positively with fiber intake and natural sugar. Greater glycemic control as indicated by ≥1 CGM variable was associated with higher Healthy Eating Index-2005, whole plant food density, fiber, carbohydrate, and natural sugar and lower glycemic index and unsaturated fat. Conclusions: Both overall diet quality and macronutrient distribution were associated with more optimal glycemic control. Associations were more consistent for CGM variables obtained concurrently with dietary intake than for biomarkers of longer-term glycemic control. These findings suggest that glycemic control may be improved by increasing intake of high-fiber, low glycemic-index, carbohydrate-containing foods. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00999375. ER  - 
Relationship between HOMA-IR and serum Vitamin D in Chinese children and adolescents; The objective of this study was to examine the cross-sectional relationship between homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25-OHD) level in Chinese children and adolescents. Methods: Anthropometric indices, lipid metabolic profile, and serum levels of glucose, insulin and 25-OHD were determined among 278 healthy prepubertal and pubertal, normal and overweight/obese children and adolescents aged 8-18 years between March 2014 and February 2015. Results: HOMA-IR was significantly different across vitamin D statuses (p<0.001), even after adjusting for body mass index (BMI) (p=0.035) and waist-to-height ratio (p=0.044); the difference was not significant between the vitamin D deficient and insufficient groups (p=0.120). HOMA-IR negatively correlated with serum 25-OHD level for all subjects (R2=0.148, p<0.001). Furthermore, they negatively correlated in the normal (R2=0.160, p<0.001) and overweight/obese (R2=0.086, p<0.001) groups, respectively. The regression lines of the two groups were parallel (p=0.669) but had a significantly different intercept (p<0.001). An association between HOMA-IR and BMI and serum 25-OHD level (R2=0.654, p<0.001) was demonstrated based on the stepwise multiple linear regression analysis of age, sex, pubertal maturation, BMI, waist-to-height ratio, triglyceride, cholesterol, high density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C), low density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C), 25-OHD and HOMA-IR. Conclusions: Our findings supported that lower vitamin D status is strongly associated with worse HOMA-IR. ER  - 
Adiposity in children and CVD risk: ApoB48 has a stronger association with central fat than classic lipid markers; Context: Atherosclerotic vascular disease begins in childhood and while progression is multifactorial, obesity in early life is an important risk factor for its development. Objective: To determine whether fasting apoB48 remnant lipoproteins (relative to classic lipid markers), is elevated with increasing central adiposity over time in a cohort of Canadian children with a family history of obesity. Design: Data were drawn from the ongoing prospective cohort of 630 Caucasian families in Québec, Canada, recruited to assess determinants and effects of childhood obesity (Québec Adiposity and Lifestyle Investigation in Youth [QUALITY]cohort). Participants: Children who attended baseline and first followup clinic visits (n =570; age 9.6 y). Main Outcome Measure: Trunk fat mass was determined by dual energy X-ray absorptiometry. Central fatmassindexwascalculatedasCFMI =trunkfatmass/height2 (kg/m2)andgroupscreated(CFMI-1.5; 1.5-3.0; =3.0 kg/m2) to suggest lower, moderate, or higher central adiposity. Changes over time in outcomes (apoB48, triglyceride and total, low-, and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol) were compared using paired t test and multiple regression that adjusted for age, sex, and Tanner stage. Results: Classic lipid markers (total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol) improved at followup, whereas apoB48 became worse (increased). ApoB48 increased with increasing central adiposity, highest (37%) in children who transitioned from lower-to moderate-CFMI groups (-apoB48 = 1.5-g/mL). For every 1 kg/m2 increase in central adiposity over the 2-y period, an increase in apoB48 was 14-fold greater among children with lower baseline CFMI, compared with higher CFMI. Conclusions: Increased fasting concentrations of apoB48 may be representative of changes in adiposity at lower levels of central fat (early periods of risk). ER  - 
Adiposity in children and CVD risk: ApoB48 has a stronger association with central fat than classic lipid marker; Context: Atherosclerotic vascular disease begins in childhood and while progression is multifactorial, obesity in early life is an important risk factor for its development. Objective: To determine whether fasting apoB48 remnant lipoproteins (relative to classic lipid markers), is elevated with increasing central adiposity over time in a cohort of Canadian children with a family history of obesity. Design: Data were drawn from the ongoing prospective cohort of 630 Caucasian families in Québec, Canada, recruited to assess determinants and effects of childhood obesity (Québec Adiposity and Lifestyle Investigation in Youth [QUALITY]cohort). Participants: Children who attended baseline and first followup clinic visits (n =570; age 9.6 y). Main Outcome Measure: Trunk fat mass was determined by dual energy X-ray absorptiometry. Central fatmassindexwascalculatedasCFMI =trunkfatmass/height2 (kg/m2)andgroupscreated(CFMI-1.5; 1.5-3.0; =3.0 kg/m2) to suggest lower, moderate, or higher central adiposity. Changes over time in outcomes (apoB48, triglyceride and total, low-, and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol) were compared using paired t test and multiple regression that adjusted for age, sex, and Tanner stage. Results: Classic lipid markers (total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol) improved at followup, whereas apoB48 became worse (increased). ApoB48 increased with increasing central adiposity, highest (37%) in children who transitioned from lower-to moderate-CFMI groups (apoB48 = 1.5-g/mL). For every 1 kg/m2 increase in central adiposity over the 2-y period, an increase in apoB48 was 14-fold greater among children with lower baseline CFMI, compared with higher CFMI. Conclusions: Increased fasting concentrations of apoB48 may be representative of changes in adiposity at lower levels of central fat (early periods of risk). ER  - 
Serum concentrations of insulin, ghrelin, adiponectin, leptin, leptin receptor and lipocalin-2 in children with celiac disease who do and do not adhere to a gluten-free diet; Background/Aims: The roles of the many bioactive peptides in the pathogenesis of celiac disease remain unclear. To evaluate the serum concentrations of insulin, ghrelin, adiponectin, leptin, leptin receptor, and lipocalin-2 in children with celiac disease who do and do not adhere to a gluten-free diet (GFD, intermittent adherence). Methods: Prepubertal, pubertal, and adolescent celiac children were included in this study (74 girls and 53 boys on a GFD and 80 girls and 40 boys off of a GFD). Results: Insulin levels in prepubertal (9.01±4.43 IU/mL), pubertal (10.3±3.62 IU/mL), and adolescent (10.8±4.73 IU/mL) girls were higher than those in boys (5.88±2.02, 8.81±2.88, and 8.81±2.26 IU/mL, respectively) and were neither age-dependent nor influenced by a GFD. Prepubertal children off of a GFD exhibited higher ghrelin levels than prepubertal children on a GFD. Adiponectin levels were not age-, sex-nor GFD-dependent. Adherence to a GFD had no effect on the expression of leptin, leptin receptor, and lipocalin-2. Conclusions: Adherence to a GFD had no influence on the adiponectin, leptin, leptin receptor, and lipocalin-2 concentrations in celiac children, but a GFD decreased highly elevated ghrelin levels in prepubertal children. Further studies are required to determine whether increased insulin concentrations in girls with celiac disease is suggestive of an increased risk for hyperinsulinemia. ER  - 
Developments on post-traumatic brain injuryinduced hypothalamic pituitary dysfunction; Traumatic brain injury (TBI) in children can result in cognitive, emotional, and somatic neurological impairments. Hypo-pituitarism can impact these impairments, likely due to mechanical damage, which are rarely reported in children. Post-traumatic endocrinopathies may leave them with lifelong disabilities that impair quality of life. To address this issue, we identified patients who experienced a TBI and subsequently developed a new-onset hypothalamically-regulated endocrine disorder. We retrospectively analyzed patients from 2008-2016 seen at a nationally-recognized level-1 Trauma Center in Arizona. We identified 121 patients who were diagnosed with both a TBI and an endocrine disorder. Of these patients, 62 were excluded because their endocrine disorder diagnosis predated their TBI diagnosis; 46 more were excluded because of pre-existing medical conditions that influenced their endocrine function. We report on 16 patients who have one or more of 40 head injury ICD-9 codes and subsequently diagnosed with one or more of 116 new-onset endocrinopathy ICD-9 codes. The patients age of TBI onset ranged from 3 months to 14 years, their endocrinopathies developed between 3 days and 16 years after their TBI, Glascow Coma Scale Score at time of injury ranged from 4 to 15, and 56% (9/16) were male. 70.6% (12/ 16) of patients developed hypothyroidism, 11% (2/16) delayed puberty, 5.6% (1/16) diabetes insipidus, 5.6% (1/16) growth hormone insufficiency, and 5.6% (1/16) short stature. TSH values ranged from 0.02-584.2 mIu/mL; Free T4 from 0.2-5.4 ng.dL; and IGF-1 from 16-238 ng/mL. Radiological series including CT and MRI showed subdural hematomas variable in size and location, without localization to endocrine structures. Children who experience TBIs have the potential to develop hypo-pituitarism, though this relationship needs further investigation with larger-scale epidemiological studies. ER  - 
Insulin resistance and metabolic syndrome in acne; Robust evidence for association of insulin resistance and metabolic syndrome in male acne patients is lacking. Therefore the objective of this study was to assess the prevalence of metabolic syndrome and insulin resistance in male patients with acne aged ≥ 20 years. This study was a cross-sectional study carried out in 100 male patients with acne and 100 age-matched male controls without acne. We recruited postadolescent patients only to negate the effects of physiological insulin resistance that are seen at the time of puberty and adolescence. Twenty-five patients were included in each of the four individual severity groups according to the Global Acne Grading System. The main outcome was metabolic syndrome, which was diagnosed as per the criteria of the modified National Cholesterol Education Programme III. Insulin resistance was assessed by homeostatic model assessment (HOMA). A HOMA score > 2.5 was arbitrarily considered as insulin resistance. The prevalence of insulin resistance was significantly higher in cases (22%) than in controls (11%) (P = 0.036). The prevalence of metabolic syndrome was comparable between cases (17%) and controls (9%) (P = 0.093). The prevalences of insulin resistance and metabolic syndrome did not differ significantly between acne severity groups. In conclusion, postadolescent male patients with acne do have insulin resistance more commonly. This may be a stage of prediabetes and the patients may develop hyperinsulinaemia or type 2 diabetes in the future. These patients should be followed up for a prolonged time to determine whether they develop conditions associated with insulin resistance. ER  - 
Age at menarche, age at menopause, reproductive lifespan and risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD): A cohort study of 256,284 women; Study question: Is a longer reproductive period, an indicator of longer endogenous oestrogen exposure, associated with lower incidence of cardiovascular disease (CVD)? Summary answer: Longer reproductive lifespan is associated with lower incidence of CVD events (fatal and non fatal). What is known already: Previous studies suggest that endogenous oestrogen has an atheroprotective effect. Early and late menarche and early menopause have been linked with cardiovascular disease, without being clear whether they contribute to greater incidence of new events. A longer reproductive lifespan (defined as age at menopause minus age at menarche) has been found to be associated with a lower estimated 10-year risk of CVD, but whether this translates into a lower incidence of CVD events (fatal and non-fatal) is not known. Study design, size, duration: The UK Biobank recruited participants aging 40-70 years between 2006 and 2010. 256,284 of White European women were followed up for an average of 5.07 (IQR: 4.38, 5.74) years. 127,949 had gone through natural menopause at baseline, of which 8,686 and 8,768 had been diagnosed with CVD and diabetes respectively. Participants/materials, setting, methods: Analysis was restricted to those without CVD and diabetes at baseline and with complete data on exposures, outcomes and covariables. Cox regression with adjustment for confounders (age, body mass index, physical activity, smoking, social deprivation index) was used to estimate hazard ratio (HR) of CVD events (fatal and non fatal). Age at menopause and age at menarche were categorical variables, duration of reproductive lifespan was a continuous variable centered for its mean value. Main results and the role of chance: During 1,252,915 person-years of follow up, 672 women without CVD at baseline developed or died from CVD. The adjusted HR for early menarche (<11 years) or late menarche (>15 years) for new CVD events were 1.14 (95% CI: 0.78, 1.66) and 1.31 (95% CI: 0.93, 1.84) referent to average menarche at the age of 13 years. The adjusted HR for early menopause (<40 years) for new CVD events was 1.74 (95% CI: 1.00, 3.06) referent to average menopause at the age of 50-51 years. The adjusted HR per 1 year longer reproductive period (referent to average duration of 36.7 ± 5.4 years) was 0.98 (95% CI: 0.96, 0.99). Limitations, reasons for caution: Age of menarche and menopause are selfrecorded. 49.9% of the women were still menstruating at baseline and the follow- up period is relatively short. Wider implications of the findings: Our findings support the hypothesis that a longer reproductive lifespan is associated with reduced risk of incident CVD in a contemporary population of middle aged white women who have experienced a natural menopause. ER  - 
Cluster analysis of metabolic risk factors in women of reproductive age: A prospective study; Study question: Is there any association between endocrine disturbances and metabolic complications in women seeking gynecological care at their reproductive age? Summary answer: Hyperhomocysteinemia (HHcy), followed by obesity, is the major determinant of cardio-metabolic disturbances in reproductive age women. What is known already: The most well known correlation between metabolic syndrome (MS) and reproductive disorders is in women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Recent reports suggest cardiovascular health in women is not improving as fast as that of men. Women of reproductive age often present with increased incidence of MS and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors. Although studies of PCOS allied metabolic complications have been widely reported, the understanding of the correlation between endocrine status and metabolic complications in reproductive-age women remain limited and controversial. Study design, size, duration: A prospective study including 1543 reproductive aged women was conducted for a period of 24 months. PCOS and MS were defined according to Rotterdam consensus and National Cholesterol Program Adult Treatment Panel III respectively. Participants were evaluated for MS and selected patients were randomly divided into two groups on the basis of high risk (n = 143) and low risk (n = 711) as classified by hierarchical cluster analysis by within-group linkage method. Participants/materials, setting, methods: The participants were recruited at out-patient department of Institute of Reproductive Medicine, Kolkata. Serum concentrations of testosterone, insulin sensitivity and prolactin with metabolic parameters like C-reactive protein, lipid profile, homocysteine, sex-hormone binding globulin (SHBG), glucose and liver enzymes were evaluated between the two groups by chemiluminescence. Anthropometric measurements were recorded at the beginning of study. Odds ratio (OR) is computed. Poisson regression was used to generate risk ratio (RR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI). Main results and the role of chance: For clinical diagnosis, 50.7% (n = 433) subjects had PCOS, 8.89% (n = 76) had hyperprolactinemia, 26.11% (n = 223) had tubal factor infertility and 3.39% (n = 29) had premature ovarian failure (POF). In terms of metabolic complications, 23.53% (n = 201) had MS, 11.12% (n = 95) had impaired glucose tolerance, and 4.8% (n = 41) had diabetes mellitus. Risk factors for metabolic disease are associated with a low age (<12 years) of menarche (RR, 1.26; 95% CI: 1.07-1.49) and a combination of high levels of C-reactive protein, homocysteine, and low levels of SHBG (RR, 1.44; 95% CI, 1.24-1.67). All metabolic indices excepting serum prolactin, alanine transferase and triglycerides were significantly (p < 0.01) different in high risk group. Hyperhomocysteinemia (>14 mmol/L) associated metabolic disturbance supersedes other clinical characteristics to set the strongest association between the two (OR, 20.1; 95% CI, 11.4-31.2). Overweight/obese status (OR, 11.2; 95% CI, 7.9-15.7) PCOS (OR, 1.6; 95% CI, 1.3-1.9), oligo/amenorrhea (OR, 1.3; 95% CI, 1.1-1.4), and hyperandrogenism (OR, 1.4; 95% CI, 1.2-1.6) were also found to increase the risk of cardiometabolic disease. However, tubal factor (OR, 0.7; 95% CI, 0.3-1), hyperprolactinemia (OR, 0.6; 95% CI, 0.3-1.1) and POF (OR, 0.3; 95% CI, 0.1-1.5) were not associated with the risk of cardiometabolic disease. Limitations, reasons for caution: Although androgen excess may signal a risk for CVD, different types of androgens are not evaluated separately. Women were recruited from the outpatient clinic of a tertiary care center; hence, do not reflect true distribution of the general population. Therefore, results should be applied to the general population with caution. Wider implications of the findings: Hyperhomocysteinemia was the major determinant of cardiovascular and metabolic disturbances in reproductive-age women. Even though many studies have shown an elevation in surrogate biomarkers of cardiovascular disease in PCOS women, it is still not clear as to what extent and magnitude the elevation precipitates more frequent and earlier events. ER  - 
Low insulin-like growth factor 1 is associated with low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and metabolic syndrome in Chinese nondiabetic obese children and adolescents: A cross-sectional study; Background: Low serum high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) is an independent risk factor for developing cardiovascular disease. Insulin-like growth factor 1(IGF-1) levels have been proven to be positively associated with HDL-C, but few studies were based on the dataset of children or adolescents. The aim of this study is to investigate the relationship among IGF-1, HDL-C and the metabolic syndrome in Chinese nondiabetic obese children and adolescents. Methods: As a cross-sectional study, this study includes 120 obese Chinese children and adolescents and 120 healthy ones. The obese subjects were divided into two groups based on using 1.03 mmol/L as a threshold value for HDL-C. Clinical examination and laboratory examinations were assessed for all participants. Results: Obese subjects had significantly lower IGF-1SDS and higher Height SDS than those in the control group. Among 120 obese children and adolescents, 22 (18.3 %) subjects had an HDL-C level <1.03 mmol/L. IGF-1SDS was significantly lower (P = 0.001) in obese subjects with low HDL-C. According to the results of multivariate logistic regression analysis, IGF-1 SDS is significantly associated with low HDL-C(OR 0.518, 95 % CI 0.292-0.916; P = 0.024), after being adjusted for age, gender, pubertal status, BMI SDS, SBP, DBP, HOMR-IR, total cholesterol, low density lipoprotein-cholesterol, triglycerides, ALT and uric acid. In addition, IGF-1 SDS is significantly correlated with the level of serum HDL-C in study population (r = 0.19, P = 0.003). Based on logistic regression analysis with adjustment for age, gender and pubertal status, the increased IGF-1 SDS was associated with a decreased probability of metabolic syndrome (OR 0.555, 95 % CI 0.385-0.801; P = 0.002) and hypertriglyceridemia (OR 0.582, 95 % CI 0.395-0.856; P = 0.006), but no significant correlation with hypertension. Conclusion: Obese children had lower IGF-1SDS and taller stature compared with the control group. Low levels of IGF-1 SDS were associated with low levels of HDL-C in chinese nondiabetic obese children and adolescents, independent of insulin resistance, as well as other traditional cardiovascular disease risk markers. ER  - 
Sclerostin distribution in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus and correlation with bone metabolism and bone mineral density; Background and objective: Sclerostin is an inhibitor of the Wnt/beta-catenin bone metabolic pathway. Increased sclerostin levels and reduced bone mineral density (BMD) have been documented in adult patients with diabetes mellitus (DM), predominantly in those with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). No relative data exist on childhood type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM). Our objective was to study plasma sclerostin in T1DM children and adolescents and controls and its correlations with metabolic bone markers and BMD. Subjects and methods: This was a cross-sectional study that was conducted at an outpatient clinical center. Forty T1DM children and adolescents were evaluated (mean ± SD age: 13.04 ± 3.53 yr, T1DM duration: 5.15 ± 3.33 yr), along with 40 healthy matched controls (age 12.99 ± 3.3 yr). Sclerostin, soluble receptor activator of nuclear factor-kappaB ligand (s-RANKL), osteoprotegerin, osteocalcin, C-telopeptide crosslinks, electrolytes, parathyroid hormone (PTH), and total 25(OH)D were measured. Lumbar and subcranial total body BMD were evaluated with dual energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA). Results: Sclerostin levels demonstrated a Gaussian distribution, with no significant difference between patients and controls (51.56 ± 12.05 vs. 50.98 ± 13.55 pmol/L, p = 0.84). Significantly lower values were found in girls and prepubertal children. Sclerostin values were significantly and gradually increased in children through pubertal Tanner stages 1-3, were reduced at stage 4 and increased again at pubertal stage 5. Sclerostin levels were positively correlated with logCTX (logarithm of C-terminal telopeptide crosslinks of type I collagen), logOsteocalcin (logarithm of Osteocalcin), magnesium, total body, and L1-L4 BMD z-score. Conclusions: T1DM patients had similar levels of sclerostin with controls. Sclerostin correlated with bone resorption and formation markers and also with bone mass indices, gender, and pubertal stage. The decrease in sclerostin values observed in pubertal stage 4 adolescents coincides with the concurrent growth spurt, and is consistent with sclerostin physiology as an inhibiting signal. ER  - 
Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD) in children and adolescents with Prader-Willi Syndrome (PWS); We tested the hypothesis that patients with Prader-Willi syndrome (PWS) may be at lower risk of developing non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) because of a higher insulin sensitivity. Twenty-one PWS patients and 42 control subjects closely similar for age, gender, pubertal stage and body mass index (CNT), were studied. Metabolic profile and body composition were assessed. NAFLD was established by a validated method of US grading (range from G0 to G3). PWS patients showed a significantly better metabolic profile (lower waist circumference, fasting glucose levels, HOMA-IR, cholesterol, transaminase levels and trunk fat mass/fat mass ratio). Furthermore, NAFLD G1stage was significantly more frequent in PWS subjects (P < 0.05), whereas G2 stage was significantly more frequent in control patients (P < 0.05). NAFLD grading seems to correlate with body composition in PWS, also after adjustment for sex and GH treatment. To our knowledge, this is the first report suggesting a reduced risk of NAFLD in PWS children. ER  - 
Association between serum adiponectin levels and muscular fitness in Portuguese adolescents: LabMed Physical Activity Study; Background and aim: Paradoxically, recent investigations have showed that adiponectin levels are inversely associated with muscle strength. However, to date, there is a lack of knowledge on the relationship between muscular fitness (MF) and adiponectin levels in adolescents. We aimed to examine the independent associations between MF and adiponectin levels in adolescents, controlling for several potential confounders. Methods and results: This is a cross-sectional analysis with 529 Portuguese adolescents aged 12-18 years. A MF score was computed as the mean of the handgrip strength and standing long jump standardized values by age and gender. We measured fasting glucose, insulin, HDL-cholesterol, C-reactive protein and adiponectin. Linear regression analysis showed a significant inverse association between adiponectin (Z-score by age and sex) and MF score, after adjustments for age, sex, pubertal stage, socioeconomic status, adherence to the Mediterranean diet, body mass index, HOMA-IR, HDL-cholesterol, C-reactive protein and cardiorespiratory fitness (unstandardized β = -0.176; p < 0.005). Analysis of covariance showed a significant difference between the Low MF/Non-overweight group and the High MF/Non-overweight Group (p < 0.05) and between the Low MF/Non-overweight and High MF/Overweight Group (p < 0.05) (F (5, 523) = 2.262, p = 0.047). Conclusion: Adiponectin circulating levels are inversely and independently associated with MF. In non-overweight adolescents, those with high levels of MF presented lower levels of adiponectin compared to those with Low MF. Likewise, overweight adolescents with High MF presented lower levels of serum adiponectin than non-overweight adolescents with Low MF. ER  - 
Identification of cutoff points for Homeostatic Model Assessment for Insulin Resistance index in adolescents: Systematic review; Objective To identify cutoff points of the Homeostatic Model Assessment for Insulin Resistance (HOMA-IR) index established for adolescents and discuss their applicability for the diagnosis of insulin resistance in Brazilian adolescents. Data source A systematic review was performed in the PubMed, Lilacs and SciELO databases, using the following descriptors: "adolescents", "insulin resistance" and "Receiver Operating Characteristics Curve". Original articles carried out with adolescents published between 2005 and 2015 in Portuguese, English or Spanish languages, which included the statistical analysis using Receiver Operating Characteristics Curve to determine the index cutoff (HOMA-IR) were included. Data synthesis A total of 184 articles were identified and after the study phases were applied, seven articles were selected for the review. All selected studies established their cutoffs using a Receiver Operating Characteristics Curve, with the lowest observed cutoff of 1.65 for girls and 1.95 for boys and the highest of 3.82 for girls and 5.22 for boys. Of the studies analyzed, one proposed external validity, recommending the use of the HOMA-IR cutoff>2.5 for both genders. Conclusions The HOMA-IR index constitutes a reliable method for the detection of insulin resistance in adolescents, as long as it uses cutoffs that are more adequate for the reality of the study population, allowing early diagnosis of insulin resistance and enabling multidisciplinary interventions aiming at health promotion of this population. ER  - 
Epicardial adipose tissue and signs of metabolic syndrome in children; Purpose: The aim of this study was to investigate the possible correlation between epicardial adipose tissue (EAT) thickness and predictive parameters for metabolic syndrome (MS) in overweight/obese prepubertal children. Methods: 73 prepubertal children, average age of 8.22 years, with no endocrine or syndromic causes of obesity or under drug therapy for chronic disease were enrolled. Weight, height, body circumferences and skinfolds’ thickness were measured. BMI, BMI z score (z-BMI) and waist-to-height ratio (WtHR) were calculated. Standard MS-related laboratory parameters were assessed. Finally, all children underwent echocardiographic measurement of EAT. Results: A positive correlation between EAT and z-BMI was found only among overweight/obese children (r = 0.43, p = 0.001). In particular, data showed that 89 % of our sample had a waist (W) >90th percentile. Statistical differences in diastolic blood pressure (DBP; p < 0.01) and EAT (p = 0.02) were observed on comparing W <90th percentile vs W >90th percentile patients. Besides, in patients with W >90th percentile and family history of risk factors for MS, the value of EAT correlated positively with z-BMI, W, WtHR, triglycerides (Tg), insulin and homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance and negatively with HDL. Conclusions: The EAT and the markers of MS probably share the same pathogenetic factors. Further studies might elucidate whether EAT deserves to be included among the diagnostic factors of MS. ER  - 
Effects of thyroid autoimmunity on early atherosclerosis in euthyroid girls with Hashimoto’s thyroiditis; Objective: In the current study, we aimed to investigate whether thyroid autoimmunity (TA) had any effect on carotid intima-media thickness (cIMT) and enhanced the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) independent of thyroid function (TF) in pubertal girls with Hashimoto’s thyroiditis (HT). Methods: Sixty-six newly diagnosed euthyroid girls with HT with a mean age of 14.4±2.4 years were included in the study. The control group consisted of 41 age-and body mass index (BMI)-matched healthy girls. At enrollment, all subjects underwent physical examination including blood pressure, standing height, weight, waist circumference (WC), and hip circumference measurements. The lipid profile, highsensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), homocysteine, blood glucose, insulin, TF, and thyroid antibodies were measured, and thyroid ultrasound and cIMT were performed. Results: There were no significant differences in anthropometric variables between the two groups, but the patients with HT had significantly higher waist-to-hip ratio (WHR). Thyroid hormones, insulin, homocysteine, and homeostatic model assessment-insulin resistance were not different between the two groups. Serum hs-CRP levels were significantly higher in patients than controls (3.4 ng/mL vs. 2.03 ng/mL), (p<0.001). Patients were also characterized by significantly higher total cholesterol (166.4±27 mg/dL vs. 151±22 mg/dL), (p<0.01) and low-density cholesterol (95.8±24.4 mg/dL vs. 82.6±20.7 mg/dL), (p<0.01) levels. Patients, regardless of TF, had significantly increased cIMT compared with controls [0.28 mm vs. 0.25 mm, (p<0.001)], and cIMT was correlated with weight-standard deviation score (SDS), BMI-SDS, WCSDS, and WHR. This increase in cIMT was associated independently with BMI-SDS and hs-CRP levels. Conclusion: TA may be related to chronic inflammation, which may cause endothelial dysfunction, a promoter of atherosclerosis in girls with HT. cIMT is a good tool for the early detection and the monitoring of early atherosclerosis in euthyroid patients with HT. Early detection of risk factors of CVD, may be helpful for planning treatment and interventions, so as to prevent complications from the disease in adulthood. ER  - 
Steroid sulfatase deficiency and androgen activation before and after puberty; Context: Steroid sulfatase (STS) cleaves the sulfate moiety off steroid sulfates, including dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) sulfate (DHEAS), the inactive sulfate ester of the adrenal androgen precursor DHEA. Deficient DHEA sulfation, the opposite enzymatic reaction to that catalyzed by STS, results in androgen excess by increased conversion of DHEA to active androgens. STS deficiency (STSD) due to deletions or inactivating mutations in the X-linked STS gene manifests with ichthyosis, but androgen synthesis and metabolism in STSD have not been studied in detail yet. Patients and Methods: We carried out a cross-sectional study in 30 males with STSD (age 6-27 y; 13 prepubertal, 5 peripubertal, and 12 postpubertal) and 38 age-, sex-, and Tanner stage-matched healthy controls. Serum and 24-hour urine steroid metabolome analysis was performed by mass spectrometry and genetic analysis of the STS gene by multiplex ligation-dependent probe amplification and Sanger sequencing. Results: Genetic analysis showed STS mutations in all patients, comprising 27 complete gene deletions, 1 intragenic deletion and 2 missense mutations. STSD patients had apparently normal pubertal development. Serum and 24-hour urinary DHEAS were increased in STSD, whereas serum DHEA and testosterone were decreased. However, total 24-hour urinary androgen excretion was similar to controls, with evidence of increased 5α-reductase activity in STSD. Prepubertal healthy controls showed a marked increase in the serum DHEA to DHEAS ratio that was absent in postpubertal controls and in STSD patients of any pubertal stage. Conclusions: In STSD patients, an increased 5α-reductase activity appears to compensate for a reduced rate of androgen generation by enhancing peripheral androgen activation in affected patients. In healthy controls, we discovered a prepubertal surge in the serum DHEA to DHEAS ratio that was absent in STSD, indicative of physiologically up-regulated STS activity before puberty. This may represent a fine tuning mechanism for tissue-specific androgen activation preparing for the major changes in androgen production during puberty. ER  - 
Endocrine long term follow-up of children with neurofibromatosis type 1(NF1) and pptic pathway glioma (OPG); Background: Children with OPG face important endocrine sequelae related to tumour location and treatment modalities. We aimed to assess the prevalence of hypothalamic-pituitary dysfunctions in children with NF1 and OPG who didn't receive radiotherapy or resection-surgery. The causative role of tumour location on endocrinopathy development is investigated. Methods: A retrospective follow-up study of 40 children with NF1 and OPG who were referred to our endocrine clinics between 1996-2015 was undertaken. Patients who underwent radiotherapy or resection-surgery were excluded leaving 36 patients to be studied. Tumour location was classified according to Dodge's criteria: stage I-optic nerve, stage II-optic chiasm, stage III-hypothalamus. Results: Endocrinopathies were diagnosed in 20/36 children (55.5 %) during a mean follow-up of 9.1(0.2-13.6) years: 0/4 OPG were at Dodge stage I, 12/21(57.1%) at stage II and 8/11(72.7%) at stage III. The first endocrinopathy was found at a mean age of 7.4(5.0-13.2) years, 2.4(0-6.7) years after tumour diagnosis: children with OPG Dodge stage II and III developed the first endocrinopathy after 2.94 and 1.54 years from tumour diagnosis respectively. GH deficiency(GHD; 36.1%) and central precocious puberty(33.3%) were the commonest endocrinopathies followed by: obesity with insulin resistance/impaired glucose tolerance(11.1 %), early puberty(5.5%), GH excess(5.5%), ACTH deficiency(5.5%), hypogonadotropic hypogonadism(2.7%) andTSHdeficiency(2.7%).GHDwas reversible in 88.9% of those re-tested. Conclusion: NF1 children with optic chiasm-hypothalamic gliomas not receiving either radiotherapy or resectionsurgery are at high risk of endocrinopathies. The causative role of the OPG itself in the development of these endocrinopathies is demonstrated. A prolonged endocrine follow-up is recommended. ER  - 
Pallidal deep brain stimulation improves dystonia in Woodhouse-Sakati syndrome; Objective: To describe a patient with a rare genetic disorder, Woodhouse-Sakati Syndrome, treated with deep brain stimulation (DBS) for dystonia. Background: Woodhouse-Sakati Syndrome (WSS) is a rare multisystem disorder consisting of hypogonadism, alopecia, diabetes mellitus, deafness, intellectual disability and extrapyramidal movement disorders. To date, there have since been 72 cases (39 genetically confirmed) from 29 families described in the literature. The responsible gene, C2orf37 on chromosome 2q31.1, was discovered in 2008 with 10 mutations described to date. Movement disorders primarily consist of dystonia and/ or choreoathetoid movements and tend to generalize. Methods: A single case report. Results: The birth and family history of patient is limited as he was adopted at the age 2. It is known he is of Romanian descent with parental consanguinity likely. The patient had normal development except for ADHD and mild speech delay until the age of 13 when he developed pubertal delay, learning difficulties and speech deterioration. At that time, he also developed symptoms consistent with dystonia including foot inversion, posturing when writing, and cervical dystonia. MRI brain was normal. Whole exome sequencing revealed a novel homozygous frameshift variant in the C2orf37 gene predicted to cause a truncated gene product. By age 17, the truncal dystonia caused scoliosis. He failed multiple medication trials (levodopa, baclofen, trihexyphenidyl, clonazepam and botulinum neurotoxin injections). Because of concern for further spinal deformity DBS was offered. He underwent bilateral GPi DBS lead placement using an interventional MRI technique at age of 18. At six weeks post-op there was notable improvement of his cervical and truncal dystonia at conventional monopolar settings. Spine X-rays showed improved scoliosis. Conclusions: Pallidal DBS outcomes in cases of combined dystonia are often minimal and hard to predict. To our knowledge there has only been one other case of WSS treated with DBS in the world. Our patient has shown meaningful early cervical and truncal improvement in his dystonia but long-term follow-up will be needed to demonstrate a sustained benefit. ER  - 
Who is at greater risk for myocardial infarction in rheumatoid arthritis?; Background: Patients with rheumatoid arthritis (RA) have increased mortality and morbidity due to premature cardiovascular disease (CVD). Some factors involved in the development of RA-associated CVD have not yet been fully delineated. Objectives: The aim of the study was to verify whether female gender, the reproductive period, smoking history, atherosclerotic lesions in brachiocephalic vessels, carotid intima-media thickness (IMT), traditional CV risk factors, as well as RA disease activity and disease duration influence excess CVD and cerebrovascular disease in patients with RA. Methods: A case-control study was performed within the prospective cohort of 94 RA patients (female: 84%; age: 20-82). Cases were 26 patients who developed their first myocardial infarction (MI) after the diagnosis of RA. Controls and cases had comparable disease duration. Traditional (BMI, smoking history, diabetes mellitus), pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH) and disease-specific risk factors for MI were assessed. Atherogenic Index of Plasma (AIP; log TG/HDLC) calculated. Carotid artery hemodynamic parameters, IMT and plaques were assessed using high resolution B-mode and Doppler-mode ultrasound in order to detect blood flow velocities, maximal IMT and size of atherosclerotic plaques, respectively. RA activity and severity were determined by DAS28, CDAI, SDAI scores, ultrasonography of synovitis and HAQ questionnaires. Statistical analysis was performed by using IBM SPSS 21.0 Results: Patients with MI were mostly females (96%), with a median age of 61 (54-69) years. The mean disease duration was 3.5 (1-9) years. About 34% of cases were smokers. The risk of MI in RA women was 3.91 (OR). In female patients, who smoked it was 1.36. Patients with MI were not significantly older compared to control RA patients (p=0.316). Interestingly, 88% of RA cases with MI and 100% of non-MI conrtols (p=0.005). High RA disease activity (DAS28 above 4,17) was observed in 46% of patients with MI. Seropositivity was found in 92%, while erosions in small joints in 58% of cases. Joint replacement surgery was necessary in 13% of MI cases. Strokedeveloped in 13% of cases and 10% of controls. PAH was detected in 75%, of patients with MI. No statistically significant difference in IMT between MI cases and controls could be found (p=0.217). Furthermore, atherosclerotic lesions were not more pronounced in RA patients with versus without MI (p=0.874). Altogether 91,7% patients with MI had atherosclerotic plaques in brachiocephalic vessels resulting in <50% luminal stenosis, while 8,3% of patients had plaques causing >50% lumen obstruction. IMT exerted significant correlation with age (p<0,001), plaques in brachiocephalic vessels (p=0.045), PAH (p=0.001), joint erosions (p<0.05) and symptom onset in RA (p<0.05). PAH also correlated with brachiocephalic vessel plaques (p=0.01). Bivariate logistic regression revealed that in females with late onset menarche (>16 years) and early menopause (<45 years) had lower, while patients with late onset menopause had greater risk for developing MI Conclusions: In our case-control study, brachiocephalic plaques, PAH, the onset of menarche and menopause may be associated with the development of MI in RA patients. These preliminary observations indicate the existence of less evident risk factors, which should be further characterized in future studies. ER  - 
Perinephric adipose tissue thickness in relation to blood pressure, plasma apelin and C-reactive protein levels in obese adolescents; BACKGROUND: Visceral adiposity plays an important role in the pathogenesis of obesity related hypertension. Measurement of perinephric adipose tissue (PNAT) thickness has not been studied yet. We aimed to define the relation of PNAT with hypertension, and to investigate its correlations with apelin and C-reactive protein. METHODS: Sixty obese adolescents (33 females, 27 males) with a mean age of 14.0±0.8 years and 29 age-matched lean controls were recruited. Obese subjects were divided as hypertensive (Group 1) and normotensive (Group 2) using 24-hour ambulatory blood pressure monitoring. PNAT was measured using ultrasonography bilaterally. RESULTS: PNAT thickness was found increased by 0.5 mm for each point of increase in body mass index (BMI). Plasma apelin levels were significantly higher in Groups 1 and 2 than those in control group (P<0.001 and P=0.001, respectively). In Group 1 BMI, plasma insulin and Cortisol levels were significantly higher. Apelin was positively correlated with BMI and PNAT (PO.001 for both), and negatively correlated with pubertal stage (ρ=-0.313, P=0.003) and age (ρ=-0.250; P=0.018). CONCLUSIONS: This is the first study showing direct correlation between PNAT and BMI and also between apelin and BMI in obese adolescents. Hypertension in adolescence is related to degree of obesity. While plasma apelin increases in obesity, it decreases with increasing age and pubertal stage. ER  - 
Body composition and energy intake - skeletal muscle mass is the strongest predictor of food intake in obese adolescents: The HEARTY trial; There has been renewed interest in examining the relationship between specific components of energy expenditure and the overall influence on energy intake (EI). The purpose of this cross-sectional analysis was to determine the strongest metabolic and anthropometric predictors of EI. It was hypothesized that resting metabolic rate (RMR) and skeletal muscle mass would be the strongest predictors of EI in a sample of overweight and obese adolescents. 304 post-pubertal adolescents (91 boys, 213 girls) aged 16.1 (±1.4) years with body mass index at or above the 95th percentile for age and sex OR at or above the 85th percentile plus an additional diabetes risk factor were measured for body weight, RMR (kcal/day) by indirect calorimetry, body composition by magnetic resonance imaging (fat free mass (FFM), skeletal muscle mass, fat mass (FM), and percentage body fat), and EI (kcal/day) using 3 day food records. Body weight, RMR, FFM, skeletal muscle mass, and FM were all significantly correlated with EI (p < 0.005). After adjusting the model for age, sex, height, and physical activity, only FFM (β = 21.9, p = 0.007) and skeletal muscle mass (β = 25.8, p = 0.02) remained as significant predictors of EI. FFM and skeletal muscle mass also predicted dietary protein and fat intake (p < 0.05), but not carbohydrate intake. In conclusion, with skeletal muscle mass being the best predictor of EI, our results support the hypothesis that the magnitude of the body's lean tissue is related to absolute levels of EI in a sample of inactive adolescents with obesity. ER  - 
Assessment of a cohort of beta thalassemia patients: New challenges; Background: The combination of transfusion and chelation therapy has dramatically extended the life expectancy of Beta-thalassemic patients who can now survive into their fourth and fifth decades of life. The goal of long-term transfusional support is to maintain the patient's hemoglobin level at 9-10 g/dl. However, complications are still frequent and affect the patients' quality of life, particularly in countries with limited resources. Aims: The main objective of this study is to determine the prevalence of prominent complications in a cohort of Algerian thalassemia patients. Methods: This study was conducted to assess 81 polytransfused Beta-thalassemic patients, mean age 16 years (6-31), sex ratio: 37M/44G: We assess blood transfusion regime, pre-transfusion hemoglobin, iron overload, by serum ferritin level, hepatic iron concentration. Bone mineral density (BMD) measurements at lumbar and femoral regions have been done using dual x-ray absorptiometry. We assess Growth and pubertal maturation (Taner stage), and dosing gonadic hormone dosage, calcium, vitamin D, Parathyroid, and thyroid hormone. Results: The pretransfusion hemoglobin level was maintained between 6 and 9 g/dl in 90% of patients. Additionally, 5% had levels less than 6 g/dL, 5% from 9 to 11 g/dL. Fifty-five percent of patients had undergone splenectomy at a median age of 9 years (range, 1-31 years). Ferritin levels ranged: 147 to 13500 ng/mL (median, 4992 ng/mL). Among 44 patients assessed, 77% had values of 15 mg/g dry weight or higher, 50% LCI>43 mg/gdw, 20% had moderate LCI 15 to 7 mg/gdw, only 1 patient <7mg/gdw. Hepatic biopsy, performed in 26 patients (assessed for bone morrow transplantation), all had hepatic fibrosis moderate to severe (Metavir score). BMD performed in 49 patients, prevalence of lumbar osteoporosis and osteopenia were 38% and 62%. Dosage of vitamin D performed in 34 patients:5 <10ng/ml, 17 [10-20ng/ml], 8 [20-30ng ml], 4 normal >30ng/ml. 12 patients receive Biphosphonate treatment. Short stature was seen in 65% of our patients. Hypogonadism was diagnosed in 22,9% of 74 patients who had reached pubertal age: 50% of hypogonadic females and males were receiving hormonal substitution. No patient had Hypoparathyroidism and primary hypothyroidism. 3 cases of primary amenorrhea, and 2 diabetes aged 17 and 31 years. Despite high ferritine serum no patients had heart disease requiring medication. The goal of long-term hypertransfusional support is to maintain the patient's hemoglobin level at 9-10 g/d. This threefold is rarely reached in our patients, for mixture of reasons (compliance, limited blood pack). Iron chelation has been formerly limited, reason of the high prevalence of hemochromatosis in the majority of our patients. Intensification of iron therapy is now assessed to obtain reversal tissues lesions. Well treated 90% of thalassemics patients reached normal puberty; in contrast, in our group of patients, only 20% achieved normal pubertal status after 16 years. Poor pubertal growth and impaired sexual maturation, and endocrine abnormalities in children, adolescents and young adults have been observed because of conventional treatment deficiency, substitutive hormonal therapy is indicated. BMD is a good index of bone status in patients with Thalassemia and should be done in these patients annual. Summary/Conclusions: High prevalence of complications among our thalassemics signifies the importance of more detailed studies along with therapeutic interventions. The survival of patients with thalassemia major improving, but the prevalence of severe complications is still hig. ER  - 
Art outcomes; Presently, the assisted reproductive technologies (ART), which involved the sciences of the manipulation of both oocytes and sperm in the laboratory, are used in the treatment of human infertility widely. Since the introduction of in vitro fertilization (IVF), after born of the first child (Louise Brown) by this procedure in 1978, as some research reported, over 5 million babies have been born all around the world by ART. Approximately, in each year more than 200,000 babies are born by ART around the world. During this time there have been rapid advances in ART., the effectiveness of IVF has progressed greatly after the innovation of embryo cryopreservation, and afterwards the more invasive 'technique' of intracytoplasmic sperm injection in 1992. The identification and removal of genetically abnormal embryos have been facilitated by the innovation and development of preimplantation genetic diagnosis method; however, this procedure is more invasive and involves significant manipulation of the embryo. The majority of available data showed that ART singleton pregnancies had a higher risk of poor pregnancy outcomes in compared to those with spontaneous conception. In a recent meta-analysis by Qin et al, fifty cohort studies comprising 161,370 ART and 2,280,241 spontaneously conceived singleton pregnancies were evaluated. The ART singleton pregnancies had a significantly increased risk of pregnancy-induced hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, placenta previa, placental abruption, antepartum hemorrhage, postpartum hemorrhage, polyhydramnios, oligohydramnios, cesarean sections, preterm birth, very preterm birth, low birth weight, very low birth weight, small for gestational age, perinatal mortality and congenital malformation. The children conceived through ART might be exposed to higher health risks than spontaneously conceived children; this may be due to the following factors: background biology of sub-fertile couples, multiple pregnancy, related factor to fertility treatment procedure and embryo - endometrium interface. There is increasing evidence that considered the infertility or subfertility as an independent risk factor for obstetrical complications and poor perinatal outcomes, even without the applying of ART. Multiple pregnancy is the remarkable predictive factor for adverse maternal, perinatal and neonatal outcomes. Couples with good prognosis for success should be thoroughly aware about the significant risks of multiple pregnancies associated with all ART and counseled about the benefits and cumulative pregnancy rate of elective single embryo transfer (eSET) policy and encouraged to using this protocol. Although several million children have been born by using ART treatments, but limited documents are available regarding the longer-term health and development outcomes for these children. It has been supposed that ART procedure may cause to long term adverse consequences, in addition to the documented adverse perinatal outcome and increased risk of congenital abnormalities in the children resulting from ART treatment. These adverse outcomes included: respiratory and allergic disorder, endocrine disorders, ophthalmological and auditory disorders, growth and pubertal development, metabolic and cardiovascular effects and risk of cancer. Although there are considerable researches on these effects, but further studies with a long-term follow-up are required for a definitive statement or accurate conclusion. ER  - 
Metabolite signatures are associated with insulin resistance in childhood-a pilot study and longitudinal analysis of the EarlyBird cohort; Background & Aims: Metabolite signatures are emerging as biomarkers of insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes. In particular, branched chain (BCAA) and aromatic amino acids (AAA) have been shown to be associated with insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes in adults. However, there is less data in children in whom insulin resistance is much more volatile, being particularly dependent upon pubertal timing as well as both changing body composition and physical activity. The aim of this pilot study was to ascertain whether metabolite signatures are associated with insulin resistance during childhood and adolescence. Objectives: To determine the association between metabolite signatures and insulin resistance during childhood and adolescence, taking into account body composition, physical activity and pubertal timing. Material & Methods: EarlyBird is a non-intervention prospective cohort study, which recruited a cohort of 300 healthy UK children and followed them up throughout childhood. Annual fasting serum samples from a sub-group of 40 children underwent metabolomic profiling by means of proton nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy. The subjects were chosen to represent the range of insulin resistance observed in the cohort at 5y and 14y. Mixed effects modelling was used to assess the association between insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and individual metabolites, taking into account age, BMI sds, physical activity (accelerometry) and pubertal timing (age at peak height velocity - APHV). Results: Insulin resistance was significantly higher in girls than boys (p = 0.035) and significantly associated with BMI sds (p < 0.001). There was a decrease in insulin resistance up to around 8y, followed by an increase through puberty with this trend being dependent on pubertal timing (age∗APHV interaction p = 0.027). Several metabolites including lipids and amino acids showed a significant association (p < 0.05) with insulin resistance independently of BMIsds, physical activity and pubertal timing. Conclusion: This pilot study has identified several metabolites which show an association with insulin resistance independently of adiposity, physical activity and pubertal timing in children from age 5y to 14y. These are novel insights into childhood metabolic health which warrant further investigation. ER  - 
Inside out the rag bag of glucose intolerance in obese caucasian adolescents; Background: Prevalence of impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) is raising among obese adolescents in parallel with epidemic obesity. In some cases, IGT reverts to normal glucose tolerance (NGT) by the end of puberty. Objectives: To investigate metabolic factors predicting the IGT reversal to NGT and verify whether preserved β cell glucose sensitivity (βCGS) is protective against persistent IGT. Methods: 2 year-cohort study of 150 severe obese adolescents evaluated by 5-point oral glucose tolerance testing at baseline and at follow-up with measurement of glucose, insulin and c-peptide to estimate several empirical parameters of insulin sensitivity and secretion. Results: After 2 years, 113 (73.8%) patients remained NGT, 9 IGT (5.9%) and 28 (18.3%) reverted to NGT. At multivariable models, change of loge βCGS was inversely associated with time-related change of logeG120, with (Model 2) and without (Model 1) correction for the change of logeOGIS. The model 2 was more strongly associated with the change of logeG120. Conclusions: A relatively greater βCGS and, to a minor extent, a greater insulin sensitivity at the beginning of the pubertal transition were associated with lower concentrations of 2 hour plasma glucose at the follow-up and explained reversal of IGT to NGT. ER  - 
Sugar-sweetened beverages and metabolic syndrome in obese children; Background: The excessive consumption of sucrose, primarily used in sweetened beverages, has been considered an important inducer of cardiometabolic diseases. Besides the association between metabolic syndrome and fructose found in animal models, literature is lacking prospective studies in humans, especially in paediatric ages. This study assessed the effect of sugar-sweetened beverages reduction on blood pressure (BP), insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), lipid profile and uric acid, in obese children. Patients & Methods: This was a prospective analysis of the first 200 pre-pubertal patients admitted to our hospital-based obesity clinic, during 2015 (64% females, 96% white, mean BMI z-score 2.9 ± 0.3). To access dietary intake, children were asked to make a three 24h-recall weekly. Sugar- added beverages were quantified as number of servings, and sucrose intake was calculated. During the first 4 weeks, patients had their usual diet. For the next 24 weeks, they were asked to restrict sugar-added beverages to one serving a week, keeping everything else as previously. We analyzed changes from week 4 to week 28 in anthropometrics, blood pressure and blood markers of metabolic syndrome. Multivariate linear regression was used to evaluate the association between these variables and the amount of sugar drunk. Results: At baseline, mean daily sucrose intake was 219 ± 62g, of which 144 ± 14g (about 66%) from sugar-sweetened beverages; mean systolic/ diastolic BP z-scores were 1.8 ± 0.6 / 1.7 ± 0.4 respectively; median HOMA- IR was 3.57 (1.34 to 6.43); mean uric acid was 4.1 ± 1.9mg/dL; median triglycerides was 132 (72 to 201) mg/dL. After adjustment for potential confounders, the reduction of beverages to one serving a week was associated to a decrease of: 0.5 (95% CI, 0.3 to 0.7) and 0.4 (95% CI, 0.2 to 0.6) in systolic/ diastolic BP z-scores correspondingly; 1.7mg/dL (95% CI, 1.0 to 2.2) in uric acid; and 44mg/dL (95% CI, 21 to 55) in triglycerides. These findings were kept after controlling for changes in BMI z-scores. On the other hand, no association was found for HOMA-IR. Discussion Our results provide additional evidence supporting a positive relationship between sweetened beverages and important markers of metabolic syndrome. Therefore, controlling its consumption by children is an urgent measure of public health. ER  - 
Body mass index, adipokines and insulin resistance in asthmatic children and adolescents; Abstract: Objective: This study aimed to describe the body mass index, insulin resistance, levels of adipokines and inflammatory markers in Brazilian asthmatic children and adolescents and to investigate their possible association with the severity and control of asthma. Methods: Cross-sectional study (n = 92; age: 3–18 years). Assessed data: Body weight and height, used to calculate the body mass index (BMIZ) and height-for-age (HAZ). Laboratory measurements: Lipid profile; glycemia and insulin for homeostasis model assessment (HOMA); adipokines; tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-α), C-reactive protein (CRP) and monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1); total immunoglobulin E (IgE) and specific IgE against aeroallergens. Results: The median age was 9.6 years (3.0–16.6); most participants were male (n = 52, 56.5%), pre-pubertal (n = 54, 58.6%) and had atopic asthma (n = 85, 92.4%). Overweight/obesity (38%) showed an inverse correlation with age (adjusted odds ratio [OR] = 0.781; 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.66–0.92) and a direct correlation with the leptin concentration (adjusted OR = 1.13; 95% CI 1.04–1.22). Insulin concentration was independently associated with moderated persistent asthma (adjusted OR = 1.31; 95% CI 1.09–1.52). HOMA showed a direct correlation with the leptin (β = 0.475; 95% CI 0.117–0.268) and total IgE (β = 0.197; 95% CI 0.002–0.096) levels and an inverse correlation with the TNF-α levels (β = −0.255; 95% CI;−0.366–0.055). Conclusions: Asthma was associated with insulin resistance and a systemic inflammatory response possibly mediated by adipokines, with leptin levels standing out among the participants with excess weight. ER  - 
Impact of hypovitaminosis D on clinical, hormonal and insulin sensitivity parameters in normal body mass index polycystic ovary syndrome women; Earlier data on the relationship of 25 hydroxyvitamins (25OHD) levels with various components of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) has been conflicting. We studied 122 normal body mass index (BMI) women with PCOS (cases) and 46 age and BMI-matched healthy women (controls) and assessed the impact of serum 25OHD levels on clinical, biochemical and insulin sensitivity parameters in these lean Indian women with PCOS. The mean age and BMI of the cases and controls were comparable. Mean serum 25OHD levels respectively were 10.1 ± 9.9 and 7.9 ± 6.8 ng/ml with 87.7% and 91.1% vitamin D (VD) deficient. No significant correlation was noted between 25OHD levels and clinical, biochemical and insulin sensitivity parameters except with the total testosterone levels (p = 0.007). Also, no significant difference in these parameters was observed once the PCOS women were stratified into various subgroups based on the serum 25OHD levels. We conclude that VD deficiency being common in normal BMI Indian women with or without PCOS does not seem to alter the metabolic phenotype in these women. ER  - 
Testosterone concentration and insulin sensitivity in young men with type 1 and type 2 diabetes; Objective: Reduced testosterone, a recognized comorbidity of reduced insulin sensitivity (IS) and type 2 diabetes (T2D), has also been reported in adult males with type 1 diabetes (T1D). However, there are limited data on how early reduced testosterone occurs, and whether it is related to the reduced IS in T1D. Leptin, a modulator of the HPG-axis, may also influence testosterone in T1D. We hypothesized that IS and leptin would be associated with total testosterone (TT), and free androgen index (FAI) in adolescent males with T1D. Methods: T1D (n=35), T2D (n=13), lean (n=13) and obese (n=9) adolescent males had IS measured by hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamps (glucose infusion rate [GIR]), in addition to leptin, sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG), TT, and FAI. The cohort was stratified into those with T1D (n=35) and those without (n=35). Results: TT and SHBG were lower in T2D boys vs. lean controls, and GIR and leptin correlated with FAI and TT in non-T1D participants. However, despite being insulin resistant, adolescent males with T1D had normal TT and FAI, unrelated to GIR. In T1D, leptin was inversely associated with TT (p=0.005) and FAI (p=0.01), independent of puberty, hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), diabetes duration, body mass index (BMI) z-score and GIR. Conclusion: Leptin accounted for a significant proportion of the variability of testosterone in T1D. However, despite reduced IS, there was no association between IS and testosterone in T1D adolescents. These observations suggest that the mechanisms affecting testosterone may differ between adolescent males with and without T1D. ER  - 
Lack of evidence for progression of atherosclerosis during puberty in type 1 diabetes; Objectives: Children with type 1 diabetes have early changes in vascular structure with increased aortic intima-media thickness (aIMT) or carotid IMT (cIMT). aIMT may be an earlier, more sensitive marker; however, longitudinal data in type 1 diabetes are lacking. This study will aim to evaluate changes in vascular structure (aIMT and cIMT) over 2yr during puberty in children with type 1 diabetes and compare them with those in healthy children. Research design and methods: A total of 110 children (aged 10-18yr, 55 males) participated in a prospective cohort study, including 77 children with type 1 diabetes and 33 age- and sex-matched healthy children. Ultrasound assessments of aIMT and cIMT; and clinical and biochemical data were collected at baseline and 2yr later. Results: Mean and maximal aIMT or cIMT did not worsen over time in children with type 1 diabetes compared with healthy children. Longer duration of diabetes related to an increase in aIMT. Improvement in HDL cholesterol and leptin related to a decrease in aIMT. Higher baseline IMT related to an improvement in IMT in children with type 1 diabetes (mean and maximal aIMT: β=-0.52, p<0.001; β=-0.49, p=0.001, and mean and maximal cIMT: β=-0.36, p=0.003; β=-0.40, p=0.001), independent of cardiovascular risk factors. Conclusions: Aortic and carotid IMT does not deteriorate during puberty in children with type 1 diabetes. This has implications for the design of interventional studies in this important age group. ER  - 
Women's reproductive health factors and body adiposity: Findings from the UK Biobank; Objective:To conduct a comprehensive examination of the association between women's reproductive health factors and measures of body adiposity in a contemporary Western population.Methods:A cross-sectional analysis of 502 664 individuals from the UK Biobank was conducted. Multivariable linear regression models were used to examine the association of age at menarche, age at first birth, parity and age at menopause with measures of general and central body adiposity, adjusted for age, smoking and socioeconomic status. The association between number of children and body adiposity in men was also assessed.Results:Age at menarche was inversely associated with body mass index (BMI); adjusted mean BMI was 29.0 kg m-2 in women with menarche before the age of 12 years, compared with 26.5 kg m-2 in those who had menarche after 14 years of age. Age at first birth was linearly and inversely associated with BMI: 0.16 kg m-2 lower BMI per year increase in age of first birth. Each additional live birth or child fathered was associated with a 0.22 kg m-2 higher BMI in women and a 0.14 kg m-2 higher BMI in men. There was no evidence for an association between age at menopause and BMI. Corresponding associations for other markers of general or abdominal adiposity were similar to those for BMI. Findings were broadly similar in analyses stratified by age, smoking status, socioeconomic status, ethnic background, and history of diabetes or cardiovascular disease.Conclusions:In women from a contemporary Western population, earlier age at menarche and age at first birth, and higher number of total live births were associated with higher levels of body adiposity. Prospective evaluations of the association between reproductive health factors, adiposity and the onset of cardiometabolic diseases are needed to assess causality, and to explore the mechanisms involved. ER  - 
A large variety of clinical features and concomitant disorders in celiac disease - A cohort study in the Netherlands; Background and aims: Celiac disease (CeD) is a gluten triggered, immune-mediated disease of the small intestine. Few clinical cohort descriptions are available, despite the diverse clinical picture. This study provides an overview of a large Dutch CeD cohort focusing on presenting symptoms, co-occurrence of immune mediated diseases (IMD) and malignancies. Methods: We performed a retrospective study in a Dutch university and a non-university medical hospital and included only biopsy proven (≥Marsh type 2 classification) CeD patients. Results: 412 patients were included, selected from 9468 small-bowel biopsy pathology reports and financial codes.Classical symptoms were present in approximately one third of the cohort (diarrhea (37.4%), fatigue (35.0%), weight loss (31.6%), abdominal pain (33.3%)). Atypical symptoms as constipation (10.4%) and reflux (12.4%) were reported as well. 11.7% was diagnosed without reported symptoms.In 25.2% concomitant IMD occurred (most prevalent: type 1 diabetes mellitus (4.9%), microscopic colitis (4.9%), immune mediated-thyroid disease (4.1%)). CeD patients with a concomitant IMD were diagnosed at a significantly higher age compared to those without (P = 0.002). Malignancies occurred in 53 cases (12.9%), including eight Enteropathy Associated T-cell Lymphomas. Conclusion: This is the first study describing a CeD cohort in such detail in the Netherlands and highlights the clinical heterogeneity and importance of screening for concomitant diseases in CeD. ER  - 
Prepubertal children exposed to concentrated disadvantage: An exploratory analysis of inflammation and metabolic dysfunction; Objective It is unclear whether physiologic and metabolic biomarkers are associated with chronic stressors evidenced during early childhood. Methods Cross-sectional data were obtained from a cohort of healthy, prepubertal (Tanner stage < 2) children (n = 96; age: 8.06 [7.8] years; M = 51 [53%]; F = 45 [47%]; African-American = 26 [27%]; Caucasian = 70 [73%]; with obesity = 21 [22%]; without obesity = 75 [78%]) from the MET study. Body mass index z-score (z-BMI), total body fat (BF), visceral adipose tissue (VAT), intrahepatic and intramyocellular lipids, and insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) were measured. Chronic stress was assessed using neighborhood concentrated disadvantage index (CDI) for the U.S. Census tracts in which participants resided. Spearman's rank correlations were used to examine relationships, accounting for sex and race. Results CDI was not positively associated with inflammatory and metabolic markers of dysfunction. However, z-BMI (-0.234, P = 0.023), BF (-0.228, P = 0.028, n = 95), and VAT (-0.241, P = 0.042, n = 74) were significantly negatively associated with CDI. When stratifying by race, these relationships remained significant in Caucasian children only. Conclusions These findings suggest chronic stress during early childhood is not associated with inflammatory and metabolic biomarkers, typically observed in adults. Therefore, exposure to stress during this critical developmental period may remain latent and emerge during a later developmental stage. ER  - 
Divergent associations of height with cardiometabolic disease and cancer: Epidemiology, pathophysiology, and global implications; Among chronic non-communicable diseases, cardiometabolic diseases and cancer are the most important causes of morbidity and mortality worldwide. Although high BMI and waist circumference, as estimates of total and abdominal fat mass, are now accepted as predictors of the increasing incidence of these diseases, adult height, which also predicts mortality, has been neglected. Interestingly, increasing evidence suggests that height is associated with lower cardiometabolic risk, but higher cancer risk, associations supported by mendelian randomisation studies. Understanding the complex epidemiology, biology, and pathophysiology related to height, and its association with cardiometabolic diseases and cancer, is becoming even more important because average adult height has increased substantially in many countries during recent generations. Among the mechanisms driving the increase in height and linking height with cardiometabolic diseases and cancer are insulin and insulin-like growth factor signalling pathways. These pathways are thought to be activated by overnutrition, especially increased intake of milk, dairy products, and other animal proteins during different stages of child development. Limiting overnutrition during pregnancy, early childhood, and puberty would avoid not only obesity, but also accelerated growth in children-and thus might reduce risk of cancer in adulthood. ER  - 
Weight Gain and Metabolic Consequences of Risperidone in Young Children with Autism Spectrum Disorder; Objective We examine weight gain and metabolic consequences of risperidone monotherapy in children with autism spectrum disorder (ASD). Method This was a 24-week, multisite, randomized trial of risperidone only versus risperidone plus parent training in 124 children (mean age 6.9 ± 2.35 years; 105 boys and 19 girls) with ASD and serious behavioral problems. We monitored height, weight, waist circumference, and adverse effects during the trial. Fasting blood samples were obtained before treatment and at week 16. Results In 97 children with a mean of 22.9 ± 2.8 weeks of risperidone exposure, there was a 5.4 ± 3.4 kg weight gain over 24 weeks (p <.0001); waist circumference increased from 60.7 ± 10.4 cm to 66.8 ± 11.3 cm (p <.0001). At baseline, 59 of 97 children (60.8%) were classified as having normal weight; by week 24, only 25 of 85 (29.4%) remained in that group. Growth curve analysis showed a significant change in body mass index (BMI) z scores from pretreatment to week 24 (p <.0001). This effect was significantly greater for children with reported increased appetite in the first 8 weeks. From before treatment to week 16, there were significant increases in glucose (p =.02), hemoglobin A1c (p =.01), insulin (p <.0001), homeostatic model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR; p <.001), alanine aminotransferase (p =.01), and leptin (p <.0001). Adiponectin declined (p =.003). At baseline, 7 children met conventional criteria for metabolic syndrome; by week 16, 12 additional children were so classified. Conclusion Rapid weight gain with risperidone treatment may promote the cascade of biochemical indices associated with insulin resistance and metabolic syndrome. Appetite, weight, waist circumference, liver function tests, blood lipids, and glucose warrant monitoring. Clinical trial registration information - Drug and Behavioral Therapy for Children With Pervasive Developmental Disorders; http://clinicaltrials.gov/; NCT00080145. ER  - 
Prevalence and clinical features of polycystic ovarian syndrome in adolescents with previous childhood growth hormone deficiency; Background: Growth hormone (GH) plays a role in the regulation of ovarian function but there are limited data in women with GH deficiency (GHD). Our aim was to evaluate the features of polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) in women with previous GHD. Methods: Data of 22 adolescents previously GH-treated (group A) were compared with those of 22 women with classical PCOS (group B) and 20 controls (group C). Results: Group A showed higher testosterone (p=0.048) and prevalence of menstrual irregularities (p<0.001) than group C. Compared to the group B, group A showed lower diastolic blood pressure (p=0.004), degree of hirsutism (p=0.005), testosterone (p=0.003) and prevalence of polycsytic ovaries (POC) morphology (p=0.024), with higher HDL-cholesterol (p=0.035) and 17-β-estradiol (p=0.009). Conclusions: Adolescents with previous GHD show a higher prevalence of PCOS than controls, but with milder metabolic and hormonal features than adolescents with classical PCOS. A careful long-term follow-up is advisable in these patients. ER  - 
Pituitary gigantism: A retrospective case series; Background: Pituitary gigantism (PG) is a rare pediatric disease with poorly defined long-term outcomes. Our aim is to describe the longitudinal clinical course in PG patients using a single-center, retrospective cohort study. Methods: Patients younger than 19 years diagnosed with PG were identified. Thirteen cases were confirmed based on histopathology of a GH secreting adenoma or hyperplasia and a height >2 SD for age and gender. Laboratory studies, initial pathology, and imaging were abstracted. Results: Average age at diagnosis was 13 years with an average initial tumor size of 7.4×3.8 mm. Initial transsphenoidal surgery was curative in 3/12 patients. Four of the nine patients who failed the initial surgery required a repeat procedure. Octreotide successfully normalized GH levels in 1/6 patients with disease refractory to surgery (1/6). Two out of five patients received pegvisomant after failing octreotide but only one patient responded to treatment. Five patients were ultimately treated with radiosurgery or radiation patients were followed for an average of 10 years. Conclusions: PG is difficult to treat. In most patients, the initial transsphenoidal surgery failed to normalize GH levels. If the initial surgery was unsuccessful, repeat surgery was unlikely to control GH secretion. Treatment with octreotide or pegvisomant was successful in less than half the patients failing surgery. Radiosurgery was curative, but is not an optimal treatment for pediatric patients. Despite the small sample, our study suggests that the treatment outcome of pediatric PG may be different than adults. ER  - 
Reproductive Factors Predicting Angiographic Obstructive Coronary Artery Disease: The Korean wOmen'S Chest Pain rEgistry (KoROSE); Background: Whether reproductive factors are associated with coronary artery disease (CAD) has been debated. The aim of this study was to investigate etiologic associations of a wide range of reproductive factors of women with the presence of angiographic obstructive CAD. Materials and Methods: Study data were obtained from a nationwide registry that enrolled 687 Korean women (59.9 ± 11.4 years) with chest pain undergoing invasive coronary angiography (ICA). Obstructive CAD was defined as ≥50% luminal stenosis of one or more epicardial coronary arteries in ICA. Information on reproductive history, including ages at menarche and menopause, duration of reproductive capacity, number of pregnancies, hormonal replacement therapy, and history of twin pregnancy, was obtained using a standardized questionnaire. Results: A total of 178 women (25.9%) had obstructive CAD. Multivariable logistic regression analysis identified that later age at menarche (odds ratio [OR] = 1.265, 95% confidence interval [CI] = 1.064-1.504, p = 0.008, per year) and increased number of pregnancies (OR = 1.223, 95% CI = 1.026-1.457, p = 0.025, per pregnancy) were the independent predictors of obstructive CAD even after controlling for potential confounders, including age, diabetes mellitus, hypertension, dyslipidemia, renal function, high-density lipoprotein level, white blood cell count, hemoglobin, and E/e'. Conclusions: Later age at menarche and increased number of pregnancies may be reproductive risk factors for angiographic obstructive CAD, suggesting the important role of hormonal status in the development of CAD. ER  - 
Pediatric thyroid cancer: Postoperative classifications and response to initial therapy as prognostic factors; Context: Prognostic factors for pediatric differentiated thyroid cancer (DTC) are not well established. Objective: The objective of the study was to retrospectively compare the postoperative risk-stratification systems: American Thyroid Association (ATA) risk categories, Schneider Children's Medical Center of Israel (SCMCI) score, and the response to initial therapy as predictors for disease outcome. Patients and Methods: Fifty-four DTC patients, median age at diagnosis 13.9 years (range 1.9-17 y), followed up for a median of 8.8 years (range 2.6-20.5 y) were stratified into prepubertal (n = 9), pubertal (n = 25), and postpubertal (n = 20) groups. All patients underwent total/near-total thyroidectomy; 48 received radioiodine therapy. The extent of DTC was evaluated by applying the ATA risk categories and the novel SCMCI score. Postoperative risk stratifications (low/intermediate/high) were determined using histopathological, laboratory, and imaging findings. Response to initial therapy (complete/acceptable/incomplete) was based on stimulated thyroglobulin and imaging results during the first 2 years of follow-up. Results: The risk for recurrent/persistent disease, as assessed by the postoperative ATA risk-stratification system and the SCMCI score and by the response to initial therapy, was higher in the prepubertal group (P < .001, P = .002, and P = .02, respectively). Outcome prediction by the risk-stratification systems was applicable: ATA risk categories, P = .014, R2 = 0.247, predictive ability 80.4%; SCMCI score, P < .001, R2 = 0.435, predictive ability 86.3%; and response to initial therapy stratification, P < .001, R2 = 0.789, predictive ability 96.1%. The proportion of variance explained by the ATA risk categories (0.25), SCMCI score (0.44), and response to initial therapy (0.79) indicated that the latter was the most precise predictor and that the SCMCI score reflected the disease outcome better than ATA risk categories. Conclusions: Our data confirm that the postoperative pediatric ATA stratification system and the novel SCMCI score are suitable for predicting the risk of recurrent/persistent disease in this population. The response to initial therapy classification performed 1-2 years after the initial therapy may be more appropriate for guiding surveillance recommendations. ER  - 
Serum amino acid profiles in childhood predict triglyceride level in adulthood: A 7-year longitudinal study in girls; Context: Branched-chain and aromatic amino acids are associated with high risk of developing dyslipidemia and type II diabetes in adults. Objective: This study aimed to examine whether serum amino acid profiles associate with triglyceride concentrations during pubertal growth and predict hypertriglyceridemia in early adulthood. Design: This was a 7.5-year longitudinal study. Setting: The study was conducted at the Health Science Laboratory, University of Jyväskylä. Participants: A total of 396 nondiabetic Finnish girls aged 11.2 ± 0.8 years at the baseline participated in the study. Main Outcome Measures: Body composition was assessed by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry; serum concentrations of glucose, insulin, and triglyceride by enzymatic photometric methods; and amino acids by nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy. Results: Serum leucine and isoleucine correlated significantly with future triglyceride, independent of baseline triglyceride level (P < .05 for all). In early adulthood (at the age of 18 years), these amino acids were significantly associated with hypertriglyceridemia, whereas fat mass and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance were not. Leucine was the strongest determinant discriminating subjects with hypertriglyceridemia from those with normal triglyceride level (area under the curve, 0.822; 95% confidence interval, 0.740-0.903; P = .000001). Conclusions: Serum leucine and isoleucine were associated with future serum triglyceride levels in girls during pubertal growth and predicted hypertriglyceridemia in early adulthood. Therefore, these amino acid indices may serve as biomarkers to identify individuals at high risk for developing hypertriglyceridemia and cardiovascular disease later in life. Further studies are needed to elucidate the role these amino acids play in the lipid metabolism. ER  - 
Complementary effects of genetic variations in LEPR on body composition and soluble leptin receptor concentration after 3-month lifestyle intervention in prepubertal obese children; In obese individuals, weight loss might be affected by variants of the adipokine-encoding genes. We verified whether selected functional single nucleotide polymorphisms in LEP, LEPR and ADIPOQ are associated with changes in serum levels of the respective adipokines and weight loss in 100 prepubertal obese (SDS-BMI > 2) Caucasian children undergoing lifestyle intervention. Frequencies of the -2548G > A LEP, Q223R LEPR, K656N LEPR, -11377C > G and -11426A > G ADIPOQ polymorphisms were analyzed by restriction fragment length polymorphism. Serum adipokine and soluble leptin receptor (sOB-R) concentrations were measured using the ELISA method. Among the analyzed polymorphisms, only LEPR polymorphisms were associated with changes of SDS-BMI or sOB-R concentrations in children after therapy. Carriers of the wild-type K665N and at least one minor Q223R allele had the greatest likelihood of losing weight (OR = 5.09, p = 0.006), an increase in sOB-R (ptrend = 0.022) and decrease in SDS-BMI correlated with the decrease of fat mass (p < 0.001). In contrast, carrying of the wild-type Q223R and at least one minor K665N allele were associated with a decrease in sOB-R concentrations and a decrease in SDS-BMI correlated with a decrease in fat-free mass (p = 0.002). We suggest that the combination of different LEPR variants, not a single variant, might determine predisposition to weight loss in the prepubertal period. ER  - 
Attachment strategies and neuroendocrine biomarkers in obese children; Introduction: Quality of the parent-infant relationship influences the mechanisms of development of the child’s physiological stress regulation. This study explored associations between attachment strategies and both cortisol and thyroid stimulating hormone, hypothesized to be respectively a potential mediator and a potential intervening variable of the mother-child relationship in obese children. Material and Methods: A sample of 83 obese children (46 boys), aged 10.9 (1.8) years was recruited from a child obesity clinic. Obesity was defined by body mass index percentile adjusted for age and sex. Metabolic biomarkers were measured by routine methods. Attachment strategies were assessed with self and parent-report questionnaires. Family functioning was assessed with parent-reported questionnaires (FACES-III). Multivariate linear regression analyses were performed. Results: Type A, avoidant attachment strategies, had significant positive association with thyroid stimulating hormone levels and negative association with cortisol levels (R2 = 0.352). Type B, secure attachment strategies, had significant positive associations with both hypothyroidism and body mass index percentile (R2 = 0.541). “Insecure attachment” (types A and C combined) strategies showed some evidence of positive association with thyroid stimulating hormone (R2 = 0.250). Discussion: These findings suggest that there may be commonalities in the regulation of hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal and hypothalamic-pituitary-thyroid axes. Processes involved in development of the type A attachment strategy appear to be associated with effects on the regulatory mechanisms of the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis. Conclusions: In obese children, different attachment strategies are associated with diverse metabolic profiles. How this may contribute to developing differentiated treatment approaches remains to be explored. ER  - 
Etiology of short stature in northern India; Objective. Short stature can be caused by a great variety of congenital and acquired conditions, some of which present with additional symptoms and signs. Overall, the number of patients seeking medical attention for short stature may be considered as the tip of the iceberg. The objective of this study was to determine the pattern and etiological factors of short stature in children. Methodology. A cross-sectional study was carried out in the Department of Endocrinology at a tertiary care health center in north India from August 2012 to June 2015. Four hundred and fifty one children (280 boys and 171 girls), ranging from 4 to 18 years presenting with short stature were studied. Anthropometric measurements were plotted on Indian standard growth charts. Results. In this study, the male to female ratio was found to be 1.6:1, with mean chronological age of 11.6+3.2 years, and mean bone age of 7.8+2.8 years. The common etiologic factors in the order of frequency were constitutional delay in growth and puberty (41.2%), familial short stature (15.9%), type 1 diabetes mellitus (9.9%), and hypothyroidism (8.6%) while growth hormone deficiency (2.4%) was a relatively uncommon cause. The most common pathological cause for proportionate short stature was type 1 diabetes and for disproportionate short stature was hypothyroidism. Hypothyroidism caused the maximum retardation of bone age while the least bone age retardation was noticed in familial short stature. Conclusion. Physiological/normal variants outnumbered the pathological causes of short stature. Endocrinological causes were found in almost one fourth of children with short stature; however, growth hormone deficiency was found in only 2.4% of the children. ER  - 
MRI-guided stereotactic radiofrequency thermocoagulation for 100 hypothalamic hamartomas; Objective The aim of this study was to elucidate the invasiveness, effectiveness, and feasibility of MRI-guided stereotactic radiofrequency thermocoagulation (SRT) for hypothalamic hamartoma (HH). Methods The authors examined the clinical records of 100 consecutive patients (66 male and 34 female) with intractable gelastic seizures (GS) caused by HH, who underwent SRT as a sole surgical treatment between 1997 and 2013. The median duration of follow-up was 3 years (range 1-17 years). Seventy cases involved pediatric patients. Ninety percent of patients also had other types of seizures (non-GS). The maximum diameter of the HHs ranged from 5 to 80 mm (median 15 mm), and 15 of the tumors were giant HHs with a diameter of 30 mm or more. Comorbidities included precocious puberty (33.0%), behavioral disorder (49.0%), and mental retardation (50.0%). Results A total of 140 SRT procedures were performed. There was no adaptive restriction for the giant or the subtype of HH, regardless of any prior history of surgical treatment or comorbidities. Patients in this case series exhibited delayed precocious puberty (9.0%), pituitary dysfunction (2.0%), and weight gain (7.0%), besides the transient hypothalamic symptoms after SRT. Freedom from GS was achieved in 86.0% of patients, freedom from other types of seizures in 78.9%, and freedom from all seizures in 71.0%. Repeat surgeries were not effective for non-GS. Seizure freedom led to disappearance of behavioral disorders and to intellectual improvement. Conclusions The present SRT procedure is a minimally invasive and highly effective surgical procedure without adaptive limitations. SRT involves only a single surgical procedure appropriate for all forms of epileptogenic HH and should be considered in patients with an early history of GS. ER  - 
Pediatric patients with type 1-diabetes: growth and growth failure associated factors; Background Type 1 diabetes (T1D) usually occurs in the pediatric age and affects the growth of children. The aim of this work was to describe growth and growth failure associated factors in a population of children with T1D in a tertiary level pediatric hospital. Methods A case-control nested in a cohort study was conducted. We included patients with TD1 under 16 years of age with a minimum follow-up of 12 months. Data as age at T1D diagnosis, anthropometry, glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c), as well as the pubertal development (Tanner stage) were collected at the time of diagnosis and during 4 years of follow-up. At the end of the follow-up, patients with growth failure and without it were compared, matched by sex, age at TD1 diagnosis. Univariate and multivariate analyses were performed. Results On the first year of follow-up, 95 patients were gathered, 88 patients were still followed by the second year, 56 patients were kept for the third year, and 46 patients were still followed-up by the fourth year. Median age was 9.5 years and 50% were preadolescents. During their evolution, 50% had growth failure. According to the multivariate analysis, the factor associated with growth failure was the HbA1c in the first year post-diagnosis (OR 4.08; 95% CI 1.34-12.42). Conclusions In the first year post-diagnosis of children with T1D, HbA1c was associated with growth failure. ER  - 
Evaluation of factors modifying endometrial cancer risk among women with Lynch syndrome: A cohort study; Background: Lynch syndrome (LS) is associated with a significant lifetime risk of endometrial cancer (EC) among mutation carrier women. Data are limited concerning the effect of the established sporadic EC risk factors among women with LS. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the impact of these risk factors on EC occurrence in LS. Methods: The study cohort included 136 LS mutation carrier women of median age of 58 years at survey (range 29-85). Fifty women had a history of EC diagnosed at a median age of 49 years. Eighty-six women had no history of EC, but prophylactic hysterectomy had been performed to 52 women at a median age of 45 years. Lifestyle-related factors, medical and reproductive history were assessed by postal questionnaires. Cox regression model was used to estimate the associations between factors such as parity, hormonal contraceptive use, cigarette smoking, alcohol consumption, age at menarche, diabetes (all reported cases were non-insulin dependent), hypercholesterolemia, hypertension, body mass index (BMI) and the risk of EC. Results: In univariate analysis, diabetes and hypercholesterolemia were associated with an elevated risk of EC (HR 3.21, 95% CI 1.34- 7.78, p = 0.009 and HR 2.08, 95% CI 1.11-3.90, p = 0.02; respectively). Diabetic LS women were more obese than non-diabetic LS women at survey (mean BMI 32 vs. 26, p = 0.002, t-test), but BMI at the age of 18, 40 or at survey did not associate with the risk of EC (HR 1.03, 95% CI 0.91-1.17, p = 0.6; HR 1.04, 95% CI 0.98-1.11, p = 0.19; HR 1.02, 95% CI 0.97-1.08, p = 0.42; respectively). In multivariable analysis including age and BMI at survey, diabetes and hypercholesterolemia, diabetes was associated with the risk of EC (HR 2.59, 95% CI 1.04-6.47, p = 0.04). Conclusions: Diabetes was associated with an elevated risk of developing EC in genetically predisposed LS women. Lifestyle modifications aiming at prevention of diabetes may be considered beneficial among women with LS as a strategy of reducing EC risk. ER  - 
Further evidence for a role of human growth hormone (HGH) in the control of penile erection in the adult male; Objective(s): Human growth hormone (GH) has been suggested to be involved in sexual maturation and play a role in male reproductive function. Treatment with recombinant GH in patients with GH-deficiency increases nitric oxide (NO) and cGMP. The purpose of our study was to examine the role of GH in the mechanism of penile erection in adult males. Material and Method(s): The effects of GH were investigated on electrically (EFS)-induced relaxations of isolated HCC in the absence and in presence of the guanylyl cyclase inhibitor ODQ and NO synthase inhibitor L-NOARG (10 mM). Effects of GH on the production of cGMP in the absence and presence of ODQ and L-NOARG were also elucidated. In 35 healthy adult males and 45 ED patients, blood samples were drawn simultaneously from the corpus cavernosum penis (CC) and a cubital vein (P) during the penile conditions flaccidity, tumescence, rigidity (healthy subjects only) and detumescence. Serum levels of GH and IGF-1 (insulin-like growth factor) were determined by means of immunoradiometric assays. Result(s): ODQ and L-NOARG abolished the relaxation of the tissue induced by EFS, whereas amplitudes were increased by GH (1 nM - 100 nM). The attenuation of EFS-induced amplitudes by L-NOARG but not ODQ was, in part, reversed by GH. The production of cGMP induced by 10 nM GH was abolished in the presence of 10 mM ODQ, the combination of GH (10 nM) + L-NOARG (10 mM) maintained cGMP-production significantly above baseline (0.68 versus 1.07 pmol cGMP/mg protein). In the healthy males, an increase in GH serum levels (ng/ml) was registered in the systemic circulation and the cavernous blood during tumescence (mean: 5.2 to 9.5). GH levels decreased from tumescence to rigidity (7.2) and detumescence (6.1). In the patients, mean GH levels were determined to be about 7-fold lower than in the blood of the healthy males, the increase in systemic and cavernous GH levels from flaccidity to tumescence was 5-fold weaker than in the healthy subjects. In a cohort of patients with ED (30 to 70 years of age), IGF-1 levels were significantly below the age-adapted reference values. Conclusion(s): Our data provide evidence that GH may act on guanylyl cyclase activity via an NO-independent effect. We consider our data evidence that GH is of importance in the maintenance of male erectile capability. ER  - 
A case of SRY-positive XX men; Objective: The chromosomal sex determinates the gonadal sex. The expression of the testis-determining gene SRY (Sex determining Region Y), located on the Y chromosome, determines the development of the bipotential embryonic gonad into testis. Very rarely (< 300 cases described) translocation of a DNA-segment including SRY gene from the Y to the X chromosome occurs during paternal meiosis, leading to SRY-positive XX men. These men are characterized by two X chromosomes, instead of an X and an Y, but the expression of the SRY gene located on the X chromosome is sufficient to cause the development of the testis. However, during translocation, other essential genes for spermatogenesis, such as AZF region, are lost, so XX males are infertile. To date, no case of paternity has been reported following TESE/ICSI. Similarly to Klinefelter subjects, XX males have small and firm testes (1-3 ml), azoospermia and low testosterone levels, but lower height than Klinefelter patients. Gynecomastia, maldescended testes and hypospadias may also occur [see 1]. Methods: A Caucasian 63 years-old male presented on November 2013 complaining of the onset of a severe erectile dysfunction after surgery for a massive scrotal hernia on the right sight. He complained also of the absence of spontaneous erections, hypoactive sexual desire and delayed ejaculation. The clinical characteristics of the patient are reported in the Table. He reported delayed puberty (15 years old). He reported no previous or actual diseases or pharmacological therapy. He was married with two children. At physical examination he showed short stature (156 cm), small testes (2 ml at Prader evaluation), reduced prostate size at digito-rectal examination and no gynecomastia. At scrotal, transrectal and basal penile color- Doppler ultrasound he showed reduced (1 ml), inhomogeneous testes with calcifications, small prostate volume (8.5 ml) with normal seminal vesicles [according to 2] and slightly reduced arterial flow at cavernosal arteries [see 3]. Results of validated questionnaires exploring sexual function, prostate-related and psychological symptoms are reported in Table [see 4-6 for methods]. Biochemical examination showed hypergonadotropic hypogonadism, with slightly high fasting glycemia and low HDL. Since clinical data were suggestive for karyotype abnormalities and in disagreement with the history of paternity, karyotype evaluation was required. Surprisingly, a karyotype 46, XX. ish der (X)t(X;Y)(p22.3;p11.3)(SRY+) was observed. Results: 75-g oral glucose tolerance test was performed, and normal fasting and loading glucose was observed. Vertebral and femoral DEXA showed osteopenia. Treatment with testosterone undecanoate and Tadalafil 20 mg on demand was started. After 3 months the patient reported amelioration of erections. However, he complained of the onset of premature ejaculation. Thyroid dysfunctions and prostatitis were excluded and treatment with Dapoxetine was suggested, with amelioration of the ejaculatory time. We decided not to ask karyotype evaluation in the children. Conclusion: This case report suggests that 1. patients have a poor perception of the size of their testes 2.a trigger (testicular iatrogenic damage by surgery?) can exacerbate a symptom related to a borderline medical condition (hypergonadotropic hypogonadism lifetime present in the patient?); 3. karyotype abnormalities should be suspected in all subjects with low testes volume, to make a diagnosis even if in disagreement with the clinical history (paternity); 4. testosterone may play a role as a modulator of the ejaculatory process. A debate should be opened on the opportunity to inform a patient of a genetic defect incompatible with his believed fatherhood (possible legal implications). (Table Presented). ER  - 
Glucose metabolism alteration after kidney transplantation in pediatric patients; Introduction and Aims: In post-transplant period, glucose metabolism is altered mostly due to immunsupressive agents (e.g. corticosteroids, calcineurine inhibitors) and fast weight gain. Physical signs of insulin resistance, impaired glucose tolerance test results and new onset diabetes after transplantation (NODAT) are detected pathologies. Moreover, this altered glucose metabolism could be a cause of cardiovascular complications, deterioration of graft problems and morbidities. Early detection and appropriate treatment plan have utmost importance to reduce risk and complication rate. In this study, we aimed to assess glucose metabolism changes in children between pre- and post-transplantation period. Methods: We conducted a retrospective study with the clinical and laboratory findings of 36 pediatric kidney transplant patients by 2006-2015. Last laboratory assement before transplantation and also, clinical and laboratory parameters in post-transplant period were taken from evaluation records according to our annually assessment protocol. Results: In 9 (25%) patients have altered glucose metabolism (NODAT in 2 patients, insulin resistance in 3 patients, glucose intolerance in 4 patients). There was a positive corelation between age, being on chronic PD programme, the need for insulin treatment in perioperative and first 24 hours in post-transplant period, low glomerular filtration rate, high BMI, begining of puberty and NODAT, insulin resistance and glucose intolerance (p<0.05). Conclusions: In conclusion, altered glucose metabolism (NODAT, insulin resistance, glucose intolerance) in pediatric kidney transplant patients is an important co-morbidity. We believe that risk assessment for glucose metabolism disorder should be start before transplantation and continued annually after transplantation. ER  - 
Saturation of subcutaneous adipose tissue expansion and accumulation of ectopic fat associated with metabolic dysfunction during late and post-pubertal growth; Background/Objective:Puberty is a period defined by large changes in adipose tissue accumulation and distribution; however, longitudinal patterns of ectopic fat development have not been shown. We have previously shown significant declines in beta-cell function (BCF) across puberty and hypothesize that accumulation of ectopic fat deposition, particularly hepatic fat, will predict this fall.Subject/Methods:We conducted a longitudinal study and examined 2-year change in abdominal fat distribution and type 2 diabetes risk markers in 76 Hispanic children and young adults (16.1±0.5 years, 66% obese, 52% male, 51% post-pubertal). Subcutaneous abdominal adipose tissue (SAAT), visceral adipose tissue (VAT), hepatic fat fraction (HFF) and pancreatic fat fraction (PFF) were measured by 3-Tesla magnetic resonance imaging, and markers of type 2 diabetes risk were collected at fasting and during an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT).Results:Baseline pubertal status significantly moderated the 2-year change in ectopic fat deposition, such that VAT, HFF and PFF increased in individuals during late and post-pubertal growth, whereas children earlier in their pubertal development decreased ectopic accumulation and had less VAT accumulation (VAT: p Tanner∗time =0.044, 0.31±0.08 l vs 0.03±0.10 l; HFF: p Tanner∗time =0.007, 1.34±0.87% vs -2.61±1.11%; PFF: p Tanner∗time <0.001, 1.61±0.39% vs -0.96±0.50%). Independent of pubertal status, the 2-year increase in HFF and VAT significantly associated with a decline in BCF (ß=-1.04, P=0.038; ß=-1.81, P=0.020) and metabolic function, while accumulation of SAAT significantly associated with BCF (ß=1.36, P=0.012) and metabolic improvement. HFF accumulation was the only depot to significantly predict clinical markers of type 2 diabetes risk, fasting glucose and HbA1c, and circulating free fatty acid levels (ß=1.00, P=0.034; ß=1.00, P=0.015; ß=01.01, P=0.024).Conclusions:The accumulation of SAAT defends against type 2 diabetes risk and potentially ectopic fat accumulation. Intra-abdominal VAT and HFF accumulation both associate with metabolic decline and BCF, while HFF predicts an even greater number of metabolic risk features. ER  - 
Genetic Risk Scores Implicated in Adult Bone Fragility Associate with Pediatric Bone Density; Using adult identified bone mineral density (BMD) loci, we calculated genetic risk scores (GRS) to determine if they were associated with changes in BMD during childhood. Longitudinal data from the Bone Mineral Density in Childhood Study were analyzed (N = 798, 54% female, all European ancestry). Participants had up to 6 annual dual energy X-ray scans, from which areal BMD (aBMD) Z-scores for the spine, total hip, and femoral neck were estimated, as well as total body less head bone mineral content (TBLH-BMC) Z-scores. Sixty-three single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) were genotyped, and the percentage of BMD-lowering alleles carried was calculated (overall adult GRS). Subtype GRS that include SNPs associated with fracture risk, pediatric BMD, WNT signaling, RANK-RANKL-OPG, and mesenchymal stem cell differentiation were also calculated. Linear mixed effects models were used to test associations between each GRS and bone Z-scores, and if any association differed by sex and/or chronological age. The overall adult, fracture, and WNT signaling GRS were associated with lower Z-scores (eg, spine aBMD Z-score: βadult = -0.04, p = 3.4 × 10-7; βfracture = -0.02, p = 8.9 × 10-6; βWNT = -0.01, p = 3.9 × 10-4). The overall adult GRS was more strongly associated with lower Z-scores in females (p-interaction ≤ 0.05 for all sites). The fracture GRS was more strongly associated with lower Z-scores with increasing age (p-interaction ≤ 0.05 for all sites). The WNT GRS associations remained consistent for both sexes and all ages (p-interaction > 0.05 for all sites). The RANK-RANKL-OPG GRS was more strongly associated in females with increasing age (p-interaction < 0.05 for all sites). The mesenchymal stem cell GRS was associated with lower total hip and femoral neck Z-scores, in both boys and girls, across all ages. No associations were observed between the pediatric GRS and bone Z-scores. In conclusion, adult identified BMD loci associated with BMD and BMC in the pediatric setting, especially in females and in loci involved in fracture risk and WNT signaling. ER  - 
Influence of Ultraviolet Radiation on the Association between 25-Hydroxy Vitamin D Levels and Cardiovascular Risk Factors in Obesity; Objective To establish if the correction with estimates of ultraviolet (UV) exposure influences the association between 25-OH-Vitamin D (25OHD) levels and metabolic variables. Study design A cross-sectional study was performed in 575 obese children and adolescents (>6 years of age) in a tertiary referral center. Cardiovascular risk factors were measured. The estimate of UV exposure was evaluated by 3 methods: (1) season; (2) mean of UV radiation (UVR); and (3) mean of UV index (UVI). UVR and UVI were considered at 1 (UVR 1 month prior to testing [UVR1], UVI 1 month prior to testing [UVI1]) or 3 (UVR 3 months prior to testing [UVR3], UVI 3 months prior to testing [UVI3]) months prior to testing. All analyses were corrected for confounders (sex, age, puberty, body mass index, waist circumference, the inclusion and exclusion of estimates of UV exposure). Results The 25OHD levels were associated with seasons, UVR1, UVR3, UVI1, and UVI3, and best associations with UVR3 and UVI3. In all models, total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and triglycerides were negatively associated with 25OHD levels. The strength of the association increased with no correction, correction for seasons, UVR, and UVI. UVR3 and UVI3 performed better than UVR1 and UVI3. Conclusions Higher lipid concentrations were associated with low 25OHD levels in obese children and adolescents with the power of the association dependent on the estimates of UVR. As the mean values 3 months prior to testing for both UVR and UVI determined the best associations, the interval of the steady state time of 25OHD levels could be preferentially used in the metabolic studies. Controlling for an estimate of UVR is important to decrease the heterogeneity of studies. ER  - 
Growth, development, puberty and adult height of patients with congenital multiple pituitary hormone deficiencies; Objective: Congenital MPHD is a rare condition caused by mutations in pituitary transcription factors genes: PROP1, POU1F1 (PIT1), HESX1, LHX3, LHX4. Design: We evaluated in a retrospective study the effects on growth and development in 29 patients with congenital MPHD (cMPHD), during hGH replacement therapy alone and combined with sex hormones. Twenty nine patients with cMPHD were included and diagnosed, treated and followed in our clinic from diagnosis to adult age. Measurements on growth and development were taken by the same medical team. Results: Mean birth weight of 21/29 neonates was 3126 ± 536 g. Mean birth length of 7/29 neonates was 48.7 ± 2 cm. Neuromotor development was normal or slightly delayed. Mean age at referral was 9.5 ± 7 years (m), 6.7 ± 3.5 years (f) (p = 0.17). Height (SDS) before treatment was -. 2.8 ± 1.0 (m), -. 2.8 ± 1.0 (f) (p = 0.99). Mean age at initiation of hGH treatment was 9.9 ± 6.7 years (m), 10.3 ± 4.2 years (f) (p = 0.85). Mean age at initiation of sex hormone treatment was 17.0 ± 3.5 years (m), 17.1 ± 2.3 years (f) (p = 0.88). Penile and testicular sizes were below normal before and after treatment. Head circumference (SD) was -. 1.9 ± 0.9 before and -. 0.6 ± 1.8 at end of treatment (p < 0.001). Adult height (SDS) reached -. 1.1 ± 0.6 (p < 0.001) for both males and females. Conclusion: Despite the multiple pituitary hormone deficiencies including hGH, children with congenital MPHD present with a better auxological development than children with congenital IGHD or congenital IGF-1 deficiency. These findings may be due to irregular and incomplete hormone deficiencies increasing with progressive age and late initiation of puberty. ER  - 
Oral contraceptive use and prevalence of self-reported glaucoma or ocular hypertension in the United States; Purpose To investigate the association between oral contraceptive (OC) use and glaucoma prevalence in the United States. Design Cross-sectional study. Participants A total of 3406 female participants, aged 40 years or older, from the 2005 to 2008 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, who reported a presence or absence of glaucoma or ocular hypertension completed both the vision and the reproductive health questionnaires and underwent eye examinations. Methods Multivariate regression analysis was used to assess the correlation between OC use and self-reported glaucoma or ocular hypertension (n = 231 cases), controlling for potential confounders, including age, ethnicity, systemic comorbidities such as hypertension and stroke, ocular diseases such as cataract and diabetic retinopathy, and reproductive health factors, including age at menopause, age at menarche, history of hormone replacement therapy, and gynecological surgical history. Main Outcome Measures The outcome variable was self-reported glaucoma or ocular hypertension. Results After adjusting for confounders, those with ≥3 years of OC use had greater odds (odds ratio, 1.94; 95% confidence interval, 1.22-3.07) of self-reported glaucoma or ocular hypertension. Other factors associated with higher glaucoma or ocular hypertension prevalence included older age, African American race, and later age at menarche. Conclusions Oral contraceptive use may be associated with increased risk of self-reported glaucoma or ocular hypertension. ER  - 
Anastrozole plus leuprorelin in early maturing girls with compromised growth: The "gAIL" study; Purpose: Aromatase inhibitors have been used to increase predicted adult height (PAH) in boys but in girls only in McCune-Albright syndrome. We investigated whether anastrozole combined with leuprorelin for up to 2 years is safe and effective in improving PAH in girls with early puberty and compromised growth, compared to leuprorelin alone. Methods: The "GAIL" study: girls treated with an aromatase inhibitor and an LHRH analogue, ISRCTN11469487, was a 7-year prospective phase IIa study with parallel design, performed at Athens Medical Center (C-A), and Attikon University Hospital, Athens, Greece (C-B). Forty girls, consecutively referred for early puberty (onset 7.5-9 years) with a PAH <-2 or >1.5 SD lower than their target height (TH), were included. Twenty started on leuprorelin sc/im 0.3 mg/kg/month plus anastrozole 1 mg/d p.o. (group-A, C-A) and 20 on leuprorelin (group-B, C-B) for 2 years or until the age of 10 years. Groups did not differ in age, height, BMI, bone age advancement (BAA), and distance of PAH from TH. Follow-up was at 6, 12, 18, and 24 m. Results: Reduction in BAA was significantly higher in group-A compared to group-B already by 6 m. Despite the transiently significant decrease in height velocity in group-A, gain in PAH SD was almost double by 12 and 18 m vs group-B and reached the maximum of +1.21 ± 0.45 (7.51 cm) vs +0.31 ± 0.37 (1.92 cm, p = 0.001) in group-B at 24 m. Group-A had no clinical or biochemical hyperandrogenism, unchanged normal bone density, and lumbar spine X-rays. Conclusion: The co-administration of anastrozole with leuprorelin safely improves PAH in girls with compromised growth. ER  - 
Impact of obstructive sleep apnoea on insulin resistance in nonobese and obese children; Obstructive sleep apnoea (OSA) has been inconsistently associated with insulin resistance and adverse metabolic states. We aimed to assess independent contributions of OSA to insulin resistance and dyslipidaemia in a large paediatric cohort. Habitually snoring children underwent overnight polysomnography, anthropometric measurements and fasting laboratory evaluations. Primary outcome measures included insulin, glucose, homeostasis model of insulin resistance, lipoproteins and sleep disturbance measures. Among 459 children aged 5-12 years, obesity was the primary driver of most associations between OSA and metabolic measures, but sleep duration was inversely associated with glucose levels, with N3 and rapid eye movement (REM) sleep being negatively associated and sleep fragmentation positively associated with insulin resistance measures. In children with mild OSA, the presence of obesity increased the odds for insulin resistance, while higher apnoea/hypopnoea index values emerged among obese children who were more insulin-resistant. The exclusive presence of interactions between OSA and obesity in the degree of insulin resistance is coupled with synergistic contributions by sleep fragmentation to insulin resistance in the context of obesity. Insufficient N3 or REM sleep may also contribute to higher glycaemia independently of obesity. Studies are needed to better delineate the roles of puberty and sleep fragmentation in insulin resistance and the metabolic syndrome. ER  - 
Insulin resistance and metabolic syndrome in young men with Acne; INTRODUCTION Robust evidence of the association of insulin resistance and metabolic syndrome with acne in male patients is lacking. OBJECTIVE To assess the prevalence of metabolic syndrome and insulin resistance in male patients 20 years or older with acne. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS We performed a cross-sectional study in 100 male patients with acne and 100 age-matched male controls without acne from a dermatology outpatient department of a tertiary care institute. Postadolescent patients were recruited only to negate the effects of physiologic insulin resistance that are seen at the time of puberty and adolescence. Twenty-five patients were included in each of the 4 individual severity groups according to the Global Acne Grading System and were age matched to 100 male controls without acne. EXPOSURES Clinical examination, Global Acne Rating System, National Cholesterol Education Programme Adult Treatment Panel III (NCEP-ATP III), and Homeostasis Model Assessment-Insulin Resistance (HOMA-IR). MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES Metabolic syndromewas diagnosed as per the criteria of the modified NCEP-ATP III. Insulin resistance was assessed by the HOMA-IR. A HOMA-IR value greater than 2.5 was arbitrarily considered as insulin resistance. RESULTS Prevalence of insulin resistance was significantly higher in cases (22%) compared with controls (11%) (P = .03). The prevalence of metabolic syndrome was comparable between cases (17%) and controls (9%) (P = .09). Prevalence of insulin resistance and metabolic syndrome did not differ significantly among the acne severity groups. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE Postadolescent male patients with acne more commonly have insulin resistance. This resistance may be a stage of prediabetes, and the patients may develop hyperinsulinemia or type 2 diabetes in the future. These patients should be followed up for a prolonged time to determine whether they develop conditions associated with insulin resistance. ER  - 
Multivariable analyses of factors affecting dyslipidaemia in children and young people with type 1 diabetes mellitus: A multicentre study; Background Diabetic dyslipidaemia is characterised by high triglycerides (TG), low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDLC) and the presence of small, dense low-density lipoprotein (LDL). The UK National Paediatric Diabetes Audit (NPDA) 2013/14 reported that 16.1% of children and young people (CYP) with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) have a total cholesterol (TC) of ≥ 5 mmol/l. TG, LDL and TC/HDL-C were not reported in the NPDA. The significantly high prevalence of hypercholesterolemia in CYP with T1DM is concerning. Aim To evaluate the factors associated with dyslipidaemia in CYP with T1DM. Methods We examined TC, LDL, TG, TC/HDL-C ratio, body mass index (BMI) SDS, mean HbA1c over 12 months, duration of diagnosis, pubertal status and total daily insulin requirement of CYP with T1DM between 2014 and 2015 in 4 paediatric diabetes centres within the Northwest of England. Results There were 371 patients included (201 males). 250 were on multiple daily insulin regimen, 102 were on continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion (CSII) and 19 were on twice-daily insulin regimen. There were 93 prepubertal, 170 pubertal and 107 post-pubertal CYP. Prevalence of hypercholesterolaemia (TC > 5mmol/L) was higher in our cohort (23.1%) compared to NPDA (16.1%) (Table 1). There was significant positive correlation between TC and HbA1c (r = 0.3, p = 0.002) (Figure 1). There was significant correlation between TC/HDL-C ratio and HbA1c (p < 0.001). Total daily insulin (p < 0.001) and duration of diagnosis (p = 0.02) were significantly associated with higher TC/HDL-C ratio. Multivariable regression analyses of factors affecting TC, LDL, TG, TC/HDL-C ratio were determined using the following factors: BMI SDS, pubertal status, HbA1c, duration of diagnosis and total daily insulin. HbA1c was an independent factor affecting TC (p < 0.001), TG (p = 0.01), LDL (p = 0.04) and TC/HDL-C ratio (p < 0.001). Total daily insulin was also an independent factor affecting LDL (p = 0.02) and TC/HDL-C ratio (p = 0.005), and BMI SDS was an independent factor affecting TC/HDL-C ratio (p = 0.008). Conclusion There was a significant relationship between poor glycaemic control and higher TC levels and TC:HDL-C ratio. HbA1c was an independent factor affecting TC, TC:HDL-C, LDL and TG. Poor glycemic control increases the risk of diabetes dyslipidaemia in CYP with T1DM. (Figure Presented). ER  - 
Vitamin D supplementation does not impact insulin resistance in black and white children; Context: Vitamin D supplementation trials with diabetes-related outcomes have been conducted almost exclusively in adults and provide equivocal findings. Objective: The objective of this study was to determine the dose-response of vitamin D supplementation on fasting glucose, insulin, and a surrogate measure of insulin resistance in white and black children aged 9-13 years, who participated in the Georgia, Purdue, and Indiana University (or GAPI) trial: a 12-week multisite, randomized, triple-masked, dose-response, placebo-controlled vitamin D trial. Design: Black and white children in the early stages of puberty (N = 323, 50% male, 51% black) were equally randomized to receive vitamin D3 (0, 400, 1000, 2000, or 4000 IU/day) for 12 weeks. Fasting serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D), glucose and insulin were assessed at baseline and weeks 6 and 12. Homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance was used as a surrogate measure of insulin resistance. Statistical analyses were conducted as intent-to-treat using a mixed effects model. Results: Baseline serum 25(OH)D was inversely associated with insulin (r = -0.140, P = 0.017) and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (r = -0.146, P = 0.012) after adjusting for race, sex, age, pubertal maturation, fat mass, and body mass index. Glucose, insulin, and insulin resistance increased (F > 5.79, P < .003) over the 12 weeks, despite vitamin D dose-dependent increases in serum 25(OH)D. Conclusions: Despite significant baseline inverse relationships between serum 25(OH)D and measures of insulin resistance, vitamin D supplementation had no impact on fasting glucose, insulin, or a surrogate measure of insulin resistance over 12 weeks in apparently healthy children. ER  - 
Menopausal hormone therapy is associated with an increased risk of fecal incontinence in postmenopausal women; Introduction: Decreased circulating estrogen appears to play a role in the development of fecal incontinence (FI) in postmenopausal women through modulation of the neuromuscular continence mechanism. Despite this data, physiologic and epidemiologic studies with limited sample sizes have yielded conflicting results relating the use of menopausal hormone therapy (MHT) and risk of FI. We examined the long-term use of MHT and risk of FI within a large prospective cohort of women. Methods: We conducted an analysis of 63,375 postmenopausal women in the Nurses' Health Study (NHS), a closed cohort of women who have been followed using biennially mailed questionnaires since 1976. Analyses were restricted to women who reported no FI on the 2008 questionnaire. Incident FI between 2008 and 2012 was defined as a report of at least one FI episode per month in the past year on the 2010 or 2012 questionnaire. Since enrollment, participants have provided biennially-updated information on menopausal status, use of MHT, and other lifestyle factors associated with FI. We used multivariable logistic regression to estimate relative risks (RRs) and their 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for incident FI between 2008 and 2012 according to MHT use in 2008. RRs were adjusted for age, BMI, physical activity, parity, history of diabetes, and variables associated with lifetime estrogen exposure including oral contraceptive use, age at menarche, age at menopause, and parity. Results: Among these postmenopausal women (mean age 73 years), 6,732 women reported incident FI between 2008 and 2012. Compared with women who never used MHT, the multivariate RR for FI was 1.27 (95% CI 1.17-1.38) in past users and 1.38 (1.23-1.55) in current users. Compared with non-users of MHT, the multivariate RR for FI was 1.21 (1.10-1.32) in women with ≤5 years of MHT use; 1.23 (1.11-1.36) for 5-10 years of use; and 1.34 (1.23-1.46) for >10 years of use (p for linear trend <0.0001). There was no difference in risk of FI according to the type of MHT used (estrogen versus estrogen plus progestin). Conclusions: We observed an increased risk of FI among postmenopausal women who were current or past users of MHT. In addition, longer duration of MHT use was associated with increasing FI risk. These results support a potential role of exogenous estrogens in the impairment of the fecal continence mechanism. Further studies are needed to investigate the role of estrogen in the neuromuscular function of the anorectum among postmenopausal women. ER  - 
Hiperandrogenemia is highly frequent in adolescent girls who are obese; Aim Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is associated with metabolic alterations that increase the risk for chronic diseases and other conditions like infertility and endometrial cancer. In adolescents, the prevalence of PCOS is 2.5%, but it augments to 5.8% in obese girls. Recent recommendations suggest that the search for PCOS must be included as routine evaluation in obese adolescents. However, diagnosis criteria in adolescence are unclear. It has been suggested that likely hiperandrogenemia (HA) is present despite the absence of other clinical manifestations but this has not been demonstrated. Our aim was to evaluate the frequency of HA and PCOS in a sample of obese girls. Material and methods In a cross-sectional design, clinical, anthropometric and biochemical parameters were analyzed in a group of 180 obese girls. Blood pressure and anthropometry were measured by standardized field workers. Abdominal ultrasound (US) was obtained in 45 girls who accepted the procedure. Fasting blood samples were obtained between 8:00-10:00 AM. Serum was stored in separate vials at -80 °C until analyses. Glucose, triglycerides, HDL-C, AST and ALT, were determined by colorimetric methods. Insulin was measured with radio immunoassay and total testosterone (TT) and the sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG) by chemoluminiscence using commercial kits. Free (FT) and bioavailable testosterone (BT) were calculated. Data were analyzed with non-parametric statistics. Results A sample of 12-18 y old girls, with BMI between 1.45 and 4.63 z-score, and Tanner classification between 2 to 5 was studied. The prevalence of metabolic alterations was as follows: 93.3% exhibited insulin resistance, 27.2% met the criteria for metabolic syndrome and 20.6% were classified as with non-alcoholic fatty liver (NAFL). Although the median concentration of TT and SHBG were between normal ranges, 5% of girls presented high TT, 32.2% low SHBG, 38.8% high FT and 15.7% high BT, using the proposed cutoff points by age and Tanner classification. As expected, insulin concentration was positively correlated with glucose (rho = 0.156, p = 0.037), TAG (rho = 0.151, p = 0.044) and ALT (0.174, p = 0.020). In addition, insulin correlated directly with FT (rho = 0.202, p = 0.007) and BT (rho = 0.203, p = 0.007), but negatively with SHBG (rho = -0.191, p = 0.009). Regarding the criteria for PCOS, 38.8% of girls presented HA and 25.8% declared menstrual irregularities. None of the girls presented hirsutism or acne, but 13 exhibited at least one ovary >10 cc in the US. In the complete sample, only 9% met the criteria for PCOS. Conclusion we concluded that the frequency of PCOS in this sample is comparable to that reported in the literature for obese adolescents. However, the frequency of HA was very much higher than that of PCOS. In fact, it was greater than the frequency of MS and NAFL supporting the recommendation of looking for HA in obese adolescent girls. ER  - 
Untargeted metabolomic profiles, childhood obesity, and metabolic risk in the ELEMENT cohort; Objective To use metabolomics data quantified on an untargeted platform to identify metabolic alterations associated with obesity during childhood, and to examine the relations of these metabolite patterns with conventional cardiometabolic biomarkers. Methods Untargeted metabolomic features were analyzed using liquid chromatography/mass spectrometry in fasting serum from 250 children enrolled in the Early Life Exposure in Mexico to ENvironmental Toxicants (ELEMENT) Project, a birth cohort study. ELEMENT participants aged 8-13 years were selected for this analysis based on availability of archived biomarkers in serum and cord blood required for a separate study. We used Principal Component Analysis (PCA) to consolidate 4652 metabolite features into factors based upon their inter-correlations. To determine how obesity status corresponded with differences in circulating metabolites, we compared factors scores for obese (body mass index [BMI] z-score ≥2; n=46) and normal weight (-2≤ BMI z-score <1; n=119) children. Metabolite clusters associated with obesity were retained for further investigation. Among all participants, we used multiple linear regression to estimate the relationship between metabolite factor scores and conventional biomarkers of metabolic risk: high density lipoprotein (HDL), low density lipoprotein (LDL), total cholesterol, triglycerides, fasting glucose, and leptin. Results Median age was 10.0 years; 47.6% were boys. Our sample included 46 obese (18.4%), 81 overweight (32.4%), 119 normal weight (47.6%), and 4 underweight children (1.6%). As compared to normal weight children, obese children had a higher score for Factor 2, which largely comprised of amino acids and modified fatty acids. After accounting for sex, maternal education, and pubertal stage, each unit increment in Factor 2 corresponded with 5.54 (95% CI: 2.18, 8.90) mg/dL higher total cholesterol, 4.25 (95% CI: 1.51, 7.00) mg/dL higher LDL, and 6.43 (95% CI: 0.94, 11.93) mg/dL higher triglycerides. Conclusions In this sample of peripubertal Mexican children, an amino acid and modified fatty acid metabolite pattern associated with obesity was also related to an adverse lipid profile. Future longitudinal studies are warranted to ascertain temporality. ER  - 
Age at menarche and the risk of diabetic microvascular complications in patients with type 1 diabetes; Aims/hypothesis: The aim of this study was to evaluate the relationship among age at onset of diabetes, age at onset of menarche and risk of diabetic nephropathy and laser-treated retinopathy in type 1 diabetes. Methods: Data related to age at menarche were collected through questionnaires and were available for 1,304 women who participated in the Finnish Diabetic Nephropathy Study (FinnDiane). A possible association between age at menarche and diabetic nephropathy and retinopathy was investigated. Results: There was an inverse relationship between the age at onset of diabetes and age at menarche: the younger the age at onset of diabetes, the higher the age at menarche (p < 0.0001). A non-linear relationship between the age of menarche and risk of diabetic microvascular complications was found in patients with diabetes onset before menarche, but there was no such association in patients with diabetes onset after menarche. Women with delayed menarche (> mean age + 2 years) had a 2.30 (95% CI 1.27, 4.17; p < 0.006) times higher risk of nephropathy compared with the women who underwent menarche at the mean age ± 2 years. Delayed menarche also increased the risk of retinopathy (OR 2.34 [95% CI 1.36, 4.01]). After excluding patients with nephropathy, the OR for retinopathy was 2.11 (95% CI 1.15, 3.90). Earlier menarche (< mean age − 2 years) did not have any effect on this risk. Conclusions/interpretation: Delayed menarche was associated with an increased risk of diabetic nephropathy and retinopathy, whereas early menarche was not. Delayed menarche may be used as a new tool to identify women at risk of diabetic microvascular complications. ER  - 
Association between left ventricular mass, androgens, adiposity and insulin resistance in girls with precocious pubarche: A case-control study; Objective Precocious pubarche (PP) has been linked to higher prevalence of metabolic disturbances and polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). The aim of the study was to assess echocardiographic parameters in PP girls and to analyse their relationship with androgens and insulin resistance (IR). Design Case-control study. Patients Thirty-five PP girls and 35 healthy age-matched controls. Measurements Clinical, hormonal and metabolic profiles, echocardiography, body composition and oral glucose tolerance test. Results Chronological age (10·04 ± 2·6 years in PP vs 10·13 ± 2·56 years in controls, P = 0·227), and pubertal stage at the time of the study were similar between the groups. PP girls had higher free androgen index (FAI) [1·39 (0·48-3·64) vs 1·06 (0·39-1·7), P = 0·005] and QUICKI (0·58 ± 0·08 vs 0·63 ± 0·12, P = 0·021). However, HOMA-IR was not significantly different between the groups [2·79 (1·84-4·05) vs 2·15 (1·09-3·23), P = 0·085]. After adjusting for total body fat, left ventricular mass (LVM) was higher in the PP group (97·31 ± 33·37 vs 81·25 ± 19·06 g, P = 0·017) as well as A′ wave (5·66 ± 1·34 vs 5·09 ± 0·98 cm/s, P = 0·025), a measurement of diastolic function. FAI and total body fat were independent predictors of higher LVM and together with HOMA-IR contributed 72% of LVM variability in the PP group. Conclusion In this study with PP girls, greater LVM, associated with higher androgen levels, IR and total body fat, occurred early in pubertal development. ER  - 
Lipid changes and their relationship with vitamin D levels in children under 18 years with type 1 diabetes; Objective: To analyze lipid changes and their relationship with 25-hydroxy vitamin D3 (25-OH-D) levels in patients under 18 years old with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM). Material and methods: A cross-sectional, descriptive study. Patients under 18 years with T1DM were enrolled by consecutive, nonrandomized sampling. Data collected included sex, age, pubertal stage, time since T1DM onset, weight, height, body mass index (BMI), waist circumference, glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c), 25-OH-D, total cholesterol (TC), LDL cholesterol (LDL-C), HDL cholesterol (HDL-C), and triglycerides (TG). Results were stratified by sex, age, and pubertal stage. Data were analyzed using SPSS®. Results: Ninety patients with a mean age of 11.7 ± 3.6 years (51.1% males) and mean HbA1c levels of 7.5 ± 1.3% were enrolled. Of these, 26.6% had 25-OH-D levels < 20 ng/mL and 13.3% 25-OH-D levels ≤ 15 ng/mL. No differences were found in 25-OH-D between patients with overweight or obesity and the rest. HDL-C levels < 40 ng/mL were found in 1.1%, 34.4% had LDL-C levels ≥ 100 mg/dL, and 2.2% had TG levels ≥ 150 mg/dL. Patients with 25-OH-D < 20 ng/mL had higher TG levels than the rest (76.80 ± 45.62 vs 57.55 ± 26.08; P = .04) in the multivariate analysis controlled for BMI, waist circumference, and HbA1c. A correlation was found between 25-OH-D and TG levels (-0.230; P = .029). Conclusions: Patients in our population with vitamin D deficiency had higher TG levels. Long-term follow-up should be performed to understand the potential impact of such levels on diabetes-related complications. ER  - 
Alpha-Melanocyte-stimulating hormone and agouti-related protein: Do they play a role in appetite regulation in childhood obesity?; Objective: The hypothalamus plays a crucial role in the regulation of feeding behavior. The anorexigenic neuropeptide alpha-melanocyte-stimulating hormone (α-MSH) and the orexigenic neuropeptide agouti-related protein (AgRP) are among the major peptides produced in the hypothalamus. This study investigated the plasma concentrations of α-MSH and AgRP in underweight and obese children and their healthy peers. The associations between α-MSH and AgRP levels and anthropometric and nutritional markers of malnutrition and obesity were also assessed. Methods: Healthy sex-matched subjects aged 2 to 12 years were divided into 3 groups, as underweight (n=57), obese (n=61), and of normal weight (n=57). Plasma fasting concentrations of α-MSH and AgRP were measured by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. The differences between the three groups as to the relationships between plasma concentrations of α-MSH and AgRP and anthropometric data, serum biochemical parameters and homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance were evaluated. Results: Obese children had significantly lower α-MSH levels than underweight (1194±865 vs. 1904±1312 ng/mL, p=0.006) and normal weight (1194±865 vs. 1762±1463 ng/mL, p=0.036) children; there were no significant differences in the α-MSH levels between the underweight and normal weight children (p=0.811). Also, no significant differences were observed between the underweight and obese children regarding the AgRP levels (742±352 vs. 828±417 ng/mL, p=0.125). We found a significant positive correlation between plasma α-MSH and AgRP levels across the entire sample. Conclusion: This study is the first to demonstrate body weight-related differences in α-MSH and AgRP levels in children. Circulating plasma α-MSH levels in obese children were markedly lower than those of underweight and normal-weight children. This suggests that α-MSH could play a role in appetite regulation. ER  - 
Impact of insulin pump therapy on long-term glycemic control in a pediatric Spanish cohort; Aims: To evaluate the efficacy and safety of Continuous Subcutaneous Insulin Infusion (CSII) in a pediatric cohort and to determine if the ISPAD/IDF/ADA criteria for good metabolic control are achieved during long periods of time. Methods: Retrospective longitudinal study including ninety patients [10.5 (6.5-13.9) years of age, 58% males]. Age at debut, type 1 diabetes mellitus duration, pubertal stage, HbA1c, insulin dose, mean number of glycemic controls, number of basal rates, % basal/total insulin, severe hypoglycemia and diabetic ketoacidosis events were analyzed. Subgroup analysis based on age and pubertal stage was performed. Results: HbA1c decreased from 6.9% [52 mmol/mol] to 6.7% [50 mmol/mol] after one year of CSII. Afterwards, it remained less than 7% during the follow-up period (median 3.5 ± 1.8 years (range 1-8). Prior to CSII, 76% of the subjects met ISPAD/ADA criteria. One year after initiating CSII, 96% of children had HbA1c < 7.5%. Improvement in glycohemoglobin levels was most prominent in those patients with the highest HbA1c initial levels. Total insulin dose decreased from 0.89 to 0.73 UI/kg/day (p < 0.001). Proportion of basal/total insulin changed significantly (47 to 42% (p < 0.05)). Number of fractions of the basal rate increased from 5.6 ± 1.8 at one year of CSII to 6.7 ± 2.1 five years later. Incidence of severe hypoglycemic events decreased from 19 to 6.9 episodes/100 patient-year. Only 2 episodes of diabetic ketoacidosis occurred. Conclusions: CSII allows reaching ISPAD/IDF/ADA goals safely during an extended follow-up period in a diabetic pediatric cohort. ER  - 
Age at menarche and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus: A prospective cohort study among 27,482 women; Objective To examine the association between age at menarche and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Research Design and Methods A prospective cohort study of 42,109 eligible pregnancies from 27,482 women in the Nurses' Health Study II. Results The adjusted risk ratios for GDM across the age at menarche categories (≤11, 12, 13, and ≥14 years) were 1.34 (95% CI 1.14-1.58), 1.13 (0.97-1.31), 1.11 (0.95- 1.29), and 1.00 (referent; P for trend = 0.0005), respectively. Analysis of the mediating effect indicated that 42.1%(P = 0.0007) of the association wasmediated through prepregnancy BMI. Conclusions These findings suggested that earlier menarche was significantly associated with an increased risk of GDM. This association was largely mediated through prepregnancy excessive body adiposity. ER  - 
Influence of adiposity, physical activity, fitness, and screen time on insulin dynamics over 2 years in children; IMPORTANCE: Despite extensive evidence showingthat lifestyle habits play a critical role in preventing or delaying the onset of type 2 diabetes in adults, little is known regarding the impact of lifestyle habits on type 2 diabetes risk in childhood. OBJECTIVE: To assess whether adiposity, fitness, moderate-to-vigorous physical activity, and screen time predict insulin sensitivity or insulin secretion during a 2-year period in children with a family history of obesity. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: This is a prospective longitudinal cohort study of 630 children, having at least 1 obese parent, recruited from schools in Quebec, Canada, between July 2005 and December 2008 in the Quebec Adipose and Lifestyle Investigation in Youth (QUALITY) cohort. Children were assessed at baseline (ages 8-10 years) and 2 years later. Fitness was measured by peak oxygen consumption, percentage of body fat (adiposity) by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry, moderate-to-vigorous physical activity using accelerometry, and screen time by average daily hours of self-reported television, video game, or computer use. Regression models were adjusted for age, sex, season, and pubertal stage. The current analysis was completed in October 2015. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Insulin sensitivity was measured by the homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance and an oral glucose tolerance test-based index (Matsuda insulin sensitivity index). Insulin secretion was measured using the area under the curve of insulin to glucose during the first 30 minutes of the oral glucose tolerance test and using the area under the curve of insulin to glucose over 2 hours. RESULTS: Of 630 children evaluated at baseline (mean [SD] age, 9.6 [0.9] years; 54.4% male; 56.2% normal weight, 19.2% overweight, and 22.7% obese), 564 were evaluated at 2-year follow-up. Adiposity and changes in adiposity were the central predictors of insulin dynamics over time. Every additional 1% of body fat at ages 8 to 10 years decreased insulin sensitivity by 2.9% (95% CI, -3.3% to -2.5%; P < .001) and led to a 0.5% (95% CI, 0.09% to 0.8%; P = .02) increased requirement in the area under the curve of insulin to glucose during the first 30 minutes of the oral glucose tolerance test 2 years later. Higher levels of moderate-to-vigorous physical activity and lower screen time appear to be beneficial to insulin sensitivity in part through their effect on adiposity levels. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: Adiposity plays a determining role in cardiometabolic health at a young age. Public health strategies that promote healthy body weight, notably physical activity, need to target school-aged and possibly younger children. ER  - 
Adverse childhood experiences and breast cancer risk factors in black and white women; Introduction: Adverse childhood experiences (ACE) have been implicated in several adult chronic diseases. ACE may also be associated with reproductive and lifestyle factors and biomarkers associated with breast cancer overall, and with estrogen receptor negative (ER-) disease specifically. Methods: We examined whether self-reported ACE (verbal, physical, or sexual abuse; household mental illness or substance abuse; domestic violence, parental separation/divorce, and incarcerated household members) was associated with several reproductive and lifestyle breast cancer risk factors including age at menarche and age at first birth, and four biomarkers: adiponectin, C-peptide, high sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP), and insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1). The study population included 16,062 black and white women in the Southern Community Cohort Study. We grouped women into three categories: 0 experiences, 1-2 experiences and 3-10 experiences (high). Cross-sectional associations were analysed using logistic or linear regression. Results: Women with high ACE were more likely to have: menarche before age 12, ever breastfed, more than two births, first birth before age 18, initiated smoking before age 16, and be current smokers compared to those with no ACE. Parous women with high ACE were 54% more likely to have ever breastfed (OR: 1.54, 95% CI: 1.39, 1.70; p-trend <0.0001) and 65% more likely to have first given birth before age 18 (OR: 1.65, 95% CI: 1.48, 1.85; p-trend <0.0001). ACE was not associated with body mass index (BMI) at enrollment, BMI at age 21, adiponectin, C-peptide or hsCRP levels. ACE was inversely associated with IGF-1. Women with high ACE had mean IGF-1 levels of 104.3 ng/ml compared to 119.2 ng/ml among women with no ACE (p-trend=0.007). Results generally did not differ between Blacks and Whites. Conclusions: Our findings suggest that ACE is associated with reproductive patterns that have been shown to increase risk of ER- breast cancer. Future work should examine associations between ACE and breast cancer risk according to ER status. ER  - 
Chronic non-communicable diseases among urban and rural Deorukhe Brahmin women of Maharashtra, India: A comparative analysis; This study tested the mismatch hypothesis which suggests that a mismatch between evolved adaptive behavioral human tendencies and modern day urban environments is responsible for rising non-communicable diseases. We predicted that rates of obesity, hypertension, and diabetes would be less frequent in endogamous rural Deorukhe Brahman women of Konkan and more frequent in urban ones from Mumbai, India. Women in the rural setting were expected to engage in higher levels of manual labor and eat a healthier, traditional diet marginally supplemented with processed foods. This was a cross-sectional study that used snowball sampling of 132 individuals (women, mothers and daughters post-menarche; 12-60 years). Anthropometric and blood pressure measures were taken while diabetes was self-reported. Contrary to our prediction, disease rates did not differ significantly between the two samples and relationships between diet, lifestyle, and the occurrence of non-communicable diseases were more complex than the simple, dichotomous mismatch paradigm predicted. Urban Deorukhes maintained a more traditional diet while rural Deorukhes integrated more modern foods into their diet, due to high rates of rural-urban and urban-rural flows of foods and information. Similarity in social standing of the Brahmin high caste was another factor that allowed both sample groups access to similar nutritional intakes along with lower energy expenditure. Our study demonstrates that nutrition transition and globalization are not uniform phenomena across human populations and that a nuanced approach considering population-specific economic and social parameters is necessary for a deeper understanding of the causes of the global rise of non-communicable diseases. ER  - 
Is there an increased risk of metabolic syndrome among childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia survivors? A developing country experience; Data on metabolic syndrome (MS) in survivors of childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) from developing countries are lacking. The purpose of this single-center, uncontrolled, observational study was to assess the frequency of MS in our survivors. The survivors of ALL ≤ 15 years at diagnosis, who had completed therapy ≥ 2 years earlier, were enrolled. Anthropometric measurements (weight, height, waist circumference), biochemistry (glucose, insulin, triglycerides, high-density lipoprotein [HDL], thyroid function tests, C-reactive protein [CRP], magnesium), measurement of blood pressure, and Tanner staging were performed. MS was defined by International Diabetes Federation (IDF) and the National Cholesterol Education Program Third Adult Treatment Panel guidelines (NCEP ATP III) criteria, modified by Cook et al. (Arch Pediatr Adolesc Med. 2003;157:821-827) and Ford et al. (Diabetes Care. 2005;28:878-881). The median age of 76 survivors was 11.9 years (interquartile range [IQR]: 9.6-13.5). Twenty-four (32%) survivors were obese or overweight. The prevalence of insulin resistance (17%), hypertension (7%), hypertriglyceridemia (20%), and low HDL (37%) was comparable to the prevalence in children/adolescents in historical population-based studies from India. The prevalence of MS ranged from 1.3% to 5.2%, as per different defining criteria. Cranial radiotherapy, age at diagnosis, sex, or socioeconomic status were not risk factors for MS. The prevalence of MS in survivors of childhood ALL, at a median duration of 3 years from completion of chemotherapy, was comparable to the reference population. The prevalence of being obese or overweight was, however, greater than historical controls. ER  - 
Bone-grafting in polyostotic fibrous dysplasia; Background: Polyostotic fibrous dysplasia is a skeletal disease that results from somatic activating mutations in the gene GNAS in skeletal stem cells, leading to proliferation of immature osteogenic cells with replacement of normal marrow and bone with fibro-osseous tissue. Lesions may cause bone deformity or fracture. In the surgical care of polyostotic fibrous dysplasia, the role of grafting and the optimal grafting material are not clear. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the long-term survival of bone-grafting procedures in subjects with polyostotic fibrous dysplasia over time. Methods: The operative reports and radiographs of a cohort of subjects with polyostotic fibrous dysplasia followed in a natural history study were reviewed. Twenty-three subjects (mean age at the time of enrollment, thirteen years [range, two to forty years]) with fifty-two bone-grafting procedures had a mean follow-up time of 19.6 years (range, twenty-nine months to forty-seven years). Kaplan-Meier life table estimates, Cox proportional hazard models, and t tests comparing means were performed to assess various aspects of graft survival. Results: Kaplan-Meier curves showed a 50% estimate of survival of 14.5 years. Cox proportional hazards models showed no advantage comparing allograft with autograft or structural with nonstructural graft materials. The mean age of the patients was significantly greater (p < 0.001) in the subgroup of subjects in whom grafts were maintained over time (20.9 years) compared with the subgroup of patients whose grafts were resorbed over time (9.8 years). Conclusions: Bone-grafting, including both allograft and autograft, is of limited value in ablating the lesions of fibrous dysplasia. The expectations of patients and surgeons should include the high probability of graft resorption over time with return of bone characteristics of fibrous dysplasia, particularly in younger patients. This suggests the maintenance of normal bone mechanics with implant support should be the priority of any surgical intervention. ER  - 
Metabolic Syndrome: Bridging the Gap from Childhood to Adulthood; Childhood and adolescence are particularly vulnerable periods of life to the effects of cardiometabolic risk and later development of atherosclerosis, hypertension, and diabetes mellitus. Developing countries with limited resources suffer most heavily from the consequences of cardiometabolic risk in children and its future implications to the global health burden. A better understanding of mechanisms leading to cardiometabolic risk in early life may lead to more effective prevention and intervention strategies to reduce metabolic stress in children and later disease. Longitudinal "tracking" studies of cardiometabolic risk in children provide a tremendous global resource to direct prevention strategies for cardiovascular disease. In this review, we will summarize the pathophysiology, existing definitions for cardiometabolic risk components in children. Screening and identifying children and adolescents of high cardiometabolic risk and encouraging them and their families through healthy lifestyle changes should be implemented to as a global public health strategy. ER  - 
Profile of free fatty acids and fractions of phospholipids, cholesterol esters and triglycerides in serum of obese youth with and without metabolic syndrome; The study evaluated the profile of circulating fatty acids (FA) in obese youth with and without metabolic syndrome (MetS) to determine its association with nutritional status, lifestyle and metabolic variables. A cross-sectional study was conducted in 96 young people, divided into three groups: obese with MetS (OBMS), obese (OB) and appropriate weight (AW). FA profiles were quantified by gas chromatography; waist circumference (WC), fat folds, lipid profile, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, glucose, insulin, the homeostasis model assessment (HOMA index), food intake and physical activity (PA) were assessed. The OBMS group had significantly greater total free fatty acids (FFAs), palmitic-16:0 in triglyceride (TG), palmitoleic-16:1n-7 in TG and phospholipid (PL); in the OB group, these FAs were higher than in the AW group. Dihomo-gamma-linolenic (DHGL-20:3n-6) was higher in the OBMS than the AWin PL and FFAs. Linoleic-18:2n-6 in TG and PL had the lowest proportion in the OBMS group. WC, PA, total FFA, linoleic-18:2n-6 in TG and DHGL-20:3n-6 in FFAs explained 62% of the HOMA value. The OB group presented some higher proportions of FA and biochemical values than the AWgroup. The OBMS had proportions of some FA in the TG, PL and FFA fractions that correlated with disturbances of MetS. ER  - 
Schoolchildren born VLBW or VLGA show height-related changes in body composition and muscle function but no evidence of metabolic syndrome risk factors. Results from the NEOLONG study; Background: Children born small for gestational age (SGA) are at risk for the metabolic syndrome (MetS) as adults. We examined whether indicators of MetS could be identified in pre-pubertal children born very preterm. Methods: Parameters associated with MetS were studied in 141 pre-pubertal schoolchildren with either very low birth weight (VLBW) or GA <32 weeks (SGA: n=43). Results: At 8.3±0.8 years, 36 children (SGA: n=15) were classified short. There were no differences between the SGA and appropriate for age (AGA) groups; nor were dissimilarities observed between short children and those with normal height for parameters such as body mass index (BMI), serum levels of hormones, HDL cholesterol, triglycerides, glucose, insulin, HOMA-IR, body composition, resting energy expenditure, grip strength and jump force. Conclusions: Neither SGA at birth nor short stature at follow-up (irrespective of size at birth), could be associated with parameters that indicate an increased risk for the MetS during childhood. ER  - 
Insulin sensitivity and α-Cell function in sga children treated with gh and gnrha: Results of a long-term trial; Context: Pubertal children born small for gestationalagewith a poor adult height (AH) expectation can benefit from treatment with GH 1 mg/m2/d (0.033 mg/kg/d) in combination with 2 years of GnRH analog (GnRHa) and even more so with GH 2 mg/m2/d. Because both GH and GnRHa can negatively influence insulin sensitivity, combining these treatments has raised concerns. The longterm GH dose effects on insulin sensitivity in children treated with combined GH/GnRHa are unknown. Objective: The purpose of this study was to investigate insulin sensitivity and α-Cell function by a very precise method during long-term GH treatment, either with or without 2 years of additional GnRHa and to study differences in insulin sensitivity during treatment until AH between GH at 1 or 2 mg/m2/d. Methods: This was a randomized, dose-response GH trial involving 110 short small for gestational age children (59 girls) treated with GH until AH (GH randomized to 1 or 2 mg/m2/d). Sixty-seven children received additional GnRHa treatment. Frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance tests were performed and insulin sensitivity (Si), acute insulin response (AIR), and disposition index (DI) were calculated using Bergman's MINMOD. The GH dose effect was evaluated in a subgroup of 48 childrenwhostartedGHtreatment in early puberty (randomized to 1 or 2mg/m2/d) combined with 2 years of GnRHa. Results: At AH, after 5.9 years of GH treatment, Si, AIR, and DI were similar between children treated with combinedGH/GnRHaandthose treated withGHonly. In the subgroup of childrenwho started GH treatment in early puberty (randomized to 1 or 2 mg/m2/d) together with 2 years of GnRHa treatment, there were no significant differences in Si, AIR, or DI between the GH dose groups during the treatment. Conclusions: Combined GH/GnRHa treatment has no long-term negative effects on insulin sensitivity and α-Cell function compared with GH only. Started in early puberty, a GH dose of 2 mg/m2/d results in a similar insulin sensitivity at AH as a GH dose of 1 mg/m2/d. ER  - 
Effects of self-efficacy and locus of control on future preconception counseling plans of adult women with type 1 diabetes; Objective: The American Diabetes Association (ADA) recommends that women with diabetes attend preconception counseling and improve blood glucose levels before pregnancy to decrease risks of adverse outcomes. However, two-thirds of women with diabetes do not plan their pregnancies. Research has examined views regarding preconception counseling of pregnant women with diabetes, but perceptions of women with diabetes who have never been pregnant have not been explored. The purpose of this study was to examine the relationship between women's locus of control, self-efficacy, and outcome expectations of preconception counseling. Design and Methods: A sample of 147 nulligravid women with type 1 diabetes (mean age 25.9 years) was recruited online to complete a self-report survey. Measures included a sociodemographics form, a study-specific questionnaire regarding diabetes management and education, the Reproductive Health Attitudes and Behaviors instrument, and the Diabetes-Specific Locus of Control measure. Results: A standard multiple linear regression analysis indicated that self-efficacy was positively associated with expectations of preconception counseling (P <0.001), whereas self-blame was negatively associated (P = 0.001). Threefourths of the women reported not receiving preconception counseling from health care providers. Conclusion: Self-efficacy was positively associated with women's expectation of preconception counseling usefulness, whereas self-blame for poor disease management was inversely related. The low reported rates of preconception counseling demonstrate that ADA recommendations for starting preconception counseling at puberty have not been followed uniformly. Women with diabetes should be provided education to increase their belief that they have control over their disease, which may lead to positive perceptions of preconception counseling and healthier pregnancies. ER  - 
Associação entre lipid accumulation product (LAP) e hirsutismo na síndrome do ovário policístico; OBJECTIVE: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrine metabolic disorder in women between menarche and menopause. Clinical hyperandrogenism is the most important diagnostic criterion of the syndrome, which manifests as hirsutism in 70% of cases. Hirsute carriers of PCOS have high cardiovascular risk. Lipid accumulation product (LAP) is an index for the evaluation of lipid accumulation in adults and the prediction of cardiovascular risk. The aim of this study was to evaluate the association between LAP and hirsutism in women with PCOS. METHODS: This was a cross-sectional observational study of a secondary database, which included 263 patients who had visited the Hyperandrogenism Outpatient Clinic from November 2009 to July 2014. The exclusion criteria were patients without Ferriman-Gallwey index (FGI) and/or LAP data. We used the Rotterdam criteria for the diagnosis of PCOS. All patients underwent medical assessment followed by measurement and recording of anthropometric data and the laboratory tests for measurement of the following: thyroid-stimulating hormone, follicle-stimulating hormone, prolactin, total testosterone, sex hormone binding globulin, 17-α-hydroxyprogesterone (follicular phase), glycohemoglobin A1c, and basal insulin. In addition, the subjects underwent lipid profiling and oral glucose tolerance tests. Other laboratory measurements were determined according to clinical criteria. LAP and the homeostatic model assessment index (HOMA-IR) were calculated using the data obtained. We divided patients into two groups: the PCOS group with normal LAP (< 34.5) and the PCOS group with altered LAP (> 34.5) to compare the occurrence of hirsutism. For statistical analysis, we used SPSS Statistics for Windows® and Microsoft Excel programs, with descriptive (frequencies, percentages, means, and standard deviations) and comparative analyses (Student's t-test and Chi-square test). We considered relations significant when the p-value was ≤ 0.05. RESULTS: LAP was high in most patients (n = 177; 67.3%) and the FGI indicated that 58.5% of the patients (n = 154) had hirsutism. The analysis by LAP quartiles showed a positive correlation (p = 0.04) among patients with a high FGI and an upper quartile LAP (> 79.5) when compared with those with LAP < 29.0 (lower quartile). CONCLUSION: This study demonstrated an association between high LAP and hirsutism. The FGI could represent a simple and low-cost tool to infer an increased cardiovascular risk in women with PCOS. ER  - 
Precision prevention of TMPRSS2:ERG prostate cancer; Background: Increased integration of tumor biomarker data into prostate cancer epidemiology studies is needed to identify molecular subtypes that underlie its etiology and progression. We hypothesize that the TMPRSS2:ERG gene fusion is a unique prostate cancer subtype that is etiologically distinct from cancers lacking TMPRSS2:ERG. Methods: We leveraged the Physicians' Health Study and Health Professionals Follow-up Study cohort data on pre- and post-diagnostic lifestyle factors, inherited genetic variants, circulating biomarkers, and clinical data and follow-up for 30 years. We have a tumor repository of men with prostate cancer and tumor tissue microarrays. Using immunohistochemistry, we characterized TMPRSS2:ERG status for 1,491 incident prostate cancer cases in these cohorts, and also have biomarker data on a range of additional markers from immunohistochemistry and mRNA expression profiling. Results: Fifty percent of prostate cancer cases were ERG-positive. ERG-positive cancers show much higher expression of insulin/IGF signaling, PTEN loss, higher VDR expression, as well as expression of mismatch repair genes. In contrast, ERG-negative prostate cancer is characterized by increased presence of chronic inflammation and atrophy. We found higher pre-diagnostic free testosterone levels, but not other sex hormones, were associated with increased risk of ERG-positive (OR = 1.4, 95% CI = 1.0-1.8) but not ERG-negative disease (OR = 0.9, 95% CI = 0.7-1.2). Of 39 known genetic risk loci, six were significantly associated (p < 0.05) with ERG+ versus ERG- cancer (2 expected by chance). Prostate cancer risk factors such as taller height (an indicator of growth factors in puberty) are uniquely associated with ERG-positive prostate cancer. Moreover, we observe a complex interaction of components of insulin/IGF and ERG-status on prostate cancer mortality. Conclusions: TMPRSS2:ERG is a highly prevalent somatic event in prostate cancer that likely defines a unique molecular subtype of this common disease. Understanding the differences between these two prostate cancer subtypes may enhance opportunities for prevention. ER  - 
Bone status of Indian children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus; Objective: Low bone mineral density has been reported in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes (T1DM). The aims of this cross-sectional study were to study growth, serum IGF1 concentrations and bone health parameters assessed by Dual Energy X-ray Absorptiometry (DXA). Methods: Height was measured and converted to Z scores (HAZ). Serum IGF1 concentrations were measured (ELISA) in a subset. Bone mineral content for total body (less head) (TBBMC) and lumbar spine was measured (n = 170, 77 boys, 6-16. years old) and converted to Z scores using local normative data. Result: Mean age was 11.1 ± 3.8. years, disease duration was 2.2 ± 2.5. years and HbA1C was 10.1 ± 1.8%. Diabetic children were shorter than reference population (HAZ - 0.6 ± 1.1); Z scores for height and total body bone area (TBBA) for height were <- 2SD in 12% & 6% respectively. Serum IGF1 Z scores were lower amongst group with longer disease duration (- 1.58 ± 1.3 vs - 2.63 ± 0.7; P. = 0.037). Disease duration (β = - 0.180, P. = 0.000) and metabolic control (HbA1C; β. = - 0.096, P. = 0.042) were negative predictors of HAZ and TBBA for height Z in younger children. Using the Molgaard approach, children with longer disease duration had lower HAZ (- 0.31 ± 0.92 vs - 1.28 ± 1.11; P = 0.000; "short bones") and TBBA for height Z scores (0.12 ± 1.62 vs - 0.53 ± 0.94; P = 0.044; "slender bones"). Older children (tanner stages 4 and 5) had lower BMC and BA as compared to reference population possibly due to delayed growth spurt. Conclusion: Longer duration of diabetes was associated with shorter and slender but appropriately mineralized bones. Small and slender bones in diabetic children may increase risk of fragility fractures in the future.This article is part of a Special Issue entitled "Bone and diabetes". ER  - 
Early menarche is associated with metabolic syndrome and insulin resistance in premenopausal Korean women; In pediatrics, identifying risk factors is important in planning the prevention of cardiovascular disease. The aim of this study was to determine whether there is an independent association between early menarche (<12 years) and metabolic syndrome (MetS) in Korean women. We analyzed data from 4463 premenopausal women from the Fourth Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey-IV (2007–2009). MetS was defined by the International Diabetes Federation for Asians and insulin resistance (IR) was defined as HOMA-IR more than 3.05. The prevalence of MetS and IR was 7.9 and 15.0 %. Women (55.6 %) with MetS also showed IR. The prevalence of MetS was higher in both women with early menarche and late menarche (≥16 years) compared with the reference group (early, 12.8 %; reference, 7.0 %; late, 11.0 %, both P = 0.002). However, the odds ratio for MetS was 3.54 (95 % confidence interval (CI), 2.14–5.87) and for IR was 2.98 (95 % CI, 1.99–4.47) after adjusting for age and other confounders such as lifestyle variables, reproductive variables and sociodemographic variables only in women with early menarche Conclusion: Early menarche was associated with an increased risk of MetS and IR in premenopausal Korean women.What is Known:• Early menarche is associated with higher risk of CVD-related death and all-cause mortality in Western studies.• Early menarche is associated with higher risk of diabetes in Korean premenopausal women.What is New:• Early menarche (<12 years) is associated with metabolic syndrome and insulin resistance in nationally representative Korean premenopausal women.• However, late menarche (>16 years) is not associated with metabolic syndrome after controlling for age and other confounders. ER  - 
Serum 25-Hydroxyvitamin D associated with indicators of body fat and insulin resistance in prepubertal chilean children; Background:Consistent data on the relation between vitamin D, body fat and insulin resistance (IR) in children are lacking.Objectives:(1) To evaluate the association between serum 25-Hydroxyvitamin D 25(OH)D and key indicators of: adiposity (total and central), IR, and (2) to estimate serum 25(OH)D cut-offs that best reflect IR and total and central adiposity in children.Subjects/Methods:Prepubertal children (n=435, ∼53% girls; ∼age 7 years) from the Growth and Obesity Chilean Cohort Study were evaluated for potential associations between serum 25(OH)D and indicators of: (1) total adiposity (body mass index by age (BAZ), body fat (including three-component model)), central adiposity (waist circumference and trunk fatness); (2) IR (homeostasis model assessment of IR) and insulin sensitive (quantitative insulin sensitivity check index) using standardized multiple regression models with standardized coefficients and receiver operating characteristic curves.Results:Overall, mean serum 25(OH)D was 32.1±9.2 ng ml-1, while 19.4% of children were obese (BAZ≥2 s.d.). Serum 25(OH)D was inversely associated with indicators of total and central adiposity and with IR indicators. Effect sizes were moderate in girls (∼0.3 for adiposity and IR indicators), while, weaker values were found in boys. Serum 25(OH)D estimated cut-offs that best predicted total, central adiposity and IR were∼30 ng ml-1. Children with suboptimal serum 25(OH)D (<30 ng ml-1) had a higher risk (two to three times) of being obese (high BAZ, body fat percent and/or central adiposity); and three to four times greater risk for IR.Conclusions:Serum 25(OH)D was inversely associated with adiposity (total and central) and IR indicators in prepubertal Chilean children. The conventional cut-off of vitamin D sufficiency (≥30 ng ml-1) was adequate to assess obesity and IR risk in this age group. ER  - 
High prevalence of dyslipidemia and insulin resistance in HIV-infected prepubertal African children on antiretroviral therapy; Background: Data describing the true extent of antiretroviral therapy (ART)-induced dyslipidemia and insulin resistance in perinatally infected children on ART in Africa are sparse. Methods: Fasting total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein (LDL), high-density lipoprotein (HDL), triglycerides, insulin and glucose were performed on the first 100 of 190 pediatric ART clinic attendees. Diet assessment was performed by a trained dietician. Lipoatrophy was formally graded by consensus between 2 expert HIV pediatricians. Durations of previous ART exposures, clinical stage, pre-ART viral load, nadir and current CD4 were recorded. Dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry was performed on a subset of 42 patients selected semi-randomly. Results: Prevalences of insulin resistance, abnormal total cholesterol, LDL, HDL and triglyceride were 10%, 13%, 12%, 13% and 9%, respectively. Overall, 40% had at least 1 lipid abnormality or insulin resistance. Adjusted mean LDL cholesterol increased by 0.24 mmol/L for each additional year of cumulative lopinavir/r exposure (P = 0.03) after correcting for age, gender, body mass index, previous stavudine exposure, age at ART initiation, dietary fat and refined carbohydrate, whereas adjusted mean LDL cholesterol was 0.9 mmol/L higher in children exposed to efavirenz within the previous 6 months (P = 0.02). Adjusting for age, gender and ethnicity, dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry revealed that greater trunk fat and lower peripheral subcutaneous fat were associated with elevated triglycerides but not with total cholesterol, LDL, HDL or homeostatic model assessment. Similarly, the presence of visually obvious lipoatrophy was associated with elevated triglycerides but not with total cholesterol, LDL, HDL, homeostatic model assessment or lactate. Conclusions: Prevalences of insulin resistance and dyslipidemia were high. Cumulative lopinavir is an independent risk factor for dyslipidemia, with efavirenz exposure having only transitory effect. ER  - 
Giant craniopharyngiomas in children: short- and long-term implications; Object: Craniopharyngiomas (CPs) are histologically benign tumors, yet they may carry an unfavorable prognosis. ”Giant” tumors are associated with worse prognosis. Our aim was to evaluate the impact of tumor’s size on different short- and long-term clinical factors. Methods: Between 2002 and 2012, a total of 36 consecutive CP patients less than 18 years of age and with at least 12 months of post-operative follow-up (FU) underwent a total of 54 operations for excision of CPs. Gross total resection (GTR) was the goal for all the first surgical resections. Twenty-seven patients were identified as eligible for inclusion in this study. Data were retrospectively collected by reviewing pertinent clinic/office notes and inpatient records as well as pre- and post-operative imaging. Long-term neurosurgical, ophthalmological, and endocrinological outcomes were obtained from records of the most recent FU office visit. Statistical analysis was performed to compare data from patients with tumors greater than or equal to 4.5 cm (nine patients) to those with smaller ones (<4.5 cm; 18 patients). Results: Mean age at the time of surgery was 5.4 years (median 5 years, range 1.3–15.3 years) for patients in the large-tumor group (LTG) and 8.9 years (median 9.6 years, range 2.1–17.1 years) for the small-tumor group (STG). Average duration of follow-up was 82.1 and 105.4 months for LTG and STG patients, respectively. There was a noticeable difference in the rate of emergent surgeries between the two groups (33.3 vs. 5.5 % in the LTG and STG, respectively; p = 0.055) as well as in recurrent surgeries (RR = 3.76; CI = 95 %, 1.793–7.877) and radiotherapy (RR = 2, 95 % CI 0.775–5.154). Rates of residual tumor on both initial post-operative imaging and last FU imaging were significantly increased in LTG patients (44.5 vs. 27.7 % and 66.6 vs. 16.6 %; respectively). Progression-free survivals (PFS) assessed at 2 and 5 years were 33.3 vs. 73.3 % (RR = 2.2, 95 % CI = 0.171–1.202) and 33.3 vs. 53.3 % (RR = 1.6, 95 % CI 0.221–1.765) in favor of smaller tumors. No difference in 2-, 5-, and 10-year overall survival was found. We found no significant difference in mean BMI at last follow-up between the two groups (23.83 ± 4.86 and 27.33 ± 8.09, respectively; p = 0.27), although significantly more patients in the LTG had shorter stature (mean height SDS −1.72 ± 1.88 and −0.17 ± 1.08 in LTG and STG patients, respectively; p = 0.027). Conclusion: Tumor’s size has significant impact on the management of CP in children. It affects both short-term factors (initial symptoms, urgency of surgical resection, extent of resection, and perioperative morbidity) as well as long-term parameters (PFS, rate of adjuvant treatments/recurrent surgeries, and metabolic/endocrinal/ophthalmological and functional outcomes). We think that a proper, world-wide accepted definition of what is “large,” “giant,” or even “monstrous” CP should be established. This will enable carrying multi-institutional studies on a larger group of patients, allowing further determining the importance of tumor’s size in the management and outcome of craniopharyngiomas in children. ER  - 
Growth and cardiovascular risk factors in prepubertal children born large or small for gestational age; Background: Both large and small birth sizes are associated with an increased risk of developing cardiovascular and metabolic problems later in life. We studied whether such associations can be observed at prepubertal age. Methods: A cohort of 49 large (LGA), 56 appropriate (AGA), and 23 small for gestational age (SGA)-born children (age range 5-8 years) were studied. Being born SGA, AGA, or LGA was the exposure, and being overweight at prepubertal age was the main outcome. Blood pressure measurements, laboratory parameters, and whole-body dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry were secondary outcomes. Results: The LGA-born children were significantly taller than the AGA controls (p = 0.03), and the SGA children were lighter and shorter compared to the AGA (p = 0.002 and 0.001) and LGA children (p < 0.001). The mean plasma glucose was higher in the LGA than in the SGA group (p = 0.006). Being born LGA (OR 3.82) and the ponderal index Z-score at birth (OR 4.24) were strong predictors for being overweight or obese in childhood. Conclusion: The children born LGA remained taller and heavier than those born AGA or SGA in mid-childhood, and they had a higher body mass index and body fat percentage than the SGA-born children. The differences in other cardiometabolic risk factors were minimal between the birth size groups. ER  - 
Relations among Adiposity and Insulin Resistance with Flow-Mediated Dilation, Carotid Intima-Media Thickness, and Arterial Stiffness in Children; Objective To determine the associations of adiposity and insulin resistance with measures of vascular structure and function in children. Study design A cross-sectional study included 252 children (age 15.1 ± 2.4 years; body mass index percentile 68.2 ± 26.5%; Tanner 2-5). Measurements of body fat percentage were obtained with dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry and visceral adipose tissue (VAT) with computed tomography. Insulin resistance was measured with hyperinsulinemic euglycemic clamp. Vascular measurements for endothelial function (brachial artery flow-mediated dilation [FMD]), vascular structure (carotid intima-media thickness [cIMT]), vascular stiffness (carotid incremental elastic modulus), and pulse wave velocity were analyzed by tertiles of adiposity and insulin resistance. Additional analyses with ANCOVA and linear regression were adjusted for Tanner, sex, race, and family relationship; FMD was also adjusted for baseline artery diameter. Results FMD was positively associated with high adiposity (body mass index, body fat percentage, and VAT) (P <.01 all). Insulin resistance was not associated with FMD. cIMT was significantly, positively related to obesity, VAT, and insulin resistance (P <.05 all). No differences in carotid incremental elastic modulus and pulse wave velocity were observed in relation to adiposity or insulin resistance. Conclusions The findings suggest that adiposity is associated with higher FMD, and insulin resistance and VAT are associated with higher cIMT in children. Further research is needed to clarify the progression of these relations. ER  - 
Association of myeloperoxidase levels with cardiometabolic factors and renal function in prepubertal children; Introduction: Myeloperoxidase (MPO), an enzyme linking obesity and cardiovascular (CV) risk in adults, has rarely been studied in young children and no studies assessed its association with renal function. We sought to explore a possible association between serum MPO levels, obesity, CV risk factors and renal function in prepubertal children. Materials/Methods: Cross-sectional evaluation of 309 children aged 8-9 years (161 normal weight, 148 overweight/obese), members of the birth cohort Generation I (Portugal). Anthropometrics (body mass index (BMI), waist-to-height ratio (WHtR) and % body fat mass (%BFM) by bioelectrical impedance analysis), 24-h ambulatory blood pressure monitoring and pulse wave velocity (PWV) were measured. Insulin resistance was estimated by the HOMA index (considering serum fasting glucose and insulin determinations). Serum MPO levels were assessed by immunoenzymatic assay. Results: MPO levels were positively associated with obesity indices (BMI z-score, WHtR and %BFM). Higher MPO levels were associated with higher 24-h and night-time mean arterial pressure, with nondipping and with higher values of insulin resistance. In normal weight children, the endothelial function, as evaluated indirectly by PWV, was an independent predictor of MPO levels. In overweight/obese children, estimated glomerular filtration rate increased significantly across tertiles of MPO (Ptrend = 0·031) and this association held after adjustment for age, sex, neutrophil and monocyte counts and CV risk factors. Conclusions: Our results reinforce the role of MPO as a risk marker in obesity and related CV morbidities in young children. MPO levels associate with the dipping pattern and PWV and, among overweight/obese children, an association exists between MPO and renal function. ER  - 
Ketoacidosis at diagnosis in childhood-onset diabetes and the risk of retinopathy 20 years later; Aims To investigate on the relationship between severity of ketoacidosis, an important risk factor for C-peptide preservation, and long-term microvascular complications in childhood-onset type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM). Methods 230 childhood-onset diabetic patients (177 pre-pubertal), aged 7.0 ± 3.8 years followed for at least 15 years after their diagnosis, were enrolled. Clinical and laboratory data at diagnosis, and C-peptide levels in a subset of patients, were compared with the severity of retinopathy and nephropathy, after a mean of 19.6 ± 3.8 years of disease. Digital retinal photographs were taken in all patients, and centrally graded. Repeated measurements of HbA1c and microalbuminuria for the whole duration of diabetes were collected in over half of the cases. Results Out of 230 patients, those with the lowest age at diagnosis had the most severe DKA and clinical conditions (p < 0.05), and lower C-peptide levels (p < 0.0001) at diagnosis. There was a significant relationship between pH and clinical severity (r = - 0.783, p < 0.0001), and between pH and C-peptide levels (r = 0.278, p < 0.05). The severity of ketoacidosis had no relationship with subsequent lifetime HbA1c values and long-term microvascular complications. In logistic regression analysis, the only variables that independently influenced severity of retinopathy were lifetime HbA1c (B = 0.838, p < 0.001), duration of disease (B = 0.208, p < 0.005) and age at diagnosis (B = 0.116, p < 0.05). Conclusions The degree of metabolic derangement at diagnosis is not associated with retinopathy and nephropathy in childhood-onset T1DM. Age at diagnosis seems to be an important variable to be considered when evaluating the long-term effects of residual beta-cell function. ER  - 
Pressure to Be Thin and Insulin Sensitivity among Adolescents; Purpose Extant research indicates that some of the comorbidities associated with adult obesity may be adversely affected by the stress resulting from negative body image and weight-related stigma. This study examined the association between weight-related pressure and insulin sensitivity in adolescents, who are vulnerable to both weight-based teasing and the onset of metabolic dysregulation. Methods Participants were 215 adolescent healthy volunteers (55% female; 59% white; 35% overweight/obese; mean ± standard deviation age = 15.4 ± 1.4 year), who completed a self-report measure of pressure to be thin from parents, friends, and romantic partners. Fasting blood samples were obtained to assess serum insulin and glucose, which were used to calculate insulin sensitivity; fat mass (kg) and fat-free mass (%) were measured with air-displacement plethysmography. Pubertal stage was determined by physical examination. Results Pressure to be thin was positively associated with fasting insulin (p =.01) and negatively associated with insulin sensitivity (p =.02), after controlling for pubertal stage, sex, race, height, fat-free mass, and adiposity. Pressure to be thin was associated with a greater odds of having hyperinsulinemia (fasting insulin ≥ 15 μIU/mL; odds ratio (95% confidence interval): 1.65 [1.08-2.50], p =.02), adjusting for the same covariates. Conclusions Results indicate that adolescents perceiving more pressure to be thin have greater elevations of fasting insulin and poorer insulin sensitivity above and beyond the effect of fat mass. Future research is warranted to elucidate the mechanisms responsible for this relationship. Published by Elsevier Inc. on behalf of Society for Adolescent Health and Medicine. ER  - 
Relating phthalate and BPA exposure to metabolism in peripubescence: The role of exposure timing, sex, and puberty; Context: Exposure to endocrine-disrupting chemicals during development may play a role in the increasing prevalence of metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes among children and adolescents by interfering with metabolic homeostasis. Objective: To explore associations between in utero and peripubertal urinary phthalate metabolite and bisphenol A (BPA) concentrations and markers of peripubertal metabolic homeostasis. Design: Early Life Exposure in Mexico to Environmental Toxicants (ELEMENT): a longitudinal cohort study of pregnant women in Mexico City and their offspring. Setting: Public maternity hospitals in Mexico City. Patients or Other Participants: Women recruited during pregnancy; offspring recruited for follow- up at age 8â€"14 years (n = 250). Interventions: None. Main Outcome Measures: Fasting serum c-peptide, IGF-1, leptin, and glucose concentrations among children at follow-up; calculated measures of insulin secretion and insulin resistance. Results: Phthalate metabolites and BPA were associated with metabolism biomarkers at age 8â€"14 years in patterns that varied by sex, pubertal status, and exposure timing. For example, in utero monoethyl phthalate was associated with lower insulin secretion among pubertal boys (P = .02) and higher leptin among girls (P = .04). In utero di-2-ethylhexyl phthlate was associated with higher IGF-1 among pubertal girls; peripubertal di-2-ethylhexyl phthlate was associated with higher IGF-1, insulin secretion, and resistance among prepubertal girls. In contrast, peripubertal dibutyl phthalate, monobenzyl phthalate, and mono-3-carboxypropyl phthalate were associated with lower IGF-1 among pubertal boys. Peripubertal BPA was associated with higher leptin in boys (P = .01). Conclusions: Considering the long-term health effects related to metabolic syndrome, additional research on exposure and metabolic outcomes across developmental periods and early adulthood is needed. ER  - 
Adiposity in children born small for gestational age is associated with β-cell function, genetic variants for insulin resistance, and response to growth hormone treatment; Background: Genetic susceptibility to insulin resistance is associated with lower adiposity in adults. Insulin resistance, and therefore adiposity, may alter sensitivity to GH. We aimed to determine the relationship between adiposity, genetic susceptibility to insulin resistance or insulin secretion, and response to GH treatment in short children born small for gestational age (SGA). Methods: In 89 short prepubertal SGA children (age, 6.2<1.6 y; 55 boys) treated withGHfor 1 year in a multicenter study, body fat percentage was estimated at baseline and 1 year using dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry. The main outcome measures were treatment-related changes in height, IGF-1 standard deviation score, insulin sensitivity, insulin secretion, and disposition index. Combined multiallele gene scores based on single nucleotide polymorphisms with known associations with lower insulin sensitivity (gene scores for insulin resistance [GS-InRes]) and insulin secretion (gene scores for insulin secretion [GS-InSec]) were analyzed for their relationships with adiposity. Results: Mean percentage body fat at baseline was low compared to normative data (P = .045) and decreased even further on GH treatment (baseline vs 1-year z-scores,-0.26<1.2 vs-1.23<1.54; P .0001). Baseline percentage body fat was positively associated with IGF-1 responses (p-trends=.042), first-year height gains (B [95% confidence interval], 0.61 cm/y [0.28,0.95]; P.0001), insulin secretion at baseline (p-trends = .020) and 1 year (p-trends = .004), and disposition index at 1 year (p-trends = .024). GS-InReswasinversely associated with body mass index (-0.13SDscore per allele [-0.26,-0.01]; P=.040), body fat (-0.49% per allele [-0.97,-0.007]; P=.047), and limb fat (-0.81% per allele [-1.62, 0.00];P=.049)atbaseline.DuringGHtreatment,GS-InReswasrelatedtoalesserdeclineintrunkfat(0.38% per allele [0.16, 0.59]; P=.001) and a higher trunk-limb fat ratio at 1 year (0.04 per allele [0.01, 0.08]; P= .008). GS-InSec was positively associated with truncal fat (0.36% per allele [0.09, 0.63]; P=.009). Conclusions: Adiposity inSGAchildren has favorable effects onGHsensitivity and glucose metabolism. The associations with multiallele scores support a causal role of insulin resistance in linking lesser body fat to reduced sensitivity to exogenous GH. ER  - 
Insulin resistance negatively influences the muscle- dependent igf-1-bone mass relationship in premenarcheal girls; Context: IGF-1 promotes bone growth directly and indirectly through its effects on skeletal muscle. Insulin and IGF-1 share a common cellular signaling process; thus, insulin resistance may influence the IGF-1-muscle-bone relationship. Objective: We sought to determine the effect of insulin resistance on the muscle-dependent relationship between IGF-1 and bone mass in premenarcheal girls. Design, Setting, and Participants: This was a cross-sectional study conducted at a university research center involving 147 girls ages 9 to 11 years. Main Outcome Measures: Glucose, insulin, and IGF-1 were measured from fasting blood samples. Homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) was calculated from glucose and insulin. Fat-free soft tissue (FFST) mass and bone mineral content (BMC) were measured by dualenergy x-ray absorptiometry. Our primary outcome was BMC/height. Results: In our path model, IGF-1 predicted FFST mass (b=0.018; P=.001), which in turn predicted BMC/height (b = 0.960; P.001). IGF-1 predicted BMC/height (b = 0.001; P = .002), but not after accounting for the mediator of this relationship, FFST mass. The HOMA-IR by IGF-1 interaction negatively predicted FFST mass (b = -0.044; P = .034). HOMA-IR had a significant and negative effect on the muscle-dependent relationship between IGF-1 and BMC/height (b = -0.151; P = .047). Conclusions: Lean body mass is an important intermediary factor in the IGF-1-bone relationship. For this reason, bone development may be compromised indirectly via suboptimal IGF-1-dependent muscle development in insulin-resistant children. ER  - 
Rare causes of primary adrenal insufficiency: Genetic and clinical characterization of a large nationwide cohort; Context: Primary adrenal insufficiency (PAI) is a life-threatening condition that is often due to monogenic causes in children. Although congenital adrenal hyperplasia occurs commonly, several other important molecular causes have been reported, often with overlapping clinical and biochemical features. The relative prevalence of these conditions is not known, but making a specific diagnosis can have important implications for management. Objective: The objective of the study was to investigate the clinical and molecular genetic characteristics of a nationwide cohort of children with PAI of unknown etiology. Design: A structured questionnaire was used to evaluate clinical, biochemical, and imaging data. Genetic analysis was performed using Haloplex capture and next-generation sequencing. Patients with congenital adrenal hyperplasia, adrenoleukodystrophy, autoimmune adrenal insufficiency, or obvious syndromic PAI were excluded. Setting: The study was conducted in 19 tertiary pediatric endocrinology clinics. Patients: Ninety-five children (48 females, aged 0i18 y, eight familial) with PAI of unknown etiology participated in the study. Results: A genetic diagnosis was obtained in 77 patients (81%). The range of etiologies was as follows: MC2R (n = 25), NR0B1 (n = 12), STAR (n = 11), CYP11A1 (n = 9), MRAP (n = 9), NNT (n = 7), ABCD1 (n=2), NR5A1 (n=1), and AAAS (n=1). Recurrent mutations occurred in several genes, such as c.560delT in MC2R, p.R451W in CYP11A1, and c.IVS3ds 1delG in MRAP. Several important clinical and molecular insights emerged. Conclusion: This is the largest nationwide study of the molecular genetics of childhood PAI undertaken. Achieving a molecular diagnosis in more than 80% of children has important translational impact for counseling families, presymptomatic diagnosis, personalized treatment (eg, mineralocorticoid replacement), predicting comorbidities (eg, neurological, puberty/fertility), and targeting clinical genetic testing in the future. ER  - 
CTX Correlation to Disease Duration and Adiponectin in Egyptian Children with T1DM; Background:In this study, we investigated the relationship of adiponectin with bone marker changes in Egyptian children and adolescents with T1DM and the effect of disease duration on these markers, as well as the possible correlations between adiponectin and bone markers in these patients. Methods: Sixty Egyptian children and adolescent patients with T1DM were studied. Serum adiponectin and collagen breakdown products (cross-linked C-terminal telopeptide of collagen type l "CTX") were measured and compared to the results of 20 age-matched healthy controls. Results: After adjustment for age, BMI, Tanner stage and gender; (total) adiponectin was significantly higher in all T1DM patients. Serum level of CTX and 25(OH)D showed a marked decrease in diabetics with disease duration > 5 years. Serum level of (total) calcium and inorganic phosphorus (Pi) did not show significant difference from control. CTX was inversely correlated to FBG and T1DM duration. Pi was inversely, while 25(OH)D was directly correlated to FBG. Total calcium showed an inverse correlation with HbA1c. FBG, TC, TAG, LDL-C were independent predictors of CTX in T1DM. Conclusions: Adiponectin showed no correlation with either CTX or bone homeostatic indices. FBG, TC, TAG, LDL-C were independent predictors of CTX in T1DM. We recommend further investigation of adiponectin isoforms in a population-based study, to establish a good age- and sexrelated reference. ER  - 
Acquired hypogonadotropic hypogonadism (AHH) in thalassaemia major patients: An underdiagnosed condition?; Introduction. In males, acquired hypogonadotropic hypogonadism (AHH) includes all disorders that damage or alter the function of gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) neurons and/or pituitary gonadotroph cells. The clinical characteristics of AHH are androgen deficiency and lack, delay or halt of pubertal sexual maturation. AHH lead to decreased libido, impaired erectile function, and strength, a worsened sense of well-being and degraded quality of life (QOL). Patients and methods. We studied 11 adult men with thalassemia major (TM) aged between 26 to 54 years (mean ± SD: 34.3 ± 8.8 years) with AHH. Twelve age- and sex-matched TM patients with normal pubertal development were used as a control group. All patients were on regular transfusions and iron chelation therapy. Fasting venous blood samples were collected two weeks after transfusion to measure serum concentrations of IGF-1, free thyroxine (FT4), thyrotropin (TSH), cortisol, luteinizing hormone (LH), follicle stimulating hormone (FSH), total testosterone (TT), prolactin and estradiol (E2), glucose, urea, creatinine and electrolytes (including calcium and phosphate). Liver functions and screening for hepatitis C virus seropositivity (HCVab and HCV-RNA) were performed. Iron status was assessed by measuring serum ferritin levels, and evaluation of iron concentrations in the liver (LIC) and heart using MRI- T2*. Bone mineral density was measured at the lumbar spine (L1-L4) for all patients with AHH by dual energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA) using Hologic QDR 4000 machine. Results. The mean basal serum LH and FSH concentrations in AHH patients were 2.4 ± 2.2 IU/L and 1.2 ± 0.9 IU/L respectively; these, values were significantly lower compared to the control group. Semen analysis in 5 patients with AHH showed azoospermia in 3 and oligoasthenozoospermia in 2. The percentage of patients with serum ferritin level >2000 ng/ml (severe iron load) was significantly higher in AHH patients compared to controls, 5/11 (45.4 %) versus1/12 (8.3%), p=0.043. Heart iron concentrations (T2* values) were significantly lower in AHH patients compared to controls (p=0.004). Magnetic resonance imaging in the 3 azoospermic patients revealed volume loss and reduction of pituitary signal intensity. Heart T2* values were significantly reduced in the AHH group vs. the controls (p=0.004). On the other hand, liver iron concentration (mg/g dry weight) was not different between the two groups of TM patients. Using DXA, 63.6 % (7/11) of patients with AHH were osteoporotic, and 36.3 % (4/11) were osteopenic. Conclusions. In this cohort of thalassemic patients iron overload and chronic liver disease appear to play a role in the development of AHH. Treatment of AHH in TM patients is a vital and dynamic field for improving their health and QOL. Early identification and management of AHH are very crucial to avoid long-term morbidity, including sexual dysfunction and infertility. Therapy aims to restore serum testosterone levels to the mid-normal range. Many exciting opportunities remain for further research and therapeutic development. ER  - 
Cardio-metabolic risk factors in Argentine children. A comparative study; Obesity and its complications are emerging in an epidemic manner in Latin American countries. Aims To estimate the prevalence of Cardio-Metabolic Risk Factors (CMRFs) and Metabolic Syndrome (MS) in overweight/obese (OW/OB) and normal weight (NW) adolescents and to examine the associated variables. Material and methods A cross-sectional comparative study was conducted in two groups of children, between 10 and 19 years of age, in seven Argentine provinces. A survey on dietary habits, physical activity, anthropometric and biochemical data was collected to identify CMRF and MS. The WHO definition adapted to children was used. Results 1009 children were assessed; 398 were male (39.4%), 601 (59.6%) were NW and 408 (40.4%) were OW/OB. The OW/OB had a significantly higher proportion of values defined as CMRF: 3.7% impaired fasting glucose >110 mg/dl; 27.9% insulin >15 or 20 μU/l as they were pubertal/prepubertal; 53.2% Homeostatic Model Assessment (HOMA) > 2.5; 45.6% High Density Lipoprotein (HDL) < 40 mg/dl; 37.7% TG > 110 mg/dl and 13.5% hypertension (SBP and/or diastolic Blood Pressure percentile >90). Prevalence of the MS in OW/OB patients was 40.3%. The MS was not observed in NW children. Significant differences were found for: family history of OW/OB, birth weight (BW), age at menarche, presence of acanthosis nigricans, waist circumference (WC) >90th percentile. The WC was positively correlated with BP, TG, insulin, HOMA and Body mass index Z score and negatively with HDL in the study population. Conclusions We confirm obesity as a major determinant of CMRF and MS (40%), especially fat centralization. We stress the need to address obesity prevention plans in children and adolescents. ER  - 
Depression, anxiety, and their relation with clinical parameters and androgen levels in hirsute women; Background/aim: The purpose of this study was to assess the prevalence of anxiety and depression among patients with hirsutism and to evaluate the relationships of anxiety and depression with clinical parameters and androgen levels. Materials and methods: One hundred and seven women with hirsutism were enrolled in the study. All participants completed standardized questionnaires to assess depression (Beck Depression Inventory (BDI)) and anxiety (Beck Anxiety Inventory (BAI)). The Ferriman–Gallwey (FG) scores, body mass indexes (BMIs), homeostatic model assessments of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), and serum androgen levels of all patients were obtained. Results: Seventy-four of the 107 patients (69.15%) had BDI scores indicating depression, and 47 of the 107 patients (43.9%) had BAI scores indicating anxiety disorders. No difference was found between high BAI and normal BAI patients related to BMI, age, FG scores, testosterone levels, and HOMA-IR levels (P > 0.05), and no difference was found between high BDI and normal BDI patients related to BMI, age, FG scores, free testosterone levels, and HOMA-IR levels. There was a positive correlation between BDI scores and dehydroepiandrosterone sulphate (DHEA-S) levels (P < 0.01). Conclusion: We found considerable amounts of depression, anxiety, and the coexistence of depression and anxiety in patients with hirsutism. Depression and the severity of depressive symptoms were positively correlated with DHEA-S levels. ER  - 
Association between fat mass index and fat-free mass index values and cardiovascular risk in adolescents; Objective To describe the between fat mass index and fat-free mass index values and factors associated with cardiovascular risk in adolescents in the city of Juiz de Fora, Minas Gerais. Methods Cross-sectional study was with 403 adolescents aged 10-14 years, from public and private schools. Anthropometric, clinical, and biochemical measurements were obtained, as well as self-reported time spent performing physical exercises, sedentary activities and sexual maturation stage. Results Regarding the nutritional status, 66.5% of the adolescents had normal weight, 19.9% were overweight and 10.2% were obese. For both genders, the fat mass index was higher in adolescents who had high serum triglycerides, body mass index and waist circumference. Conclusions Adolescents who had anthropometric, clinical and biochemical characteristics considered to be at risk for the development of cardiovascular disease had higher values of fat mass index. Different methodologies for the assessment of body composition make health promotion and disease prevention more effective. ER  - 
Oral glucose tolerance test significantly impacts the prevalence of abnormal glucose tolerance among Indian women with polycystic ovary syndrome: Lessons from a large database of two tertiary care centers on the Indian subcontinent; Objective To estimate the prevalence of abnormal glucose tolerance (AGT) among Indian women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and analyze the role of oral glucose tolerance (OGTT) test on its estimation. Design Cross-sectional clinical study. Setting Tertiary care center. Patient(s) A total of 2,014 women with PCOS diagnosed on the basis of the Rotterdam 2003 criteria were enrolled, and the data of 1,746 subjects were analyzed. Intervention(s) In addition to recording clinical, biochemical, and hormone parameters, a 75 g OGTT was administered. Main Outcome Measure(s) Prevalence of AGT and impact of age, body mass index (BMI), family history, and OGTT on its prevalence. Result(s) The mean age of subjects was 23.8 ± 5.3 years, with a mean BMI of 24.9 ± 4.4 kg/m2. The overall prevalence of AGT was 36.3% (6.3% diabetes and 30% impaired fasting plasma glucose/impaired glucose tolerance) using American Diabetes Association criteria. The glucose intolerance showed a rising trend with advancing age (30.3%, 35.4%, 51%, and 58.8% in the second, third, fourth, and fifth decades, respectively) and increasing BMI. Family history of diabetes mellitus was present in 54.6% (953/1,746) subjects, and it did not correlate with any of the studied parameters except waist circumference and BMI. Sensitivity was better with 2-hour post-OGTT glucose values as compared with fasting plasma glucose, since using fasting plasma glucose alone would have missed the diagnosis in 107 (6.1%) subjects. Conclusion(s) We conclude that AGT is high among young Indian women with PCOS and that it is not predicted by family history of type 2 DM. OGTT significantly improves the detection rate of AGT among Indian women with PCOS. ER  - 
Association between age at menarche and risk factors for cardiovascular diseases in Korean women the 2010 to 2013 korea national health and nutrition examination survey; Early menarche is strongly associated with adulthood obesity; however, the relationship between age at menarche and cardiovascular disease (CVD) in Korean women remains poorly understood. Here, we investigated the association between early menarche and risk factors for developing CVD during adulthood using a nationwide population database. In total, 12,336 women (weighted n=17,483,406; weighted age, 45.7 years) who participated in the Korean National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 2010 to 2013 were included in this study. Participants were scored using the National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Panel III criteria for metabolic syndrome. Risk of CVD was estimated using the 10-year Framingham Coronary Heart Disease Risk Point Scale (10-year FRS). Early menarche (11 years) was reported in 5.2% (weighted n=917,493) of subjects. The weighted prevalences of metabolic syndrome and 20% 10-year FRS were 23.6% [95% confidence interval (95% CI), 22.7-24.6] and 7.7% (7.1-8.3), respectively. Women with early menarche reported a significantly higher body mass index and waist circumference, along with a higher prevalence of hypertension, diabetes, and metabolic syndrome than those with later menarche (13 years). Furthermore, the prevalence of women with a 10% or 20% 10-year FRS was higher in those with early menarche than in other groups after adjusting for age, smoking, education level, and menstruation. Logistic regression analyses controlling for these and other confounDing factors revealed odds ratios of 2.29 (95% CI=1.25-4.19) and 1.78 (0.96-3.30) for 10% and 20% 10-year FRS in women with early menarche, respectively, compared with those in the latest menarche group (17 years). Taken together, this nationwide study revealed that women with early menarche are at increased risks of metabolic syndrome and CVD. Early menarche may therefore represent an important marker for early preventive interventions. ER  - 
Clinical and biochemical data of adult thalassemia major patients (TM) with multiple endocrine complications (MEC) versus TM patients with normal endocrine functions: A long-term retrospective study (40 years) in a tertiary care center in Italy; Introduction: It is well known that the older generation of adult TM patients has a higher incidence of morbidities and co-morbidities. At present, little information is available on adult TM patients with multiple endocrine complications (MEC). The main objectives of this longitudinal retrospective survey were: 1) to establish the incidence and progression of MEC (3 or more) in TM patients; 2) to compare the clinical, laboratory and imaging data to a sex and age-matched group of TM patients without MEC; 3) to assess the influence of iron overload represented by serum ferritin (peak and mean annual value at the last endocrine observation). Patients and methods: The study was started in January 1974 and was completed by the same physician at the end of December 2015. The registry database of the regularly followed TM patients from diagnosis included 145 adults (> 18 years). All TM patients were of Italian ethnic origin. Eleven out of 145 patients (7.5 %) developed MEC. Twenty-four other patients (12 females and 12 males) had a normal endocrine function (16.5 %) and served as controls. Results: In our survey, four important, relevant aspects emerged in the MEC group. These included the late age at the start of chelation therapy with desferrioxamine mesylate (DFO); the higher serum ferritin peak (8521.8 ± 5958.9 vs 3575.2 ± 1801.4 ng/ml); the upper proportion of splenectomized (81.8 % vs. 28.5%) patients and poor compliance registered mainly during the peripubertal and pubertal age (72.7 % vs.16.6 %) in TM patients developing MEC versus those without endocrine complications. Furthermore, a negative correlation was observed in all TM patients between LIC and final height (r: -0.424; p = 0.031). Conclusions: Our study supports the view that simultaneous involvement of more than one endocrine gland is not uncommon (7.5 %). It mainly occurred in TM patients who started chelation therapy with DFO late in life and who had irregular/poor compliance to treatment. Therefore, prevention of the endocrine complications through adopting early and regular chelation therapy appears mandatory for improving the quality of life and psychological outcome of these patients. When diagnosing and managing patients with MEC, it is of paramount importance that the multidisciplinary team have excellent knowledge relating to these complications. In ideal circumstances an endocrinologist with experience of TM will form part of the regular multidisciplinary team caring for such patients. ER  - 
Clinical spectrum of disorders of sexual differentiation; Objective: To describe the mode of presentation and causes of the disorders of sexual differentiation in patients presenting in the Endocrine Clinic. Study Design: Observational study. Place and Duration of Study: The Endocrine and Diabetes Unit of Jinnah Postgraduate Medical Centre (JPMC), Karachi, from July 2012 to July 2014. Methodology: Patients with phenotypic, psychosocial gender confusion or absence of gender appropriate secondary sexual maturation were enrolled in the study. Patients having chronic systemic disease, as cause of delayed puberty, were excluded from the study. SPSS 13 was used to evaluate the data. Results: A total of 48 patients registered in the study with mean age of 19.9 ±8 years. Female gender was assigned to 28 (58.3%) of which 8 (28.57%) had genital ambiguity. Male gender was assigned to 20 (41.66%) patients at the time of birth and 7 (35%) of them had ambiguous genitalia. Karyotyping could be done in 36 (75%) patients of which 17 (47.2%) were females and 19 (52.7%) were males. Karyotypic gender of the 19 (48.57%) male patients was 46 XX, 46 XY and 47 XXY; in 4 (21.05%), 5 (26.3%) and 10 (52.6%) patients, respectively with 9 Klinfelter syndrome. Karyotypic gender of 17 (47.42%) female patients were 46 XX, 46 XY and 45 X0; in 5 (29.4%), 3 (17.64%) and 9 (52.9%) patients, respectively. Conclusion: Disorder of sexual development constitutes a small but difficult area of endocrinology with disastrous consequences, especially if assigned wrong sex at birth. Mode of presentation of these cases was diverse ranging from delayed puberty, to gender confusion, to pregnancy in a male. Eventually in an adult patient assignment or reassignment of gender identity was primarily the patient's prerogative. ER  - 
Influences of gender on cardiovascular disease risk factors in adolescents with and without type 1 diabetes; Background: Women with type 1 diabetes (T1D) have a four-fold increased risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD) compared to non-diabetic (non-DM) women, as opposed to double the risk in T1D men compared to non-DM men. It is unclear how early in life CVD risk differences begin in T1D females. Therefore, our objective was to compare CVD risk factors in adolescents with and without T1D to determine the effects of gender on CVD risk factors. Methods: The study included 300 subjects with T1D (age 15.4±2.1 years, 50 % male, 80 % non-Hispanic White (NHW), glycated hemoglobin (A1c) 8.9±1.6 %, diabetes duration 8.8±3.0 years, BMI Z-score 0.62±0.77) and 100non-DM controls (age 15.4±2.1 years, 47 % male, 69 % NHW, BMI Z-score 0.29±1.04). CVD risk factors were compared by diabetes status and gender. Multivariate linear regression analyses were used to determine if relationships between diabetes status and CVD risk factors differed by gender independent of differences in A1c and BMI. Results: Differences in CVD risk factors between T1D subjects and non-DM controls were more pronounced in girls. Compared to boys with T1D and non-DM girls, T1D girls had higher A1c (9.0 % vs. 8.6 % and 5.1 %, respectively), BMI Z-score (0.70 vs. 0.47 and 0.27), LDL-c (95 vs. 82 and 81 mg/dL), total cholesterol (171 vs. 153 and 150 mg/dL), DBP (68 vs. 67 and 63 mmHg), and hs-CRP (1.15 vs. 0.57 and 0.54 mg/dL) after adjusting for Tanner stage, smoking status, and race/ethnicity (p <0.05 for all). In T1D girls, differences in lipids, DBP, and hs-CRP persisted even after adjusting for centered A1c and BMI Z-score. Testing interactions between gender and T1D with CVD risk factors indicated that differences were greater between girls with T1D and non-DM compared to differences between boys with T1D and non-DM. Overall, observed increases in CVD risk factors in T1D girls remained after further adjustment for centered A1c or BMI Z-score. Conclusions: Interventions targeting CVD risk factors in addition to lowering HbA1c and maintaining healthy BMI are needed for youth with T1D. The increased CVD risk factors seen in adolescent girls with T1D in particular argues for earlier intervention to prevent later increased risk of CVD in women with T1D. ER  - 
Paternal programming of offspring cardiometabolic diseases in later life; Early - intrauterine - environmental factors are linked to the development of cardiovascular disease in later life. Traditionally, these factors are considered to be maternal factors such as maternal under and overnutrition, exposure to toxins, lack of micronutrients, and stress during pregnancy. However, in the recent years, it became obvious that also paternal environmental factors before conception and during sperm development determine the health of the offspring in later life. We will first describe clinical observational studies providing evidence for paternal programming of adulthood diseases in progeny. Next, we describe key animal studies proving this relationship, followed by a detailed analysis of our current understanding of the underlying molecular mechanisms of paternal programming. Alterations of noncoding sperm micro-RNAs, histone acetylation, and targeted as well as global DNA methylation seem to be in particular involved in paternal programming of offspring's diseases in later life. ER  - 
SHORT STATURE: WHA T IS THE CAUSE IN OUR POPULATION; BACKGROUND: Globally children and adolescents with growth failure are referred to specialized units for evaluation and management. We designed this study to determine the cause of short stature in children and adolescents referred to our endocrine unit for evaluation and further management. METHODS: This descriptive cross sectional study was performed in the Department of Endocrine, Diabetes and Metabolic Diseases, Hayatabad Medical Complex, Peshawar. Children and adolescents between 2-20 years with height below 2 SDS or less then 3rd percentile for their age and gender were included while those with kyphoscoliosis, thalassemia major, diabetes mellitus type-1 were excluded. Detailed history was obtained followed by detailed physical examination and a pre-set penal of investigations. RESULTS: Seventy-three children with mean chronological age of 11.75.3 ± 4.06 years, 56.31% boys and 43.83% girls (p < 0.05) were included. Mean height was 117.28 ± 17.55 cm, -4.23 ± 2.06 SDS below for this population age group. Mean parental height was 156.87 ± 11.82 cm, mean bone age was 8.56 ± 4.03 years while mean bone age delay was 3.23 ± 1.94 years. Common causes found were variants of normal growth present in 38.35%. Constitutional Delay of Growth and Puberty (CDGP) were found in 13.7%, Familial Short Stature (FSS) in 11.0% while overlapping features of both in other 13.7%. Isolated Growth Hormone Deficiency (GHD) was found in 23.3%, primary hypothyroidism in 9.6% and pan- hypopituitarism in 2.7%. Common non endocrine causes found were Turner's syndrome, rickets, chronic anaemia, bronchial asthma and achondroplasia. CONCLUSION: Isolated GHD, CDGP and FSS, primary hypothyroidism and Turner's syndrome are the most common causes of short stature in our set up. ER  - 
Baseline Body Composition in Prepubertal Short Stature Children with Severe and Moderate Growth Hormone Deficiency; Objective. To compare body composition parameters in short children with severe versus moderate and no growth hormone deficiency (GHD). Design and Method. 61 children (40 boys) were studied. Height SDS, BMI Z-score, waist/height ratio (W/HtR), and body composition parameters (BIA) as fat tissue (FAT%), fat-free mass (FFM%), predicted muscle mass (PMM%), and total body water (TBW%) were evaluated. GH secretion in the overnight profile and two stimulation tests and insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) level were measured. Results. Overall, in 16 (26%) moderate (7.0 > peak GH < 10 ng/mL) and in 11 (18%) severe (GH ≤ 7.0 ng/mL) GHD was diagnosed. In children with sGHD BMI Z-score, W/HtR and FAT% were significantly higher, while FFM%, PMM%, and TBW% were significantly lower versus mGHD and versus noGHD subgroups. No significant differences between mGHD and noGHD were found. There were no differences in height SDS and IGF-1 SDS between evaluated subgroups. Night GH peak level correlated significantly with FAT%, FFM%, PMM%, and TBW%, (p<0.05) in the entire group. Conclusions. Only sGHD is associated with significant impairment of body composition. Body composition analysis may be a useful tool in distinguishing between its severe and moderate form of GHD. ER  - 
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in obese adolescent girls is associated with insulin resistance and predictors of cardiometabolic disease; Purpose of Study Approximately 1/3 of obese adolescents have non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), which may increase their risk of cardiometabolic disease. Studies of NAFLD in adolescent girls are limited, and the role of concurrent type 2 diabetes (T2D) or hyperandrogenism (HA) is unclear. Treatment options are limited, in part due to poor understanding of associated pathogenesis. In adults, NAFLD correlates with increased visceral fat, free fatty acids (FFA), and insulin resistance (IR). We hypothesized that obese girls with NAFLD would have adipose, hepatic, and muscle IR and increased predictors of cardiometabolic disease relative to similarly obese girls without NAFLD. Methods Used NAFLD was defined as liver fat >5.5% on MRI. 73 obese, Tanner stage 4/5 adolescent girls with and without T2D or HA were stratified by amount of hepatic fat [n=29, median age=15 years (25th %ile=13,75th % ile=16), BMI%ile=99 (98,99), liver fat %=10.4 (8.2,12.8)] or absence [n=44, age=15 years (13,17), BMI %ile=99 (96,99), liver fat %=2.0 (1.1,3.0)]. A 3-stage hyperinsulinemic euglycemic clamp with isotope tracers was performed to measure tissue-specific IR. Data were compared using linear models adjusted for ethnicity and T2D or HA status. Summary of Results Girls with NAFLD had adipose, hepatic, and muscle IR, as evidenced by higher FFA's following hyperinsulinemia [NAFLD=66 mmol/ml (43,112), Non-NAFLD=40 mmol/ml (20,64), p=0.008], failure to suppress hepatic glucose release during extreme hyperinsulinemia [NAFLD=0.18 (0,0.65), Non-NAFLD=0.03 (-0.15,0.23), p=0.002], and a lower glucose infusion rate (NAFLD=4.7 mg/kg/min (2.5,6.6), Non-NAFLD=6.4 mg/ kg/min (3.8,8.6), p=0.012). Girls with NAFLD also had more visceral fat [NAFLD=98.5±26.0 cm3, Non-NAFLD=57.7±29.5 cm3, p<0.001] but not subcutaneous fat. They also had higher inflammatory markers, systolic blood pressures, ALT, and fasting triglyceride and insulin concentrations. Conclusions Obese adolescent girls with NAFLD, when compared to girls of similar BMI and adiposity, have evidence of IR and markers of early cardiometabolic disease regardless of ethnicity or presence of T2D or HA. Thus, obese female adolescents with NAFLD must be considered at high risk for cardiometabolic disease and screening for associated conditions should be performed. ER  - 
The effect of obesity and insulin resistance on reproductive function in early pubertal boys; Purpose of Study Little is known about effects of obesity on reproductive function and pubertal development in boys. We evaluated relationships among obesity, insulin sensitivity, and reproductive hormones in early pubertal boys, hypothesizing that obesity and insulin resistance would be associated with hypogonadism. Methods Used Participants included 27 lean (BMI 5-85% ile) and 21 obese (BMI >95%ile) early pubertal (Tanner 2-3) males without prediabetes or diabetes. Serum dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHEA-S), sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG), and total testosterone were measured, and free androgen index (FAI) was calculated. Insulin sensitivity (Si) and acute insulin response (AIRg) were calculated using Bergman's minimal model based on intravenous glucose tolerance tests. Linear regression analysis detected associations between Si or AIRg and reproductive hormones. Models were adjusted for Tanner stage; Si and AIRg were log-transformed. Summary of Results Obese early pubertal boys had lower Si at baseline (p=0.0002) and greater AIRg (p<0.0001) than their lean counterparts. Obese boys had lower SHBG (p<0.0001), lower total testosterone (p=0.0004), and trended toward higher DHEA-S (p=0.09). FAI was similar between lean and obese boys. Si was positively associated with SHBG (R2=0.511630, p<0.0001) and inversely related to DHEA-S (R2=0.184660, p=0.0146). Conclusions As expected, obese boys are more insulin resistant than lean boys early in puberty, but exhibit compensatory insulin secretion. The inverse relationship between Si and DHEA-S has been reported in puberty; however, it is unknown whether DHEA-S is a cause or result of pubertal decreased Si. Although FAI, which should represent bioavailable testosterone, is similar between lean and obese boys, SHBG and total testosterone are significantly lower in the obese boys. Therefore, total testosterone, which is used in clinical practice, may not be a good measure of reproductive function in obese boys during puberty. Larger longitudinal studies are needed to better understand the effects of obesity and decreased Si on reproductive function in adolescents. ER  - 
Low inhibin B correlates with features of metabolic syndrome in prepubertal boys with klinefelter syndrome; Purpose of Study Klinefelter syndrome (KS) is the most common sex chromosome aneuploidy, occurring in ∼1/600 male births. The phenotypic spectrum includes nearly universal testicular insufficiency in adulthood, high prevalence of metabolic syndrome (MetS), and increased mortality from cardiovascular diseases. Testicular insufficiency may contribute to MetS and increased cardiometabolic risk. The goal of this study was to evaluate whether gonadal function was related to the MetS phenotype in prepubertal boys with KS. Methods Used In this double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial (NCT00348945), 93 boys with KS, 4-12 years, were randomized to oxandrolone or placebo for a 2 year period. In this report we analyzed features of MetS and testicular function at baseline in boys who were <9.5 years of age and tanner 1 pubertal development (n=59). MetS was defined as meeting at least 3 of the following criteria: waist circumference >75%ile for age, triglycerides >97 mg/dl, HDL <50 mg/dl, blood glucose >110 mg/dl, and systolic or diastolic blood pressure >90%ile for age and height. Summary of Results At least 1 feature of MetS was present in 81% of subjects, while full MetS criteria were met in 17% of subjects. Total testosterone (TT) by liquid chromatography mass spectroscopy was less than the lower limit of the reference range in 47% of subjects. 18% of subjects had an inhibin B (INHB) <5%ile for age. In a logistic regression model, low INHB, but not low TT, was significantly associated with the probability of meeting at least 3 MetS criteria (p=0.047). An INHB <50 ng/dl yields a sensitivity of 83.3% and specificity of 79.2% for meeting full criteria for MetS. Conclusions Cardiometabolic risk markers and gonadal insufficiency are common in prepubertal boys with KS. This study is the first to suggest an association between impaired sertoli cell function (low INHB) and a higher risk cardiometabolic phenotype. Whether testicular dysfunction is the cause of MetS or both testicular and cardiometabolic function are mediated by an underlying mechanism cannot be determined from this cross-sectional data. Future analysis will examine two year longitudinal data to further investigate this relationship. ER  - 
Does POLG play a role in cerebellar ataxia, central hypogonadism and micropenis?; Background: Cerebellar ataxia and central hypogonadism (CH) can be seen in pts with Gordon Holmes syndrome (GHS) and disordered ubiquitination (1,2). A subset of GHS pts have loss of function mutations in PNPLA6 encoding neuropathy target esterase with alteration of phospholipid homeostasis (3). POLG and POLG2 affect the stability of mitochondrial DNA (4). Double mutant POLG-Ak ita mice have reduced testosterone levels (5). Low testosterone levels and impaired mitochondrial function promote insulin resistance (6). Muscle mitochondrial function can be enhanced by GH (7). Testosterone administration can increase IGF-1 levels (8). We report the first case of cerebellar ataxia and CH with a POLG2 gene sequence variant of uncertain clinical significance. Clinical Case: A 17 yo boy with cerebellar ataxia was referred for delayed puberty. He had normal development in childhood until he developed progressive ataxia at age 13. His physical activity had become limited to swimming and he had no libido. No anosmia, deafness, fatigue, headaches, galactorrhea, or growth spurt (grew 2.5 cm in 1 y). His brother was 5'8” at age 19 with normal development. Family history was positive for T2DM. Physical exam: ht 5'5”, 182 lbs, bilateral gynecomastia. No pes excavatum, striae, hyperpigmentation, facial hair or acne. His genitalia were notable for a small penis (1 cm, flaccid). Full extraocular movements, ataxic gait with dysarthric speech, dysmetria overshoot, square wave jerks. Laboratory: total testosterone 16 ng/dl, free testosterone 2.4 pg/dL, estradiol 11 pg/mL, LH 1.5 mIU/mL, FSH 2.0 mIU/mL, prolactin 6 ng/mL, TSH 2.7 mcIU/mL, free T4 1.3 ng, IGF-1 308 ng (113-566), HbA1c 5.1%. Brain MRI: cerebellar atrophy, no pituitary pathology or white matter lesions (as typically seen in pts with GHS). Sequencing analysis of the mitochondrial genes POLG1, POLG2, ANT1, and the DNA helicase twinkle gene was negative for known deleterious mutations. POLG2 harbored a heterozygous intronic variant c.1191-+8insT close to the invariant splicing site. Genetic testing for KAL1, FGFR1, PROK2, PROKR2 was negative. The patient received testosterone therapy that resulted in marked improvement in his development. At follow up visits he developed axillary and pubic hair consistent with his age. His physical activity (swimming) and muscle mass increased, gynecomastia regressed, and he achieved a growth spurt to a current height of 5'9” with a weight of 167 lbs at age 23. Despite the improvements in his sexual maturity, he remains functionally limited due to his ataxia. Conclusion: This case suggests to consider mitochondrial gene alterations such as POLG2 variants and other molecular mechanisms in the pathogenesis of cerebellar ataxia combined with hypogonadotropic hypogonadism. Timely diagnosis and treatment of CH in such neurologically impaired patients may help prevent secondary osteoporosis and metabolic syndrome. ER  - 
Body mass index (BMI) influences outcome of premature adrenarche; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a heterogeneous familial disorder characterized by chronic anovulation and hyperandrogenism which affects approximately 6% of reproductive aged women. PCOS is associated with increased risks to develop infertility, diabetes, impaired quality of life, endometrial cancer, and, possibly, cardiovascular disease. Whereas PCOS is considered to be a disorder of adult women, premature adrenarche (PA) may be an initial feature of PCOS for some girls (1). The goal of this study was to correlate longitudinal outcome information for girls diagnosed with PA between 1987 and 2008 to identify specific factors associated with persistence of hyperandrogenic symptoms. Longitudinal data including auxiologic measurements, features of hyperandrogenism (HA) including hirsutism, acne, and irregular menses, and hormone determinations were available for 33 girls who had presented with PA. Mean ages at initial visit and last visit were 8.0±2.2 yrs and 17.5±3.2 yrs, respectively. Girls (n=19) with irregular menses and clinical features of androgen excess for at least 2 yrs post-menarche were considered to have persistent HA and likely development of PCOS (2). The other 14 were considered to be non-progressors (NP). No differences were found between initial age, follow-up age, initial BMI, initial BMI Z-score, initial androstenedione levels, and age at menarche between the 2 groups. The HA group had a significantly greater BMI, 29.9±7.8 vs 24.9±5.0, (P<0.05) than the NP group with a trend to a greater BMI Z-score, 1.38±0.81 vs 0.75±0.98, (P=0.051) than the NP group. Androstenedione and testosterone concentrations were not different at the follow-up visit likely reflecting treatment of persistent HA with oral contraceptives (n=10) or metformin (n=2) (2). Increased BMI reflecting increased weight gain during the peripubertal years was associated with persistent HA and likely progression to PCOS. Our findings are consistent with the survey data obtained in older women in the Australian Longitudinal Study on Women's Health (3). Notably, the girls in our study were younger and were clinically reassessed over an 8-10 yr timeframe. These data emphasize the importance of healthy lifestyle interventions beginning in the peripubertal years in girls with PA and continuing throughout adolescence. ER  - 
Insulin resistance is elevated in girls with precocious puberty; Background: Precocious puberty is increasing recently. Obesity is one of the etiology of variation in timing of puberty. The insulin resistance during puberty may be exaggerated in the setting of obesity. However the relationship between obesity and precocious puberty is still controversy. Objectives: This study was performed to analyze the effect of obesity and insulin resistance in Korean girls with central precocious puberty, and to evaluate whether obesity and insulin resistance could be used as indicators of precocious puberty. Methods: Retrospective analysis of 295 girls with pubertal development who examined luteinizing hormone (LH) releasing hormone stimulation test was performed. We divided subjects into three groups according to the peak LH and body mass index (BMI) and analyzed their clinical characteristics, fasting blood samples, and insulin resistance parameters. Insulin resistance parameters calculated with homeostasis model assessment (HOMA) and quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI) model. Results: Bone age (BA), BA advancement, free estradiol index, insulin, insulin resistance was increased, and sex hormone binding globulin was decreased significantly as BMI increased in patients with precocious puberty (all P < 0.05). BA, BA advancement, estradiol, insulin like growth factor-1 was significantly increased in pubertal response group (all P < 0.05). Insulin resistance was increased in pubertal response group, and it was positively correlated with BA advancement (HOMA-IR : P = 0.003, QUICKI : P = 0.006). Conclusion: Insulin resistance is associated with BA advancement and pubertal development in girls with central precocious puberty. Further studies are needed to reveal causality between obesity and precocious puberty. ER  - 
Alterations in glucose effectiveness and insulin sensitivity: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) or body mass index (BMI); BACKGROUND PCOS is associated with increased risk of prediabetes and ultimately, type 2 diabetes mellitus. There is debate whether fasting glucose (FG) or an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) with insulin levels should be used as a screening method for dysglycemia in adolescents with PCOS. Prior guidelines suggest glucose screening only in those who are overweight or obese and/or have a family hx of diabetes. OBJECTIVE To evaluate the effect of PCOS on glucose (G) and insulin (I) dynamics in adolescent girls over a wide range of BMIs. METHODS 78 girls with PCOS (NIH criteria) (16±0.2 yr; BMI 17-64 kg/m2) and 82 BMI/age-comparable controls (cont) (16±0.1 yr; BMI 18-56 kg/m2) were divided into groups by BMI: normal weight (NW) (21±0.4 kg/m2) (25 PCOS, 25 cont), overweight/obese (OO) (33±1.0 kg/m2) (24 PCOS, 26 cont) and severe obesity (SO) (48±1.4 kg/m2) (25 PCOS and 41 cont). Fasting, 30, 60, and 120 min G and I after a 75 g OGTT, free and total testosterone (T), HbA1c and blood pressure (BP) were measured. ANOVA and multivariate models were used to assess predictors of change in G and I dynamics. RESULTS In the PCOS group, compared to NW, SO had earlier menarche (11.3±0.3 vs 12±0.2 yr), higher systolic (117±2 vs 106±2 mmHg) and diastolic (75±2 vs 63±1 mmHg) BP, HbA1c (5.6±0.2 vs 5.1±0.07%), total T (59.8±4 vs 47.9±4 ng/mL), and free T (12.2±1.4 vs 8.1±0.9 pg/mL) (P < 0.01 for all). FG was not different between these groups (85±1 vs 89±5 mg/mL). Peak G was at 30 min in NW (139±6 mg/dL), 60 minutes in OO (137±6 mg/dL), and 90 minutes in SO (169±11 mg/dL) (P=0.001). Compared to NW, SO had higher G area under the curve (AUC) (566±41 vs 450±19 mg/dL), lower G effectiveness (0.5±0.1 vs 3.3±0.1), lower I sensitivity by HOMA-IR (4.7±0.6 vs 2.2±0.2) and lower early I response (1.5±0.1 vs 3.1± 0.4) (P <0.05 for all). Compared to SO-Control, SO-PCOS had higher peak G (169±11 vs 131± mg/mL, P = 0.001), higher G AUC (566±41 vs 439±9 mg/dL) and lower G effectiveness (0.5±0.1 vs 0.8±0.04). In multiple regression analysis of all groups, PCOS status was associated with higher peak G levels and higher G AUC response independent of BMI. The effect of PCOS on peak G levels and G AUC was most prominent in the SO-PCOS group. CONCLUSION Adolescents with PCOS have metabolic differences that could be attributable to BMI. BMI was one of the most robust predictors for changes in some of the phenotypic differences and I dynamics. PCOS was the strongest indicator for changes in G dynamics across BMI ranges, and that association was stronger in severely obese subjects. Our results suggest that a two-hour OGTT with insulin levels should therefore be recommended as a screening method for dysglycemia in adolescents with PCOS. Differences in G and I dynamics in girls with PCOS appear to be independent of their weight and may predict who will develop metabolic disease. ER  - 
Clinical case : Gigantism due to AIP mutation in a 9 years-old identical twin; We describe a clinical case of gigantism due to an AIP mutation in a 9-year-old girl. The patient began abnormal accelerated linear growth at age 6 and shortly after, developed skin hyperpigmentation as well as acral enlargement. She was born from an uneventful, nonconsaguineous twin pregnancy that ended without complications at week 39 by cesarean section; her height and weight at birth were 50 cm and 2.6 Kg, respectively. Both the patient, and her unaffected identical twin were breast-fed for a few months and had normal neurological and general development. There was no family history of pituitary adenomas or any other endocrine disorders. Upon physical examination, she had acromegaloid features skin hyperpigmentation over her posterior neck, groins and axillary areas. Pubertal development was staged as I At age 8, her height was 153 cm, whereas her twin sister's was 128 cm; her father and mother heights are 160 and 164 cm, respectively and her mid-parental target height was calculated as 158 cm. Hormonal evaluation revealed a basal GH of 225 ng/mL that did not suppressed after a glucose load and her IGF-1 was 1448 ng/mL, 4 x ULN for age. Magnetic resonance imaging of the selar region showed a large, 24.8 x 28.9 x 28.6 mm, pituitary adenoma with significant supraselar and right paraselar extension. She underwent endoscopic, transsphenoidal surgery with only partial resection of the adenoma. Postoperative basal and postglucose GH was 54 and 39 ng/mL, respectively and her IGF-1 remained elevated. She was then started on cabergoline, 1.5 mg per week without a positive response. She is currently being treated with octreotide LAR 20 mg monthly and biochemical evaluation is pending. Genetic testing was carried out on the patient, her twin sister and her parents. No molecular abnormalities were found in any of them in the menin, GNAS or the regulatory alpha subunit of PKA (CNIC) genes. Both the patient and her unaffected twin sister were heterozygous for the a mutation in the AIP gene (c.910C>T, p.Arg304X) that is known to be of pathogenic significance. Conclusion: This case illustrates the aggressive phenotype that tumors harboring AIP mutations can display. At the same time her unaffected twin sister it emphasizes the low penetrance these molecular abnormalities can have. Genetic evaluation is mandatory in all patients presenting with gigantism regardless if there is a family history of pituitary adenomas or not. ER  - 
Body mass index (BMI) influences outcome of premature adrenarche; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a heterogeneous familial disorder characterized by chronic anovulation and hyperandrogenism which affects approximately 6% of reproductive aged women. PCOS is associated with increased risks to develop infertility, diabetes, impaired quality of life, endometrial cancer, and, possibly, cardiovascular disease. Whereas PCOS is considered to be a disorder of adult women, premature adrenarche (PA) may be an initial feature of PCOS for some girls (1). The goal of this study was to correlate longitudinal outcome information for girls diagnosed with PA between 1987 and 2008 to identify specific factors associated with persistence of hyperandrogenic symptoms. Longitudinal data including auxiologic measurements, features of hyperandrogenism (HA) including hirsutism, acne, and irregular menses, and hormone determinations were available for 33 girls who had presented with PA. Mean ages at initial visit and last visit were 8.0±2.2 yrs and 17.5±3.2 yrs, respectively. Girls (n=19) with irregular menses and clinical features of androgen excess for at least 2 yrs post-menarche were considered to have persistent HA and likely development of PCOS (2). The other 14 were considered to be non-progressors (NP). No differences were found between initial age, follow-up age, initial BMI, initial BMI Z-score, initial androstenedione levels, and age at menarche between the 2 groups. The HA group had a significantly greater BMI, 29.9±7.8 vs 24.9±5.0, (P<0.05) than the NP group with a trend to a greater BMI Z-score, 1.38±0.81 vs 0.75±0.98, (P=0.051) than the NP group. Androstenedione and testosterone concentrations were not different at the follow-up visit likely reflecting treatment of persistent HA with oral contraceptives (n=10) or metformin (n=2) (2). Increased BMI reflecting increased weight gain during the peripubertal years was associated with persistent HA and likely progression to PCOS. Our findings are consistent with the survey data obtained in older women in the Australian Longitudinal Study on Women's Health (3). Notably, the girls in our study were younger and were clinically reassessed over an 8-10 yr timeframe. These data emphasize the importance of healthy lifestyle interventions beginning in the peripubertal years in girls with PA and continuing throughout adolescence. ER  - 
HNF4A-maturity-onset diabetes of the young: A novel mutation case report; Background: MODY (Maturity-Onset Diabetes of the Young) is an autosomal dominant form of diabetes mellitus caused by mutations in one of the genes involved in insulin secretion. HNF4A-MODY (also known as MODY1) presents with progressive B-cell dysfunction, and many patients develop diabetes by the age of 25 years. We present a case of a novel mutation in the HNF4A gene causing MODY. Clinical Case: 14 year old African American girl with no PMHx presented to PMD for concerns of strong odor to urine and was found to have hyperglycemia. She denied any other symptoms. Family history was significant for gestational diabetes and subsequent Diabetes Mellitus type 2, controlled with diet, in the mother. On examination she was well appearing with BMI of 18.7kg/m2(25%), no acanthosis nigricans and Tanner stage 5. She was noted to have hyperglycemia of 380mg/dl, Insulin level of 18uIU/ml, A1C of 10.4 % and urine negative for glucose and ketones. She was diagnosed with diabetes by PMD, and placed on Metformin 250mg BID along with dietary modifications. Morning blood glucose measurements following initiation of treatment ranged 62-130mg/dL averaging 98mg/dL over a period of 2 weeks. Further laboratory studies showed lipid panel within normal limits, Urine Alb/Cr 17mg ALB/g CR. Glutamic Acid Decarboxylase antibodies, Islet cell antibodies, Insulin antibodies, Zinc transporter antibodies were all negative, while Islet Antigen Antibody 2 was equivocal (0.8U/mL, normal <0.8). After 4 weeks, Metformin was increased to 500mg due to poor glycemic control. At 4 month follow up patient had HbA1C of 6.1%, Fructosamine 325umol/L (Range 190-270umol/L), Insulin 20.1uIU/mL, and glucose 122mg/dL. Due to atypical presentation and strong suspicion for MODY, research-based genetic testing was performed, revealing a heterozygous novel nonsense mutation in the HNF4A gene at position E159. This variant causes a premature stop codon in the HNF4A gene. A nonsense mutation, R154X, 5 base pairs upstream from the novel mutation has been previously reported as a cause of HNF4A-MODY (1). Testing was sent to be confirmed in CLIA- certified laboratory, and mother was also tested for MODY. Having additional family members tested, with and without diabetes, may help clarify the penetrance of the mutation. Patient was started on a sulfonylurea, which resulted in tight glycemic control. Conclusion: Atypical presentation of Diabetes Mellitus with family history should raise a concern for MODY. We present a novel mutation, E159X, causing HNF4A-MODY with sulfonylurea therapy resulting in improved glycemic control for the patient. ER  - 
Correction of gender misassignment of an XY female: Endocrine and psychosocial implications; Background: The degree of masculinization of external genitals may not always reflect the prepartum masculinization of the brain (1). A 24 y/o XY patient, born with ambiguous genitalia and reared female, presented for adult diabetes management. The patient was born at 36 weeks gestation with intrauterine growth retardation (weight 2.5 lb), undescended testes, and ambiguous genitalia of unclear etiology. The parents were advised to raise the child as a female. Orchiectomy was done at age 2; a vaginal pouch was created at age 5. Estrogen replacement began at age 11 but was selfstopped after 2 years due to increasing obesity. Type 2 Diabetes was diagnosed at age 19 (HbA1c 10.1%; nl <6.0). Low bone mass was found at age 20 (Z-score of AP spine: -2.3). She was lost to endocrine follow up for the next 4 years. At our initial evaluation, she reported that she was never attracted to men, identified as a lesbian but was never sexually active. She had a history of depression, dropped out of school and college several times and quit multiple jobs. Physical exam: normal vital signs, female appearing, 5 ft 4 in, 204 lb (BMI 34). Breasts at Tanner stage 5 with little subareolar tissue, female external genitalia. Labs: FSH 40.8 mIU/mL (luteal nl: 1.7-7.7) , LH 27.2 mIU/mL (luteal nl: 1.0-11.4), Estradiol 7.9 pg/mL (luteal nl: 43.8-211), Total Testosterone 31 ng/dL (male nl: 348-1197) , TSH 2.95 uIU/mL (0.45-4.50), HbA1c 6.8%. Z-score of AP spine: -2.6, femoral neck: -1.7, and total hip: -1.4. Denosumab (60 mg sc q6mo) was begun and hormonal replacement suggested but refused. After 2 years, the patient chose to live as a man. Psychiatric evaluation in a sexual behavior consultation unit found gender dysphoria, major depressive disorder, error of sexual development, low self esteem, and lack of sufficient social support but found it appropriate to start testosterone. The patient started Testosterone Cypionate 100mg IM q14d (4 doses) which was then increased to 200 mg IM q14d. He resumed college, became less shy, and libido increased. He feels attracted to women, his voice is deeper, he has mild acne and an increase in abdominal, facial and leg hair. He plans to legally change his name to a masculine one and is considering plastic surgery on his genitals. Discussion: An etiology can be identified in less than half of XY newborns with ambiguous genitalia. The literature has recommended that generally such patients should be reared as female (2), although there are permanent changes in structures of the brain due to prenatal exposure to androgens (1). This patient demonstrates medical and psychosocial challenges that may result. Conclusion: It may be more appropriate to raise XY children as male regardless of the appearance of their external genitalia. ER  - 
Endocrine changes in adult patients of E-Beta thalassemia; Background: HbE-β thalassemia accounts for 50% of all severe thalassemias occurring globally. Endocrinopathy in β thalassemia major is well established but data of endocrine changes in E-β thalassemia is limited. Objective:Assess prevalence of endocrine changes in adults with E-Beta thalassemia & correlate endocrine dysfunction with serum ferritin levels & severity of thalassemia. Material and methods: Hospital-based observational study of adults with E- β thalassemia was carried out. Anthropometry, pubertal staging, biochemical, hormonal assays & DEXA was done. Mahidol score was used to assess severity of thalassaemia. Results: 51 patients (31 male, 20 female) were evaluated. Median age of patients was 25yrs. Mean age of diagnosis of thalassemia was 10.2± 8.7yrs. 30 (58.8%) needed regular transfusions. 24 (48%) were on chelation therapy, with mean duration of chelation being 4±3.9 yrs. Mean haemoglobin was 6.9 ±1.1 g/dl. Mean ferritin was 1356.4 ± 1220.9 ng/ml. 25 (49%) had short stature. Of whom 23 had low age adjusted IGF-1 levels. 18 males (58.1%) had delayed puberty. 7 females (35%) had delayed menarche and 7(35%) amenorrhea. Hypogonadism was present in 21 (42%) (14 males & 7 females) 16 (31.4%) had subclinical and 3 (5.8%) overt primary hypothyroidism. Subclinical adrenal insufficiency occurred in 38 (74.5%). Diabetes mellitus was found in 9.8% (5 patients), IFG in 3.92 %( 2 patients) and IGT in 49 %( 25 patients) with a mean HOMA-IR of 1.15 ± 0.6. 15(29.4%) had primary hypoparathyroidism of whom 12 (80%) had low calcium and 9 had raised serum phosphate (60%).Overall 20(39.2%) had low calcium levels, 40(78.3%) had high phosphate levels and 16(31.4%) had low 25-OH Vitamin D levels. 50 of 51 patients (98%) had more than one endocrinopathy. Ferritin levels had significant correlation with thalassemia severity (p<0.05), annual transfusion requirement (p<0.001) and hypogonadism (p=0.047). DXA scan (in 20 patients) revealed low spinal Z-score in 12 (60%) and associated low femoral Z-score in 7 (35%). Low bone mass correlated significantly with hypogonadism (p=0.016), thalassemia severity (p=0.016) and haemoglobin levels (p=0.028). 90.9% of hypogonadal subjects had low bone mass. Alkaline phosphatase levels was raised in 6(50%) with low bone mass. 12(23.5%) (10 males, 2 females) had history of fracture of whom 4(33.3%) had hypogonadism. Conclusion: Endocrinopathies in patients with E-Beta thalassaemia was very common including thyroid dysfunction, secondary diabetes, hypoparathyroidism and sub-clinical adrenal disorders. Significant proportion presented with failure of growth and delayed sexual development. ER  - 
The relationship of puberty with low vitamin d status and insulin resistance in children and adolescents; Background: Obesity is a risk factor for vitamin D deficiency with serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25OHD) levels found to be inversely related to BMI. Despite the prevalence of pediatric obesity and vitamin D deficiency, there is scarce and conflicting data in the literature regarding the influence of puberty on vitamin D status in children and adolescents. In addition, the relationship of 25OHD and markers of cardiometabolic risk among prepubertal and pubertal children is still not clearly delineated. The aim of this study was to analyze the relationship between puberty, vitamin D levels, and markers of abnormal glucose metabolism in children and adolescents. Methods: A cross-sectional analysis of 200 subjects, age 6-17 years, seen at the pediatric endocrinology outpatient clinics at Weill Cornell Medical between April 2013 and May 2015. Age, gender, pubertal stage (Tanner 1-5), 25OHD level, along with anthropometric measurements and markers of cardiometabolic risk were collected. Results: Among the 200 subjects (79 boys and 121 girls; age: 11.85 +/-3.01 years), 46% were prepubertal and 51 % were obese or overweight (BMI>85t h percentile). Mean vitamin D level was statistically different between the pubertal and prepubertal groups (21.77+/-8.39 vs. 25.86 +/- 9.34, respectively) (p=0.001) and was also significantly higher in those that were Tanner 1 (25.71 +/-9.2) vs. Tanner 5 (20.10+/-6.63) (p<0.01). The majority of subjects (84%) had vitamin D deficiency or insufficiency (25OHD <30ng/ml) with 33% of subjects meeting criteria for Vitamin D deficiency (25OHD < 20 ng/ml). There was a statistically significant difference in vitamin D status between the pubertal and prepubertal groups (p= 0.026) with 89% of pubertal subjects with 25OHD <30ng/ml compared to 77% of prepubertal subjects. Higher BMI, BMI z-score and weight z-score were associated with vitamin D deficiency (P<0.01). In patients with fasting metabolic parameters available (n=40), puberty was associated with a greater degree of insulin resistance, with fasting insulin statistically higher in pubertal subjects than prepubertal subjects (p<0.05) and HOMA-IR approaching statistical significance. (p=0.08). There was no difference between prepubertal and pubertal subjects with regards to season of the year (p=0.43). Conclusion: Vitamin D deficiency is common in children and adolescents with one third of our patient population found to meet criteria for vitamin D deficiency, regardless of the season of the year. Puberty in general, and more specifically advanced stages of puberty (Tanner 5), may be risk factors for vitamin D deficiency and lower mean vitamin D levels. Puberty also appears to play a role in the degree of insulin resistance in obese children. This study highlights the role of monitoring 25OHD levels in children and adolescents and the possible need for increased supplementation during puberty.. ER  - 
Factors associated with the presence and severity of diabetic ketoacidosis at diagnosis of type 1 diabetes in korean children and adolescents; Diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA) is a major life-threatening complication of type 1 diabetes (T1DM). The aim of this study was to identify the risk factors for the presence and severity of DKA at new onset of T1DM in Korean children and adolescents. A retrospective chart review of children and adolescents newly diagnosed as T1DM from January 2000 to May 2015 was done in 7 secondary and tertiary centers in South Korea. Eligible subjects were < under age of 20 years and had records on the presence or absence of DKA at T1DM diagnosis. The severity of DKA was categorized as mild (venous blood pH<7.3), moderate (venous blood pH<7.2) and severe (venous blood pH<7.1). Data was collected on age, height, body weight at diagnosis, body weight after stabilization, pubertal status, family history of diabetes, delayed diagnosis of T1DM (whether T1DM was diagnosed at the first hospital visit), preceding infection, health insurance status, and parental education. A total of 361 children and adolescents diagnosed with T1DM were included. The mean age was 8.8 ± 4.0 years and 37 patients were younger than 3 years of age and 91 patients were older than 12 years of age. 53.7% (n=194) of the patients were female. Overall 48.9% (n=177) of the patients presented with DKA at T1DM diagnosis. Thirty six percent of all patients (n=137) was not diagnosed as T1DM at the first medical consultation and in 13% (n=47), a preceding infection was present. The risk for DKA at diagnosis was 2.8 times (P=0.022) higher in patients younger than 3 years of age, and was 1.8 times (P=0.007) higher in patients older than 12 compared to patients between 3 and 12 years old. Lower serum c-peptide levels (P<0001), presence of preceding infection (P=0.001), and delayed diagnosis (P=0.02) significantly increased the risk of DKA at T1DM diagnosis. Multivariate analysis revealed that age greater than 12 (OR=2.8, P<0.001 vs. 3-12 years of age), delayed diagnosis (OR=1.8, P=0.025), and preceding infection (OR=3.0, P=0.004) increased the risk of DKA at T1DM diagnosis. Within the DKA group, mild DKA was found in 41% of patients, moderate DKA 32%, and severe DKA 27%. As the severity of DKA increased, the portion of medical aid program and the co-payment subsidies for the near poor project were higher (P for trend=0.011), parental education was lower (P for trend=0.014), and incidence of preceding infection was higher (P for trend=0.010). Delayed diagnosis, being too young to express symptoms or being old enough to be relatively free from parental care, and preceding infection increased the risk of DKA at T1DM diagnosis. Insurance status, parental educational level and preceding infection affected the severity of DKA. These results imply that alertness of the physician alertness and public awareness of the first symptoms of diabetes are needed to decrease the incidence and the severity of DKA at diagnosis of T1DM. ER  - 
Atherogenic index of plasma and insulin resistance in obese pediatric population of South Bronx; does puberty have an effect on increased atherogenicity?; Introduction: Obesity in children increases the risk of metabolic syndrome and early atherogenesis, which make obese children prone to several diseases such as Diabetes Mellitus (DM) and cardiovascular diseases (CVDs). Sufficient data are available in adult population to show the correlation between adverse atherogenic index (AI), insulin resistance index (IRI) and hypertension in obese patients 1,2,3,4 . There is a paucity of data in pediatric population. Therefore, in an attempt to identify this correlation, in this cross-sectional study we investigated the level of AI and IRI in obese pediatric patients of south Bronx to prevent the origin of cardiometabolic disease at its origin. Methods: The data were obtained from the Electronic Medical Records of 156 obese pediatric patients, referred to an endocrine clinic in south Bronx. Information about gender, ethnicity, BMI, waist circumference, blood pressure, fasting glucose, insulin and lipid profile was gathered. Standard Formulas were used for all indexes: BMI: weight/(height)∧2. HOMA-IR: fasting glucose (mmol/l) x fasting insulin (mU/L)/22.5. AI: log [TG(mg/dl)/HDL-C(mg/dl)], low risk AI: <0.11, high risk AI >0.21. Results: The patients had an average age of 12.3±3.1 years with an male to female ratio of 1:1. 69% were Hispanics, 29% African American and 1% Asian. The average BMI was 31.5 ± 6.3 and 97% of the patients were morbidly obese with BMI>97th percentile. 96% of males and 88% of females had adverse AI. Females with insulin resistance were more likely to have adverse AI comparing to males (P<0.05). Highest ratio of adverse AI, adverse IRI, pre-diabetic HbA1c values were observed in pubertal age group (11-15 years). Moreover obese adolescents at tanner 4 of sexual maturity rating level have highest likelihood of having both adverse IRI and adverse AI (P<0.01) . There was a high correlation between BMI and adverse AI (P<0.05). Also, There was a high correlation between adverse AI and elevated systolic blood pressure (P<0.05). Finally, overall adverse AI was more likely in patients with adverse IRI(P<0.05). Discussion: Our results suggest that IRI can be used as a predictor of subclinical derangement of carbohydrate metabolism and, moreover, AI can predict risk of subclinical atherogenicity.5,6,7,8,9,10 Interestingly, obese children during puberty found to have higher risk of having adverse AI, adverse IRI, high sys BP, pre-diabetic Hba1c. Especially during tanner 4 it is more likely to have both adverse AI and IRI. It seems that puberty is associated with metabolic and hormonal changes that may exaggerate risk of chronic disease like diabetes or atherosclerosis. Noteworthy to mention that females with insulin resistance seems to be at higher risk to have adverse AI compared to males. We emphasize on IRI and AI measurements as useful indicators in the management of obesity in children. ER  - 
Real-life growth hormone dosing patterns across countries in turner syndrome; Turner syndrome (TS) is associated with short stature and abnormal pubertal development. However, girls with TS may reach normal height when treated with growth hormone (GH). We investigated GH treatment dosing patterns in 1047 girls with TS enrolled in the NordiNet® International Outcome Study (NCT00960128), a non-interventional study evaluating effectiveness and safety of Norditropin® (somatropin [recombinant GH], Novo Nordisk A/S, Denmark) in normal clinical practice. Sub-cohorts of TS girls from Germany and the Czech Republic were also evaluated as these countries had the largest number of enrolled patients (n=385 and n=111, respectively). Patients with TS were stratified by country, dose (low, 10-≤35; medium, >35-≤50; and high, >50 μg/kg/day), change (>10%) in dose (no change, increase and decrease), pubertal status (pre-pubertal, pubertal and post-pubertal) and body mass index (BMI) standard deviation score (SDS) (<-2, -2-0, 0<-2 and >2). Descriptive statistics were applied on cross-sectional data and data further evaluated by regression analysis. Data are presented as mean±SD, unless otherwise stated. Age at GH treatment start was 8.6±3.7 years. GH dose at treatment start was 43.5±11.7 μg/kg/day and was stable across seven years of treatment follow-up (average GH dose 44.0±8.5 μg/kg/day). At initiation of treatment height SDS (HSDS), bone age, insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) SDS and BMI SDS were -2.7±0.9, 7.9±3.5, -1.1±1.8 and 0.4±1.1, respectively. Similar data were reported in the Czech Republic and Germany. The majority of patients (66.7%) were treated with a dose within the medium dose range, with 45.0% taking doses according to label (45-67 μg/kg/day), 54.0% taking lower than, and 1.0% taking higher than label doses. HSDS at treatment start was significantly different across low-high dose groups (p<0.001), with higher doses taken by the shortest patients with a lower BMI. Whilst these findings were observed in the cohort from Germany (p<0.05), no associations were observed between baseline HSDS/BMI SDS and GH dose in the Czech Republic (p>0.05). Following 1 year of GH treatment, most patients (81.5%) had no change in GH dose, with 2.9% and 15.6%, respectively, having a reduction and an increase in GH dose. Change in GH dose was associated with baseline HSDS (p=0.0138) but not with IGF-I SDS. Relative GH dose was not different across age groups, or those of different pubertal status at treatment start. In conclusion, the majority of patients with TS were treated with doses within the medium range and doses remained largely unchanged throughout the 7 years of follow up. The lowest doses were used in those girls with the highest HSDS and BMI SDS at treatment start. ER  - 
The study of prevalence of thyroid autoantibodies among first-degree relatives of patients with autoimmune thyroid disease in thailand; Introduction: Autoimmune thyroid disease (AITD) is the common disorder that affects around 0.2-2% of the adult populations. It occurs more frequently in women and in the family members. The presence of thyroid autoantibodies has been found in associated with AITD. Methods: Healthy first-degree relatives of the patients with documented AITD were analyzed for thyroid autoantibodies including anti-thyroid peroxidase and thyroglobulin autoantibodies, and thyroid function test. History of pregnancy, use of estrogen medication, and menarche in the women, smoking habits, iodine exposure (hometown) and family background were assessed by questionnaires. Its relationship with two common CTLA-4 polymorphisms, A49G and CT60, was also studied. Results: 155 subjects, 103 females and 52 males, were recruited into this observational cross-sectional study. Of these subjects, 81.9% (127/155) came from the patients with Graves' disease. 43 subjects came from families with more than one patient with documented AITD. About a half (45.8%) of first-degree relatives of the patients with documented AITD carried thyroid autoantibodies. These subjects were older than those with negative thyroid autoantibodies (p=0.002). They were also associated with female gender (p<0.001), delayed onset of menarche (p<0.001), and history of their offspring having AITD (p=0.018). Overt hyperthyroid were documented 0.65% (1/155) with 0.65% and 5.81% (9/155) were found to have subclinical hyperthyroidism and subclinical hypothyroidism, respectively. Interestingly, all female subjects with subclinical hypothyroidism (5/9) have thyroid autoantibodies. The association between the CTLA-4 SNPs and thyroid autoantibodies was not shown. Conclusions: This study shows the high prevalence of the thyroid autoantibodies among family members of AITD patients, which points out an important of screening to minimize the risk of undiagnosed thyroid dysfunction. ER  - 
Height gain and safety outcomes in growth hormone-treated children with idiopathic short stature: Experience from a prospective observational study; Idiopathic short stature (ISS) is a diagnosis of exclusion that encompasses many short children referred to pediatric endocrinologists. In 2003 the FDA approved growth hormone (GH) treatment for ISS based on data from 2 randomized, controlled clinical trials (1, 2). Eligibility was restricted to children who have baseline (BL) height standard deviation score (HtSDS) ≤-2.25 and are unlikely to attain normal adult height (Ht). To assess outcomes in a substantial ISS cohort treated in routine US clinical practice we evaluated enrollment, short-term Ht gain, final height (FHt) and safety outcomes using data collected in the prospective GeNeSIS observational program. The patients (pts) with ISS included in our analyses represented 26% of US pts enrolled in GeNeSIS (N=2591 ISS of 9790 US pts). Of all pts with ISS, 81% were Caucasian and 72% male; the gender ratio remained relatively stable throughout the 1999-2013 enrollment period. In 356 pts with HtSDS available up to 4 years (y) of treatment, mean±SD age at BL was 10.2±2.8 y, HtSDS was -2.4±0.7 and GH dose 0.32±0.07 mg/kg/wk; Δ HtSDS was 0.6±0.3 (1st y), 0.4±0.3 (2nd y), 0.3±0.3 (3rd y) and 0.2±0.3 (4th y). In comparison, pts with idiopathic GH deficiency (IGHD) were taller at BL (HtSDS -2.1±0.8) but had similar age and GH dose, and Δ HtSDS was 0.6±0.4 (1st y), 0.4±0.3 (2nd y), 0.3±0.4 (3rd y) and 0.2±0.3 (4th y). Girls with ISS were younger at BL than boys (9.4±2.4 vs 10.4±2.8 y), shorter (HtSDS -2.8±0.7 vs -2.3±0.6), but had comparable Δ HtSDS (0.7±0.4 vs 0.6±0.3 [1st y], 0.4±0.3 vs 0.3±0.2 [2nd y], 0.3±0.4 vs 0.3±0.3 [3rdy] and 0.1±0.4 vs 0.2±0.3 [4th y]). FHt (defined by ≥1 of closed epiphyses, Ht velocity <2 cm/y, bone age >14 y for girls/>16 y for boys) was available for 452 pts. BL data (mean±SD) were: age, 12.5±2.3 y; HtSDS, -2.3±0.8; BMI SDS, -0.4±1.3. Initial GH dose was 0.34±0.08, increasing to 0.39±0.12 mg/kg/wk at FHt. Mean age, FHt SDS, BMI, SDS and GH duration at FHt were 16.7±1.7 y, -1.2±0.9, 0.2±1.4 and 4.1±2.2 y, respectively. FHt gain from BL was 1.1±1.0 SDS, with 84% of pts achieving FHt >-2 SDS. Mean FHt was greater for boys (FHt SDS -1.1±0.9, HtSDS gain 1.2±1.0) than girls (-1.4±1.0, 0.9±0.9), but boys had longer duration of therapy (4.5±2.2 vs 3.3±1.8 y). There were no significant gender differences for BL HtSDS, BMI, SDS or GH dose. Of 2407 GH-treated pts with ISS with ≥1 follow-up visit (2.8±2.0 y of follow-up) ≥1 adverse event (AE) was reported for 557 (23%) vs 828/3777 (22%) for IGHD. AEs reported for ≥1% of ISS pts were headache (3%), ADHD (3%), arthralgia (2%), scoliosis (2%), hypothyroidism (1%) and precocious puberty (1%). One death (septic meningitis), 3 cases of type 1 diabetes and 1 malignancy (malignant nevi) were reported. GH-treated pts with ISS had substantial Ht gain, similar to that observed in other studies (1-3) and in pts with IGHD. Girls received GH therapy less often than boys (4), but had similar Ht gain. No ISS-specific safety issues were identified. ER  - 
Hypothalamic-pituitary function after childhood brain tumors; Background: Advances in treatment of childhood brain tumors have increased survival time and quality of life for survivors; however, endocrine late effects often develop from tumor therapy. ACTH deficiency (ACTHD) is an uncommon hormone deficiency and lacks clear guidelines for surveillance despite life-threatening risks if undetected. We evaluated screening for ACTHD and other endocrinopathies within our multi-disciplinary neuro-oncology clinic. Objective: To identify prevalence and time to onset of ACTHD to allow refinement of screening strategies among brain tumor survivors. Methods: Retrospective chart review of 471 patients evaluated for brain tumor from 2002 to 2012. ACTHD was defined as peak serum cortisol <18 μg/dL twenty minutes after administration of 1μg/m2 intravenous ACTH. Peak cortisol >20 μg/dL was defined as normal while 18 -20 μg/dL was indeterminate. For random cortisol levels, ACTHD was defined as cortisol <13 μg/dL drawn at 0700-0900, while >13 μg/dL at any hour of the day was considered normal. Timing of tumor therapies, location of brain tumor, and presence of other endocrinopathies were recorded. Results: Of the 471 reviewed, 419 were included for analysis (6 excluded for no brain tumor diagnosis, 46 excluded for incomplete records). An endocrine evaluation occurred in 254 (60.6%) with an endocrine abnormality in 114 (45%) of those tested. Prevalence of endocrinopathies in the 254 included central hypothyroidism, 52.6%; GH deficiency, 38.6%; precocious puberty, 30.7%; GnRH deficiency, 27.2%; primary hypothyroidism, 21.1%; diabetes insipidus, 19.3%; and hyperprolactinemia, 6 . 1 % . Only 151/419 patients (36.0%) completed ACTHD testing at our center: 59.4% with suprasellar, 31.7% with posterior fossa, 2 9 . 1% with supratentorial, and 10.0% with spinal cord tumors. Abnormal ACTH occurred in 14.6% of 151 tested (ACTHD, 16; indeterminate, 6). Median time from tumor diagnosis to diagnosis of ACTHD was 2.1 years (IQR 0.3-3.8, maximum 11.4). Patients with tumor recurrence with repeated irradiation or surgery had increased risk for later diagnosis of ACTHD and temporally near the timing of these therapies. Conclusions: ACTHD most often occurred within the first 5 years after tumor diagnosis among brain tumor survivors. Tumor recurrence with repeat resection or irradiation increased the risk for later diagnosis. Other endocrinopathies most often occurred within the first 6 years after tumor diagnosis or following repeated therapies or recurrence. Even within our multidisciplinary clinic, screening rates for all endocrinopathies were low, including within the suprasellar group. We recommend implementing screening protocols to improve detection rates of endocrinopathies, targeted to the first 5 years after tumor therapy is completed. ER  - 
Alkaline phosphatase during growth hormone treatment: A reflection of growth?; Bone alkaline phosphatase (BALP), a marker of bone formation, is a reflection of growth hormone treatment (GHT) effectiveness and is reported to increase with GHT. Total alkaline phosphatase (TALP) in serum reflects BALP (1). TALP levels will reflect changes in growth velocity To analyze the change in TALP in children evaluated for growth hormone (GH) abnormalities with a growth hormone stimulation test (GHST) during a 12 month period A retrospective chart review of short children who had a GHST from 2012 to 2013 was performed. Details regarding auxologic parameters and laboratory data at time of GHST and at 12 months after were obtained. Patients included had GHST using the same protocol with arginine and L-dopa. Growth hormone deficiency (GHD) was defined as GH peak <10ng/ml. Patients with known genetic conditions, hypothyroidism, precocious puberty, GI diseases, abnormal electrolytes and calcium or insufficient data were excluded. T Test and Mann-Whitney U tests were used for statistical analyses. Seventy-four subjects met study criteria. GHD was diagnosed in 44 (mean peak GH 6.6 ±2 ng/ml) and 39 were treated with GH. For the GHD patients (33 M, 11F), mean age at baseline was 10.9 ±2.6 years, 14 pubertal. The mean TALP at baseline and 12 months were 208.3 ± 64.2 and 272.4 ± 87.5 U/L, respectively. Thirty patients, 22 male, did not have GHD (NGHD), mean peak GH 15.7 ±5.2 ng/ml), mean age at baseline 10.8 ±3.2 year; 6 pubertal. 11 NGHD patients were treated with GH. The mean TALP at baseline and 12 months were 211.9 ± 43 and 241.1 ± 69.9 U/L, respectively. There was no difference in TALP between GHD or NGHD at baseline (p=0.77) or 12 months (p=0.09). There was a significantly greater change in TALP in all treated (65.5 ±58.9 U/L) vs untreated (21.5 ±56.6 U/L) patients at p=0.002. In GHD, the change in TALP for those treated (68.8 ±54.2 U/L) vs not treated (46.4 ±89 U/L) showed no significance (p=0.74) but only 5 were not treated. In the NGHD group, the change in TALP was greater for treated (53.7 ± 75.2 U/L) vs not treated (14.9 ±46 U/L) at p=0.003. The change in growth velocity (GV) SDS for the GHD treated patients (5 ±2.9 SDS) vs for GHD nontreated (2.5 ±3 SDS) approached significance (p=0.07). The change in GV SDS for NGHD treated (3.9 ±4.2 SDS) vs NGHD nontreated (1.4±3.8 SDS) had p=0.11. Both likely due to small sample size. For all patients, there was a significant correlation between the change in TALP and change in GV at 12 months (R= +0.49, p<0.001). In both the treated and untreated patients, the correlations were significant, R= +0.33, p=0.01 and R= +0.52, p=0.005 respectively. Correlation between GV and TALP in GHD treated was R= +0.42, p=0.004 and in the NGHD nontreated was R= +0.62, p=0.003. Our data suggest that in GHD patients treated with GH, the change in TALP reflect the change in growth velocity. Studies in more patients may elucidate the relationship between TALP and GV in NGHD treated patients. ER  - 
Associations of leg length with increased colorectal cancer incidence in the atherosclerosis risk in communities (ARIC) study; Purpose There is growing evidence that taller people have an increased risk of colorectal cancer, which is thought to be explained by an increased production of growth hormones during puberty and/or a larger pool of atrisk colonic cells. Long bone growth during puberty is, in part, promoted by insulin-like growth factor-1, a higher circulating level of which is a risk factor for colorectal cancer. Thus, we hypothesized that long-bone growth indicated by leg length would be the component of height that is more strongly associated with colorectal cancer. To address this hypothesis, we evaluated the association of leg length, sitting height and total height with colorectal cancer risk in the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities (ARIC) prospective cohort. Methods The ARIC participants included 14,605 men and women who were cancer-free at baseline (1987-1989), and followed until 2006. Information about demographic, lifestyle, and anthropometric characteristics was obtained at baseline. Leg length was estimated as standing height minus sitting height. Incident colorectal cancers (n = 344) were ascertained by linkage to cancer registries and supplemented by hospital records. Statistical analysis Cox proportional hazards regression was used to estimate hazard ratios (HR) of colorectal cancer and 95% confidence intervals (CI) across quartiles of height, leg length, and sitting height. The final models were adjusted for age, sex, race, study center, education level, waist-to-hip ratio, female hormone replacement therapy use, and smoking status. Results Participants with longer legs tended to be male, African-American, and had higher education. Leg length was correlated with total (Pearson r = 0.83), and sitting height (Pearson r = 0.52). Participants in the highest quartile of leg length were at a 42% greater risk of colorectal cancer, relative to the lowest quartile (95% CI, 1.01-2.00, p-trend = 0.04). After stratification by gender, leg length remained associated with colorectal cancer risk in men (HR = 1.83, 95% CI, 1.11-3.05) but not in women (HR = 1.14, 95% CI, 0.70-1.83) for the highest versus the lowest quartile of leg length (pinteraction = 0.16). The HRs for the highest quartiles of total height and sitting height compared to the lowest quartiles were also increased, but the associations were weaker (HR = 1.25, 95% CI, 0.90-1.74, p-trend = 0.10 and HR = 1.30, 95% CI, 0.95-1.79, p-trend = 0.18 respectively). Conclusion In this prospective study, longer leg length was more strongly associated with an increased risk of colorectal cancer than overall height or sitting height. While we cannot rule out that the association between taller height and colorectal cancer risk may be explained by a larger pool of colonic cells in taller people, these findings support the prior observation that this association is driven by biological mechanisms correlated to long bone growth during puberty, such as insulinlike growth factor1. ER  - 
Growing Up with Type 1 narcolepsy: Its anthropometric and endocrine features; Study Objectives: To evaluate the effect of type 1 narcolepsy (NT1) on anthropometric and endocrine features in childhood/adolescence, focusing on patterns and correlates of weight, pubertal development, and growth in treated and untreated patients. Methods: We collected anthropometric (height, weight, body mass index (BMI) z-scores), pubertal, metabolic, and endocrine data from 72 NT1 patients at diagnosis and all available premorbid anthropometric parameters of patients from their pediatric files (n = 30). New measurements at 1-y reassessment in patients undergoing different treatments were compared with baseline data. Results: We detected a high prevalence of overweight (29.2%), obesity (25%), metabolic syndrome (18.8%), and precocious puberty (16.1%), but no signs of linear growth alterations at diagnosis. According to anthropometric records, weight gain started soon after NT1 onset. At 1-y follow-up reassessment, sodium oxybate treatment was associated with a significant BMI z-score reduction (-1.29 ± 0.30, p < 0.0005) after adjusting for baseline age, sex, sleepiness, and BMI. Conclusions: NT1 onset in children/adolescents is associated with rapid weight gain up to overweight/obesity and precocious puberty without affecting growth. In our study, sodium oxybate treatment resulted in a significant weight reduction in NT1 overweight/obese patients at 1-y follow-up. ER  - 
Hormonal regulatory mechanisms in obese children and adolescents after previous weight reduction with a lifestyle intervention: Maintain - paediatric part - a RCT from 2009-15; Background: Weight loss improves cardiovascular risk factors and "quality of life". Most therapeutic approaches fail to induce a sustained weight loss and most individuals undergo weight regain. In this paper the comprehensive design of the "MAINTAIN" study, all assessments as well as the one year lifestyle intervention will be outlined in detail. Methods/Design: One-center randomized controlled trial with seven assessment time points conducted 2009-2015. For the randomization eight groups were distinguished in a list to allocate intervention or control group: Females and males either pre-pubertal or pubertal and with a BMI-SDS under or over 2.5. Setting: Weight loss at a residential weight reduction programme Berlin/Brandenburg and intervention at a paediatric outpatient clinic; Participants: 137 children and adolescents (10 to 17 years). Intervention: Participants were randomized after an initial weight loss at a residential weight reduction programme and allocated to intervention (n=65) and control (n=72) conditions. The intervention group received an one-year group multi-professional lifestyle intervention with monthly meetings at the paediatric outpatient obesity clinic. The control group had a free living phase for one year and both groups 48 months follow up. Main outcome measures: Participants who are engaged in monthly intervention meetings will benefit in terms of a sustained weight maintenance. The primary aim is to describe the dynamic of hormonal and metabolic mechanisms counter-balancing sustained weight loss during puberty and adolescence. The secondary aim is to investigate the effect of an intensive family based lifestyle intervention during the weight maintenance period on the endogenous counter-regulation as well as on health related quality of life. The third aim is to establish predictors for successful weight maintenance and risk factors for weight regain in obese children and adolescents. Discussion: Weight maintenance after induced weight loss is one of the most important therapeutic challenges as long as most patients fail to maintain their weight loss. MAINTAIN is the first paediatric RCT addressing in parallel to a RCT in obese adults the course of weight regain after induced weight loss and is embedded in an experimental research consortium in order to also address several molecular mechanisms of weight regain. ER  - 
Associated congenital anomalies and related conditions in children born small for gestational age-our experiences; Background and aims Several studies confirmed associated comorbidities in children born small for gestational age (SGA) during childhood to adulthood. The aim of study is to evaluate a prevalence, clinical features and outcome of associated conditions or congenital anomalies in SGA born children which might lead to chronic diseases in adulthood. Methods Data of our cohort consisted of 100 children born small for gestational age was evaluated for associated comorbidities. We confirmed certain diseases and related conditions by applying an appropriate diagnostic protocols and followed with an adequate treatment. Results An analyzed data of our SGA patients revealed: mostly of them, 70/100 remained with short stature after 4y of age, in 7/100 children were diagnosed congenital anomalies of kidneys and urinary tract (CAKUT), 4/100 had cystic fibrosis (CF), 4/100 children were obese, but two of them had hyperinsulinemia and insulin resistance, 3/100 girls manifested signs of precocious puberty, and 1 patient developed psychosomatic impairment and one girl had autoimmune thyroid disease. Conclusions SGA born children have higher morbidity and mortality risk in adulthood. Herein we presented several associated conditions in our cohort of SGA born children. These conditions are potential risk factors for cardiovascular disease, chronic kidney disease (CKD), diabetes mellitus and other chronic diseases in adulthood. Early recognition, assessment and treatment of these conditions might improve the quality of life of our children. ER  - 
Epicardial fat thickness in prepubertal and pubertal children; Background and aims Epicardial fat tissue (EFT), a particular form of visceral adipose tissue deposited a round the heart, is considered an important cardiovascular risk predictor, EFT has strong correlation between obesity, impaired fasting glucose, insulin resistance, metabolic syndrome, hypertension, atherosclerosis, and more. However to determine the prediction capability of EFT in various diseases data fromhealthy children are needed. Sowe aimed to determine EFTin healthy prepubertal and pubertal children. Methods The study included 72 healthy children, which came to the pediatric cardiology departments with innocent heart murmur have no cardiac - extracardiac pathology. After detailed history, all the patientswere performed anthropometric measurements , physical examinations, and evaluations of biochemistry, and hormonal status in pediatric endocrinology department. EFT was determined by transthoracic echocardiographic (TE)measurements in millimeters, by same cardiologist, The average value of the EFTthickness of 3 cardiac cycles was considered as the final EFT thickness. Results 35 prepubertal (17 female, 18 male) and 37 pubertal (17 female, 20 male) cases were studied. Average age of prepubertal children are 5.6±2.7 years, pubertal children are 13.4±3.2 years. EFT was significantly higher in pubertal children (3.1±1.2 mm), than prepubertal children (1.7±0.7 mm). Conclusions It is concluded that EFTmay be used as early marker or prognosticfactor in many disease which effects CVS. This study is helpful on obtaining EFT values of healty children. But to obtain nominal value for EFT in healthy children further researchs has to be done including more patients. ER  - 
Metabolic syndrome and insulin resistance in obese adolescent boys; Background. Puberty is a crucial time for metabolic syndrome (MS) development as insulin resistance increases during puberty in both non-diabetic and diabetic adolescents. Moreover, recent epidemiological study found that adolescent males carry a three times higher risk for metabolic syndrome compared to adolescent females. Although some MS features are unequivocally present in children and adolescents, the diagnostic criteria for this age group are still a matter of debate. We aimed to investigate the the qlucose metabolism and MS features in obese adolescent boys. Patients and Methods. 292 adolescent boys (12-17 years) with overweight or obesity (BMI>95P) were examined. Physical examination included height, weight, waist circumference and blood pressure (BP) measurements, as well as pubertal development estimation (Tanner stage). Blood samples for insulin (IRI), plasma glucose (FPG), and lipid measurements were taken in fasting state. Insulin sensitivity (HOMA%S) and β-cell function (HOMA%B) were estimated by HOMA Calculator v2.2. Statistical analysis was performed using SPSS version 9.0. Univariate regression analysis has been performed. Results. Among the 292 study objects 37.7 % were hypertensive, 35.9 % had high triacylglycerol (TG) levels, and 31.9 % had low HDL-cholesterol levels. Fasting glucose intolerance was found in 8.9 % and insulin resistance (HOMA %S <100 %) in 91.1 % of the patients. Univariate regression analysis revealed nonlinear association (r = - 0.67, P = 0.0001) between insulin sensitivity and β-cell function. Insulin resistant individuals (HOMA%S < 100 %) had an increased prevalence of high TG OR = 16.6 [16.4-16.8], low HDL-cholesterol OR = 3.36 [1.9-5.2], and arterial hypertension OR = 2.13 [1.2-6.09]. Fasting glucose intolerance (≥6.1 mmol/L) was associated with β-cell dysfunction OR = 14.7 [10.3-19.1]. Conclusion. We found a correlation between insulin sensitivity/β-cell function and MS features (BP, TG, HDL, FPG). In 15.4 % of the studied cohort there was both resistance to insulin and insufficient β-cell function, but no hypertension and dyslipidemia. This subgroup fulfills the criteria for prediabetes rather than for MS. Alarmingly, in 56.1 % (n = 105) of the obese adolescent boys with resistance to insulin and still normal β-cell function, there has been already a full set of MS features (abdominal obesity, high BP, high TG and low HDL-cholesterol). They are at risk for metabolic cardiovascular complications. ER  - 
Metabolic syndrome in obese children and adolescents-influence of the degree of obesity, age, gender and puberty; Background. The Metabolic Syndrome (MetS) is well investigated in obese adults. Yet there is little known about the MetS and its individual traits in children and adolescents. The effect of the degree of obesity, age, gender and puberty are not well defined. Objectives: To investigate the prevalence of MetS in children and adolescents and its relation to BMI-SDS and fat mass index (FMI). Material and Methods. 421 children and adolescents aged 6-17 y [52.5 % female; 14.1 (11.0-15.9) years; BMI-SDS: 0.60 (-0.40-2.06); FMI: 4.47 (2.36-10.18)] were investigated. 119 of them were obese [57.1 % female; 15.1 (13.9-16.3) years; BMI-SDS 2.48 (2.20-2.83); FMI: 13.05 (11.14-15.02)]. Fat mass was measured by air displacement plethysmography. Blood pressure (BP), triglyceride (TG), HDL-C, insulin and fasting blood glucose (FBG) were included as parameters of MetS. IDF based cut-offs were used to detect MetS. Results are presented as median and interquartil range. Multivariate linear regression analysis was used to determine the influence of BMI-SDS, FMI, age, gender and pubertal status on insulin concentration as a parameter of MetS. Results: The prevalence of MetS was 14.3 % in total population. Prevalences of MetS-related traits were 31 % (BP), 10.4 % (TG), 21.4 % (HDL-C) and 12.1 % (FBG). In a subsample of 119 obese children and adolescents prevalence of MetS was 41.2 % [57.9 % (BP), 20.5 % (TG), 46.2 % (HDL-C) and 10.3 % (FBG)]. In the total population FMI significantly explained 21.3 % of the variance of insulin concentration, age explained 1.1 % and gender explained 0.8 % of the variance. BMI-SDS and pubertal status were excluded from the model. For obese children and adolescents multivariate regression analysis showed no significant results. Conclusion. MetS occurs in one in four children and adolescents. In obese subjects the prevalence raises up to 41 %. In the total population FMI, age and gender affect MetS with no effects in obese subjects. Therefore the degree of obesity, age, gender and pubertal status do not influence MetS in obese children and adolescents. ER  - 
Branched chain amino acid concentrations-a predictive value for insulin resistance in obese children and adolescents?; Background. Metabolic changes of overnutrition include an increase of circulating branched-chain amino acids (BCAAs). Leucine plays a major role in the regulation of the mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR)-signaling pathway, which contributes to the development of insulin resistance. Patients and Methods. This study is aimed to assess branched-chain amino acid (BCAA)-related metabolite signature in obese children to gain a better understanding of risk factors and correlation with insulin resistance. Methods: 81 paediatric patients considered obese by Kromeyer-Hauschild classification (with a BMI> = 90th percentile) were included retrospectively into our study. Fasting values for plasma amino acids were measured using ion-exchange chromatography. Results. 8 patients were defined as overweight, 25 as obese and 48 as extremely obese. The mean fasting glucose concentration in all patients was 82.8 ± 8.54 mg/dl (4.6±0.5 mmol/L). The mean fasting insulin concentration was 14.2 ± 8.28 μU/mL. Extremely obese children had slightly higher BCAA concentrations and isoleucine concentrations significantly correlated with fasting insulin concentrations in the age group between 6.0-13.9 years. Conclusion. Changes in the BCAA values may reflect the development of insulin resistance in puberty. ER  - 
Neck circumference as a predictor of metabolic syndrome, insulin resistance and low-grade systemic inflammation in children: The ACFIES study; Background: The current study aims to evaluate the association between neck circumference (NC) and several cardio-metabolic risk factors, to compare it with well-established anthropometric indices, and to determine the cut-off point value of NC for predicting children at increased risk of metabolic syndrome, insulin resistance and low-grade systemic inflammation. Methods: A total of 669 school children, aged 8-14, were recruited. Demographic, clinical, anthropometric and biochemical data from all patients were collected. Correlations between cardio-metabolic risk factors and NC and other anthropometric variables were evaluated using the Spearman's correlation coefficient. Multiple linear regression analysis was applied to further examine these associations. We then determined by receiver operating characteristic (ROC) analyses the optimal cut-off for NC for identifying children with elevated cardio-metabolic risk. Results: NC was positively associated with fasting plasma glucose and triglycerides (p = 0.001 for all), and systolic and diastolic blood pressure, C-reactive protein, insulin and HOMA-IR (p < 0.001 for all), and negatively with HDL-C (p = 0.001). Whereas, other anthropometric indices were associated with fewer risk factors. Conclusions: NC could be used as clinically relevant and easy to implement indicator of cardio-metabolic risk in children. ER  - 
The influence of INS VNTR class III allele on auxological parameters, glucose, insulin, lipids, and adipocytokines secretion in prepubertal children born small for gestational age; Introduction: The insulin gene variable number of tandem repeats (INS VNTR) class III allele has been implicated in lower birth weight, obesity, and insulin resistance. We assessed its influence on birth weight in the Polish population and on the current body mass and metabolic profile in prepubertal children born small for gestational age (SGA). Material and methods: DNA for genotyping of INS VNTR was available for 123 subjects born SGA and 132 born appropriate for gestational age (AGA). We identified two alleles: class I and class III. Next, in 112 prepubertal (aged: 6.8 ± 1.38 years) SGA children, the auxological measurements, fasting serum C-peptide, triglycerides, cholesterol, ghrelin, leptin, adiponectin, resistin, cortisol, and insulin-like growth factor type I (IGF-I) concentrations, as well as glucose and insulin during oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), were assessed and insulin resistance indices were calculated. The results were analysed depending on INS VNTR variants. Results: The occurrence of individual INS VNTR variants were similar in the SGA and AGA groups. In prepubertal SGA children, we did not observe any statistical differences as regards birth weight, body mass, lipids, or adipocytokine concentrations among I/I, I/III, and III/III class groups. The concentration of insulin in 120' of OGTT was significantly higher in class III homozygous than in class I homozygous individuals. Conclusions: Variant INS VNTR class III was shown not to be associated in any essential way with birth weight in the Polish population. Among prepubertal SGA children, the presence of INS VNTR class III is related to higher insulin secretion during OGTT. ER  - 
Endocrinopathies in adolescents with thalassaemia major receiving oral iron chelation therapy; Background: Endocrinopathies are common in patients with thalassaemia major (TM) despite parenteral iron chelation therapy with deferoxamine. There are only a few studies on the efficacy of oral deferiprone in preventing endocrine dysfunction. Aim: To determine the growth and endocrine complications in children with TM receiving oral iron chelation with deferiprone. Methods: All adolescents with TM receiving regular blood transfusion and deferiprone were evaluated prospectively for growth and pubertal status over a 1-year period. Tests for endocrine function included oral glucose tolerance test, calcium, phosphate, alkaline phosphatase, parathyroid hormone and thyroid profile and, in those with delayed/arrested puberty, sex steroids and gonadotropins. Clonidine-stimulated growth hormone (GH) was measured in patients with height ≤-3 SD. Results: 89 patients [51 males, 38 females, mean (SD) age 13.6 (2.5) years] were evaluated. Mean (SD) pre-transfusion haemoglobin was 9.2 (1.1) g/dl and the mean (SD) age of starting deferiprone was 5.1 (2.4) years. Mean (SD) ferritin was 9159 (3312) pmol/L (normal <2247). 49 (55%) subjects were of short stature and 25 (27%) had a height Z-score ≤-3. GH testing was performed in 19 patients, of whom 17 had peak GH values <10 µg/L. Delayed puberty and/or hypogonadism was present in 54.1% patients at or beyond the age of normal puberty. Impaired glucose tolerance/diabetes mellitus, hypoparathyroidism and primary hypothyroidism (subclinical) were present in 13.0%, 10.1% and 8.9%, respectively. Overall, 44 (49.4%) adolescents had at least one endocrinopathy. Conclusion: Adolescents with TM on oral iron chelation therapy with deferiprone experienced a high prevalence of growth faltering and endocrinopathies which was comparable to that previously reported with deferoxamine. A combination of deferoxamine and deferiprone may be necessary to prevent growth and endocrine problems. ER  - 
The age of menarche and osteoporosis-when is really important?; Menarche and menopause are milestones of normal reproductive life for women, identifying the beginning and the end of the reproductive life in women. Different studies have linked ages at menarche and menopause in many health consequences for women in later life like osteoporosis, cardiovascular risk, diabetes mellitus. In postmenopausal women, the cumulative exposure to endogenous estrogens, measured as years between menarche and menopause, was showed to be a significant protective factor against the development of postmenopausal osteoporosis. Consequently, early menarche and late menopause were associated with high BMD. Among these, the reproductive period showed the strongest association with BMD. Some studies showed that age at menopause between 40 and 45 years, but not age at menarche, correlated with low bone mineral density in postmenopausal females. Early menarche alone has some relation to high BMD in postmenopausal women but is more relevant in premenopausal women. The age at menarche seems to have the main relevance for the peak bone mass and for premenopausal women and after certain age, any difference in BMD in women experiencing different menarche ages or even menopause has disappeared. With increased recognition of premenopausal osteoporosis due to specific conditions or even as a consequences of previous treatments like cancer treatments in children, it is considered important to prevent risk factors that disturb the beginning of menstruation in adolescent girls as a major to improve the peal bone mass and reducing risk of fracture later in life. ER  - 
Characteristics of a Portuguese paediatric sample with autoimmune thyroiditis; Introduction: Chronic autoimmune thyroiditis (AT) is the most common cause of acquired hypothyroidism and goitre in children and adolescents in iodine-replete areas and has a wide spectrum of clinical manifestations and a variable clinical course. Hypothyroidism may lead to neuropsychiatric disorders and changes in growth/ pubertal development. Purpose: The aim of this study was to characterize the epidemiological, clinical and laboratory features of children and adolescents with AT, followed in the Paediatric Endocrinology Unit of our centre. Materials and Methods: We conducted a retrospective study, based on evaluation of medical records of these patients, from 31/12/2010 to 31/12/2015. We performed a descriptive analysis of the following variables: demographic (age, gender, anthropometry, pubertal status), clinical (type of disease presentation, family history, thyroid function, thyroid palpation), analytical [thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH) and free thyroxine (free T4)/total thyroxine (total T4), anti-thyroid peroxidase antibodies (anti-TPOAb) and anti-thyroglobulin antibodies (anti-TGAb)] and imagiological (thyroid ultrasound scan). The diagnosis of AT was established by the presence of positive autoantibodies (PAA). Statistical analyses were performed using SPSS 24.0 for Windows. Results: The initial sample had 217 patients, 47 were excluded because of incomplete data (final sample, n = 170); 82.9% (n = 141) were females and 73.5% (n = 125) were pubertal. At the time of diagnosis, 47.1% (n = 80) of the patients were euthyroid, 29.4% (n = 50) had subclinical hypothyroidism and 23.5% (n = 40) had hypothyroidism. Mean age at diagnosis was 11.33 ± 0.244 years. The main reasons for referral were goitre (41.8%) and changes in thyroid function and/or PAA (14.1%); 83.5% had positive anti-TPOAb and 72.9% positive anti-TGAb. The most commonly associated autoimmune disease was type 1 Diabetes Mellitus (4.7%). Thyroid ultrasound presented nodules in 42.1% (n = 70) of all cases, and 4 of those patients underwent fine needle aspiration (no malignancy was detected). Seven (8.75%) euthyroid patients developed hypothyroidism. Conclusion: AT is more frequent in pubertal girls, as previous published in literature. At diagnosis most patients were euthyroid, nevertheless a regular follow-up is essential, taking into account the risk of hypothyroidism and thyroid cancer (mostly papillary thyroid carcinoma) development. Diagnosing AT at an early stage offers the opportunity for a timely intervention. (Table Presented). ER  - 
Analysis of serum level of HE4 and CA125 considering selected risk factors among patients with endometrioid endometrial cancer; The aim of the study: To assess the difference of serum level of HE4 and CA125 among patients with endometrioid endometrial cancer, considering the presence or absence of selected risk factors. Material and methods: A retrospective study of 46 patients, whose serum level of HE4 and CA125 level was documented, admitted to our Clinic because of endometrioid endometrial cancer. The statistical difference of both markers was analyzed considering certain risk factors. Results: In the examined group of patients there was no significant statistical difference of HE4 and CA125 levels among patients with and without the following risk factors: older age, menopausal status, overweight and obesity, hypertension, diabetes, early menarche, and family history of certain cancers. Similar results were obtained within the subgroup of patients with stage I endometrial cancer. Both HE4 and CA125 were significantly higher in premenopausal patients than in those after menopause in the more advanced stages of the disease. The same results were obtained within group of patients with advanced histological grading G2 and G3. In this group, higher levels of CA125 were observed among patients without hypertension. Among patients with histological grade G1 the serum level of HE4 was higher in the group of patients older than 60 years than it was in younger patients. Conclusions: In the examined group of patients serum levels of tumour markers may not be affected by the selected risk factors. Higher HE4 and CA125 levels among premenopausal patients may be an alarming sign of advanced stages and classes of histological grading. ER  - 
Is anti-Mullerian hormone an indicator of potential polycystic ovary syndrome in prepubertal girls with simple obesity; The aim of this anti-Mullerian hormone (AMH) levels in prepubertal obese girls are a predictive marker for polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and to investigate the relationship between insulin resistance and AMH. Sixty girls with premature pubarche or obesity and 20 healthy controls between the ages of 6-9 were enrolled. Of the patients, 22 (36.7%) were in the obese group (Group 1), 28 (46.7%) in the early pubarche group (Group 2) and 10 (16.6%) in the early pubarche + obese group (Group 3). Comparison of the subjects’ fasting insulin and homeostatic model assessment insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) demonstrated significantly higher values for group 1 compared to group 2 (p=0.001 and 0.001) and, likewise, significantly higher values for group 3 compared to group 2. There was no significant differences between all groups for AMH levels. AMH levels were not significantly different in the obese girls compared to the other groups. There was also no relationship between AMH and insulin resistance in any of the groups. Further studies, however, are needed due the limited number of subjects in this study and in the absence of adequate relevant data. ER  - 
Effects of methylphenidate on growth and bone turnover in prepubertal male children; OBJECTIVE: Effects of methylphenidate on child growth has been a subject to many studies up to date but their results are away from being definite and consistent yet. In this study, we examined the effects of methylphenidate on children's growths. METHODS: male children between 6 and 8 years old diagnosed as Attention Deficite Hyperactivity Disorder and who are candidates for methylphenidate treatmen at the Child Psychiatry Clinics of Antalya Training Research Hospital between January and March 2015 t were included as the study sample and the children whose parents provided informed consents were included into the studysubjects . Before and after six months of the methylphenidate treatment, all were examined for their current health status, height, weight, body mass index, pubertal signs. Height-standard deviation score( H-SDS), weight-standart deviation score (W-SDS) and BMI-standart deviation score (BMI-SDS) were recalculated according to Turkey norms based on gender and age-matched peers. Blood samples were drawn before and after six months of treatment to measure hemogram, total biochemical parameters, parathormone, osteocalcine, bone specific alkalene phosphatase, vitamine D, P1NP (procollagen type 1 N-propeptide, bone formation marker, ng/mL) and NTx (type I collagen cross-linked N-telopeptide, bone resorption marker, pg/mL). Exclusion criteria were any neuropsychiatric diagnoses other than ADHD, any current or past systemic disease, familial systemic diseases, drug treatments, and obesity. The data were analyzed using SPSS Version 20 for Windows. Pretreatment and sixth months' values were compared with paired t-tests and p was set as significant at 0.05 level (2-tailed). Pearson's product-moment correlation coefficients were calculated to see the correlations of the pretreatment and sixth months' variables, separately; correlation was significant at 0.01 level (2-tailed) for PINP and NTx but at 0.05 level (2-tailed) for others. RESULTS: Of the 98 prepubertal male children; parents of 74 participated into the study and 30 subjects (n=100) were completers. Mean (M) of ages was 87.73 months (n=30.74-104, med: 87). Extended released methylphenidate or its equivalent dose of immediate released methylphenidate were used. For H-SDS measurements; any significant difference was not seen between the pretreatment (M=0.29; SD=0.88) and sixth month's values (M=0.37; SD=0.99; t(29)=-1.05) but sixth months' values of W-SDS (M=0.03; SD=0.97) and BMI-SDS (M=-0.23; SD=1.18) were significantly below the expected [(M=0.41; SD=1.05; t(29)=7.19) and (M=0.30; SD=1.17; t(29)=7.17); respectively]. Sixth months' values of glucose (M=87.76; SD=6.71), creatinine (M=0.60; SD=0.06), vitamin D (M=27.62; SD=6.97) were significantly higher than their pretreatment values [(M=82.36; SD=6.15; t(29)=-4.13), (M=0.56; SD=0.08; t(29)=-3.56), (M=18.50; SD=7.34; t(27)=-5.24)] and sixth months' level of alkaline phosphatase (M=219.46; SD=51.37) was lower than the pretreatment one (M=245.82; SD=53.25; t(27)=3.36). Pretreatment P1NP values (M=447.44; SD=254.85) significantly increased (M=666.85; SD=515.69; t(29)=-2.15). Significant correlations were found between P1NP and NTx(r=0.88), glucose and creatinine (r=0.42), glucose and vitamin D (r=0.37) for their pretreatment values and between P1NP and NTx (r=0.65), also between P1NP and glucose (r=-0.36) for their sixth months' values. CONCLUSION: Our results displayed that weights and body mass indexes of the prepubertal male children were below the expected but height measures were not different from Turkey norms (2) after 6 months of methylphenidate treatment. Glucose, creatinine, vitamin D, P1NP increased; alkalene phosphatase decreased significantly. Our results revealed that methylphenidate has considerable effects on children's growth and its mechanism should be examined in more structured studies with wide scopes including growth percentiles, bone metabolism, biochemical parameters etc. ER  - 
School performance in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes; Hyperglycemia may affect cognitive functions but the impact of Type 1 Diabetes (T1D) on academic achievement is controversial. Our aim was to examine the relation between school performance and metabolic control in children with T1D, and to compare their academic achievement with their peers. We review clinical data on 66 children with T1D. School grades from year 2015 were obtained from the national registry and were correlated with parameters related to hyperglycemia exposure and metabolic control. The academic qualifications of each subject with T1D were compared with the mean grades of peers from the same kind of school (public, private o subsidized private) and location. Children were 13.4±2.9 years old, 83% with pubertal development, 60% female, had diabetes during 5.3±3.2 years, a mean HbA1c 8.6±1.9, controlled capillary blood glucose 3.2±1.2 per day, 26% had hypothyroidism under treatment and 32% had mental health issues. In Chile school grades range is 1 to 7. Subjects mean grades were: total 5.6±0.7, math 5.2±1.1, language 5.2±0.7 and history 5.2±0.9. Average marks showed no correlation with HbA1c or with diabetes duration. Interestingly we found a significant correlation (p < 0.05) between school grades and number of capillary blood glucose readings per day, Pearson correlation coefficient 0.25, 0.41, 0.52 and 0.58 with total, math, language, and history respectively. No association was observed with hypothyroidism or mental health disturbances and school grades. Characteristics of children whose grades were below or over the mean of the peers are shown in the table. We found no significant differences between both groups in any variable. In this small group of children, T1D, HbA1c an diabetes duration were not associated with a decrement in school performance. Children who checked capillary blood glucose more often showed better school grades. ER  - 
Time course of central precocious puberty development caused by an MKRN3 gene mutation: A prismatic case; Introduction: Loss-of-function mutations in the imprinted gene MKRN3 represent the most common known genetic defects associated with central precocious puberty (CPP). The penetrance of these mutations remains to be established. To date, all reported individuals with MKRN3 mutations were already in puberty or postpubertal and were identified retrospectively. Herein, we report the first case of a prepubertal child with an MKRN3 mutation who was followed prospectively and developed CPP. Method: We describe the complete clinical and laboratory features of a female patient carrying an MKRN3 mutation, detected in childhood, followed until the development of pubertal signs. Results: The patient was screened at the age of 4 years because of positive family history - her sister developed CPP at the age of 6 years and was found to harbor the MKRN3 p.Pro161Argfs∗16 mutation, inherited from their asymptomatic father. During close follow-up, this young girl initially developed increased growth velocity at age 6 years (9 cm/year), followed by a slightly increased basal LH level (0.4 mIU/mL) and, ultimately, clinical thelarche, with rapid progression (Tanner stage 1 to 3) between the ages of 6.3 and 6.7 years, when the LH level became clearly pubertal (0.9 mIU/mL). In the context of a loss-of-function MKRN3 mutation and a positive family history, these features established the diagnosis of CPP and supported the initiation of treatment with GnRH analog, with complete regression of the thelarche after 6 months of therapy. The absence of significant bone age advancement, of pubic or axillary hair, or of behavioral or social problems at the diagnosis could be ascribed to the early diagnosis. Conclusion: The identification of carriers of MKRN3 mutations may contribute to early diagnosis of CPP, facilitating treatment decisions and guiding genetic counseling and prompt intervention in familial cases. This case deepens the available information on the penetrance and clinical characteristics of MKRN3 mutations, and illustrates how genetic testing can be useful in the clinical setting. ER  - 
Pediatric visceral adiposity index correlates with visceral adiposity, cardiovascular and metabolic distress in children; Introduction: Visceral Adiposity Index (VAI) is a mathematical model associated with cardiometabolic diseases in adults. Previous studies on children failed to demonstrate any association of VAI with metabolic and cardiovascular risk. We adapted VAI components to pediatric population (VAIP), but its association with cardiometabolic risk, has not been yet evaluated. The aim of this study was to adjust VAIPby age and analyze correlation with insulin resistance indexes and surrogate markers for cardiovascular risk. Methods: To adjust VAIP, a cross-sectional study was performed. Data from 396 children (211♂, 185♀; 5-17 years) with BMI, WC, TG and HDL were used. Correlation analysis against intima media thickness (IMT), flow mediated dilatation (FMD), HOMA-IR, Matsuda-ISI, and QUICKI indexes, Visceral Fat Adiposity (VFA), Body Fat, and preperitoneal fat thickness (PP), from 85 other children, was performed. Pearson and Spearman correlations were done. Cut points were calculated by ROC curve. Results: VAIPwas adjusted considering children <10 and ≥10 years of age, to avoid bias of puberty metabolic changes. BMI was adjusted by age. Significant moderate correlation was found between VAIPand HOMA-IR (r = 0.404, p = 0.001), Matsuda (r=- 0.470, p = 0.001), QUICKI (r= -0.406, p = 0.001), IMT (r = 0.571, p = 0.001), FMD (r = -0.381, p = 0.001), and a strong correlation was found between VAIp and VFA (r = 0.616, p = 0.001), Body Fat (r = 0.735, p = 0.001), and PP (r = 0.571, p = 0.001). A cut of point of 2 was considered at risk. Conclusions: Adjusted VAIPhas a strong correlation with adiposity and correlates with cardiovascular and metabolic distress. It could be a helpful tool for identifying children at risk for cardiometabolic diseases, and for the assessment of these children during treatment. ER  - 
Evaluation of the response to the oral glucose tolerance test (oGTT) in overweight and obese adolescents; Patients with overweight and obesity may have carbohydrate metabolism disturbances such as insulin resistance, hyperinsulinism, impaired fasting glucose, glucose intolerance and diabetes. These abnormalities can be evaluated with fasting glucose and insulin dosages or after oral glucose test. The aim of this study was to evaluated the response profile to oGTT in adolescents with overweight and obesity. Methods: retrospective study, a survey of medical records of 147 adolescents with overweight accompanied on an endocrinopediatrics ambulatory. The following data were collected at the time of the oGTT: chronological age (CA), gender, weight, and height to calculate body mass index (expresses as SDS - WHO, 2007), puberal stage. The test was carried out with 1.75 g/kg, po, glucose with serum glucose and insulin dosages in basal,30, 60, 90 and 120 minutes. Results: we evaluated 147 adolescents of both genders (54 boys and 129 girls), all in puberty, mean (SD) CA of 12.9 (2.2) years. These patients underwent a total of 183 oGTT. No patients had type2 diabetes. There were no differences between genders in relation to CA or BMI SDS, but boys had insulin sum at oGTT greater than girls (457.3 x 360, p = 0.043). We divided the patients into two groups according to the sum of insulin at oGTT (25 and 75 percentile). Patients at p75 of sum of insulin were younger than those at p25 (12.3 (2.2) x 13.4 (1.9), p < 0.05, respectively) and have higher BMI SDS. Fasting insulin levels were different in both groups, with higher values in p75 group, but with overlapping values (median 27 (22-35) x 11 (8-18), p < 0.05). Con- clusion: boys have insulin sum higher in oGTT than girls. Fasting insulin values may not reflect the insulin response to the stimulus of oral glucose challenge. ER  - 
Improved clinical and laboratory changes after 12 months of use of metformin in obese children and adolescents; Background: Childhood obesity is one of the most prevalent and challenging health care concerns. In this context, insulin resistance (IR) is an important disorder with strong association with metabolic (type 2 diabetes, hypercholesterolemia) and cardiovascular (hypertension, atherosclerosis) outcomes. Clinical trials have been showing Metformin as an effective drug on reducing the IR and body mass index (BMI). However, there's little data on use of metformin in children. Objective and Hypotheses: The aim of this study is to evaluate our experience on use of metformin in obese children and adolescents with IR, and determine the benefits in weight loss after 12 months of treatment. Other clinical and biochemical variables were described. Method: Retrospective study of 50 children and adolescents followed in the Pediatric Endocrinology Clinic ICR-FMUSP, due to obesity and IR, at baseline and after a year of use of metformin. Exclusion criteria: T2DM, Neurological disorders with or without mental impairments and use of other weight related medications. Clinical (age, gender, weight, height, waist circumference, BMI, pubertal stage) and biochemical (fasting glucose, insulin, lipid profile) data were analyzed. IR was measured by HOMA-IR. Results: Mean age 12.4 ± 2.2 (8-17 years), without gender predominance. At baseline and 12 months after metformin's introduction, statistical analyses of the studied variables were respectively: HOMA-IR: 4.7 ± 2.5, 3.56 ± 1.8 (p = 0.005); Fasting insulin 23 ± 9.5, 17.3 ± 9.1 (p < 0.001); BMI score Z 3.2 ± 0.67, 2.9 ± 0.58 (p < 0.001). There was a statistical improvement in fasting glycemia (p = 0.002) and cholesterol (p = 0.041). There were no significant differences in outcomes between others variables. Conclusion: Metformin increased insulin sensitivity, and provided a statistically significant, but very modest reduction in BMI. This poor alteration in BMI makes our results arguable. Further researches are needed to prove if there is a substantial clinical benefit on using metformin in children and adolescents. ER  - 
Hyperandrogenism in adolescent girls: Relationship with the somatotrophic axis; Objective: To investigate whether ovarian androgen secretion in young postmenarchal girls is related to the function of their somatotropic axis. Design: Cross-sectional study of adolescent girls. Patients: We studied non-obese adolescent girls with hyperandrogenism (HA; n = 21) that were matched with control girls (C; n = 25) for chronological age, age at menarche and body mass index. Methods: We obtained a fasting blood sample for the measurement of serum glucose, insulin, 17-hydroxyprogesterone, dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate, androstenedione, SHBG, total testosterone, IGF-I, IGF-II, IGFBP-I, IGFBP-III Ghrelin, leptin, AMH, LH and FSH during the follicular phase of the menstrual period. In addition, we performed an OGTT to determine blood glucose, ghrelin and insulin levels, and we collected urine samples to measure urinary GH levels. Results: As expected, the hyperandrogenic girls had higher Ferriman scores (13±4 in HA vs. 1±2 in C p = 0.001) and basal total testosterone (nmol/l) (2.4±0.7 in HA vs. 1.0±0.3 in C, p < 0.001), FAI (FAI 9.2±5.7 in HA vs. 2.4±1.3 in C, p < 0.001), androstenedione (nmol/l) (12.9±4.5 in HA vs. 8.7±2.8 in C, p < 0.001), AMH (nmol/l) (44.0±24.1 in HA vs. 27.7±14.2 in C, p = 0.005), and basal LH levelsmUI/ml) (9.6±7.2 in HA vs. 4.3±3.4 in C, p = 0.001) compared with controls. Serum IGF-I, IGF-II, IGFBP-III and urinary GH did not differ between HA and C. There was a correlation between urinary GH and FAI in the whole group of girls (r 0.29, p < 0.05). In addition, in HA girls FAI correlated with insulin, HOMA and ghrelin. Discussion: We observed a correlation between urinary GH and FAI in the hyperandrogenic and control girls, suggesting that the function of the somatotrophic axis may influence the secretion of androgens in adolescent girls. ER  - 
Neck circumference cutoff values in Mexican overweight and obese children by gender and tanner stage; Background: At present, appropriate anthropometric measures and cut-off points to identify children with elevated cardiometabolic risk factors are not well established. The most widely used to predict cardiovascular and metabolic risk is the body mass index (BMI) and waist to height ratio (WHtR), and both have its limitations. Upper body subcutaneous fat (USBF) is suggested that plays a role in cardio-metabolic risk, and is estimated by neck circumference (NC). Aim of the Study: The aim of this study is to determine cutoff values for NC in children with overweight and obesity to behave as diagnostic tool for predicting cardio-metabolic risk in Mexican children compared with other anthropometric measures. Methods: Anthropometric measurements were performed and biochemical profiles determined in a cross-sectional study that included 499 children and adolescents, aged 6-16 years. Demographic, clinical, anthropometric and biochemical data were collected from all patients. The International Diabetes Federation criteria were used to determinate metabolic syndrome (MetS). Multiple linear regression analysis was applied and determined by receiver operating characteristic (ROC) analyses the optimal cutoff for NC compared with other anthropometric measurements. Results: We found a NC cutoff of 30.65 cm (p = 0.006) in prepubertal, 33.75 cm (p = 0.0001) in pubertal stage 2-3 and 37.84 cm (p = 0.001) pubertal stage 4-5 boys. In Girls the NC cutoff was 29.95 cm (p = 0.006) in prepubertal girls, 31.60 cm (p = 0.066) in pubertal stage 2-3 and 34.95 cm (p = 0.0001). Conclusions: We determine that NC sensibility is similar to waist circumference and WHtR in prepubertal girls and boys. NC is similar to determinate MetS compared with other anthropometric measurements. ER  - 
Insulin sensitivity in girls with central precocious puberty at diagnosis and at 6 months of GnRH analogue treatment; Background: Puberty is associated with a physiological decline in insulin sensitivity. Overweight and obesity are common among girls with Central Precocious Puberty (CPP). CPP and early menarche have been considered as risk factors for obesity and cardiovascular diseases during adulthood. Besides, concern has been raised by the potential impact of GnRH analogues (GnRH-a) treatment on body weight and metabolic profile. Objective and Hypotheses: To evaluate BMI and metabolic parameters in CPP girls at diagnosis and during GnRHa treatment. Method: We performed a cross sectional and prospective longitudinal study of 15 CPP girls at diagnosis and at 6 months on GnRHa therapy with an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). Glucose and insulin levels were measured at 0, 30, 60, 90 and 120 minutes. Fasting lipid profile was also evaluated. Surrogates indices for fasting (SFI) insulin resistance (IR) [HOMA-IR, G/I, QUICKI] were calculated and evaluated according to own local cutoff. Matsuda Index was calculated from OGTT. Results: At baseline median chronological age was 7.8 years (5.7-8.5). All girls were on Tanner stage 3. Eight patients had normal weight, whereas 7 were overweight (OW) or obese (Ob). No significant change in BMI was observed between baseline and on treatment. Six patients had at least 2 impaired indices for insulin sensitivity (three of them had normal weight) and 2 patients only one. During OGTT 5 patients with OW or Ob showed hyperinsulinemia. Few patients had dyslipidemia. Matsuda index was low in 3 patients at diagnosis. There were not significant changes in SFI and during OGTT between diagnosis and on GnRHa treatment. Conclusion: Our cohort of CPP girls showed a high frequency of OW and Ob as well as high frequency of IR. BMI and metabolic profile did not show changes at six month of GnRHa treatment. Further studies will be necessary to determine long term metabolic risk in these patients. ER  - 
The human factor associated to the use of a blood glucose meter with a built-in bolus calculator in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes in real life; All our patients with type 1 diabetes (T1D) are trained in multiple daily insulin injections and carbohydrate count. In order to help with insulin dosage, our hospital provides a blood glucose (BG) meter with a built-in bolus calculator (BC) (FreeStyle Insu- Linx, Abbott) to all affiliates since 2014. Our aim is to evaluate the human factor associated to the use of this technology in real life, among subjects who did not choose to have this meter and are not being paid in a study to use the devise. We review the medical records and meter downloads of 84 children with T1D. Only 42% used the bolus calculator properly calculating insulin doses for every meal. Results are shown in the table. Those who do not use the BC were older at DM onset 8.4±2.7 v/s 9.5±3.3 years p < 0.05, had diabetes for a longer period 5.6±3.6 v/s 4.3±3.0 years p < 0.05 and had more pubertal subjects 71% v/s 94% p < 0.05. We found no differences in gender. The use of a meter with a BC takes 30 to 40 seconds longer than a regular meter since it is necessary to enter the amount of carbohydrates and to accept or modify the dose proposed by the software; 58% of our patients are not available to spend this extra time or to check their blood glucose at least 3 times per day. Subjects who do not use the BC show a worse metabolic control and are different in many aspects. Human factors as mental health disorders (depression and anxiety), older age during adolescence and longer duration of the chronic disease seem to impair the adoption of this technology. In real life 42% of children and adolescents with T1D seem to benefit from a meter with a BC. (Table Presented). ER  - 
Serum soluble lectin-like oxidized low-density lipoprotein receptor-1 levels in patients with restless legs syndrome; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to assess the predisposition for atherosclerosis in patients with RLS through serum sLOX-1 (serum Lectin-Like Oxidized Low-Density Lipoprotein Receptor-1) measurements. BACKGROUND: Recent epidemiological studies have suggested an association of RLS with certain chronic conditions such as diabetes mellitus (DM), obesity, hypertension (HT), and hyperlipidemia. LOX-1 is expressed in endothelial cells, macrophages, and in smooth muscle cells under the effect of proatherogenic conditions. METHODS: This study was a prospective, cross-sectional, case-controlled. We measured the serum sLOX-1 levels in 37 restless legs syndrome patients and 38 controls. RESULTS: Serum sLOX-1 level was significantly lower in the patient group. The two groups were similar in glucose, HbA1c, creatinine, LDL cholesterol, TG, HDL, total protein, albumin, AST, ALT, GGT, ALP, HGB, HCT, MCV, transferrin saturation rate (TSR), ferritin, CRP, TSH, FT4, FT3, B12, and folic acid levels. Also the two groups were similar with respect to age at menarche, number of previous births, number of abortions and/or curettage, total duration of breastfeeding, percentage of patients in menopause, and age at menopause. CONCLUSION: Our results may suggest a lower atherosclerotic risk among RLS patients as compared to the general population (Tab. 3, Ref. 33). ER  - 
A patient with double male syndrome; Introduction: XXYY syndrome is a sex chromosome aneuploidy (SCA) with a reported incidence between 1:18.000 and 1:40.000. It was originally described as the 'double male' (1960). Probably, most 48, XXYY cases result from an aneuploid sperm produced through two consecutive nondisjunctions (in meiosis I and II) in a chromosomally normal boy. Only a small percentage of 48, XXYY are caused by mitotic nondisjunction during the early stages of a 46, XY zygote.1 48, XXYY syndrome is often characterized as a variant of 47, XXY due to the shared physical and endocrinological phenotype (eunuchoid habitus, microorchidism, hypergonadotropic hypogonadism, infertility).2,3 However, distinctive features are highlighted in the following case. Case: Mr VL (25 years) consulted the endocrinologist after referral by the sexologist. He presented himself with an uncontrollable sexual desire, resulting in high-risk sexual behaviour and eventually hiv (2015). He was born after a 36-week gestation. In the neonatal period, VL had heart rhythm disorders. He is known with asthma, hay fever, autism and borderline intelligence (IQ 63). Family history includes reumatoid artritis. Because of temper tantrums, tics and borderline intelligence he attended special education. Presently, he works in a candy factory. He smokes (4 packyears). In the past his mother consulted the endocrinologist, worrying about her son's (14 yrs) slow pubertal development. Clinical examination revealed tanner stage I (A1P1G1). Constitutional pubertal delay was hypothesized. A new evaluation was advised if the problem persisted but, until referral, never undertaken. Clinical examination showed a tall, but slender stature (58 kg, 185 cm, BMI 17.5 kg/m2), a narrow face with prominent brow, jaw and ears. There was no gynaecomastia. Body hair was normal. Genital examination showed a normal penis, but small and soft testes (5 cc) with a left-sided hydrocele, confirmed by ultrasound. Biochemical evaluation (8.00 AM) showed high gonadotropins (LH 44.6 IU/L [1.7-8.6], FSH 91.7 IU/L [1.5-12.4]), and normal testosteron (Total 5.70 μg/L [2.8-9.9], Free 69.6 ng/L [60-250]). Karyotyping indicated all cells to be 48, XXYY. Discussion: When comparing 48, XXYY and 47, XXY males some clinical differences are found. Men with 48, XXYY are usually taller, have more facial dysmorphism and congenital malformations. Described facial features are: narrow face with epicanthic folds, upslanting palpebral fissures, full lips, hypertelorism, prominent nasal bridge and prognathism. Skeletal malformations present as scoliosis, clinodactyly, hypotonia with genu valgum, pes planus and cubitus varus. Common medical problems include allergies and asthma (>50%), congenital heart defects (19.4%), radioulnar synostosis (17.2%), inguinal hernia or cryptorchidism (16.1%), seizures (15%), deep venous trombosis (18.2%), intention tremor (71%) and diabetes type 2 (18.2%), retinal dysfunction, hypothyroidism, renal anomalies and dental disorders. Furthermore, the extra Y chromosome results in more severe cognitive and behavioural problems. IQs range from 60-80, but can be up to 111. Visual-spatial skills are stronger than verbal abilities, as in all SCA. Neurodevelopmental and psychiatric symptoms include hyperactivity, attention problems, impulsivity, aggression, mood instability, tics and autism. Developmental and behavioural problems are the primary indication for karyotyping.2,3 The presentation of this patient is unique, as hypersexuality has only been described in two cases. However, a higher frequency of voyeurism and hypersexuality was found in 47, XXY males compared to 46, XY males.4 One can expect that 48, XXYY males have more paraphilias and hypersexuality, accompanying the more severe cognitive and behavioural disorders. Conclusion: Although 48, XXYY and 47, XXY are often regarded as similar disorders, they should be considered as separate genetic and clinical entities. Ascertainment of 48, XXYY cases is important to provide medical and psychological screening and intervention as medical problems are common and can be severe. Future research should include evaluation of sexual behaviour and the effect of testosterone therapy on this behaviour. ER  - 
Immulite 2000 IgF-I assay restandardization to 1st who is for insulin-like growth factor-I, NIBSC code 02/254∗; Background: The IMMULITE® 2000 IGF-I assay from Siemens Healthcare is a solid-phase, enzyme-labeled, chemiluminescent immunometric method for in vitro diagnostic use with the IMMULITE 2000 Systems Analyzers - for the quantitative measurement of insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) in serum or heparinized plasma, as an aid in the evaluation of growth disorders. The IMMULITE 2000 IGF-I assay has been restandardized to the 1st WHO International Standard for IGF-I, NIBSC code 02/254, with full performance verification studies carried out to demonstrate its appropriate analytical performance. Methods: Alignment of the restandardized IMMULITE 2000 IGF-I assay to the WHO standard was demonstrated by accurate recovery of various gravimetrically prepared WHO 1st IS 02/254 spiking solutions in native patient samples. A method comparison of 164 native patient sera with IGF-I concentrations ranging from 23.0 to 900.0 ng/mL was conducted between the restandardized IMMULITE 2000 IGF-I assay and the IDS-iSYS IGF-I assay (which claims alignment to WHO 1st IS 02/254). Reference intervals are presented for N = 1321 individuals aged 29 days to 90 years. The data is stratified by age and gender per the recommendations for normative data made in the Consensus Statement on the Standardization and Evaluation of Growth Hormone and Insulin-like Growth Factor Assays (Clemmons, 2011). Gender-specific reference intervals are also presented for Tanner Stages 1 to 5. Repeatability and within lab precision was determined per CLSI EP-5A3. Six patient serum pools were assayed in duplicate in two runs per day over 20 days. Additional performance studies included diagnostic sensitivity (CLSI EP17-A2), linearity (CLSI EP6-A) and cross-reactivity (CLSI EP7-A2). Results: Mean recovery of the WHO 1st IS 02/254 spiking solutions was 3%, with individual sample recoveries ranging from -1 to 9%.The Passing-Bablok linear regression slope is 0.84 (95% confidence interval 0.83 to 0.86) and intercept 1.9 ng/mL (95% confidence interval -2.3 to 5.1 ng/mL). The restandardized IMMULITE 2000 IGF-I assay shows acceptable repeatability and within-lab precision. Samples at 60 ng/mL IGF-1 were seen to have repeatability of 7% CV or better and within-lab precision less than 8% CV. Samples with dose recoveries of 100 ng/mL or greater show repeatability %CV less than 5% and within-lab precision less than 6%. The restandardized IMMULITE 2000 assay demonstrated an LOD of ≤15 ng/mL and an LOQ of ≤25 ng/mL. Linearity studies demonstrate that the assay is linear across the measuring interval from the limit of detection to 1000 ng/mL. The restandardized assay shows no significant interference from hemolysis, lipemia, or icterus and less than 1% cross-reactivity to IGF-II, insulin, proinsulin, TSH, and LH. Lot-to-lot variability estimated by method comparison studies showed less than 3% variation between three unique verification reagent lots. Conclusion: The restandardized IMMULITE 2000 IGF-I assay is closely aligned to the WHO 1st IS 02/254 and compares well with the IDS-iSYS IGF-I assay. The restandardized IMMULITE 2000 IGF-I assay also demonstrates appropriate precision and sensitivity, is linear and shows no significant interference in the presence of hemolysis, lipemia, or icterus. ∗Disclaimer: Product availability may vary from country to country and is subject to varying regulatory requirements. ER  - 
Asymptomatic metabolic syndrome in urban Indian women aged 40 years and above; Context: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) in Indian women has increased significantly. Metabolic syndrome has an overall negative impact on cardiovascular health and mortality and has a worse prognosis in women. Studying the presence of asymptomatic metabolic syndrome is important to modify future risks before menopause. Objective: To determine the prevalence of asymptomatic metabolic syndrome in women aged 40 yrs and above and to study the possible risk factors. Methods: Women who presented voluntarily for screening from 01 September 2015 to 01 April 2016 to Jehangir Hospital, Pune, India were included. Those with history of diabetes, hypertension, dyslipidemia or a cardiac event were excluded. A detailed history was taken and a thorough clinical examination was performed. Fasting and postprandial sugars and lipid profile was done and data evaluated. Results: 98 women were enrolled. There were a similar number of pre-and postmenopausal women. The mean age of menopause was 46.9 years. Majority of the women were overweight (53.1%). The prevalence of metabolic syndrome was 34.5% and this was significantly higher in those who had attained menarche after 14 years (p=0.001). Menopause did not make a significant difference to the prevalence of metabolic syndrome (p=0.26). More than half the women in the 40-44 (62.5%) and 45% of the women in the 45-49 age group had metabolic syndrome. There was a higher incidence of metabolic syndrome among women with menopausal symptoms. However this did not achieve statistical significance (p=0.56). Conclusions: This study highlights that there is a higher risk for women to develop metabolic syndrome in the perimenopause. Women should be screened, so that lifestyle modification can be advocated to reduce morbidity. ER  - 
What are we learning from InterLACE?; Context: The timing of reproductive markers across life is associated with a range of health outcomes in women, but relatively little is known about the correlation between these markers and their variability. The International collaboration for a Life course Approach to reproductive health and Chronic disease Events (InterLACE) has obtained participant level pooled data on reproductive markers and chronic diseases (markers of cardio-metabolic conditions) from 20 cross-sectional and longitudinal observational studies in nine countries. Objective: We shall present some preliminary results on the variability of reproductive markers (e.g. age of menarche, age at first birth, age at menopause) and how they correlate. We shall also outline the methods needed to address challenges posed by InterLACE, the lessons learnt, and the broader recommendations for future studies on women's health. Methods: Variables were harmonised across the InterLACE studies to create a new and systematic synthesis of life course data for over 220 000 women. Main outcome measure: Harmonised individual level data were derived for three domains: 1) socio-demographic and lifestylefactors, 2) female reproductive markers, and 3) chronic disease outcomes (cardiovascular disease (CVD) and diabetes). Results: The study identifies relationships between age at menarche, age at first birth, number of children, and age at menopause, including the effects of ethnicity and sociodemographic factors. It also finds associations between these markers and key chronic disease outcomes. Conclusions: The scale and heterogeneity of InterLACE data provide clear evidence concerning the relationships between reproductive markers through life and subsequent risks of chronic disease, including cross-cultural comparisons, that can improve the targeting and timing of preventive health strategies for women. ER  - 
CVD and Turner syndrome women: What are the risks and when and how to screen; Treatment with growth hormone (GH) during childhood and adolescence allows a considerable gain in adult height. SHOX deficiency explains some of the phenotypic characteristics in Turner syndrome, principally short stature. Puberty has to be induced in most cases, and female sex hormone replacement therapy should continue during adult years. These issues are normally dealt with by the paediatrician, but once a TS female enters adulthood it is less clear who should be the primary care giver. Morbidity and mortality is increased, especially due to the risk of dissection of the aorta and other cardiovascular diseases, as well as the risk of type 2 diabetes, hypertension, osteoporosis, thyroid disease and other diseases. The proper dose of hormone replacement therapy (HRT) with female sex steroids has not been established, and, likewise, benefits and/or drawbacks from HRT have not been thoroughly evaluated. In most countries it seems that the transition period from paediatric to adult care is especially vulnerable and the proper framework for transition has not been established. Likewise, no framework is in place for continuous follow-up during adult years in many countries. Today, most treatment recommendations are based on expert opinion and are unfortunately not evidence based, although more areas, such as GH treatment for increasing height, are well founded. During the transition period many young females opt out of longitudinal follow-up, probably because they feel well and cannot clearly see the need for continued medical surveillance. However, osteoporosis, diabetes, both type 1 and 2, hypothyroidism, obesity and a host of other endocrinological diseases and conditions are seen more frequently in Turner syndrome in the long term. Prevention, intervention and proper treatment are only just being recognized. Hypertension is frequent and can be a forerunner of cardiovascular disease. The description of adult life with Turner syndrome has been broadened and medical, social and psychological aspects are being added at a compelling pace. Proper care during adulthood should be studied and a framework for care should be in place, since most morbidity potentially is amenable to intervention. In summary, Turner syndrome is a condition associated with a number of diseases and conditions which need the attention of a multi-disciplinary team during adulthood. ER  - 
Exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with earlier pubertal timing in the offspring: The epoch study; Understanding how fetal environment influences puberty and growth is important. We tested the hypothesis that youth exposed to GDM will have earlier pubertal timing compared to those unexposed, using data from the Exploring Perinatal Outcomes in Children (EPOCH) study, a historical prospective cohort in Colorado. Data from 63 exposed and 232 unexposed offspring followed up to age 19 years, 46% non-Hispanic white, 46% girls were used. Maternal GDM and pre-pregnancy BMI were collected from electronic health records. Offspring heights and weights from birth to current age were obtained from pediatric well-child visits. Other covariates were collected during research visits. Height measurements (range 4-52 per participant) were used to model age at peak height velocity (APHV), a measure of pubertal timing, using the SuperImposition by Translation And Rotation (SITAR) method. Time to event analysis estimated whether exposure to GDM was associated with an increased risk of earlier pubertal timing, defined by APHV. Estimated mean (SD) APHV for exposed and unexposed girls and boys were 11.13 (0.74) y and 11.18 (1.16) y and 12.89 (1.11) y and 13.12 (1.10) y, respectively. Compared to unexposed children, those exposed to GDM had a 45% higher risk of early puberty (HR=1.45, p<0.02), independent of mother's pre-pregnancy BMI, education at child's birth, child's race/ethnicity and sex. This association was similar in boys and girls. Independent of GDM exposure, boys had a lower risk for early puberty compared to females (HR= 0.17, p<0.001) and Hispanics had an increased risk compared to non-Hispanic whites (HR= 1.41, p<0.01). In conclusion, our findings provide novel evidence that exposure to GDM is associated with earlier pubertal timing. Whether earlier puberty mediates, in part, the association between maternal GDM and markers of childhood obesity, previously reported by EPOCH, remains to be studied. ER  - 
Pediatric diabetic retinopathy is extremely rare amongst type 1 diabetes exchange registry participants; The primary purpose of regular eye exams in type 1 diabetes (T1D) is to provide for early detection and treatment of diabetic retinopathy (DR). Guidelines in youth with T1D suggest annual eye exams at the start of puberty or at age ≥ 10 years, whichever is earlier, once the youth has had diabetes for 3-5 years. These guidelines are based, in part, on data acquired prior to the wide spread use of intensive treatment, which has been shown to reduce/ delay the development and progression of early DR. This study examined how often treatable DR was reported in youth with T1D enrolled in the TID Exchange Clinic Registry. Information about treatment for DR was collected by participant questionnaire which included the following: “Have you ever received treatment for diabetic retinopathy (change in the retina of the eye due to diabetes), such as with laser, injections into or around the eye or vitrectomy surgery?” The T1D Exchange database included 12,286 youth with T1D who were <21 years of age, had T1D for ≥3 years and were not pregnant. Of these, only 35 participants (0.28%) reported being treated for DR (mean age 14.3±3.5). Within the cohort, 48% of patients adhered to ADA guidelines for having an eye exam, while 32% never had an eye exam. Among the 20% with an exam outside ADA guidelines, 25% had an exam between 1 and 2 yrs ago, and 9% had an exam >2 yrs ago. The very low frequency of treated DR in youth with T1D indicates the need to re-examine current guidelines related to the onset and frequency of screening exams for retinopathy. The negligible yield of identifying treatable lesions compared with the financial burden of annual eye exams on families and the health care system indicate that the current guidelines may not be cost-effective. ER  - 
Sex differences in insulin sensitivity in youth without diabetes exist, but have no relationship with muscle mitochondrial function; Type 2 diabetes is increasingly prevalent in youth, more common in adolescent females and forecasts early morbidity and mortality. Decreased insulin sensitivity (IS) is associated with muscle mitochondrial dysfunction in individuals with type 2 diabetes or prediabetes. However, it is not known if this relationship exists in youth without diabetes or if there is a difference between sexes in adolescence. We studied 207 healthy youth from various Colorado cohorts: 101 males (age 17.1 years, BMI-Z 0.38, 68% Tanner 5) and 106 females (age 17.3 years, BMI-Z 0.5, 76% Tanner 5). IS was assessed with TG:HDL ratio and oral glucose tolerance test Matsuda index. Post-exercise muscle mitochondrial function was assessed by 31-P MR spectroscopy during near maximal isometric calf exercise and summarized as the ADP time constant and rate of oxidative phosphorylation (Oxphos). Data are expressed as median (25%ile, 75%ile). Compared to males, females had slower Oxphos [0.14 (0.08, 0.20) vs. 0.12 (0.06, 0.17) seconds, p=0.04], higher TG:HDL ratio [1.77 (1.29, 2.7) vs. 1.53 (0.96, 2.0), p=0.007] and lower Matsuda score [3.7 (2.5, 5.1) vs. 5.42 (3.4, 7.6), p<0.001]. Yet when adjusted for BMI-Z score and/ or Tanner stage, only the Matsuda score remained significantly different between the sexes. Further, there was no relationship between any measure of IS and mitochondrial function in the entire cohort or within either sex, with or without adjustment for BMI-Z or pubertal stage. In summary, healthy female adolescents have decreased IS regardless of BMI-Z score compared to males, but do not have decreased post-exercise mitochondrial function. Further, clinical measures of IS do not relate to muscle mitochondrial function across a large cohort of healthy youth. Mitochondrial function per se does not appear to be related to early abnormalities in IS and instead IS may be related to factors such as activity, diet and adiposity which may lead to vascular and mitochondrial dysfunctions. ER  - 
Age at menarche and type 1 diabetes (T1D) microvascular complications; It has been reported that T1D nephropathy and retinopathy risk is greater in those with a pre-menarche T1D onset and a delayed menarche regardless of diabetes duration. We examined the relationship between age at menarche and microvascular complication incidence in a prospective childhoodonset T1D cohort. We also evaluated if age at menarche relative to the age of diabetes onset (AON) modified any relationship. Age at menarche was selfreported at baseline (1986-88; n=324; mean age 28; diabetes duration 19; AON 8.6 yrs). Overt nephropathy (ON, albumin excretion rate >200 μg/min in 2 out of 3 specimens) and proliferative diabetic retinopathy (PDR, stereo fundus photographs graded using the Airlie House System) were assessed over 25 yrs of follow-up. Cox proportional hazard models with diabetes duration as the time axis were used to assess associations between age at menarche and both complication incidence and cumulative incidence. Mean age at menarche among 315 who had reached menarche by baseline was 13 years. Eight percent experienced menarche > 1 year before diabetes onset (group A), 14% within ± 1 year of diabetes onset (group B), and 78% had menarche >1 year after diabetes onset (group C). The incidence of ON was 12% and of PDR 38%; the cumulative incidences were 37% and 69%, respectively. Age at menarche did not predict ON incidence but it independently predicted ON cumulative incidence (HR=1.12, 95% CI=1.01-1.25). A significant interaction by the menarchal groups was observed for incident PDR (p=0.03): menarcheal age predicted PDR in Groups A and B (both HRs=0.61, p<0.05), but not in Group C (p=0.55). A borderline significant interaction by the menarchal groups was also observed for PDR cumulative incidence (p=0.08): age at menarche predicted PDR in Group A (HR=0.66, 95% CI=0.44-1.00), but not in Groups B and C (all p>0.05). This study extends the data suggesting that the age and timing of menarche in relation to diabetes onset may play an important role in the development of microvascular complications in women with T1D. ER  - 
Association of glycemic control, body mass index, and race with age at menarche in girls with type 1 diabetes: Search for diabetes in youth; Delayed age at menarche (AAM) in girls with type 1 diabetes (T1D) has been reported, yet its predictors remain elusive. Data from 401 girls (mean age 9.59 ± 2.69 yrs) diagnosed with T1D from 2002-2005 (T1D duration 9.75 ± 6.13 months) with a baseline visit prior to menarche and ≥1 follow-up visits, were used to examine the impact of baseline glycemic control (mean A1c 7.76 ± 1.36%), BMIz (mean 18.54 ± 3.41) and race (78% non-Hispanic white) on AAM. The unadjusted mean AAM for girls with poorly controlled T1D (A1c≥9.9%, n=28) was 12.9±2.1 yrs. There was a borderline difference (p=0.0435) between the AAM of this group and AAM of 12.4±1.4 yrs of optimally (A1c<7.5%, n=198) and AAM of 12.2±1.3 yrs of intermediately controlled (7.5%≤A1c<9.9%, n=174) groups. The Figure shows the scatter plot of A1c vs. AAM. Significant negative correlation between BMIz and AAM was shown (p<0.001). There was no significant difference in AAM by race. Multiple linear regression models were fitted to examine the impact of A1c, BMIz and race on AAM. A1c when adjusted for socioeconomic status, BMIz and T1D duration had significant linear and non-linear association with AAM (p<0.001). BMIz had significant independent effect on AAM (β=-0.55; p<0.0001). Race was not significantly associated with AAM. In conclusion, glycemic control and BMIz have independent opposite effects on AAM in girls with T1D. (Figure Presented). ER  - 
Multidisciplinary care of obese children and adolescents for one year reduces ectopic fat content in liver and skeletal muscle; Background: Ectopic fat deposition in liver and skeletal muscle tissue is related to cardiovascular disease risk and is a common metabolic complication in obese children. We evaluated the hypotheses of ectopic fat in these organs could be diminished following 1 year of multidisciplinary care specialized in childhood obesity, and whether this reduction would associate with changes in other markers of metabolic function. Methods: This observational longitudinal study evaluated 40 overweight children and adolescents enrolled in a multidisciplinary treatment protocol at the Children's Obesity Clinic, Holbæk, Denmark. The participants were assessed by anthropometry, fasting blood samples (HbA1c, glucose, insulin, lipids, and biochemical variables of liver function), and liver and muscle fat content assessed by magnetic resonance spectroscopy at enrollment and following an average of 12.2 months of care. Univariate linear regression models adjusted for age, sex, treatment duration, baseline degree of obesity, and pubertal developmental stage were used for investigating possible associations. Results: The standard deviation score (SDS) of baseline median body mass index (BMI) was 2.80 (range: 1.49-3.85) and the median age was 14 years (10-17). At the end of the observational period, the 40 children and adolescents (21 girls) significantly decreased their BMI SDS, liver fat, muscle fat, and visceral adipose tissue volume. The prevalence of hepatic steatosis changed from 28 to 20 % (p = 0.26) and the prevalence of muscular steatosis decreased from 75 to 45 % (p = 0.007). Changes in liver and muscle fat were independent of changes in BMI SDS, baseline degree of obesity, duration of treatment, age, sex, and pubertal developmental stage. Conclusions: A 1-year multidisciplinary intervention program in the setting of a childhood obesity outpatient clinic confers a biologically important reduction in liver and muscle fat; metabolic improvements that are independent of the magnitude of concurrent weight loss. ER  - 
Cumulative effect of reproductive factors on ideal cardiovascular health in postmenopausal women: A cross-sectional study in central south China; Background: The American Heart Association developed the Life's Simple 7 metric for defining cardiovascular health. Little is known, however, whether co-occurring reproductive factors, which affects endogenous oestrogen levels during a woman's life, also influences ideal cardiovascular health in postmenopausal women. Methods: Using data on a cross-sectional study with a convenience sample of 1,625 postmenopausal women (median age, 60.0 years) in a medical health checkup program at a general hospital in central south China 2013-2014, we examined the association between cumulative reproductive risk and ideal cardiovascular health in postmenopausal women. A cumulative risk score (range 0 to 4) was created by summing four reproductive risk factors (age at menarche, age at menopause, number of children, and pregnancy losses) present in each individual from binary variables in which 0 stands for favorable and 1 for less-than-favorable level. Ideal levels for each component in Life's Simple 7 (blood pressure, cholesterol, glucose, BMI, smoking, physical activity, and diet) were used to create an ideal Life's Simple 7 score [0-1 (low), 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6-7 (high)]. Results: Participants with earlier age at menarche (odds ratio [OR] =0.42 [95 % CI 0.26-0.48]), earlier age at menopause [0.46 (0.32-0.58)], who have more than three children (0.42 [0.38-0.56]) and have history of pregnancy losses [0.76 (0.66-0.92)] were more likely to attain low (0-1) ideal Life's Simple 7 after adjustment for age. Participants were more likely to attain low (0-1) ideal Life's Simple 7 as exposure to the number of reproductive risk factors increased [OR (95 % CI) of 0.52 (0.42-0.66), 0.22 (0.16-0.26), and 0.16 (0.12-0.22) for cumulative reproductive risk scores of 1, 2, and 3 or 4, respectively, each versus 0]. Conclusions: The postmenopausal Chinese women with an increasing number of reproductive risk factors were progressively less likely to attain ideal levels of cardiovascular health factors. ER  - 
The shape of the plasma glucose curve during an oral glucose tolerance test as an indicator of beta cell function and insulin sensitivity in end-pubertal obese girls; Abstract It is hypothesized that the shape of the glucose curve during an oral glucose tolerance test is an early indicator of the risk for developing type 2 diabetes mellitus. In this study, we aimed to examine the shape of plasma glucose response curves and study their relationship with insulin sensitivity, insulin secretion and components of the metabolic syndrome in end-pubertal obese girls. Eighty-one end-pubertal obese girls [median (range) age: 14.4 (11.2-18.0) years; BMI: 34.6 (25.4-50.8) kg/m2] who underwent a 2-h oral glucose tolerance test were classified according to the shape of the glucose curve. Four shape types of the plasma glucose response curve were observed: 28 (34.6%) monophasic, 30 (37.0%) biphasic, 14 (17.3%) triphasic, and 9 (11.1%) unclassified. Patients with a monophasic shape had a higher area under the curve for glucose (p=0.008), a lower early-phase insulin secretion (p=0.005), and a poorer beta cell function relative to insulin sensitivity as reflected by the oral disposition index (p=0.022) compared to the bi- and triphasic shape types. In addition, the triglyceride level and TG/HDL-C ratio was higher in patients with a monophasic shape compared to those with a biphasic shape (p=0.040 and p=0.048, respectively). In conclusion, end-pubertal obese girls with a monophasic plasma glucose curve are at increased risk for insulin resistance, which can contribute to the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular diseases. ER  - 
Low Vitamin D is associated with hypertension in paediatric obesity; Aim The aim of this paper was to investigate the relationship between circulating 25-hydroxyVitamin D (25(OH)D) and cardio-metabolic risk factors in a large cohort of obese youth attending tertiary paediatric obesity services. Methods We conducted a retrospective cross-sectional study. Data were retrospectively collected from all new consultations of children and adolescents attending obesity outpatient clinics between 2008 and 2011 at the two major paediatric hospitals in Melbourne, Australia. Information collected included demographics, anthropometry, blood pressure, pubertal staging, body composition and fasting serum levels of 25(OH)D, glucose, insulin, cholesterol, triglyceride, high-density lipoprotein, liver function, calcium and phosphate. Results 25(OH)D data were available in 229 patients (age 3-18 years; 116 men; mean (standard deviation) body mass index (BMI) Z-score 2.5 (0.5)). One hundred four (45%) participants were 25(OH)D deficient (<50 nmol/L). Lower serum 25(OH)D levels were associated with higher BMI Z-score (P-trend = 0.001), total fat mass (P-trend = 0.009), systolic (P-trend = 0.03) and diastolic blood pressures(P-trend = 0.009). In multivariable-adjusted regression analysis, 25(OH)D was significantly lower in those with elevated blood pressure after adjustment for BMI(P-trend = 0.004) or total fat mass (P-trend = 0.01). Conclusion Overweight and obese youth attending specialist obesity services have a high prevalence of Vitamin D deficiency. In this population, lower levels of Vitamin D were seen in those with greater adiposity, and independent of this, in those who had higher blood pressure. ER  - 
Association between duration of reproductive lifespan and Framingham risk score in postmenopausal women; Context The benefit of estrogen therapy in postmenopausal women is still uncertain. Based upon extensive observational data, it was believed that estrogen was cardioprotective. The relationship between the period of exposure to endogenous estrogens and the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) has not been studied in Korean women. Objective To assess associations between reproductive lifespan and CVD by using the Framingham risk score (FRS) in postmenopausal Korean women. Design and setting This cross-sectional, population-based study used data from the Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (KNHANES) for the five years 2008-2012,after adjustment for relevant variables using complex sample analysis and data weighting. Participants Among 25,534 women, 1973 women were enrolled, after excluding those <20 or >80 years of age (n = 6194), those with diabetes, CVD or cancer (n = 491), those with unrecorded physical measurements (n = 7335), those with menarche age ≤8 years or ≥20 years (n = 6194), and premenopausal women (n = 3347). Results The FRS tended to show a significant negative correlation with the reproductive lifespan (p < 0.001). In multiple linear regression analysis, a negative correlation was observed between the reproductive lifespan and FRS (adjusted relative risk [RR] for <28 reproductive years [shortest lifespan group] compared with 28-33 reproductive years [moderate lifespan group], 1.2, p < 0.001 and adjusted RR for >33 reproductive years [longest lifespan group] compared with 28-33 reproductive years [moderate lifespan group], -0.42, p = 0.011). Conclusion A longer reproductive lifespan is associated with a lower estimated risk of CVD in the next 10 years in postmenopausal women. This result suggests that estrogen has a long-term protective effect against CVD. ER  - 
Alcohol Consumption and Risk of Breast Cancer by Tumor Receptor Expression; In epidemiologic studies, alcohol consumption appears more strongly associated with risk of estrogen receptor (ER)-positive than ER-negative breast cancer. However, this association has not been assessed by other potentially relevant tumor markers, such as androgen receptor (AR) or insulin receptor (IR). In the prospective Nurses’ Health Study cohort, we evaluated alcohol consumption and breast cancer risk by individual tumor marker expression (i.e., ER, progesterone receptor [PR], AR, and IR) while controlling for other markers and also assessed the joint effect of these receptors. During 26 years follow-up of 106,037 women, 2552 invasive breast cancers contributed to the analysis. When all four markers were considered simultaneously, no significant heterogeneity of the alcohol and breast cancer association was observed by any of the markers. However, each increment in one drink per day was associated with 10 % (95 % confidence interval [CI] = 4 %, 15 %) and 9 % (95 % CI = 4 %, 15 %) increased risk of AR-positive and ER-positive breast cancer, respectively, while no increased risk was observed among AR-negative or ER-negative tumors. The association was independent of PR and IR expression. Assessment of the joint expression of hormone receptors revealed a significantly increased risk among AR+/ER+/PR+ (hazard ratio [HR] per drink/day = 1.11, 95 % CI = 1.06, 1.17) but not in other subgroups (e.g., AR−/ER−/PR−: HR = 0.99; 95 % CI = 0.88, 1.12). Our data suggest that the alcohol and breast cancer association may be more pronounced among ER-positive and/or AR-positive breast tumors. However, our data do not support an important role of IR in the association. ER  - 
Effects of a multi-component camp-based intervention on inflammatory markers and adipokines in children: A randomized controlled trial; Objective: To examine the effects of a multi-component camp-based intervention on inflammatory markers and adipokines in children. Methods: One hundred and fifteen children were recruited in Odense, Denmark (2012-2014). The participants were randomly allocated to either the day camp intervention arm (DCIA) or the standard intervention arm (SIA). The intervention for the DCIA consisted of a 6-week camp-based intervention and a 46-week family-based intervention. The SIA was offered one weekly physical activity session for 6. weeks and one educational meeting. C-reactive protein (CRP), monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP1), leptin, and adiponectin were measured in serum at baseline, 6. weeks and 52. weeks. Results: In comparison with the SIA, the reductions in CRP (P=. 0.003) and leptin (p<. 0.001) were larger in the DCIA at 6. weeks. The intervention effects on leptin were significantly mediated by the changes in body fat mass. No intervention effects on CRP and leptin were seen at 52. weeks. No between-group differences in changes in MCP1 and adiponectin were observed at 6. weeks or 52. weeks. Conclusions: The 6-week camp intervention resulted in reductions in CRP and leptin. The intervention effects did not persist to 52. weeks. The intervention effect on leptin was explained by changes in body fat mass. ER  - 
The Relationship of Metabolic Syndrome and Body Composition in Children with Premature Adrenarche: Is It Age Related?; Background: Studies that evaluate both body composition and metabolic syndrome (MeS) risk in prepubertal children with premature adrenarche (PA) are limited. Methods: Fifty-eight prepubertal children (aged 5-9 years, 33 female and 25 male), 30 with PA and 28 controls, were evaluated for the presence of MeS as defined by age-modified National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Panel III criteria. A subset had dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry and bone markers (n = 23/58) to evaluate the effect of hyperandrogenism on metabolic abnormalities and body composition. Results: There was no difference in the prevalence of MeS between PA and controls (p = 0.138). Children with MeS were obese with an increased waist circumference (WC) and decreased high-density lipoprotein levels. Androgens were not associated with having more than one criterion for MeS (p = 0.08) but were associated with triglycerides and WC (p = 0.029 and p = 0.041, respectively). Lean mass was greater in PA subjects (p = 0.039), and androgens correlated with bone mineral density (p = 0.029) and total body fat (p = 0.008). Subjects with a higher percent of body fat were more likely to have more than one MeS risk factor (p = 0.005). Conclusions: MeS was seen only in obese subjects whether or not they had PA. Thus, it appears that obesity drives metabolic risk in the prepubertal population rather than PA. Our findings are important in determining how the prepubertal patient with PA should be evaluated for metabolic risk. ER  - 
Growth and hormone profiling in children with congenital melanocytic naevi; Background Multiple congenital melanocytic naevi (CMN) is a rare mosaic RASopathy, caused by postzygotic activating mutations in NRAS. Growth and hormonal disturbances are described in germline RASopathies, but growth and hormone status have not previously been investigated in individuals with CMN. Objectives To explore premature thelarche, undescended testes, and a clinically abnormal fat distribution with CMN through prospective endocrinological assessment of a cohort of subjects with CMN, and a retrospective review of longitudinal growth of a larger group of patients with CMN from outpatient clinics (which included all subjects in the endocrinological assessment group). Patients and methods Longitudinal growth in a cohort of 202 patients with single or multiple CMN was compared with the U.K. National Child Measurement Programme 2010. Forty-seven children had hormonal profiling including measurement of circulating luteinizing hormone, follicle-stimulating hormone, thyroid stimulating hormone, adrenocorticotrophic hormone, growth hormone, prolactin, pro-opiomelanocortin, estradiol, testosterone, cortisol, thyroxine, insulin-like growth factor-1 and leptin; 10 had oral glucose tolerance testing 25 had dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry scans for body composition. Results Body mass index increased markedly with age (coefficient 0·119, SE 0·016 standard deviation scores per year), at twice the rate of the U.K. population, due to increased adiposity. Three per cent of girls had premature thelarche variant and 6% of boys had persistent undescended testes. Both fat and muscle mass were reduced in areas underlying large naevi, resulting in limb asymmetry and abnormal truncal fat distribution. Anterior pituitary hormone profiling revealed subtle and variable abnormalities. Oral glucose tolerance tests revealed moderate-severe insulin insensitivity in five of 10, and impaired glucose tolerance in one. Conclusions Interpersonal variation may reflect the mosaic nature of this disease and patients should be considered individually. Postnatal weight gain is potentially related to the underlying genetic defect; however, environmental reasons cannot be excluded. Naevus-related reduction of fat and muscle mass suggests local hormonal or metabolic effects on development or growth of adjacent tissues, or mosaic involvement of these tissues at the genetic level. Premature thelarche and undescended testes should be looked for, and investigated, as for any child. ER  - 
Relationship of high leptin levels with an adverse lipid and insulin profile in 6-8 year-old children in Spain; Background and aims: Leptin, an adipokine elevated in obesity, may be related to an adverse cardiovascular risk profile in childhood. However, evidence for this relationship in pre-pubertal children is scarce. We aimed to analyze the relationship between leptin levels and lipid and insulin profiles in Spanish children. Methods and results: Our population-based sample included 389 males and 369 females aged 6-8 years. Lipid levels were determined by standard methods, insulin by radioimmunoassay and leptin by sandwich ELISA.Leptin levels were higher in girls (8.6 ng/ml) than boys (4.7 ng/ml) (p < 0.001). Leptin increased from ages 6 to 8 in girls, but remained steady in boys. In both sexes, leptin increased significantly (p < 0.001) across weight category from normal weight to obese. Children in the highest tertile of leptin concentration showed significantly (p < 0.01) lower levels of HDL-cholesterol (HDL-C) and apolipoprotein-AI (apo-AI) and significantly higher triglyceride (TG) levels than children in lower tertiles. However, in linear regression analysis, after adjustment for body mass index (BMI), leptin only accounted for 1.5% of the variance of HDL-C in boys, and 2.6% of the variance of apo-AI in girls. Leptin was strongly and positively correlated with insulin and HOMA. Upon regression analysis, leptin contributed to over 20% of the variability in insulin and HOMA, independent of BMI. Conclusion: Leptin levels show sex differences in pre-pubertal children. In this age group, leptin levels are strongly related to insulin, and affect lipid profile -namely HDL-C, apo-AI and TG- particularly when leptin levels are high. ER  - 
Ultrasensitive estrogen levels at 7 years of age predict earlier thelarche: Evidence from girls of the growth and obesity Chilean cohort; Objective: Prepubertal estradiol equivalents have been inconsistently linked to age at thelarche; elucidating this relationship becomes relevant given the worldwide decline in the age of puberty onset. Thus, our aim is to assess whether prepubertal girls with higher serum levels of estradiol equivalents at age 7 have a greater risk of presenting early thelarche (ET). Design: Nested case-control study within the Growth and Obesity Cohort Study of 1196 low-middle income children (∼50% girls) from Santiago, Chile. Girls were defined as cases (ET; n=61) if breast bud appeared prior to 8 years of age; controls (n=91) had thelarche ≥8 years. Methods: At 6.7 years, weight, height and waist circumference were measured and a fasting blood sample was obtained for measuring estrogen equivalent (ultrasensitive recombinant cell bioassay), DHEAS, leptin, insulin and IGF1. Beginning at 7 years old, Tanner staging was assessed prospectively twice a year and the appearance of breast bud was assessed by palpation. Results: Mean serum estradiol-equivalent at 6.7 years was 3.9G3.6 pg/ml for cases and 3.6±2.3 pg/ml for controls. Girls with ET had a higher risk of presenting elevated estradiol-equivalent (≥5 pg/ml) at 7 years (OR=2.05, 95% CI: 0.96-4.36) than controls that was borderline significant. However, after adjusting by BMI, insulin and IGF1 at age 7, the association between estradiol-equivalent and ET was significant (OR=2.29 (95% CI: 1.05-5.01)). Conclusions: Chilean girls from low to middle socioeconomic status with ETexhibited double the risk of having high levels of estradiol-equivalent at 7 years than girls with a later age of thelarche. Whole-body adiposity and increased adrenal activity did not explain the observed prepubertal estrogen increase. ER  - 
Earlier menarcheal age in Spanish girls is related with an increase in body mass index between pre-pubertal school age and adolescence; Background Higher body mass index (BMI) has been associated with earlier pubertal development. Objective The aim of this longitudinal study was to determine menarcheal age in a Spanish cohort and to assess its association with anthropometric variables at birth, childhood and adolescence. We also analyse whether the tracking of weight between different ages could affect the timing of menarche. Methods The sample population included 195 randomly selected 6-8-year-old girls who participated in the baseline of the Four Provinces Study and in the follow-up of this study at 13-16 years old. Anthropometrical variables were measured and BMI and BMI z-score were calculated. Information regarding birth weight and menarche was obtained by means of self-report questionnaire. Results Correlation analysis showed a significant negative association of age at menarche with weight, BMI and BMI z-score in the baseline and follow-up groups but not with weight at birth. Fat mass at adolescence is related to a significantly earlier menarcheal age. When comparing weight categories, earliest menarcheal age is associated with an increase of BMI between 6-8-year-old and 13-16-year-old girls. Conclusion In our study, high weight in girls is associated with the earliest age at menarche. This becomes a major influence when weight gain occurs between pre-pubertal school age and adolescence. ER  - 
Beta 2-adrenergic receptor gene association with overweight and asthma in children and adolescents and its relationship with physical fitness; Objective To investigate the association of Arg16Gly and Gln27Glu polymorphisms of β2-adrenergic receptor gene (ADRB2) with the occurrence of asthma and overweight and the gene's influence on anthropometric, clinic, biochemical and physical fitness variables in children and adolescents. Methods Subjects were evaluated for allelic frequencies of the β2-adrenergic receptor gene, height, weight, body mass index (BMI), BMI Z-score, waist circumference (WC), pubertal stage, resting heart rate (HRres), blood pressure (BP), total cholesterol (TC), glucose, insulin, high density lipoprotein (HDL-C), low density lipoprotein (LDL-C), triglyceride (TG), Homeostasis Metabolic Assessment (HOMA2-IR), Quantitative Insulin Sensitivity Check Index (QUICKI) and maximal oxygen uptake (VO2max). The participants were divided in four groups: overweight asthmatic (n=39), overweight non-asthmatic (n=115), normal weight asthmatic (n=12), and normal weight non-asthmatic (n=40). Results Regarding the Gln27Glu polymorphism, higher total cholesterol was observed in usual genotype individuals than in genetic variant carriers (p=0.04). No evidence was found that the evaluated polymorphisms are influencing the physical fitness. The Arg16 allele was found more frequently among the normal weight asthmatic group when compared to the normal weight non-asthmatic group (p=0.02), and the Glu27 allele was more frequently found in the overweight asthmatics group when compared to the normal weight non-asthmatic group (p=0.03). Conclusions The association of Arg16 allele with the occurrence of asthma and of the Glu27 allele with overweight asthmatic adolescents evidenced the contribution of the β2-adrenergic receptor gene to the development of obesity and asthma. ER  - 
HbA1c after a short period of monotherapy with metformin identifies durable glycemic control among adolescents with type 2 diabetes; OBJECTIVE To determine whether clinically accessible parameters early in the course of youth-onset type 2 diabetes predict likelihood of durable control on oral therapy. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS TODAY was a randomized clinical trial of adolescents with type 2 diabetes. Two groups, including participants from all three treatments, were defined for analysis: 1) those who remained in glycemic control for at least 48 months of follow-up and 2) those who lost glycemic control before 48 months. Outcome group was analyzed in univariate and multivariate models as a function of baseline characteristics (age, sex, race/ethnicity, socioeconomic status, BMI, waist circumference, Tanner stage, disease duration, depressive symptoms) and biochemical measures (HbA1c, C-peptide, lean and fat body mass, insulin inverse, insulinogenic index). Receiver operating characteristic curves were used to analyze HbA1c cut points. RESULTS In multivariate models including factors significant in univariate analysis, only HbA1c and insulinogenic index at randomization remained significant (P < 0.0001 and P = 0.0002, respectively). An HbA1c cutoff of 6.3% (45 mmol/mol) (positive likelihood ratio [PLR] 3.7) was identified that optimally distinguished the groups; sex-specific cutoffs were 6.3% (45 mmol/mol) for females (PLR 4.4) and 5.6% (38 mmol/mol) for males (PLR 2.1). CONCLUSIONS Identifying youth with type 2 diabetes at risk for rapid loss of glycemic control would allow more targeted therapy. HbA1c is a clinically accessible measure to identify high risk for loss of glycemic control on oral therapy. Adolescents with type 2 diabetes unable to attain a non-diabetes range HbA1c on metformin are at increased risk for rapid loss of glycemic control. ER  - 
The preventive effect of breast-feeding for longer than 6 months on early pubertal development among children aged 7-9 years in Korea; OBJECTIVE: The present study was performed to investigate whether breast-feeding is associated with early pubertal development among children 7-9 years old in Korea. DESIGN: Children were divided into those who did and did not receive breast-feeding for 6 months or longer in accordance with the recommendations of the WHO. Pubertal status was determined by clinical examination using Tanner staging. SETTING: Prospective observational study. SUBJECTS: We conducted a follow-up study of children aged 7-9 years in 2011 who had taken part in the Ewha Birth & Growth Cohort study. RESULTS: Fifty (22.8%) of the total of 219 children were in early puberty, with the proportion being slightly higher for girls (24.1%) than boys (21.4%). Children who had entered early puberty were taller, weighed more and had a higher concentration of insulin-like growth factor 1. Moreover, the change in weight Z-score from birth to follow-up was significantly lower in children who were breast-fed than in those who were not (weight Z-score change: 0.32 (sd 1.59) v. 0.77 (sd 1.61), respectively, P=0.04). Comparison of breast-feeding by puberty status indicated a preventive association with early puberty in children who were breast-fed for 6 months or longer (OR=0.37; 95% CI 0.18, 0.74). This association remained significant after adjustment for relevant covariates. CONCLUSIONS: These results demonstrate a beneficial association between breast-feeding and early pubertal development, especially in those breast-fed for 6 months or longer. The study suggests that interventions would need to start early in life to prevent early pubertal development. ER  - 
Body image mediates negative family climate and deteriorating glycemic control for single adolescents with type 1 diabetes; INTRODUCTION: Glycemic control declines during adolescence, as youth with diabetes struggle with pubertal changes and a changing social world. The present study tests whether body image mediates longitudinal links between family climate and changes in adolescent glycemic control. Mediation was hypothesized for nondating adolescents but not for dating adolescents, because the former are thought to remain more family oriented than the latter. METHOD: Participants were German adolescents with Type 1 diabetes (51 girls, 58 boys; M = 15.84 years, SD = 1.44). Participants reported body image and family climate. Physicians assayed blood HbA1c levels (M = 8.22%, SD = 1.80%) to measure glycemic control. RESULTS: For nondating adolescents, body image mediated associations between family climate and longitudinal changes in glycemic control. Poorer family climate was associated with poorer body image, which predicted deteriorating glycemic control. For dating adolescents, family climate was unassociated with changes in glycemic control. DISCUSSION: Nondating adolescents may look to parents for feedback on body image, which affects how they manage the challenges of diabetes. Parents and practitioners alike should be alert to the fact that family climate continues to be an important determinant of adolescent adjustment, particularly for those who have not moved into romantic relationships. We know that body image matters to adolescents, but for some youth, body image may be the difference between health and serious physical problems. (PsycINFO Database Record ER  - 
Assessing the polymorphism frequency rate of insulin receptor gene in PCOS; Introduction: Polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) is a common endocrine disorder with prevalence of 5-10% globally among women of reproductive age. PCOS is being characterized by chronic anovulation, polycystic ovaries, hyperandrogenism, hirsutism, overweight, insulin resistance and infertility. It is well-known that PCOS is a complex trait like type-2 diabetes where both genetic and environmental factors play a crucial role in pathogenesis of the disease. Some type-2 diabetes susceptibility genes including those for insulin secretion and action such as insulin receptor showed considerable contribution to genetic predisposition of PCOS. Since insulin receptor gene seems to be a strong candidate gene to PCOS, we aimed to investigate the role of insulin receptor gene polymorphism (T/C) located in a transcription enhancer element of the gene to the disease susceptibility. Materials and Methods: We carried out a crosssectional case-control study. Using simple random sampling 90 healthy women were selected. All 90 patients fulfilled the 2003 Rotterdam criteria of PCOS. The subjects were genotyped for insulin receptor gene polymorphism (T/C) using PCR-Sequencing. Differences in genotype distributions between case and control subjects were examined via a chi-square test. Results: In the present study 180 women between 18-40 years old age were assessed. Clinical, biochemical and metabolic characters of women were compared. Among them, obesity (Waist round more than 85 centimeters), hirsutism and irregular menarche (monthly cycles more than 35 days), LH/FSH >2, BMI>25, (mean: 28.19) in the PCOS group were significantly higher than control group (p<0.05). There was no significant associated between two groups for diabetes mellitus type II, hypertension (>140/90 mmHg) and hormonal level (TSH >5 and prolactin >29.2). Similarly in PCOS and control group, 95% of women had TT genotype and 2.2% had CC genotype. Frequency of C allele in PCOS and control group were 3.3% and 2.2% respectively. Frequency of TC genotype in PCOS and control group were 2.2% and 4.4% respectively. Noted polymorphism had no significant difference between PCOS and control women (p=0.99). Conclusion: Although PCOS showed high prevalence among women in Bandar Abbas, Iran, insulin receptor gene polymorphism (T/C) didnot show significant influence on susceptibility to PCOS. ER  - 
Transcription Factor-7-Like 2 Gene Variants Affect the Metabolic Phenotypes of Polycystic Ovary Syndrome; Background: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a common endocrinopathy, which shares genetic features with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Insofar as transcription factor 7-like 2 (TCF7L2) is consistently replicated T2DM susceptibility locus, this study evaluates whether common TCF7L2 variants are associated with PCOS and related metabolic features. Methods: The association between TCF7L2 rs4506565, rs7903146, rs12243326, and rs12255372 SNPs and PCOS was tested in 242 women with PCOS and in 236 control women. Results: The allelic distribution of rs4506565, rs7903146, rs12243326, and rs12255372 TCF7L2 variants was not significantly different between women with PCOS and control women. The genotype distribution of the 4 TCF7L2 loci was comparable between PCOS cases and controls, irrespective of the genetic analysis model used (additive, dominant, recessive). Carriage of rs4506565 minor allele correlated with free insulin and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance, while the presence of rs12243326 and rs12255372 minor allele correlated with waist changes. Four-locus (rs4506565-rs7903146, rs12243326, and rs12255372) haplotype analysis identified PCOS-susceptible (ACTG) and -protective (TTTG) haplotypes, which remained significant after controlling for multiple comparisons and for key covariates. Conclusions: Although individual TCF7L2 variants were not associated with the presence of PCOS in Bahraini women, specific TCF7L2 haplotypes were identified, which were both positively and negatively associated with PCOS. ER  - 
Male reproductive disorders and fertility trends: Influences of environment and genetic susceptibility; It is predicted that Japan and European Union will soon experience appreciable decreases in their populations due to persistently low total fertility rates (TFR) below replacement level (2.1 child per woman). In the United States, where TFR has also declined, there are ethnic differences. Caucasians have rates below replacement, while TFRs among African-Americans and Hispanics are higher. We review possible links between TFR and trends in a range of male reproductive problems, including testicular cancer, disorders of sex development, cryptorchidism, hypospadias, low testosterone levels, poor semen quality, childlessness, changed sex ratio, and increasing demand for assisted reproductive techniques. We present evidence that several adult male reproductive problems arise in utero and are signs of testicular dysgenesis syndrome (TDS). Although TDS might result from genetic mutations, recent evidence suggests that it most often is related to environmental exposures of the fetal testis. However, environmental factors can also affect the adult endocrine system. Based on our review of genetic and environmental factors, we conclude that environmental exposures arising from modern lifestyle, rather than genetics, are the most important factors in the observed trends. These environmental factors might act either directly or via epigenetic mechanisms. In the latter case, the effects of exposures might have an impact for several generations post-exposure. In conclusion, there is an urgent need to prioritize research in reproductive physiology and pathophysiology, particularly in highly industrialized countries facing decreasing populations. We highlight a number of topics that need attention by researchers in human physiology, pathophysiology, environmental health sciences, and demography. ER  - 
Ghrelin, adipokines, metabolic factors in relation with weight status in school-children and results of a 1-year lifestyle intervention program; Background: Overweight in Guadeloupe is a public health matter affecting children and adults. In the present study we evaluated the metabolic profile, including serum ghrelin, leptin and adiponectin levels, in normal weight, overweight and obese school children and we analyzed the potential changes in anthropometric and metabolic risk factors after a 1-year lifestyle intervention program. Methods: Parameters were assessed at baseline and at 1 year. Three groups (G) were defined according the International Obesity Task Force reference values, G1: normal weight / G2: overweight / G3: obese. The lifestyle intervention included dietary counseling, regular physical activity and family support. Results: A total of 120 children (G1: n = 44, G2: n = 39, G3: n = 37), aged 11- 15 years and 59 % girls were enrolled. Obese children showed significant lower HDL-C, adiponectin and ghrelin concentrations, higher triglycerides, fasting blood glucose, insulin and leptin levels and also higher frequencies of abdominal obesity (G1: 2.3 %, G2: 28.2 %, G3: 73 %) and insulin resistance (GI: 39 %, G2: 72 %, G3: 89 %) than the other groups. In the overall sample, the linear regressions exploring the associations of ghrelin, adiponectin and leptin with age, gender, BMI z-score, HOMA-IR and tanner stage as independent variables showed strong associations of leptin levels with weight status and insulin resistance at baseline. The models accounted for 58 % of variability in leptin levels compared with 26 and 15 % for adiponectin and ghrelin levels respectively. In 83 children who completed the program, significant decreases in BMI z-score in overweight and obese children were noted. Leptin levels decreased significantly only in the obese group whereas adiponectin concentrations increased significantly in the three groups, In obese children, a significant correlation was found between changes in BMI Z-score, and changes in leptin levels (r = 0.39; P = 0.049) but not with changes in adiponectin levels. Conclusions: Abdominal obesity and insulin resistance were highly prevalent in obese children highlighting their risk of metabolic complications in adulthood. A 1-year long lifestyle intervention was associated with improvement in BMI z-score and metabolic parameters. ER  - 
Relationship of serum 25-Hydroxyvitamin D (25[OH]D) levels and components of metabolic syndrome in prepubertal children; Objective: The relationship between 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25[OH]D) levels and the lipid and metabolic levels of the prepubertal normal population is unclear. Our goals were to investigate the association of serum 25(OH)D concentrations with lipid and metabolic levels in Korean prepubertal children ages 7-9 y. Methods: We followed 205 children, ages 7-9 y in the Ewha Birth and Growth Cohort study, a prospective cohort sample established in 2001-2006, from July to August 2011. We studied the association of serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25[OH]D) levels with components of metabolic syndrome and insulin resistance indices using multivariate regression analysis adjusted for body mass index (BMI) z-scores. Results: The mean age of the 205 subjects was 7.89 ± 0.85 y, and the sample included 109 boys (53.2%). The average 25(OH)D levels of all participants was 25.0 ± 5.4 ng/mL. After adjustment for age and sex, triacylglycerol levels were significantly associated with 25(OH)D (β = -0.02, P = 0.02) concentrations even after adjustment for BMI z-scores (β = -0.02, P = 0.04). However, other metabolic components were not correlated with 25(OH)D status. Those with the lowest quartile of 25(OH)D levels had the highest serum triacylglycerol levels (P = 0.04, Ptrend = 0.01). Conclusions: We found that serum 25(OH)D levels were negatively associated with serum triacylglycerol levels, even independently of adiposity, in prepubertal children. This study suggests that 25(OH)D insufficiency is related to metabolic syndrome via the derangement of triacylglycerol metabolism. ER  - 
Large-scale genomic analyses link reproductive aging to hypothalamic signaling, breast cancer susceptibility and BRCA1-mediated DNA repair; Menopause timing has a substantial impact on infertility and risk of disease, including breast cancer, but the underlying mechanisms are poorly understood. We report a dual strategy in -1/470,000 women to identify common and low-frequency protein-coding variation associated with age at natural menopause (ANM). We identified 44 regions with common variants, including two regions harboring additional rare missense alleles of large effect. We found enrichment of signals in or near genes involved in delayed puberty, highlighting the first molecular links between the onset and end of reproductive lifespan. Pathway analyses identified major association with DNA damage response (DDR) genes, including the first common coding variant in BRCA1 associated with any complex trait. Mendelian randomization analyses supported a causal effect of later ANM on breast cancer risk (-1/46% increase in risk per year; P = 3 × 10 -14), likely mediated by prolonged sex hormone exposure rather than DDR mechanisms. ER  - 
Metformin treatment to reduce central adiposity after prenatal growth restraint: A placebo-controlled pilot study in prepubertal children; Background: Children born small-for-gestational-age (SGA) who experience rapid postnatal catch-up in weight are at risk for central adiposity and hyperinsulinemia. Objectives: To study the effects of prepubertal metformin intervention over 24 months on the body composition and endocrine-metabolic profile of catch-up SGA children. Methods: Double-blind, placebo-controlled, pilot study including 23 post-catch-up non-obese prepubertal SGA children [age, 7.7 yr; body mass index standard deviation score (BMI SDS) >50th and <97th centile for age] with increased visceral fat [by magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) both p > 75th for age]. Patients were randomized to receive either placebo or metformin (425 mg/d) for 24 months. Clinical, biochemical [IGF-I, glucose, insulin, lipids, androgens, sex-hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) and high-molecular-weight (HMW)-adiponectin] and imaging [body composition (absorptiometry and MRI; carotid intima-media thickness (ultrasonography)] variables were assessed at baseline, and at 6, 12, and 24 months. Results: After 24 months, metformin-treated children were leaner, had higher SHBG levels, and less total and abdominal fat than placebo-treated children (all p ≤ 0.05). Longitudinal analyses showed that metformin had a significant effect on anthropometric (weight, BMI, and waist) and biochemical variables [glucose, homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), and triglycerides] (all p ≤ 0.05); and in total and abdominal fat (p = 0.01 and p = 0.02). Conclusions: Prepubertal intervention with metformin reduces central adiposity and improves insulin sensitivity in non-obese catch-up SGA children. ER  - 
Adding liraglutide to lifestyle changes, metformin and testosterone therapy boosts erectile function in diabetic obese men with overt hypogonadism; The aim of this retrospective observational study was to evaluate whether adding liraglutide to lifestyle changes, metformin (Met) and testosterone replacement therapy (TRT), by means of improving weight and glycaemic control, could boost erectile function in type 2 diabetic obese men with overt hypogonadism and erectile dysfunction (ED) in a 'real-life setting'. Forty-three obese, diabetic and hypogonadal men (aged 45-59 years) were evaluated because of complaining about the recent onset of ED. They were subdivided into two groups according to whether hypogonadism occurred after puberty (G1; n = 30: 25 with dysfunctional hypogonadism and 5 with acquired hypogonadotropic hypogonadism) or before puberty (G2; n = 13: 10 with Klinefelter's syndrome and 3 with idiopathic hypogonadotropic hypogonadism). Both G1 and G2 patients were given a combination of testosterone (T) [testosterone undecanoate (TU) 1000 mg/every 12 weeks] and Met (2000-3000 mg/day) for 1 year. In the poor responders (N) to this therapy in terms of glycaemic target (G1N: n = 16; G2N: n = 10), liraglutide (L) (1.2 μg/day) was added for a second year, while the good responders (Y) to T + Met (G1Y: 14/30 and G2Y: 3/13) continued this two drugs regimen therapy for another year. All patients were asked to fill in the International Index of Erectile Function (IIEF 15) questionnaire before starting TU plus Met (T1) and after 12 months (T2) and 24 months (T3) of treatment. Patients underwent a clinical examination and a determination of serum sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG), total testosterone (T) and glycosylated haemoglobin (HbA1c) at T1, T2 and T3. At T2, each patient obtained an improvement of ED (p < 0.01) and of the metabolic parameters without reaching, however, the glycaemic goals [HbA1c = >7.5% (>58 mmol/mol)], while T turned out to be within the range of young men. L added to TU and Met regimen in G1N and G2N allowed these patients to reach not only the glycaemic target [HbA1c = <7.5% (<58 nmol/mol)] and a significant reduction in body weight (p < 0.01), but also a further increase in SHBG (p < 0.05) and T (p < 0.01) plasma levels as well as a significant increment of IIEF score (T3). Conversely, at T3 G1Y and G2Y, who received the combined therapy with TRT and Met for the second year, showed a partial failure of that treatment given that there was no improvement of the IIEF score and they showed a significant rise in serum HbA1c (p < 0.05) and weight (p < 0.04) compared with the assessments at T2. These results suggest that TRT could improve clinical and metabolic parameters in obese, type 2 diabetic men with ED and overt hypogonadism (independently of when T deficit occurred). Furthermore, in case of insufficient metabolic control the addition of L to TRT and Met regimen allows to achieve serum T levels in the range of healthy men, as well as to reach glycaemic target and to lower weight, leading to a considerable improvement of ED. Andrology ER  - 
The Association between Bone Age Advancement and Insulin Resistance in Prepubertal Obese Children; Objective: Obesity is associated with bone age (BA) advancement, but the underlying mechanisms remain unclear. The objective of this study was to investigate the association between BA maturation and insulin levels in obese children. Methods: In this cross-sectional study of 93 prepubertal obese children, anthropometric data and hormonal values were measured. Subjects were divided into 2 groups based on the difference between BA and chronological age (CA) (noted as BA-CA). Results: The study population included 39 (41.9%) males and 54 (58.1%) females with a mean age of 7.4±1.5 years. The advanced bone age group defined as BA-CA>1 year (n=44) had significantly higher HOMA-IR and fasting insulin levels, and lower quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI). BA-CA was significantly correlated with fasting insulin (r=0.255, P=0.014), HOMA-IR (r=0.230, P=0.027), and QUICKI (r=- 0.301, P=0.003). Also, height SDS was significantly associated with ΔBA-CA (r=0.417, P<0.001). In the multiple regression analysis, HOMA-IR was identified as a significant independent predictor of BA-CA. Conclusion: Bone age is more advanced in obese children with hyperinsulinemia and insulin resistance. These findings suggest that insulin may affect skeletal maturation. ER  - 
Primary intracranial germ cell tumors in children: 35-year experience of single centre; Background/Objectives: Germ cell tumors (GCT) are rare in intracranial region. We aimed to evaluate the characteristics, treatment and outcome in patients with intracranial GCT (IGCT). Design/Methods: Patients with IGCT diagnosed in Hacettepe University Pediatric Oncology Department, between1980-2014 were evaluated retrospectively. Patients' age and gender, complaints and signs, location and histopathological subtype of tumor, treatment applied and survival time were recorded. Results: There were 52 patients with a median age of 140(13-210) months. Male/female ratio was 2.25. The most frequent complaints were headache (50%), vomiting (44%), polydipsia/polyuria (34%). Most common signs were lateral gaze palsy (15), parinaud syndrome (13), impairment of vision (10). Endocrinological investigation revealed panhypopituitarism in 18 patients, diabetes insipidus in 4, precocious puberty in 2, diencephalic syndrome in one. Hidrocephalus was diagnosed in 24 patients and half of them required shunt. Tumor was located in sellar/suprasellar region in 40.4%, pineal region in 38.4% and bifocal in 11.5% of patients. Pineal location was more common in boys than girls (p=0.04). Intracranial and/or spinal seeding were observed in 9 patients. Serum α-fetoprotein and/or β-HCG levels were high in 18 patients. Histopathological diagnoses were germinoma in 60.8%, mixed GCT in 19.5%, yolk sac tumor in 4.34%, immature teratoma in 8.7%, malignant teratoma in 6.5% of patients. Gross total or subtotal excision was performed in 34 patients. Forty-three patients received platinum based protocols, 42 received radiotherapy. Mean follow-up time was 47 months. Overall and event free survival rates were 72.6% and 60.4%, respectively. OS and EFS rates for germinoma were better than others subtypes (82.0% vs 68.5%, p:0.03 and 50% vs 34%, p=0.004). Conclusion: IGCT comprised 4.1% of 1,280 brain tumors and 8.8% of 587 GCT diagnosed in our department in the same period. Endocrine disturbances were an important problem. The survival rates in IGCT were similar to that of GCT in other regions. ER  - 
Prevalence and clinical profile of celiac disease in patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus in western Uttar Pradesh, India; Background. Celiac disease is frequently associated with type 1 diabetes mellitus, but is usually ill-defined and not usually suspected until the disease becomes advanced. Objective. To study the prevalence and clinical profile of celiac disease among patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus in a tertiary care referral centre in north India. Methodology. Two hundred and fifty six patients were screened (149 males and 107 females) during the study period of two years, patients were evaluated for the clinical signs, biochemical investigations and family history of celiac disease in tertiary care health center in western Uttar Pradesh. Results. Twenty four (9.37%) patients were diagnosed to have celiac disease; the mean age at diagnosis of diabetes was 9.34 ± 7.3 years. Only 1/24 patients with celiac disease had been diagnosed before detection of diabetes mellitus. The common manifestations were normocytic normochromic anemia (66.6%) followed by diarrhoea (62.5%), abdominal pain/bloating sensation (58.3%) and short stature (58.3%). Some uncommon manifestations were also observed in small number of patients: rickets (20.8%), recurrent hypoglycemia (16.6%), carpopedal spasm (8.3%), and night blindness (8.3%). Conclusion. Celiac disease was found in about 10% of patients with type 1 diabetes, almost 10-20 times higher than that observed in general pediatric population. Atypical manifestations (rickets, recurrent hypoglycemia, carpopedal spasm and night blindness) were found to be common in patients with type 1 diabetes as compared to the general population. Unexplained anemia, diarrhoea, short stature and rickets should raise suspicion for the possibility of undiagnosed celiac disease in type 1 diabetes mellitus. ER  - 
Pancreatic cancer in women: Late onset of menopause, use of hormone replacement therapy and two-parity are protective factors; Background: The incidence of Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma (PDAC) is slightly higher in men than in women, although the difference in smoking and alcohol consumption between the two genders does not explain this disparity completely. Reproductive and hormonal factors might have an influence, as estrogen inhibits growth of pancreatic cancer in rat models and lowers the incidence of diabetes, but published data are inconsistent. Aim: To investigate the role of reproductive and hormonal factors on PDAC occurrence in women. Methods: This is a case-control study on women; risk factors were screened through questionnaires about gynecologic and medical history. Cases were matched to controls for age, with a 1:2 ratio. Results: 160 PDAC and 320 matched controls (mean age 70 in both groups) were enrolled. Age of onset of menopause was significantly higher in controls (48.9 vs. 50; p=0.02) and at multivariate logistic regression analysis adjusted for possible confounding factors, older age at menopause (OR:0.96 per year; 95% CI:0.92-1; p=0.05), use of hormonal replacement therapy (HRT) (OR:0.14; 95% CI:0.04-0.49; p=0.002) and having given birth to two children (OR:0.62; 95% CI:0.39-0.98; p=0.04) were significant, independent protective factors. No difference among cases and controls was found on age of menarche, nulliparity, use of oral contraceptive or number of abortions. Having given birth to more than 4 children showed a trend towards being a risk factor. Conclusions: In our study, late onset of menopause, use of HRT and having given birth to two children are protective factors for the occurrence of PDAC, with a trend towards being a risk factor for having given birth to more than four children. These data confirm some previous findings on menopause age and number of births while, to our knowledge, this is the first study to show a protective effect of HRT. ER  - 
Association between age at menarche and diabetes in Korean post-menopausal women: Results from the Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (2007–2009); Early menarche is known to be associated with diabetes, however this association remains controversial. Our study aimed to investigate the possible association between age at menarche and diabetes prevalence in post-menopausal Korean women. This study included 3,254 post-menopausal Korean women aged 50-85 years from the Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey IV (KNHANES 2007–2009). Logistic regression analyses were used to estimate odds ratios (ORs) for diabetes prevalence. Levels of biochemical markers were compared according to groups by age at menarche. Women in the earlier menarche age group (10-12 years) showed higher levels of fasting blood glucose (FBG) and scores of homeostatic model assessment in the insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) index than other groups (p <0.05). After adjusting for potential confounding factors, early age at menarche was significantly associated with a higher prevalence of diabetes (OR 1.86, 95% confidence intervals [CI] 1.07–3.23). The observed association remained significant despite additional adjustment for body mass index and waist circumference (OR 1.82, 95% CI 1.03–3.23) and despite further adjustments for FBG levels and HOMA-IR index (OR 2.25, 95% CI 1.11–4.55). Our findings strengthen the hypothesis that younger age at menarche is associated with increased diabetes prevalence in the Korean population. ER  - 
The metabolic syndrome and mammographic breast density in a racially diverse and predominantly immigrant sample of women; Purpose: The metabolic syndrome [MetS, clustering of elevated blood pressure, triglycerides and glucose, reduced high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), abdominal obesity] has been associated with increased breast cancer risk, but less is known about its association with mammographic breast density, a strong risk factor for breast cancer. Methods: We collected data on risk factors, body size, and blood pressure via in-person interviews and examinations and measured glucose, triglycerides, and HDL-C from dried blood spots from women recruited through a mammography screening clinic (n = 373; 68 % Hispanic, 17 % African-American, 63 % foreign born). We performed linear regression models to examine the associations of each MetS component and the MetS cluster (≥3 components) with percent density and dense breast area, measured using a computer-assisted technique and Cumulus software. Results: About 45 % of women had the MetS, with the prevalence of the individual components ranging from 68 % for abdominal obesity to 33 % for elevated triglycerides. The prevalence of the MetS increased with higher body mass index (BMI) and postmenopausal status, but did not vary substantially by ethnicity, immigrant generational status, parity, age at menarche, or alcohol consumption. Low HDL-C (<50 mg/dL), but not the MetS cluster or the other MetS components, was associated with larger dense breast area after adjusting for age, BMI, fasting time, and educational attainment (β = 8.77, 95 % CI 2.39, 15.14). The MetS and its individual components were not associated with BMI-adjusted percent density. Conclusions: HDL-C alone may have an influence on dense breast tissue that is independent of BMI, and may be in the same direction as its association with breast cancer risk. ER  - 
An 8-year prospective study of depressive symptoms and change in insulin from adolescence to young adulthood; Objective: To evaluate whether depressive symptoms predict change in fasting insulin among adolescents followed into young adulthood. We hypothesized that higher depressive symptoms would predict increased insulin and that puberty and race/ethnicity would moderate this relationship. Methods: Data came from the Princeton School District Study, a school-based longitudinal cohort of non-Hispanic black and white adolescents (2001-2011). Depressive symptoms, fasting insulin, and body mass index were measured at baseline (adolescence) and 8 years later (young adulthood) in 685 participants. Puberty was assessed using a validated protocol measuring sex steroids and physical changes. The primary outcome was change in fasting insulin. Analyses accounted for age, sex, race, parental education, baseline insulin, body mass index z score, puberty, and time to follow-up. Results: At baseline, depressive symptoms were correlated with insulin (p = 0.13, p = .001). High baseline insulin predicted insulin change (B = 11.50, standard error [SE] = 2.30, p < .001). Depressive symptoms also predicted insulin change, but only for pubertal adolescents (B = 0.23, SE = 0.11, p = .038). This relationship was moderated by race (p = .047); depressive symptoms predicted insulin change only among pubertal black adolescents (p = .030), not white (p = .49), and in the direction opposite that hypothesized (Bblacks = 0.51, SE = 0.23). Post hoc analyses revealed that pubertal black adolescents with high depressive symptoms had the highest baseline insulin, which stayed high across the follow-up period. Conclusions: Among pubertal black adolescents, elevated depressive symptoms are associated with increased risk for sustained hyperinsulinemia from adolescence into adulthood. These youthsmay be particularly vulnerable for Type 2 diabetes. ER  - 
Growth hormone deficiency after childhood bone marrow transplantation with total body irradiation: Interaction with adiposity and age; Objective Bone marrow transplantation with total body irradiation (BMT/TBI) has adverse effects on growth, growth hormone status and adiposity. We investigated the GH-IGF-I axis in relation to adiposity. Design Cross-sectional case control study. Patients BMT/TBI survivors (n = 22) and short stature control participants (n = 19), all GH-naïve or off GH treatment >3 months. Measurements Auxology, DEXA scans and GH-IGF-I axis investigation: (i) 12-h overnight GH profiles; (ii) insulin tolerance test (ITT); and (iii) IGF-I generation test. Analysis: auto-deconvolution of GH profile data and comparison of quantitative parameters using anova. Results Eighty-two percent of BMT/TBI survivors had growth hormone deficiency (GHD) using ITT. GH profile area-under-the-curve (GH-AUC) was reduced in BMT/TBI survivors vs short stature control participants [geometric mean (range) 209 (21-825) vs 428 (64-1400) mcg/l/12 h, respectively, P = 0·007]. GHD was more marked in those who had additional cranial irradiation (CRT) [ITT peak 1·4 (0·2-3·0) vs TBI only 4·1 (1·1-14·8) mcg/l, P = 0·036]. GHD was more marked at the end of growth in BMT/TBI survivors vs short stature control participants (GH-AUC 551 (64-2474) vs 1369 (192-4197) mcg/l/12 h, respectively, P = 0·011) and more prevalent (9/11 vs 1/9, respectively, P = 0·005). GH profile data were consistent with ITT results in 80% of participants. IGF-I generation tests were normal. BMT/TBI survivors still demonstrated lower GH levels after adjustment for adiposity (fat-adjusted mean difference for GH-AUC 90·9 mcg/l/12 h, P = 0·025). Conclusions GHD was more prevalent in BMT/TBI survivors than expected for the CRT dose in TBI, worsened with time and persisted into adulthood. GHD could not be explained by adiposity. There was no evidence of GH neurosecretory dysfunction or resistance after BMT/TBI. ER  - 
The association of body shape trajectories over the life course with type 2 diabetes risk in adulthood: A group-based modeling approach; Purpose: Low birth weight is a well-recognized risk factor for type 2 diabetes (T2D), but less is known about risks associated with the evolution of body shape throughout life with incident T2D in adulthood. Methods: In 80,110 women from the Etude Epidémiologique auprès de femmes de la Mutuelle Générale de l'Education Nationale (E3N) cohort study, trajectories of self-reported body shapes from age 8 years to 35-40 years were derived using a group-based modeling approach and studied in relation with incident T2D. Results: Compared with women who maintained a stable midrange body shape trajectory from 8 to 40years, women in all other observed trajectories were at a higher risk of developing T2D in adulthood: The highest risk was observed for women who were lean at age 8 years and had a sharp increase in body shape (hazards ratio=2.91 [2.35-3.62]); their T2D risk was higher (. P for homogeneity=.059) than for women who maintained the largest body shape (hazards ratio=2.18 [1.76-2.69]). Conclusions: A group-based modeling approach has identified trajectories of body shape evolution with different risks of developing T2D in adulthood. A sharp increase in body shape after puberty in previously lean girls is a risk factor for the subsequent development of diabetes. ER  - 
Menstrual preconditioning for the prevention of major obstetrical syndromes in polycystic ovary syndrome; The presence of multiple ovarian cysts, anovulation, and endometrial progesterone resistance in the neonate seems remarkably similar to ovarian and endometrial features of the polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) of adolescent and adult women. In fact, in the absence of cyclic menstruations after menarche, the neonatal progesterone resistance is likely to persist and adversely affect young women with PCOS at the time of pregnancy after induction of ovulation, because any persisting defect in progesterone response can interfere with the process of decidualization and trophoblast invasion. The primigravid woman with PCOS therefore is likely to be at risk of defective deep placentation as manifested by the increased risk of major obstetric syndromes. A recent, large epidemiologic study has demonstrated that the risk of preeclampsia and preterm delivery is elevated in the 13- to 15-year old group, although it does not persist in the 16- to 17-year old group. It is proposed therefore that induction of ovulation in the infertile nulligravid woman with PCOS should be preceded by a period of progesterone withdrawal bleedings to achieve full endometrial progesterone response by the time of pregnancy. The cyclic administration of clomiphene citrate for a period to be determined by vascular response may be an appropriate tool to reduce the risk of major obstetric syndromes by menstrual preconditioning. ER  - 
Effects of aerobic and resistance training on abdominal fat, apolipoproteins and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein in adolescents with obesity: The HEARTY randomized clinical trial; Objectives:To investigate the effects of aerobic training, resistance training, or both on abdominal subcutaneous fat (subcutaneous adipose tissue (SAT)) (deep and superficial), visceral fat (visceral adipose tissue (VAT)), apolipoproteins A-1 and B (ApoA-1, ApoB), ApoB/ApoA-1 ratio and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (HSCRP) in post-pubertal adolescents with obesity.Participants:After a 4-week supervised moderate-intensity exercise run-in period, 304 postpubertal adolescents with overweight (body mass index (BMI) ≥85th percentile for age and sex+diabetes risk factor) or obesity (≥95th BMI percentile) aged 14-18 years were randomized to four groups for 22 weeks (5 months): aerobic training, resistance training, combined training or a non-exercising control.Methods:This study used a randomized controlled design. All groups received dietary counseling designed to promote healthy eating with a maximum daily energy deficit of 250 kcal. Abdominal fat (SAT and VAT) at the level of the fourth and fifth lumbar vertebrae (L4-L5) was measured by magnetic resonance imaging and ApoA-1, ApoB and HSCRP were measured after a 12-h fast at baseline and after 6 months.Results:Changes in SAT at L4-L5 were -16.2 cm 2 in aerobic (P=0.04 vs control), -22.7 cm 2 in resistance (P=0.009 vs control) and -18.7 cm 2 in combined (P=0.02 vs control). Combined training reduced ApoB levels from 0.81±0.02 to 0.78±0.02 g l -1 (P=0.04 vs control) and ApoB/ApoA-1 ratio from 0.67±0.02 to 0.64±0.02 (P=0.02 vs control and P=0.04 vs aerobic). There were no significant differences in VAT, ApoA-1 or HSCRP levels between groups.Conclusions:Aerobic and resistance training and their combination decreased abdominal SAT in adolescents with obesity. Combined training caused greater improvements in ApoB/ApoA-1 ratio compared with aerobic training alone. ER  - 
Neutrophil-to-lymphocyte ratio: An inflammation marker related to cardiovascular risk in children; Low-grade chronic inflammation plays a pathogenic role in cardiovascular disease. An increase in the ratio of circulating neutrophils to lymphocytes (N/L ratio) may serve as a marker of cardiovascular risk in adults. It was the study objective to study whether N/L ratio associates with vascular parameters in children. Subjects were 501 prepubertal and early pubertal Caucasian children (mean age 8.0 years; mean body mass index (BMI) Z-score 0.2 ± 0.9; 266 boys and 235 girls) recruited within an ongoing population-based study. The subjects were stratified into three groups according to age. Neutrophil, lymphocyte, BMI, waist circumference, systolic blood pressure (SBP) and carotid intima-media thickness (cIMT), assessed in all children. The N/L ratio, derived from the absolute neutrophil and lymphocyte counts. In children aged < 7 years (n=190, all prepubertal), no associations were observed between N/L ratio and either anthropometric or cardiovascular parameters. In children aged 7–9 years (n=171, 1.7 % early pubertal), higher N/L ratio associated with higher BMI Z-score and waist circumference (p=0.008 to p< 0.0001). In children aged > 9 years (n=140, 29.2 % early pubertal), N/L ratio associated again with BMI Z-score and waist circumference and also positively with SBP and cIMT (all p=0.008 to p< 0.0001). These associations remained significant in linear regression models following adjustment for possible confounding variables such as age, gender, fasting triglycerides, C-reactive protein and puberty (and for SBP and cIMT, adjustment also for BMI). In conclusion, our results provide the first evidence that a higher N/L ratio is associated with a less favourable cardiovascular profile in children and delineate the development of these associations from late childhood onwards. ER  - 
Decreased renal function in overweight and obese prepubertal children; Background:Obesity is a potentially modifiable risk factor for the development and progression of kidney disease, both in adults and children. We aim to study the association of obesity and renal function in children, by comparing estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) in nonoverweight and overweight/obese children. Secondarily, we aim to evaluate the accuracy of equations on eGFR estimation when compared to 24-h urinary creatinine clearance (CrCl).Methods:Cross-sectional study of 313 children aged 8-9 y, followed in the birth cohort Generation XXI (Portugal). Creatinine and cystatin C, GFR estimated by several formulas and CrCl were compared in 163 nonoverweight and 150 overweight/obese, according to World Health Organization growth reference.Results:Overweight/obese children had significantly lower eGFR, estimated by all methods, except for CrCl and revised Schwartz formula. Despite all children having renal function in the normal range, eGFR decreased significantly with BMI z-score (differences ranging from -4.3 to -1.1 ml/min/1.73 m 2 per standard deviation of BMI). The Zappitelli combined formula presented the closest performance to CrCl, with higher correlation coefficients and higher accuracy values.Conclusion:Young prepubertal children with overweight/obesity already present significantly lower GFR estimations that likely represent some degree of renal impairment associated with the complex deleterious effects of adiposity. ER  - 
Diet, growth, and obesity development throughout childhood in the Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children; Publications from the Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children covering diet, growth, and obesity development during childhood are reviewed. Diet was assessed by food frequency questionnaires and food records. Growth data were collected by routine measurements, and in standardized clinics, body fatness was assessed by bioelectrical impedance and DXA (dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry) scans. Diets changed dramatically during the preschool period with an increase in the intake of free (added) sugars (12.3% rising to 16.4% of energy) that remained similar until adolescence. This was due to increased intake of energy-dense, nutrient-poor foods. Two periods of rapid growth were identified; infancy and mid-childhood (ages 7-11 y) and both were associated with obesity development. Diets with high energy density were associated with increasing fat mass from mid-childhood until adolescence. Genetic and dietary factors showed independent associations with increasing adiposity. At all ages studied, there were dietary inequalities related to maternal educational attainment that may influence inequalities found in obesity development. The Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children has provided valuable insights into how disparities in diet and growth may affect the development of ill health in adulthood. ER  - 
Associations between bicycling and carotid arterial stiffness in adolescents: The European Youth Hearts Study; The aim of the study was to investigate the associations between bicycling and carotid arterial stiffness, independent of objectively measured moderate-and-vigorous physical activity. This cross-sectional study included 375 adolescents (age 15.7 ± 0.4 years) from the Danish site of the European Youth Heart Study. Total frequency of bicycle usage was assessed by self-report, and carotid arterial stiffness was assessed using B-mode ultrasound. After adjusting for pubertal status, body height, and objectively measured physical activity and other personal lifestyle and demographic factors, boys using their bicycle every day of the week displayed a higher carotid arterial compliance {standard beta 0.47 [95% confidence interval (CI) 0.07-0.87]} and distension [standard beta 0.38 (95% CI -0.04 to 0.81)]. Boys using their bicycle every day of the week furthermore displayed a lower Young's elastic modulus [standard beta -0.48 (95% CI -0.91 to -0.06)]. Similar trends were observed when investigating the association between commuter bicycling and carotid arterial stiffness. These associations were not observed in girls. Our observations suggest that increasing bicycling in adolescence may be beneficial to carotid arterial health among boys. ER  - 
Reduced humanin levels in children with type-1 diabetes mellitus; Background: Recent studies in multiple models of T1DM have demonstrated the role of mitochondrial abnormalities in the pathogenesis of this disease and its complications. Humanin is a potent cyto-protective and 'metaboloprotective' molecule in vitro and in vivo, including the protection of beta cells from apoptosis, improvements in insulin secretion and action, and both prevention and treatment of diabetes in the NOD mouse model, by ameliorating various aspects of the pathogenesis of the disease. Objective and Hypotheses: We hypothesized that humanin levels are decreased in patients with T1DM and may be related to duration or severity of disease and evaluated humanin levels in T1DM and matched controls (C) as a function of HbA1c and microalbuminuria. Method: Subjects with T1DM and age- and sex matched controls were recruited from the diabetes clinic. A complete physical exam including Tanner staging exam was performed. Early morning a blood sample was obtained for determination of HbA1c and humanin levels (in house ELISA, previously published). Results: T1DM (n = 154) and C (n = 76), age 3-19 years old (T1DM mean 12.9, C mean 10.8), males 57% in DM1 vs 47% in C. New onset (<2 yr) of diabetes in 32.4% of T1D (n = 50). T1DM and C were divided according to Tanner stages (1-5). Humanin levels are lower in T1DM compared to C (974.6 ± 498.3 in T1DM vs 1241.2 ± 782.4 in C p = 0.0019). This difference is observed only in girls (T1DM 1327.4 ± 714.8 vs C 1997.4 ± 481 p < 0.01). Humanin levels are lower in Tanner I and III inT1DM compared with C (p < 0.05). Humanin levels increased throughout puberty in C children, but not in T1D adolescents. No association was observed between duration of T1D, albuminuria or HbA1c. Conclusion: T1DM patients exhibit lower humanin levels, an observation that is especially pronounced in females and early Tanner stages. There is no correlation between the degree of metabolic control or disease duration and humanin levels. Future studies will address the impact of humanin levels on pathophysiology and metabolic control of diabetes. ER  - 
Timing of pubertal events in boys with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1D); Introduction: T1D may affect the gonadal axis function. Recently, higher testosterone levels have been shown at the final stages of puberty in boys with T1D. However, the effects of type T1D on the timing of puberty of boys with modern insulin therapy are unknown. Objectives: To evaluate the age of pubertal events in boys with TD1 and determine whether duration of diabetes, metabolic control or insulin dose are associated with age of puberty in T1D boys. (Table presented) Methods: Children aged 8-18 yr with T1D (n: 96, age 13.8 ± 0.26) and healthy Chilean school children (C) (n: 391, age 12.8 ± 2.2 years) were studied. A Pediatric Endocrinology evaluated pubertal development. Genital and pubic hair development were evaluated according to Tanner stage. Axillary and facial hair presence was assessed. Probit and logistic regression were used for statistical analysis. Results: T1D and C had a similar age of initial pubertal events, including genital and pubic Tanner stage 2 (table 1). Appearance of axillary and facial hair occurred at the same age in both groups. However, genital Tanner 5 occurred earlier in T1D compared to C. Appearance of intermediate axillary hair occurred earlier in T1D than in C. Duration of diabetes, metabolic control (HbA1c: 8.1 ± 1.3%) or insulin dose were not associated with earlier age of final events of puberty in T1D. Conclusions: Boys with T1D treated with modern insulin therapy appear to have a normal age of onset of pubertal development compared to a simultaneously studied group of healthy boys. However, T1D boys show at an earlier age the final stages of puberty. These data suggest that pubertal delay is not a frequent problem for T1D. Future studies should evaluate the relationship of younger age of final puberty with possible shorter time of growth period and higher testosterone levels in boys with T1D. ER  - 
Prevalence of metabolic syndrome and insulin resistance in premature infants small for gestational age; Introduction: Small for gestational age (SGA) is a risk factor for metabolic syndrome (MS) and insulin resistance (IR) in childhood. This can be explained by fetal metabolic adaptations to the low nutrient supply. Nonetheless few studies have been done in prematures. Objective: To compare the prevalence of MS and IR in school age children with a history of prematurity, less than 36 weeks of gestation and SGA vs appropriate weight for gestational age (AGA). Material and Methods: A historical cohort study was performed in school children 6-12 years without motor or mental disabilities, birth defects, or systemic diseases such as renal tubular acidosis. Group 1: Premature babies with a birth weight between the 10-90 percentile and Group 2: Prematures with weight less than the 10th percentile. Anthropometric, biochemical and blood pressure evaluations were performed. MS was diagnosed with the modified NCEP ATP II criteria by Cook for children and IR by HOMA IR ≥3.4. Descriptive statistics, mean difference, chi square and odds ratio were done, with statistical significance with p < 0.05. Results: 205 children were included, 135 from group 1 and 70 from group 2. The prevalence of MS was 13.3% in group 1 vs 7.1% in group 2. There were 23 cases of MS, of which 69.5% occurred in pubertal children with an OR 4.53, 95% CI (1.77-11.6) p < 0.001. IR prevalence was 13.3% in group 1 vs 10.0% in group 2. Of the 25 cases of IR, 64.0% occurred in pubertal children, with an OR of 3.40 95% CI (1.42-8.16) p < 0.004. The three components of MS in order of frequency were: triglycerides >110 mg/dl: 34.1%, HDL cholesterol <40 mg/dl: 32.0%, systolic or diastolic blood pressure >90 percentile: 22.2%. Conclusion: The prevalence of MS and IR is the same in both groups of premature infants with and without low birth weight, predominating in the puberty stage. Other factors such as the growth rate should be assessed. ER  - 
Insulin resistance and cardiometabolic risk factors in obese children and adolescents; Introduction: Insulin resistance (IR) is a main factor involved in the development of type 2 diabetes and atherosclerosis. Its complex diagnose during childhood contribute to the recognition of individuals in high cardiometabolic risk. The present study was designed to expose the characteristics of insulin resistance in obese children and adolescents and its relationship with cardiovascular risk factors such as hypertension, dyslipidemia and impaired fasting glucose (IFG). Methodology: 187 obese children and adolescents with a mean age of 10.5 ± 3.0 years participated in the study. Family history of diabetes, gestational diabetes and impaired birth weight antecedents, weight, height, waist and hip circumference, nigricans acanthosis, pubertal stage, blood pressure, blood glucose, insulin, cholesterol, triglycerides and high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-c) were determined. IR was assessed through the insulin resistance index (HOMA-IR). Results: The prevalence of IR was 63.6%, highest in female than in male obese (p = 0.011). It was associated to puberty (p = 0.015) and the presence of nigricans acanthosis (p = 0.001). Obese children and adolescents with IR showed highest means of waist circumference (p = 0.012), diastolic/systolic pressure (p = 0.019/p = 0.017), and fasting glucose, insulin (p = 0.000) and triglyceride (p = 0.014) plasmatic levels. Impaired fasting glucose (p = 0.001), hipertrygliceridemia (p = 0.041) and low HDL-c (p = 0.032) were more frequent in obese with IR. There was no association between family history of type 2 diabetes, gestational diabetes in mothers or impaired birth weight, and the presence of IR. Conclusions: IR was related to pubertal development, nigricans acanthosis and the presence of prediabetes and atherogenic dislipydemia in obese children and adolescents. ER  - 
Clinical features and course of pediatric patients with type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus; Background: Differences in clinical features and complications related to diabetes in pediatric patients are described, complications that present shortly after the onset of illness and whose frequency varies according to the type of diabetes. Objective: To describe the clinical features and course of patients with T1DM compared to T2DM. Methods: 74 patients aged <18 years diagnosed with T1DM (54) and T2DM (20) were retrospectively evaluated with a longer follow-up of 1 year. A data collection chart was designed to collect clinical and biochemical information at diagnosis as well as the annual clinical course. Results: T1DM patients at diagnosis have an average age of 7.72 (±2.86), 53.7% were male, 78.7% pre-pubertal with BMI average: 0.16 (±1.12), height: -0.24 (±1.07); 60% had ketoacidosis at diagnosis with classic symptoms such as polyuria, polydipsia, polyphagia and weight loss in 95.5% of patients, HbA1c: 10.39 (±2.76), C-peptide: 0.57 (±0.74). Whereas patients with T2DM have an average age of 12.59 (±2.32), 50% were male, 93.3% pubertal with BMI average: 1.28 (±1.40) height: -0.07 (±1.23); 23.5% had ketoacidosis with classic symptoms in 84.2% of patients, 61.3% showed acanthosis nigricans, HbA1c: 9.56 (±1.87), C-peptide: 1.58 (±1.15). The average follow-up time was for T1DM: 5.71 (±2.73) and T2DM: 3.72 (±2.37) years. Pre hypertension and overt hypertension was found in 27.6% of T1DM and 34.47% of T2DM; dyslipidemia in 62.4% and 72.43% respectively. Microalbuminuria was found in 16.32% of T1DM in an average time of 4.73 years; while the 42.85% of T2DM did so by an average of 2.33 years. Paresthesia was found in 3 and 4 patients with T1DM and T2DM respectively, with confirmation of peripheral nerve abnormality in 1 patient with T1DM; Likewise, retinopathy was found in a patient with T1DM at 4 years of evolution. Conclusions: T2DM patients compared with T1DM are older, have higher BMI and C-peptide. During the evolution similar frequencies for pre hypertension and overt hypertension and dyslipidemia were found; as well as higher frequencies of microalbuminuria in patients with T2DM despite having a shorter disease. ER  - 
Clinical characteristics of urinary tract infections in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes; Introduction: In diabetic patients, the risk for systemic infections is higher, urinary tract represent the most common site of infection and Escherichia coli, the bacteria most frequently isolated in uroculture. Objective of Study: To determine the clinical characteristics of urinary tract infections (UTI) in pediatric patients with type 1 diabetes. Material and Methods: Study of patients under 15 years of age with type 1 diabetes and diagnosis of UTI. Variables studied: Age, sex, pubertal development and body mass index (BMI) of patients; duration of diabetes, level of glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c), insulin therapy scheme, symptoms of UTI, identified bacteria and antibiotic sensitivity. Exclusion criteria: Duration of diabetes less than three months, urinary malformation, vesicoureteral reflux, antibiotics in the last trimester; irregular checkups. Results: Universe investigated: 41 patients; studied: 27. Age: 9 ± 4.8 years. Sex: 18 women (66.7%). Pubertal development: Tanner I, 16 (59%). BMI between percentiles 10-85, 23 patients (85.2%). Diabetes duration: 3-12 months, 11 cases (40.7%). HbA1c: 8.1 ± 3.1%, range 6.7-11.8%. Insulin: NPH and Regular, 15 patients (56%); glargine and glulisine, 12 (44%). Identified Bacteria: Escherichia coli, 22 patients (81.5%). Clinical features: asymptomatic episode, 11 cases (40.7%); lumbar or abdominal pain, 10 (37%). Susceptibility to Escherichia coli (22 patients): Sensitive to amikacin and ceftriaxone, 21 cases (95.45%); cefotaxime and gentamicin, 20 patients (90.91%). Conclusions: Most patients were female, with poorly controlled diabetes, asymptomatic infection or causing lumbar and abdominal pain; Escherichia coli was the most common etiologic agent, being sensitive to ceftriaxone, cefotaxime, amikacin and gentamicin. The clinical presentation, epidemiology and therapy bacterial UTI in diabetic patients are similar to those evident in the general population. ER  - 
Growth and development of children with type 1 diabetes mellitus; Introduction: One of the rare long-term complications of type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) is change in growth and development, maintaining controversy if linked to poor metabolic control. Our objective was to evaluate the effect of T1DM on growth and development of a group of diabetic children followed in a pediatric Institute. Materials and Methods: A retrospective study of thirty patients with T1DM treated in a pediatric Institute, excluding the carriers of other chronic diseases that could affect growth. Affiliation, date of diagnosis, type of treatment, anthropometry and glycosylated hemoglobin ( HbA1c) at diagnosis, at one and five years of follow-up were recorded. Anthro software (version 3.2.2) and anthro plus using standards-based WHO were used for evaluation. setting Z score for weight for height (WHZ), weight for age (WAZ), height for age (HAZ) and body mass index for age (BAZ). Results: Among the 30 patients followed, 36.6% were men and 63.3% women. At diagnosis, 23.3% were younger than 5 years. 90% by Tanner pubertal stage 1. In 76.6% insulin analogs were used and 90% had HbA1c >7.5%. 13.3% showed HAZ <-2SD (Mean -0.89 + 1.27 SD) and BAZ > + 2 SD 3.3% (Mean 0.32 + 1.71 SD). A year of diagnosis; 6.6% had a HAZ <-2 SD (Mean -0.95 +0.93 SD) corresponding to 100% the group of 5-9 years. As for the BAZ, 23.3% was greater than + 1 DE (Mean 0.77+ 0.70 SD). HbA1c in the 60% was >7.5%. At five years of diagnosis; 37.5% (Mean -1.79 + 1.35 SD) showed HAZ <-2 SD. 55.5% in the age group diagnosed for 5-9 years. 12.5% had a BAZ <-2 SD and 6.3%> + 1 DE (Mean -0.43 + 1.01 SD). HbA1c in the 70% was >7.5%. Conclusions: No significant deteriorative effect of T1DM on auxological parameters were observed at year of diagnosis. However after five years of disease both, height for age and BMI for age were affected probably associated with the degree of metabolic control. ER  - 
25th Annual Meeting of the Latin American Pediatric Endocrinology Society, SLEP 2015; The proceedings contain 142 papers. The topics discussed include: a homozygous NNT gene mutation identified by whole exoma sequencing (WES) in a boy with familial glucocorticoid deficiency (FGD) impairs mitochondrial oxidative stress; newborn screening for congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH): improving the effectiveness of the neonatal 17OH-progesterone (N17OHP) and serum confirmatory tests; differences in insulin receptor isoforms (IR-A and IR-B) expression in human term (T) and preterm (PT) placentas; ambulatory blood pressure monitoring in children and adolescents with type-1 diabetes mellitus; lower antim?llerian hormone levels (AMH) in postmenarcheal adolescents conceived after assisted reproductive techniques (AcART); analysis of DAX1 and SF1 genes and their interaction with genes involved in stem cell maintenance in adrenocortical tumors; severe hypertension in a girl: cushing syndrome or apparent mineralocorticoid excess syndrome? utility of molecular study; peripheral precocious puberty in girls with Mccune-Albright syndrome: treatment and outcomes; congenital adrenal hyperplasia incidence in minas gerais state - Brazil, after newborn screening implementation; hyperandrogenism and influence of steroid therapy on nutritional status and body composition in patients with congenital adrenal hyperplasia; verification of reference values of 17-ohprogesterone with and without extraction by ELISA method in children during the first month of life; clinical, biochemical and ultrasonographic characteristics at diagnosis in adolescents with polycystic ovaries seen at national institute of child health between May 2012 and April 2015; and copy number variants in patients with congenital hypopituitarism associated with complex phenotypes. ER  - 
Environmental exposures and reproductive outcomes-a call to action!; Over the past 50 years there has been an alarming increase, globally, in multiple health disorders, including developmental abnormalities, intellectual disabilities, reproductive compromise, respiratory and thyroid dysfunction, obesity, type 2 diabetes, pubertal timing, and hormone-dependent cancers. As these changes have occurred in a relatively short timeframe, they are unlikely explained solely by genetic mutations, warranting consideration of other causes, including the environment. In developed and developing countries, indoor and outdoor air pollution, stress, nutrition, and chemicals in agricultural areas, personal care and household cleaning products, and in industrial waste, pesticides, and nearly ubiquitous plastics are of great concern. Human epidemiologic studies and wildlife and laboratory data support that risks and plausible causation for these disorders can be traced largely to unregulated chemical production, use, and disposal resulting in contamination of the food supply, water, and air. Furthermore, disadvantaged populations are more likely to live in contaminated communities and have higher risk occupations. Climate change is an additional environmental health threat resulting in human diseases including asthma, heart disease, heat related morbidity/ mortality, developmental effects, mental health and stress-related disorders due to population migration and displacement, and premature mortality. Climate-related loss of species and ecosystem disruption also impair biologic diversity central to the global food system, health, and environmental sustainability. The global health and economic burden related to toxic environmental chemicals approximates billions of $US annually, with climate change impacts yet to be described. Reproductive and other healthcare professionals are well positioned to call for action for global solutions to prevent these growing harms to the health of this and future generations and advocate for policies globally to prevent exposures to toxic environmental chemicals, ensure a healthy food system, make environmental health a part of health education and health care, and champion environmental justice. ER  - 
The role of imbalance cytokines and chemokines at infringement menses cycle at girls-teenagers with adiposity; Objectives: Currently, an increasing number of obese patients, with more frequent menstrual function and primary infertility. Clinical studies have shown that obesity leads to inflammation of the adipose tissue. Important role in the development of inflammation belongs immune cells. The ability of monocyte-macrophage release proinflammatory mediators is one of the pathogenic factors in the development of local and systemic inflammatory response in this disease. Given the important role of immune system in the development of the metabolic syndrome, the aim of the study was to study the content of IL-1β, TNF-α, MCP-1 in adolescents with obesity and the menstrual cycle. Method: The study included 22 patients with obesity and menstrual irregularities (group 1) and 17 healthy adolescents with a normal body mass index and regular menstrual cycles (control group). The analysis of eating disorders, the study of the clinical characteristics of the disease: the definition of body mass index, a gynecological consultation to confirm the diagnosis of amenorrhea, oligoamenorei. Determination of IL-1β, TNF-α, MCP-1 (monocyte chemoattractant) was measured by ELISA using the kit with test systems “Bender Medsistems”. Results: It was found that in patients with obesity and menstrual irregularities compared with the control group there were marked changes in the form of the immune statistically significant increase in the production IL-1β, TNF-α, MCP-1. Produced by macrophages, TNF-α and IL-1β stimulate leptin secretion in adipocytes, inhibits the expression of adiponectin, inhibits adipocyte differentiation, as a key molecule in the metabolic disorders associated with obesity. Increased MCP-1 supports the inflammation of adipose tissue. The severity of the inflammation is correlated with the degree of obesity. Conclusions: Therefore, obesity products adipocytes increase the secretion of proinflammatory cytokines and chemokines by macrophages, which may change the metabolic and secretory activity of adipocytes, which eventually leads to a further increase in the inflammatory response and the development of insulin resistance and ovarian dysfunction. Thus, the study of the immunopathogenesis of reproductive disorders in adolescent girls with obesity will predict the formation of early reproductive pathology, evident at puberty menstrual dysfunction. ER  - 
Optimizing hormone replacement therapy in girls with Turner syndrome (TS); Ovarian dysgenesis is a cardinal feature of TS, and while the primary clinical manifestation of ovarian failure is absent or incomplete secondary sexual development, the estrogen deficiency in TS begins at birth and likely has significant consequences for physical and psychological well-being from infancy onward. Although estrogen replacement to induce puberty has been standard of care for TS since the 1960s, treatment was often delayed until the mid-teen years because of long-held concerns regarding the role of estrogen in advancing skeletal maturation and truncating linear growth. Furthermore, while data from the mid-1990s demonstrated that healthy prepubertal ovaries secrete measurable amounts of estradiol [1], the concept of childhood estrogen replacement at very low dosages with the intent of replicating the prepubertal hormonal milieu rather than inducing feminization, has been largely unexplored. Limited data from studies of childhood low-dose estrogen replacement in TS demonstrate unimpaired height gain and more physiologic pubertal timing [2-4]. In addition to timing of estrogen initiation, other key unresolved questions concern route of administration, tempo of escalation and timing for addition of progestins. While opinion is mounting in favor of transdermal estrogen [5,6], data from prospective, randomized, controlled trials are lagging [7,8]. Additional controlled data are needed, followed by prospective observational studies through adulthood to assess long-term outcomes potentially affected by estrogen deficiency and replacement, such as autoimmune, bone, cardiovascular, cognitive, metabolic and psychosexual wellbeing. ER  - 
Growth, puberty and final height in children with type 1 diabetes (T1D); Objective: The aims of this study were to assess growth in a group of diabetic children and to evaluate final height and age at menarche. Research design: Growth was assessed by longitudinal study, compared with Sempé, Pedron subjects and semi longitudinal casecontrol study. Controls (diabetic brothers and sisters). Age at menarche was assessed by case-control study. Controls (diabetic sisters). Results: Growth was significantly more delayed in T1D patients (92 girls, 103 boys) than in Sempe, Pedron subjects. However, evident catch-up growth was noted between the 18 and 21 years age (251 T1D girls and 248 T1D boys). The growth speed was less important during puberty compared to Sempé, Pédron subjects. After 18 age, our T1D patients was contuned their growth in time where Sempe, Pedron subjects finished their growth. Semi-longitudinal study: The mean adult height was: 162.17 ± 4.031 cm (251 women T1D) vs 163.91 ± 3.15 cm (162 controls: p > 0.05). The mean adult height was 172.34 ± 4.87 cm (248 men T1D) and 172.98 ± 4.67 cm (190 controls: p < 0.001). The mean age of menarche in 123 girls with T1D was: 14.44 ± 2.18 years vs 13.55 ± 1.46 ans years in 176 controls (p < 0.0001). Conclusion: Growth, puberty and adult Height are delayed especially in the T1D girls. ER  - 
Serum levels of bone turnover markers: Osteocalcin and CTx in adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus; Background: There is still little clinical data regarding the influence of IDDM on bone structure, bone density and biochemical markers of bone turnover especially in children. Objective: To evaluate the potential role of osteocalcin (OC) and CTx in adolescents with IDDM and the influence of age, sex, metabolic control, diabetes duration, age of diagnosis and anthropometrics parameters on OC and CTx levels. Methods: Serum concentrations of OC and CTX were measured in 60 children (25 boys, 33 girls) with IDDM duration of 5.1 years ± 3.9 (min. 1.0, max. 11.8), aged 15.0 ± 1.9 (11.4-17.8), age of IDDM diagnosis 9.9 ± 3.9 (2.5-17.0), HbA1c in the last year- 7.8 ± 1.7% (5.1-13.6). Control group consisted of 17 healthy, ageand sex-matched children. OC and CTX levels were measured by ECLIA commercial kits. Results: Both OPG and CTx serum levels were lower in diabetic children - but not in a statistically significant way and correlate positively. There were no influence of gender on both OC and CTx levels. Negative correlation was observed between both OC and CTx concentration and age, diabetes duration, metabolic control, pubertal stadium, weight, BMI and fat mass. Both OC and CTx correlate negatively with lean body mass. Age of diagnosis have no influence on OC and CTx levels. Height correlate positively with OC and negatively with CTx. Conclusions: Bone turnover markers both formation (OC) and resorption (CTx) were reduce in adolescents with IDDM. Only lean body mass and partial height increase bone turnover whereas age, puberty status, weight, BMI, fat mass, diabetes duration and poor metabolic control decrease it. Especially the influence of fat mass and metabolic control are important as modifiable parameters. ER  - 
Prevalence of Mauriac syndrome in type 1 DM in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India-an observational retrospective study; Objective: To study the prevalence of Mauriac syndrome in type 1 diabetic patients in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. Methodology: Study design: Retrospective study. No. of subjects: 200. Inclusion criteria: Type 1 diabetic patients in the age group of 11-16 years with an HbA1c level of the range 7.5-9.5% with type 1 DM of more than 5 years. Exclusion Criteria: Type 1 patients with pre established chronic complications due to diabetes and genetic anomalies. The clinical data gathered from various camps which were conducted across the city of Ahmedabad for management and education of type 1 DM patients, was observed retrospectively for anthropometric data (height, weight, BMI, waist and hip) and the pubertal development according to the Tanner's scale of the subjects. A growth chart was plotted. Their laboratory analysis of the previous visits were observed for HbA1c, TSH, Serum Creatinine, lipid profile, C- peptide levels and GAD antibodies if any available. A growth hormone level, IGF1 and serum cortisol level was done for all the patients with growth impairment and delayed puberty along with notable cushingoid features. An ultrasound of abdomen was suggested and carried out for the patients who were highly suspected for hepatomegaly. Results: It was observed that 54% (n = 108) patients had growth retardation. Out of these 27.7% (n = 30) had low GH levels. IGF-1 was significantly below the normal range in 57.4% (n = 62). Cushingoid features were observed in 45 patients. Delayed puberty and dealyed appearance of secondary sexual characteristics was observed in 45% (n = 90). The abdominal USG findings revealed that 14 patients had mild hepatomegaly and 3 more showed significant hepatomegaly. Conclusion: According to this study, 8.5% (n = 17) patients were concluded to have Mauriac syndrome. It was observed to be as a result of poor glycemic control and/or decreased IGF-1 levels. ER  - 
Growth hormone (GH) provocation testing in the assessment of children with disorders of growth-a 16 year experience from one tertiary centre; Introduction: The diagnosis of growth hormone deficiency (GHD) in children and adolescents with short stature and poor growth involves obtaining a relevant clinical history, examination and if indicated pituitary imaging. Confirmation of biochemical GHD is a complex process involving GH provocation testing. Aim: To describe the clinical and biochemical characteristics of patients undergoing GH testing in the last 16 years at one tertiary paediatric endocrine unit. Methods: A retrospective chart review of all the subjects who had undergone GH testing between 1998 to 2013 was performed. Five hundred and ninety-one subjects undertook GH testing; 97 subjects were excluded as their clinical data was unavailable, Data collected included age, height, weight, body mass index, clinical diagnosis as per ESPE diagnostic code, bone age, growth hormone provocation test results (combined arginine-glucagon test), thyroid function, FBC, ESR, coeliac serology, Karyotype, ELFT. Results: The mean ± SD age of subjects was 9.6 ± 4.2 year (age 0.23-19.35); 34.7% were females and 65.3% were males. Within the total group 75.8% of subjects were prepubertal with no statistical significant difference in pubertal status between the GHD and non- GHD groups. 428 subjects (86.6%) had a peak GH response >10 mU/l on GH testing so were classified as non-GHD, The majority of these subjects (48.7%) had idiopathic short stature. 13.4% of them had GHD defined as peak GH level <10 mU/l during both tests. GHD subjects had significantly higher weight and BMI SDS than the ISS non-GHD group (p < 0.0001 by ANOVA between the groups). Summary and conclusion: Only 14% of children were diagnosed with GHD, while 86% of subjects were GH sufficient. Overall these results suggest that the clinical criteria that prompts GH testing has low specificity and sensitivity for diagnosing GHD, so an improved clinical algorithm for ordering GH testing to diagnose GHD in a child with short stature or growth failure appears warranted. ER  - 
Influence of pubertal development and body composition on bone mass accrual in apparently healthy school children aged 6-17 years; Objectives: To evaluate progression of BMD during pubertal development and Influence of body composition and vitamin D on BMD and BMC in children. Material and method: This cross sectional study was part of an ongoing health survey of school children which recruited 1905 apparently healthy school children (835 boys; 1070 girls) in the age group of 6-17 years. After brief history, anthropometry and pubertal assessment, blood samples were collected for measurement of serum 25-hydroxy vitamin D (S.25Vit D) and intact parathyroid hormone (iPTH). Whole body DXA scans were performed using GE Lunar Prodigy scanner. Areal BMD was computed. Fat Mass Index (FMI) was calculated by total fat mass in kg/square of height in meters. Results: The mean age of subjects was 13.27 ± 2.48 years and mean FMI was 5.59 ± 3.1 kg/m2 (boys: 4.65 ± 3.1; girls: 6.5 ± 2.81). Vitamin D deficiency (S.25Vit D <20 ng/ml) was present in 96.8% subjects. BMD and BMC increased progressively with progression of puberty in both boys and girls but maximum gain was observed from pubertal stage 2 to 4. In pre-pubertal children, boys had significantly higher Total BMC and BMD/BMC at spine than girls but Femur Neck (FNBMD/BMC) was not different. Boys showed higher percentage rise in BMD from stage 1 to 5 in comparison to girls. FMI showed significant positive correlation with TBMC; r = 0.40, p = <0.001, lumber spine BMD (LSBMD); r = 0.11, p = <0.001 and with FNBMD; r = 0.13, p = <0.001; but did not show any significant correlation with S.25Vit D or iPTH. Similarly, total lean mass also showed significant positive correlation with TBMC, LSBMD and FNBMD in all subjects as well in all pubertal groups. S.25Vit D was also positively correlated with TBMC (r = 0.13, p = <0.001), LSBMD (r = 0.15, p = <0.001) and FNBMD (r = 0.06, p = 0.006). Conclusion: BMD progressively increases during pubertal development with maximum gain occurring between pubertal stages 2 and 4. FMI is positively correlated with BMD/BMC all three sites. ER  - 
Endometrial cancer and risk factors in North of Iran; Background: Endometrial cancer is the most common type of malignancy in female reproductive system. Our aim is to report the risk factors associated with endometrial cancer and clinical staging&grading of the disease. Methods: In this Cross-Sectional study, 75 patients with diagnosed endometrial cancer, being admitted to surgical ward of Rouhani Hospital or Shahid rajaii Hospital for medical treatments from 2007 through 2012 year. Risk factors of endometrial cancer and reports of pathology were assessed. Data was processed by SPSS. Findings: Frequency of diabetes, hypertension and obesity were showed 36%, 26.7% and 85.3% in orderly. The mean number of abortion and delivery were consequent 0.47, 3.71. Mean age of menarche was 13.73 year and most frequent age of first delivery was 19-24 year old. 33.3% of patients had been menopause under 39 years of age. 4% had a history of breast cancer and usage of Tamoxifen. Only 8% had a history of irregularities menstruation. 58 of patients were in stage1 and 17 were other stages. 77.2% of patients have endometrioid and 13 patients were suffered by sarcoma. Conclusions: From the risk factors being assessed, times of delivery and abortion, lower age of menarche and menopause and at the first delivery have been appeared to be associated with a significantly higher risk of endometrial cancer. Findings of our study provide useful information about well-known risk factors and thus for future surveillance programming. ER  - 
Pediatric liver transplant recipients (PLTX) have a different form of pre-diabetes, with decreased β-cell function rather than insulin resistance; Introduction: PLTx have not been previously been evaluated for pre-diabetes (defined by the ADA as impaired glucose tolerance (IGT; ≥140mg/dL 2 hrs after glucose load) or high fasting glucose (>100mg/dL)), despite a known risk with calcineurin- inhibitors (CNI). Methods: Cross-sectional study of PLTx aged 8-30 yrs, on stable immunosuppression without diabetes, with oral glucose tolerance testing (OGTT) by NHANES protocol. Patients matched by age, sex, and race/ethnicity with ≤4 controls from NHANES 2009-2012 cohorts. Results: PLTx (n=78) were studied at mean age 15.9 yrs (range 8.1-30.2) and mean 11.2 yrs since transplant (range 1-24). PLTx were more likely to have IGT (29%,n=72) than matched NHANES controls (6.5%,n=292, p<0.001). There was no difference in prevalence of high fasting glucose (19% PLTx vs. 21% controls, p=0.65). Compared to controls with IGT, PLTx with IGT had lower fasting insulin, less insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), and diminished pancreatic β-cell function (HOMA-%B) (Table). Only 1 of the 21 PLTx with IGT also had high fasting glucose; 12 of 19 controls with IGT had high fasting glucose. IGT was more prevalent in PLTx on corticosteroids (67%, n=6) but was also seen in 26% of PLTx not taking steroids (n=66, p=0.04). PLTx remained more likely than controls to have IGT (OR 5.61, 95% CI 2.64-11.92, p<0.001) after adjusting for overweight/ obesity (OR 1.57, 95% CI 0.76-3.27, p=0.23) and steroid immunosuppression (OR 4.84, 95% CI 0.79-29.62, p=0.09). In multivariate analysis of PLTx, IGT was associated with past CNI exposure (OR 2.27, 95% CI 1.04-4.95, p=0.04 per 7.5 yrs of CNI exposure) and current steroid use (OR 9.05, 95% CI 1.31-62.61, p=0.03). Neither IGT nor high fasting glucose were associated with age, CNI type or trough on day of visit, race, Latino ethnicity, obesity, Tanner stage, transplant indication or type, or family history of diabetes. Conclusion: Pre-diabetes is common in PLTx, with IGT more common than in matched peers. CNIs and steroids are risk factors. IGT without high fasting glucose may reflect β-cell impairment with inadequate insulin response to a glucose load, rather than obesity- or steroid-related insulin resistance. (Table Presented). ER  - 
TriGlycerides and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio compared with homeostasis model assessment insulin resistance indexes in screening for metabolic syndrome in the chinese obese children: A cross section study; Background: Metabolic Syndrome (MS) is prevalant in China, especially according to the pediatric obesity group. Based on the MS-CHN2012 definition for Chinese children and adolescents the need to explore and establish a convienent MS screening become imminent. This study aims to investigate the optimal cut-off values, compare the accuracy for the (TriGlycerides (TG) to High-Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol (HDL-C)) (TG/HDL-C) ratio and Homeostasis Model Assessment Insulin Resistance (HOMA-IR) indexs to identify Metabolic Syndrome in obese pediatric population in China. Method: A total sample of 976 children (female286 male690, BMI > =95percentile) aged from 6-16 years underwent a medical assessment including a physical examination and investigations of total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein, low-density lipoprotein, triglycerides, insulin, glucose, and oral glucose tolerance test to identify the components of Metabolic Syndrome. The validity and accuracy between TG/HDL-C ratio and HOMA-IR were compared by Receiver Operating Characteristics analysis (ROC). Result: TG/HDL-C ratio achieved a larger ROC Area under Curve (AUC = 0.843) than HOMA-IR indexes (0.640, 0.625 for HOMA1-IR, HOMA2-IR respectively) to screen for Metabolic Syndrome. The cut-off values for MS were: TG/HDL-C ratio > 1.25 (sensitivity: 80 %; specificity: 75 %), HOMA1-IR > 4.59 (sensitivity: 58.7 %; specificity: 65.5 %) and HOMA2-IR > 2.76 (sensitivity: 53.2 %; specificity: 69.5 %). The results kept robust after stratified by gender, age group and pubertal stage. Discussion: TG/HDL-C ratio was a better indicator than the HOMA-IR to screen for a positive diagnosis for MS. Furthermore, the TG/HDL-C ratio was superior to the HOMA-IR indexes even after the control of possible confusions from the gender, age group and puberty stage. Conclusion: TG/HDL-C ratio proved a better index than HOMA-IR in screening for MS in obese children and adolescents. TG/HDL-C ratio has a discriminatory power in detecting potential MS in the Chinese obese pediatric population. ER  - 
Soluble RAGE and atherosclerosis in youth with type 1 diabetes: A 5-year follow-up study; Background: Advanced glycation end products (AGEs) play a role in the development of late complications and atherosclerosis in diabetes by engaging the receptor for advanced glycation end products, RAGE. Receptor binding leads to activation of the vascular endothelium and increased inflammation in the vessel wall. The soluble variants of the receptor, endogenous secretory RAGE (esRAGE) and the cleaved cell-surface part of RAGE, which together comprise soluble RAGE (sRAGE), are suggested to have a protective effect acting as decoys for RAGE. We aimed to test whether high levels of soluble variants of RAGE could be protective against atherosclerosis development. Methods: Participants in the prospective atherosclerosis and childhood diabetes study were examined at baseline (aged 8-18) and at follow-up after 5years. Both sRAGE and esRAGE were measured by immunoassay in 299 patients with type 1 diabetes and 112 healthy controls at baseline and 241 patients and 128 controls at follow-up. The AGEs methylglyoxal-derived hydroimidazolone-1 (MG-H1) and carboxymethyllysine (CML) were measured by immunoassay. The surrogate markers of atherosclerosis assessed were carotid intima-media thickness (cIMT), C-reactive protein (CRP) and Young's modulus, measures of arterial wall thickness, inflammation and arterial stiffness, respectively. Results: Levels of sRAGE and esRAGE correlated strongly both at baseline and at follow-up in both diabetes patients and controls. With increasing age, mean values of both variants declined, independent of gender, diabetes or pubertal stage. In the diabetes group, multiple regression analysis showed a positive association between both variants of soluble RAGE and cIMT. There was no significant relationship with Young's modulus, but a negative association between sRAGE at baseline and CRP at follow-up. The ratios between the AGEs and the variants of soluble RAGE were increased in diabetes patients compared to controls. Conclusions: The results show a possible protective effect of high levels of sRAGE at baseline against inflammation 5years later, but not on arterial stiffness or wall thickness, in this cohort of adolescents and young adults with T1D. ER  - 
Associations of pubertal stage and body mass index with cardiometabolic risk in Hong Kong Chinese children: A cross-sectional study; Background: Puberty is associated with a clustering of cardiometabolic risk factors (CMRFs) during adolescence that are manifested in later life. Although anthropometric variables such as body mass index (BMI) can predict cardiometabolic risk in children and adolescents, it is not clear whether there is an interaction between pubertal stage and BMI associated with cardiometabolic risk in this age group. This paper examines the association of pubertal stage and BMI with CMRFs in Hong Kong Chinese children. Methods: A cross-sectional school-based study was conducted among 1985 (95.1 %) students aged 6 to 18 years. Fasting lipid profile and plasma glucose, blood pressure, body weight, body height and waist circumference were measured. A self-reported pubertal stage questionnaire was used to assess pubertal stage of participants. Two cardiometabolic risk scores, alpha and beta, were constructed to quantify cardiometabolic risk. Cardiometabolic risk score alpha refers to the sum of z-scores of sex-specific, age-adjusted waist circumference, height-adjusted systolic and diastolic blood pressure, fasting plasma glucose, triglyceride and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and minus z-score of sex-specific age-adjusted high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. Cardiometabolic risk score beta includes all components of risk score alpha except waist circumference. Results: The interaction of BMI z-score (ZBMI) and pubertal stage demonstrated a further increase in variance explained in both the cardiometabolic risk scores alpha and beta (0.5 % and 0.8 % respectively) in boys and (0.7 % and 0.5 % respectively) in girls. Conclusions: Pubertal stage has an interaction effect on the association of cardiometabolic risk by BMI in boys and may have a similar but lesser effect in girls. ER  - 
Hypertension outcomes in metabolically unhealthy normal-weight and metabolically healthy obese children and adolescents; Metabolically healthy obesity (MHO) begins in childhood and continues into adulthood. However, the association between MHO and the risk of developing hypertension remains controversial. A prospective cohort study was conducted to investigate the risk of hypertension in MHO and metabolically unhealthy normal-weight (MUNW) Chinese children and adolescents. A total of 1183 participants, 6-18 years old at baseline with normal blood pressure values, were studied using follow-up data from the cohort of the Beijing Child and Adolescent Metabolic Syndrome (BCAMS) study. The participants were classified according to the body mass index and the presence/absence of metabolic abnormality, which was defined by metabolic syndrome (MetS) or insulin resistance (IR). During the 6-year follow-up period, 239 (20.2%) participants developed incident hypertension. After adjusting for age, sex, physical activity, pubertal stage, dietary habits and family history of hypertension, an increased risk for hypertension was observed in the MHO individuals (risk ratio, RRMetS 5.42; 95% confidence interval (CI) 3.19-9.22 and RRIR 7.59; 95% CI 1.64-35.20) compared with their metabolically healthy normal-weight counterparts. Independent of the definition of metabolic abnormality, the MUNW subjects did not have an elevated incidence of hypertension. These results suggest that the risk of developing hypertension is increased in the MHO but not in the MUNW individuals. ER  - 
Relationship between vitamin D receptor (VDR) polymorphisms and the efficacy of recombinant human growth hormone (rhGH) treatment in children with idiopathic short stature; Polymorphisms in the vitamin D receptor (VDR) gene are associated with idiopathic short stature (ISS) in several countries. This study aimed to identify a possible correlation between polymorphisms in the VDR promoter in Chinese children with ISS and the efficacy of the recombinant human growth hormone (rhGH) treatment. Pre-pubertal children with ISS and healthy age- and gender-matched children (N = 95 each) were enrolled in this study. Two single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in the VDR promoter (rs11568820 at the Cdx-2-binding site upstream of exon 1e and rs4516035 at -1012 upstream of exon 1a) were typed. The growth velocity, standard deviation score (SDS) of height for chronological age, height SDS for bone age, predicted adult height, and serum insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) and IGF-binding protein 3 (IGFBP-3) levels of the ISS patients were determined before and 6 months after rhGH treatment. No significant differences were observed in the genotype frequencies between the ISS cases and controls. After rhGH treatment, the growth velocity of the A/G genotype at the Cdx-2-binding site SNP locus was significantly higher than that of the G/G genotype; the IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 levels were also higher in the treated group than the untreated group. However, these changes were independent of the VDR-promoter genotype. Polymorphisms in the VDR promoter may not result in the pathogenesis of ISS in Chinese children. The A/G genotype showed a significantly higher growth velocity than the G/G genotype, and may represent a short-term marker of growth potential. ER  - 
Association of serum uric acid levels to inflammation biomarkers and endothelial dysfunction in obese prepubertal children; Background: High serum uric acid (SUA) levels are present in patients with metabolic syndrome (MetS), when the latter is associated with endothelial dysfunction, inflammation, and hypertension. This increase in SUA levels may have a key role in cardiovascular diseases. Objective: We aim to quantify the differences in inflammation biomarkers, endothelial dysfunction, and parameters associated with MetS in obese prepubertal children compared to non-obese children, and determine if there is a relationship between uric acid levels and these variables. Methods: A cross-sectional study was carried out on obese children (6-9yr old). The study included 43 obese children and the same number of non-obese children (control group), matched by age and sex. SUA, C-reactive protein (CRP), interleukin-6 (IL-6), soluble intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (sICAM-1), glucose, insulin, lipid profile, and blood pressure were all measured. Results: SUA levels, CRP, and sICAM-1 were significantly higher in obese children. In the obese group, SUA levels showed a positive correlation with body mass index (BMI), insulin, homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), CRP, IL-6, sICAM-1, and triglycerides (TGs), and correlated negatively with high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and Apo-AI, but not with Apo-B. When adjusted for age, sex, and creatinine, it was noted that SUA levels are independent predictive factors for sICAM-1, CRP, and IL-6. Conclusions: Inflammation biomarkers, endothelial dysfunction, and parameters associated with MetS are elevated in obese prepubertal children and correlate to uric acid levels. ER  - 
Relationship between pituitary stalk (PS) visibility and the severity of hormone deficiencies: PS interruption syndrome revisited; Context Pituitary stalk interruption syndrome (PSIS) is a rare cause of combined pituitary hormone deficiency characterized by a triad shown in pituitary imaging, yet it has never been evaluated due to the visibility of pituitary stalk (PS) in imaging findings. Objective The major objective of the study was to systematically describe the disease including clinical presentations, imaging findings and to estimate the severity of anterior pituitary hormone deficiency based on the visibility of the PS. Methods This was a retrospective study including 74 adult patients with PSIS in Shanghai Clinical Center for Endocrine and Metabolic Diseases between January 2010 and June 2014. Sixty had invisible PS according to the findings on MRI, while the rest had a thin or intersected PS. Basic characteristics and hormonal status were compared. Results Of the 74 patients with PSIS, age at diagnosis was 25 (22-28) years. Absent pubertal development (97·3%) was the most common presenting symptom, followed by short stature. Insulin tolerance test (ITT) and gonadotrophin-releasing hormone (GnRH) stimulation test were used to evaluate the function of anterior pituitary. The prevalence of isolated deficiency in growth hormone (GH), gonadotrophins, corticotrophin and thyrotrophin were 100%, 97·2%, 88·2% and 70·3%, respectively. Although the ratio of each deficiency did not vary between patients with invisible PS and with visible PS, panhypopituitarism occurred significantly more frequent in patients with invisible PS. Patients with invisible PS had significantly lower levels of luteinizing hormone (LH), follicle stimulation hormone (FSH) and hormones from targeted glands including morning cortisol, 24-h urine free cortisol, free triiodothyronine (FT3), free thyroxine (FT4) and testosterone (T) in male than patients with visible PS. Moreover, patients with invisible PS had lower peak LH and FSH in GnRH stimulation test, and higher peak cortisol in ITT while peak GH remained unchanged between two groups. Conclusions The prevalence of multiple anterior pituitary hormone deficiency was high in adult patients with PSIS. And more importantly, we found the visibility of PS shown on MRI might be an indication of the severity of PSIS. ER  - 
Age and markers of Leydig cell function, but not of Sertoli cell function predict the success of sperm retrieval in adolescents and adults with Klinefelter's syndrome; Microsurgical testicular sperm extraction (mTESE), combined with intracytoplasmic sperm injection (ICSI) represents a chance for azoospermic men with Klinefelter′s syndrome (KS) to father children. The objective of this study was to identify predictive factors for the success of mTESE from adolescents and adults with KS. The clinical data of 50 late pubertal adolescents (13-19 years) and 85 adult patients (20-61 years) with non-mosaic KS, who underwent mTESE, were analysed with respect to factors, potentially predictive of active spermatogenesis; specifically a history of cryptorchidism, age, testicular volumes, serum levels of LH, FSH, testosterone (T) and estradiol at the time of surgery. Inhibin B, AMH and INSL3 were additionally analysed in the adolescents. A younger age and a near-compensated Leydig cell function were associated with higher success of sperm retrieval via mTESE: In adolescents ≥15-19 years, spermatozoa were retrieved in 45%, compared to 31% in adults; in adolescents aged 13-14 years, spermatozoa were collected in only 10%. Adolescents with an LH ≤17.5 U/L, along with a T level ≥7.5 nmol/L had the best success rate (54%), which fell to 44% with higher LH, whereas those with low T (<7.5 nmol/L), irrespective of LH had no sperm retrieval. In adults with T levels above and LH below these thresholds, the success rate was 51%, falling to 19%, if LH was higher. When T was lower than threshold, the rate was 17%. No association between testicular volumes, serum levels of FSH, Inhibin B, AMH, estradiol and mTESE success was found. A history of cryptorchidism was associated with lower retrieval rates. A window of opportunity for an approximate 50% chance to retrieve spermatozoa via mTESE exists for young, late pubertal KS patients between age 15 and young adulthood, when Leydig cell function is at its best. In these cases, referral to a centre of expertise should be considered. ER  - 
The effect of obesity and type 1 diabetes on renal function in children and adolescents; Background: Early signs of renal complications can be common in youths with type 1 diabetes (T1D). Recently, there has been an increasing interest in potential renal complications associated with obesity, paralleling the epidemics of this condition, although there are limited data in children. Hypothesis: Obese children and adolescents present signs of early alterations in renal function similar to non-obese peers with T1D. Subjects: Eighty-three obese (age: 11.6±3.0yr), 164 non-obese T1D (age: 12.4±3.2yr), and 71 non-obese control (age: 12.3±3.2yr) children and adolescents were enrolled in the study. Methods: Anthropometric parameters and blood pressure were measured. Renal function was assessed by albumin excretion rate (AER), serum cystatin C, creatinine and estimated glomerular filtration rate (e-GFR), calculated using the Bouvet's formula. Results: Obese and non-obese T1D youths had similar AER [8.9(5.9-10.8) vs. 8.7(5.9-13.1) μg/min] and e-GFR levels (114.8±19.6 vs. 113.4±19.1mL/min), which were higher than in controls [AER: 8.1(5.9-8.7) μg/min, e-GFR: 104.7±18.9mL/min]. Prevalence of microalbuminuria and hyperfiltration was similar between obese and T1D youths and higher than their control peers (6.0 vs. 8.0 vs. 0%, p=0.02; 15.9 vs. 15.9 vs. 4.3%, p=0.03, respectively). Body mass index (BMI) z-score was independently related to e-GFR (r=0.328; p<0.001), and AER (r=0.138; p=0.017). Hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) correlated with AER (r=0.148; p=0.007) but not with eGFR (r=0.041; p=0.310). Conclusions: Obese children and adolescents show early alterations in renal function, compared to normal weight peers, and they have similar renal profiles than age-matched peers with T1D. ER  - 
Increasing maternal prepregnancy body mass index is associated with reduced insulin sensitivity and increased blood pressure in their children; Objective We aimed to assess the effects of maternal prepregnancy body mass index (BMI) on insulin sensitivity, metabolism and blood pressure in the offspring. Methods We studied 70 prepubertal children aged 8·9 ± 1·9 years (range 4-11 years), born 38-40 weeks of gestation and appropriate-for-gestational-age birthweight. Maternal prepregnancy body mass index (MPP BMI) was calculated from self-reported weight. Children's insulin sensitivity was measured using intravenous glucose tolerance tests and Bergman's minimal model. Other clinical assessments included auxology, fasting lipid and hormonal profiles, DXA-derived body composition and 24-h ambulatory blood pressure monitoring. Data were analysed using random effect mixed models, adjusting for important confounders and a random factor to account for sibling clusters. Results Increasing MPP BMI was correlated with increasing BMI standard deviation scores (SDS) (r = 0·30; P = 0·012) and lower insulin sensitivity in their children (r = -0·34; P = 0·004). In multivariate regression models, increasing MPP BMI was associated with lower insulin sensitivity (β = -0·040; P = 0·005), with every 1 kg/m2 increase in MPP BMI associated with a 4·0% decrease in offspring insulin sensitivity. Greater MPP BMI was associated with higher systolic blood pressure in the daytime (β = 0·794; P = 0·010) and night-time (β = 0·800; P = 0·017), as well as higher 24-h mean arterial pressure (β = 0·508; P = 0·025) in the offspring. Conclusion Greater maternal prepregnancy BMI is associated with lower insulin sensitivity and higher blood pressure in their children, effects that were independent of offspring adiposity. Thus, higher maternal BMI prior to pregnancy (even among women of normal BMI) may contribute to increased risk of type 2 diabetes and other metabolic diseases in the subsequent generation. ER  - 
Acute decrease in serum testosterone after a mixed glucose and protein beverage in obese peripubertal boys; Background and objectives Delayed puberty and lower levels of testosterone (T) have been observed in adult obese males and some adolescent males. In adult men, enteral glucose ingestion results in acute lowering of serum testosterone levels; however, this has not been studied in adolescents. We aimed to examine the acute effect of a glucose/protein beverage on serum T concentration changes in obese peripubertal males. A second objective was to determine whether change in T concentration was related to appetite hormone levels. Patients and methods Twenty-three overweight and obese males aged 8-17 in pre-early (Tanner stage 1-2) and mid-late (Tanner stage 3-5) puberty were included in this cross-sectional study at the Clinical investigative unit at the Hospital for Sick Children. Participants consumed a beverage containing glucose and protein, and blood samples measuring pubertal hormones, ghrelin and glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) were taken over 60 min. Results Across pubertal stages, there was a significant decrease in T levels in adolescent boys (-18·6 ± 3·1%, P < 0·01) with no proportional differences between pre-early and mid-late puberty (P = 0·09). Decrease in T was associated with a decrease in LH (r = 0·52, P = 0·02), and fasting T was inversely correlated with fasting ghrelin (r = -0·51, P = 0·03) with no correlation with GLP-1. Conclusions Intake of a mixed glucose/protein beverage acutely decreases T levels in overweight and obese peripubertal boys. A potential mechanism for this decrease may be secondary to an acute decrease in LH, but this requires further evaluation. ER  - 
Spectrum of clinical presentations and endocrinological findings of patients with septo-optic dysplasia: A retrospective study; Background: Septo-optic dysplasia (SOD) is a rare condition with variable clinical pictures and spectrum of findings. Objective: To analyze the spectrum of findings, frequency and age of onset of hypothalamic-pituitary dysfunctions in children with SOD. Method: A retrospective electronic medical record (EMR) chart review was done for patients with SOD seen in a tertiary care center's pediatric endocrinology clinic between January 1, 2012, and March 31, 2014. The diagnostic criteria for SOD included presence of ≥2 of the following: (i) optic nerve hypoplasia, (ii) agenesis/hypoplasia of septum pellucidum and/or corpus callosum and (iii) hypothalamic-pituitary dysfunction. Results: Eighty patients fitting the diagnostic criteria of SOD were included in this study. The majority of patients (96%) had optic nerve hypoplasia on magnetic resonance imaging and were diagnosed due to visual issues including nystagmus (36%) or strabismus (13.8%). Hypothalamic-pituitary dysfunction was most common (51%) when optic nerve hypoplasia was present with (36%) or without (15%) dysgenesis of septum pellucidum and/or corpus callosum compared to dysgenesis of septum pellucidum and/or corpus callosum alone (4%). Hypothalamic-pituitary dysfunction was noted in 55% of patients, and most (86%) were diagnosed ≤2 years of age. Central hypothyroidism and growth hormone deficiency were most common followed by secondary/tertiary adrenal insufficiency and diabetes insipidus. Conclusions: The risk of hypothalamic-pituitary dysfunction in SOD is highest ≤2 years of age and when both optic nerve hypoplasia and dysgenesis of septum pellucidum/corpus callosum are present, suggesting a need for more frequent follow-up and screening tests for hypothalamic-pituitary dysfunction in these patients. ER  - 
Clinical and molecular characterization of five Spanish kindreds with X-linked adrenal hypoplasia congenita: Atypical findings and a novel mutation in NR0B1; Background: X-linked adrenal hypoplasia congenita (AHC) is caused by NR0B1 (DAX1) gene mutations. Affected male children suffer from adrenal insufficiency, leading to a salt-wasting crisis in early infancy and hypogonadotropic hypogonadism in adulthood. Objective: To characterize clinically and at the molecular level a cohort of Spanish patients with AHC. Patients and methods: Nine boys (from five families) with AHC were screened for NR0B1 mutations. Clinical and endocrine evaluations were recorded. Results: NR0B1 gene mutations were found in all analyzed patients, one of them being novel (p.Gln305∗). One patient presented with preserved hypothalamic-pituitary-gonadal axis. Salt-wasting episodes, delayed puberty, and hypogonadotropic hypogonadism were common, although no association was observed between AHC phenotype and genetic mutations. None of the patients has had descendants. Conclusions: AHC phenotype cannot be predicted based on genetic results as there is no definite genotype-phenotype relationship, including intrafamilial variability. Nevertheless, genetic testing for NR0B1 mutations is indicated if there is a suspicion of an X-linked adrenal insufficiency in order to proceed with the appropriate therapy and genetic counseling. ER  - 
Assessment and relation of total and regional fat mass with bone mineral content among Indian urban adolescents; Background: Fat mass (FM) has been shown to have an effect on bone mass accrual. Though gender and ethnic differences in body composition and bone accrual during puberty have been reported, there are limited data available for Indian children and adolescents. Objective: To generate age and gender based percentile charts of FM among urban Indian children and adolescents and to evaluate the relationship with pubertal status and bone mineral content (BMC). Subjects: There were 1403 children and adolescents (boys: 826; girls: 577) in the study. Methods: Total and regional FM, BMC, and pubertal staging were assessed. Fat mass index (FMI), FM/height ratio and BMC/FM ratio, were calculated. Results: The age of the study population ranged from 5 to 18 years, with a mean age of 13.2±2.7 years (boys: 13.0±2.7; girls: 13.4±2.8 years). Total and regional FM as well as FMI increased with increasing age in both genders. The highest percent increase in mean total FM occurred in the age group >8-11 years and decreased thereafter. The total and regional FM was higher in more advanced stages of pubertal maturation. There was no difference in total and regional FM between genders in prepubertal group. The age and pubertal associated increase in FM was significantly higher in girls than boys (p<0.0001). Total as well as regional FM and FMI were positively correlated with age, body mass index, total lean mass, and BMC even after adjusting for age, lean mass, and biochemical parameters. Conclusions: Total and regional FM increased with age and pubertal maturation in both genders. FM was positively correlated with BMC. ER  - 
Long-Term Safety of Paliperidone Extended Release in Adolescents with Schizophrenia: An Open-Label, Flexible Dose Study; Objective: The purpose of this study was to evaluate the long-term safety and tolerability of paliperidone extended-release (ER) in adolescents with schizophrenia. Methods: This was a 2 year open-label, multicenter study in adolescents (12-17 years of age, inclusive) with schizophrenia. Eligible patients were initially treated with 6 mg/day paliperidone ER, and the dose could be adjusted between 1.5 and 12 mg/day based on clinical need. Safety parameters were treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs), weight, Tanner staging, blood chemistry (including prolactin, glucose, insulin, and lipid levels), and extrapyramidal symptom (EPS) scales. The main efficacy end-point was change from baseline to endpoint in Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale for Schizophrenia (PANSS) total score. Results: Of 400 enrolled patients (mean age, 15.4 years; boys, 61%), 220 were completers. Median (range) exposure was 604.5 (2-765) days. TEAEs were reported in 85.3% of patients; most frequently reported TEAEs included somnolence, increased weight, headache, insomnia, nasopharyngitis, akathisia, schizophrenia exacerbation, and tremor. No deaths were reported. There were no clinically significant mean changes in growth-adjusted z score for change in weight, height, or body mass index (BMI). Tanner ratings showed normal maturation. Most frequently occurring EPS-related events were related to Parkinsonism (15.5%) and hyperkinesia (13.8%). No cases of tardive dyskinesia were reported. Hyperprolactinemia (based on laboratory values) was noted in 56% of patients and 9.3% of patients had prolactin-related TEAEs. A low percentage of patients (4.3%, n=14) had a shift from normal or impaired fasting glucose to high levels. Mean (SD) decrease (improvement) in PANSS total score from baseline to end-point was-19.1 (21.89). The majority of patients had a ≥20% improvement in PANSS total score (responders) from initial treatment with paliperidone ER. Overall, 41.7% of patients achieved remission during the study. Conclusions: Paliperidone ER was generally tolerable, and exhibited efficacy in the maintenance treatment of schizophrenia in adolescents in this large 2 year study. ER  - 
Prevalence of coronary artery disease risk factors and metabolic syndrome in children with high-risk heart disease; Purpose: Most children with high-risk heart disease are now expected to survive to adulthood, but their cardiac anomalies may place them at higher risk for coronary artery disease (CAD). Since knowledge of the prevalence of modifiable CAD risk factors in children may enable earlier intervention, we sought to determine the prevalence of CAD risk factors in children with high-risk heart disease. Methods: Children (age 8-19 years) with high-risk heart disease defined as Kawasaki disease (KD, N=36) or severe forms of congenital heart disease (CHD) including single ventricle physiology (15), >1 cardiac surgery requiring bypass (60), prosthetic cardiac valves (13), and repaired coarctation (69) were prospectively recruited for this cross- sectional study. Clinical history, anthropometric measurements, blood pressure, and fasting cholesterol, triglycerides, glucose, insulin, and high sensitivity-CRP were collected. Obesity (BMI >95%ile), cholesterol levels, and systolic blood pressure (SBP) were compared with age-group-matched summaries extracted from National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) publications (1999-2012). Similar to NHANES publications, subjects were categorized as pre-pubertal (8-11 years) or pubertal (12-19 years). Subgroup analyses were performed for KD and coarctation. Relative risk (RR) ratios were calculated within each age group and pooled using the Cochran- Mantel-Haenszel method to obtain overall RR. Metabolic syndrome was defined by criteria from 2011 NHLBI/AAP recommendations. Results: Of 174 subjects (106 male, 61%) enrolled between 2011 and 2014, 147 (84%) were pubertal, and 138 (79%) had CHD. Histories were positive for smoking in 3 subjects and diabetes in 1. Family histories were positive for premature CAD in 60 (34%) and hypercholesterolemia in 107 (61%). The prevalence of obesity and total cholesterol ≥200 mg/dl were lower in the study group compared with NHANES data (Table). The prevalence of hypertension and HDL cholesterol <40 mg/dl were higher in the heart disease group. There was no significant difference between the study group and the NHANES data for non-HDL cholesterol ≥145 mg/dl. Five (3%) subjects met criteria for metabolic syndrome. There were no differences in RR between pre-pubertal and pubertal subjects for any risk factor. All parameters were similar between KD and CHD subjects. Subjects with coarctation were more likely to have SBP >95%ile (RR 2.13, 95% CI: 1.10-4.14) compared with those without coarctation. Conclusion: The prevalence of low HDL cholesterol and hypertension was higher in children with high-risk heart disease compared with national data. Elevated SBP was more common in patients with coarctation. The low prevalence of obesity and insulin resistance in the heart disease group may contribute to the low prevalence of metabolic syndrome. Programs to address CAD risk in this group should target interventions to increase HDL and control blood pressure. (Table Presented). ER  - 
X chromosome gene dosage and the risk of developing congenital and acquired traits in turner syndrome: A cross-sectional database analysis of the French national rare disease network; Background: The broad spectrum of associated diseases underlying the diverse phenotypes of patients with Turner syndrome (TS) has been extensively described. However, the underlying pathophysiological mechanisms remain unknown. Few studies have analyzed congenital and acquired diseases as a function of karyotype, and conflicting results have been obtained, calling into question the role of haploinsufficiency for genes located on the X chromosome. Objective: To investigate the effect of X chromosome gene dosage on the risk of developing congenital and acquired diseases, analysing a large database of patients with TS as a function of karyotype subgroup. Method: Congenital and acquired diseases were evaluated in 1536 and 993 patients, respectively, and analyzed, by karyotype subgroup, at a median age of 18.9 (16.1-25.3) years (similar for all karyotype subgroups), in this large observational cohort study. Results: Congenital heart and kidney malformations were more prevalent among 45X (27 vs 15%) and 45X, XrX, isoXq (25 vs 14%) patients, respectively, than among patients with mosaicism or with a Y chromosome. The cumulative incidence of acquired traits increased with age, and at 20 years, the highest prevalences were associated with isoXq for autoimmune thyroid diseases (31% (24;38)), isoXq and XrX for celiac disease (10% (6-17)) and isoXq, XrX and 45X for hearing loss (31% (27;35)). Lipid abnormalities were most prevalent among patients with XrX or a Y chromosome (24% (17;34)) and glucose intolerance or type 2 diabetes most prevalent among patients with XrX (12% (6;24)). Patients with XrX were more likely to have poor academic skills and those with mosaicism (45X/46XX) were more likely to display spontaneous puberty. Conclusion: Phenotypic traits are related to karyotype in TS, highlighting the importance of the effect of gene dosage for genes located on the X chromosome. Further studies are required to determine the genetic mechanisms underlying TS pathogenesis. ER  - 
A feasibility study of intra-gastric balloons (supported by a lifestyle programme) for the treatment of severe adolescent obesity: The (bob) study; Rationale: Although many adolescents meet the NICE criteria for bariatric surgery in the UK, there is a reluctance to undertake or commission irreversible procedures in young people. Balloons are temporary, reversible, safer and in adults have been shown to promote a clinically significant change in BMI of between 4.0 and 9.0 kg/m2. However due to subsequent weight regain, bypass surgery is preferred in adults. In adolescents, more amenable to change, balloons may potentially be more effective. Objectives: i) To assess the efficacy of the intragastric balloon ( in situ for 6 months) supported by a lifestyle intervention to promote weight loss in severely obese adolescents. ii) To assess the impact of the weight loss on biomedical outcomes such as glucose metabolism, lipid profiles, bone density and architecture, and on psychosocial health. Methodology: A cohort study of 12 adolescents (BMI >3.5 SD, Tanner stage 4 or above) with a 2-year follow up. All subjects took part in a comprehensive medical assessment including OGTT's, measurement of basal and stimulated incretins, bone turnover markers, DEXA scans and high resolution peripheral quantitative CT scans at 0.6 and 24 months. Results: Twelve young people (seven girls) were recruited. The median age, weight, BMI and BMI SDS were 15.7 years, 136.55 kg (range 107.6-178.9), 46.6 kg/m2 (range 39.2-56.3) and +4.1 (range 3.6-4.5) respectively. Mean weight loss at 6 months (balloon removal) was 7.1 kg, whilst the mean weight loss was 5% of total body weight (range -12.7% to 1%). Balloon removals were completed in March 2014 and 24-month follow up is on-going. Improvement in co-morbidities (blood pressure and insulin resistance) and in quality of life was been noted. Bone density was unaffected. ER  - 
Intrauterine growth restriction is associated with greater severity in childhood obesity-associated metabolic impairment and poorer adult height prediction; Background: Intrauterine growth influences the risk of childhood obesity and its associated metabolic derangement. Objective and hypotheses: To investigate the effect of intrauterine growth (as shown by newborn anthropometry) on physical and metabolic features in obese children and adolescents. Method: A retrospective study of 1049 obese children and adolescents (46.8% females/53.2% males; age: 10.31±3.23 years; BMI: +4.00±1.95 SDS; 54.9% prepubertal/45.1% pubertal) was performed. Groups were compared according to gestational age adjusted newborn anthropometry: adequate (AGA, n=810), small (SGA, n=73) or large (LGA, n=166). Studied variables: age at obesity onset, age at first visit; bone age (Greulich & Pyle), adult height prediction (Bailey & Pinneau); IGF1, IGFBP-3, BMI-SDS, glucose, insulin, HOMA, cholesterol (total, HDL, LDL, VLDL), triglycerides, area under the curve (AUC) for glucose and for insulin in the OGTT (n=638); LDL/HDL and triglyceride/HDL ratios. Results: SGA prevalence was 6.3%. No patient received rGH treatment (spontaneous catch-up growth). No inter-group differences were observed in age, BMI-SDS, sex or pubertal distribution. LGA were taller and SGA smaller than AGA (P<0.001) with the later showing more advanced skeletal maturation (P<0.05) that resulted in a poorer adult height prediction (P<0.001), despite similar IGF1 and IGFBP3 levels. No other differences were found between LGA and AGA. In contrast, SGA had lower 25-OH-vitamin D levels (P<0.05) and more severe impairment of carbohydrate metabolism with higher fasting glucose (P<0.01), HOMA and AUCs for glucose and insulin in the OGTT than the two other groups (all P<0.05). When compared exclusively with AGA, SGA patients also had higher triglycerides and triglyceride/HDL ratio (both P<0.05). Conclusion: i) Restriction of intrauterine growth, as shown by SGA anthropometry, and spontaneous catch-up growth are associated to a higher frequency and severity of obesity-associated metabolic comorbidities. ii) Obese children born SGA with spontaneous catch-up growth exhibit poorer adult height prediction than those born AGA or LGA. ER  - 
Primary adrenal insufficiency in children without congenital adrenal hyperplasia: Molecular and clinical characterisation of a nationwide cohort; Background: Primary adrenal insufficiency (PAI) is a potentially life-threatening condition that requires accurate diagnosis and urgent treatment. Congenital adrenal hyperplasia is the most common cause of PAI in children. Non-CAH causes of PAI are relatively rare. Although several molecular causes have been found, it is emerging that considerable overlap in the clinical and biochemical features of these conditions exists. Objective and hypotheses: We investigated the clinical and molecular characteristics of a national cohort of 96 children (45 females, aged between 0-18 years, eight familial) with non-CAH PAI of unknown aetiology recruited from 22 paediatric endocrinology clinics in Turkey. Method: A structured questionnaire was used to evaluate clinical, biochemical and imaging data. A custom Haloplex panel-based next generation sequencing approach was used to study all known PAI-associated genes. Patients with clinical or biochemical findings suggestive of CAH, adrenoleukodystrophy, autoimmune adrenal insufficiency or known syndromic causes of PAI (e.g., Triple A syndrome) were excluded. Results: A molecular genetic diagnosis was obtained in 78 (81%) patients. The range of genetic aetiologies found in this cohort was:MC2R (n=25), NR0B1 (n=12), StAR (n=11), CYP11A1 (n=9), MRAP (n=9), NNT (n=7), ABCD1 (n=2), NR5A1 (1), AAAS (n=1), HSD3B2 (n=1).Of note, recurrent mutations in several genes were detected, such as c.560delT and p.C251W mutations in MC2R, the p.R451W mutation in CYP11A1, MRAP c.IVS3ds+1delG, and StAR p.S13P. The incidence of childhood non-CAH PAI was approximately five in 1.000.000, with geographical enrichment of certain mutations due to founder effects. Several novel clinical and molecular insights emerged. Conclusion: This is the largest cohort study of PAI in children to date. Establishing a specific diagnosis of PAI is extremely valuable for counselling family members and for identifying presymptomatic children.Knowing the genetic aetiology can also help modify treatments, such as the need for long-term mineralocorticoid replacement, and can predict potential co-morbidities, such as impaired puberty or fertility and neurological dysfunction. ER  - 
Higher urinary iodine levels iodine correlates with lower systolic blood pressure in Chilean schoolchildren; Background: Iodine concentrations in Chilean schoolchildren are the highest in South America. This may be related to excessive sodium intake, which is associated with hypertension. However, iodine decreases blood pressure (BP), which would be a cardiovascular protective factor. Objective and hypotheses: The objective of this study is to evaluate the effects of iodine on BP and cardiovascular risk factors, despite salt intake. Method: Cross-sectional study. Seventy schoolchildren in Santiago, Chile were recruited (54.3% female, median age 13 (12.1-16.1)). Anthropometry, BP, and pubertal stages were evaluated, and a salt questionnaire was applied; salt intake was ad libitum. Samples were obtained of ultra-sensitive C reactive protein (hsCRP), glucose, triglycerides, LDL, creatinine, microalbuminuria, TSH, fT4, aldosterone and plasma renin activity (ARP). Iodine, creatinine, and sodium were measured in 24-h urinary samples and urinary iodine/urinary sodium ratio was calculated. Pearson correlation was performed for continuous variables; Mann- Whitney test for independent samples. Results: Urinary iodine (medium; (interquartile range)) was 298.5 ug/l (168.5-416.8). 65.7% presented iodine levels above requirements. A negative correlation was observed between urinary iodine and age (r=-0.4; P=0.001), systolic BP (r=-0.3; P=0.01), even when corrected for sodium excretion (r=-0.32; P=0.01). No statistically significant correlation was observed between urinary iodine and hsCRP (P=0.13), glycemia (P=0.3), cholesterol (P=0.93), triglycerides (P=0.76), LDL (P=0.34), TSH (P=0.98), aldosterone (P=0.59), ARP (P=0.19), neither with diastolic BP (P=0.09). Conclusion: Schoolchildren in Santiago have much higher urinary iodine than recommended by the WHO (adequate iodine nutrition between 100-199 ug/l). It decreases with age. Higher levels of urinary iodine corrected for urinary sodium excretion correlated with lower systolic BP, which could represent a cardiovascular protective factor. ER  - 
Primary adrenal insufficiency: About a paediatric series; Background: Adrenal insufficiency in children is rare and potentially serious because of the risk of acute adrenal insufficiency. This complication is lethal in the absence of prompt and appropriate treatment. Aetiologies are dominated by the genetic causes. Objective and hypotheses: Report diagnostic circumstances,phenotypic forms and causes of adrenal insufficiency in children and adolescents. Method: This is a retrospective study of 54 cases of children and adolescents with adrenal insufficiency hospitalised between 1988 2014 we evaluated the clinical, biological, etiological and evolutive features of adrenal insufficiency. Results: 54 cases were reported (44% boys, 56% girls) The average age was six years ±1.2 (2-18). The consultation Reason: ADS: 59%; adrenal insufficiency: 20%; Congenital adrenal hyperplasia: 5% melanodermia: 5% salt wasting syndrome: 3.7% early puberty: 1%. A familial form was observed in 14% (10% PEA, 4% HCS). Clinical feature was typical 42% (emaciation, asthenia, anorexia, hypotension melanodermia, digestive disorders). Paucisymptomatic in 58%. Biologically, the Serum potassium was high in 44.44% serum Na was low in 42.59%. glucose was low in 12.94% and symptomatic in 50%. The aetiologies were HCS 73% (21 OH 67% 11 OH 3% B OL 2% 17 βOH 1%) IS autoimmune 22.6% Allgrove sd 1.4%, tuberculosis 1.8%, adrenoleukodystrophy 1.8%. Replacement therapy has helped improve symptoms in all cases. The evolution was complicated iterative decompensation of 45% and difficulties of balancing (overdose 30%). Conclusion: Adrenal insufficiency is rare in children. Genetic diseases dominated by HCS are the most common causes in infants and very young children. Dehydration with a salt-losing syndrome should suggest this aetiology. In the older child, the autoimmune origin is predominant. It can be isolated or associated with a polyendocrinopathy that it will identify early. Replacement therapy started quickly should be reviewed and monitored to prevent under and overdoses. ER  - 
Cushing's syndrome in children and adolescents: About a paediatric series; Background: Cushing's syndrome in children and adolescents is rare. Its clinical and biological symptoms are severe with a significant impact on growth and puberty and poor prognosis. Objective and hypotheses: Report clinical, etiological and evolutionary characteristics of Cushing's syndrome in children and adolescents. Method: This is a retrospective study of 45 children and adolescents with Cushing's syndrome hospitalised at the department of endocrinology between January 1988 and December 2014. We have evaluated the clinical, biological, aetiological and evolutionary Cushing's syndrome in children and adolescents. Results: The mean age at diagnosis was 11.4 years (6-19), 2/3 of them will have an age >10 years. The sex ratio F/G is 2.25. Clinical presentation was characteristic and significant in all cases. We observed complications In 22.5% (Diabetes mellitus 40% hypertension 30% dyslipidaemia 30% osteoporosis 20%). Aetiologies were iatrogenic causes 60%, Cushing diseases 33.3% adrenal corticosurrenaloma 6.6%. The transsphenoidal surgery has allowed a sustained remission of Cushing's disease in 30%. In 70% of relapse revision surgery C radiotherapy resulted in a adrenocorticotropic insufficiency. Adrenal surgery of carcinoma resulted in a good evolution. After a mean follow-up of six years, a Cushing disease recurrence was observed in 15%. Conclusion: The clinical and biological Cushing's syndrome in children and adolescents is often severe and complicated. Aetiological, Cushing's disease is more common in adolescents while malignant adrenal tumour most is often the prerogative of younger children. Their management is tricky with initial failures and high incidence of recurrence requiring monitoring the long course. Concertation between doctors endocrinologists, paediatricians, radiologists and surgeons is essential. ER  - 
Cardio-metabolic risk factors in children and adolescents with classical 21-hydroxylase deficiency; Background: Recent studies suggest patients with congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH) have adverse cardiovascular risk profile and other long-term health problems in adult life. However, there are limited data of these comorbidities in paediatric CAH patients. Objective and hypotheses: To evaluate the cardiometabolic risk factors in children and adolescents with classical 21-hydroxylase deficiency (21-OHD) compared with age, sex and puberty-matched healthy controls. Method: A cross-sectional study of 21 Thai patients (females, n=17) with CAH aged 15.2± 5.8 years and 21 healthy matched controls. Anthropometric, biochemical and inflammatory markers were measured. Bone mineral density (BMD), fat mass and lean mass were measured using dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry (DXA). Results: Obesity was observed in 33% of the patients (7/21). The waist/hip ratio and waist/height ratio were significant higher in CAH patients when compared with controls. Three patients (14%) of 21 patients were noted to have prehypertension and two patients (9.5%) had hypertension. Fasting blood glucose levels in CAH patients were lower than normal subjects but HOMA-IR was not different. There were no significant correlations between HOMA-IR and glucocorticoid dose, age or 17-hydroxyprogesterone levels. Silent diabetes and metabolic syndrome were diagnosed in one patient (4.8%), but none in the control group. Lipid profiles were not different between patients and healthy controls except lower HDL to cholesterol ratio in CAH patients than in normal subjects. CAH patients had significantly higher AST levels than controls. Serum leptin concentrations were not different between groups, and positively correlated with BMI and HOMA-IR. Interleukin-6 levels in CAH patients did not differ from controls, but hs-CRP levels tended to be higher in patients compared with controls. No significant differences in BMD z-score, fat mass and lean mass were found between CAH and healthy subjects. Conclusion: Children and adolescents with CAH appear to have an increased risk of obesity and cardio-metabolic risk factors. Close monitoring, early identification, and secondary prevention should be implemented during paediatric care to prevent metabolic complications and improve the long-term health outcomes in CAH patients. ER  - 
Significant impact of nocturnal melatonin secretion on obesity-related metabolic disorders in children and adolescents; Background: In addition to its function in circadian rhythm Melatonin plays an important role in energy metabolism and body weight regulation. In animals pinealectomy induces insulin resistance and administration of melatonin to diabetes prone rats ameliorates their glucose metabolism. Furthermore lossof- function mutations of the melatonin receptor gene are associated with insulin resistance and DM II in humans. Objective and hypotheses: So far the effect of melatonin on energy metabolism in childhood remains unclear. As obese adolescents were found to have disturbed and shifted sleep rhythm a link between low melatonin secretion and impaired glucose metabolism was suggested. We therefore aimed to explore the effect of nocturnal melatonin secretion on glucose metabolism in obese children and adolescents. Method: We performed a cross sectional study of 148 obese (>97.percentile) children and adolescences (10-17 years). Based on fasting blood samples, insulin resistance was defined as age and sex adjusted R-HOMA >95. percentile (using Allard percentiles) and correlated with nocturnal Melatonin secretion. Melatonin secretion was measured as its main metabolite 6-sultatoxymelatonin normalized to urinary creatinine in the first morning urinary void. Results: Subjects with insulin resistance (n=101) showed significant lower nocturnal melatonin levels (P=0,004). The median ratio of 6-sulfatoxymelatonin to creatinine was 24.3 ng/mg (1st quartile = 15.7 ng/mg; 3rd quartile=33.0 ng/mg) among subjects with insulin resistance vs 32.8 ng/mg (1st quartile=23.1 ng/mg; 3rd quartile=42.7 ng/mg) among those with unimpaired insulin secretion. Adjusted for age, sex and Tanner status the effect remained significant. Conclusion: We found a strong association of lower nocturnal melatonin secretion and insulin resistance in obese children. To increase melatonin levels - either endogenously by prolonged nighttime darkness or exogenously by supplementation - might be one future strategy in management of obesity-induced morbidity. ER  - 
Glycaemic dysregulation in transfusion dependent thalassaemia patient in a children's hospital; Background: Thalassaemia patients are at risk of developing diabetes mellitus (DM) and pre-diabetes status predominantly due to iron overloading. The prevalence is 20-30% in adult patients. Age, serum ferritin, T2∗ magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) of the heart and pancreas volume has been found to be associated with DM. However, majority of the studies involved more adults than children. Objective and hypotheses: To establish the prevalence of glucose dysregulation in a group of Thalassaemia children, and to determine factors associated with development of this condition. Method: A cross-sectional study whereby all Thalassaemic children 12 years old and above by 31 January 2015 were enrolled. These children had annual blood screening for endocrinopathy, and also regular ferritin monitoring. Cardiac T2∗ MRI was done at least once in every 2 years. Their medical records were reviewed to extract the latest glucose levels, cardiac T2∗ MRI value, and calculate mean annual ferritin level. DM and pre-diabetes are diagnosed based on standard oral glucose tolerance test following WHO criteria. Results: There are total 55 children (41.8% female) fulfilled the criteria. The mean age was 14.0 years old. There are five DM and three pre-diabetes detected, making prevalence of glucose dysregulation in this cohort was 14.5%. Affected children were significantly older (mean 14.8 vs 13.9 years old, P=0.022), with higher ferritin level (median 11 224.5 vs 2 842.5 ng/ml, P=0.049) and lower cardiac T2∗ MRI (median 5.82 vs 21.20 ms, P=0.009). Puberty status was not significantly different between the groups (P=0.592). Conclusion: Prevalence of glycaemic dysregulation is high even in paediatric thalassaemia patients. Older age, higher ferritin and lower cardiac T2∗ MRI are associated with development of this condition. ER  - 
Utility of estimated glucose disposal rate and fat mass percentage for predicting metabolic syndrome in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes; Objective: To determine the prevalence of metabolic syndrome (MetS) and the clinical utility of fat mass percentage (%fat) and estimated glucose disposal rate (eGDR) for predicting MetS in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes (T1D). Method: We conducted a descriptive, cross sectional study including T1D patients between 8-18 years of age. Modified criteria of IDF, WHO and NCEP were used to determine the prevalence of MetS. eGDR, a validated marker of insulin sensitivity, was calculated using A1C, hypertension status and waist-to-hip circumference ratio. %fat was determined by bioelectrical impedance analyses. ROC curve analysis was performed to ascertain cut-off levels of eGDR and %fat for predicting MetS. Results: The study included 200 patients with T1D (52% boys, 48% girls). Of these, 18% were overweight/obese (BMI SDS ≥1.1). MetS prevalence was found as 10.5, 9.5 and 10.5% according to IDF, WHO and NCEP criteria respectively. There were no statistically significant differences in age, gender, family history of T2D, pubertal stage, duration of diabetes, A1C levels and daily insulin doses between patients with or without MetS. LDL-cholesterol and triglyceride concentrations are higher in patients with than without MetS (P<0.001). Lower eGDR levels, indicating greater insulin resistance, were found in MetS patients compared with those without (6.41±1.86 vs 9.50±1.34 mg/kg per min) (P<0.001). An eGDR cut-off level <8.24 mg/kg per min showed 81% sensitivity and 87% specificity for MetS diagnosis. Fat mass was significantly higher in MetS patients compared with those without (29.7±7.8% vs 21.2±7.9%) (P<0.001). A %fat level of 27.9 had 76% sensitivity and 80% specificity for MetS diagnosis. Conclusion: Prevalence of MetS in our pediatric T1D cohort is not as high as reported in the other studies likely owing to relatively lower rate of overweight/obesity. Compared with other clinical variables, eGDR is a good indicator of diagnosing MetS. ER  - 
Phthalate exposure and metabolic parameters in Korean girls; Background: Phthalates are synthetic chemicals produced in extremely large volumes for a wide variety of uses in personal care and consumer products, including building materials, food packaging, medical devices, toys and cosmetics. Though a few studies have shown that concentrations of phthalate metabolites are associated with obesity and insulin resistance in adults, studies in children are limited. Objectives: We studied to examine the associations of urine levels of phthalate metabolites with obesity and metabolic parameters in Korean girls. Methods: A total of 139 girls (67 overweight cases and 72 controls, aged 6 to 13 years) were recruited. Anthropometric indices and body composition analysis were measured, and fasting glucose, insulin, AST, ALT, and lipid profiles were determined. Spot urine samples were collected and phthalate monoesters were analysed using gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS). Associations between phthalate exposure and anthropometric indices/metabolic parameters and their trends were examined by multiple linear regression and Logistic regression analyses respectively. Results: Di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (DEHP) metabolites showed the highest detected concentration (82.5 μg/g creatinine, 100%), and mono-benzyl phthalate (MBzP) showed the lowest detected concentration (6.3 μg/g creatinine, 87.8%). There was no significant difference in the concentrations of all phthalate monoesters between overweight and control girls, however, percentage fraction of MEOHP among DEHP metabolites (MEOHP%) were significantly lower in overweight girls than in controls. After adjusting for age, pubertal stages, and height percentile, MEHHP% was positively associated with waist circumference and MEOHP% was negatively associated with body mass index (BMI) percentile. Concentrations of MiBP, MnBP, MEHP, MEHHP, sum of DEHP metabolites, and sum of high molecular weight phthalates (HMP) were positively associated with serum ALT. Concentrations of MiBP were also positively associated with total cholesterol/LDL-cholesterol levels. After controlling for age and pubertal stages, MEHHP% was positively associated with fasting insulin and HOMA-IR, whereas MEOHP% was negatively associated with fasting insulin and HOMA-IR. However, after further adjustment for BMI percentile, the significant associations were remained only for MEOHP%. Conclusions: Urinary concentrations of several phthalate metabolites were positively associated with serum ALT levels, and MEOHP% was negatively associated with insulin resistance. Prospective studies are needed to determine potential causal links between phthalate exposure and metabolic derangement in children. ER  - 
Final height and safety outcomes in GH-treated children born small for gestational age: Experience from the prospective genesis observational study; Background: GH treatment in children born small for gestational age (SGA) has both short- and long-term growthpromoting effects and is approved in Europe and the USA (recommended dosages 0.25-0.47 mg/kg per week). Objective and hypotheses: To assess final height (FH) and safety outcomes in SGA patients receiving GH treatment in routine clinical practice using data from GeNeSIS. Method: 1208 GH-treated SGA patients were enrolled (114 Russell-Silver syndrome, 111 other known cause, 932 unknown cause). FH (defined by 蠇1 of: closed epiphyses, height velocity <2 cm/year, bone age >14 years (girls)/ >16 years (boys)) was available for 203 patients (FHPop1). Subanalyses were performed for patients with baseline age 蠇4/ <11 years and 蠇5 years GH treatment (FHPop2, N=62) and another subset with initial GH dose S0.2/<0.3 mg/kg pe week (FHPop3, N=26). Results: Mean±SD baseline ages for FHPop1, FHPop2, and FHPop3 were 10.9±3.1, 8.3±1.7, and 8.9±1.9 years respectively; height SD scores (SDS) were -2.6±0.9, H2.8± 0.9, and -2.6±0.8. Initial GH dose was 0.28±0.10 mg/kg per week, increasing by ≤12% (all FHPops). FH SDS for FHPop1, FHPop2, and FHPop3 were -1.5±0.9, -1.3±0.8, and -1.1± 0.8 respectively, at 16.1±1.5, 16.0±1.2, and 16.0±1.2 years of age, and after 5.0±2.9, 7.5±1.8, and 6.8±1.5 years of GH treatment; height gains were 1.1±1.0, 1.5±0.8, and 1.4±0.9 SDS respectively. 蠇1 adverse event was reported for 283/1111 (25%) SGA patients vs 5 552/20 060 (28%) for all patient diagnoses in the database. Adverse events reported at 蠇2.0% were precocious puberty (3%), headache, hypothyroidism, arthralgia, and ADHD (all 2%). Notable events included two deaths (displaced ventriculoperitoneal shunt; MELAS syndrome), one malignancy (lymphoma), and four diabetes cases (two type 2, one type 1, and one associated with MELAS). Conclusion: Height gains for SGA patients in GeNeSIS were similar to those in previous studies with dosage similar to that approved in Europe; younger age at treatment start was associated with greater height gain. No new safety concerns were identified. ER  - 
RHGH replacement therapy ameliorates body composition substantially but has no effect in the quality of life in adolescents with GH deficiency-a cross-sectional study; Background: GH is fundamental in skeletal growth during puberty, however detailed studies of body composition analyses in adolescents with GH deficiency on GH therapy are scarce. Moreover, there are few studies on the psychologic aspects of hrGH therapy in this population. Objective and hypotheses: In this case-control study, we investigated differences in body composition based on bio-impedance measurements between adolescents with idiopathic GH deficiency (GHD) who were treated with recombinant human GH (rhGH) for at least 6 months (treatment group) and adolescents with idiopathic short stature who had not received rhGH as yet (control group). Method: Participants were evaluated for short stature and underwent dual frequency bio-impedance assessment with the use of the BIAACC, BIOTEKNA© device. The questionnaires QUALISSY-C and CODI for short stature coping were distributed in both groups. Results: Over a period of 1.5 years, 13 adolescents (ten males, three females; mean ageGSD: 12.66±2.46 years) on rhGH treatment and 12 controls (seven males, five females; mean ageGSD: 13.38±2.02 years) matched for age, height, BMI and bone age, were enrolled. Total (P=0.047) and extracellular (P=0.038) water volumes were significantly increased in the treatment group. Body cell mass protein (P=0.023), extracellular fluid protein (P=0.022), bone mass (P=0.038), soft tissue mineral content (P=0.016) and body calcium (P=0.017) were increased, along with increased metabolism of the bones (P=0.016) and skeletal muscles (P=0.022). Interestingly, no statistically significant differences in fat mass and in the QUALISSY-C and CODI questionnaires were found between the two groups. Conclusion: Bio-impedance analysis is a potent, non-invasive tool for assaying body composition, confirming the expected beneficial changes of rhGH treatment. The lack of differences in the psychometric questionnaires may reflect the negative effects of short stature in both groups (Table Presented). ER  - 
Growth and metabolic phenotypes in patients with SRS: A multi-centre cross-sectional observational study; Background: Silver-Russell syndrome (SRS; OMIM 180860) is a genetically and clinically heterogeneous low birthweight syndrome characterised by poor postnatal growth and a number of variable dysmorphic features. Small-for-gestational age infants in general have an increased risk of metabolic complications, some initially occurring in late childhood and adolescence. Objective and hypotheses: To identify i) response to GH based on genotype and ii) development of metabolic complications whilst on GH treatment or as young adults. Method: A cross-sectional, observational multi-centre study across England, investigating patients >5 years with clinical or genetically confirmed SRS for response to GH and evidence of insulin resistance and hypertension on baseline screening. Results: 37 patients (18 H19; nine mUPD7 and ten clinical; 22M: 15F, mean age at assessment 11.74 years, range 5.0-39.1). GH treatment increased height SDS by 0.99 (0.56 S.D.) SDS after 1 year and 1.97 (1.16) SDS after 3 years; P<0.001). A significantly better response to GH treatment was seen in mUPD7 patients compared to H19 after 3 years (P0.002). BMI increased by 0.41 SDS (1.0; P0.046) on GH treatment after 3 years. No significant difference between genetic subtypes seen. Mean % fat mass (assessed by Tanita scales) was 16.3% (5.26) with no significance between pubertal and prepubertal individuals. Baseline fasting lipid, insulin, glucose, leptin and adiponectin levels showed no evidence of insulin resistance or impaired fasting glycaemia (n=30) and OGTT data (n=7) showed no insulin resistance. Basal blood pressure measurements showed no evidence of hypertension (diastolic and systolic measurements <90 centile). Adrenarche was seen in seven patients and central precocious puberty requiring treatment in four patients. Conclusion: GH treatment improves height SDS and BMI SDS in SRS patients with significant difference in height SDS increase between mUPD7 and H19 after 3 years of treatment. No evidence of insulin resistance or hypertension was seen on baseline screening. ER  - 
Pituitary function after mild to severe traumatic brain injury in children 2-18-years-old: A prospective study; Background: In recent years, traumatic brain injury (TBI) has been identified as a significant cause of pituitary dysfunction in children. Paediatric prospective studies are rare especially for mild TBI. Objective and hypotheses: The aim of this present study was to evaluate the frequency of hypopituitarism after mild, moderate and severe TBI in hospitalized children, and determining factors of this deficiency. Method: A prospective study was conducted for children from 2 to 18 years old, hospitalised after TBI between September 2009 and June 2013. Clinical parameters, basal pituitary hormone concentration at 0, 6 and 12 months and a dynamic test at 12 months after TBI were performed (insulin tolerance test or glucagon test if contra indicates for assessment of somatotropic and corticotropic axes), confirm by a second test in case of GH insufficiency. Results: 117 patients, sex ratio H/F 79/38, median age 7.6 years (range 2 to 17.8 years). Distribution plot shows 109 mild, four moderate and four severe TBI, according to Glasgow Coma Scale. Pituitary insufficiencies (PI) were present in 43 (37%) children at 12 months after TBI. Six of them have two or more hormonal deficits. 30 and 50 children have a secondary adrenal insufficiency (SAI) and GH deficiency (GHD) respectively, after insulin tolerance test. Confirmed GHD was present in 15 cases. GHD were severe in two children but only one have low velocity rate. One gonadotropin, five prolactin, and no TSH insufficiency nor central precocious puberty were observed at 12 months after TBI. Conclusion: Biological PI is present in 37% of TBI even if majority of patient have mild TBI. Interrogation persists in clinical relevance of biological GHD because velocity rate is often conserved. However, practitioner should keep in watch children growth, tiredness and puberty after TBI whatever its severity. ER  - 
Evaluation of body proportions in children with precocious or delayed puberty; Background: Over the past 20 years there is growing evidence that onset of puberty and changes in body proportions occur at an earlier age, especially in girls. Several studies have suggested this trend is linked to increasing rates of overweight and obese children. However, data on delayed pubertal trends are scant. Objective and hypotheses: To characterize body proportions of children evaluated for pubertal disorders. Method: Retrospective study of a large cohort of patients followed at a single tertiary center during a 17 year period (1996-2013). Clinical data including height, weight, the upper to lower segment (U/LS) ratio, body mass index (BMI) and clinical outcomes were reviewed and analysed. Results: The cohort comprised 647 patients. In total, 304 were evaluated for precocious puberty (86% girls, of whom 72% were diagnosed with idiopathic central precocious puberty) and 347 presented with delayed puberty (67% boys, of whom 92% had constitutional delay of growth and puberty). There was a trend (not significant) towards earlier puberty in recent years with more referrals for early puberty and fewer related to delayed puberty. BMI z-score was significantly greater in the patients referred for early puberty compared to delayed puberty counterparts (girls mean +1.6 vs. -0.57 SDS, boys mean +2.2 vs. -0.78 SDS, P<0.001). Significant U/LS ratio differences (P<0.015) between these groups were equally found. Height, BMI, and basal LH values were associated with having initiated treatment in early puberty, but not in late puberty. Conclusion: BMI z-scores and U/LS ratio differ significantly in children referred for precocious or delayed puberty. Lower height- and BMI z-scores and higher basal LH values were predictors of those children starting treatment for early puberty. Clinical follow-up over time seems mandatory. ER  - 
Endocrine evaluation in children and adolescents submitted to allogeneic bone marrow tranplantation; Background: Paediatric bone marrow transplantation (BMT) can lead to endocrine dysfunctions due to common pre-procedure protocols involving chemo and radiotherapy. Objective and hypotheses: To evaluate the prevalence and time-of-onset of endocrine dysfunctions after BMT in children and adolescents. Method: A retrospective cohort-study design was performed. The inclusion criteria were: age range less than 18 years old at the time of their allogenic BMT program, which started in 2010 in our Institution. The patients started their follow-up 100 days after BMT (time zero) and every six months, when possible. Height (cm), Weight (Kg), BMI and respective z-scores (NCHS 2000) as well as their pubertal status (Tanner) were obtained. Lab and imaging data for endocrine diseases (GH deficiency; precocious/ delayed puberty, thyroid dysfunctions, adrenal diseases, diabetes insipidus, bone diseases, and metabolic syndrome) were collected. Results: From 75 patients submitted to allogeneic BMT, 40 (21 females) were referred to endocrine evaluation. Their primary disease was diagnosed at 5.5 (G4.2) years old (Range: 0.0-15.0). BMT was performed at 8.5 (G4.5) ys (0.8-17.8). Bone marrow donors were: siblings (21), bone bank (nine), umbilicus cord (five), and parents (five). The patients were referred for endocrine evaluation at 9.9 (G4.4) ys (2.0-18.0). The prevalence of endocrine complications was: Growth disorders ((8), five with GH deficiency, under treatment), hypothyroidism (five) dyslipidemia (five), amenorrhea (three), obesity (two), puberty disorders (three), failure to thrive (one). 15 patients have been still under follow-up with no endocrine disease detected so far. Conclusion: These findings emphasise the importance of screening for endocrine complications in children and adolescents submitted to BMT, particularly growth, thyroid and metabolic. Children require an early and long follow up so that endocrine complications can be diagnosed and promptly treated. ER  - 
Association of serum levels of 25(OH) cholecalciferol and childhood obesity; Background: Vitamin D is now recognised as a prohormone, essential for the maintenance of mineral homeostasis, calcium metabolism and normal skeletal architecture. 30 ng/ml or greater can be considered sufficient serum levels. The prevalence of vitamin D deficiency among severely obese children is almost 49% caused by the fact that it is sequestered in the larger body pool of fat of such individuals, being vitamin D fat soluble. Vitamin D deficiency has been recently associated with cardiovascular disease and metabolic syndrome in morbid obesity. Particularly, 25(OH) D levels were inversely correlated with HbA1c, insulin, LDL, triglycerides, total-cholesterol and insulin resistance. Objective: To investigate the action of this hormone in obese children visited in Pediatric Endocrinology and Adolescentology Clinic of L'Aquila and to examine the relationship between 25(OH) D concentration and other parameters commonly altered in obesity. Methods: Prospective study envolving 23 obese children (Ob) (13 girls; 11.06±3.98 years, BMI>95 °C) and 21 normal weighted children (C) (12.23±3.54 years). An OGTT was performed and serum insulin was obtained to calculate the glucose/insulin ratio and the HOMA-index. All had undergone an assessment of weight, height and pubertal status; cholesterol, triglycerides, liver enzymes and serum 25(OH) D were measured at the baseline visit. Results: Mean 25(OH) D levels were highest in Ob, with a statistically significant difference, respect to C. The BMI level was inversely correlated with vitamin D levels. An important inverse relationship was found when vitamin D levels were compared with basal insulin, GPT, GGT, triglycerides. Conclusions: Comparing the vitamin's D concentration with the lipemic and metabolic parameters, largely confirm the few existing data in the literature, that such metabolic alterations are linked to a high prevalence of vitamin D deficiency in obese children. (Table Presented). ER  - 
Current practice in diagnosis and treatment of GH deficiency in childhood: Aa survey from turkey; Background: Diagnosis and treatment of GH deficiency( GHD) in children are different between countries, and even among centres in the same country. Objective and hypotheses: To evaluate current practices in diagnosis and treatment of GHD in the process of preparing the new consensus on GHD by Turkish Society for Pediatric Endocrinology and Diabetes. Method: A questionnaire was sent out to all paediatric endocrinology centres. Results: 24 centres returned the questionnaire. The most frequently used GH stimulation test was L-dopa and second one was clonidine. 18 centres used a cut-off value of GH of 10 ng/ml, four centres 7 ng/ml, and two centres 5 ng/ml for the diagnosis of GHD. The most frequently used assay was immunochemiluminescent for GH, IGF1 and IGFBP3. Sex steroid priming in both sexes was used by 19 centres. The most frequently used starting dose in prepubertal children was 0.025-0.030 mg/kg per day and 0.030-0.035 mg/kg per day in pubertal children. Growth velocity was used in the evaluation for growth response to recombinant human GH (rhGH) therapy in all centres. Anthropometric measurements of patients every 3-6 months, fasting blood glucose, bone age and thyroid panel evaluation were used by all centres at follow-up. Therapy was stopped primarily according to decreased height velocity and advanced bone age. 14 centres used combined treatment (rhGH and gonadotropin releasing analogues) to increase final height. Conclusion: Although conformity was found among centres in current practice, it is very important to update statement and modify the approach to GHD with new evidence based clinical studies. ER  - 
Clinical features and pubertal timing in girls with premature adrenarche; Background: Premature adrenarche is defined as the development of axillary and/or pubic hair in association of the DHEA-S concentrations >108.4 nmol/l (40 μg/dl) before the age of eight in girls. Objective and hypotheses: This retrospective study aimed to investigate the clinical presentation, metabolic status, growth velocity and pubertal timing of girls with premature adrenarche. Method: Medical records of 117 patients were investigated. Pubertal onset was regarded as breast enlargement (Tanner stage-2) and/or elevation of baseline LH level to 1 mIU/ml or stimulated LH to 5 mIU/ml. Results: Mean adrenarche age of 117 girls was 6.96±0.82 years. The complaint was pubic hair in 105 (%89.7), axillary hair in 63 (%53.8), adult type axillary odour in 31 (%26.5) patients. Prematurity (<37th week) was present in 17 (%14.5) patients while low birth weight (SGA) was present in 9 (%7.6). Hypertension was the most common (%62.6) finding in family history. Eighty-two patients had normal body mass index, while 17 (%14.7) had obesity, 15 (%12.9) had overweight and only two had under-nutrition. Mean DHEA-S level was 95.02 μg/dl and it was negatively correlated with birth weight and gestational age. Growth velocity, bone age, volumes of ovaries and uterus were positively correlated with height SDS, weight SDS and testosterone levels, indicating the effects of oestrogen which is produced by the aromatization of androgens. Puberty was started in 37 girls, mean age of pubertal timing was 8.28±0.95 and a significant decrease was found when compared with mean age in healthy population. Treatment with GnRH-analogue was needed in ten (%8.4) patients. Conclusion: Pubertal timing was diminished in girls with premature adrenarche, suggesting the necessity of following patients in terms of puberty precocious and rapidly progressive puberty. Monitoring the growth and pubertal signs are important especially in premature and SGA children. ER  - 
Cardiovascular disease risk factors in girls with isolated premature pubarche; Background: Premature pubarche is the appearance of pubic hair before 8 years in girls and 9 years in boys, being more frequent in girls. Current literature demonstrates associations between premature pubarche and metabolic and cardiovascular diseases. Objective and hypotheses: To evaluate the frequency of cardiovascular disease risk factors in girls with isolated premature pubarche (IPP). Method: Observational study using data from medical records of 41 girls with IPP aged 2-19 years attended at the Paediatric Outpatients Clinic of the University of Blumenau between 1999 and 2013. Excess weight (overweight and obesity according WHO criteria), blood pressure, low birth weight (<2.500 g), bone age (Greylich and Pyle), dyslipidaemia (total cholesterol >150 mg/dl or LDL-c >100 mg/dl or HDL-c <45 mg/dl or TGL >100 mg/dl), basal blood androgens levels (17-OH-progesterone, androstenedione, DHEA-S, and total testosterone), hyperinsulinism (basal insulin >15 mUI/l) and insulin resistance (HOMAR-IR >3.16) were analysed. The appearance of pubarche before 8 years without breast development was considered IPP. In the presence of advanced bone age (>1 year) and elevated basal blood androgens levels an adrenal stimulation test with exogenous ACTH was performed to ruled out congenital adrenal hyperplasia. Results: The mean age at the first medical evaluation was 7.8±1.4 years. Excess weight was present in 42.1% (26.3% overweight and 15.8% obesity), elevated blood pressure in 17.3% and dyslipidaemia in 45.8%. Hyperinsulinism and insulin resistance were not observed. Nevertheless, the group with excess weight showed fasting insulin levels higher than excess weight group (7.3±4.2 vs 4.3±2.8; P<0.05). Bone age was advanced in 81.8%. Basal blood levels of 17-OH-progesterone, androstenedione, DHEA-S, and total testosterone were elevated in 48.6, 35.1, 32.4, and 37.2% respectively. Low birth weight ocurred in 13.1%. Conclusions: Excess weight and dyslipidaemia were the most frequent cardiovascular disease risk factors observed. Almost 50% of the girls presented these clinical conditions. ER  - 
Idiopathic central precocious puberty-treatment Criteria; Background: Central precocious puberty is due to premature activation of the hypothalamo-pituitary-ovarian axis. In girls it is idiopathic in up to 95%. Children with clinical rapid progression are treated with prolonged activity GnRH agonist. Objective and hypotheses: Characterise cases of idiopathic central precocious puberty (ICPP) followed at our hospital comparing the group treated with GnRH agonist (group A) with the group not treated (group B) at 6-12 months of follow-up. Method: Retrospective study including children ICPP diagnosed between January/2006 and January/2014, with minimum 6 months' follow-up. Data collected: age, auxologic data and Tanner stage, at admission and along follow-up; target family height (TFH), parental pubertal age, growth velocity (GV), hormonal levels, bone age, predicted adult height (PAH), and treatment. Statistical analysis with SPSS21th (P<0.05). Results: We included 42 children with ICPP, without treatment criteria at first visit. All were females, with a mean follow-up time of 11months. Clinical progression was slow in 17 children (group A) and rapid in 25 children (group B). Group B was treated with LHRH, started 12,8 months after the first visit. TFH was 158.3±1.3 cm in group A and 159.3±1.1 cm in group B (P=NS). Mothers' menarche age was under 10 year in 12.5% in group A and 32% in group B. At first visit, there was no significant difference in both groups in analysed variables. At about 12 months of follow-up, group B had significantly higher GV (8.8± 1.9 vs 6.8±2.3; P=0.004), FSH (3.3±1.6 vs 1.8±1.0 UI/ml; P=0.001), IGF1 (410±125 vs 331±116 ng/ml; P=0.05) and IGF1 SDS (2.5±1.4 vs 1.3±1.1; P=0.005) than group A. Comparing data from first visit to 12 months follow-up visit, there was significant difference only for group B. This had a significantly increase of height-sds (P<0.0001), LH (P=0.004), FSH (P=0.006), IGF1 (P=0.003), bone age (P<0.0001) and a significantly decrease in PAH (P=0.019). Conclusion: Our data confirmed the need to monitor puberty evolution along time, including height, growth velocity, bone age, gonadotropic hormones and IGF1. Children with rapid progressive puberty should be treated in order to avoid compromising final adult height. ER  - 
A 4-year, open-label, multicenter, randomized trial of genotropin® growth hormone in patients with idiopathic short stature: Analysis of 4-year data comparing efficacy, efficiency, and safety between an individualized, target-driven regimen and standard dosing; Background/Aims: Growth hormone (GH) treatment regimens for children with non-GH-deficient, idiopathic short stature (ISS) have not been optimized. To compare the efficacy, efficiency, and safety of an individualized, target-driven GH regimen with standard weight-based dosing after 4 years of treatment. Methods: This is a 4-year, open-label, multicenter, randomized trial comparing individualized, formula-based dosing of Genotropin® versus a widely used ISS dose of Genotropin®. Subjects were prepubertal, had a bone age of 3-10 years for males and 3-9 years for females, were naive to GH treatment, and had a height standard deviation score (Ht SDS) of -3 to -2.25, a height velocity <25th percentile for their bone age, and peak stimulated GH >10 ng/ml. After the first 2 years, the individualized-dosing group was further randomized to either 0.18 or 0.24 mg/kg/week. Results: At 4 years, subjects in all treatment regimens achieved similar average height gains of +1.3 SDS; however, the individualized dosing regimen utilized less GH to achieve an equivalent height gain. Conclusion: Individualized, formula-based GH dosing, followed by a dose reduction after 2 years, provides a more cost-effective growth improvement in patients with ISS than currently employed weight-based regimens. ER  - 
Study of five pubertal transition-related gene polymorphisms as risk factors for premature coronary artery disease in a Chinese Han population; Background: Recently, single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) (DLK-rs10144321, SIX6-rs1254337, MKRN3-rs12148769, LIN28B-rs7759938, and KCNK9-rs1469039) were found to be strongly associated with age at menarche. Recent studies also suggested that age at menarche is a heritable trait and is associated with risks for obesity, type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), cardiovascular disease, and all-cause mortality. Since an association between these five SNPs and premature coronary artery disease (CAD) has never been reported, we investigated whether these SNPs are associated with premature CAD and its severity in a Chinese Han population. Methods: We enrolled 432 consecutive patients including 198 with premature CAD (<55 years in men and <65 years in women) and 234 controls. All subjects were genotyped for the five SNPs by the PCR-ligase detection reaction method. The associations between these SNPs and premature CAD and its severity were analyzed. Results: The following genotypes were identified: GG, AG, and AA at rs10144321 and rs12148769; TT, AT, and AA at rs1254337; CC, CT, and TT at rs1469039; and TT and CT at rs7759938. Significant differences in genotype distribution frequencies at rs1254337 were found between controls and patients with premature CAD (P<0.05). No associations were found between the five SNPs and the severity of coronary lesions (all P>0.05). Compared with controls, patients with premature CAD had a higher prevalence of T2DM and dyslipidemia, and the proportion of patients with T2DM rose significantly with an increase in the number of stenosed coronary vessels (all P<0.05). After adjustment for the clinical parameters in multivariable analysis, three factors were identified that significantly increased the risk of premature CAD: the AA genotype at rs1254337 (OR: 2.388, 95% CI: 1.190-4.792, P = 0.014), male gender (OR: 1.565, 95% CI: 1.012-2.420, P = 0.044), and T2DM (OR 2.252, 95% CI: 1.233-4.348, P = 0.015). Conclusions: Among the five pubertal transition-related gene polymorphisms, we identified an association between rs1254337 and premature CAD in a Chinese Han population. Copyright: ER  - 
Antioxidation improves in puberty in normal weight and obese boys, in positive association with exercise-stimulated growth hormone secretion; Background:Oxidative stress is associated with obesity while the evidence for the role of GH in pro- and antioxidation is inconclusive. This study investigates the relationships between growth hormone (GH), pro- and antioxidation in relation to obesity and puberty before and after an acute bout of exercise.Methods:In this case-control study, 76 healthy normal-weight and obese, prepubertal and pubertal boys underwent a blood sampling before and immediately after an aerobic exercise bout until exhaustion at 70% maximal oxygen consumption. Markers of prooxidation (thiobarbituric acid reactive substances (TBARS) and protein carbonyls (PCs)) and antioxidation (glutathione (GSH), oxidized glutathione disulfide (GSSG), GSH/GSSG ratio, glutathione peroxidase (GPX), catalase, and total antioxidant capacity (TAC)) and hormones (GH, insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-1, IGF-BP-3, luteinizing hormone, follicle-stimulating hormone, and testosterone) were measured.Results:Baseline and postexercise TBARS and PCs were greater, while baseline GSH, GSH/GSSG ratio, GPX, and TAC were lower in obese than that in normal-weight participants. In all participants, waist was the best negative and positive predictor for postexercise GPX and TBARS, respectively. Baseline TAC was greater in pubertal than that in pre-pubertal participants. In all participants, baseline GH was the best negative predictor for postexercise PCs. Significant positive linear correlation exists between the exercise-associated GH, and GSSG increases in pubertal normal-weight boys.Conclusions:Higher prooxidation and lower antioxidation were observed in obese boys, while antioxidation improves with puberty and postexercise, paralleling GH accentuated secretion. ER  - 
Early Diet and Later Cancer Risk: Prospective Associations of Dietary Patterns during Critical Periods of Childhood with the GH-IGF Axis, Insulin Resistance and Body Fatness in Younger Adulthood; Early life, adiposity rebound, and puberty represent critical growth periods when food choices could have long-term relevance for cancer risk. We aimed to relate dietary patterns during these periods to the growth hormone-insulin-like-growth-factor (GH-IGF) axis, insulin resistance, and body fatness in adulthood. Data from the Dortmund Nutritional and Anthropometric Longitudinally Designed (DONALD) Study participants with outcome data at 18-37 years, and ≥2 dietary records during early life (1-2 yr; n = 128), adiposity rebound (4-6 years, n = 179), or puberty (girls 9-14, boys 10-15 yr; n = 213) were used. Dietary patterns at these ages were derived by 1) reduced rank regression (RRR) to explain variation in adult IGF-I, IGF-binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3), homoeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and fat-mass index; 2) principal component analysis (PCA). Regarding RRR, the patterns "cake/canned fruit/cheese & eggs" (early life), "sweets & dairy" (adiposity rebound) and "high-fat foods" (pubertal boys) were independently associated with higher adult HOMA-IR. Furthermore, the patterns "favorable carbohydrate sources" (early life), "snack & convenience foods" (adiposity rebound), and "traditional & convenience carbohydrates" (pubertal boys) were related to adult IGFBP-3 (P trend < 0.01). PCA identified "healthy" patterns for all periods, but none was associated with the outcomes (P trend > 0.1). In conclusion, dietary patterns during sensitive growth periods may be of long-term relevance for adult insulin resistance and IGFBP-3. ER  - 
Metabolic syndrome, insulin resistance, and mammographic density in pre- and postmenopausal women; Little is known about the association of metabolic syndrome (MetS) or insulin resistance (IR) with mammographic density, a strong risk factor for breast cancer. The goal of this study was to evaluate these associations in pre- and postmenopausal women. A cross-sectional study was performed in 73,974 adult women who underwent a comprehensive health screening examination that included a mammogram between 2011 and 2013 (mean age 42.6 years). MetS was defined according to the modified National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Panel III. IR was assessed with the homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). Adjusted odds ratios (ORs) with 95 % confidence intervals (CIs) for dense breast were estimated using logistic regression models after adjustment for potential confounders. In premenopausal women, MetS and all its components except waist circumference were associated with dense breast. After adjustment for potential confounders, the OR (95 % CI) for dense breast in women with MetS compared with those without MetS was 1.22 (1.06–1.39). In postmenopausal women, however, there was positive but non-significant association between MetS and dense breast. In both pre- and postmenopausal women, high blood glucose and IR were positively associated with dense breast. The OR (95 % CI) for dense breast between the highest and lowest quartiles of HOMA-IR was 1.29 (1.20–1.39) for premenopausal women and 1.44 (1.05–1.97) for postmenopausal women. In a large sample of Korean women, MetS and IR were associated with mammographic dense breast, demonstrating that IR, a potentially modifiable risk factor, may increase breast cancer risk, possibly through high mammographic density. ER  - 
Breast cancer risk in metabolically healthy but overweight postmenopausal women; Adiposity is an established risk factor for postmenopausal breast cancer. Recent data suggest that high insulin levels in overweight women may play a major role in this relationship, due to insulin's mitogenic/antiapoptotic activity. However, whether overweight women who are metabolically healthy (i.e., normal insulin sensitivity) have elevated risk of breast cancer is unknown. We investigated whether overweight women with normal insulin sensitivity [i.e., homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) index, or fasting insulin level, within the lowest quartile (q1)] have increased breast cancer risk. Subjects were incident breast cancer cases ( N = 497) and a subcohort ( N = 2,830) of Women's Health Initiative (WHI) participants with available fasting insulin and glucose levels. In multivariate Cox models, metabolically healthy overweight women, defined using HOMA-IR, were not at elevated risk of breast cancer compared with metabolically healthy normal weight women [HR HOMA-IR, 0.96; 95% confidence interval (CI), 0.64-1.42]. In contrast, the risk among women with high (q3-4) HOMA-IRs was elevated whether they were overweight (HRHOMA-IR, 1.76; 95% CI, 1.19-2.60) or normal weight ( HRHOMA-IR , 1.80; 95% CI, 0.88 - 3.70). Similarly, using fasting insulin to define metabolic health, metabolically unhealthy women (insulin q3-4) were at higher risk of breast cancer regardless of whether they were normal weight (HRinsulin, 2.06; 95% CI, 1.01-4.22) or overweight (HRinsulin, 2.01; 95% CI, 1.35- 2.99), whereas metabolically healthy overweight women did not have significantly increased risk of breast cancer (HRinsulin , 0.96; 95% CI, 0.64- 1.42) relative to metabolically healthy normal weight women. Metabolic health (e.g., HOMA-IR or fasting insulin) may be more biologically relevant and more useful for breast cancer risk stratification than adiposity per se . ER  - 
1H-MRS measured ectopic fat in liver and muscle in danish lean and obese children and adolescents; Objectives This cross sectional study aims to investigate the associations between ectopic lipid accumulation in liver and skeletal muscle and biochemical measures, estimates of insulin resistance, anthropometry, and blood pressure in lean and overweight/obese children. Methods Fasting plasma glucose, serum lipids, serum insulin, and expressions of insulin resistance, anthropometry, blood pressure, and magnetic resonance spectroscopy of liver and muscle fat were obtained in 327 Danish children and adolescents aged 8-18 years. Results In 287 overweight/obese children, the prevalences of hepatic and muscular steatosis were 31% and 68%, respectively, whereas the prevalences in 40 lean children were 3% and 10%, respectively. A multiple regression analysis adjusted for age, sex, body mass index z-score (BMI SDS), and pubertal development showed that the OR of exhibiting dyslipidemia was 4.2 (95%CI: [1.8; 10.2], p = 0.0009) when hepatic steatosis was present. Comparing the simultaneous presence of hepatic and muscular steatosis with no presence of steatosis, the OR of exhibiting dyslipidemia was 5.8 (95%CI: [2.0; 18.6], p = 0.002). No significant associations between muscle fat and dyslipidemia, impaired fasting glucose, or blood pressure were observed. Liver and muscle fat, adjusted for age, sex, BMI SDS, and pubertal development, associated to BMI SDS and glycosylated hemoglobin, while only liver fat associated to visceral and subcutaneous adipose tissue and intramyocellular lipid associated inversely to high density lipoprotein cholesterol. Conclusion Hepatic steatosis is associated with dyslipidemia and liver and muscle fat depositions are linked to obesity-related metabolic dysfunctions, especially glycosylated hemoglobin, in children and adolescents, which suggest an increased cardiovascular disease risk. ER  - 
Rare coding variants and X-linked loci associated with age at menarche; More than 100 loci have been identified for age at menarche by genome-wide association studies; however, collectively these explain only ∼ 3% of the trait variance. Here we test two overlooked sources of variation in 192,974 European ancestry women: low-frequency protein-coding variants and X-chromosome variants. Five missense/nonsense variants (in ALMS1/LAMB2/TNRC6A/TACR3/PRKAG1) are associated with age at menarche (minor allele frequencies 0.08-4.6%; effect sizes 0.08-1.25 years per allele; P<5 × 10<sup>-8</sup>). In addition, we identify common X-chromosome loci at IGSF1 (rs762080, P=9.4 × 10<sup>-13</sup>) and FAAH2 (rs5914101, P=4.9 × 10<sup>-10</sup>). Highlighted genes implicate cellular energy homeostasis, post-transcriptional gene silencing and fatty-acid amide signalling. A frequently reported mutation in TACR3 for idiopathic hypogonatrophic hypogonadism (p.W275X) is associated with 1.25-year-later menarche (P=2.8 × 10<sup>-11</sup>), illustrating the utility of population studies to estimate the penetrance of reportedly pathogenic mutations. Collectively, these novel variants explain ∼0.5% variance, indicating that these overlooked sources of variation do not substantially explain the 'missing heritability' of this complex trait. ER  - 
Higher insulin detemir doses are required for the similar glycemic control: Comparison of insulin detemir and glargine in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus; Objective: We aimed to compare hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), total and basal insulin doses, basal insulin injection frequencies, and body mass index (BMI) in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) who are receiving detemir and glargine as basal insulin in a basal-bolus therapy. Method: This retrospective study included 117 (53 females) children and adolescents with T1DM older than 4 yr of age, minimum diabetes duration of 2 yr, and receiving basal-bolus insulin regimen (at least 4 injections/d, insulin aspart or lispro as bolus insulin). Comparisons were made for those receiving insulin detemir (n = 32) or glargine (n = 85) as the basal insulin. Results: Age, pubertal status, BMI standard deviation scores, and diabetes duration were similar in detemir and glargine groups. Glycemic control was similar in both groups (HbA1c levels 8.9 ± 2.1% vs. 8.5 ± 1.7% for detemir and glargine, respectively; p = 0.497). Both mean basal insulin (0.52 vs. 0.41 U/kg/d, p < 0.001) and mean total daily insulin (1.11 vs. 0.93 U/kg/d, p < 0.001) doses were higher in the detemir group. Furthermore, higher ratio of twice-daily basal insulin injection was detected in the detemir group (62.5 vs. 32.9% p = 0.004). Subgroup analysis according to pubertal status, or the number of daily basal injections showed similar results. Conclusion: Insulin detemir provides similar glycemic control with glargine, but, approximately 27% higher mean basal and 19% higher mean total insulin doses with two-fold more twice-daily basal insulin injection requirement. ER  - 
Leuprolide acetate-stimulated androgen response during female puberty; Background A physiological increase in androgen levels occurs during adolescence. Measuring androgen concentrations is the best method to distinguish normal evolution processes from hyperandrogenic disorders. Hypothesis The increase in circulating androgens during puberty is inversely associated with insulin sensitivity in normal weight girls. Objective To assess circulating levels of ovarian androgens and anti-Müllerian hormone (AMH) at baseline and after GnRH analogue (GnRH-a) stimulation in normal pubertal girls across different Tanner stages. We also studied the association between this response and insulin sensitivity. Design Prospective study of healthy girls (6-12 years) from the local community (n = 63). Methods Tanner I (n = 23) subjects were assessed cross-sectionally, and Tanner II girls (n = 40) were evaluated every 6 months until they reached Tanner V. Early morning dehydroepiandrosterone sulphate (DHEA-S), AMH, sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG), androstenedione, glucose and insulin levels were measured. A GnRH-a test (500 μg/m2; sc) and oral glucose intolerance test (OGTT) were performed. Differences throughout puberty were evaluated. Results Basal and/or stimulated Testosterone DHEA-S and 17-hydroxyprogesterone (17OHP) were inversely associated with insulin sensitivity (WIBSI) from the beginning of puberty, whereas androstenedione was directly associated with gonadotrophins. AMH was inversely associated with basal and stimulated gonadotrophins and directly with insulin area under the curve (AUC) only in the early stages of puberty. 17OHP and testosterone responsiveness increased significantly during puberty in all subjects, whereas testosterone levels changed less consistently. This pattern of ovarian-steroidogenic response was most evident during mid- and late puberty. Moreover, during late puberty only, basal 17OHP, testosterone and DHEA-S were positively associated with gonadotrophins. Conclusion In normal nonobese girls born appropriate for gestational age, androgen synthesis was associated with insulin sensitivity in early puberty and with LH only in late puberty. ER  - 
Association of distorted eating behaviors with cardiometabolic risk indices in preadolescents. The Healthy Growth Study; The association between distorted eating behavior (DEB) with cardiometabolic risk (CMR) in children has been poorly investigated. The aim of the study was to examine the association between DEB with certain CMR indices in 9- to 13-year-old children in Greece. A cross-sectional epidemiological study was conducted among 1803 schoolchildren from 77 primary schools in 4 counties of Greece with full data on DEBQ and ChEAT questionnaires and CMR indices. Children underwent anthropometric measurements and Tanner stage, serum lipid, glucose, insulin and HOMA-IR levels assessments. Univariate and multivariate linear regression analyses were performed to test for the association between components of DEBQ and ChEAT with CMR indices. Several significant associations between components of DEBQ and ChEAT with CMR indices were observed when tested at univariate regression models in both boys and girls. However, after adjusting for several possible confounders, including Tanner stage, all significant associations were lost in girls while only a few remained in boys. Thus, DEB might have an unfavorable effect also in certain CMR indices, besides nourishment status. This is more pronounced in preadolescent boys for whom hormonal changes due to the transition to adolescence have not yet been established compared to girls. Still further research is needed to shed more light on these associations. ER  - 
What is the Risk of Metabolic Syndrome in Adolescents with Normal BMI who have Polycystic Ovary Syndrome?; Objective: The purpose of this study is to evaluate the effect of polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) on the prevalence of metabolic syndrome (MBS) in adolescent girls with normal BMI. Materials and Methods: Our study group consisted of 63 pubertal girls with a BMI less than 25kg/m2 who were referred to our center with signs of hirsutism or oligomenorrhea. The diagnosis of PCOS was based on the recent ESHRE/ASRM proposal and required that all 3 of the Rotterdam criteria for diagnosing PCOS in adolescents be met. The control group consisted of 159 pubertal girls matched for age and BMI. Glucose, insulin, testosterone, and sex hormone-binding globulin, free testosterone and all lipid parameters measured. For to diagnose the cases with MBS, modified Cook criteria were used and cases who had at least 3 of 5 criteria's were diagnosed as MBS. Results: Girls with PCOS had higher blood pressure parameters (systolic/diastolic) (P<.01), fasting insulin (P=007), low-density lipoprotein (P=017), triglyceride (P=045), total (P<.001) and free testosterone (P=001) levels compared to control group. There were more cases who had at least 1 Cook criterion in girls with PCOS compared to the control group but the difference was not significant. However, there were more cases who had MBS in girls with PCOS compared to the control group (P=02). Conclusion: MBS prevalence is higher in normal BMI adolescent girls with PCOS compared to age and BMI matched control group. So as clinicians, we must search for the MBS criteria's in girls with PCOS even if they have a normal BMI. ER  - 
Validity of adiponectin-to-leptin and adiponectin-to-resistin ratios as predictors of polycystic ovary syndrome; Objective To evaluate the association of changes in adipokine ratios with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and related features as altered levels of the adipokines adiponectin, leptin, and resistin were linked with the pathogenesis of PCOS. Design Case-control retrospective study. Setting Outpatient obstetrics/gynecology and adult endocrinology clinics. Patient(s) Unrelated women with PCOS (n = 211) and age-matched control women (n = 215). Intervention(s) None. Main Outcome Measure(s) Utility of adiponectin/leptin and adiponectin/resistin ratios as potential biomarkers of PCOS and associated features. Result(s) Significant differences in adiponectin but not leptin or resistin serum levels were seen between women with PCOS and control women. Ratios of adiponectin/leptin and adiponectin/resistin, but not leptin/resistin ratios, were statistically significantly different between PCOS cases and control women. Receiver operated characteristics area under the curve demonstrated sensitivity and specificity for adiponectin/leptin and adiponectin/resistin but not leptin/resistin ratios or individual adipokines as predictors of PCOS. Adiponectin/leptin and adiponectin/resistin ratios negatively correlated with body mass index, homeostatic model assessment, insulin resistance, and free insulin, testosterone, and sex hormone-binding globulin. In addition, adiponectin/resistin ratio negatively correlated with menarche. Conclusion(s) Ratios of adiponectin/leptin and adiponectin/resistin constitute novel predictor factors to explain PCOS and associated features and thus may present target for novel therapeutics in PCOS. ER  - 
Growth, development, puberty and adult height before and during treatment in children with congenital isolated growth hormone deficiency; Objective: To describe the growth, development and puberty in children with congenital IGHD before and during hGH treatment. Subjects: Patients with cIGHD treated by hGH between the years 1958-1992. Setting: All patients were diagnosed, treated and followed in our clinic. Participants: Data were found in 37/41 patients (21 m, 16 f). 34 had hGH-1A deletions, 7 GHRH-R mutations. Patients, referred after age 25, were excluded. Results: The birth length of 10/37 neonates was 48.29. ±. 2.26 (44-50) cm. Birth weight of 28/37 neonates was 3380. ±. 370. g (m), 3230. ±. 409 g (f). Neuromotor milestones were variable. Age at referral was 5.7. ±. 4.2. y (m) and 5.6. ±. 3.8. y (f). Initiation of hGH treatment (35. μg/kg/d) was 7.5. ±. 4.8, (0.8-15.08) y (m) and 6.8. ±. 4.36 (0.8-16.5)y (f). Height SDS increased from -. 4.3 to -. 1.8 (m) and from -. 4.5 to -. 2.6 (f). Head circumference increased from -. 2.6 to -. 1.3 (m) and from -. 2.7 to -. 2.3 (f). BMI increased from 15.8 to 20.6 (m) and from 15.5 to 20.4 (f). There was a negative correlation between age of hGH initiation and change in height SDS (r. =. -. 0.66; ρ. <. 0.01), same for bone age (r. =. -. 0.69; ρ. <. 0.01). Upper/lower body ratio decreased from 2.5. ±. 2.1 (m. ±. SD) to 1.08. ±. 0.1 (ρ. <. 0.0005). Puberty was delayed in boys, less so in girls. Mean age of 1st ejaculation (14. m) was 17.6. ±. 2.2. y and of menarche (14 f. was 13.7. ±. 1.2. y. In both genders there was a positive correlation between age at start of hGH and age at onset of puberty (r. =. 0.57; ρ. <. 0.01). All reached full sexual development but the penile and testicular sizes were below normal. There was a positive correlation between length of hGH treatment and final testicular volume ( r. =. 0.597, ρ. =. 0.05) and a negative correlation between the age at initiation of hGH treatment and final testicular volume(r. =. -. 0.523, ρ. =. 0.018). All were obese and hGH treatment increased the adiposity progressively (r. =. 0.418, ρ. =. 0.013). Conclusion: Early diagnosis and treatment of cIGHD enables normal or near normal growth, development and puberty. ER  - 
The Relationship Between Physical Activity and the Metabolic Syndrome Score in Children; The relationship between physical activity levels and the metabolic syndrome (MetSyn) score was examined in 72 boys and girls (9.5 ± 1.2 years). A fasting blood draw was obtained; waist circumference and blood pressure measured, and an accelerometer was worn for 5 days. Established cut points were used to estimate time spent in moderate, vigorous, moderate-to-vigorous (MVPA), and total physical activity. A continuous MetSyn score was created from blood pressure, waist circumference, high-density-lipoprotein, triglyceride, and glucose values. Regression analysis was used to examine the relationship between physical activity levels, the MetSyn score, and its related components. Logistic regression was used to examine the association between meeting physical activity recommendations, the MetSyn score, and its related components. All analyses were controlled for body mass index group, age, sex, and race. Time spent in different physical activity levels or meeting physical activity recommendations (OR: 0.87, 95%CI: 0.69-1.09) was not related with the MetSyn score after controlling for potential confounders (p > .05). Moderate physical activity, MVPA, and meeting physical activity recommendations were related to a lower diastolic blood pressure (p < .05). No other relationships were observed (p > .05). While physical activity participation was not related with the MetSyn, lower diastolic blood pressure values were related to higher physical activity levels. ER  - 
Diabetes IN develOpment (DINO): The bio-psychosocial, family functioning and parental well-being of youth with type 1 diabetes: A longitudinal cohort study design; Background: Strict glycemic control during adolescence decreases the risk of developing complications later in life, even if this level of control is not maintained afterwards. However, the majority of adolescents with type 1 diabetes (T1D) are in poor control and so far medical or psychological interventions have shown limited success. Adolescence is characterized by major biological, psychosocial, cognitive and parent-child relationship changes and the complex interaction between these developmental trajectories, and its impact on health outcomes is still poorly understood. A specific topic of interest in this context is the timing of diagnosis. The longitudinal study DINO (Diabetes IN develOpment) aims to examine: 1) If and how the onset of T1D before vs. during puberty results in different outcomes of glycemic control, self-management, psychological functioning and diabetes-related quality of life. Methods/design: DINO, a longitudinal multi-center cohort study is conducted in youth with T1D in the age range 8-15 years at baseline. Participants will be divided into two subgroups: pre-pubertal and pubertal. Both groups will be followed for 3 years with assessments based on a bio-psychosocial model of diabetes, scheduled at baseline, 12 months, 24 months and 36 months examining the biological, psychosocial -including disturbed eating behaviors- and cognitive development, family functioning and parental well-being. Discussion: A better understanding of how the different trajectories affect one another will help to gain insight in the protective and risk factors for glycemic outcomes and in who needs which support at what moment in time. First results are expected in 2016. ER  - 
Endothelial nitrogen oxide synthase gene polymorphism in adolescents with diencephalic syndrome of puberty and arterial hypertension; The purpose of this study was to improve the early diagnosis of cardiovascular lesions in adolescents with diencephalic syndrome of puberty and arterial hypertension. It is known that hypothalamic syndrome is the most common endocrine disorder of puberty. This syndrome is caused by hypothalamic-pituitary dysfunction and characterized with puberty shifts in the neuroendocrine system. This syndrome is characterized by carbohydrate and lipid metabolic disorders and of varying degrees of obesity. Arterial hypertension may be included in the diencephalic syndrome of puberty and occurs in half of patients with this disease. In the case of diencephalic syndrome of puberty, the absence of proper monitoring and treatment methods may become progressive and lead to resistant hypertension, abdominal obesity, and metabolic disorders which can eventually damage target organs. Thus, it is important to perform proper diagnostics of diencephalic syndrome of puberty and arterial hypertension in young people to prevent cardiovascular disorders. The aim of this research was to improve early diagnosis of cardiovascular disorders in adolescents with diencephalic syndrome of puberty and arterial hypertension by studying endothelial nitric oxide synthase gene polymorphism and serum homocysteine level in different genotypes. The purpose of this study was to improve the early diagnosis of cardiovascular lesions in adolescents with diencephalic syndrome of puberty and arterial hypertension. The authors studied the gene polymorphism of endothelial nitric oxide synthase - 4/5x repeat 27 nucleotide pairs in the gene 4 (4b, 4a) – in adolescents with diencephalic syndrome of puberty and arterial hypertension. The level of homocysteine in the blood serum in different genotype patients with diencephalic syndrome of puberty was assessed. The highest level of homocysteine in the blood serum was identified in 4b4b and 4b4a genotypes in patients with diencephalic syndrome of puberty. This fact may suggest high-risk vascular complications due to the influence of hyperhomocysteinemia in patients with such genotypes. It was found that teens with genotype 4a4a have the highest levels of serum insulin, triglycerides and very low density lipoprotein. This fact deserves attention, as hyperinsulinemia is an early marker of insulin resistance, which, in turn, leads to blood lipid spectrum disbalance. All mentioned above makes young people with diencephalic syndrome of puberty and genotype 4a4a a subpopulation with the highest risk of developing atherosclerosis and progressive metabolic disorders. ER  - 
In utero preeclampsia exposure, milk intake and pubertal development; Cord blood insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) concentrations are lower in preeclamptic (PE) than normotensive (NT) pregnancies. PE offspring have increased risk of cardiovascular disease and decreased risk of some cancers including breast. We examined the effects of PE exposure in utero, infant feeding and childhood diet at 3-5 years on IGF-1 and breast development in 194 female offspring who were followed from birth until follow-ups at 10.8 and 12.9 years. Diet was not associated with serum IGF-1 levels at 10.8 years. PE exposure was associated with reduced odds of thelarche at 10.8 years only among exclusively breastfed girls. Milk, butter and ice cream consumption at 3-5 years was inversely related to the OR of breast development at 10.8 years. Child's weight and maternal overweight were positively associated with breast development at 10.8 years; child's height and weight were positively associated with breast development at 12.9 years. ER  - 
A prospective study of adolescent eating in the absence of hunger and body mass and fat mass outcomes; Objective Eating in the absence of hunger (EAH) refers to the consumption of palatable foods in a sated state. It has been proposed that EAH promotes excess weight gain in youth; yet there are limited prospective data to support this hypothesis. We examined whether EAH at baseline predicted increases in body mass (BMI and BMIz) and fat mass (kg) 1 year later among adolescent boys and girls. Methods EAH was assessed as adolescents' consumption of palatable snack foods following eating to satiety from an ad libitum lunch buffet. Parents also completed a questionnaire about their children's EAH. Body composition was assessed using air displacement plethysmography. Results Of 196 adolescents assessed for EAH at baseline, 163 (83%) were re-evaluated 1 year later. Accounting for covariates, which included respective baseline values for each dependent variable, race, height, age, sex, and pubertal stage, there were no significant associations between baseline observed or parent-reported EAH and change in adolescent BMI, BMIz, or fat mass. Results did not differ by sex, child weight status, or maternal weight status. Conclusions No evidence was found to support the hypothesis that EAH is a unique endophenotype for adolescent weight or fat gain. ER  - 
Temporal relationships between adipocytokines and diabetes risk in Hispanic adolescents with obesity; Objective Circulating cytokines are frequently cited as contributors to insulin resistance in children with obesity. This study examined whether circulating adipocytokines, independent of adiposity, predicted pubertal changes in insulin sensitivity (SI), insulin secretion (AIR), and β-cell function in high-risk adolescents. Methods 158 Hispanic adolescents with overweight or obesity were followed for a median of 4 years. Adipocytokines were measured using Luminex technology. SI, AIR, and the disposition index were derived from an intravenous glucose tolerance test and minimal modeling. Total fat mass was measured by DXA and visceral adipose tissue (VAT) by MRI. Results Surprisingly, mean IL-8, IL-1β, IL-6, and TNF-α decreased between 5% and 6.5% per year from baseline (P-<-0.001). Despite the general temporal trends, gaining 1-SD of VAT was associated with a 2% and 5% increase in MCP-1 and IL-8 (P-<-0.05). In addition, a 1-SD higher MCP-1 or IL-6 concentration at baseline was associated with a 16% and 21% greater decline in SI during puberty vs. prepuberty (P-<-0.05). Conclusions Several adipocytokines decreased during adolescence and were weakly associated with VAT and lower SI during puberty. Circulating adipocytokines have relatively limited associations with pubertal changes in diabetes risk; however, the consistent findings with MCP-1 warrant further investigation. ER  - 
Metabolic syndrome in obese children and adolescents in Serbia: Prevalence and risk factors; Objective: To assess the prevalence of metabolic syndrome (MS) in obese children and adolescents in Serbia. Subjects and methods: The study group consisted of 254 subjects (148 female and 106 male), aged 4.6-18.9 years with diet-induced obesity (body mass index ≥95th percentile). Presence of MS using the International Diabetes Federation definition was assessed in all subjects, as well as oral glucose tolerance test and insulin resistance indices. Results: Overall prevalence of MS in all subjects aged ≥10 years was 31.2%, namely, 28.7% in children aged 10 to <16 years and 40.5% in adolescents ≥16 years. When adjusted for age, gender and pubertal development, higher degree of obesity was a strong predictor of MS. Multivariate analysis showed that taller subjects and those with higher degree of insulin resistance were at significantly higher risk of MS, independent of the degree of obesity. Conclusions: High prevalence of MS emphasizes the need for prevention and treatment of childhood obesity. ER  - 
Analysis of Pediatric Waist to Hip Ratio Relationship to Metabolic Syndrome Markers; PURPOSE: Waist to hip ratio (WHR) is a valid assessment tool to determine risk for the development or presence of metabolic syndrome, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease in adults. Evidence-based research on its validity with children and adolescents is limited. A retrospective analysis was conducted to determine if WHR in overweight and obese pediatric patients is associated with metabolic syndrome laboratory markers. METHODS: Retrospective chart reviews were performed for 754 patients ages 6 to 17 years who were enrolled in a weight management program. Data collected included WHR, laboratory markers for metabolic disorder, body mass index, demographics, presence of acanthosis nigricans, and Tanner stage. RESULTS: WHR and high-density lipoprotein were negatively correlated, r (N = 597) = -0.20, p < .001. WHR and triglycerides were positively correlated, r (N = 597) = 0.19, p < .001, as were WHR and low-density lipoprotein, r (N = 596) = 0.09, p = .03, and WHR and insulin, r (N = 414) = 0.16, p = .001. In a subject sample with very restricted range, a one-way analysis of variance found a significant effect of WHR on body mass index percentile, F (1, 754) = 22.43, p < .001, η(2) = 0.03. CONCLUSIONS: Increased WHR correlated in children and adolescents with known indicators that could be suggestive of increased risk for metabolic syndrome, specifically low high-density lipoprotein, high low-density lipoprotein, triglycerides, and insulin. These results suggest that evaluation of WHR may be a useful tool to indicate risk for developing metabolic syndrome and diabetes in children and adolescents. ER  - 
Sex-specific mediating role of insulin resistance and inflammation in the effect of adiposity on blood pressure of prepubertal children; Objective: To evaluate the association between obesity indices and blood pressure (BP) at 4 years of age, in each sex, and to quantify to which extent this association is mediated by inflammation and insulin resistance (IR). Materials and Methods: We studied 1250 4-year-old children selected from the population-based birth cohort Generation XXI. Associations between body mass index (BMI) z-score and waist-to-height ratio (WHtR), office BP, inflammation (high sensitivity C-reactive protein) and IR (HOMA-IR index) were assessed. Path Analysis, a modified multivariate regression approach, was applied to test causal models and quantify direct and indirect effects of predictors of systolic (SBP) and diastolic BP (DBP). Results: SBP and DBP increased significantly with BMI and WHtR in both sexes. There was a strong direct association (explaining 74.1-93.2% of the total association) of both measures of adiposity with SBP, in both sexes. This association was additionally indirectly mediated by IR, particularly regarding WHtR (20.5% in girls and 9.4% in boys). Mediation by inflammation did not reach statistical significance in either sex. Regarding DBP, the direct effect of adiposity was strong (>95% for BMI and WHtR in boys) and the mediation by IR was much smaller in boys than in girls. Discussion: The direct association between adiposity and BP in healthy 4-year-old children is strong and IR plays an important mediating role. The strength of effects of IR and inflammation suggests sex differences in the complex interplay between BP, adiposity and inflammation. ER  - 
Prolactinomas in children under 14. Clinical presentation and long-term follow-up; Purpose: Pediatric prolactinomas are rare, especially in children under 14 years of age. In this study, we evaluated the clinical presentation and microsurgical outcome of prolactinomas in prepubertal children. Methods: Nine patients with prolactinomas who had undergone surgical removal of the tumor before the age of 14 years were included in this retrospective study. Data on their clinical presentation, medications, physical and laboratory evaluations, radiological findings, and long-time follow-up were obtained from their medical records. Results: The main presenting symptom in the four female patients was galactorrhea (n = 4, 100 %), whereas the five male patients most commonly presented with headache (n = 4, 80 %) and growth retardation (n = 3, 60 %). Six (66.6 %) of the patients who had undergone transsphenoidal surgery were medication-free postoperatively. In three (33.3 %) patients with giant adenomas, complete resection of the tumor was not achieved. One (11.1 %) patient received radiotherapy after failed surgical and medical treatment. Postoperatively, electrolyte disturbances occurred in five (55.6 %) patients, diabetes insipidus in two (22.2 %), and thyroid dysfunction in two (22.2 %). These complications resolved spontaneously. During follow-up, growth and puberty were usually normal. Conclusions: Tumor compressive symptoms and/or gonadal and growth arrest may be the primary clinical presentations of pediatric prolactinoma. Patients who are not candidates for dopamine agonist therapy are best treated surgically, based on the low mortality and high cure rates. Hypopituitarism is a rare complication and may resolve spontaneously. Following successful treatment of a prolactinoma, growth and puberty in these children are normal. ER  - 
Physiological changes in blood pressure impact peripheral endothelial function during adolescence; Reactive hyperemia index is a measure of endothelial function used to assess subclinical atherosclerosis. When evaluated in healthy adolescents, significant changes in endothelial function were correlated with advancing age, pubertal status, and blood pressure. Blood pressure was the principal contributor to reactive hyperemia index variability independent of age, lipid profile, body mass index, and/or pubertal status. Interpretation of this peripheral vascular marker should include age and maturational changes in paediatric patients. ER  - 
Transglutaminase 4 as a prostate autoantigen in male subfertility; Autoimmune polyendocrine syndrome type 1 (APS1), a monogenic disorder caused by AIRE gene mutations, features multiple autoimmune disease components. Infertility is common in both males and females with APS1. Although female infertility can be explained by autoimmune ovarian failure, the mechanisms underlying male infertility have remained poorly understood. We performed a proteome-wide autoantibody screen in APS1 patient sera to assess the autoimmune response against the male reproductive organs. By screening human protein arrays with male and female patient sera and by selecting for gender-imbalanced autoantibody signals, we identified transglutaminase 4 (TGM4) as a male-specific autoantigen. Notably, TGM4 is a prostatic secretory molecule with critical role in male reproduction. TGM4 autoantibodies were detected in most of the adult male APS1 patients but were absent in all the young males. Consecutive serum samples further revealed that TGM4 autoantibodies first presented during pubertal age and subsequent to prostate maturation. We assessed the animal model for APS1, the Aire-deficient mouse, and found spontaneous development of TGM4 autoantibodies specifically in males. Aire-deficient mice failed to present TGM4 in the thymus, consistent with a defect in central tolerance for TGM4. In the mouse, we further link TGM4 immunity with a destructive prostatitis and compromised secretion of TGM4. Collectively, our findings in APS1 patients and Aire-deficient mice reveal prostate autoimmunity as a major manifestation of APS1 with potential role in male subfertility. ER  - 
Ambulatory blood pressure monitoring in lean, obese and diabetic children and adolescents; Aim: To determine if children and adolescents who have obesity (Ob) or type 2 diabetes (T2DM) of relatively short duration have impaired cardiovascular function compared with lean subjects using 24-hour ambulatory blood pressure as a surrogate measure of evaluation. Methods: We enrolled 100 African-Caribbean subjects (45 males/55 females), mean ages 14.4-15.2 years (range 11.8-18.5 years) and Tanner stage 4.2-4.8. Mean BMI for the Ob (n = 40), T2DM (n = 39) and lean (n = 21) groups were 40.3, 34.2 and 20.8, respectively (p < 0.01, Ob and T2DM vs. lean). Mean hemoglobin A1c in lean and Ob was 5.4 and 5.5% compared to 8.8% in T2DM (p < 0.001, T2DM vs. lean and Ob). Ambulatory blood pressure was recorded every 20 min over 24 h using Spacelabs 70207. Results: Mean 24-hour, daytime and nighttime systolic blood pressure was significantly higher in Ob and T2DM compared with lean subjects (mean 24-hour 117 and 120 vs. 109 mm Hg; daytime 121 and 123 vs. 113 mm Hg; and nighttime 109 and 115 vs. 101 mm Hg; p < 0.01 for all time periods). The nocturnal systolic dip in Ob and T2DM did not differ from that of lean, whereas nocturnal diastolic dip decreased significantly in Ob and T2DM compared to lean (11.5 and 10.4 vs. 20.6 mm Hg; p < 0.01). Mean pulse pressure was significantly increased in the Ob and T2DM groups compared to lean subjects (51 and 54 vs. 45 mm Hg; p < 0.01). Conclusion: Adolescent Ob and T2DM groups share adverse risk factors, which may be harbingers of adult cardiovascular events. ER  - 
Cardiovascular disease among women with and without diabetes mellitus and bilateral oophorectomy; Aims: Women with type-2 diabetes (DM2) are at high risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) which may be partly due to increased ovarian androgen production. Since the association of bilateral oophorectomy (BSO) with CVD remains controversial, we evaluated whether BSO is inversely associated with CVD among DM2. Methods: Data were obtained from a national sample of 9599 postmenopausal women. Adjusted estimates and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated using logistic and Cox regression. Results: At baseline 2426 women had type-2 diabetes, of whom 580 had BSO. DM2 had adverse CVD risk profiles compared to women without diabetes, as did women with BSO with or without diabetes compared to those with intact ovaries. In DM2, BSO was positively associated with prevalent CVD (odds ratio: 1.63, 95%CI: 1.16-2.30). However, the higher odds were limited to women who had BSO before age 45 years (OR: 2.11, CI: 1.45-3.08). During a mean follow-up of 12.7 years, BSO in DM2 was positively associated with CVD mortality (hazard ratio: 2.23, CI: 1.25-3.99). Among women with BSO, those with family members who had MI before age 50 had elevated odds of CVD (OR: 2.29, CI: 1.56-3.37) compared to those without such family history (OR: 0.90, CI: 0.67-1.20), Pinteraction=0.04. Conclusions: The risk of CVD is increased not decreased with BSO in DM2. Further, we propose that the association of BSO and CVD in young women with diabetes may partly reflect genetic susceptibility to CVD rather than an effect of ovarian hormones. ER  - 
Hormonal State Comparison (Progesterone, Estradiol, and Leptin) of Body Fat and Body Mass Indices in Mexican Women as a Risk Factor for Neonatal Physiologic Condition; Study Objective: Describe the impact of teen pregnancy on later ovarian activity and metabolic hormones considering the concentration of current levels of ovarian steroids and leptin in a sample of Mexican females. Design: Cross-sectional study in the maternity of the General Hospital of Atlacomulco and campus of the Autonomous University of the State of Mexico. Participants: 71women between the ages of 18 and 24, and 160 neonates seen between March 2010 and June2012. Main Outcome Measures: The measurements obtained included anthropometric body composition (bioelectrical impedance), serum hormone quantification of ovarian steroids and leptin (immunoassays), and the Apgar scores, height, and weight in neonates. Statistical analysis included ANOVA, Student, and chi-square for P < .05. Results: Adolescent mothers showed significantly lower concentrations of estradiol (P = .001) and progesterone (P = .001). However, higher levels of leptin in adolescent mothers were not statistically different compared with older mothers (P = .84). Also, leptin was correlated with all measures of adiposity. The mean birth weights (P = .001) and Apgar scores (P = .001) were lower in neonates of adolescent mothers than in neonates of adult mothers. There was no association between maternal age with the anthropometric variables studied. Conclusions: Early reproduction represents a metabolic stress condition that modifies the long term ovarian activity and metabolic hormones, and impacts the morbidity-mortality of the mother and offspring in a later vital life cycle stage. ER  - 
Targeted resequencing of the pericentromere of chromosome 2 linked to constitutional delay of growth and puberty; Constitutional delay of growth and puberty (CDGP) is the most common cause of pubertal delay. CDGP is defined as the proportion of the normal population who experience pubertal onset at least 2 SD later than the population mean, representing 2.3% of all adolescents. While adolescents with CDGP spontaneously enter puberty, they are at risk for short stature, decreased bone mineral density, and psychosocial problems. Genetic factors contribute heavily to the timing of puberty, but the vast majority of CDGP cases remain biologically unexplained, and there is no definitive test to distinguish CDGP from pathological absence of puberty during adolescence. Recently, we published a study identifying significant linkage between a locus at the pericentromeric region of chromosome 2 (chr 2) and CDGP in Finnish families. To investigate this region for causal variation, we sequenced chr 2 between the genomic coordinates of 79-124 Mb (genome build GRCh37) in the proband and affected parent of the 13 families contributing most to this linkage signal. One gene, DNAH6, harbored 6 protein-altering low-frequency variants (< 6% in the Finnish population) in 10 of the CDGP probands. We sequenced an additional 135 unrelated Finnish CDGP subjects and utilized the unique Sequencing Initiative Suomi (SISu) population reference exome set to show that while 5 of these variants were present in the CDGP set, they were also present in the Finnish population at similar frequencies. Additional variants in the targeted region could not be prioritized for follow-up, possibly due to gaps in sequencing coverage or lack of functional knowledge of non-genic genomic regions. Thus, despite having a well-characterized sample collection from a genetically homogeneous population with a large population-based reference sequence dataset, we were unable to pinpoint variation in the linked region predisposing delayed puberty. This study highlights the difficulties of detecting genetic variants under linkage regions for complex traits and suggests that advancements in annotation of gene function and regulatory regions of the genome will be critical for solving the genetic background of complex phenotypes like CDGP. ER  - 
Association between oral contraceptives use and glaucoma in United States; Purpose: To investigate the association between oral contraceptives (OCPs) use and the prevalence of glaucoma. Methods: This cross-sectional study included female participants 40 years or older, from the 2005-2008 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, who completed the vision and reproductive health questionnaire and underwent eye exams. The predictor was >3 years history of OCs usage. The primary outcome was self-reported glaucoma. Secondary outcome was FDT visual field defects in either eye and vertical cup to disc ratios. Results: After adjusting for confounders including age, gender, ethnicity, income level, education level, general health condition, history of stroke, hypertension, and diabetes; ocular health condition including history of cataract surgery, history of diabetic retinopathy; reproductive health factors including age at menarche, number of pregnancies, menopausal status, history of hormone replacement therapy; history of gynecological surgeries such as hysterectomy and bilateral oophorectomy; and history of breast, ovary or uterine cancer; those women with greater than 3 years of OCPs use had odds ratio of 2.17 of having self-reported glaucoma (P=0.0028). Other factors associated with increased risk of glaucoma include older age, African American race, and later age of menarche, history of bilateral oophorectomy (all p<0.01). Secondary outcomes, namely FDT visual field defect (in either eye) or vertical cup to disc ratio, was not found to be significantly associated with longer term (greater than three years) use of OCPs, after adjusting for the same sets of confounders. Conclusions: Greater than three years use of OCPs is possibly associated with increased risk of glaucoma, further supporting the role of circulating estrogen in the pathogenesis of glaucoma in older women. ER  - 
Female risk factors for primary openangle glaucoma and normal tension glaucoma; Purpose: There have been several reports regarding the female glaucoma risk factors for systemic factors. However, the relationship between female hormones and primary open-angle glaucoma (POAG) or normal tension glaucoma (NTG) has yet to be fully elucidated. The purpose of this present study was to investigate the systemic risk factors, including female hormone, and other systemic and ophthalmic factors, among female Japanese POAG and NTG patients and normal controls (NC). Methods: This study involved 422 females who were interviewed about their menarche age and menopause age; 69 POAG patients (mean age: 68.9 age: years), 216 NTG patients (mean age: 68.2±10.0 years), and 137 normal control subjects (mean age: 65.1 age: years). The glaucoma patients were enrolled at Sannohe Eye Clinic, Aomori, Japan and at Oike-Ikeda Eye Clinic, Kyoto, Japan from June 2010 to November 2014. The normal control subjects were enrolled at Kyoto Prefectural University of Medicine, Kyoto, Japan from March 2005 to November 2014, and were diagnosed by glaucoma specialists as normal after undergoing optic disc imaging. Female hormone factors included menarche and menopause age, periods between menarche and menopause. Systemic factors included Body Mass Index (BMI), the existence of systemic diseases [i.e., diabetes mellitus (DM), heart disease (HD), hypertension (HT), and hyperlipidemia (HL)]. Ophthalmic factors included family history of glaucoma (FH), axial length, refractive errors with phakic eye. All factors were evaluated in relation to glaucoma type using logistic regression analysis. If data was available from both eyes, right-eye data was used. Results: Logistic regression analysis showed no significant factors between POAG and NC. However, significant factors existed between NTG and NC: BMI (odds ratio: 0.9, p=0.028), FH (odds ratio: 3.2, p=0.003), and menarche age (odds ratio: 0.7, p=0.001). Significant factors existed between POAG including with NTG and NC, BMI (odds ratio: 0.9, p=0.027), FH (odds ratio: 3.0, p=0.006), and menarche age (odds ratio: 0.7, p=0.001). Conclusions: The female glaucoma risk factors for NTG and POAG were different from our dataset. Low BMI, FH of glaucoma, early menarche age were risk factors only in women with NTG. ER  - 
Sex-specific body fat thresholds for accumulation of visceral fat in children; In adults, we have reported visceral fat (VAT) does not significantly accumulate until sex-specific percent body fat (%BF) thresholds are exceeded; 23% (males) and 38% (females). Above thresholds VAT is associated with insulin resistance and dyslipidemia independent of total fat. We hypothesized a similar phenomenon occurs in children. In this cross-sectional study, 205 children (mean age 12.8 yrs, range 8-17) with a wide range of adiposity (BMI percentile range 5-99) were recruited. Dual energy x-ray absorptiometry measured total and regional body composition and fasting blood was collected for lipids, glucose and insulin. Segmented linear regression identified sex-specific thresholds of %BF, after which VAT accumulation greatly increased. The association between VAT and cardiometabolic risk factors was determined by linear regression adjusted for total body fat, race, and pubertal status. Sex-specific thresholds of %BF (M=30.4%, F=35.9%) were identified (Figure 1). Above thresholds, VAT mass and the percentage of fat in the VAT region were higher (0.7% vs. 2.1% p<0.001) suggesting a shift in fat distribution to VAT. Above threshold, but not below it, VAT was associated with triglycerides (R2=0.44 p<0.001), HDL cholesterol (R2=0.36 p<0.001), and insulin (R2=0.48 p<0.001). We identified %BF thresholds in youth that when exceeded are associated with VAT accumulation and an adverse cardiometabolic risk factor profile. (Figure Presented). ER  - 
Serum protein glucosepane and skin intrinsic fluorescence are increased in youth with type 1 diabetes; Advanced glycation end products (AGEs) have been shown to be associated with microvascular complications of diabetes. This study was done to evaluate whether AGEs and skin intrinsic fluorescence (SIF), used as a surrogate marker for skin AGEs, are increased in youth with type 1 diabetes (T1D) and to determine timing and factors that contribute to their formation. This was a cross sectional study of 101 youth age 4-22 yrs, including 70 patients with T1D and 31 age-matched controls without diabetes. Using the Scout-DS machine, SIF was measured via fluorescence excited at 459 nm (SIF- 459), using the intrinsic correction coefficients Kx 0.4, Km 0.9. Glucose-derived fructose-lysine (Amadori product) and the AGE glucosepane, were measured by liquid chromatography/mass spectrometry (LC/MS/MS) using isotope dilution method. These values were correlated with anthropometric measurements, pubertal status, duration of diabetes and hemoglobin A1c (A1c). We found that serum glucosepane and fructose-lysine were both signifi- cantly elevated in T1D as compared to controls (p<0.0001). Mean glucosepane was 43.5 + 13.6 pmol/mg protein in T1D as compared to 19.7 + 5.4 pmol/ mg protein in controls. Mean fructose-lysine was 1127.0 + 526.5 pmol/mg protein in T1D and 486.2 + 215.0 pmol/mg protein in controls. Glucosepane was significantly correlated with A1c (p =0.0007), but not with duration of diabetes. SIF-459 was significantly elevated in T1D as compared to controls (p < 0.0001) and positively correlated with increasing age (p =0.03, r 0.25) and duration of diabetes in T1D (p =0.03, r 0.25). SIF-459 was elevated even in prepubertal children to similar extent as in pubertal children with T1D. We conclude that both glucose-derived serum AGEs and SIF are signifi- cantly elevated in children with diabetes and this is seen even in prepubertal children. Early detection of AGEs may serve as novel biomarkers for early identification and monitoring of youth at risk for developing long-term complications. ER  - 
Maternal pregravid obesity accelerates the timing of pubertal onset in daughters; Early puberty is associated with a variety of chronic conditions including metabolic syndrome and cancer, therefore identification of modifiable risk factors is essential. Fetal origins of accelerated pubertal development have not been well studied. We investigated whether in utero exposure to maternal gestational diabetes (GDM) and pregravid obesity are associated with timing of pubertal onset in a multiethnic population. This cohort study included 12,222 female members of Kaiser Permanente Northern California (KPNC) age 6-11 y, who were also born at one of the KPNC facilities. Pubertal onset was assessed using pediatrician-based pubertal maturation (Tanner) staging: outcomes were ages of transition from breast stage 1 to 2+ (BR2+) or pubic hair stage 1 to 2+ (PH2+). Maternal glucose levels, height, and weight at AFP test were obtained from the electronic health record (EHR). A proportional hazards model with interval censoring was used for analysis, adjusting for maternal age and race/ethnicity. Having a mother who was overweight (body mass index (BMI) >25 kg/m2) or obese (BMI >30) was associated with earlier transition to BR2+ [hazard ratio (HR)=1.32, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.19-1.47); HR=1.42 95% CI 1.26- 1.60, respectively, vs. BMI <25]. Maternal obesity was also associated with earlier transition to PH2+ [HR=1.42 95% CI 1.25-1.62 for BMI >30; HR=1.25 95% CI 1.10-1.41 for BMI >25]. These associations were attenuated when adjusted for girl's pre-pubertal age- and sex-specific BMI percentile, but remained significant [HR for BR2+=1.16 95% 1.02-1.32; HR for PH2+=1.19 95% 1.04-1.37, BMI >30 vs. <25]. There was no association between the presence of GDM and timing of pubertal onset. Maternal obesity is associated with higher risk of earlier pubertal onset in girls, independent of their own obesity status. These results suggest the importance of monitoring obesity among pregnant women to prevent ever-accelerating pubertal maturation in girls, which may in turn prevent its long-term sequelae. ER  - 
Predictors of diabetic nephropathy in a pediatric cohort of type 1 diabetes mellitus patients: A follow-up study; Genetic, environmental and metabolic factors are linked to Diabetic Nephropathy (DN), characterized by subclinical onset in young patients. We aimed to define the Incidence Rate ×1000 person-years (IR) of microalbuminuria (Mi) and to analyze those variables influencing its development and progression. In 137 patients (55 f) with type 1 diabetes (T1D) onset since 1994 up to 2004 we recorded age, auxological data and ketoacidosis (DKA) at diagnosis, mean HbA1c levels, overnight Mi, Glomerular Filtration Rate (GFR) presence of other complications and autoimmune diseases during a 10-year follow-up. We defined 2 categories of DN: Persistent Borderline Microalbuminuria (PBMi) (AER 10-20 μg/m'/m2 in 2/3 samples over 6 months) and Persistent Microalbuminuria/Macroalbuminuria (PMi/MA) (AER>20 μg/m'/m2 in 2/3 samples over 6 months). PMi/MA was found in 16/137 (11.7%) (IR 10.0), while PBMi or PMi/MA was found in 41/137 (29.9%) (IR 28.6). DN was related to age at T1D onset (P=0.013), development of background retinopathy (BR) (P=0.011) and subclinical neuropathy (SN) (P=0.003). Pubertal stage and DKA at diagnosis, celiac and thyroid disease were not associated. Life-Table analyses showed a high risk for DN in cases with T1D diagnosed at age > 5.3 yrs (P=0.007), and with HbA1c mean levels > 8.9% (73 mmol/mol) (P=0.003) and in cases who developed SN (P=0.002), BR (P=0.03) and with GFR values ≤ 94.7 mL/min/24h (P=0.037). As regards PBMi or PMi/MA, for HbA1c >8.9% Hazard Ratio was 6.0 (P<0.0001), and for age at T1D diagnosis >6.6 years HR was 3.8 (P=0.0001). When considering PMi/MA, a major role was played by age at T1D diagnosis (HR=5.3; P=0.008). Our results indicate the importance also for pediatric patients of DN screening program since T1D clinical onset to prevent future end-stage renal failure.. ER  - 
Lifestyle factors associated with irregular menstrual cycle in Korean women; Study question: Which lifestyle factors are associated with irregular menstrual cycle in Korean women? Summary answer: Among various lifestyle factors, body mass index (BMI) and smoking habit were significantly associated with irregular menstrual cycle in Korean non-diabetic women. What is known already: Physiological regulation of menstruation cycle depends on spatiotemporal interactions of signaling between endogenous and ovarian hormones in the hypothalamic-pituitary-ovarian axis. Alteration of these orchestrated interactions by individual lifestyle and unfavorable habits may cause of irregular menstrual cycle. Study design, size, duration: This cross-sectional study with retrospectively collected data including 3,799 non-diabetic Korean women with 19-49 years old in data from the Fifth Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (KNHANES) 2010-2012. Participants/materials, setting, methods: The participants of non-diabetic women did not take any oral contraceptives and female hormones. We examined association of age, body mass index (BMI), drinking and smoking habits with irregular menstrual cycle. Statistical analyses were performed by contingency tables and logistic regression using SPSS program. Estimates are given as adjusted odds ratios with 95% confidence intervals. Main results and the role of chance: Age, BMI, marriage status, menarche age and smoking habit were significantly associated with the irregular menstrual cycle, respectively (P < 0.01). The prevalence of irregular menstrual cycle was 16.9% of 19-29 years, 9.2% of 30-39 years and 9.6% of 40-49 years, respectively. BMIs of Asian obesity criteria were strongly associated with menstrual irregularity. Obese class I group with 25.0-29.9 of BMIs (odd ratio, 1.565; 95% Cl, 1.134-2.161; P < 0.05) and obese class II group with ≥30.0 of BMIs (odd ratio, 2.042; 95% Cl, 1.160-3.594; P < 0.01) presented significantly higher risk of irregular menstrual cycle compared with normal BMIs of 18.5-22.9. We found significant higher prevalence of irregular menstrual cycle in young women (19-29 years old) with obesity group I and II as 25.4% (P < 0.001) and middle-aged women (30-39 years old) with smoking habit group as 16.1% (P < 0.005). Limitations, reason for caution: Possible limitation in our study is the use of retrospective questionnaire information on lifestyles and irregular menstrual cycle. The higher odds of irregular menstrual cycle in severely obese women may reflect other health problems in these women rather than the diabetes on the menstrual cycle. Wider implications of the findings: This study demonstrates that risk of irregular menstrual cycle was closely associated with BMI and smoking habit in Korean non-diabetic women. Weight control and smoking cessation should be recommended for promotion of women's reproductive health. ER  - 
Prevalence of thyroid autoantibodies in children, adolescents and young adults with type 1 diabetes in Kuwait; To investigate the prevalence of thyroid autoimmunity among children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes in Kuwait. Subjects and Methods: In a mixed cross-sectional and longitudinal study, anti-thyroid peroxidase (anti-TPO) and anti-thyroglobulin (anti-TG) were measured in 232 subjects (118 males and 114 females) with type 1 diabetes. Results: The mean age of the total study population was 10.9 ± 3.6 years (range 1-21), and the median diabetes duration was 3.9 years (range 0-16). At the initial screening, 57 out of 232 (24.6%) patients had positive antibodies, and of the remaining 175 patients, who were antibody negative,131 (74.3%) were followed up for 4-9 years. 23 out of these 131 (17.7%) patients became antibody positive, with a cumulative prevalence of elevated antibodies of 34.5%. Anti-TPO was present in 34 (14.7%), anti-TG in 23 (9.9%) and both antibodies in 23 (9.9%) patients. Thyroid antibodies presented early within the first 5 years of the onset of diabetes (63.2 vs. 36.8%, p < 0.05). The prevalence of elevated thyroid antibodies increased after the onset of puberty in both females and males (p < 0.0001). A total of 58.7% of the patients with positive antibodies were females compared to 41% males (p < 0.0001). The basal thyroid-stimulating hormone was higher in subjects with positive antibodies (5.1 ± 10.7 mIU/l) compared to those who were antibody negative (1.79 ± 0.87 mIU/l, p < 0.001). Furthermore, 30 out of 232 (12.9%) patients developed thyroid dysfunction. Conclusion: In this study, a high prevalence of thyroid autoimmune antibodies was found in patients either at the onset of type 1 diabetes or within the 4-9 years of follow-up. ER  - 
Efficacy and safety of domestic leuprorelin in girls with idiopathic central precocious puberty: A multicenter, randomized, parallel, controlled trial; Background: In central precocious puberty (CPP), the pulse secretion and release of gonadotropin‑releasing hormone (GnRH) are increased due to early activation of the hypothalamic‑pituitary‑gonadal axis, resulting in developmental abnormalities with gonadal development and appearance of secondary sexual characteristics. The CPP without organic disease is known as idiopathic CPP (ICPP). The objective of the study was to evaluate the clinical efficacy and safety of domestic leuprorelin (GnRH analog) in girls with ICPP. Methods: A total of 236 girls with ICPP diagnosed from April 2012 to January 2014 were selected and were randomized into two groups. One hundred fifty‑seven girls in the test group were treated with domestic leuprorelin acetate, 79 girls in the control group were treated with imported leuprorelin acetate. They all were treated and observed for 6 months. After 6‑month treatment, the percentage of children with peak luteinizing hormone (LH) ≤3.3 U/L, the percentage of children with peak LH/peak follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) ratio <0.6, the improvements of secondary sexual characteristics, gonadal development and sex hormone levels, the change of growth rate of bone age (BA) and growth velocity, and drug adverse effects between two groups were compared. Results: After the treatment, the percentage of children with a suppressed LH response to GnRH, defined as a peak LH ≤3.3 U/L, at 6 months in test and control groups were 96.80% and 96.20%, respectively, and the percentage of children with peak LH/FSH ratio ≤0.6 at 6 months in test and control groups were 93.60% and 93.70%, respectively. The sizes of breast, uterus and ovary of children and the levels of estradiol (E2) were significantly reduced, and the growth rate of BA was also reduced. All the differences between pre- and post-treatment in each group were statistically significant (P < 0. 05), but the differences of the parameters between two groups were not significant (P > 0.05). Conclusions: Domestic leuprorelin is effective and safe in the treatment of Chinese girls with ICPP. Its effectiveness and safety are comparable with imported leuprorelin. ER  - 
Statin use and all-cancer mortality: Prospective results from the Women's Health Initiative; Background: Statin medications are widely used for lipid lowering and heart disease prevention. Retrospective studies and basic scientific evidence have suggested that statins may also reduce cancer mortality. Data fromthe Women's Health Initiative Observational Study (WHI-OS) and Clinical Trial (WHI-CT) were used to investigate the association between statin use and all-cancer mortality in a prospective cohort of postmenopausal women. Methods: The WHI study enrolled women aged 50-79 from 1993-1998 at 40 U.S. clinical centers. Among 146,326 participants with median 14.6 follow-up years, 23,067 incident cancers and 3,152 cancer deaths were observed. Cox proportional hazards models were used to investigate the relationship between statin use (as a time-dependent exposure) and cancer mortality. Analyses were adjusted for age, race/ethnicity, education, smoking, body mass index, physical activity, family history of cancer, current health care provider, hormone use, age at menarche, solar irradiance, and history of heart disease/diabetes. Results: Compared with never users, current statin use was associated with significantly decreased cancer mortality (HR 0.78; 95% CI 0.71-0.86). Use of other lipid lowering medications was associated with a similar reduction in cancer deaths compared to monotherapy statin use (p-het = 0.57). The reduction in cancer death associated with statin use was not dependent on statin potency (p-het = 0.22), lipophilicity/hydrophilicity (p-het = 0.43), type (p-het = 0.34) or duration (p-het = 0.33). Current statin use was associated with significantly decreased mortality of multiple cancer types, including breast, colorectal, ovarian, digestive, and bone/connective tissue cancer deaths, but not lung cancer. However, past statin users were not at lower risk of cancer death compared to never users (HR 1.06; 95% CI, 0.85-1.33) ; additionally, statin use was not associated with a reduction in cancer incidence despite its effect on mortality (HR, 0.96; 95% CI: 0.92-1.001). Conclusions: In a cohort of postmenopausal women, regular use of statins or other lipid-lowering medications may decrease cancer mortality, regardless of the type, duration, or potency of statin medications used. ER  - 
Primary ovarian insufficiency in adolescents: A case series; Background: Primary ovarian insufficiency (POI) is characterized by 4 to 6 months of amenorrhea and elevated serum FSH and LH in females less than 40 years. Ovarian insufficiency is uncommon in pediatrics and typically results from a chromosomal abnormality or treatment for malignancy. Idiopathic POI in which no apparent precipitant is identified is even rarer. After encountering three teens with idiopathic POI in recent months, we utilized an informatics-enabled search of the electronic medical records from our hospital to identify all cases of idiopathic POI presenting from 1998-2013. Cases presentation: 15 girls (ages 14.4 to 17.9 years) met criteria for idiopathic POI. At diagnosis, breast development ranged from Tanner stage 1 to 5; 6 of 15 patients had secondary amenorrhea. All patients presented in the past 11 years and 13 of 15 in the past 5 years. Conclusions: In this first case series of POI from the United States, we observed a clustering at our institution in recent years. If an increased incidence of idiopathic POI is identified at other institutions, further investigation into potential environmental and genetic precipitants is warranted. ER  - 
Age at menarche and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease; Background & Aims The goal of this study was to examine the association between age at menarche and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in Korean women and to explore whether any observed associations were mediated by adult adiposity. Methods A cross-sectional study was performed for 95,183 Korean women, aged 30 or older, who underwent a regular health screening examination between March 2011 and April 2013. Information regarding age at menarche was collected using standardized, self-administered questionnaires. The presence of fatty liver was determined using ultrasonographic findings. Poisson regression models with robust variance were used to evaluate the association between age at menarche and NAFLD. Results Of the 76,415 women evaluated in this study, 9601 had NAFLD. Age at menarche was inversely associated with the prevalence of NAFLD. In a multivariable-adjusted model, the prevalence ratios (95% CIs) for NAFLD comparing menarche at <12, 12, 14, 15, and 16-18 years to menarche at 13 years were 1.31 (1.18-1.45), 1.05 (0.97-1.13), 0.93 (0.87-0.99), 0.87 (0.82-0.93), and 0.78 (0.73-0.84), respectively (p for trend <0.001). Adjusting for adult BMI or percent fat mass (%) substantially reduced these associations; however, they remained statistically significant. The association between age at menarche and NAFLD was modified by age. Conclusions We identified an inverse association between age at menarche and NAFLD in a large sample of middle-aged women. This association was partially mediated by adiposity. The findings of this study suggest that obesity prevention strategies are needed in women who undergo early menarche to reduce the risk of NAFLD. ER  - 
Is there a relationship between cardiovascular risk factors and dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate levels in childhood obesity?; Aim: In this study, parameters of metabolic syndrome and dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHEAS) levels in obese children and adolescents were evaluated and the associations between these factors were analyzed. Method: One hundred obese and 40 healthy children/adolescents were included in the study. Pubertal stages, anthropometric and blood pressure measurements were recorded. Levels of fasting serum lipids, glucose, insulin, and DHEAS, and liver function tests were determined. Carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT) was measured using two-dimensional echocardiography. Steatorrhoeic hepatosis was evaluated using abdominal ultrasonography in the obese group. Results: Mean body weight, body mass index, waist, hip circumference, waist/hip ratio, homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance, triglycerides, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, alanine transferase, DHEAS, and CIMT values were significantly higher in the obese group than in the controls. DHEAS levels were found to be positively correlated with waist circumference, waist/hip ratio, and CIMT. Conclusion: Early determination of metabolic and cardiac dysfunction in obese children is important for the prevention of future complications. Since in this study we found a strong association between DHEAS levels and obesity-related metabolic and cardiovascular risk factors, we believe that this may lead to increased interest in further studies of DHEAS in the search for new treatment approaches. ER  - 
Childhood obesity, thyroid function, and insulin resistance-is there a link? A longitudinal study; Background: Serum thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH) levels are frequently elevated in obese children and are most likely to be associated with insulin resistance. However, clinical relevance of this association remains unclear. Objectives: To assess the prevalence of hyperthyrotropinemia; to analyze the relationship between TSH and homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR); and to verify whether TSH levels and HOMA-IR vary with weight loss in obese children. Subjects and Methods: Retrospective longitudinal study with data from baseline and 1 year after lifestyle intervention in a pediatric obese group (344 children were recruited and 100 among them completed follow-up). For postintervention analysis, three groups were considered according to body mass index-standard deviation score (BMI-SDS) variations: ≤-0.5 (significant weight loss); 0.5-0 (weight loss); and >0 (weight gain). Statistical analysis was performed using SPSS 19.0®. Results: The prevalence of increased TSH levels was 9.3%. At baseline TSH (p=0.007), fT4 (p=0.006), and HOMA-IR (p<0.001) were positively correlated to BMI-SDS (n=344). Weight reduction was verified in 67 out of 100 cases but significant loss was present in only 21 cases. Decreases in both TSH and BMI-SDS were independently associated with decreases in HOMA-IR (p=0.005 and p=0.016, respectively). There was no correlation between TSH and BMI-SDS variation. Significant decreases in the HOMA-IR (p=0.006) were only achieved in the significant weight loss group. Conclusions: The prevalence of hyperthyrotropinemia was lower than previously reported. However, cutoff values were adjusted to pubertal stage, suggesting an over report in other studies. Insulin resistance and TSH were positively correlated, independent of body status. Although weight loss was not associated with TSH variation, a decrease in TSH levels was independently associated with decreases in HOMA-IR. ER  - 
Insulin resistance and cardiometabolic risk factors in obese children and adolescents: A hierarchical approach; Background: This study aims to globally assess the network of insulin resistance (IR)-related factors in a sample of overweight and obese Greek youths. Methods: A total of 185 subjects were examined, and IR was quantified by homeostasis model assessment (HOMA-IR). Multivariate hierarchical approach was performed, and five distinct levels were recognized, namely, immutable demographic features and early life parameters, current anthropometric measures, IR, unfavorable clinical conditions, and social parameters. Two analyses were performed based on HOMA-IR cut-off values (3.16 and, as an alternative, 3.99). Results: Obesity was associated with IR (adjusted OR=3.19, 95% CI: 1.12-9.09). IR steadily predicted low HDL (adjusted OR=5.75, 95% CI: 1.58-20.87), hypertriglyceridemia (adjusted OR=10.28, 95% CI: 1.18-89.55), and systolic hypertension. At the alternative analysis, IR was also associated with older age, older age at menarche, hyperuricemia, and low school grades. Conclusion: Emerging on the grounds of obesity, IR confers risks for dyslipidemia and hypertension at a relatively early age. Along with weight loss, interventions targeted at IR are required to prevent cardiometabolic risk in adolescence. ER  - 
Osteocalcin is inversely associated with adiposity and leptin in adolescent boys; Background/Aims: Recently, osteocalcin (OC), an osteoblast-derived hormone, has been found to correlate with adiposity, adipocytokines and insulin resistance in adults, but few studies have investigated this in children. The aim of this study was to investigate these associations in adolescent boys, for whom it is a time of significant bone mineral accrual, taking into account possible confounders related to adipose and bone tissues. Participants/Methods: Participants were 141 adolescent boys (mean age 13.9±0.7 years), who were divided into tertiles according to OC levels. Across these groups, differences in total body fat mass (FM), body fat distribution, adiponectin, leptin and insulin resistance values were examined with relation to age, pubertal stage, daily energy and calcium intakes, and physical activity. Results: Mean body mass index (BMI), FM, body fat% and leptin differed significantly between subjects in the three OC tertiles after adjustment for age, pubertal stage, energy and calcium intakes, and physical activity. There were no differences in fat free mass (FFM), bone mineral content, energy and calcium intakes, physical activity, adiponectin and insulin resistance values between study groups. For the entire cohort, mean serum OC was 130.2±45.2 ng/mL and was related to body mass, BMI, FM, body fat distribution and leptin. Circulating OC was not associated with FFM, daily energy and calcium intakes, physical activity, adiponectin or insulin resistance (insulin, glucose, homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance) values. Conclusions: In male adolescents, OC is inversely related to body adiposity and leptin values, even after consideration of several factors that may affect bone and adipose tissues. ER  - 
Gynecomastia in subjects with sexual dysfunction; Objective: To analyze possible relationships between gynecomastia and clinical and biochemical parameters in a large cohort of subjects with sexual dysfunction (SD). Methods: A consecutive series of 4,023 men attending our Outpatient Clinic for SD was retrospectively studied. Results: After excluding Klinefelter's syndrome patients, the prevalence of gynecomastia was 3.1%. Subjects with gynecomastia had significantly lower testosterone (T) levels; the association retained statistical significance after adjusting for age and life-style. However, only 33.3% of subjects with gynecomastia were hypogonadal. Gynecomastia was associated with delayed puberty, history of testicular or hepatic diseases, as well as cannabis abuse. Patients with gynecomastia more frequently reported sexual complaints, such as severe erectile dysfunction [odds ratio (OR) = 2.19 (1.26-3.86), p = 0.006], lower sexual desire and intercourse frequency [OR = 1.23 (1.06-1.58) and OR = 1.84 (1.22-2.78), respectively; both p < 0.05], orgasm difficulties [OR = 0.49 (0.28-0.83), p = 0.008], delayed ejaculation and lower ejaculate volume [OR = 1.89 (1.10-3.26) and OR = 1.51 (1.23-1.86), respectively; both p < 0.05]. Gynecomastia was also positively associated with severe obesity, lower testis volume and LH, and negatively with prostate-specific antigen levels. The further adjustment for T did not affect these results, except for obesity. After introducing body mass index as a further covariate, all the associations retained statistical significance, except for delayed ejaculation and ANDROTEST score. When considering gynecomastia severity, we found a step-wise, T-independent, decrease and increase of testis volume and LH, respectively. Gynecomastia was also associated with the use of several drugs in almost 40% of our patients. Conclusion: Gynecomastia is a rare condition in subjects with SD, and could indicate a testosterone deficiency that deserves further investigation. ER  - 
Increased metabolic risk in adolescent offspring of mothers with type 1 diabetes: the EPICOM study; Aims/hypothesis: We aimed to investigate metabolic risk factors, insulin sensitivity and insulin secretion in adolescent offspring of mothers with type 1 diabetes compared with offspring of non-diabetic mothers. Methods: During 1993–1999, pregnancies of women with type 1 diabetes in Denmark were prospectively reported to a central registry in the Danish Diabetes Association. Data included information on maternal demography, diabetes status and pregnancy outcome. We invited 746 eligible children from this cohort (index offspring) to a follow-up examination. Control offspring were identified through The Danish Central Office of Civil Registration and matched with respect to date of birth, sex and postal code. Anthropometric measurements and blood sampling for metabolic characterisation, including an oral glucose tolerance test, were performed. Results: We examined 278 index offspring (mean age 16.7 years; range 13.0–19.8 years) and 303 control offspring (mean age 16.8 years; range 13.5–20.4 years). Index offspring had higher BMI SD score (0.44: 95% CI 0.21, 0.66) compared with controls, after adjustments for pubertal development and maternal pre-pregnancy BMI. Furthermore, index offspring had a higher prevalence of components included in metabolic syndrome and prediabetes (impaired fasting glucose and/or impaired glucose tolerance), with reduced insulin sensitivity and relative insulin secretion deficiency, compared with controls. Maternal HbA1c levels in pregnancy were not directly associated with offspring metabolic outcomes. Conclusions/interpretation: Adolescent offspring of mothers with type 1 diabetes had a less favourable metabolic profile and higher frequency of prediabetes than the background population. Significant associations between these outcomes and maternal HbA1c levels in pregnancy could not be demonstrated. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT01559181 ER  - 
Pharmaceutical care of adolescents with diabetes mellitus type 1: the DIADEMA study, a randomized controlled trial; Background Physiological and psychological changes during puberty and a low adherence to complex treatment regimens often result in poor glycemic control in adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM). The benefit of pharmaceutical care in adults with diabetes mellitus type 2 has been explored; however, evidence in adolescents with T1DM is scarce. Objective To evaluate the impact of pharmaceutical care in adolescents with T1DM provided by pharmacists, in collaboration with physicians and diabetes educators on important clinical outcomes (e.g., HbA1c and severe hypoglycemia) Setting: At the outpatient Helios Paediatric Clinic and at the 12 regular community pharmacies of the study patients with 14 pharmacists in the Krefeld area, Germany, and at the University Pediatric Clinic with one clinical pharmacist on-site in Sarajevo, Bosnia-Herzegovina. Methods A randomized, controlled, prospective, multicenter study in 68 adolescents with T1DM. The intervention group received monthly structured pharmaceutical care visits delivered by pharmacists plus supplementary visits and phone calls on an as needed basis, for 6 months. The control group received usual diabetic care. Data were collected at baseline and after 3 and 6 months. Main outcome measures: The between-group difference in the change from baseline in glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) and the number of severe hypoglycemic events in both groups. Results The improvement from baseline in HbA1c was significantly greater in the intervention group than in the control group after 6 months (change from baseline −0.54 vs. +0.32 %, p = 0.0075), even after adjustment for country-specific variables (p = 0.0078). However, the effect was more pronounced after only 3 months (−1.09 vs. +0.23 %, p = 0.00002). There was no significant between-group difference in the number of severe hypoglycemia events. (p = 0.1276). Conclusion This study suggests that multidisciplinary PhC may add value in the management of T1DM in adolescents with inadequate glycemic control. However, the optimal methods on how to achieve sustained, long-term improvements in this challenging population require further study. ER  - 
The efficacy and safety of growth hormone therapy in children with noonan syndrome: A review of the evidence; Noonan syndrome is a genetic disorder associated with short stature. We reviewed 15 studies in which growth hormone (GH) therapy was used in children with Noonan syndrome. Data show consistent increases in mean height standard deviation score (SDS), with first-year changes of up to 1.26 SDS. Among studies reporting adult or near-adult height, GH therapy over 5-7 years resulted in adult height SDS from -0.6 to -2.1, with up to 60% of subjects in some studies achieving adult height within 1 SDS of mid-parental height. GH treatment results in an acceleration of bone age, likely reflecting normalization from the retarded bone age common in Noonan syndrome patients at the start of therapy. BMI is not affected by GH treatment, but favorable changes in fat mass and body composition are achievable. Longer-term studies and observational studies suggest a waning of the effect of GH therapy over time, as is seen in other GH-treated conditions, and early initiation of therapy and prepubertal status are important predictors of response. GH treatment does not appear to be associated with adverse cardiac or metabolic effects, and data on malignancy during GH treatment give no cause for concern, although they are limited. ER  - 
Efficacy and Safety of Human Growth Hormone in Idiopathic Short Stature; Objective: To explore the efficacy and safety of medium dose of recombinant human growth hormone (rhGH) in the treatment of prepubescent girls with idiopathic short stature (ISS). Methods: Fifty-one prepubescent girls with ISS were recruited into the study and divided into the treatment group (n = 27) and the control group (n = 24) depending on whether or not they accepted rhGH therapy respectively. A therapeutic dose of 0.35–0.42 mg of rhGH·(kg·wk)<sup>−1</sup> was administered for 2 y. The control group patients did not receive rhGH treatment. The height, growth rate, height standard deviation score (HtSDS), bone age (BA), the expected adult height (PAH), and potential side effects of rhGH treatment were analysed and compared between the groups. Results: The growth rate and htSDS during years 1 and 2 were significantly higher in the treatment group than in the control group. The expected adult height was significantly higher after 2 y of treatment as compared to the corresponding value in the control group. The BA after years 1 and 2 did not significantly differ between the two groups. Conclusions: Thus, short-term therapy with a medium dose of rhGH was found to have a precise effect on prepubertal children with ISS. At this dose, it can significantly increase the growth rate of children and improve the expected adult height without accelerating bone maturation. No serious adverse reactions were found in association with rhGH use during the two-year study period. ER  - 
Endocrine and pubertal disturbances in optic nerve hypoplasia, from infancy to adolescence; Background: Endocrinologic abnormalities are a common co-morbidity in patients with optic nerve hypoplasia (ONH), however the impact on puberty is unknown. The purpose of this study was to examine rates of endocrine dysfunction and pubertal disturbances in a pediatric population of ONH. Methods: A retrospective chart review was conducted on a cohort of children with ONH between January 2005 and March 2013. Endocrine dysfunction was determined based on laboratory evidence of hormone deficiency or hormone replacement. Pubertal disturbances were characterized based on presence of micropenis, tanner staging, menarche and hormone replacement. Pituitary abnormalities were classified using MRI findings. Descriptive statistics were used, and comparisons between groups were performed using the chi-square test. Results: During the study period, 101 patients underwent an endocrine evaluation (median age: 2.3 years [0.76 - 6.5]). Hypopituitarism was present in 73% of patients with growth hormone deficiency (56%) and hypothyroidism (54%) being the most common. Pubertal disturbances (n = 19) were common; micropenis in 31% (13/42) of males and 2% with precocious puberty. Half of adolescents (n = 4/8) were diagnosed with gonadotropin deficiency. Patients with MRI pituitary abnormalities were more likely to have endocrine dysfunction than those without (p = 0.004). The sensitivity and specificity of MRI pituitary abnormalities for hypopituitarism was 54% and 92%, respectively. Conclusions: A significant proportion of children with ONH have endocrine dysfunction. The high frequency of pubertal disturbances in this study emphasizes the need for long-term monitoring of developing endocrinopathy. While pituitary gland abnormalities are a good predictor of endocrine dysfunction, a normal pituitary gland does not rule out endocrinopathy. ER  - 
Bone loss and vitamin D deficiency in children undergoing hematopoietic cell transplantation; Background: Hematopoietic cell transplantation (HCT) may be detrimental to bone health and vitamin D status in children. Procedure: We conducted a prospective, multicenter cohort study to identify changes in bone health markers during the first 100 days after allogeneic HCT in 26 children. Bone mineral density (BMD), bone mineral content (BMC), and serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25OHD) concentrations were measured at baseline, 30 days, and 100 days after HCT. Results: Mean (SD) BMD and BMC Z-scores (-0.48 ± 1.09 and -0.98 ± 1.26, respectively) were normal at baseline. Repeated-measures analysis revealed significant declines in BMD and BMC Z-scores over the 100 day study period, when adjusted for age, sex, Tanner stage, lean mass, fat mass, resting energy expenditure, total energy intake, insulin sensitivity, serum phosphorus, and inpatient steroid intake. Adjusted mean (SE) 25OHD concentrations declined from 29.2 (3.1)ng/ml at baseline, to 17.7 (1.8)ng/ml at 100 days after HCT. Vitamin D deficiency (25OHD <20ng/ml) was present in 50% of patients 100 days after HCT. Conclusions: Significant bone loss and vitamin D deficiency occur in children in the first 100 days following allogeneic HCT. Strategies to diminish acute bone loss during HCT in children are needed. Pediatr Blood Cancer 2015;62:687-692. ER  - 
Fibroblast growth factor-21, body composition, and insulin resistance in pre-pubertal and early pubertal males and females; Objective Accumulating evidence derived primarily from animal models suggests that fibroblast growth factor-21 (FGF-21) may affect the musculoskeletal system via effects on the capacity of tissues to respond to insulin. A proportion of musculoskeletal properties and underpinnings of promoting/preventing insulin resistance are established early in the pubertal transition. Thus, the objective of this study was to test the hypothesis that insulin resistance and/or obesity will promote greater FGF-21 concentration which will be inversely associated with musculoskeletal parameters [lean mass and bone mineral content (BMC)] in pre-/early pubertal children. Given the sexual dimorphic nature of musculoskeletal development of fat mass accrual, differences by obesity status and sex were also investigated. Design Cross-sectional. Patients Children ages 7-12 years (n = 69, 38% male, 48% non-Hispanic black, 45% obese). Measurements Fasting FGF-21, glucose and insulin measures were obtained. An estimate of insulin resistance was derived using the homoeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). Body composition (BMC, lean mass and fat mass) was assessed by DXA. Multivariate regression analysis was used to evaluate the influence of FGF-21 on BMC, lean mass and HOMA-IR as dependent variables. Obesity status was established based on BMI z-score. Results FGF-21 concentrations did not differ by obesity status or by sex. There was an inverse association between FGF-21 and BMC among nonobese individuals (P = 0·01) and an inverse association between FGF-21 and lean mass among females (P = 0·02), which were both independent of fat mass. FGF-21 was inversely associated with HOMA-IR in males, but not females (P = 0·04). Conclusions The existence of relationships of FGF-21 with musculoskeletal parameters and insulin resistance raises the possibility of crosstalk between these systems. These findings suggest that circulating FGF-21 may differ in its association with bone, lean mass and insulin resistance depending on sex and weight status. ER  - 
Early menarche increases the risk of Type 2 diabetes in young and middle-aged Korean women; Aims: To investigate the association between early menarche (menarche age < 12 years) and Type 2 diabetes mellitus in young and middle-aged Korean women. Methods: We analysed data for 4657 women aged 20-50 years from the Fourth Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (KNHANES IV) (2007-2009). Results: The prevalence of Type 2 diabetes was 2.8%. Women with early menarche had a higher prevalence of impaired fasting glucose than did women with later menarche (age ≥ 12 years) in the 20-30 age group (7.4% vs. 3.0%), and a higher prevalence of diabetes in the 30-40 (6.3% vs. 1.7%) and 40-50 (18.5% vs. 4.4%) age groups. The odds ratio (OR) of Type 2 diabetes in women with early menarche was 3.61 [95% confidence interval (CI), 1.90-6.88] after adjusting for age. In multivariate regression, the OR of Type 2 diabetes decreased to 2.52 (95% CI, 1.29-4.94) after further adjusting for BMI. However, the OR decreased to 2.04 (95% CI, 0.95-4.39) without significance after adjusting for HOMA-IR. Conclusions: Early menarche increased the risk of Type 2 diabetes in young and middle-aged Korean women although adulthood adiposity attenuated the relationship. Knowledge of age at menarche is important in identifying women at risk for diabetes. ER  - 
Breastfeeding and maternal hypertension and diabetes: A population-based cross-sectional study; Objective: This study aimed to assess the association of breastfeeding and maternal hypertension and diabetes in Beijing, China. Subjects and Methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted in four urban communities of Beijing, China, with 9,128 parous women 40-81 years of age who had had only one lifetime birth. Each participant completed a detailed survey and accepted blood pressure measurement and blood glucose testing. Moreover, self-reported hypertension and diabetes were confirmed by review of medical records. Results: After the analysis was adjusted for the potential confounders, including age, body mass index (BMI), waist to hip ratio (WHR), working status, educational level, drinking, smoking, family history of hypertension, age of menarche, menopause, oral contraceptive use, age of child-bearing, and postpartum BMI, the odd ratio (OR) of hypertension was 1.18 (95% confidence interval [CI], 1.05-1.32) for women who did not breastfeed, compared with women who did. In addition, the ORs for >0 to 6 months, >6 to 12 months, and >12 months of breastfeeding were 0.87 (95% CI, 0.76-0.99), 0.83 (95% CI, 0.68-1.00), and 0.79 (95% CI, 0.65-0.97), respectively, compared with women who did not breastfeed. With adjustment for age, WHR, working status, educational level, family history of diabetes, and postpartum BMI, women who did not breastfeed increased the risk of diabetes (OR=1.30; 95% CI, 1.11-1.53) compared with women who did. Moreover, women who breastfed for >0 to 6 months (OR=0.81; 95% CI, 0.67-0.98) and >6 to 12 months (OR=0.46; 95% CI, 0.26-0.84) had a lower risk of diabetes, compared with women who did not breastfeed. Conclusions: Chinese mothers who did not breastfeed were more likely to develop hypertension and diabetes in later life. ER  - 
Serum uric acid (UA) levels and metabolic syndrome (METS) in elementary school children with obesity from nuevo león, mexico; The aim of this study was to investigate prevalence of hyperuricemia and MetS in the Elementary School children from Nuevo León, Mexico and the relationship between serum uric acid and the MetS. A cross-sectional study was conducted among 299 children (172 boys and 127 girls) aged 6-12 years, recruited through a Universidad Autónoma de Nuevo León summer health camps. The diagnosis of the MetS is made as recommended by International Diabetes Federation when all of the children present abdominal obesity (WC 90th percentile) and two or more of the following criteria: 1) systolic blood pressure 130 mmHg or diastolic blood pressure 85 mmHg; 2) fasting triglycerides 150 mg/dL; 3) HDL-C <40 mg/dL; 4) fasting glucose 100 mg/dL). The prevalence of MetS was 37.4% in this population. Of those diagnosed with MetS, majority had levels of uric acid in the third and fourth quartile. Compared with the lowest 2 quartiles of UA together (2.0-4.8 mg/dL) the odds ratios were .764 (95% confidence interval, 0.427-1.367), for those in the third quartile (4.9 to 5.5 mg/dL) the odds ratios were 1.27 (95% confidence interval, 0.601 to 2.684) and for those in the top quartile (5.6-8.0 mg/dL) the odds ratios were .481 (95% confidence interval, 0.239-0.971) after adjustment for age, gender, and Tanner stage. Among Mexican elementary school children from the state of Nuevo León, serum UA is strongly associated with the prevalence and severity of MetS. ER  - 
Cold-stimulated supraclavicular skin temperature as a measure of brown adipose tissue activity and its relation to physical activity and body composition in 8-10 year old boys; Background: Brown adipose tissue (BAT) is a highly metabolically active tissue that may have a positive influence on obesity and metabolic health by increasing energy expenditure. In studies measuring BAT with Positron Emission Tomography/Computed Tomography (PET/CT), children appear to have a higher prevalence of BAT than adults; however this methodology is not suitable for widespread research in children. Since BAT declines with age, its anti-obesity effects may be most effective in younger individuals. Therefore it is necessary to clarify factors influencing BAT in childhood and how this relates to metabolic health. In doing so, we can determine the potential to utilize BAT to prevent or improve metabolic disorders such as obesity and diabetes in children and adults alike. Method: We will recruit 80 pre-pubertal boys to this cross-sectional study. The study includes 3 visits, in which we measure anthropometry, body composition (dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry), resting energy expenditure (REE) before and after cold, physical activity (accelerometer) and BAT activity. BAT activity is determined using infrared thermal imaging to detect skin temperature in the supraclavicular region, where BAT is most prevalent in adults. Our technique involves stimulating BAT with a 12-degree cooling blanket worn around the torso for 30 minutes and monitoring changes in skin temperature in the supraclavicular region. We are interested in examining cold-induced thermogenesis in relation to factors believed to alter BAT including body composition and physical activity. ER  - 
Modelling the association between variants in the IGF-axis and systolic blood pressure as a gene-network; It is well accepted that lifestyle and environmental factors play an important role toward causation of elevated blood pressure (BP) levels. High BP is a major modifiable risk factor for cardiovascular diseases (CVD). The prevalence of high BP (or essential/primary hypertension) is recognised to be due to epistasis and the interplay of gene-gene and gene-environment interactions which is correlated with genomic complexity. However, in the current large scale genome-wide framework it is practically impossible to model millions of Single Nucleotide Polymorphisms (SNPs) generated by genome-wide association studies along with repeatedly collected phenotypic measures, due to space and heavy computational constraints. Here I have analysed Systolic Blood Pressure (SBP) with the Insulin-like Growth Factor (IGF) network (which has previously been shown to be associated with blood pressure and cardiovascular health) using a twostage mixed effects gene-set analyses as an example of a proposed method to meet the need to develop sophisticated approaches that model the multilevel variation simultaneously and incorporate gene or pathway-level data into the model whilst not being technologically exhausting. The gene interaction network summarised SNP data within the nine IGF-axis genes (two ligands; IGF1 and IGF2, two receptors; IGF1R and IGF2R, five binding proteins; IGFBP1-5) and their association with the longitudinal SBP outcome from a total of 2279 individuals from The Western Australian Pregnancy (Raine) Cohort Study with one or more measures of SBP recorded between the ages of 5 and 17 years, adjusting for BMI, age as a discrete variable (<10 years, 11-14 years, 15+ years) and sex, with age and sex interacting with all gene-gene interactions. There were 30 gene-gene interactions that were significant at p<0.05 after adjusting for Bonferroni-correction, most (27 effects) were observed in adolescents (post-puberty 15+ years) as the children enter adulthood. Only three significant effects were observed in the younger age groups (<10 years and 11-14 years). Of the 27 significant post-puberty genegene interactions, nine were significant at p<0.0001, with twice as many in males (six) compared to females (three). The most significant association in females was between IGF1-IGF2R (p=3.18x10-10) and in males it was between IGF1-IGFBP4 (p=1.59x10-13), for children aged >15 years. Overall, the results attained are reasonable and align logically with current literature. This gene-network is modified with age; this in itself may be due to a number of reasons including diet, hormones and developmental growth over time, particularly post-puberty. ER  - 
Diabetes and onset of natural menopause: Results from the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition; STUDY QUESTION Do women who have diabetes before menopause have their menopause at an earlier age compared with women without diabetes? SUMMARY ANSWER Although there was no overall association between diabetes and age at menopause, our study suggests that early-onset diabetes may accelerate menopause. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY Today, more women of childbearing age are being diagnosed with diabetes, but little is known about the impact of diabetes on reproductive health. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION We investigated the impact of diabetes on age at natural menopause (ANM) in 258 898 women from the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC), enrolled between 1992 and 2000. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS Determinant and outcome information was obtained through questionnaires. Time-dependent Cox regression analyses were used to estimate the associations of diabetes and age at diabetes diagnosis with ANM, stratified by center and adjusted for age, smoking, reproductive and diabetes risk factors and with age from birth to menopause or censoring as the underlying time scale. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE Overall, no association between diabetes and ANM was found (hazard ratio (HR) = 0.94; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.89-1.01). However, women with diabetes before the age of 20 years had an earlier menopause (10-20 years: HR = 1.43; 95% CI 1.02-2.01, <10 years: HR = 1.59; 95% CI 1.03-2.43) compared with non-diabetic women, whereas women with diabetes at age 50 years and older had a later menopause (HR = 0.81; 95% CI 0.70-0.95). None of the other age groups were associated with ANM. LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION Strengths of the study include the large sample size and the broad set of potential confounders measured. However, results may have been underestimated due to survival bias. We cannot be sure about the sequence of the events in women with a late age at diabetes, as both events then occur in a short period. We could not distinguish between type 1 and type 2 diabetes. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS Based on the literature, an accelerating effect of early-onset diabetes on ANM might be plausible. A delaying effect of late-onset diabetes on ANM has not been reported before, and is not in agreement with recent studies suggesting the opposite association. STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTEREST(S) The coordination of EPIC is financially supported by the European Commission (DG-SANCO) and the International Agency for Research on Cancer. The national cohorts are supported by Danish Cancer Society (Denmark); Ligue Contre le Cancer, Institut Gustave Roussy, Mutuelle Générale de l'Education Nationale, Institut National de la Santé et de la Recherche Médicale (INSERM) (France); German Cancer Aid, German Cancer Research Center (DKFZ) and Federal Ministry of Education and Research (BMMF) (Germany); Ministry of Health and Social Solidarity, Stavros Niarchos Foundation and Hellenic Health Foundation (Greece); Italian Association for Research on Cancer (AIRC) and National Research Council (Italy); Dutch Ministry of Public Health, Welfare and Sports (VWS), Netherlands Cancer Registry (NKR), LK Research Funds, Dutch Prevention Funds, Dutch ZON (Zorg Onderzoek Nederland), World Cancer Research Fund (WCRF), Statistics Netherlands (The Netherlands); ERC-2009-AdG 232997 and Nordforsk, Nordic Centre of Excellence programme on Food, Nutrition and Health (Norway); Health Research Fund (FIS), Regional Governments of Andalucía, Asturias, Basque Country, Murcia (no. 6236) and Navarra, ISCIII RETIC (RD06/0020) (Spain); Swedish Cancer Society, Swedish Scientific Council and Regional Government of Skåne and Västerbotten (Sweden); Cancer Research UK, Medical Research Council, Stroke Association, British Heart Foundation, Department of Health, Food Standards Agency, and Wellcome Trust (UK). None of the authors reported a conflict of interest. ER  - 
Clinical relevance of transforming growth factor-β1, interleukin-6 and haptoglobin for prediction of obesity complications in prepubertal egyptian children; BACKGROUND: The rate of obesity is increasing throughout the world. Obesity in adults’ research is characterized by chronic inflammation, associated with type 2 Diabetes and cardiovascular risk. The degree to which these changes occur in childhood obesity is not fully defined. AIM: This study was designed to explore the relation between circulating levels of pro-inflammatory cytokines, and obesity. PATIENTS AND METHODS: This cross sectional case control study was carried out in 50 randomly selected pre-pubertal overweight and obese children compared with fifty apparently healthy children of matched age and sex. Serum levels of transforming growth factor-β1, interleukin-6, and haptoglobin were quantified by ELISA technique. RESULTS: ANOVA test followed by Post Hoc test showed highly significant increase in the serum levels of the transforming growth factor-β1, interleukin-6 and haptoglobin among obese children compared to overweight and healthy children respectively. The body weight, BMI and BMI z-score were significantly positively correlated with serum levels of the three pro-inflammatory cytokines. Serum levels of interleukin-6, and haptoglobin were found to be strong predictors of complications in severe obesity by linear regression analysis. CONCLUSIONS: Obesity is associated with chronic low-grade inflammation. High levels of interleukin-6 and haptoglobin are considered to be early biomarkers of inflammation associated with severe obesity with subsequent cardiovascular and type 2 diabetes risk. ER  - 
Clinical relevance of transforming growth factor-β1, interleukin-6 and haptoglobin for prediction of obesity complications in prepubertal Egyptian children; BACKGROUND: The rate of obesity is increasing throughout the world. Obesity in adults’ research is characterized by chronic inflammation, associated with type 2 Diabetes and cardiovascular risk. The degree to which these changes occur in childhood obesity is not fully defined. AIM: This study was designed to explore the relation between circulating levels of pro-inflammatory cytokines, and obesity. PATIENTS AND METHODS: This cross sectional case control study was carried out in 50 randomly selected pre-pubertal overweight and obese children compared with fifty apparently healthy children of matched age and sex. Serum levels of transforming growth factor-β1, interleukin-6, and haptoglobin were quantified by ELISA technique. RESULTS: ANOVA test followed by Post Hoc test showed highly significant increase in the serum levels of the transforming growth factor-β1, interleukin-6 and haptoglobin among obese children compared to overweight and healthy children respectively. The body weight, BMI and BMI z-score were significantly positively correlated with serum levels of the three pro-inflammatory cytokines. Serum levels of interleukin-6, and haptoglobin were found to be strong predictors of complications in severe obesity by linear regression analysis. CONCLUSIONS: Obesity is associated with chronic low-grade inflammation. High levels of interleukin-6 and haptoglobin are considered to be early biomarkers of inflammation associated with severe obesity with subsequent cardiovascular and type 2 diabetes risk. ER  - 
Lipid and glucose alterations in perinatally-acquired HIV-infected adolescents and young adults; Background: Successful antiretroviral therapy (ART) has dramatically reduced mortality among HIV-infected children. However, there is growing concern about long-term effects associated to ART. The aim of this study was to determine the prevalence of metabolic abnormalities in a cohort of perinatally HIV-infected adolescents and young adults and to identify associated factors. Methods: We present results from a cross-sectional analysis including individuals 12 to 20 years of age, from a prospective, longitudinal cohort of perinatally-acquired HIV-infected children, adolescents and young adults in Madrid. Clinical and immunological data were recorded and complete lipid and glycemic profiles were determined. Results: Ninety-nine adolescents were included, with a median age of 15.3 years [13.6-16.7]. Patients with abnormal levels of lipids were as follows: 27.2% total cholesterol ≥200 mg/dl, 25.9% LDL cholesterol (LDL-c)≥130 mg/dl, 14.1% HDL-C<35 mg/dl and 39.8% triglycerides≥150 mg/dl. Current use of protease inhibitors (PI) was associated with higher triglyceride values (p=0.022). Four (4.6%) patients showed fasting glucose≥100 mg/dl and 30.6% presented with insulin resistance (IR) (HOMA-IR over the 90th centile). In the multivariate logistic regression analysis adjusted for sex, age, weight, Tanner stage, protease inhibitors (PI) and nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors (NRTI) treatment length and CD4 nadir, IR was associated with higher waist circumference Z score; OR: 3.92(CI95%: 1.15-13.4) (p=0.03). Conclusion: There was a high prevalence of insulin resistance and lipid abnormalities in this cohort of perinatally-acquired HIV-infected adolescents. A simple clinical measurement like waist circumference Z score might be a reliable marker and predictor of insulin resistance in these patients. ER  - 
Psychosexual Development in Men with Congenital Hypogonadotropic Hypogonadism on Long-Term Treatment: A Mixed Methods Study; Introduction: Congenital hypogonadotropic hypogonadism (CHH) is a rare, genetic, reproductive endocrine disorder characterized by absent puberty and infertility. Limited information is available on the psychosocial impact of CHH and psychosexual development in these patients. Aim: The aim of this study was to determine the impact of CHH on psychosexual development in men on long-term treatment. Methods: A sequential mixed methods explanatory design was used. First, an online survey (quantitative) was used to quantify the frequency of psychosexual problems among CHH men. Second, patient focus groups (qualitative) were conducted to explore survey findings in detail and develop a working model to guide potential nursing and interdisciplinary interventions. Main Outcome Measures: Patient characteristics, frequency of body shame, difficulty with intimate relationships, and never having been sexually active were assessed. Additionally, we collected subjective patient-reported outcomes regarding the impact of CHH on psychological/emotional well-being, intimate relationships, and sexual activity. Results: A total of 101 CHH men on long-term treatment (>1 year) were included for the analysis of the online survey (mean age 37±11 years, range 19-66, median 36). Half (52/101, 51%) of the men had been seen at a specialized academic center and 37/101 (37%) reported having had fertility-inducing treatment. A high percentage of CHH men experience psychosexual problems including difficulty with intimate relationships (70%) and body image concerns/body shame (94/101, 93%), and the percentage of men never having been sexually active is five times the rate in a reference group (26% vs. 5.4%, P<0.001). Focus groups revealed persisting body shame and low self-esteem despite long-term treatment that has lasting impact on psychosexual functioning. Conclusions: CHH men frequently experience psychosexual problems that pose barriers to intimate relationships and initiating sexual activity. These lingering effects cause significant distress and are not ameliorated by long-term treatment. Psychosexual assessment in CHH men with appropriate psychological support and treatment should be warranted in these patients. ER  - 
Relative leg length is associated with type 2 diabetes differently according to pubertal timing: the Brazilian longitudinal study of adult health; OBJECTIVES: Studies from developed societies have shown that individuals with short legs relative to height have higher risk of type 2 diabetes. This has been much less explored in less developed populations where influences on relative leg length and diabetes may differ. The Brazilian Longitudinal Study of Adult Health (in Portuguese, ELSA-Brasil) allows us to test, in a cohort born (1934-1975) and raised when undernutrition was common, whether short legs relative to height is positively associated with diabetes, independent of early-life factors, including birth weight, age at menarche, and young-adult BMI. METHODS: We used baseline, cross-sectional data from 15,105 participants aged 35-74 years participating in ELSA-Brasil. We created age-and-sex-specific Z scores for leg length index (leg length/height × 100) according to an external reference. Diabetes was defined by self-reported physician diagnosis, medication use, fasting and 2-h post-75-g-load glucose, and A1C. RESULTS: A one-unit decrement in leg-length-index Z score was associated with 12% (8-17%) higher prevalence of diabetes in Brazilian adults, after adjustment through Poisson regression for confounders, including race, maternal education, and birth weight. This association persisted after further adjustment for menarche age, BMI (at age 20), buttocks circumference, and waist circumference. It was stronger among women with early menarche (P interaction = 0.02). Leg length index was also inversely associated with fasting glucose, fasting insulin, 2-h glucose, and A1C (P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: In contemporary Brazilian adults, short legs relative to height is positively associated with diabetes independent of measures of intrauterine growth, pubertal timing, and young-adult adiposity. This association is stronger in women with early menarche. ER  - 
Later age at menarche reduces the risk of operative first delivery by shortening the menarche to birth interval; INTRODUCTION: The risk of operative delivery (cesarean and assisted vaginal) increases with advancing maternal age. We previously hypothesized that prolonged, cyclical, pre-pregnancy exposure to estrogen and progesterone contributes to uterine ageing (Smith et al, PLoS Med 2008;5:e144). This hypothesis makes 3 predictions: (1) later age at menarche would be associated with a reduced risk of operative delivery, (2) the association would disappear following adjustment for the menarche to birth interval, (3) the risk of operative delivery would increase with longer menarche to birth interval. METHODS: We used the Norwegian Mothers and Baby Cohort study, and analyzed the relationship between age at menarche and the risk of operative delivery in 38,069 first labors with a singleton infant in a cephalic presentation at term. The relationship between age at menarche and menarche to birth interval (as continuous variables, scaled for a 5y increase) and the risk of operative delivery was assessed using multivariate logistic regression analysis. Confounding by maternal characteristics was assessed by adjustment for maternal height, BMI, smoking, marital status, onset of labour, week of GA, BW percentile, infertility treatment, diabetes, educational status and household income. RESULTS: A five year increase in age at menarche was associated with a reduced risk of operative delivery (unadjusted odds ratio [OR, (95% CI), P]: 0.79, (0.72-0.86), P<0.001). This was due to a reduced risk of both emergency cesarean delivery and operative vaginal delivery. Adjustment for the age at first birth slightly strengthened the association (adjOR: 0.72, [0.66-0.78], P<0.001). However, adjustment for the menarche to birth interval resulted in loss of the association (adjOR 0.99, [0.91 to 1.08], P=0.81). A five year increase in menarche to birth interval was linearly associated with the log odds of operative delivery (unadjusted OR: 1.37 [1.34-1.41], P<0.001). Adjustment for an extensive series of maternal demographic and anthropometric characteristics had no effect (adjusted OR 1.37 [1.32-1.41], P<0.001). CONCLUSIONS: These observations support the hypothesis that age related deterioration in the outcome of first labour is related to prolonged pre-pregnancy exposure to the female sex hormones. This hypothesis suggests that the method of contraception used to delay first pregnancy may affect the process of first parturition. ER  - 
Effectiveness of transcervical hysteroscopic endometrial resection based on the prevention of the recurrence of endometrial polyps in post-menopausal women; Background: The objectives of this study were to determine the effectiveness the effectiveness of post-polypectomy hysteroscopic endometrial resection in preventing the recurrence of endometrial polyps in post-menopausal patients and analyse the complications and necessity of additional surgery in patients, in addition to their degree of satisfaction. Methods: A prospective longitudinal study of post-menopausal patients diagnosed with endometrial polyps was conducted including polypectomy and hysteroscopic endometrial resection following the therapeutic purposes (endometrial polyp removal) and prevention of recurrence of endometrial polyps. We evaluated the general condition and characteristics of the patients, including age, BMI, smoking habits, medical, surgical, and obstetrics history and menstrual status. The results were analysed at several time points, 6, 18, 42 and 60 months by hysteroscopy, including the presence of vaginal bleeding and/or possible intracavitary pathology. Results: A total of 89.5% (n = 355) of our patients had profile factors associated with the increased incidence of endometrial polyps and hyperestrogenism (diabetes mellitus, hypertension and overweight); 89.5% (n = 355) of patients were overweight; 34% had grade I obesity. The surgical procedure was safe, with a 90% (n = 357) success rate without complications, which was higher than the 95-99.5% at the beginning and end time points of the study. Patient acceptance and satisfaction was 90 and 84%, respectively. Conclusions: Endometrial resection proved effective in preventing the recurrence of endometrial polyps. It is a safe and effective method. Post-menopausal bleeding reduces the presence of endometrial polyps. Patients reported satisfaction and acceptance of the procedure. ER  - 
Glucose tolerance affects pubertal growth and final height of children with cystic fibrosis; There are few data about the impact of cystic fibrosis-related diabetes (CFRD) on growth.We analyzed 17 children with cystic fibrosis (CF) presenting with newly diagnosed CFRD during puberty, in comparison with a matched control group of 52 CF children with normal glucose tolerance (NGT). Anthropometric evaluation showed that body mass index at CFRD diagnosis was significantly reduced in children with CFRD, in comparison with children with NGT (CFRD: -0.48 ± 1.08 vs. NGT: 0.2 ± 0.99; P = 0.01), and the same difference remained evident at the end of follow up (CFRD: -0.49 ± 0.95 vs. NGT: 0.13 ± 0.89; P = 0.04). Height standard deviation score (SDS) at baseline was slightly but not significantly lower in CFRD children (CFRD: -0.71 ± 0.83 vs. NGT: -0.25 ± 1.08; P = 0.08), while final height SDS was significantly reduced (CFRD: -1.61 ± 1.12 vs. NGT: -0.61 ± 1.15; P = 0.003). Mean final height SDS of the whole group was lower than mean target height SDS (final height SDS: -0.86 ± 1.2 vs. target height SDS: -0.3 ± 0.85; P < 0.001). Target adjusted final height was lower in CFRD children, although the difference between CFRD and NGT children did not reach statistical significance (CFRD: -0.8 ± 1.03 vs. NGT: -0.47 ± 0.9; P = 0.09). Pubertal growth and final height are negatively affected by CFRD. Intensive insulin treatment does not appear to be effective in normalizing growth, even when treatment is started early in the course of the disease, before the onset of clinical deterioration. ER  - 
The effect of insulin resistance on the cortical bone-IGF-I relationship in children; During pubertal maturation, insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) plays a key role in bone mass accrual and cortical bone expansion. Although normal maturational growth is accompanied by fluctuations in insulin resistance, excessive insulin resistance during adolescence has been identified as a negative predictor of appendicular cortical bone size and strength. The aim of this study was to determine whether the relationships between IGF-I and cortical bone geometry differ among children with normal and higher insulin resistance. Participants included 61 healthy black and white boys and girls (mean±SD age 11.3±1.2 years). Tibia and radius cortical bone and muscle cross-sectional area (MCSA) were assessed via peripheral quantitative computed tomography (Stratec XCT 2000) at the 66% site relative to the distal growth plate. In sera, IGF-I (ng/ml) was measured by ELISA, insulin (uU/mL) by RIA, and glucose (mmol/L) by the enzymatic Autokit glucose method. The homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) was calculated ([insulin×glucose]/22.5). Based on the HOMA-IR cutoff of 4.0, normal (n=30) and higher (n=31) insulin resistance groups were determined. Multiple linear regression analyses were conducted adjusting for race and sex. Subsequent analyses were performed controlling for MCSA. In all children, IGF-I was a positive predictor of tibia cortical bone mineral content (Ct.BMC; β=0.31, p<.01), area (Ct.Ar; β=0.34, p<.01), and thickness (Ct.Th; β=0.34, p<.01), and polar strength strain index (pSSI; β=0.25, p<.05). The relationship with Ct.Th persisted after leg MCSA adjustment (β=0.24, p<.05). However, these relationships were modified when children were divided by insulin resistance status. In the normal insulin resistance group: 1) IGF-I positively predicted tibia Ct.BMC (β=0.47, p<.01; β=0.32, p<.05), Ct.Ar (β=0.44, p=.01; β=0.28, p<.05) and Ct.Th (β=0.61, p<.01; β=0.59, p<.01) with and without MCSA-adjustment; 2) IGF-I positively predicted radius Ct.BMC (β=0.53, p<.01), Ct.Ar (β=0.49, p<.01), Ct.Th (β=0.43, p<.05), and pSSI (β=0.45, p<.05); and 3) after controlling for MCSA, IGF-I positively predicted radius volumetric density (β=0.50, p<.05) and Ct.BMC (β=0.32, p<.05). Conversely, IGF-I was not associated with any cortical bone outcomes among children with higher insulin resistance. To our knowledge, this is the first study to identify insulin resistance as an important factor involved in the cortical bone-IGF-I relationship. ER  - 
Assessment of effectiveness of continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion in a specialized center in Kuwait; Introduction: It is important that patients at pubertal and prepubertal stages be targeted for strict glycemic control to prevent long-term complications. Continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion (CSII) has increasingly become an appealing treatment alternative for Multiple daily injection (MDI) regimen since its introduction about four decades ago. Objectives: The aim of this study is to assess the effectiveness and safety of CSII in type 1 diabetic patients attending Dasman Pediatric diabetic clinics. Methods: A retrospective cohort study was carried out for all patients with type 1 diabetes (T1D) who have initiated CSII between 1st of January 2012 till 31st of December 2013 in Dasman Diabetes Institute (DDI). Inclusion criteria included age less than 20 years, attending at least 3 clinic visits every year and having at least two HbA1c test in DDI lab every year. Data was collected from patients' electronic health records. Results: 92 patients were enrolled in the study with a mean age of 10.2 ± 4. Male to female ratio was 1.14. Although, there was a drop of baseline HbA1c of the cohort from 8.63% to 8.51%, it did not reach statistical significance. Males started with a higher baseline HbA1c; 8.93% vs 8.32% for females, but reached 8.97% vs 8.04% for females. Improvement was evident in the younger age group. There was a significant reduction in total daily dose, more evident in females. Reduction in BMI was not statistically significant. Conclusion: CSII reduced HbA1c and TDD in our cohort, improvement were evident in females and in younger patients. ER  - 
Change in metabolic parameters and weight in response to risperidone monotherapy in young children with nonpsychotic disorders: A prospective open-label study; Background: This study investigates changes in metabolic parameters in prepubertal children after 14-16 weeks of treatment with low-dose risperidone. Method: Thirty-one children (mean age 5.46 ± 1.98 years) were treated with risperidone (0.25-1 mg/day; 0.01-0.07 mg/kg/day). Patients were excluded if they were using any medication other than risperidone or were diagnosed with any medical problem in addition to a non-psychotic disorder. Results: Weight (Δ: 2.51 ± 1.94 kg), height (Δ: 0.03 ± 0.04 cm), BMI (Δ: 0.82 ± 1.4), BMI percentile (Δ: 9.72 ± 16.40), BMI z-score (Δ: 0.33 ± 1.03), triglyceride (Δ: 1.50 ± 23.97 mg/dl), very low density lipoprotein (Δ: 2.99 ± 4.76 mg/dl), insulin (Δ: 3.07 ± 3.38 mIU/ml), and leptin (Δ: 3.02 ± 4.69 ng/ml) were significantly increased (p < .05). Conclusion: The metabolic side effects of risperidone must be carefully monitored in prepubertal children. ER  - 
Dietary glycemic load, insulin load, and weight loss in obese, insulin resistant adolescents: RESIST study; Background & aims: The optimal dietary approach for weight loss and improving insulin sensitivity in adolescents is unknown. This study aimed to explore the association between the estimated insulin demand of the diet, as measured by glycemic and insulin load, weight loss, percentage body fat and insulin sensitivity index (ISI) in obese adolescents with clinical features of insulin resistance and/or prediabetes after a 3 month lifestyle and metformin intervention. Methods: Secondary data analysis of 91 adolescents (median age 12.7 years (range 10.1-17.4) participating in a randomized controlled trial, known as RESIST; ACTRN12608000416392. Weight change between baseline and 3 months was measured by BMI expressed as percentage of the 95th centile (BMI %95). Body composition was measured by dual energy X-ray absorptiometry and ISI was determined by an oral glucose tolerance test. Results: Higher dietary glycemic load and insulin load were associated with less weight loss (BMI %95), adjusted for sex and pubertal stage, β=0.0466, P=0.007 and β=0.0124, P=0.040, respectively. Inclusion of total energy intake in the model explained observed associations between dietary glycemic load and insulin load and change in BMI %95. Neither dietary glycemic load nor insulin load were associated with changes in percentage body fat or ISI. Dietary glycemic index and macronutrient content (% of total energy) were not associated to changes in BMI %95, percentage body fat or ISI. Conclusion: Reduced energy diet contributes to weight loss in obese, insulin resistant adolescents. Diets with a lower insulin demand were associated with a lower energy intake and may hence assist with weight loss. ER  - 
Association between sleep architecture and glucose tolerance in children and adolescents; Background: Short sleep duration is a contributing factor for decreased insulin sensitivity and hyperglycemia. Sleep architecture represents a cyclical pattern of sleep that shifts between sleep Stages N1, N2, N3 (slow wave sleep) and Stage R (rapid eye movement sleep). The aim of the present study was to examine the association between sleep architecture and glucose and insulin metabolism in both normal weight and overweight/obese children and adolescents. Methods: A total of 118 subjects participated in the study. Subjects underwent overnight polysomnography (PSG) when the percentage of total sleep time (% TST) spent at each sleep stage was recorded and an oral glucose tolerance test together was performed the next morning. We assessed glucose tolerance, insulin sensitivity and pancreatic β-cell function using 2-h glucose levels, the Matsuda index (IS<inf>OGTT</inf>), and insulin secretion-sensitivity index-2 (ISSI-2), respectively. Results: After adjustment for age, gender, body mass index z-score, pubertal status, and obstructive apnea hypopnea index, Stage N3 (% TST) was positively associated with IS<inf>OGTT</inf>, whereas Stage N1 (%TST) exerted an opposite effect on IS<inf>OGTT</inf>. Higher sleep efficiency and longer TST were independently associated with lower 2-h glucose levels, higher ISSI-2 and/or higher IS<inf>OGTT</inf>. Conclusions: Stage N3, sleep efficiency and TST were protective factors in maintaining glucose and insulin homeostasis; however, Stage N1 functioned in the opposite direction. ER  - 
Medication-induced diabetes during induction treatment for ALL, an early marker for future metabolic risk?; Medication-induced diabetes (MID) is seen in children treated for acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) mostly during induction, due to the use of l-asparaginase and glucocorticoids. Our objective was to assess whether MID during induction, is a risk factor for future impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), diabetes, or metabolic syndrome. Ninety survivors of pediatric ALL, ages 10 yr and older were recruited, 30 with history of MID and 60 controls. Waist/height ratio >0.5 was considered as an increased risk for central adiposity and insulin resistance. Lipid profile and an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) were performed. Study patients were older than controls (17.2 vs. 14.9, p < 0.05). The groups had similar sex distribution, body mass index (BMI) z-score, and Tanner staging. A waist/height ratio of >0.5 was seen in 60 and 31.7% of the study and control groups, respectively (p = 0.01). Increased frequency of IGT in the study group compared with the control group was seen (13.3 and 1%, respectively) (p = 0.07). We observed a trend toward higher proportion of patients with multiple features of metabolic syndrome in the study compared with control group (16.7 vs. 5%, p = 0.09). In conclusion, MID during induction may be an early marker for metabolic disturbances later in life. The higher rates of increased waist/height ratio, and subjects with multiple metabolic syndrome features, may predict a metabolic risk in children with history of MID. Rates of IGT were four fold higher in the study group although not statistically significant. MID may be a 'red flag' indicating the need for ongoing metabolic screening and lifestyle modifications to prevent future metabolic disease. ER  - 
Effects of low dose metformin in adolescents with type I diabetes mellitus: A randomized, double-blinded placebo-controlled study; Background: Insulin resistance increases during adolescence in those with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM), complicating glycemic control and potentially increasing cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. Metformin, typically used in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), is a possible adjunct therapy in T1DM to help improve glycemic control and insulin sensitivity. Objective: We hypothesized that metformin would improve metabolic parameters in adolescents with T1DM. Design, setting, and participants: This randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled trial included 74 pubertal adolescents (ages: 13-20 yr) with T1DM. Participants were randomized to receive either metformin or placebo for 6 months. Glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c), insulin dose, waist circumference, body mass index (BMI), and blood pressure were measured at baseline, 3 and 6 months, with fasting lipids measured at baseline and 6 months. Results: Total daily insulin dose, BMI z-score and waist circumference significantly decreased at 3 and 6 months compared to baseline within the metformin group, even among normal-weight participants. In the placebo group, total insulin dose and systolic blood pressure increased significantly at 3 months and total insulin dose increased significantly at 6 months. No significant change was observed in HbA1c at any time point between metformin and placebo groups or within either group. Conclusions: Low-dose metformin likely improves BMI as well as insulin sensitivity in T1DM adolescents, as indicated by a decrease in total daily insulin dose. The decrease in waist circumference indicates that fat distribution is also likely impacted by metformin in T1DM. Further studies with higher metformin doses and more detailed measurements are needed to confirm these results, their underlying mechanisms, and potential impact on CVD in T1DM youth. ER  - 
Increased eating frequency linked to decreased obesity and improved metabolic outcomes; Background: We previously reported that more frequent eating in overweight minority youth was linked to lower visceral adiposity and circulating triglycerides. The aim of this study was to examine this issue in more detail by assessing the relationship between eating frequency and adiposity and metabolic disease risk in a cohort of exclusively overweight Hispanic youth. Methods: This analysis included 191 overweight (≥85th percentile body mass index (BMI)) Hispanic youth (8-18 years) with the following cross-sectional measures: height, weight, BMI, dietary intake via multiple 24 h recalls, body composition via dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry, lipids and insulin action (insulin sensitivity, acute insulin response (AIR) and disposition index, a measure of β-cell function) via a frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test. Each eating occasion (EO) was defined as ≥50 calories and ≥15 min from any prior EO. Infrequent eaters (IEs) were classified as any subject who ate <3 EOs on any dietary recall (n=32), whereas frequent eaters (FEs) always consumed ≥3 EOs (n=159). Results: Using analyses of covariance, FEs compared with IEs consumed 23% more calories per day (P≤0.01), ate 40% more often and consumed 19% less calories per EO (P≤0.01). FEs also exhibited 9% lower BMI Z-scores (P≤0.01), 9% lower waist circumferences (P≤0.01), 29% lower fasting insulin (P=0.02), 31% lower HOMA-IR (Homeostatic Model Assessment: Insulin Resistance) values (P=0.02) and 19% lower triglycerides (P≤0.01), as well as an 11% higher AIR (P=0.02) and 31% higher disposition index (P=0.01). The following a priori covariates were included: Tanner, sex, body fat and reported energy intake. Conclusion: These findings suggest that increased eating frequency is related to decreased obesity and metabolic disease risk in overweight Hispanic youth, despite increases in energy intake. ER  - 
Age at menarche and its association with dysglycemia in Korean middle-aged women; Objective Recent studies have demonstrated that earlier menarche is associated with increased risks of prediabetes and diabetes in white women; however, the associations have not been fully explored in Asian populations. We investigated the associations between age at menarche and prediabetes and/or diabetes in Korean middle-aged women. Methods This was a cross-sectional study of 2,039 premenopausal and postmenopausal women aged 44 to 56 years who visited the health promotion center for medical checkups. Participants were divided into three groups based on age at menarche: early (<13 y), average (13-16 y), and late (>16 y). Results The mean (SD) age at menarche was 14.6 (1.6) years. Of 2,039 women, 820 and 85 women had prediabetes (impaired fasting glucose and/or 5.7%-6.4% glycated hemoglobin) and diabetes, respectively. On logistic regression analysis, earlier menarche was significantly associated with prediabetes (odds ratio [OR], 1.80; 95% CI, 1.24-2.61; P = 0.002), diabetes (OR, 2.43; 95% CI, 1.04-5.69; P = 0.04), and dysglycemia (OR, 1.85; 95% CI, 1.28-2.66; P = 0.001), after adjusting for a number of confounding factors, compared with average age at menarche. On linear regression analysis, earlier age at menarche was significantly associated with increased fasting insulin, homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance, homeostatic model assessment for β-cell function, body mass index, and waist circumference. Conclusions Age at menarche is inversely associated with various forms of dysglycemia. A history of earlier menarche may be helpful in predicting prediabetes and subsequent diabetes in Korean women. ER  - 
Longitudinal assessment of circulating insulin-like peptide 3 levels in healthy peripubertal girls; Objective To elucidate the natural course of circulating insulin-like peptide 3 (INSL3) levels according to puberty as well as its relation to other reproductive hormones. Design Population-based cohort study. Setting Not applicable. Patient(s) Healthy peripubertal girls (n = 10) examined every 6 months; total number of examinations was 84; median (range) per girl: 9 (4-10), including staging of pubertal breast development and blood samples. Intervention(s) None. Main Outcome Measure(s) Serum levels of INSL3, inhibin B, E2, antimüllerian hormone, LH, and FSH (validated immunoassays), and T and androstenedione (liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry). Result(s) Serum levels of INSL3 varied considerably between girls (range, 0.01-0.27 ng/mL) and within each girl as puberty progressed; intraindividual variation, median (range) 102% (65%-143%). Insulin-like peptide 3 increased in late puberty (B1 to B4+B5); geometric mean 0.03 ng/mL to 0.15 ng/mL. Insulin-like peptide 3 levels reflected markers of large follicles (T, androstendione, inhibin B, and E2) better than markers of small follicles (antimüllerian hormone), and INSL3 staining was localized in theca interna cells of antral follicles. Conclusion(s) Insulin-like peptide 3 increased in late puberty, albeit inter- and intraindividual variations were substantial. Immunohistochemistry and intraindividual variation, as well as relations to other ovarian hormones, reveal that INSL3 in girls is a unique and specific marker of theca cells surrounding antral follicles. The potential clinical use of INSL3 for evaluation of ovarian function in girls remains to be elucidated. ER  - 
Renal function is associated with peak exercise capacity in adolescents with type 1 diabetes; OBJECTIVE: Diabetic nephropathy and cardiovascular disease are strongly related in adults with type 1 diabetes, yet little is known about this relationship in adolescents prior to the onset of detectable clinical disease. We hypothesized that cardiopulmonary fitness would be directly associated with albumin-to-creatinine ratio (ACR) and inversely related to estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) in adolescents with type 1 diabetes. CONCLUSIONS: Adolescents with type 1 diabetes had reduced exercise capacity, which was strongly associated with renal health, independent of insulin sensitivity. Future studies should examine the underlying interrelated pathophysiology in order to identify probable targets for treatment to reduce cardiovascular and renal complications. © 2015 by the American Diabetes Association. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Sixty-nine adolescents with type 1 diabetes and 13 nondiabetic control subjects of similar pubertal stage and BMI had insulin sensitivity (glucose infusion rate [GIR]), measured by hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp, and lean body mass, measured by DEXA. Cardiopulmonary fitness was measured by cycle ergometry to obtain peak volume of oxygen (VO2peak), and renal function was measured by eGFR using the Bouvet equation (measuring creatinine and cystatin C levels) and ACR. RESULTS: Adolescents (15.5 ± 2.2 years of age) with type 1 diabetes (6.3 ± 3.8 years diabetes duration) had reduced VO2peak (31.5 ± 6.3 vs. 36.2 ± 7.9 mL/kg · min, P = 0.046) and VO2peak/lean kg (43.7 ± 7.0 vs. 51.0 ± 8.6 mL/lean kg · min, P = 0.007) compared with nondiabetic control subjects. eGFR was inversely associated with VO2peak and VO2peak/lean kg after adjusting for sex, Tanner stage, GIR, HbA1c level, systolic blood pressure, and LDL cholesterol level (β ± SE, VO2peak: -0.19 ± 0.07, P = 0.02; VO2peak/lean kg: -0.19 ± 0.09, P = 0.048). Moreover, participants in the highest tertile for eGFR had significantly lower sex- and Tanneradjusted VO2peak and VO2peak/lean kg compared with participants in the lowest tertile. ER  - 
Initiation of growth hormone therapy in idiopathic short stature: Do gender differences exist?; Background/Aims: Growth hormone (GH) registries indicate that boys receive preferential GH treatment for idiopathic short stature (ISS). The aim was to determine whether age, auxological parameters, pubertal status, and target height differ between genders at GH initiation. Methods: Review of the computerized files of the endocrine department of a tertiary pediatric medical center identified 184 patients who started GH therapy for ISS between 2003-2011. Data on auxologic parameters, predicted height, parental height, and pubertal status were collected and compared between boys and girls. Results: Boys accounted for a significantly higher percentage of the study group (65.8%, p<0.001). At onset of GH therapy, there were no significant differences between boys and girls in age (10.2±3.1 vs. 9.9±2.4 years), height-standard deviation score (SDS) (-2.64±0.5 vs. -2.79±0.5), body mass index-SDS[(-0.65±1.01) vs. (-0.80±1.13)], or pubertal status (66% vs. 63.5% prepubertal). Predicted height-SDS was significantly higher in boys (-1.95±1.05 vs. -2.56±0.73, p<0.001). Midparental height-SDS was similar in the two groups, as were paternal and maternal height. Conclusions: The similar age, height deficit, and pubertal status at onset of GH treatment in boys and girls suggests that gender differences do not exist. Male predominance may stem from family preferences to treat boys. Future studies are warranted to assess the psychosocial aspects in the decision to initiate therapy. ER  - 
The influence of puberty on vitamin D status in obese children and the possible relation between vitamin D deficiency and insulin resistance; Background: Puberty can affect vitamin D levels. Objectives: The goal of this study was to analyze the relation between vitamin D deficiency and puberty in obese Spanish children, along with the possible interrelation between vitamin D status and degree of insulin resistance. Methods: A cross-sectional study was carried out, in which clinical and biochemical data were gathered from 120 obese and 50 normal weight children between January 2011 and January 2013. Results: Mean vitamin D levels were 19.5 and 31.6 ng/mL in obese pubertal and obese prepubertal children, respectively. About 75% of the obese pubertal subjects and 46% of the obese prepubertal subjects had vitamin D deficiency. Vitamin D levels were significantly lower in pubescent subjects compared with pre-pubescent subjects in summer, fall, and winter. There was no apparent relation between vitamin D levels and homeostasis model assessment index for insulin resistence (expressed in standard deviation score for sex and Tanner stage) in either puberty or pre-puberty. Conclusion: Puberty may be a risk factor for the vitamin D deficiency commonly found in the obese child population. This deficiency is not associated with higher insulin resistance in obese pubertal children compared with obese prepubertal children. ER  - 
Pulmonary function in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus; Patients and methods: We conducted a case-control study of 100 patients with T1DM [median age 13 (10.6-14.7), 44% men, 23% prepubertal, and all nonsmokers] and 77 controls. None had evidence of lung disease or any other comorbidity. We performed pulmonary function tests, including spirometry [forced vital capacity (FVC), forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV<inf>1</inf>), and FEV<inf>1</inf>/FVC ratio], plethysmography [total lung capacity (TLC), residual volume (RV), RV/TLC ratio, and airway resistance (Raw)], and diffusing capacity of carbon monoxide in the lung (TLCO), alveolar volume (AV), and TLCO/AV ratio. The duration of diabetes, degree of metabolic control, insulin dose, and presence of diabetic complications were registered. The χ<sup>2</sup>-test and analysis of variance were used to compare categorical and quantitative variables, respectively. Results: The duration of diabetes was 6.2±3.8 years with a median HbA<inf>1c</inf> of 7.08±0.4%. FEV<inf>1</inf>/FVC ratio was found to be significantly higher in patients with TIDM than in controls. Patients with diabetes also had a nonsignificant trend towards lower FVC, FEV<inf>1</inf>, Raw, and TLCO, and higher RV, TLC, and RV/TLC than controls. There were no differences in pulmonary function based on duration of disease or metabolic control. We found differences in pulmonary evaluation when pubertal stage was analyzed. Conclusions: The lung is functionally involved in children with T1DM. Pubertal development stage influences the evaluation of lung function. Aim: To assess lung function in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM). ER  - 
Strong effect of pubertal status on metabolic health in obese children: A longitudinal study; Context: The concept of metabolic healthy obese(MHO)status hasbeenproposed also for children. However, it is unclear whether this is a stable status in childhood. Objective: The aim was to analyze the changes of MHO status over time. Design and Setting: This is 1-year longitudinal analysis of our obesity cohort. Participants: All obese children of our outpatient obesity clinic with 1-year follow-up were included. Interventions: Standard care intervention was used. Main outcome measures: We examined body mass index (BMI), waist circumference, pubertal stage, blood pressure, fasting lipids, glucose, and insulin resistance index homeostasis model assessment (HOMA). MHO status was defined by absence of cardiovascular risk factors. Results: A total of 2017 obese children (mean age, 11.6 ± 2.8 y; 45% male; BMI, 28.5 ± 5.3 kg/m<sup>2</sup>; BMI-z score, 2.4 ±0.5) were enrolled onto the study, and 49.3% of the children were MHO at baseline. After 1 year, the majority of the MHO remained MHO (68.0%). MHO children were significantly younger, more frequently prepubertal, and less overweight compared with metabolic unhealthy obese (MUO) children (all P < .05). In the longitudinal analyses, entering into puberty (OR, 1.9; 95% confidence interval, 1.3-2.8]; P = .004) doubled the risk for switching from MHO to MUO, whereas changing from mid to late puberty nearly tripled the likelihood for switching from MUO to MHO (OR 3.1 [2.1- 4.5], P < .001) in multiple logistic regression analyses adjusted for age, sex, and changes of body mass index standard deviation score (BMI-SDS). Conclusions: MHO is a stable status in childhood obesity as long as pubertal status remains stable. Due to the strong association between puberty and MUO status, the concept of MHO is questionable, at least in pubertal children. ER  - 
Pubertal development in children diagnosed with diabetes mellitus type 1 before puberty; Study Objective: To investigate an association between pubertal development and timing of menarche with glycemic control, disease duration, and body mass index (BMI) in patients diagnosed with diabetes mellitus type 1 (DM1) before puberty. Design: Retrospective study. Setting: The study was performed at the diabetes outpatient clinic of Instituto de Puericultura e Pediatria Martagão Gesteira-IPPMG of the Federal University of Rio de Janeiro-UFRJ. Participants: A total of 131 children, 61 girls and 70 boys, diagnosed with DM1 before puberty participated in the study. Main Outcome Measures: The study investigated how age at puberty onset relates to mean glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) before puberty, BMI percentile, and disease duration; how puberty duration relates to mean HbA1c before and during puberty and to disease duration; and how timing of menarche relates to mean HbA1c before puberty, BMI percentile, and disease duration. Results: Age at puberty onset was positively correlated with mean HbA1c before puberty (r=0.204, R2 = 0.042; P=.019) and disease duration (r=0.451, R2=0.203; P<.0001), and negatively correlated with BMI percentile (r=-0.289, R2=0.084; P=.001). Timing of menarche was negatively correlated with BMI percentile (r=-0.556, R2=0.310; P<.001). Conclusions: Children with longer disease duration began puberty later than those diagnosed more recently. Girls in higher BMI percentiles reached menarche sooner. ER  - 
Long-term effects of gonadotropin-releasing hormone analogs in girls with central precocious puberty; Gonadotropin-releasing hormone analogs (GnRHa) are widely used to treat central precocious puberty (CPP). The efficacy and safety of GnRHa treatment are known, but concerns regarding long-term complications are increasing. Follow-up observation results after GnRHa treatment cessation in female CPP patients up to adulthood showed that treatment (especially <6 years) was beneficial for final adult height relative to that of pretreated or untreated patients. Puberty was recovered within 1 year after GnRHa treatment discontinuation, and there were no abnormalities in reproductive function. CPP patients had a relatively high body mass index (BMI) at the time of CPP diagnosis, but BMI standard deviation score maintenance during GnRHa treatment seemed to prevent the aggravation of obesity in many cases. Bone mineral density decreases during GnRHa treatment but recovers to normal afterwards, and peak bone mass formation through bone mineral accretion during puberty is not affected. Recent studies reported a high prevalence of polycystic ovarian syndrome in CPP patients after GnRHa treatment, but it remains unclear whether the cause is the reproductive mechanism of CPP or GnRHa treatment itself. Studies of the psychosocial effects on CPP patients after GnRHa treatment are very limited. Some studies have reported decreases in psychosocial problems after GnRHa treatment. Overall, GnRHa seems effective and safe for CPP patients, based on long-term follow-up studies. There have been only a few long-term studies on GnRHa treatment in CPP patients in Korea; therefore, additional long-term follow-up investigations are needed to establish the efficacy and safety of GnRHa in the Korean population. ER  - 
Achieving International Society for Pediatric and Adolescent Diabetes and American Diabetes Association clinical guidelines offers cardiorenal protection for youth with type 1 diabetes; Objective: Most youth with type 1 diabetes do not meet the American Diabetes Association (ADA) and International Society for Pediatric and Adolescent Diabetes (ISPAD) targets for hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), blood pressure (BP), lipids, and body mass index (BMI). We hypothesized that ISPAD/ADA goal achievement at baseline would be associated with cardiorenal risk factors at baseline and 2 yr follow-up in adolescents with type 1 diabetes. Methods: We assessed the cross-sectional and longitudinal relationships between ISPAD/ADA goal achievement at baseline and cardiorenal health at baseline and 2-yr follow-up (n = 297; 15.4 ± 2.1 yr at baseline) in adolescents with type 1 diabetes. Goal achievement was defined as HbA1c < 7.5%, BP < 90th percentile for age, sex, and height, low density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) <100 mg/dL, high density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C) >35 mg/dL, triglycerides (TG) <150 mg/dL and BMI <85th percentile for age and sex. Cardiorenal outcomes included pulse-wave velocity (PWV), brachial distensibility (BrachD), augmentation index (AIx), and epidermal growth factor receptor (eGFR) continuously and categorically as hyperfiltration (eGFR ≥ 135 mL/min/1.73 m<sup>2</sup>). Results: Adolescents with type 1 diabetes who met 1-3 goals, had significantly greater (P < 0.05) baseline PWV (5.1 ± 0.1 vs. 5.4 ± 0.1 m/s), follow-up PWV (5.5 ± 0.1 vs. 5.7 ± 0.1 m/s), greater follow-up eGFR (104 ± 2 vs. 116 ± 3 mL/min/1.73 m<sup>2</sup>), and greater odds of renal hyperfiltration at follow-up (odds ratio (OR): 20.0, 95% confidence interval (CI): 3.8-105.2) compared to those who met 4-6 goals after adjusting for Tanner stage, sex, age, and diabetes duration. No statistically significant differences in the cardiorenal outcomes were observed between adolescents with type 1 diabetes who met 4-6 goals and non-diabetic controls (n = 96). Conclusions: In adolescents with type 1 diabetes, baseline ADA/ISPAD goal achievement was associated with cardiorenal protection at baseline and 2-yr follow-up. ER  - 
Cardiometabolic risk factors and insulin resistance in obese children and adolescents: Relation to puberty; Background: Insulin resistance (IR) has a key role in the metabolic changes in obese children.In commencing puberty, the insulin levels elevate.It is not clear, however, how insulin levels develop if the metabolic syndrome appears.Objectives: Metabolic changes were assessed in obese children before, during and after puberty to analyse the relationship between IR and puberty in subjects with and without metabolic syndrome.Methods: Three hundred thirty-four obese children (5-19 years) attended the study.The criteria of the International Diabetes Federation were used to assess the presence of cardiometabolic risks (CMRs).Subjects with increased CMR were compared with those without risk (nCMR).Pubertal staging, lipid levels, plasma glucose and insulin levels during oral glucose tolerance test were determined in each participant.IR was expressed by homeostasis model assessment (HOMA-IR) and the ratio of glucose and insulin areas under the curve (AUC-IR).Results: Significantly higher AUC-IR were found in pre-pubertal CMR children compared with nCMR subjects (11.84 ± 1.03 vs.8.00 ± 0.69; P < 0.01), but no difference was discovered during and after puberty.HOMA-IR differs between CMR and nCMR only in post-puberty (6.03 ± 1.26 vs.2.54 ± 0.23; P < 0.01).CMR children have dyslipidaemia before the onset of puberty.Conclusions: CMR is associated with increased postprandial IR in pre-pubertal and increased fasting IR in post-pubertal obese children.Dyslipidaemia appeared already in pre-puberty in CMR children. ER  - 
A life course approach to cardiovascular aging; A life course approach in epidemiology investigates the biological, behavioral and social pathways that link physical and social exposures and experiences during gestation, childhood, adolescence and adult life, and across generations, to later-life health and disease risk. We illustrate how a life course approach has been applied to cardiovascular disease, highlighting the evidence in support of the early origins of disease risk. We summarize how trajectories of cardiometabolic risk factors change over the life course and suggest that understanding underlying 'normal' or 'healthy' trajectories and the characteristics that drive deviations from such trajectories offer the potential for early prevention and for identifying means of preventing future disease. ER  - 
Adolescent oligomenorrhea (age 14-19) tracks into the third decade of life (age 20-28) and predicts increased cardiovascular risk factors and metabolic syndrome; Objective Assess whether adolescent oligomenorrhea (age 14-19) tracks into young adulthood (age 20-28) and predicts increased cardiometabolic risk factors, metabolic syndrome (MetS), and impaired fasting glucose-type II diabetes mellitus (IFG + T2DM). Materials and methods Prospective study of menstrual cyclicity and its metabolic effects in 865 black and white schoolgirls from age 9 to 19, and 605 of these 865 girls from age 20 to 28. Main findings Patterns of menstrual delays (oligomenorrhea) during ages 14-19 and ages 20-28 were closely related (p <.0001). Adolescent menses delay (ages 14-19, p <.0001), mean insulin (ages 20-28, p =.0003), and self-identified polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS, p =.049) predicted ages 20-28 menses delay. Menses delays during ages 14-19 and 20-28, and, their interaction product were correlated with IFG + T2DM and MetS at ages 20-28. Waist circumference (ages 20-28, p <.0001), mean triglyceride (ages 20-28, p =.005), and the number of average menstrual cycles ≥ 42 days (ages 20-28, p =.04) predicted IFG + T2DM (ages 20-28). MetS (ages 9-19, p <.0001), mean insulin (ages 20-28, p =.0002), the number of ≥ 42 day gaps between menstrual periods (ages 20-28, p =.02), and cigarette smoking at age 18-19 (p =.04) were significant explanatory variables for MetS at ages 27-28. As MetS status category changed from age 14-19 to 27-28 from best to worst: (no → no), (yes → no), (yes → yes), (no → yes), the number of women with ≥ 2 menses delays during ages 20-28 rose from 3% to 4% to 15% to 17%, p =.0001. MetS status change from age 9-19 to 27-28 was positively associated with mean insulin (age 20-28, p <.0001), cigarette smoking (age 24-25, p =.01) and the number of menses delays during ages 20-28 (p =.04). Principal conclusions Menstrual patterns track from adolescence to young adulthood, and oligomenorrhea predicts MetS and IFG + T2DM. Patterns of menses delays in adolescence should be considered as a significant risk factor for future development of young adult IFG + T2DM, MetS, oligomenorrhea, and polycystic ovary syndrome. ER  - 
Delayed skeletal muscle mitochondrial ADP recovery in youth with type 1 diabetes relates to muscle insulin resistance; Insulin resistance (IR) increases cardiovascular morbidity and is associated with mitochondrial dysfunction. IR is now recognized to be present in type 1 diabetes; however, its relationship with mitochondrial function is unknown. We determined the relationship between IR and muscle mitochondrial function in type 1 diabetes using the hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp and 31P-MRS before, during, and after near-maximal isometric calf exercise. Volunteers included 21 nonobese adolescents with type 1 diabetes and 17 nondiabetic control subjects with similar age, sex, BMI, Tanner stage, and activity levels. We found that youths with type 1 diabetes were more insulin resistant (median glucose infusion rate 10.1 vs. 18.9 mg/kglean/min; P < 0.0001) and had a longer time constant of the curve of ADP conversion to ATP (23.4 ± 5.3 vs. 18.8 ± 3.9 s, P < 0.001) and a lower rate of oxidative phosphorylation (median 0.09 vs. 0.21 mmol/L/s, P < 0.001). The ADP time constant (β = 20.36, P = 0.026) and oxidative phosphorylation (β = 0.02, P < 0.038) were related to IR but not HbA1c. Normal-weight youths with type 1 diabetes demonstrated slowed postexercise ATP resynthesis and were more insulin resistant than control subjects. The correlation between skeletal muscle mitochondrial dysfunction in type 1 diabetes and IR suggests a relationship between mitochondrial dysfunction and IR in type 1 diabetes. ER  - 
Adolescent and young adult female determinants of visceral adipose tissue at ages 26-28 years; Objective To assess adolescent and young adult determinants of visceral adipose tissue (VAT) at ages 26-28 years. Study design Prospective study (ages 9-28 years) of cardiometabolic measures, menarche age, menses irregularities, metabolic syndrome, impaired fasting glucose-type 2 diabetes mellitus, and VAT in 400 girls (248 black, 152 white). Results Adolescent (age 14-19) independent variables for greater VAT at ages 26-28 included larger mean waist circumference (partial R<sup>2</sup> = 30.8%), earlier age at menarche (0.9%), and white race (1.8%). Young adult (ages 20- 28 years) independent variables for greater VAT included larger mean waist circumference (partial R<sup>2</sup> = 61.7%), greater triglyceride levels (3.3%), lower high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (1.0%), and greater insulin resistance (homeostasis model assessment-estimated insulin resistance; 0.4%). Independent variables for greater VAT when both adolescent and young adult variables were used included waist (tertile rank change from adolescence to young adulthood, partial R<sup>2</sup> = 58.3%), greater young adult triglyceride levels (4.4%), white race (1.8%), greater young adult homeostasis model assessment-estimated insulin resistance (age 20-28, 2.4%), and earlier menarche age (0.7%). Menses irregularities were not independently associated with young adult VAT. Conclusions Adolescent girls with early menarche and larger waist circumference should be targets for primary prevention of accretion of VAT. In young adulthood, VAT is associated with dysregulated cardiometabolic profiles, which is greater for those with waist circumference increases from adolescence to adulthood. Waist circumference during young adulthood, and to a lesser degree during adolescence, is an inexpensive surrogate for VAT at ages 26-28 years. ER  - 
Glycemic control, Complications, and associated autoimmune diseases in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia; Objectives: To investigate the relationship between metabolic control, acute and long-term complications, the coexistence of autoimmune diseases, and to assess the different factors that can affect the glycemic control level among children with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM). Methods: This is a cross-sectional study that included 228 T1DM children and adolescents visiting the pediatric diabetes clinic at the King Abdulaziz University Hospital (KAUH), Jeddah, Saudi Arabia from January 2013 to January 2014. The clinical and laboratory characteristics of the patients were recorded. Metabolic control, complications, and associated autoimmune diseases were evaluated. Results: The mean age of patients was 10.99 years, and the glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) level was 8.8%. Acute complications included ketoacidosis in 65.4% of patients, and hypoglycemic attacks in 68.9%. Long-term complications were detected in patients including retinopathy (4.4%), microalbuminuria (16.2%), and dyslipidemia (8.3%). Autoimmune thyroiditis was noted in 14%, and celiac disease was found in 19.7% of patients. A significant difference was found in pubertal and pre-pubertal age groups in terms of glycemic control (p=0.01). Conclusion: The level of HbA1c was found to be higher among the pubertal age group. A relationship between autoimmune diseases and gender was determined ER  - 
Onset of puberty and near adult height in short children born small for gestational age and treated with GH: Interim analysis of up to 10 years of treatment in Japan; The safety and effectiveness of long-term (10-yr) GH treatment in short Japanese children born small for gestational age (SGA) were evaluated based on interim data analysis from a clinical study, including the findings concerning the influence on the onset of puberty and subjects who achieved near adult height (NAH). Sixty-one subjects were analyzed at baseline in this study. Eleven subjects (6 boys and 5 girls) achieved NAH (mean 157.4 cm and 145.5 cm, respectively), and the Δ height SDS from the start of GH treatment was +1.6 in boys and +1.8 in girls. The median age (yr) at onset of puberty was 11.4 in boys and 9.9 in girls, comparable to healthy children. However, the mean height (cm) at onset of puberty (137.0 in boys; 125.5 in girls) was shorter than that of healthy children. Treatment-related adverse events were generally mild to moderate in severity; however, adenoidal hypertrophy was observed in two subjects as a serious adverse event. One subject had jaw malformation related to GH treatment at a dose of 0.067 mg/kg/d. No notable changes in HbA1c levels were observed, and the levels remained within the reference range. We have confirmed the safety and effectiveness of long-term GH treatment through this ongoing clinical study. ER  - 
Prospective study of body size throughout the life-course and the incidence of endometrial cancer among premenopausal and postmenopausal women; Although adult obesity is known to increase endometrial cancer risk, evidence for childhood obesity is limited. We prospectively examined the association between body fatness throughout life and endometrial cancer risk. 47,289 participants in the Nurses' Health Study (NHS) and 105,386 of the Nurses' Health Study II (NHS II) recalled their body fatness at ages 5, 10 and 20 using a pictogram. Childhood and adolescent body fatness were derived as the average at ages 5 and 10 and ages 10 and 20, respectively. We obtained adult weight from concurrent questionnaires. We calculated hazard ratios (HR) of endometrial cancer using Cox proportional hazards models. During follow-up, 757 incident cases of endometrial cancer were diagnosed. Body fatness in childhood, at age 10, in adolescence and at age 20 were positively associated with endometrial cancer risk (HR for ≥ Level 5 versus ≤ Level 2 in adolescence: 1.83 (95% CI 1.41-2.37). After adjusting for most recent BMI, none of the associations persisted. Weight change since age 18 was positively associated with endometrial cancer risk [HR for ≥ 25 kg gain versus stable: 2.54 (95% CI 1.80-3.59). Adult BMI was strongly associated with endometrial cancer risk [HR BMI ≥ 35 kg/m2 versus BMI ≤ 25 kg/m2: 4.13 (95% CI 3.29-5.16)]. In postmenopausal women, the association with BMI was significantly stronger among non-users of hormone therapy. In conclusion, obesity throughout life is positively associated with endometrial cancer risk, with adult obesity one of the strongest risk factors. Maintaining a healthy weight throughout life remains important. ER  - 
Cardiovascular abnormalities and impaired exercise performance in adolescents with congenital adrenal hyperplasia; Context: Patients with classic congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH) are treated with lifelong glucocorticoids (GCs). Cardiovascular and metabolic effects of such therapy in adolescents have never been quantified. Objective: Our objective was to investigate left ventricular (LV) morphology, function, and exercise performance in adolescents with CAH. Design and Setting: We conducted a cross-sectional and controlled study conducted at a tertiary referral center. Patients: Twenty patients with classic CAH (10 females) aged 13.6 ± 2.5 years and 20 healthy controls comparable for sex and pubertal status were enrolled in the study and compared with a group of 18 patients without CAH receiving a similar dose of GCs for juvenile idiopathic arthritis. Main Outcomes Measures: Echocardiographic assessment and symptom-limited exercise testing were performed. Anthropometric, hormonal and biochemical parameters were also measured. Results: Compared with healthy controls, patients with CAH exhibited an increased body mass index (P < .001), waist-to-height ratio (P < .001), and percent body fat (P < .001) as well as higher insulin concentrations and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance index even after adjustment for body mass index (P = .03 and P = .05, respectively). Moreover, CAH patients exhibited an impaired exercise capacity as shown by reduced peak workload (99 ± 27 vs 126 ± 27 W, P < .01) and higher systolic blood pressure response at peak (156 ± 18 vs 132 ± 11 mm Hg, P < .01; Δ = 45 ± 24 vs 22 ± 10 mm Hg, P = .05) with respect to healthy controls. CAH males displayed mild LV diastolic dysfunction as documented by significant prolongation of both isovolumic relaxation time (118 ± 18 vs 98 ± 11 milliseconds, P < .05) and mitral deceleration time (138 ± 25 vs 111 ± 15 milliseconds, P < .01). No significant differences in cardiovascular function were found between CAH and juvenile idiopathic arthritis patients. Conclusion: Adolescents with CAH exhibit impaired exercise performance and enhanced systolic blood pressure response during exercise. In our population, such abnormalities appear related to GC therapy rather than CAH per se. CAH males, but not females, present mild LV diastolic dysfunction that correlates with testosterone concentrations suggesting a sex hormone-related difference. ER  - 
Premature pubarche in children with pompe disease; Pompe disease (PD), or glycogen storage disease type II, results from deficiency of acid a-glucosidase. Patients with infantile-onset PD die by early childhood if untreated. Patient survival has improved with enzyme replacement therapy. We report a case series of 8 patients with infantile-onset PD on enzyme replacement therapy with premature pubarche. ER  - 
Premature adrenarche -A common condition with variable presentation; Adrenarche refers to a maturational increase in the secretion of adrenal androgen precursors, mainly dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) and its sulfate (DHEAS). In premature adrenarche (PA), clinical signs of androgen action appear before the age of 8/9 years in girls/boys, concurrently with the circulating DHEA(S) concentrations above the usually low prepubertal level. The most pronounced sign of PA is the appearance of pubic/axillary hair, but also other signs of androgen effect (adult type body odor, acne/comedones, greasy hair, accelerated statural growth) are important to recognize. PA children are often overweight and taller than their peers, and the higher prevalence of PA in girls than in boys is probably explained by higher female adiposity and peripheral DHEA(S) conversion to active androgens. PA diagnosis requires exclusion of other causes of androgen excess: congenital adrenal hyperplasia, androgen-producing tumors, precocious puberty, and exogenous source of androgens. PA has been linked with unfavorable metabolic features including hyperinsulinism, dyslipidemia, and later-appearing ovarian hyperandrogenism. Although this common condition is usually benign, PA children with additional risk factors including obesity should be followed up, with the focus on weight and lifestyle. Long-term follow-up studies are warranted to clarify if the metabolic changes detected in PA children persist until adulthood. ER  - 
Langerhans cell histiocytosis: Differences and similarities in long-term outcome of paediatric and adult patients at a single institutional centre; Purpose: This study determined the frequency of clinical features, reactivations, sequelae, mortality, and overall survival (OS) and compared paediatric with adult Langerhans cell histiocytosis (LCH) patients. Materials and methods: Ninety patients (60 paediatric and 30 adults) with LCH treated during 28 years were analysed retrospectively. Results: Craniofacial lesion was the most frequent lesion at LCH presentation in children and adults. However some differences were found. Orbital lesions were more frequent in paediatric than adult patients (P = 0.001). There was a tendency for mandible lesions to be more common in adults than the paediatric group (P = 0.0710). Mucocutaneous lesions were observed in a higher proportion in adults compared to paediatric patients (P = 0.0395). Reactivation episodes (36.8 versus 62.5%) and deaths (10.7 versus 24.0%) occurred in lower proportions in paediatric than adult patients, respectively. The probability of OS in 10 years for both groups was similar (P= 0.137). Conclusion: The OS was similar in both groups despite clinical differences between paediatric and adult patients, and higher reactivation and death rates in adults. ER  - 
Catch-up growth during tocilizumab therapy for systemic juvenile idiopathic arthritis: Results from a phase iii trial; Objective To investigate the impact of tocilizumab treatment on growth and growth-related laboratory parameters in patients with systemic juvenile idiopathic arthritis (JIA) enrolled in a phase III clinical trial. Methods Patients with systemic JIA ages 2-17 years (n = 112) received tocilizumab in a 12-week, randomized, placebo-controlled period and a long-term open-label extension. Height velocity and standard deviation (SD) score; levels of insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1), osteocalcin (OC), and C-telopeptide of type I collagen (CTX-I); and Juvenile Arthritis Disease Activity Score in 71 joints (JADAS-71) were measured in a post hoc analysis of 83 patients who never received growth hormone and did not reach Tanner stage 5 by the end of the first year of treatment. Results Patients had stunted growth at baseline (mean height SD score-2.2). During tocilizumab treatment, males (73%) and females (83%) experienced above-normal mean height velocities of 6.6 cm/year (P < 0.0001 versus World Health Organization norms). Mean height SD score increases during year 1 (0.29) and year 2 (0.31) were significant (both P < 0.0001). The mean SD score for IGF-1 levels increased significantly (-0.2 for year 1 and-0.1 for year 2 versus-1.0 at baseline; both P < 0.0001). Mean OC and CTX-I levels (both P < 0.0001) and the OC:CTX-I ratio (P = 0.014) significantly increased from baseline to year 2. In multiple regression analysis, first-year height velocity had a significant inverse relationship to JADAS-71 at year 1, age, mean glucocorticoid dosage during the year, and height SD score at baseline. Conclusion Our findings indicate that during treatment with tocilizumab, patients with systemic JIA experience significant catch-up growth, normalization of IGF-1 levels, and bone balance improvement favoring bone formation. ER  - 
Reproductive and biochemical changes in obese and non obese polycystic ovary syndrome women; Background: Reproductive, clinical and laboratory implication varies in polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) according to body weight. Objective: To compare reproductive, clinical and laboratory data between obese and non obese women with PCOS. Methods: A cohort of 180 women with PCOS who attended outpatient clinic of Taibah University from January to September 2012 was included. Studied women were classified according to body mass index (BMI) into overweight/obese (BMI >25kg/m2) and normal weight women (BMI ≤25kg/m2). Each participant answered a specially designed interviewing format and subjected to medical checkup for signs of hyperandrogenism. Fasting insulin and glucose, follicle stimulating hormone (FSH), luteinizing hormone (LH), estradiol (E2), prolactin (PRL), progesterone and testosterone levels were estimated. Statistical analyses were performed as appropriate. Results: Of the studied 180 PCOS women, there were 80 overweight obese women (44.4%) and 100 normal weight women (55.6%). Obese PCOS women were less highly educated, less working and reported low family history rate of PCOS. Compared to non obese PCOS women, obese PCOS women reported higher age of menarche, abortion and menstrual disturbance with statistically significant difference. Signs of hyperandrogenism and ancanthosis nigricans were significantly more manifested in obese PCOS women. Mean levels of studied metabolic and sex hormones were significantly higher in obese PCOS women. Conclusions: Overweight and obese PCOS women had significantly higher age of menarche, abortion and menstrual disturbances. Also, signs of hyperandrogenism, acanthosis nigricans were more encountered among them with higher levels of fasting glucose, fasting insulin, FSH, LH and testosterone. ER  - 
Markers of cardiovascular risk, insulin resistance, and ventricular dysfunction and remodeling in obese adolescents; Objectives To test our hypothesis that obese adolescents have left ventricular (LV) dysfunction and remodeling that are associated with markers of cardiovascular risk and insulin resistance (IR). Study design In a cross-sectional study of 44 obese and 14 lean age-, sex-, Tanner stage-, and race-matched adolescents, IR, markers of cardiovascular risks, conventional and 2-dimensional speckle tracking echocardiography measures of LV function and structure were evaluated and compared. Results The obese adolescents had significantly increased body mass index Z-score, systolic blood pressure, fasting insulin, IR, and atherogenic lipids compared with the lean adolescents. A subgroup of obese adolescents had LV remodeling characterized by significantly increased LV mass index (g/m2.7) and relative wall thickness. Almost all obese adolescents had LV dysfunction with peak LV global longitudinal strain (GLS, %), systolic GLS rate (GLSR, %/s), and early diastolic GLSR significantly lower than in lean adolescents and in the normal pediatric population. Body mass index Z-score predicted LV remodeling (LV mass index [R2 = 0.34] and relative wall thickness [R2 0.10]), and peak LV GLS (R2 0.15), and along with systolic blood pressure, predicted systolic GLSR (R2 0.16); (P <.01 for all). Fasting insulin predicted early diastolic GLSR (R;bsupesup 0.17, P <.01). Conclusions Obese adolescents have subclinical ventricular dysfunction associated with the severity of obesity, increased systolic blood pressure, and IR. Ventricular remodeling is present in a subgroup of obese adolescents in association with the severity of obesity. These findings suggest that obesity may have an early impact on the cardiovascular health of obese adolescents. ER  - 
Residual β-cell function and the insulin-like growth factor system in Danish children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes; Context: C-peptide-positive adults with type 1 diabetes (T1D) have higher circulating total and free IGF-1 and lower IGF binding protein 1 (IGFBP-1) than C-peptide-negative patients. Whether this is also the case in children remains unknown. Objective: The objective of the study was to examine the IGF system in children/adolescents with and without residual β-cell function (RBF). Design and Patients: This was a cross-sectional study containing 136 prepubertal (hereof 15 RBF positive) and 206 pubertal (hereof 42 RBF positive) children/adolescents with T1D for 3-6 years as well as 40 prepubertal and 30 pubertal healthy controls. RBF was evaluated by meal-stimulated C-peptide. Main Outcome Measures: Fasting serum levels of bioactive IGF (ie, the ability of serum to activate the IGF-1 receptor in vitro), total IGF-1, total IGF-2, and IGFBP-1 and -3. Results: Irrespective of pubertal status, patients with T1D showed lower bioactive IGF and total IGF-1, but higher IGFBP-1 as compared with controls (P < .05). When stratified according to RBF status, a positive RBF was associated with normalization of all IGF-related peptides but IGFBP-1 in prepubertal children (P < .05), whereas none of the IGF components were normalized in prepubertal, RBF-negative children. In pubertal children, total IGF-1 and bioactive IGF remained subnormal and IGFBP-1 supranormal, irrespective of RBF status (P < .05). Conclusion: Independent of pubertal status, T1D was associated with an abnormal IGF system. However, a positive RBF status appeared important but only in prepubertal children, in whom all IGF components but IGFBP-1 were normalized. We speculate that the pubertal GH surge induces insulin resistance, which overrides the stimulatory effect that an RBF may exert on the liver-derived IGF system. ER  - 
Endocrine effects of valproate versus carbamazepine in males with epilepsy: A prospective study; Background/Aims: To prospectively evaluate the long-term impact of valproate (VPA) versus carbamazepine (CBZ) on anthropometric, hormonal, and metabolic parameters in young male patients treated for epilepsy. Methods: Of 61 boys with newly diagnosed epilepsy followed up, 24 were excluded from analysis (17 were lost to follow-up and 7 changed therapy within <1 year). Findings were compared by time, treatment (VPA or CBZ), and epilepsy type (generalized or partial) as well as against a matched control group with adequately treated hypothyroidism. Results: Twenty-four boys were treated with VPA and 13 with CBZ. The weight-standard deviation score (SDS) significantly increased during the first 6 months of treatment (p < 0.001), irrespective of the drug type, but decreased between the first and the last visit (p = 0.01). In patients with generalized epilepsy, there was a slight decrease in height-and weight-SDS between the first and the last visit (p = 0.04 and p = 0.01, respectively). The height-SDS at the last visit was comparable to the parental height-SDS. The mean age at puberty onset was 11.2 and 11.4 years in the study and the control group, respectively (p = 0.08). There were no significant differences in the other parameters by treatment or epilepsy type. Conclusions: Long-term therapy with VPA or CBZ has no significant endocrinological or metabolic adverse effect on male children and adolescents with epilepsy. ER  - 
Turner syndrome and associated problems in turkish children: A multicenter study; Objective: Turner syndrome (TS) is a chromosomal disorder caused by complete or partial X chromosome monosomy that manifests various clinical features depending on the karyotype and on the genetic background of affected girls. This study aimed to systematically investigate the key clinical features of TS in relationship to karyotype in a large pediatric Turkish patient population. Methods: Our retrospective study included 842 karyotype-proven TS patients aged 0-18 years who were evaluated in 35 different centers in Turkey in the years 2013-2014. Results: The most common karyotype was 45,X (50.7%), followed by 45,X/46,XX (10.8%), 46,X,i(Xq) (10.1%) and 45,X/46,X,i(Xq) (9.5%). Mean age at diagnosis was 10.2±4.4 years. The most common presenting complaints were short stature and delayed puberty. Among patients diagnosed before age one year, the ratio of karyotype 45,X was significantly higher than that of other karyotype groups. Cardiac defects (bicuspid aortic valve, coarctation of the aorta and aortic stenosi) were the most common congenital anomalies, occurring in 25% of the TS cases. This was followed by urinary system anomalies (horseshoe kidney, double collector duct system and renal rotation) detected in 16.3%. Hashimoto’s thyroiditis was found in 11.1% of patients, gastrointestinal abnormalities in 8.9%, ear nose and throat problems in 22.6%, dermatologic problems in 21.8% and osteoporosis in 15.3%. Learning difficulties and/or psychosocial problems were encountered in 39.1%. Insulin resistance and impaired fasting glucose were detected in 3.4% and 2.2%, respectively. Dyslipidemia prevalence was 11.4%. Conclusion: This comprehensive study systematically evaluated the largest group of karyotype-proven TS girls to date. The karyotype distribution, congenital anomaly and comorbidity profile closely parallel that from other countries and support the need for close medical surveillance of these complex patients throughout their lifespan. ER  - 
Current practice in diagnosis and treatment of growth hormone deficiency in childhood: A survey from Turkey; Objective: Approaches to diagnosis and treatment of growth hormone deficiency (GHD) in children vary among countries and even among centers in the same country. This survey, aiming to facilitate the process of preparing the new consensus on GHD by the Turkish Pediatric Endocrinology and Diabetes Society, was designed to evaluate the current practices in diagnosis and treatment of GHD in different centers in Turkey. Methods: A questionnaire covering relevant items for diagnosis and treatment of GHD was sent out to all pediatric endocrinology centers. Results: Twenty-four centers returned the questionnaire. The most frequently used GH stimulation test was L-dopa, followed by clonidine. Eighteen centers used a GH cut-off value of 10 ng/mL for the diagnosis of GHD; this value was 7 ng/mL in 4 centers and 5 ng/mL in 2 centers. The most frequently used assay was immunochemiluminescence for determination of GH, insulin-like growth factor-1 and insulin-like growth factor binding protein-3 concentrations. Sex steroid priming in both sexes was used by 19 centers. The most frequently used starting dose of recombinant human GH (rhGH) in prepubertal children was 0.025-0.030 mg/kg/day and 0.030-0.035 mg/kg/day in pubertal children. Growth velocity was used in the evaluation for growth response to rhGH therapy in all centers. Anthropometric measurements of patients every 3-6 months, fasting blood glucose, bone age and thyroid panel evaluation were used by all centers at follow-up. Main indications for cessation of therapy were decreased height velocity and advanced bone age. Fourteen centers used combined treatment (rhGH and gonadotropin-releasing analogues) to increase final height. Conclusion: Although conformity was found among centers in Turkey in current practice, it is very important to update guideline statements and to modify, if needed, the approach to GHD over time in accordance with new evidence-based clinical studies. ER  - 
Social anxiety, depression and self-esteem in obese adolescent girls with Acanthosis Nigricans; Objective: To assess the impact of acanthosis nigricans (AN) on depression symptoms, related quality of life and self-esteem scores in obese adolescent girls. Methods: Fifty-nine obese adolescent girls (mean age: 13.19±1.3 years, age range: 12-17 years, mean body mass index: 29.89±3.30) were enrolled in this study. The obese adolescent girls were divided into two groups based on presence or absence of AN. Non-obese healthy adolescents constituted the control group (30 girls, mean age: 13.5±1.4 years). All subjects were evaluated using the Children’s Depression Inventory (CDI), the State-Trait Anxiety Inventory for Children (STAI-C), and the modified Rosenberg Self-Esteem Scale (SES). Higher scores indicated more severe depression and anxiety, as well as low self-esteem status. Results: The AN and non-AN obese groups showed significantly higher CDI, STAI-C and SES scores than the control group, and the two obese groups demonstrated no significant differences for these scores. The AN obese group with higher total testosterone levels (>50 ng/dL) had higher scores for SES (2.55±1.8 vs. 1.42±1.2; p=0.03) than the AN obese group with low total testosterone levels. SES scores significantly correlated with total testosterone levels (r=0.362; p=0.03) and fasting insulin (r=0.462; p=0.03) in the AN obese group. Conclusion: Higher SES scores (low self-esteem status) were determined in obese adolescents with acanthosis and were related to hyperandrogenism. This study also showed that a high testosterone level may be one of the important indicators of low self-esteem status in obese girls with AN. ER  - 
Low cerebrospinal fluid protein in prepubertal children with idiopathic intracranial hypertension; Purpose To evaluate a clinical observation that prepubertal children with idiopathic intracranial hypertension (IIH) have low cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) protein levels compared to healthy children and pubertal patients with IIH. Methods The medical records of prepubertal and pubertal IIH patients and controls seen in the pediatric neuro-ophthalmology clinic at Duke between 2003 and 2013 were retrospectively reviewed. The control group consisted of children who had normal intracranial pressure on lumbar puncture performed to evaluate for headaches or anomalous-looking optic nerves. The records were analyzed with attention to demographic characteristics, clinical presentation, course, and lumbar puncture results. Results A total of 23 prepubertal children with IIH (age range, 0.75-13 years), 16 pubertal patients with IIH (age range, 13-21 years), and 12 controls (age range 3-14 years) were included. CSF analysis revealed that prepubertal children with IIH had significantly lower CSF protein levels (17.3 ± 5.7 mg/dL) compared to pubertal subjects with IIH (23.4 ± 8.4 mg/dL; P = 0.019) or healthy controls (23.5 ± 6.4 mg/dL; P = 0.011). Furthermore, 9 of 23 prepubertal IIH patients (39%) had abnormally low CSF protein level (<15 mg/dL), compared to zero pubertal IIH patients (P = 0.005) and zero controls (P = 0.015). Acetazolamide increased CSF protein level in 100% of patients who underwent repeat lumbar puncture after starting the medication (average increase, 10.3 ± 6.6 mg/dL). Conclusions Low CSF protein level may have diagnostic utility as a biomarker for prepubertal IIH. Furthermore, this finding suggests that some cases of prepubertal IIH may be caused by CSF overproduction rather than decreased CSF resorption. ER  - 
Bone mineral content as a driver of energy expenditure in prepubertal and early pubertal boys; Objective To examine the associations of bone and bone-secreted factors with measures of energy metabolism in prepubertal and early pubertal boys. Study design Participants in this cross-sectional, observational study included 37 (69% black, 31% white) boys, aged 7-12 years (Tanner stage <III). Dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry was used to measure bone mineral content (BMC) and percent body fat. Indirect calorimetry was used to assess resting energy expenditure (REE). Fasting blood levels of osteocalcin (OCN), fibroblast growth factor 23 (FGF23), insulin, glucose, precursor product of type I collagen (N-terminal pro-peptide) and type I collagen, and C-terminal cross-linked telopeptide were measured. Pearson correlations were performed to evaluate relationships among BMC, OCN, FGF23, fasting insulin and glucose, and REE. Multiple linear regression models were used to test associations between OCN and BMC (independent variables) with fasting insulin and glucose and with REE, adjusting for bone turnover markers and further adjusted for percent body fat. Results BMC was correlated with REE and insulin. OCN was correlated with glucose in blacks only (r = 0.45, P <.05). FGF23 was not correlated with any markers of energy metabolism. BMC was associated with insulin level in blacks (β = 0.95, P =.001), which was attenuated by percent body fat (β = 0.47, P =.081). BMC was associated with REE in whites (β = 0.496.7, P <.05) and blacks (β = 619.5, P <.0001); but accounting for percent body fat attenuated the association in whites (β = 413.2, P =.078). Conclusion Our findings suggest that BMC is a determinant of fasting insulin and REE, and that the contribution of body fat appears to be race-specific. Endocrine effects of FGF23 and OCN on energy metabolism were not apparent. ER  - 
Growth Hormone Treatment Improves Cognitive Function in Short Children with Growth Hormone Deficiency; Background/Aims: We investigated the association between cognition and growth hormone (GH) status and GH treatment in short prepubertal children with broadly ranging GH secretion. Methods: A total of 99 children (age 3-11 years), 41 with GH deficiency (GHD) and 58 with idiopathic short stature (ISS), were randomized to a fixed dose (43 μg/kg/day) or a prediction model-guided individualized dose (17-100 μg/kg/day) and followed up for 24 months. In a longitudinal and mixed within-and between-subjects study, we examined clinical effect size changes, measured by Cohen's d, in full-scale IQ (FSIQ) and secondary IQ indices. Results: Significant increases giving medium effect size in FSIQ (p = 0.001, Cohen's d = 0.63), performance IQ (p = 0.001, Cohen's d = 0.65) and processing speed (p = 0.005, Cohen's d = 0.71) were found in the GH-deficient group. In contrast, perceptual organization only increased in the ISS group (p = 0.001, Cohen's d = 0.53). Baseline IQ was normally distributed with small but significant differences between the groups: GH-deficient children had lower FSIQ (p = 0.042) and lower performance IQ (p = 0.021). Using multiple regression analysis, 40% of the variance in delta processing speed scores (0-24 months) was explained by GH<inf>max</inf> and IGF-I<inf>SDS</inf> at baseline. Conclusion: IQ, specifically fluid intelligence, increased in the GH-deficient children. The pretreatment status of the GH/IGF-I axis was significantly predictive for these changes. ER  - 
Types of reproductive disorders in underweight and overweight young females and correlations of respective hormonal changes with BMI; Background: Higher risks of reproductive problems have been found in underweight and overweight women with rapid weight gain or loss but evidence is inconsistent especially in relation to the effect of age of body weight changes. Objective: The aim of our study was to detect the peculiarities of menstrual function, prevalence of different types of reproductive disorders and correlations of respective hormonal changes with body mass index (BMI) in young female patients with thinness or obesity since childhood. Materials and Methods: In this prospective cross-sectional study 48 underweight and 55 overweight/obese young women with different reproductive problems underwent complete clinical and hormonal analyses. All 103 patients had weight problems since childhood. Results: Polycystic ovarian syndrome and metabolic syndrome was the most frequent in overweight and obese women, whilst non-classical congenital adrenal hyperplasia and ovarian dysfunction prevailed in underweight women (p0.001). No difference was determined according to the age of menarche (p=0.885) and types of menstrual disturbances (p=0.34) between the study groups. Hypogonadotropic hypogonadism was not found in young women who were lean since childhood. Follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH) (p=0.013) and sex hormone binging globulin (SHBG) (p0.001) levels were higher in women with low BMI, whilst free testosterone (FT) (p=0.019) and total testosterone (TT) (p=0.003) levels were higher in high BMI participants. BMI negatively correlated with FSH (p=0.009) and SHBG (p=0.001); and positively correlated with FT (p=0.001) and TT (p=0.002)Conclusion: Peculiarities of menstrual function and hormonal changes in young women with thinness or obesity since childhood are related to the types of reproductive disorders and their childhood BMI. ER  - 
Switching to multiple daily insulin injections in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes: Revisiting benefits from Oman; Objectives: Optimal glycemic control is an important goal in the management of type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM). Although the use of multiple daily injections (MDI) is a common regimen worldwide, its use is not yet universal in many countries. Our aim was to evaluate the effects of switching from a twice daily (BID) to a MDI insulin regimen in children and adolescents with T1DM in order to revisit its benefits in the Omani population. Methods: We conducted a retrospective cohort study of children and adolescents with T1DM at Sultan Qaboos University Hospital, Muscat, Oman, between January 2007 and June 2013. Patients using the BID regimen for more than six months who were then switched to MDI were included in the analysis. We compared glycated hemoglobin levels (HbA1c) before and after the regimen change. Results: Fifty-three children were eligible for the study. Ten patients were excluded for various reasons. The remaining 43 patients were 58% male and 42% female, with a mean age of 9.4±3.7 years. There was significant decrease in the overall mean HbA1c level from baseline (10.0) compared to three months after switching to MDI (9.5); p=0.023. Nevertheless, the improvement was not significant in the subsequent follow-up visits at six and nine months. The reduction in HbA1c values was observed mainly in children five to 11 years. Conclusions: Switching from a BID to MDI insulin regimen has favorable effects on the overall control of T1DM in children and adolescents, as assessed by HbA1c levels. In addition, this regimen has been proved to be safe and well tolerated by patients. ER  - 
Mother's pre-pregnancy BMI is an important determinant of adverse cardiometabolic risk in childhood; Objective: Maternal adiposity is associated with poor offspring cardiometabolic health. We aimed to evaluate the relationship of maternal pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) on the BMI, body composition and cardiometabolic characteristics of the offspring. Methods: Forty offspring of overweight/obese mothers (O-OW) and 28 offspring of normal weight mothers (O-NW) underwent evaluation of body composition, abdominal fat distribution, blood pressure measurement, fasting lipids and an oral glucose tolerance test. The anthropometric and cardiometabolic characteristics of O-OW were compared with those of O-NW, and the relationship to maternal BMI was evaluated. Results: Subjects (mean age: 12.6±0.4, female: 52.9%) had similar gestational age, birth weight, age, gender, and Tanner stage. However, O-OW had a significantly higher BMI (24.4±1.2 vs. 19.7±0.8kg/m<sup>2</sup>, p=0.001), % body fat (31.7±1.6 vs. 24.6±1.1%, p<0.001), visceral fat (41.9±4.7 vs. 26.1±3.9cm<sup>2</sup>, p=0.012) with no difference in lean body mass compared with O-NW. O-OW had lower whole body insulin sensitivity index (WBISI) with an adverse cardiovascular disease risk profile [higher blood pressure (BP), triglycerides to high-density lipoprotein (HDL) ratio, hs-C-reactive protein (CRP) and lower HDL]. In addition to offspring's %body fat (β=-0.60, p<0.001), maternal pre-pregnancy BMI (β=-0.19, p=0.046) contributed significantly and independently to the offspring's WBISI (R<sup>2</sup>=0.55, p<0.001). Conclusions: High pre-pregnancy BMI is an important contributor to excess adiposity, insulin resistance, and cardiometabolic disease risk in the offspring during childhood. ER  - 
Treated and untreated women with idiopathic precocious puberty: BMI evolution, metabolic outcome, and general health between third and fifth decades; Context: Central precocious puberty (CPP) may have clinical implications in adulthood. Objective: To assess the prevalence of obesity, metabolic outcome (hyperlipidemia, diabetes, and hypertension), and malignancy rate of former CPPwomenbetween the third and fifth decades of life. Design: This was a case control study of a historical cohort using the computerized database of a health management organization. Setting: The settingwasthe Institute for Endocrinology and Diabetes, Schneider Children's Medical Center of Israel, and Clalit Health Services. Participants: The study group comprised of 142 CPP women aged 27-50 years [100 GnRH analog (GnRHa) treated; 42 untreated]. The control group comprised of 413 women randomly matched for age, year of birth, and community clinic (283 for the GnRHa treated; 130 for the untreated). Methods: Extracted from the database were demographic data, medical history, medications dispensed, recorded anthropometric measurements, vital signs, and laboratory data. Results: At young adulthood, body mass index (percentile and distribution) of treated and untreated former CPPwomenwas comparable to that of their respective controls. Elevated body mass index at presentation was a risk factor for obesity in adulthood in the GnRHa-treated group (r = 0.257; P =.01). The prevalence of metabolic comorbidities (16 vs 13.4%; 21.4 vs 24.6%) and malignancy rate (1.0 vs 1.5%; 4.8 vs 1.5%) were similar in the former CPPwomenand their controls, with no significant difference between CPP groups. Conclusion: CPP (treated or untreated) is not associated with increased risk of obesity, metabolic derangements, or cancer morbidities in young adulthood. The finding that the health status of former CPP women is similar to that of the general population is reassuring. ER  - 
Subclinical hypothyroidism in children and adolescents: Is it clinically relevant?; Although subclinical hypothyroidism (SH) is a common clinical problem, its diagnosis tends to be incidental. According to the definition, it should be asymptomatic, only detectable by screening. The presence or coincidence of any symptoms leads to L-thyroxine treatment. The clinical presentation, especially in younger patients with subclinical hypothyroidism, is still under dispute. Accordingly, the aim of this paper was to review the literature from the past seven years. The literature search identified 1,594 potentially relevant articles, of which 24 met the inclusion criteria. Few studies focus on the symptomatology of subclinical hypothyroidism, and most of them analyzed a small number of subjects. A significant correlation was found by some authors between subclinical hypothyroidism and a higher risk of hypertension, dyslipidemia, and migraine. No evidence of the impact of subclinical hypothyroidism on weight, growth velocity, and puberty was revealed. As the quality of most studies is poor and no definite conclusions can be drawn, randomized, large-scale studies in children and adolescents are warranted to determine the best care for patients with SH. ER  - 
Oxidative/antioxidative status in obese and sport trained children: A comparative study; The aim of the study was to compare oxidative/antioxidative status in obese and sport trained children and to correlate obtained redox markers with anthropometrical measurements, body composition parameters, and adipokines levels. 78 (44 males) obese (SG) and 80 (40 males) normal weight sport trained (CG) children matched for age and Tanner stage were recruited for the study. Body composition parameters and basal metabolic rate (BMR) were assessed by bioelectrical impedance analysis (BIA). Oxidative/antioxidative status was evaluated in plasma by total oxidative status (PerOX), oxidized-LDL cholesterol (oxLDL), total antioxidative capacity (ImAnOx), and glutathione peroxidase activity (GPx). Leptin and adiponectin levels and adiponectin/leptin ratio (A/L) were also investigated. OxLDL was higher in SG versus CG (P < 0.05), but ImAnOx and GPx were reduced in SG versus CG (P < 0.01). Redox markers correlated significantly with BMI Z-score, WHR, WHtR, body composition parameters, leptin (in boys only), and A/L ratio (in boys only) in SG and in a whole studied population. PerOX significantly correlated with BMR in the CG. Antioxidative/oxidative status in obese children is significantly impaired and related adipose tissue excess and its hormonal activity. Oxidative status assessed by PerOx is also high in sport trained children but antioxidative defense is significantly more efficient with no overproduction of oxidized LDL. ER  - 
Age at Menarche and Cardiometabolic Risk in Adulthood: The Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults Study; Objective To examine the association of menarche timing with cardiometabolic risk factors into early to mid-adulthood, comparing African American and White women. Study design Analyses included 2583 women (African American = 1333; White = 1250) from the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults cohort study over 25 years of follow-up (1985-2011). Outcomes included type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome, adiposity, glucose, insulin, blood pressure, and blood lipids. Cox models or repeated measures linear regression models estimated the association between age at menarche and the outcomes. Results Each 1-year earlier age at menarche was associated with higher mean body mass index among African American (0.88 ± 0.12 kg/m2, P <.0001) and White (0.89 ± 0.10 kg/m2, P <.0001) women. After body mass index adjustment, each 1-year earlier age at menarche was associated with higher triglycerides (2.26 ± 0.68 mg/dL, P =.001) and glucose (0.34 ± 0.11 mg/dL, P =.002), and greater risk for incident impaired fasting glucose (hazard ratio = 1.13, 95% CI 1.04-1.20) and metabolic syndrome (hazard ratio 1.19, 95% CI 1.11-1.26) among White women only. Conclusions Excess adiposity associated with earlier menarche is sustained through mid-adulthood, and primarily drives higher cardiometabolic risk factor levels. However, White women with earlier menarche had increased risk of a number of insulin-resistance related conditions independent of adiposity. The cardiometabolic impact of earlier menarche was weaker in African American women despite higher average adiposity. Weight maintenance would likely reduce but may not completely eliminate the elevated cardiometabolic risk of earlier menarche. ER  - 
Irisin and its relation to insulin resistance and puberty in obese children: A longitudinal analysis; Context: Irisin is a recently identified myokine affecting metabolic and glucose homeostasis. However, the role of irisin in obesity and its metabolic consequences are controversial, and data in children are scarce. Objective: To study the relationships between irisin, insulin resistance, and puberty before and after weight loss in obese children with and without impaired glucose tolerance. Design: One-year follow-up study in obese children participating in a lifestyle intervention. Setting: Primary care. Patients: Forty obese children and 20 normal-weight children of similar age, gender, and pubertal stage. Intervention: A 1-year outpatient intervention program based on exercise, behavior, and nutrition therapy. Main Outcomes Measures: Fasting serum irisin, weight status (body mass index [BMI] SD score), and the following parameters of the metabolic syndrome: insulin resistance index (homeostasis model of assessment), blood pressure, and lipids. Results: The irisin levels were the highest in obese children with impaired glucose tolerance, followed by obese children with normal glucose tolerance, and levels were lowest in normalweight children (P < .001). In a multiple linear regression analysis, baseline irisin was significantly associated with pubertal stage, high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol, and homeostasis model of assessment, but not to age, gender, BMI, or any other parameter of the metabolic syndrome. The irisin concentrations were significantly (P = .010) lower in the prepubertal compared to the pubertal children. In longitudinal analyses, changes of irisin were significantly associated with entry into puberty, change of fasting glucose, and 2-hour glucose in an oral glucose tolerance test, but not with change of BMI or any other parameter. Conclusions: Irisin levels are related to pubertal stage and insulin resistance but not to weight status in childhood. ER  - 
The prevalence of cardiovascular risk factors in obese children; Childhood Obesity poses a public health problem in Ireland. Complications associated include metabolic disease and cardiovascular disease risk. Our aim was to determine the prevalence of cardiovascular risk factors in a cohort of obese Irish children. Assessments were performed on obese children attending weight management clinic. Pedometers and self report physical activity questionnaires were administered to each participant to determine physical activity levels. Fifty-nine children (21 prepubertal and 38 pubertal/post-pubertal) were metabolically profiled. Mean–SD of z scores for BMI, Waist Circumference and Body Fat % were +3.29–0.48, +3.98–0.73 and +2.75–0.50 respectively. 43% (n=9) prepubertal and 68% (n=26) pubertal/postpubertal children had at least one other cardiovascular risk factor in addition to obesity. Increased moderatea-vigorous physical activity levels correlated with reduced incidence of cardiovascular risk factors. There is a significant prevalence of cardiovascular risk factors among obese pre-pubertal children and pubertal/post-pubertal adolescents attending an Irish obesity clinic. ER  - 
Genetics of bone mass in childhood and adolescence: Effects of sex and maturation interactions; We aimed to determine if adult bone mineral density (BMD) susceptibility loci were associated with pediatric bone mass and density, and if sex and pubertal stage influenced any association. We analyzed prospective areal BMD (aBMD) and bone mineral content (BMC) data from the Bone Mineral Density in Childhood Study (n = 603, European ancestry, 54% female). Linear mixed models were used to assess if 77 single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) near known adult BMD susceptibility loci interacted with sex and pubertal stage to influence the aBMD/BMC; adjusting for age, BMI, physical activity, and dietary calcium. The strongest main association was observed between an SNP near C7orf58 and distal radius aBMD. However, this association had a significant sex•SNP interaction, revealing a significant association only in females (b = -0.32, p = 1.8 × 10<sup>-6</sup>). Furthermore, the C12orf23 locus had significant interactions with both sex and pubertal stage, revealing associations in females during Tanner stage I for total hip aBMD (b = 0.24, p = 0.001) and femoral neck aBMD (b = 0.27, p = 3.0 × 10<sup>-5</sup>). In contrast, the sex•SNP interactions for loci near LRP5 and WNT16 uncovered associations that were only in males for total body less head BMC (b = 0.22, p = 4.4 × 10<sup>-4</sup>) and distal radius aBMD (b = 0.27, p = 0.001), respectively. Furthermore, the LRP5 locus interacted with both sex and pubertal stage, demonstrating associations that were exclusively in males during Tanner V for total hip aBMD (b = 0.29, p = 0.003). In total, significant sex•SNP interactions were found at 15 loci; pubertal stage•SNP interactions at 23 loci and 19 loci interacted with both sex and pubertal stage. In conclusion, variants originally associated with adult BMD influence bone mass in children of European ancestry, highlighting the fact that many of these loci operate early in life. However, the direction and magnitude of associations for a large number of SNPs only became evident when accounting for sex and maturation. ER  - 
Use of a Gonadotropin-releasing Hormone Analog to Treat Idiopathic Central Precocious Puberty Is Not Associated with Changes in Bone Structure in Postmenarchal Adolescents; Study Objectives: To evaluate bone quantity and quality in postmenarchal adolescents treated for idiopathic central precocious puberty (CPP) in childhood with a gonadotropin-releasing hormone analog (GnRHa) and to determine the serum concentrations of bone remodeling markers. Design and Participants: This cross-sectional study included 53 postmenarchal adolescent girls who were divided into 2 groups: 27 adolescents who were treated with GnRHa in childhood for idiopathic CPP (the CPP group) and 26 women who presented with physiological development of secondary sex traits (the control group). Interventions: None. Main Outcome Measures: Weight, height, body mass index, age at menarche, time since menarche, body composition, bone mineral density (BMD), bone quality, and serum insulin, glucose, osteocalcin, and carboxyl-terminal telopeptide of type I collagen concentrations were compared in the 2 groups. BMD data were analyzed by using both dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry (DXA) and osteosonography, and body composition was measure with the use of DXA and electrical bioimpedance. Results: BMD and bone quality did not differ significantly between the CPP and control groups when analyzed by using DXA or osteosonography. Serum osteocalcin concentration was significantly lower ( P = .02) in the CPP than in the control group. Insulin was higher in the CPP group, and hyperinsulinemia was an independent predictor of bone quantity and quality assessed by using osteosonography. Body mass index and percent fat were determined by using DXA, and the duration of use of GnRHa treatment and the time since GnRHa discontinuation were not independent predictors of bone quantity and quality. Conclusion: Postmenarchal adolescents treated with GnRHa for CPP in childhood did not show a reduction in bone quantity or quality. ER  - 
Long-term continuous suppression with once-yearly histrelin subcutaneous implants for the treatment of central precocious puberty: A final report of a phase 3 multicenter trial; Context and Objective: The histrelin implant has proven to be an effective method of delivering GnRH analog (GnRHa) therapy to children with central precocious puberty (CPP), yet there are limited data available regarding hormonal suppression and auxological changes during an extended course of therapy. Design: This was a phase 3, prospective, open-label study. Setting and Participants: Thirty-six children with CPP who participated in a phase 3, open-label study and required further GnRHa therapy were eligible to continue treatment receiving a new implant upon removal of the prior 12-month histrelin implant during a long-term extension phase. Outcome Measures: Hormone levels and auxologic parameters were measured periodically for up to 6 years of treatment and up to 1 year of posttreatment follow-up. Results: Hormonal suppression was maintained throughout the study in patients who had prior GnRHa therapy (n = 16) and in treatment-naive patients (n = 20). Bone age to chronological age ratio decreased from 1.417 (n = 20) at baseline to 1.18 (n = 8) at 48 months in treatment-naive children (P < .01). Predicted adult height in girls increased from 151.9 cm at baseline to 166.5 cm at month 60 (n = 6; P < .05), with a 10.7-cm height gain observed among treatment-naive children (n = 5). No adverse effect on growth or recovery of the hypothalamic-pituitary-gonadal axis was observed with hormonal suppression. The histrelin implant was generally well tolerated during long-term therapy. Conclusions: Long-term histrelin implant therapy provided sustained gonadotropin suppression safely and effectively and improved predicted adult height in children with CPP. ER  - 
Association of the Alu insertion polymorphism in the progesterone receptor gene with breast cancer in a Mexican population; Introduction: The progesterone receptor (PR) gene plays an important role in reproduction-related events. Data on polymorphisms in the PR gene have revealed associations with cancer, particularly for the Alu insertion polymorphism, which has been suggested to affect progesterone receptor function and contribute to tumor promotion in the mammary gland. Material and methods: We examined the role of the Alu insertion polymorphism in the PR gene by comparing the genotypes of 209 healthy Mexican women with those of 481 Mexican women with breast cancer (BC). Results: The genotype frequencies observed in the controls and BC patients were 0% and 4% for T2/T2 (Alu insertion), 16% and 21% for T1/T2, and 84% and 75% for T1/T1 (Alu deletion), respectively. The obtained odds ratio (OR) was 1.7, with a 95% confidence interval (95% CI) of 1.1-2.6, p = 0.009, for the T1/T2-T2/T2 genotypes. The association was also evident when the distributions of the T1/T2-T2/T2 genotypes in patients in the following categories were compared: obesity grade II (OR = 1.81, 95% CI: 1.03-3.18, p = 0.039) and the chemotherapy response (OR = 1.91, 95% CI: 1.27-3.067, p = 0.002). Conclusions: The T1/T2-T2/T2 genotypes of the Alu insertion polymorphism in the PR gene are associated with BC susceptibility in the analyzed Mexican population. ER  - 
Prematurity, smallness-for-gestational age and later hospital admissions: A nation-wide registry study; Introduction: Being born premature or small for gestational age (SGA) is known to be associated with diseases later in life, such as gestational diabetes, hypertension and pre-eclampsia. In this study we examined the association between being born premature or SGA and all diseases diagnosed during hospital admissions later in life. Methods: Using Danish nation-wide registries we created a cohort of 1,348,106 persons born 1974-1996 and assessed all unique diagnoses registered in the Danish Patient Registry (DPR) for hospital admissions in the period 1994-2007 (n = 27,910,558). We determined the odds ratios for persons born premature or SGA using multivariate logistic regression. Results: A total of 15,059 unique ICD-10 diagnosis codes were represented in the period. Only diagnoses used at least 100 times were included in the analysis (n = 4175). Of these 838 showed an odds ratio that was statistically significantly different from unity for people born premature or SGA. After correcting for multiple testing, 250 remained significant. The diagnoses covered diseases in most organ systems, including cardiovascular, endocrinological, infectious, neurological/neurosurgical, obstetric, orthopedic, psychiatric, lung & urological diseases, and occurred throughout childhood and early adulthood. Novel findings included increased risks for delayed puberty, neurofibromatosis type 1 and ileus and decreased risks of mononucleosis, peritonsillar abscesses, chronic hypothyroidism and several types of fractures and contusions later in life. Conclusion: Being born premature or SGA was associated with significantly altered risks of being admitted to a hospital with a wide range of diseases later in life, affecting almost all organ systems throughout childhood and early adulthood. Our findings may motivate testing in other cohorts and search for novel mechanisms of pathogenesis. ER  - 
A Prospective Study of Insulin-Like Growth Factor 1, Its Binding Protein 3, and Risk of Endometriosis; Several retrospective case-control studies suggested that insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) or insulin-like growth factor binding protein 3 (IGFBP-3) was associated with endometriosis. However, results are inconsistent and no prospective study exists. We prospectively evaluated associations between plasma levels of IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 and laparoscopically confirmed endometriosis in a case-control study nested within the Nurses' Health Study II. Between blood collections in 1996-1999 and 2007, we ascertained 310 premenopausal women with incident endometriosis and 615 matched controls. We estimated incidence rate ratios and 95% confidence intervals using multivariable conditional logistic regression. We observed no statistically significant associations between endometriosis and IGF-1 (incidence rate ratio (IRR) = 0.88, 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.61, 1.27; P<inf>trend</inf> = 0.48), IGFBP-3 (IRR = 1.12, 95% CI: 0.80, 1.57; P<inf>trend</inf> = 0.51), and the IGF-1:IGFBP-3 molar ratio (IRR = 0.94, 95% CI: 0.66, 1.34; P<inf>trend</inf> = 0.64), comparing the top with the bottom tertile. IGF-1, IGFBP-3, and the molar ratio appeared to be positively associated with endometriosis risk among women aged <40 years at blood draw (IGF-1: IRR = 1.60, 95% CI: 0.86, 2.98; IGFBP-3: IRR = 1.85, 95% CI: 1.08, 3.16; IGF-1:IGFBP-3: IRR = 1.57, 95% CI: 0.85, 2.88) but not among women aged ≥40 years at blood draw (all P<inf>heterogeneity</inf> ≤ 0.05). Overall, these data suggest that, if IGF-1 or IGFBP-3 plays a role in the etiology of endometriosis, it is minimal and perhaps only among younger women. ER  - 
Gynecomastia. Clinical and ethiological aspects. Retrospective, multicenter study; Gynecomastia is a benign enlargement of breast tissue in men. It occurs physiologically in three stages of life: newborns, pubescent boys and older adults. It is a frequent reason for consulting and -though generally benign-it produces anxiety and discomfort. It is important to differentiate between the asymptomatic presence of palpable breast tissue, which is of little clinical relevance, and a recent onset breast enlargement usually associated with pain and swelling, which can be a sign of illness or pharmacological impact. Aims: To evaluate the presenting features (symptoms, duration, laterality, etc.) and biochemical profile of gynecomastia; to assess the etiology of gynecomastia in the study population. Methods: Retrospective, multicenter study. We evaluated the medical records of 220 men aged 18-85 years (average age 33 years: median 39.5 ± 19.6 years) with imaging and clinical diagnosis of gynecomastia who had undergone biochemical assessment. The consultation period was from May 2002 to June 2013. The following data was assessed: breast pain, duration of gynecomastia, sexual function, galactorrhea, weight change, habits (alcohol, drug addiction, anabolic steroids), history of pubertal gynecomastia, use of medication and family history of gynecomastia. Physical examination: weight, height, body mass index (BMI), breast and gonadal examination. Laboratory: total testosterone (TT), bioavailable testosterone (Bio-T), estradiol (E2), luteinizing hormone, follicle stimulating hormone, prolactin, thyrotropin, alpha fetoprotein, β subunit of human chorionic gonadotropin and carcinoembryonic antigen. For hormonal abnormalities, each site's reference values were considered. In all patients, gynecomastia was confirmed by ultrasound and/or mammography. Results: A higher prevalence of gynecomastia is observed in the age range between 21 and 30 years (n = 66; 30 %). Most patients presented spontaneously (77.7 %); the rest were referred from other specialties. The most frequent reasons for consultation were aesthetic reasons (70.4 %) and breast pain (27.3 %). Twenty-three point two percent of subjects had a history of pubertal gynecomastia. Evolution time prior to consultation was highly variable (1 month to 40 years). On physical examination, 122 patients (55.4 %) had bilateral and 98 patients (44.6 %) had unilateral gynecomastia (54.1 % left and 45.9 % right); 44.8 % were overweight and 22.4 % were obese. BMI: 27.2 ± 4.3 kg/m<sup>2</sup>. In 29.1 % of patients breast pain was identified on medical examination. One patient (with macroprolactinoma) had spontaneous galactorrhea and in 3 patients mammary secretion was found on physical examination. Gonadal examination was performed in 147 patients, 126 had normal testicular volume, 10 had bilateral hypotrophy, 7 had unilateral hypotrophy and 4 unilateral absence of the testis. Idiopathic gynecomastia was the most common etiology (47.8 %). The most relevant secondary cause of gynecomastia was anabolic steroids consumption (14.1 %). In 6 cases two causes coexisted (total: 226 causes). Elevated cancer markers were not found in any of the cases. If we divide the population into patients younger and older than 40, in the former the most common secondary causes were the use of anabolic steroids and persistent pubertal gynecomastia, while in patients older than 40, they were hypogonadism and medical drug use. Patients with bilateral gynecomastia had a longer history of gynecomastia: 3.4 ± 5.7 versus 1.4 ± 1.9 years (p = 0.0004); higher BMI: 28.4 ± 4.4 versus 25.5 ± 3.5 kg/m<sup>2</sup> (p < 0.0001) and lower TT levels: 4.7 ± 2.0 versus 5.4 ± 1.9 ng/ml (p=0.019) than patients with unilateral gynecomastia, respectively. A negative correlation between BMI and TT was found (r= -0.38, p< 0.0001). No correlation between BMI and E2 and between BMI and bio-T was found. Ultrasound was used in 83.2 % of patients and mammography in 43.6 % (both 28.2 %). Conclusions: Patients with gynecomastia consulted more often for aesthetic reasons and secondarily for breast pain. Detection of galactorrhea was rare. Gonadal examination was normal in most patients and 66.7 % were overweight or obese. Just over half of the patients presented with bilateral gynecomastia and compared with cases of unilateral gynecomastia, they had a longer history of disease, higher BMI and lower TT levels. The most common cause of gynecomastia was idiopathic in all age groups. Persistent pubertal gynecomastia and anabolic steroids consumption were frequent in patients younger than 40 years, and medical drug use and hypogonadism in patients over 40. The presence of gynecomastia may be the expression of an underlying and clinically relevant disease. This highlights the need for an adequate and complete clinical, biochemical and imaging assessment in these patients. Copyright ® 2015 por la Sociedad Argentina de Endocrinología y Metabolismo. ER  - 
Preserved C-peptide levels in overweight or obese compared with underweight children upon diagnosis of type 1 diabetes mellitus original article; Purpose: We hypothesized that overweight or obese children might develop type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) early despite residual beta-cell function. Factors independently associated with preservation of C-peptide level were analyzed. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed the medical data of 135 children aged 2.1–16.5 years with autoimmune T1DM. Body mass index (BMI), pubertal stage, and glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) and C-peptide levels were evaluated. Patients were assigned to underweight (22.2%), normal weight (63.7%), and overweight or obese (14.1%) groups according to their BMI. Results: Preservation of serum C-peptide levels (≥0.6 ng/mL) was found in 43.0% of subjects. With increasing BMI, the proportions of children with preserved C-peptide levels increased from 33.3% to 41.9% to 63.2%, with marginal significance (P=0.051). Interaction analysis indicated no effect of BMI score on age at onset associated with serum C-peptide levels. The lower the C-peptide level, the younger the age of onset (P<0.001), after adjustment for BMI z-score and HbA1c level. However, no significant relationship between BMI z-score or category and onset age was evident. Upon multivariate-adjusted modeling, the odds that the C-peptide level was preserved increased by 1.2 fold (P=0.001) per year of life, by 3.1 folds (P=0.015) in children presenting without (compared to with) ketoacidosis, and by 5.0 folds (P=0.042) in overweight or obese (compared to underweight) children. Conclusion: Overweight or obese children had slightly more residual beta-cell function than did underweight children. However, we found no evidence that obesity temporally accelerates T1DM presentation. ER  - 
Use of melatonin for sleep disturbance in a large intellectual disability psychiatry service; Aims and methods: A retrospective case note analysis was undertaken to evaluate prescribing practices, tolerability and perceived effectiveness in patients treated with melatonin for sleep disturbance in a psychiatry service caring for people with intellectual disability in a city with a population of 1.1 million.Two authors scrutinized notes to extract information on to a previously agreed proforma on degree of intellectual disability, comorbid conditions and medication, type of sleep disturbance, dose of melatonin, response to treatment and side effects. Results: One hundred and nineteen patients of whom 103(86.5%) had Autism Spectrum Disorder or traits, had been prescribed melatonin; Eighty eight (73.9%) of these had documented improvements in their sleep pattern. There was variation in prescribing practice regarding doses used and titration regime. No serious adverse effects were associated with its use in the short term; those which did occur probably do not represent a rise above events that would be seen by chance in this population. Patients with autistic spectrum disorder (ASD) or autistic traits were more likely to show a positive response to melatonin than those with learning disability and no ASD/autistic traits (P50.0229.). Some subjects showed a loss of efficacy after initial response, some of who responded to a higher dose. Clinical implications: Melatonin appears to represent an effective treatment for sleep disorders in children and adults with intellectual disability (ID), patients with ASD are likely to be responders. It is associated with few serious side effects. There is a need for large-scale studies to further evaluate short and long-term side effects and to determine optimal dosing regimes. ER  - 
Severe salt-losing 3β-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase deficiency: Treatment and outcomes of HSD3B2 c.35G>A homozygotes; Context: 3-β-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase (HSD3B2) deficiency accounts for less than 5% of congenital adrenal hyperplasia worldwide, but is relatively common among the Old Order Amish of North America due to a HSD3B2 c.35G>A founder mutation. Objective: We review clinical presentation, disease course, treatment, and outcomes of a genetically homogenous population of HSD3B2-deficient patients. Design and Participants: This was a retrospective case series: anthropometric, biochemical, and clinical data from 16 (six male) affected subjects (age, 7.2 ± 6.4 y) were compared to reference data from 12 age-matched unaffected siblings. Setting: The setting was the Clinic for Special Children, a nonprofit rural community health center in Lancaster, Pennsylvania. Main Outcome Measures: The main outcome measures were growth, skeletal maturation, sexual development, blood pressure, glucocorticoid dose, pituitary-adrenal homeostasis, and long-term morbidity. Results: Exogenous glucocorticoid requirement was dichotomous: a standard-dose group (n = 9) required 15.4 ± 4.9 mg/m<sup>2</sup>/d hydrocortisone equivalent, whereas a high-dose group required much larger and more variable doses (hydrocortisone equivalent, 37.8 ± 15.4 mg/m<sup>2</sup>/d) (P < .0001). Despite glucocorticoid doses 2-fold higher than the standard-dose group, high-dose patients: 1) had ACTH, 17-hydroxypregnenolone, and dehydroepiandrosterone levels that were 10-fold, 20-fold, and 20-fold higher, respectively; 2) were exclusively affected by signs of sex steroid excess; and 3) tended to have more iatrogenic complications. Conclusions: Patients with HSD3B2 deficiency and 21-hydroxylase deficiency suffer similar morbid complications from under- and overtreatment, but HSD3B2 deficiency is associated with a distinctive pattern of sex steroid dysmetabolism. Disease- and treatment-related morbidities are almost exclusively observed among subjects who have a high exogenous glucocorticoid requirement. ER  - 
Birth weight is associated with the IGF-1 response to GH in children: Programming of the anabolic action of GH?; Context: Intrauterine programming of the somatotropic axis has been hypothesized in cases of intrauterine growth retardation. Objective: The objective of the study was to study the effects of birth weight and body composition on GH sensitivity. Design: This was a cross-sectional study with a single GH administration to assess GH sensitivity. Setting: The study was conducted at the Department of Pediatric Endocrinology of an academic medical center. Patients: One hundred normal short children aged from 4 to 17 years old (44 girls, 56 boys) separated into four groups: early childhood (aged 4-8 y, n = 14), late childhood (aged 9-12 y, pubertal stage 1, n = 30), early puberty (aged 10-15 y, stage 2, n = 32), and midpuberty (aged 12-17 y, stages 3 and 4, n = 24). Intervention and Main Outcome Measure: Serum IGF-1 at baseline and 24 hours after a single administration of GH (2 mg/m<sup>2</sup>) were measured. Results: δIGF-1 significantly increased across the groups (P < .0001) with no gender difference, whereas the percentage of change in IGF-1 was similar (47% ± 32%). Independent predictors of δIGF-1 were birth weight SD score, fat percentage, fasting insulin (all positive predictors), and free fatty acids (negative predictor), with age, puberty, and baseline IGF-1 as adjusting variables (multiple R = 0.73, P < .0001). Independent predictors of the percentage of change in IGF-1 were birth weight SD score, fat percentage, and baseline IGF-1 (multiple R = 0.43, P < .001). Conclusion: This study suggests that in cases of low birth weight, intrauterine programming of GH sensitivity may be an adaptation to an expected poor postnatal nutritional environment, serving to restrict the anabolic action of GH. Conversely, postnatal excess energy stores may promote the anabolic action of GH. ER  - 
Low treatment adherence in pubertal children treated with thyroxin or growth hormone; Background: Treatment outcome depends largely on treatment adherence (TA). However, studies analyzing TA in chronic endocrine diseases are scarce and controversial in childhood. Patients and Methods: We studied TA in 103 children treated subcutaneously with growth hormone (GH) and 97 children treated orally with thyroxin. TA was calculated based on the prescription refill rates. The number of GH injections was recorded by an autoinjector device in 23 children treated with GH. Results: The correlation between recorded TA and calculated TA based on prescription refill rates was very good (p < 0.001, r = 0.83). TA was lower (p < 0.01) in pubertal children compared to prepubertal children and in children self-administering their medication compared to those whose drug was administered by their parents, both in GH- and thyroxin-treated children. Overall, 67% of the pubertal children treated with GH and 58% of the pubertal children treated with thyroxin missed at least 1 dose per week. TA was higher (p < 0.001) in children with thyroxin treatment compared to children treated with recombinant human GH (8 vs. 26% missed >3 doses/week). Discussion: Puberty and self-administration of drugs were negative predictors of TA. Therefore, in puberty, prevention and treatment efforts should be undertaken to improve TA, especially when adolescents administer their drugs themselves. ER  - 
Early retesting by GHRH + arginine test shows normal GH response in most children with idiopathic GH deficiency; Purpose: Most children with idiopathic isolated GH deficiency (IGHD) normalize GH response to stimulation tests when retested at the completion of growth. The objective of this study was to test the effectiveness of early retesting in challenging the diagnosis of idiopathic IGHD and critically review the diagnostic workup leading to this diagnosis in children with short stature. Methods: We cross-sectionally retested 38 children with idiopathic IGHD and still on GH treatment. The initial diagnosis of idiopathic IGHD was based on subnormal GH responses to two stimulation tests and normal brain imaging or minor/nonspecific findings at magnetic resonance. The GH response normalization at retesting was considered as the main outcome measure. Clinical features of children who were falsely classified as idiopathic IGHD based on first GH testing were retrospectively analyzed. Results: GH secretion was normal in 36/38 children (95 %). Two children showed slightly reduced peak GH responses and normal IGF-I levels. Fourteen children underwent GH retesting before puberty, 24 children during puberty. Conclusion: The diagnostic process should be improved to minimize the rate of false positive at GH testing and, in case of unsatisfactory response to GH treatment, the diagnosis of isolated idiopathic GHD should be challenged with early retesting. ER  - 
Adolescent and early adulthood dietary carbohydrate quantity and quality in relation to breast cancer risk; Background: We investigated quantity and quality of dietary carbohydrate as well as insulin load and insulin index during adolescence and also early adulthood in relation to risk of breast cancer in the Nurses' Health Study II. Methods: During 20 years of follow-up of 90,534 premenopausal women who completed a diet questionnaire in 1991, 2,833 invasive breast cancer cases were documented. In 1998, 44,263 of these women also completed a questionnaire about their diet during high school; among these women, we documented 1,118 cases of breast cancer. Multivariable-adjusted Cox proportional hazards regression was used to model relative risks (RR) and 95% confidence intervals (95% CI) for breast cancer across categories of dietary carbohydrate, glycemic index (GI), glycemic load (GL), as well as insulin load and insulin index scores. Results: Adolescent or early adult intakes of GI or GL were not associated with risk of breast cancer. Comparing women in the highest versus lowest quintile, the multivariable-adjusted RRs were 1.14 (0.95-1.38) for adolescent GI scores and 1.03 (0.91-1.16) for early adulthood GI scores. We also did not observe associations with insulin index and insulin load scores in adolescence or early adulthood and breast cancer risk. Conclusions: We found that diets high in GI, GL, insulin index, and insulin load during adolescence or early adulthood were not associated with an increased risk of breast cancer in this cohort study. Impact: Diets with a high glucose or insulin response in adolescence or early adulthood were not significant predictors of breast cancer incidence. ER  - 
Duodenal expression of 25 hydroxyVitamin D3-1α-hydroxylase is higher in adolescents than in children and adults; Context: Puberty is associated with increased dietary calcium absorption. However, little is known about the metabolic adaptations that enhance calcium absorption during puberty. Objectives: To investigate duodenal 25-hydroxy Vitamin D-1α-hydroxylase (CYP 27B1) mRNA expression and duodenal 1,25-dihydroxyVitamin D3 (1,25(OH)2D3) production in children, adolescents, and adults. Design and Methods: CYP27B1and IGF1 mRNA expression and 1,25(OH)2D3 production were determined in duodenal biopsies. CYP27B1 expression was also determined after IGF1R inhibitor treatment of human and mice duodenal explants. mRNA expression was determined by RT-PCR, and CYP27B1 activity was determined by incubating duodenal explants with 25(OH)D3 and measuring 1,25(OH)2D3 production by radioimmunoassay. Results: CYP27B1 mRNA expression was 13.7 and 10.4 times higher in biopsies from adolescents compared to adults and children, respectively. IGF1 mRNA expression was 30% and 45% higher in explants from adolescents and children, respectively, compared to adults. Inhibition of IGF1 receptor activity decreased CYP27B1expression in explants from both mice (85%) and humans (24%). 1,25(OH)2D3 production reached a maximum velocity of 768 ± 268 pmol/l/mg protein at 748.8 nmol/l of 25(OH)D3 in children and adolescents, whereas the maximum velocity was 86.4 ± 43.2 pmol/l/mg protein in adults. The substrate concentration at which the enzyme shows half of its maximum activity was similar in all groups, ranging between 624 and 837 nmol/L of 25(OH)D3. Conclusions: Increased CYP27B1 expression and local duodenal 1,25(OH)2D3 production during puberty may be a metabolic adaptation that promotes dietary calcium absorption. IGF1, a major factor in skeletal growth, is also involved in the modulation of CYP27B1 expression in the gut and may increase calcium supply for the growing bone. ER  - 
Neuroendocrine morbidity after pediatric optic gliomas: A longitudinal analysis of 166 children over 30 years; Context: Fifty percent of pediatric low-grade gliomas affect the optic pathway, hypothalamus, and suprasellar areas (OP/HSGs), resulting in significant long-term neuroendocrinopathy. Objective: This study aimed to dissect tumor-from treatment-related risk factors for OP/HSGassociated neuroendocrinopathy. Design: This was a retrospective case notes analysis of 166 children with newly diagnosed OP/HSGs at our quaternary center between 1980 and 2010 by multivariate Cox, linear, and logistic regression. Results: Patients were of median (range) age 4.9 (0.2-15.4) years at diagnosis and followed up for 8.3 (0.04-26.8) years. Despite high 20-year overall survival (81.0%), progression-free and endocrine event-free survival (EEFS) were 47.2 and 20.8%, respectively. EEFS declined up to 15 years postdiagnosis, with hypothalamic involvement (P<.001) being implicatedmorethan radiotherapy (P< .008) in earlier endocrinopathy; the reverse being true of its density (radiotherapy P = .001; hypothalamic involvement P < .006). GH deficiency (GHD) was most common (40.3%), followed by central precocious puberty (CPP, 26.0%), gonadotropin (GnD; 20.4%), TSH (13.3%), and ACTH (13.3%) deficiencies. GHD increased with later treatment eras (P = .01), but replacement did not increase progression. CPP was associated with future GnD (P<.05). Posterior pituitary dysfunction (PPD; 7.2%) occurred in57.9%after only biopsies or shunt procedures,andwasassociated with 6/13 deaths; 50.2% became obese. Tumor extent, surgery, and increased endocrinopathy, rather than radiotherapy, predicted visuocognitive morbidity. Conclusions: This first longitudinal OP/HSG-specific study demonstrates that hypothalamo-pituitary dysfunction evolves hierarchically over decades.Tumorlocation predicts its speed of onsetand radiotherapy its density.GnDcan evolvefromprevious CPP, whereas life-threateningPPDcan occur after any surgery. Our data suggest that recent radiation-avoiding chemotherapeutic strategies have increased GHD without improving survival. ER  - 
Childhood obesity in specialist care - Searching for a healthy obese child; Introduction One in three obese adults is classified as metabolically healthy, but there is less evidence in obese children. We studied the overall clinical presentation of Finnish obese children and the prevalence of cardiometabolic risk factors with child-specific cut-offs. Material and methods This is a cross-sectional register-based study of 2-18-year-old children (n=900) evaluated for obesity in three hospitals in 2005-2012. Clinical and metabolic data were related to sex, age, puberty, and obesity grade and analyzed using chi-square and non-parametric tests. Results In 80% of cases at least one cardiovascular risk factor was present. Only 3% of subjects for whom complete metabolic data were available (n=360) had no metabolic disorder. Systolic blood pressure was hypertensive in 50.2% and diastolic in 14.5% of the children. The youngest children had highest body mass index SD score. Obesity was more severe in boys than girls (p<0.001). Hypertensive systolic blood pressure values (p=0.012), prediabetes (p<0.001), fatty liver (p<0.001), and dyslipidemia (p=0.025) were more prevalent in 15-18-year-old boys than girls. Conclusion Most obese children in specialist care have cardiovascular risk factors; this indicates that earlier intervention is needed. ER  - 
Osteoporosis in children: Diagnosis and management; Osteoporosis in children can be primary or secondary due to chronic disease. Awareness among paediatricians is vital to identify patients at risk of developing osteoporosis. Previous fractures and backaches are clinical predictors, and low cortical thickness and low bone density are radiological predictors of fractures. Osteogenesis Imperfecta (OI) is a rare disease and should be managed in tertiary paediatric units with the necessary multidisciplinary expertise. Modern OI management focuses on functional outcomes rather than just improving bone mineral density. While therapy for OI has improved tremendously over the last few decades, this chronic genetic condition has some unpreventable, poorly treatable and disabling complications. In children at risk of secondary osteoporosis, a high degree of suspicion needs to be exercised. In affected children, further weakening of bone should be avoided by minimising exposure to osteotoxic medication and optimising nutrition including calcium and vitamin D. Early intervention is paramount. However, it is important to identify patient groups in whom spontaneous vertebral reshaping and resolution of symptoms occur to avoid unnecessary treatment. Bisphosphonate therapy remains the pharmacological treatment of choice in both primary and secondary osteoporosis in children, despite limited evidence for its use in the latter. The duration and intensity of treatment remain a concern for longterm safety. Various new potent antiresorptive agents are being studied, but more urgently required are studies using anabolic medications that stimulate bone formation. More research is required to bridge the gaps in the evidence for management of paediatric osteoporosis. ER  - 
Urine albumin-to-creatinine ratio: A marker of early endothelial dysfunction in youth; Context: The urine albumin-to-creatinine ratio (UACR) is a useful predictor of cardiovascular (CV) events in adults. Its relationship to vascular function in children is not clear. Objective: Weinvestigated whether UACR was related to insulin resistance and endothelial function, a marker of subclinical atherosclerosis, in adolescents across the spectrum of glucose regulation. Participants: Participants were 58 adolescents: 13 normal weight (NW), 25 overweight with normal glucose tolerance (OW-NGT), and 20 overweight with prediabetes (OW-PreD). Interventions: Interventions included oral glucose tolerance test, hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp with determination of insulin sensitivity (IS), endothelial function assessment by peripheral arterial tonometry determination of the reactive hyperemia index (RHI), body composition (dualenergy x-ray absorptiometry), and abdominal fat distribution (magnetic resonance imaging). Primary Outcome Measure: Fasting UACR was determined. Results: The 3 groups did not differ with respect to age, sex, or Tanner stage. The NW group had significantly lower percent body fat, higher IS (10.4 ± 0.9, 3.5 ± 0.6, and 2.1 ± 0.2 mg/kg/min per μ U/mL; P <.001), and higher RHI (1.84 ± 0.1, 1.56 ± 0.1, and 1.56 ± 0.1, P=.04) than the OW-NGT and OW-PreD groups, respectively. lnUACR was related to percent body fat (r = 0.4, P = .001), RHI (r = -0.33, p =.01), and IS (r =-0.27, P =.043). In multiple regression analysis with lnUACR as the dependent variable and RHI, percent body fat, age, sex, race, systolic blood pressure, cholesterol, glycated hemoglobin, and IS as independent variables, RHI (β -0.3, P = .045) and sex (β 0.31, P = .06) contributed to the variance in UACR (R2 = 0.35, P = .02). Conclusions: UACR is an early marker of endothelial dysfunction in youth, independent of glycemia. Endothelial dysfunction may mediate the link between obesity-related insulin resistance and early microalbuminuria. ER  - 
Strong effect of pubertal status on metabolic health in obese children: A longitudinal study; Context: The concept of metabolic healthy obese(MHO)status hasbeenproposed also for children. However, it is unclear whether this is a stable status in childhood. Objective: The aim was to analyze the changes of MHO status over time. Design and Setting: This is 1-year longitudinal analysis of our obesity cohort. Participants: All obese children of our outpatient obesity clinic with 1-year follow-up were included. Interventions: Standard care intervention was used. Main outcome measures: We examined body mass index (BMI), waist circumference, pubertal stage, blood pressure, fasting lipids, glucose, and insulin resistance index homeostasis model assessment (HOMA). MHO status was defined by absence of cardiovascular risk factors. Results: A total of 2017 obese children (mean age, 11.6 ± 2.8 y; 45% male; BMI, 28.5 ± 5.3 kg/m2; BMI-z score, 2.4 ± 0.5) were enrolled onto the study, and 49.3% of the children were MHO at baseline. After 1 year, the majority of the MHO remained MHO (68.0%). MHO children were significantly younger, more frequently prepubertal, and less overweight compared with metabolic unhealthy obese (MUO) children (all P < .05). In the longitudinal analyses, entering into puberty (OR, 1.9; 95% confidence interval, 1.3-2.8]; P = .004) doubled the risk for switching from MHO to MUO, whereas changing from mid to late puberty nearly tripled the likelihood for switching from MUO to MHO (OR 3.1 [2.1- 4.5], P < .001) in multiple logistic regression analyses adjusted for age, sex, and changes of body mass index standard deviation score (BMI-SDS). Conclusions: MHO is a stable status in childhood obesity as long as pubertal status remains stable. Due to the strong association between puberty and MUO status, the concept of MHO is questionable, at least in pubertal children. ER  - 
Treated and untreated women with idiopathic precocious puberty: BMI evolution, metabolic outcome, and general health between third and fifth decades; Context: Central precocious puberty (CPP) may have clinical implications in adulthood. Objective: To assess the prevalence of obesity, metabolic outcome (hyperlipidemia, diabetes, and hypertension), and malignancy rate of former CPP women between the third and fifth decades of life. Design: This was a case control study of a historical cohort using the computerized database of a health management organization. Setting: The setting was the Institute for Endocrinology and Diabetes, Schneider Children's Medical Center of Israel, and Clalit Health Services. Participants: The study group comprised of 142 CPP women aged 27-50 years [100 GnRH analog (GnRHa) treated; 42 untreated]. The control group comprised of 413 women randomly matched for age, year of birth, and community clinic (283 for the GnRHa treated; 130 for the untreated). Methods: Extracted from the database were demographic data, medical history, medications dispensed, recorded anthropometric measurements, vital signs, and laboratory data. Results: At young adulthood, body mass index (percentile and distribution) of treated and untreated former CPP women was comparable to that of their respective controls. Elevated body mass index at presentation was a risk factor for obesity in adulthood in the GnRHa-treated group (r = 0.257; P = .01). The prevalence of metabolic comorbidities (16 vs 13.4%; 21.4 vs 24.6%) and malignancy rate (1.0 vs 1.5%; 4.8 vs 1.5%) were similar in the former CPP women and their controls, with no significant difference between CPP groups. Conclusion: CPP (treated or untreated) is not associated with increased risk of obesity, metabolic derangements, or cancer morbidities in young adulthood. The finding that the health status of former CPP women is similar to that of the general population is reassuring. ER  - 
Neuroendocrine morbidity after pediatric optic gliomas: A longitudinal analysis of 166 children over 30 years; Context: Fifty percent of pediatric low-grade gliomas affect the optic pathway, hypothalamus, and suprasellar areas (OP/HSGs), resulting in significant long-term neuroendocrinopathy. Objective: This study aimed to dissect tumor- from treatment-related risk factors for OP/HSG-associated neuroendocrinopathy. Design: This was a retrospective case notes analysis of 166 children with newly diagnosed OP/HSGs at our quaternary center between 1980 and 2010 by multivariate Cox, linear, and logistic regression. Results: Patients were of median (range) age 4.9 (0.2-15.4) years at diagnosis and followed up for 8.3 (0.04-26.8) years. Despite high 20-year overall survival (81.0%), progression-free and endocrine event-free survival (EEFS) were 47.2 and 20.8%, respectively. EEFS declined up to 15 years post-diagnosis, with hypothalamic involvement (P <.001) being implicated more than radiotherapy (P =.008) in earlier endocrinopathy; the reverse being true of its density (radiotherapy P <.001; hypothalamic involvement P =.006). GH deficiency (GHD) was most common (40.3%), followed by central precocious puberty (CPP, 26.0%), gonadotropin (GnD; 20.4%), TSH (13.3%), and ACTH (13.3%) deficiencies. GHD increased with later treatment eras (P <.01), but replacement did not increase progression. CPP was associated with future GnD (P <.05). Posterior pituitary dysfunction (PPD; 7.2%) occurred in 57.9% after only biopsies or shunt procedures, and was associated with 6/13 deaths; 50.2% became obese. Tumor extent, surgery, and increased endocrinopathy, rather than radiotherapy, predicted visuocognitive morbidity. Conclusions: This first longitudinal OP/HSG-specific study demonstrates that hypothalamo-pituitary dysfunction evolves hierarchically over decades. Tumor location predicts its speed of onset and radiotherapy its density. GnD can evolve from previous CPP, whereas life-threatening PPD can occur after any surgery. Our data suggest that recent radiation-avoiding chemotherapeutic strategies have increased GHD without improving survival. ER  - 
Zinc supplementation increases procollagen type 1 amino-terminal propeptide in premenarcheal girls: A randomized controlled trial; Background: Data have shown that healthy children and adolescents have an inadequate intake of zinc, an essential nutrient for growth. It is unclear whether zinc supplementation can enhance bone health during this rapid period of growth and development. Objective: The primary aim of this study was to determine the effect of zinc supplementation on biochemical markers of bone turnover and growth in girls entering the early stages of puberty. The secondary aim was to test moderation by race, body mass index (BMI) classification, and plasma zinc status at baseline. Methods: One hundred forty seven girls aged 9-11 y (46% black) were randomly assigned to a daily oral zinc tablet (9 mg elemental zinc; n = 75) or an identical placebo (n = 72) for 4 wk. Fasting plasma zinc, procollagen type 1 amino-terminal propeptide (P1NP; a bone formation marker), carboxy-terminal telopeptide region of type 1 collagen (ICTP; a bone resorption marker), and insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) were assessed at baseline and post-test. Additional markers of bone formation (osteocalcin) and resorption (urinary pyridinoline and deoxypyridinoline) were also measured. Results: Four weeks of zinc supplementation increased plasma zinc concentrations compared with placebo [mean change, 1.8 μmol/L (95% CI: 1.0, 2.6) compared with 0.2 μmol/L (95% CI: 20.3, 0.7); P < 0.01]. Zinc supplementation also increased serum P1NP concentrations compared with placebo [mean change, 23.8 μmol/L (95% CI: 214.9, 62.5) compared with 231.0 μmol/L (95% CI: 266.4, 4.2); P = 0.04). There was no effect from zinc supplementation on osteocalcin, ICTP, pyridinoline, deoxypyridinoline, or IGF-I. There was no moderation by race, BMI classification, or plasma zinc status at baseline. Conclusions: Our data suggest that 4 wk of zinc supplementation increases bone formation in premenarcheal girls. Further studies are needed to determine whether supplemental zinc can improve childhood bone strength. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01892098. ER  - 
Birth weight is associated with the IGF-1 response to GH in children: Programming of the anabolic action of GH?; Context: Intrauterine programming of the somatotropic axis has been hypothesized in cases of intrauterine growth retardation. Objective: The objective of the study was to study the effects of birth weight and body composition on GH sensitivity. Design: This was a cross-sectional study with a single GH administration to assess GH sensitivity. Setting: The study was conducted at the Department of Pediatric Endocrinology of an academic medical center. Patients: One hundred normal short children aged from 4 to 17 years old (44 girls, 56 boys) separated into four groups: early childhood (aged 4-8 y, n=14), late childhood (aged9-12 y, pubertal stage 1,n= 30), early puberty (aged 10-15 y, stage 2, n=32), and midpuberty (aged 12-17 y, stages 3 and 4, n=24). Intervention and Main Outcome Measure: Serum IGF-1 at baseline and 24 hours after a single administration of GH (2 mg/m2) were measured. Results: δIGF-1 significantly increased across the groups (P <.0001) with no gender difference, whereas the percentage of change in IGF-1 was similar (47% ± 32%). Independent predictors of δIGF-1 were birth weight SD score, fat percentage, fasting insulin (all positive predictors), and free fatty acids (negative predictor), with age, puberty, and baseline IGF-1 as adjusting variables (multiple R = 0.73, P <.0001). Independent predictors of the percentage of change in IGF-1 were birth weight SD score, fat percentage, and baseline IGF-1 (multiple R = 0.43, P <.001). Conclusion: This study suggests that in cases of low birth weight, intrauterine programming of GH sensitivity may be an adaptation to an expected poor postnatal nutritional environment, serving to restrict the anabolic action of GH. Conversely, postnatal excess energy stores may promote the anabolic action of GH. ER  - 
Insulin sensitivity indices: Fasting versus glucose-stimulated ýndices in pediatric non-alcoholic fatty liver disease; OBJECTIVE: We aimed to compare insulin sensitivity indices, fasting vs glucose stimulated, in children and adolescents with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Two hundredeleven obese children with median age of 11.24 ± 2.65 years were evaluated. After initial clinical and anthropometric examination, B-mode ultrasonography (USG) was performed and all subjects underwent Oral Glucose Tolerance Test (OGTT). Quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI), homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance (Homa-IR), the insulinogenic index (IGI), the Matsuda index, and the oral glucose insulin sensitivity (OGIS) model were used to determine peripheral insulin sensitivity. RESULTS: 59.24% (68 boys, 57 girls) of obese children had NALFD. The prevalence of FLD in obese adolescents was significantly higher than in prepubertal children (65.8% vs. 51.5%). Fasting glucose, insulin, Homa-IR, QUICKI, and OGIS and Matsuda were significantly different between subjects with and without NALFD. Insulin and glucose indices were not found to be significantly different in the prepubertal group, whereas Homa-IR, QUICKI, Matsuda, and OGIS were significantly different in the pubertal group. Age, waist circumference, and OUICKI were found to be risk factors associated with the presence of NALFD in the logistic-regression analysis. CONCLUSIONS: Age, waist circumference, and OUICKI were found to be risk factors associated with NALFD. As the value of QUICKI decreases, the probability of having steatosis increases. Although OGTT results gave the information about the glucose tolerance of a subject, indices derived from OGTT were not found to be superior to the traditional surrogates such as Homa-IR or QUICKI. ER  - 
High frequency of normal response during gh stimulation tests in patients with ectopic posterior pituitary gland: A source of false-negative diagnosis of pituitary insufficiency; Aims: To report false-negative normal growth hormone (GH) peak response in patients with ectopic posterior pituitary gland (EPP) identified with a simplified magnetic resonance imaging (FAST1-MRI). Methods: We analyzed 75 EPP patients with short stature and reduced growth velocity. Sagittal-T1 imaging (thickness: 2 mm and gap: 0.2 mm) without gadolinium administration was used. A GH peak of ≥5 ng/ml after clonidine or insulin stimulation was considered normal. Results: Normal GH response was observed in 15 of 75 (20%) patients [mean (SDS) peak = 8.2 (4.1) ng/ml]. Age at diagnosis [6.5 (3.0) years vs. 7.8 (4.1) years], gender (10 males/5 females vs. 44 males/16 females), pubertal stage (14 prepubertal/1 pubertal vs. 51 prepubertal/7 pubertal), and target height [-0.4 (0.6) vs. -0.4 (0.9)] were recorded. The perinatal history did not differ between responsive and nonresponsive patients. There was a trend to more frequent multiple hormone deficiency in nonresponsive when compared with responsive patients [3/15 (20%) and 31/60 (51.7%), respectively (p = 0.055)]. Height at diagnosis was lower in nonresponsive patients (p = 0.042). No significant difference in the IGF1 levels (p = 0.598) was observed between the groups. Conclusion: Normal GH values after stimulation tests do not exclude EPP-associated GH deficiency. A simplified fast acquisition sagittal-T1 MRI protocol investigation included at the initial diagnostic approach is able to prevent misdiagnosis of GH deficiency in patients with short stature. ER  - 
Child growth trajectories to adult disease: Lessons from UK birth cohort studies; The developmental origins of health and disease theory purports that early life factors determine long-term risks of death and disease. Historical studies, prospective birth cohorts such the UK ALSPAC birth cohort [1], and more recently genetic studies [2] indicate that the rapid weight gain trajectory to later obesity starts in the first months of life, even from birth. Rapid infant weight gain and childhood overweight lead to earlier pubertal maturation in boys and girls, and in turn these adolescent traits are predictive for obesity, diabetes, hypertension and cardiovascular disease events in later life. Understanding of the nutritional, parental and wider determinants of rapid infant weight gain are informing the development of obesity prevention strategies starting in early life [3]. In contrast to the above 'rapid growth tempo' trajectory to later disease, poor childhood growth is also a risk factor for later health and survival. This 'early childhood stunting' trajectory is seen in older UK birth cohorts, such as the 1946 British Birth Cohort Study [4], and is likely relevant to current children in lower and middle-income countries. The relative importance of these distinct childhood trajectories for later health likely depends on the prevailing nutritional environment. However, in those populations that are undergoing rapid nutritional transition from underto over-nutrition, the adverse combination of early childhood stunting followed by transition to overweight and obesity will be particularly detrimental to later health. ER  - 
Graves' disease in children less than 8 years of age: Review of clinical features and treatment outcome; Background: Graves' disease is the most common cause of thyrotoxicosis in children. Prepubertal children are the most difficult to treat with remission attained in less than 15% [1,2]. Objective: To characterise clinical features and review treatment outcome among children with very early onset Graves'. Methodology: Retrospective medical record review of patients diagnosed with Graves' disease at age less than 8 years, who received treatment in our department in the last 14 years. Results: Sixteen patients (2 males) were identified with median age at diagnosis of 4.96 years (range 2.5-7.83). Presenting symptoms were hyperactivity, weight loss, poor sleep and diarrhoea. They had predominant non-Anglo-Saxon ethnicity. Significant co-morbidities were- Down syndrome [1], juvenile idiopathic arthritis [1], situs inversus with extrahepatic biliary atresia ie EHBA [1].Two had family history of Graves' disease. All had goitre, increased serum Free T4 (median 53.65 pmol/l, range 35-94), increased serum Free T3 (median 33.5 pmol/l, range 19.3- 46) and suppressed TSH levels. All were positive for TSII (thyroid stimulating immunoglobulin) or TRAb (thyrotropin receptor antibody). Anti thyroid peroxidise was positive in 83.3% (10/12) and anti thyroglobulin in 80% (8/10). Anti-thyroid drugs (ATD) alone were used in 9 patients, 4 received one dose each of radio-active iodine ablation (10- 15 mCi) and 3 underwent thyroidectomy. Our cohort tolerated the ATD's well- Only 1 had significant liver enzyme elevation (underlying EHBA) after Neomercazole, minor side-effects were: skin rash (3) and arthralgia [1]. Data from patients with more than 30 months follow-up was used to assess outcome. Twelve children with median follow up of 66 months (range: 34-161) and median age of 10.13 years (range: 7.17-16) at last clinic visit qualified. Remission was attained in 58.3% (7/12) - 3 were post thyroidectomy, 1 post radio-active iodine ablation and 3 received only ATD's. Growth monitoring showed decline in median weight sds from 0.41 at diagnosis to 0.29 at follow up and height sds from 1.35 to 0.69. Of the sixteen patients 2 girls were followed through their puberty till 16 years of age and both are in remission (1 underwent thyroidectomy and other received Neomercazole). Conclusion: Our cohort had 16 patients diagnosed with Graves' at a median age of 4.96 years. Overall remission for those with more than 30 months follow-up is 58.3% (7/12), at a median age of 10.13 years. Thyroidectomy had a remission rate of 100%, ATD's alone of 33.3% and one dose of radioactive iodine ablation of 25%. ER  - 
Novel heterozygous deletion in the HNF1β gene - Adolescent with antibody negative diabetes, longstanding hyperglycaemia without ketosis, cataracts, small echogenic kidneys with a cortical cyst, pancreatic atrophy, exocrine pancreatic insufficiency and a uterine anomaly; A 13 year old pubertal Caucasian female presented with longstanding polyuria/polydipsia and weight loss of 12kg over 4 months (BMI decreased from 23 to 17.5kg/m2 despite a 5cm height gain). There was no personal / family autoimmunity history. A paternal grandparent was thought to have type 2 diabetes. She was haemodynamically stable and mildly dehydrated without clinical signs of insulin resistance. She had bilateral stellate posterior subcapsular cataracts. Plasma glucose was 57mmol/L with normal blood ketones and venous pH. HbA1c was 18.2% (175mmol/mol). Mildly elevated urea and creatinine corrected after rehydration. Liver function tests, serum magnesium and urate were normal. Islet autoantibodies were negative. Renal ultrasound (US) identified bilaterally small kidneys (<5th centile), with echogenic parenchyma, reduced corticomedullary differentiation, normal cortical thickness and a 5mm left cortical cyst. Urinary albumin/ creatinine and calcium/creatinine were normal. Further imaging (US and MRI) demonstrated severe pancreatic atrophy and a müllerian duct anomaly (arcuate / subseptate uterus). Faecal elastase 1 in a soft stool sample was low (range of severe exocrine pancreatic insufficiency). However the patient has gained weight with insulin treatment and had normal measures of fat-soluble vitamins. Aim: Conduct genetic testing for the autosomal dominant Renal Cysts and Diabetes Syndrome (RCAD), also known as MODY5, caused by heterozygous mutations of the hepatocyte nuclear factor-1 beta (HNF1B) gene (chromosome 17q12). Methods: Direct testing for HNF1B gene sequence variations was performed by Multiplex Ligation-dependent Probe Amplification (MLPA) and bidirectional DNA sequencing. Results: A heterozygous c390-395del (p.Gln130-Gln131del) was detected. This novel deletion results in the in-frame loss of two glutamine residues in exon 2 of the HNF1B protein. These residues are highly conserved and located in the HNF1 N-terminal domain that contains a dimerization sequence and an acidic region that may be involved in transcription activation. Parental testing has determined that this variant is likely de novo. Conclusion: This de novo variant has not been previously described, hence its pathogenicity is unknown. However the phenotype is consistent with RCAD (MODY5). ER  - 
Controversies of the assesment and management of polycystic ovary syndrome in adolescents; The diagnosis of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) in adolescents is difficult as the pathological criteria used in adults like menstrual irregularities, acne, hirsutism and polycystic ovarian morphology could be normal physiological findings during puberty; in addition the syndrome is heterogeneous and there is limited high quality evidence. [1-3] Three international conferences have been held reporting different criteria for diagnosis of PCOS in women [Table 1]. [4-6] The 2011 Australian PCOS evidence-based guideline [1], the 2012 international evidence-based workshop [2] and the 2013 Endocrine Society Clinical Practice Guideline [3] highlight the issues of applying adult criteria to diagnose PCOS in adolescents. [TABLE PRESENTED] All criteria require exclusion of other conditions: non-classic congenital adrenal hyperplasia, hypothyroidism, Cushing syndrome, hyperprolactinemia or androgen producing tumours which can cause a PCOS-like picture. Although diagnosis of PCOS is based on its reproductive manifestations, it is a metabolic disorder. PCOS adolescents are at a high risk of having or developing glucose tolerance abnormalities, dyslipidemia and hypertension. Insulin resistance and the consequent development of hyperinsulinaemia seem to be the central pathophysiological mechanism that links PCOS to its associated metabolic derangements; this can occur independent of weight status. Obesity, which is commonly associated with PCOS, exaggerates insulin abnormalities. Adolescents with PCOS should have evaluation of glucose homeostasis and insulin resistance at diagnosis. PCOS management should include a multidisciplinary team and should be individualized depending on the predominant complaint and weight status. Lifestyle modifications should be the first line treatment in the presence of overweight, obesity and/or insulin resistance. Metformin can also be added. Cyclical progesterone withdrawn bleed or cyclical oral contraceptive pills are used for menstrual irregularities. Antiandrogens like spironolactone and oral contraceptive pills are used for hirsutism. Permanent treatment with laser or electrolysis is usually advised after a course of antiandrogens. Various aspects of adolescent PCOS will be discussed based on illustrative cases. ER  - 
Reproductive health knowledge, attitudes and beliefs in young women with type 1 diabetes mellitus aged 15 - 25 years attending a tertiary centre multidisciplinary transition clinic: A descriptive study; To assess issues related to the existing reproductive health knowledge, attitudes and beliefs in 15 - 25 year old young women with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM), we administered a questionnaire as sexually active adolescents with T1DM are at high risk of unplanned pregnancies and reproductive complications. Glycaemic control during adolescence is recognised as being poorer than during any other life stage. Periconceptional poor glycaemic control is associated with increased incidence of congenital malformations. This is a descriptive study in females aged 15 - 25 years attending our Young Adult Diabetes Service (YADS) clinic, a transition clinic at Monash Medical Centre, a conception to end of life tertiary health facility. Our study was undertaken between June 2011 and June 2013, when there were 173 eligible young women on our YADS clinic database. Data was collected on a cross-sectional basis from a web-based questionnaire on a sample of 100 female adolescents who provided consent to participate (58% of those eligible), using a modified reproductive health attitudes and behaviour (RHAB) questionnaire [1]. Almost half (48%) of respondents were sexually active, with a mean age of sexual debut of 16.9±1.8years (range 13 - 21yrs). Mean HbA1c was 8.9±1.6%. HbA1C in non participants was significantly higher (9.2±1.8%), although responders and non-responders were comparable on age and SES. Responses to questions related to their personal concerns about their future health risks, revealed that respondents perceived their risk and level of concern of unplanned pregnancies (18.7%) and STDs (8.7%), to be much lower than those of weight gain (59.3%) and blindness (57.1%). Despite high perceived benefits of prepregnancy counselling (PC) (78%), low PC delivery rates were reported by study participants (15%), although review of clinic check lists revealed documentation that 34% of study participants had received PC. Diabetic Nurse Educators (DNEs) were perceived to be the most useful source of health information (81% of respondents). We support recommendations of the National Health and Medical Research (NHMRC - 2011) that young adolescents need developmentally appropriate information from commencement of puberty, with a sensitive, proactive, preventative approach before these young women become sexually active, to enable them to make informed choices regarding reproductive health. However, engaging adolescent girls with T1DM to provide effective provision of such information remains challenging, even in an age appropriate specialised clinic setting. ER  - 
Body composition in Indian children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes; Studies suggest that children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes (T1DM) have suboptimal body composition with higher fat mass and lower bone mass. Aim of our study was to compare body composition of Indian children with type 1 diabetes with age gender matched healthy controls. In a cross-sectional study, body composition parameters were measured by DXA (Lunar DPX PRO, Total Body Densitometer) in 160 (74 boys) children with T1DM (attending type 1 diabetes clinic) and age gender matched healthy controls. Z scores for bone mineral content (TBBMC) for age, bone area for age (TBBA), TBBMC for TBBA, TBBA for height, lean body mass (LBM) for height, TBBMC for LBM [1] and fat and lean mass [2] were computed using Indian reference data. Anthropometry and tanner staging (TS) was assessed for all children. The height (HAZ), weight (WAZ) and BMI (BAZ) were converted to Z scores using contemporary Indian references [3]. Mean ages of boys and girls were 11.4±3.3y and 10.9±3.4y respectively. For both genders HAZ (boys -0.5 vs 0.3, girls -0.5 vs 0.1) and WAZ (boys -0.6 vs 0.0 and girls -0.5 vs -0.1) were significantly lower in diabetics, though BAZ scores were comparable. Similarly, mean Z scores were significantly lower for fat mass (boys -0.1 vs 0.2, girls -0.1 vs 0.1) and higher for lean mass (boys -0.4 vs -1.1, girls -0.3 vs -0.6) in diabetics for both genders. Diabetic boys and girls had lower android fat percent (boys 20 vs 25, girls 28 vs 32, P<0.05) when compared with controls. Mean Z scores for bone parameters showed TBBA for age (boys -0.1 vs 0.5, girls -0.1 vs 0.3), TBBMC for age (boys -0.1 vs 0.6, girls -0.1 vs 0.3) and TBBMC for LBM (boys -0.4 vs 0.0, girls -0.5 vs -0.2) were significantly lower in diabetics while all other bone parameters were comparable. Indian children with type 1 diabetes had lower fat mass (including android fat) and higher muscle mass than controls; however, diabetics need special attention to optimize their bone health. ER  - 
Insulin resistance and adverse lipid profile in obese pre-pubertal South Indian children; High prevalence of obesity, type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and the metabolic syndrome (MS) are evident among children and adults in India. [1,2] Strong evidence exists for the higher risk for insulin resistance (IR) syndrome in South Asians compared to other ethnicities, thereby demonstrating the higher risk for MS in this population. [3] MS is a risk factor for cardiovascular disease (CVD) and T2DM. [4,5] Adverse metabolic features such as dyslipidaemia are seen even in childhood and persist into adulthood with important long term implications. [6,7] Lipid profile data from pre-pubertal obese children from India is sparse and hence this has been addressed for the first time in this study, along with the relationship between lipid profile and IR in south Indian children. Heights and weights of healthy pre-pubertal children aged 4-10 years of age were measured and body mass index (BMI) was calculated. Subjects were classified as overweight (BMI ≥85% to <95%) and obese (BMI ≥ 95%) for age and sex. Complete lipid profile as well as plasma glucose and insulin were measured in fasting venous blood samples. LDL/HDL (low and high density lipoprotein cholesterol), TC (total cholesterol)/HDL and IR by HOMA-IR (Homeostatic model assessment) were analysed. Tests used for analysing differences between groups included: unpaired ttest for quantitative variables; comparison between groups by the nonparametric Mann-Whitney test; ANOVA for quantitative variables; Pearson coefficient of correlation for relationship between the variables and the chi square test for differences in categorical variables between groups. “P” value of <0.05 using a two-tailed test was considered significant. Data were analysed with the statistical software SPSS version 16.0. Among the 100 participants, 98 were obese and two were overweight (M: F 51:49). Insulin resistance was observed to be higher with increased weight and BMI. A significant positive correlation was present between HOMA-IR and BMI (r = 0.291), triglycerides (r = 0.214) and TC/HDL (r = 0.229). A negative trend in correlation was found with HDL (r = -0.023). Obese south Indian children were found to have IR and dyslipidaemia during their pre-pubertal years. Long term studies on this population and intervention measures are necessary to analyse and reduce the risk for the MS and CVD in later years. ER  - 
Pseudohypoparathyroidism: Phenotypic spectrum in kindred; Pseudohypoparathyroidism (PHP) encompasses a heterogeneous group of disorders due to an inactivating mutation in the GNAS gene which encodes the α subunit of Gs proteins (Gsα). Gsa plays a crucial role in intracellular signal transduction of peptides, hormones and neurotransmitter receptors in multiple tissues. Key features of PHP include Albright Hereditary Osteodystrophy (AHO) and biochemical evidence of multiple hormone resistances. There are several conflicting mechanisms for its heterogeneity; a possible explanation is a tissuespecific differential imprinting of Gsα protein. PHP type1a has AHO with multiple hormone resistance and is inherited as maternal imprinting defect. PHP type 1b presents with hormone resistance but no AHO features and is probably due to epigenetic methylation defects. Peudopseudohypoparathyroidism is another subtype with AHO but absence of hormone resistance and is inherited as paternal inactivating mutation. We describe a family with female members having PHP with variable clinical and biochemical features. Two female siblings from non-consanguineous parents, patient A (15 year) and patient B (13 year) presented at birth with raised TSH levels and were diagnosed to have congenital hypothyroidism and treated with thyroxine replacement. Patient A was noted to have infantile obesity with short stature and evolving phenotypic features consistent with AHO. Further history revealed that her sister patient B has similar phenotypic appearance and was confirmed on clinical exam. Biochemical evaluation for Patient A showed a borderline low calcium and normal phosphate level with elevated PTH while Patient B had normal calcium and phosphate levels with high PTH. Both patients entered puberty at 11 years and patient A progressed to breast tanner 4 but has no menarche at 15 years despite pubertal gonadotropin levels (Table 1), advanced bone age (18 years) and mature uterus. Patient B is currently 12.5 years old and has progressed to tanner 3 breasts with no menarche. Mother exhibits features of AHO without hormone resistance. The father and younger brother do not have any features of AHO. The two patients with PHP described above had an interesting presentation as congenital hypothyroidism with features of AHO evolving later in life. They exhibit clinical evidence of maternal transmission with end-organ resistance. This family illustrates heterogeneity of presentation of GNAS mutation. ER  - 
The relationship of serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D with glucose homeostasis in obese children and adolescents in Zhejiang, China; Aims: Evidence of the association between vitamin D, insulin resistance and oral disposition index (oDI) in obese children and adolescents is limited. We investigated serum 25(OH) D levels in obese children and adolescents in Zhejiang, China, and determined the relationship between serum 25(OH) D and glucose metabolism. Method: A cross-sectional design was used. All together 348 obese and 445 non-obese children and adolescents (aged from 6-16 years old) were enrolled in this study. Obese children were divided into four subgroups: normal glucose tolerance (NGT), isolated impaired fasting glucose (IFG), isolated impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), combined IFG and ITG (IFG +ITG) according to the oral glucose tolerance test. We measured serum 25(OH) D levels and calculated the homeostasis model of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), the whole body insulin sensitivity index (WBISI), the product of β-cell function and insulin sensitivity by the disposition index (DI). Results: The levels of 25(OH)D in obese group were significantly lower than those of non-obese group; serum 25(OH)D level in obese with NGT group was higher than that of the other three subgroups, and it was significantly inversed with LogHOMA-IR (r=-0.114, p=0.035), positively correlated with LogWBISI, LogHOMA0DI after control for age, sex, season, puberty stage (r=0.111, p=0.040; r=0.122, p=0.024). Obese patients with vitamin D deficiency have a significantly higher risk of disturbing the glucose metabolism, such as IFG, ITG, IFG plus ITG, either IFG or ITG, for its OR 3.198(95%CI 1.467-6.97), 5.443(95%CI 1.863-15.897), 5.560(95%CI 1.212-25.502), 4.007(95%CI 2.017-7.962). Conclusion: 25(OH) D deficiencies or insufficiency are common in obese children and adolescents in Zhejiang, China. Obese patients with 25(OH) D deficiency (<30nmol /L) are at higher risk for abnormal glucose metabolism. ER  - 
Prospective relevance of aspects of carbohydrate quality in the diet of adolescents for the intima-media thickness of the common carotid artery in younger adulthood; Epidemiological studies link carbohydrate quality to cardiovascular diseases (CVD). In particular, increased consumption of dietary fibre and whole-grain are discussed as protective, whereas a higher dietary glycaemic index (GI) and glycaemic load (GL) may increase CVD risk(1). This study determined whether these aspects of carbohydrate quality during puberty, a period characterised by physiological insulin resistance, are already related to carotid intima-media thickness (IMT) in younger adulthood, a surrogate marker of early atherosclerosis predictive for future cardiovascular events(2). The analysis was based on data of 194 participants (111 girls and 83 boys) from the DONALD Study with at least two 3-day weighed dietary records (range 2-6) during puberty (girls, 9-14 years, boys, 10-15 years) and one sonographic measurement of the IMT in younger adulthood (18-39 years; IMT averaged from 16 measurements on 4 images). Multivariable linear regression models were used to analyse the associations between carbohydrate quality and IMT. Sex, age (adult), smokers in the household, maternal overweight, maternal education and breastfeeding were considered as potential confounders. Tests for interaction indicated that associations of pubertal GI, fibre intake and fibre intake from fruits with adult IMT differed by sex (pinteraction = 0•04, pinteraction = 0•02, pinteraction= 0•01 respectively). Thus, analyses were run both in the total and sex-stratified cohort. In the total cohort, there was no statistically significant association between any of the investigated aspects of carbohydrate quality and IMT after adjustment for potential confounders (pfor trend > 0•05). Sex-specific analyses showed an inverse association between dietary fibre intake from fruits and IMT for men only (pfor trend = 0•002, for women: pfor trend= 0•12). Overall, this study does not support a prospective relevance of GI, GL, fibre and whole-grain intake in puberty for IMT in younger adulthood. It remains to be determined, whether effects evolve at older age, or whether carbohydrate quality in later life is more relevant for CVD risk. ER  - 
Plasma osteocalcin levels are associated with the timing of pubertal progress in boys; Introduction: Osteocalcin (OC) is a skeletal hormone, which is secreted by osteoblasts. OC directly and indirectly stimulates insulin secretion and lipolysis. More recently OC was shown to stimulate testosterone production by Leydig cells in mice. Aim: To investigate OC levels in children with normal and altered pubertal development, plasma OC was measured in 244 children (122 boys) with different underlying endocrine disorders. Methods: Patients were seen by a pediatric endocrinologist at a tertiary center (University Children's Hospital Essen, Germany). The study was approved by the ethics committee of the medical faculty, University of Duisburg-Essen. Statistical Analysis was performed using SAS release 9.4. Results: Mean age was 11.87 + 3.77 years; Breast/testicular volume SDS was 0.14 + 1.11 and -0.56 + 1.57, respectively. Pubic hair (PH) SDS was 0.01 + 1.13 in girls and 0.20+ 0.96 in boys. There was no significant difference between patients with different endocrine disorders. In this cohort, a significant positive correlation for OC with PTH (r=0.72; P=<0,0001; n=62) and with total serum alkaline phosphatase (r=0.56; P=<0.0001; n=128) was found, as well as a negative correlation with serum leptin (r= - 0.24; P=0.0002; n=244). In boys, a positive correlation of OC with the testicular volume SDS (r=0.24; P =0.019; n=92) as a marker for the timing of pubertal progression was observed, but not with testicular volume itself or testosterone levels. No correlation between OC and markers of pubertal development was detectable in girls. There was no difference in OC levels between children with accelerated or delayed bone age. Summary: In this cohort, the known interactions of OC with the skeletal and the metabolic system are reproducible. Additionally, OC levels vary with the timing of pubertal development in boys, but not with other biochemical markers or clinical landmarks throughout pubertal development. Although the influence of pubertal timing must be considered when OC is measured, OC is probably of little value as a parameter for individual diagnostic workup in altered pubertal development. ER  - 
Pancreatic pathology in the mccune-albright syndrome; Background: The McCune Albright syndrome (MAS) exists along a clinical spectrum that includes fibrous dysplasia of bone, café-au-lait macules, and hyperfunctioning endocrinopathies, including precocious puberty, hyperthyroidism, GH excess, FGF23-mediated hypophosphatemia and hypercortisolism. It is due to somatic activating mutations in GNAS. The same GNAS mutations have been found as driver mutations in 66% of intraductal papillary mucinous neoplasms (IPMNs). IPMNs are cystic neoplasms of the pancreas that commonly present in the 7th decade of life, and are thought to be pre-cancerous. Pancreatic ductal lesions, including IPMNs, have been reported in MAS, however the incidence and natural history is not well characterized. Objective: Determine the prevalence and characteristics of pancreatic neoplasms in MAS. Patients and Methods: Thirty patients (aged 7 to 67 years, median 18.5) in the National Institutes of Health cohort of subjects with MAS underwent abdominal MRI and magnetic resonance cholangiopancreatography (MRCP) screening for pancreatic neoplasms. Identified IPMNs were further categorized according to the 2012 International Consensus Guidelines into those with either high risk or worrisome features; including main duct dilatation ≥5 mm, cysts ≥ 3 cm, mural nodule, thickened wall or solid component, jaundice secondary to the cyst or history of acute pancreatitis. Results: Nine patients (30%) had pancreatic abnormalities. Eight of these patients had cystic lesions of the pancreas; one with simple cysts and seven with IPMNs. Five of the seven IPMNs exhibited worrisome or high-risk stigmata. IPMN subtypes included the following: one main pancreatic duct IPMN, three branch duct IPMN and three mixed- IPMN. The median age of patients with pancreatic pathology was 47 (range 17 to 67). Three patients had pancreatic divisum, including 2 of the subjects with IPMNs. None of them had evidence of exocrine dysfunction. Surprisingly, 5 of the 9 subjects with pancreatic pathology (55%) were diagnosed with diabetes. The mean BMI and ages were 29 and 33. The mean BMI and age of onset of type 2 diabetes in the general population are 37 and 45, respectively. <5% of the remaining >170 subjects in the NIH MAS cohort have diabetes Conclusions: Gastrointestinal neoplasms, particularly IPMNs, appear to occur more frequently and at a younger age in patients with MAS compared to the general population. This suggests that pancreatic neoplasms are a clinical feature of MAS. Given the malignant potential of IPMNs in the general population, screening for pancreatic neoplasms in patients with MAS may be warranted. Further determination of the natural history and spectrum of IPMNs in MAS is needed. Finally, the unexpected high rate of diabetes in subjects with MAS and anatomical pathology warrants further investigation. ER  - 
Endothelial function in youth is modulated by adiposity-related insulin resistance and inflammation; Endothelial dysfunction in youth is an early manifestation of subclinical atherosclerosis. There is increased controversy in regards to the effects of obesity related insulin resistance vs. hyperglycemia on endothelial function in youth. We investigated the physical and metabolic determinants of endothelial function determined by peripheral arterial tonometry (PAT) in overweight (OW) adolescents with and without dysglycemia compared with normal weight (NW) peers. 69 adolescents (all pubertal, non-smokers, mean age: 15.5±0.11 years), 13 NW with normal glucose tolerance (NW-NGT), 26 OW-NGT, 18OW with impaired glucose regulation (OW-IGR) and 12 with type 2 diabetes (T2DM) underwent: oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) with calculation of whole body insulin sensitivity index (WBISI); hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp for measurement of insulin stimulated glucose disposal rate (Rd) and insulin sensitivity (IS); PAT with determination of reactive hyperemia index (RHI), body composition by DEXA and abdominal fat (AF) by MRI. T2DM adolescents had a mean HbA1c of 6.3±0.19 %, and were on metformin only therapy discontinued 48 hrs prior to clamp study. Results are mean ± SEM. When evaluated across RHI tertiles (higher is better), the tertile groups did not differ with respect to race, gender, age, pubertal stage or glycemic status. The group in the highest RHI tertile had significantly lower BMI Z-score (p=0.001), fat mass (p=0.001), %body fat (%BF) (37.3±1.3, 33.3±1.6, 28.2±2.3%, p=0.002), AF (481.9±36.3, 418.6±38.5, 298.8±41.6, p=0.004) and higher IS (2.9±0.5, 3.4±0.6, 6.1±1.1 mg/kg/min per μu/ml, p=0.013). RHI was inversely related to BMI, fat mass (r=-0.37, p=0.002), % BF (r=-0.34, p=0.003) and AF (r=-0.4, p=0.006) and positively related to WBISI (r=0.3, p=0.03), Rd (r= 0.32, p=0.011) and IS (r= 0.25, p=0.06). RHI was inversely related to leptin (r=-0.36, p=0.003) and plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (r=-0.3, p=0.05) levels with no significant correlation between RHI and HbA1c, lipids or BP. In a multiple regression analysis, % body fat independent of age, gender, race, IS or HbA1c was the significant contributor to the variance in RHI (R2=0.2, p=0.02) Our findings demonstrate that adiposity-related insulin resistance and inflammation are associated with endothelial dysfunction, independent of traditional cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk markers and of dysglycemia. This supports the need for early intervention in obese children to prevent CVD. ER  - 
Adipogenesis, mtor and ampk pathways link the growth and metabolic actions of growth hormone action in children with GH deficiency (GHD); Background: The growth promoting effects of growth hormone (GH) are linked with insulin sensitivity and lipid metabolism; the underlying biological networks are unclear. Objectives: To identify gene clusters and pathways linking growth and metabolic response in children with growth hormone deficiency (GHD) treated with recombinant human growth hormone (r-hGH). Methods: Pre-pubertal children with GHD (n=125) were enrolled from the PREDICT short-term (NCT00256126) and long-term follow-up prospective study (NCT00699855). Whole blood gene expression (GE) was determined prior to treatment with r-hGH. One year height velocity (HV) and 1 month change (Δ) in IGF-I on r-hGH were used as clinical markers of growth response; Δ of serum fasting glucose, insulin, triglycerides, LDL and HDL levels were used as clinical markers of metabolic function; the relationships between these variables were identified by partial correlation. Associations were made with basal GE using rank regression (p<0.05). The GE overlap (p<0.05) between clinical markers was used to construct network models and identify gene clusters. Clusters were ranked using their network centrality score (Moduland algorithm) to define associated biological functions (hypergeometric test with Benjamini-Hochberg false discovery rate modification, q<0.05). Causal network analysis (CNA), mapping known literature to the network models, was performed to identify master regulators of GE (Ingenuity Pathway Analysis). Results: Six paired correlations of clinical markers were identified (p<0.05); HV with ΔIGF-I, HV with ΔLDL and ΔIGF-I/HDL/triglycerides/glucose (individually) with Δinsulin. The intersection between the network models defined by these correlations identified five clusters of genes that linked growth and metabolism. These clusters were associated with adipogenesis, cell cycle checkpoint control and AMPK/mTOR signaling pathways (q<0.001) linked to the master regulators RXR, PLK1 and TSC1, respectively (p<0.001). Three genes associated with the network models were found in the overlap of the GE correlated with the markers HV, ΔIGF, ΔLDL and ΔInsulin: SPTBN1, RRBP1 and UGGT2. These genes are putative functional markers of the metabolic response to r-hGH and have been previously associated with adult height, obesity and insulin sensitivity. Conclusions: This study has identified network models, biological pathways and genomic markers linking growth and metabolic response to r-hGH therapy in GHD children. ER  - 
The morbid connection among obesity, aseptic inflammation, pro-oxidation and markers of insulin resistance in pre-and early-pubertal boys before and after an acute bout of treadmill exercise; Oxidative stress and adipocytokines in humans have been associated with obesity and resulting co-morbidities even in childhood. To investigate the association of adipocytokines with markers of pro- and anti- oxidation at baseline and post acute aerobic exercise we studied 76 healthy pre- and early pubertal, normal weight and obese boys. At baseline they underwent a baseline blood sampling followed by an aerobic exercise bout until exhaustion at 70% VO2max and a subsequent (post-exercise) sampling for the measurement of pro-oxidation markers (TBARS, PCs); anti-oxidation markers (GSH, GSSG, GPX, Catalase, TAC), adipocytokines (adiponectin, leptin, NGAL and RBP4) and inflammatory markers (hsCRP and hsIL6). Baseline and post-exercise concentrations of leptin and hsCRP were greater in obese than normal weight pre- and pubertal boys. Baseline and post-exercise concentrations of adiponectin were lower in obese than normal weight pre- and pubertal boys. Baseline and post-exercise concentrations of hsIL-6 were greater in obese than normal weight pre- pubertal boys. RBP4 concentrations significantly increased during exercise in normal weight pubertal boys. In pre- and pubertal normal weight subjects, baseline concentrations of hsCRP correlated positively with NGAL concentrations. In pre-pubertal obese subjects baseline concentrations of hsCRP and hsIL-6 correlated negatively with Catalase and positively with PCs, respectively; ΔNGAL correlated positively with ΔhsCRP. In pre- and pubertal obese subjects, ΔhsIL-6 correlated positively with ΔPCs and negatively with ΔGSSG, respectively. In all subjects taken as a single group, baseline adiponectin and leptin were the best positive predictors for post-exercise concentrations of Catalase and of TBARS respectively. Baseline hsIL-6 was the best positive and negative predictor for post-exercise PCs and GSH/GSSG respectively. In conclusion, in boys obesity in pre- and early puberty is associated with increased pro-oxidation, inflammation and leptin concentrations while normal weight at the same period of life is associated with increased anti-oxidation and adiponectin concentrations. Puberty seems to attenuate the inflammatory response in obese boys while only RBP4, a presumed myokine, increases post-exercise in normal weight pubertal boys. These findings indicate the deleterious association of pro-oxidation, low-grade inflammation and induction of insulin resistance in presence of increased adipose tissue mass in pre- and early- pubertal boys. The possible role of RBP4 as an adipo-myokine emerges. ER  - 
Obesity and predicted height in children: A longitudinal analysis; Background:Pediatric obesity is associated with advancement of skeletal maturation and increase in height during childhood. The accuracy of skeletal age-based adult height predictions among obese children has not been well established. We hypothesized that skeletal age-based height predictions would overestimate final adult height among obese (OB) as compared to non-obese (NO) children. Methods: A sample of NO (BMI percentile <95th %) and OB (BMI percentile ≥95th %) children ages 5.5- 15y were prospectively enrolled for longitudinal investigation. Age- and sex-specific BMI percentiles were calculated according to CDC 2000 standards. Skeletal age was assigned using the Greulich and Pyle atlas and predicted adult height (PH) was calculated according to the Bayley-Pinneau tables. Participants were followed to near-final adult height (FH) as determined by age / skeletal age >14y for girls; >15.5y for boys). Statistics:The primary analysis was ANCOVA, with the difference between PH and FH (PH-FH) as the dependent variable, and age, sex, race, obesity status, and the sex ∗ obesity status interaction as independent variables. Results:A total of 191 patients (mean age 9.3±1.8 y; 52.9% female and 47.1% male; 60.2% white, 37.7% black, 2.1% Asian) were enrolled and followed to FH. At baseline, the mean bone age was 9.9±1.9y; 50% were prepubertal and 34% were obese. There were no statistically significant differences between the NO and OB groups in sex, race, or mid-parental target height. At baseline, the OB children were younger than NO (8.7±1.4 vs. 9.5±1.8y, p=0.002) but the bone age relative to chronological age was significantly greater among the OB group (+1.5±1.1 vs. +0.3±0.9y, p<0.0001) and height SD score was significantly greater in the OB group (+1.45±0.97 vs. +0.29±0.99, p<0.0001). Final adult height was documented at mean age 19.9 ±3.2y. In ANCOVA, PH-FH was significantly predicted by sex, age, and the interaction between sex and obesity status. Among obese girls FH was significantly underestimated by PH (-2.3±1.1, CI -4.5 to -0.08cm, p=0.035); however, among obese boys, FH appeared to be overestimated by PH (+2.4±1.2, CI -0.01 to +4.7cm). Among non-obese children, there were no significant differences found between FH and PH. Discussion: In a large pediatric cohort enriched for obesity, followed prospectively to adult height, obese children were initially taller and had advanced skeletal age, consistent with adipose tissue aromatase action increasing circulating estrogens. Surprisingly in obese girls, despite their tendency to have earlier onset of puberty, FH was underestimated, while in obese boys, who generally show a delayed entry into gonadarche, FH showed a trend towards being overestimated by the Bayley-Pinneau method. These data suggest the Bayley Pinneau tables for predicting adult height using skeletal age may need to be revised to take into account obesity. ER  - 
Diabetes & primary amenorrhea; INTRODUCTION Mayer-Rokitansky-Küster-Hauser (MRKH) syndrome combines features ranging from congenital absence of the vagina, to a rudimentary bicornuate uterus that may not open into the vaginal canal, to a virtually normal uterus. The incidence of the syndrome is one in 4,500 female newborns. MRKH syndrome patients have a correctly timed pubarche and thelarche with a normal female karyotype (46, XX). We describe a case of 19 years old Saudi woman with Type 1 diabetes for 6 years and primary hypothyroidism, having presented to the Endocrinology Clinic in July 2013 with primary amenorrhoea, associated with cyclical abdominal pain for 4 years. Her secondary sexual characteristics had appeared at the age of 14 years. There was no history of galactorrhea, hirsutism, visual disturbance or anosmia. The patient was born pre-term at 8 months of gestation and had mild cerebral palsy. The family history was unremarkable. Her younger sister, aged 17 years had normal menstrual cycles. On examination the patient's BMI was 18.41 kg/m2 and she was hemodynamically stable. There were no dysmorphic features. The neurologic examination revealed a limping gait and atrophy of right hand and right lower-limb muscles. No syndactyly or scoliosis was observed. The rest of the systemic examination was unyielding. The patient had normal secondary sexual characteristics (Tanner 4). She was seen by the gynecologist who reported a blind vagina. Subsequently, a progesterone challenge had failed to induce withdrawal bleeding. Investigations revealed a normal CBC along with normal renal, hepatic, thyroid & bone profiles. Random blood glucose was 163 (70.2-162mg/dl) and HbA1c was 9.7(<6.5 %). Serum Estradiol, FSH, LH, Testosterone and DHEA levels were within normal limits. Urinalysis was normal. Karyotyping showed normal 46 XX female karyotype. Radiology studies including the chest film, skeletal survey and the echocardiogram were unremarkable. MRI of abdomen & pelvis revealed an atretic uterine cervix without visualization of the vagina. Otherwise, the uterine anatomy, ovaries & kidneys were normal. The patient was on Glargine & Aspart insulin and 50μg of Thyroxine daily, besides 3 monthly depot Medroxy-progesterone acetate(150 mg) injection for the control of her cyclical abdominal pain. Our patient was finally diagnosed to have the rarest form of Mayer-Rokitansky-Kuster-Hauser syndrome, as she had isolated vaginal atresia with normal uterus. She was referred to a higher center for possible vaginoplasty. CONCLUSION In MRKH syndrome there is an uncommon occurrence of malformations of the distal genital system , while the spectrum of abnormalities occur more commonly in the proximal part, with adnexal and extragenital malformations. Our patient was unique in the sense, that she had the rarest type of MRKH syndrome with vaginal atresia and normally functioning uterus, along with Type 1 diabetes and hypothyroidism. ER  - 
Endothelial function in youth is modulated by adiposity-related insulin resistance and inflammation; Endothelial dysfunction in youth is an early manifestation of subclinical atherosclerosis. There is increased controversy in regards to the effects of obesity related insulin resistance vs. hyperglycemia on endothelial function in youth. We investigated the physical and metabolic determinants of endothelial function determined by peripheral arterial tonometry (PAT) in overweight (OW) adolescents with and without dysglycemia compared with normal weight (NW) peers. 69 adolescents (all pubertal, non-smokers, mean age: 15.5±0.11 years), 13 NW with normal glucose tolerance (NW-NGT), 26 OW-NGT, 18OW with impaired glucose regulation (OW-IGR) and 12 with type 2 diabetes (T2DM) underwent: oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) with calculation of whole body insulin sensitivity index (WBISI); hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp for measurement of insulin stimulated glucose disposal rate (Rd) and insulin sensitivity (IS); PAT with determination of reactive hyperemia index (RHI), body composition by DEXA and abdominal fat (AF) by MRI. T2DM adolescents had a mean HbA1c of 6.3±0.19 %, and were on metformin only therapy discontinued 48 hrs prior to clamp study. Results are mean ± SEM. When evaluated across RHI tertiles (higher is better), the tertile groups did not differ with respect to race, gender, age, pubertal stage or glycemic status. The group in the highest RHI tertile had significantly lower BMI Z-score (p=0.001), fat mass (p=0.001), %body fat (%BF) (37.3±1.3, 33.3±1.6, 28.2±2.3%, p=0.002), AF (481.9±36.3, 418.6±38.5, 298.8±41.6, p=0.004) and higher IS (2.9±0.5, 3.4±0.6, 6.1±1.1 mg/kg/min per μu/ml, p=0.013). RHI was inversely related to BMI, fat mass (r=-0.37, p=0.002), % BF (r=-0.34, p=0.003) and AF (r=-0.4, p=0.006) and positively related to WBISI (r=0.3, p=0.03), Rd (r= 0.32, p=0.011) and IS (r= 0.25, p=0.06). RHI was inversely related to leptin (r=-0.36, p=0.003) and plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (r=-0.3, p=0.05) levels with no significant correlation between RHI and HbA1c, lipids or BP. In a multiple regression analysis, % body fat independent of age, gender, race, IS or HbA1c was the significant contributor to the variance in RHI (R2=0.2, p=0.02) Our findings demonstrate that adiposity-related insulin resistance and inflammation are associated with endothelial dysfunction, independent of traditional cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk markers and of dysglycemia. This supports the need for early intervention in obese children to prevent CVD. ER  - 
Clinical and genetic characteristics of Thai patients with isolated hypogonadotropic hypogonadism; Introduction: Isolated hypogonadotropic hypogonadism (IHH) is a clinically and genetically heterogeneous disorder. The underlying cause may be due to developmental defects or impaired functional activities of GnRH neurons, disturbed interaction between the GnRH ligand and its receptor, or the release of intact gonadotropins. Advances in genetic study indicate nearly 40% of patients carrying a mutation in one of the susceptible genes. Materials and Methods: We examined the clinical and genetic features of 13 IHH patients: 3 cases with anosmia (Kallmann syndrome, KS) and 10 cases normosmic IHH (nIHH). Additional clinical parameters were recorded: testicular volume, cryptorchidism, cleft lip and/or palate, neurological, dental, renal and craniofacial anomalies. All patients were screened for mutations by using direct sequencing of the entire coding region of the KAL1, FGFR1, FGF8, PROK2, PROKR2, NELF, GnRH1, GnRHR, TAC3, TACR3, KISS1, KISS1R, and CHD7 genes. Results: Of all 13 patients, 11 were sporadic cases and 2 were from one consanguineous family. All patients, aged 20-45 year, were men and were found to have micropenis and delayed puberty. Five patients had cryptorchidism. Among patients with KS, 2 had renal agenesis and 1 had septo-optic dysplasia (SOD) feature. Mutations were identified in all KS patients and the one family of nIHH. The KS group harbored mutations in KAL1 (c.653-654delTG; p.Val218fsX11) and FGFR1 (c.303C>G; p.Cys101Trp). Digenic mutations, KAL1 (c.1540G>A; p.Glu514Lys) and FGFR1 (c.203G>A; p.Arg68Gln), were identified in the patient with SOD feature. One of the nIHH patients was found to carry a novel homozygous mutation in GnRHR (c.721-742+1delGTCCTTCATCAGGACCCCCCACG). Conclusions: Our study demonstrated the clinical and genetic features of the Thai patients with IHH. Furthermore, we reiterated the expanding phenotypic spectrum of IHH, in particular its impact on the development of the anterior midline forebrain. ER  - 
The efficacy of gonadotropin-releasing hormone analogs alone or in combination with recombinant human growth hormone for the treatment of chinese children with central precocious puberty: A systemic review and meta-analysis; Objective: Our aim was to systematically review and evaluate the efficacy and safety of the addition of recombinant human growth hormone (rhGH) to gonadotropin-releasing hormone analogs (GnRHa) treatment in Chinese children with central precocious puberty (CPP). Method: We performed a thorough search of the databases (Medline, Embase, the Cochrane Library, Chinese Biomedical Literature Service System, Wanfang Data, Chinese Scientific Journals Fulltext Database, and China National Knowledge Infrastructure). Relevant studies were included, divided and analyzed based on their research arms. Outcome measurements were height, predicted adult height (PAH), the height standard deviation score for bone age (HtSDS-BA) and growth velocity (GV). Adverse effects, including body mass index (BMI) and insulin like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) were evaluated. All analyses were conducted using the software of Stata 11.0. Results: A total of 13 case-control studies and/or observational studies containing 404 patients were included and analyzed. Compared with placebo groups, administration of GnRHa plus rhGH led to a significant increase in height, PAH, HtSDS-BA and GV, corresponding to a weighted mean difference (WMD) (95% confidence interval (95%CI)) of 8.12 cm (5.70, 10.54), 6.26cm (4.02, 8.49), 0.76 (0.41, 1.11), 3.39 cm/year (2.57, 4.22), respectively. On meta-regression, a negative association was seen between the change in PAH and subjects' age (β coefficient=-1.489, 95%CI -2.77 to -0.20, P=0.027). Even though meta-regression did not show a statistical significance between the outcomes (height and HtSDS-BA) and subjects' age, negative trends were seen between the outcomes and subjects' age. No statistically significant association was found between the changes in the following outcomes (height, PAH, HtSDS-BA and GV) and the therapy duration. In the subgroup analysis, we found that the combined therapy had increased efficacy in subjects younger than 10 years old. However, there was no significant difference between treatment lasting less than 12 months and over 12 months. To further identify the effect of the addition of rhGH to GnRHa, we compared the combined treatment with use of GnRHa alone. The combined treatment was superior with regard to height [3.76 cm (2.46, 5.05)], PAH [3.68 cm (2.82, 4.54)] and HtSDS-BA [0.56 (0.40, 0.73)]. No obvious adverse effects were observed during the GnRHa and rhGH adjunctive therapy. Conclusion: The results of this meta-analysis may allay concern about the efficacy and safety of rhGH plus GnRHa treatment. The efficacy of the combined therapy could be somewhat increased with use in subjects younger than 10 years old. However, the efficacy did not depend on the therapy duration. Multi-center, long-term and well-designed studies are greatly needed to learn more about the mechanism, the efficacy, and the safety of the addition of rhGH to GnRHa during CPP therapy. ER  - 
Serum FGF21 in prepubertal children with short stature: Relationship to IGF-1 and GH levels and growth parameters; Background: Fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21) has been shown to mediate metabolic adaptation to fasting in rodents and humans. In previous studies, we have also demonstrated that increased FGF21 causes Growth Hormone (GH) insensitivity and, in turn, growth failure. Based on this evidence, we hypothesized that serum FGF21 in prepubertal children with short stature are positively associated with serum GH levels, and negatively associated with serum IGF-1, height, weight, and growth velocity. Methods: To test our hypothesis, we prospectively enrolled prepubertal children undergoing evaluation for short stature in the Section of Endocrinology and Diabetes at St. Christopher's Hospital for Children. Blood samples were collected between 8 am and 5 pm. Serum FGF21 was measured using an FGF21 Human ELISA kit (Millipore). GH was measured by RIA, while IGF-1 was measured by LC/MS. Exclusion criteria included diagnosis of chronic disorders, prolonged (> 6 weeks in the preceding 6 months), administration of medications known to be associated with underweight or poor growth velocity/short stature, or pubertal stage of ≥ Tanner stage 2. Anthropometric data such as height, weight, BMI/Weight-for-length, gender and age (in months) were collected. Using these data, we calculated Height and BMI Z-scores. Growth velocity Z-score was calculated using the height measurements upon enrollment and within the 6 months preceding enrollment. Results:22 patients (18 males and 4 females) were recruited. Their mean age was 5.6 ± 2.9 years. Height Z-score -2.6 ± 0.85; BMI Z-score 0.01 ± 1; Growth velocity Z-score -0.5 ± 1.9. Mean FGF21 level was 132.5 ± 162.6 pg/mL (range 0- 591pg/mL, with undetectable level set to 0 pg/mL). No significant difference was identified in the median FGF21 levels between genders (Mann Whitney U test, p = .99). Mean GH level was 3 ± 3.8 ng/mL and mean IGF-1 level was 89.2 ± 41.5 ng/mL. No significant correlations with height Z-score, growth velocity Z-score, weight Z-score, serum IGF-1 or serum GH levels were found (Spearman's rank order statistics). Discussion: To our knowledge this is the first study reporting circulating FGF21 levels in prepubertal children with short stature. Our results suggest that there is no association between serum FGF21, serum GH and IGF-1 levels in prepubertal children. In addition, we did not find any association between FGF21 levels and anthropometric measures. In contrast to our results, these associations have been demonstrated in two studies on premature infants. It is possible that differences in age and nutritional status between our patient population and others may explain these discordant findings. Longitudinal studies on a larger cohort of prepubertal short children with a wider BMI range may further elucidate the role of FGF21 in human growth. ER  - 
Influenza vaccination adverse effect: Hypothalamic-pituitary disfunction associated with narcolepsy-cataplexy in a little girl; Background: Following 2009/ 2010 pandemic H1N1 vaccine campaign, several children and adolescents had onset of symptoms of narcolepsy-cataplexy (1). Narcolepsy is a disorder affecting the brain's ability to regulate sleep-wake cycles by the loss of hypothalamic neurons that produce the neuropeptide orexin (hypocretin). There is a hypothesis that this phenomenom is auto-imune, children are positive for human leukocyte antigen (HLA)-DQB1∗0602, and probably produce anti-hypothalamus antibodies. It was described obesity and precocious puberty associated with narcolepsy-cataplesy in children (2,3) and this clinical case reports a H1N1 vaccine related narcolepsy with other endocrine associated symptoms. Case Report: Eight weeks after pandemic influenza vaccination, a 5 year old brazilian girl developed classic symptoms of narcolepsy-cataplexy with: daytime sleepiness with sleep atacks, episodes of cataplexy, hypnagogic hallucinations and sleep paralysis. She was investigated by neurologists and the polysomnography, the multiple sleep latency test and Epworth scale were diagnostic of narcolepsy-cataplexy. Her latency to stage I and REM sleep were respectively 3.5 and 7.0 minutes. She was treated daily with venlafaxin, metilphenidate and modafinil. At the diagnosis she had been in 50th percentile of height and weight since birth, but after that she started gaining weight (plus 48.9 pounds in 2 years) and developed obesity while she reduced growth rate and grew only 3 centimeters the following year, decreasing to 25th height percentile. Finally she was refered to an endocrinologist. It was excluded Cushing disease, hypoleptinemia (leptin 21- normal 0.6 to 16.8) and insulin resistance (glycemia 85 mg/dl, insulinemia 5.4 and HOMA indice 1.1). Her evaluation showed a hypothalamic-pituitary disfunction with central hypothyroidism, total T4: 3.8 mcg/dl (normal 6.0-12), Free T4 0.7 ng/dl (normal 0.9-1.8), TSH 2.6 mcUI/ml (normal 0.6-4.4), TBG 21 (normal 14-31) altered TRH test and growth hormone deficiency. She had a normal MRI and IGF-1 of -0.6 z score, but because of her growth rate she was submitted to a GH stimulation test with clonidine without response (0.59/ 0.24/ 0.64/ 1.12/ 0.85 GH ng/ml). Three years after the vaccine she is hypotonic, looking like a non-GH treated Prader Willi girl, reflecting her hypothalamic disfunction as well. The family is postponing GH treatment, afraid of side effects. Conclusion: The major neuroendocrine alterations associated with short sleep are an upregulation of appetite, with lower leptin and insulin sensitivity. This clinical case reports a H1N1 vaccine related narcolepsy with no precocious puberty, no lower leptin or insulin sensitivity but with symptoms, signs and tests consistent with hypothalamic endocrine dysfunction, suggesting that orexin neurons may play a role as one of the multifactorial mechanisms involved in the endocrine system. ER  - 
Final height and safety outcomes in growth hormone (GH)-treated children born small for gestational age (SGA): Experience from a large, multinational, prospective observational study; GH treatment in short children born small for gestational age (SGA) has shown a growth-promoting effect in both the short- and long-term, and is an approved indication in both Europe and the USA; recommended GH dosages range from 0.25 to 0.47 mg/kg/wk. To examine long-term outcomes in patients (pts) receiving GH treatment in routine clinical practice, we assessed final height (FH) and safety outcomes in pts born SGA by using data collected in a multinational observational study (Genetics and Neuroendocrinology of Short Stature International Study [GeNeSIS]). At the time of analysis, 1208 GH-treated pts born SGA (114 due to Russell-Silver syndrome; 111, other known causes; 932, unknown SGA cause) were enrolled in GeNeSIS. FH (defined by one or more of the following: closed epiphyses, height velocity <2 cm/year, last bone age >14 years (y) for girls/>16 y for boys) was available for 203 pts (FHPop1). Sub-analyses were performed for a) 62 pts with baseline age ≥4 and <11 y who had ≥5 y GH treatment (FHPop2) and b) a subset of FHPop2 who had initial GH dose ≥0.2 and <0.3 mg/kg/wk (FHPop3, N=26). For FHPop1, FHPop2 and FHPop3, respectively, key baseline data (mean±SD) were: age (y), 10.9±3.1, 8.3±1.7, 8.9±1.9; height standard deviation score (SDS), -2.6±0.9, -2.8±0.9, -2.6±0.8; and BMI SDS, -0.9±1.6, -1.3±1.8, -1.5±1.8. Mean initial GH dose was 0.28±0.10 mg/kg/wk, increasing at FH by ≤12% for all FH populations. FH SDS, BMI SDS, age, and GH duration at FH for each population were as follows: FHPop1: -1.5±0.9, -0.3±1.5, 16.1±1.5 y, 5.0±2.9 y; FHPop2: -1.3±0.8, -0.4±1.6, 16.0±1.2 y, 7.5±1.8 y; and FHPop3: -1.1±0.8, -0.8±1.9, 16.0±1.2, 6.8±1.5 y. Height gains from baseline were 1.1±1.0, 1.5±0.8, and 1.4±0.9 SDS respectively. Of 1111 GH-treated pts born SGA with ≥1 follow-up visit (3.2±2.2 y of follow-up), ≥1 adverse event was reported for 283 (25%) vs. 5552/20060 (28%) for GeNeSIS overall (all short stature diagnoses). Adverse events reported for ≥1.0% were precocious puberty (3%), headache (2%), hypothyroidism (2%), arthralgia (2%), attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (2%), scoliosis (1%), asthma (1%), and acne (1%). Two deaths were reported [1 associated with displaced ventriculoperitoneal shunt; 1 with MELAS syndrome (1)]; one case of malignancy (b-cell lymphoma) and 4 cases of diabetes (2 type 2, 1 type 1, and 1 unknown type) were reported. In pts with ≥1 follow-up visit and available IGF-I data mean IGF-I SDS was -1.5±1.6 at baseline, 0.8±1.8 at 3 y of follow-up, and was >+2SDS for 21% of pts at 1 or more follow-up visits. The height gains observed for pts born SGA enrolled in GeNeSIS were similar to those in previous studies using GH doses similar to the European approved dose (2,3); younger age at treatment start was associated with greater height SDS gain. No new safety concerns were identified. ER  - 
Genetic findings in a subject with type 1 diabetes mellitus and congenital adrenal hyperplasia; Background: Type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) and congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH) are relatively common conditions, but there are only a few reported cases in the literature of T1DM in association with 21-hydroxylase deficiency CAH, providing a unique opportunity to evaluate the underlying genetic abnormalities for the presence or absence of overlapping genetic risk factors in these distinct conditions. Case Description: An 11 year old female with CAH due to 21-hydroxylase deficiency diagnosed prenatally due to a positive family history of an older brother that was diagnosed with CAH at age 5 after presenting with precocious puberty. Our subject was prenatally diagnosed by genetic screening on amniocentesis and was treated via the mother with dexamethasone during pregnancy to prevent virilization. The patient was delivered full term without complications and physical exam was normal with no evidence of virilization. She has been treated with cortef and florinef from birth to current. At age 11 years old she was found to have significant hyperglycemia on routine follow up labs with serum glucose of 597 mg/dL (n 65-99 mg/dL). At that time patient endorsed 3-4 weeks of fatigue, polyuria, polydipsia, and polyphagia. Physical exam was unremarkable. Initial laboratory evaluation revealed Hemoglobin A1c (A1c) 14.6% (n<6%), HCo3- 20 mMol/L (n 17-26 mMol/L), and large urine ketones (n=none). Diabetes autoantibodies are positive for islet cell antigen 512 and anti-GAD 65, but normal for insulin antibody, consistent with T1DM. Subject was started on insulin and A1c levels have been in target range. Subsequently, genetic testing was done to confirm the genes associated with CAH and HLA-DR typing performed to assess genetic risk of T1DM. Results: The subject is compound heterozygous for mutations (p.I172N and p.Q318X) in the CYP21A2 gene (MIM 613815) confirming the diagnosis of CAH. Parental testing identified that the p.Q318X mutation was maternally inherited, and the p.I172N mutation was paternally inherited and that these findings exist in a trans configuration in the patient. Furthermore, HLA genotyping revealed multiple alleles that are high risk for T1DM including DQA1-B-0201, DQB1-B-0202, and DQB1-A-0302. In addition, she has DQA1-A-0301 and DRB1-A 0401 that was paternally inherited, which in combination predisposes her to T1DM. Unfortunately, she does not have any protective alleles for T1DM. Discussion: The HLA DR locus is found on chromosome 6p21.32 and determines a group of cell membrane alloantigens expressed on B-cells increasing the risk of autoimmune diseases. Some HLA typing has been associated with high risk of developing T1DM. The CYP21A2 gene is located on 6p21.33 and there may be an association between the genetic mutations allowing CAH and T1DM to occur together in at risk individuals. ER  - 
An unexpected combination of septo-optic dysplasia and prolactinoma; Background: Septo-optic dysplasia (SOD) is a rare congenital condition with variable combinations of optic nerve dysplasia, absent septum pellucidum, and pituitary hypoplasia. Visual defects, developmental delay, and short stature are the most common findings. Pituitary function ranges from normal to partial or complete hypopituitarism. The radiological appearance of the pituitary ranges from normal to aplastic anterior pituitary and normal to ectopic posterior lobe. Case Summary: A 41 year-old female presents for evaluation of new onset bilateral galactorrhea. Her initial evaluation is most notable for blindness, short stature, obesity, and fully developed secondary sexual characteristics. Menstrual cycles remain regular since menarche. She has polyuria and polydipsia since childhood and partial anosmia. She was given a diagnosis of optic nerve hypoplasia in infancy. She can not recall any prior endocrine evaluation or hormone replacement. Her medical history includes asthma for which she rarely takes prednisone. Serum prolactin is 176 mcg/L. Insulin-like growth factor-1 levels are 33 ng/ml commensurate with her short stature. Thyroid function and pituitary-gonadal axis testing are normal. Morning serum cortisol is 7.7 mcg/dl and ACTH 54 pg/ml, with low adrenal androgens for age and gender (DHEA-S 27 mcg/dl and DHEA 99 ng/dl) suggesting possible partial secondary adrenal insufficiency (AI). Low dose cosyntropin test shows a borderline cortisol response and persistently low adrenal androgens. Water deprivation test reveals an inability to concentrate urine (urine osmolality of 112 mOsm/kg with concomitant serum osmolality of 302 mOsm/kg H2O) and undetectable plasma ADH levels. Following administration of desmopressin, urine osmolality rises appropriately. MRI of the sella reveals hypoplastic optic nerves, absent septum pellucidum and a 1.1 cm sellar mass. Based on these findings, she is diagnosed with SOD causing growth hormone deficiency, possible partial secondary AI, diabetes insipidus and a concomitant prolactinoma of more recent onset. Hormone replacement with DDAVP is initiated. Treatment with cabergoline results in a significant decline in prolactin, resolution of galactrorrhea and a 78% decrease in tumor volume over 1 year. Conclusion: To our knowledge, this is the first report of a pituitary adenoma arising in a subject with SOD. The hypoplasia of anterior and posterior pituitary tissue in SOD is less likely to provide substrate for the development of adenomas. Mild hyperprolactinemia with SOD is thought to be due to interrupted dopaminergic inhibition and has so far not been associated with prolactinoma. In this case mild, partial hypopituitarism suggests the presence of viable pituitary tissue that gave rise to a functional adenoma. A diagnosis of SOD should therefore not exclude the possibility of a pituitary adenoma in the appropriate clinical context. ER  - 
Ethnic and sex differences in adiponectin across the lifespan; There is a greater risk of insulin resistance (IR) and type 2 diabetes in Hispanic (H) vs. Non-Hispanic White (NHW) populations. Adiponectin, an adipokine with known antidiabetic and antiatherogenic effects, appears to be lower in IR, male sex and during puberty. Limited data demonstrates lower adiponectin in H vs. NHW, suggesting a possible role of adiponectin in the development of metabolic dysfunction. However, studies examining the interaction of ethnicity and sex across the lifespan are lacking. We aimed to compare ethnic and sex differences in adiponectin across the lifespan, independent of BMI. Adiponectin, fasting insulin, glucose and HOMA-IR were measured in 351 non-diabetic subjects of varied age (8-57 years) and ethnicity (58.0% NHW and 42.0% H). Life stage was defined as pre-pubertal (Tanner 1 or 2, 27.9%), mid-pubertal (Tanner 3 or 4, 16.2%), late-pubertal (Tanner 5 and <21 years, 25.4%) or adult (Tanner 5 and age ≥21 years, 30.5%). Adjusted for BMI Z-score, adiponectin was negatively associated with HOMA-IR (r2=-0.27, p=0.009). Overall, adjusting for BMI z-score (BMIz), adiponectin was lower in late puberty vs. other life stages [pre-pubertal least squares geometric mean 8.77 ug/mL (95% CI 7.96-9.65)], mid-pubertal 9.05 (7.96-10.28), late-pubertal 7.15 (6.42-7.96), adult 7.71 (7.0-8.48), p=0.008 for association with lifespan]. When broken down by ethnicity, lifespan differences remained only in the H group (p=0.0007), such that adiponectin was lower in late-pubertal and adult stages (pre-pubertal 8.6 (p<0.003 vs. late-pubertal and vs. adults), mid-pubertal 8.8 (p<0.007 vs. late pubertal and vs. adults), late-pubertal 6.2, adults 5.8). There were ethnic differences across the lifespan by gender, when adjusting for BMIz. In NHW females, adiponectin dipped in late puberty and was highest in adults (p<0001). In contrast, in NHW males it began to fall in late puberty and fell further in adults (p=0.048). Similarly, in H males, adiponectin was lowest in adults (p=0.006). However, H females had a unique pattern where adiponectin dipped lowest in late puberty and stayed lower in adults (p=0.005). This study uniquely assesses interactions among adiponectin, ethnicity, and gender across the lifespan. As expected, adiponectin was inversely and independently associated with IR in this diverse cohort. Overall, adiponectin was lowest in late-puberty when controlled for BMI. However, gender and ethnic differences existed, such that in all males, adiponectin was lowest in adults. In NHW females, adiponectin was lowest in late puberty and highest in adults. In contrast, H females had a more “male” pattern, where adiponectin dropped in late puberty but did not recover in adulthood. These results suggest that adiponectin may relate to the greater risk for cardiometabolic disease seen in H females, independent of BMI. Future studies are needed in a larger cohort to confirm these results. ER  - 
Mauriac's syndrome: An uncommon and old complication of type 1 diabetes mellitus; Background: Mauriac's syndrome (MS) may occur in children with poor controlled type 1 diabetes mellitus (DM1) and is associated with growth impairment, puberty delay and hepatomegaly with elevated transaminases. It is a rare syndrome firstly described by Mauriac in 1930 and has become even less common after the emergence of advances on diabetes treatment, but still exists. The exact incidence is uncertain as there are only few cases reported in the literature. Objective: This manuscript aims to report the cases of the patients diagnosed with MS hospitalized in Instituto Estadual De Diabetes e Endocrinologia (IEDE), Rio De Janeiro - Brazil, between April/2013 and June/ 2015, and one patient identified at the outpatient clinic. Materials and methods: We performed a retrospective analysis of the records of the patients with diagnostic criteria of MS hospitalized in IEDE between April/2013 and June/2015 and of one patient followed at the outpatient clinic. Results: Eight patients with diagnosis of MS were identified and 50% of them were female. The medium age at presentation of MS was 12 (10-14) yrs., with a medium interval between DM1 diagnosis and MS criteria of 6 (3-12) yrs. The medium time of diagnosis of DM1 was 8.12 (5-12) yrs. All the patients were on basal insulin (4 with long-Acting insulin analogs and 4 with NPH insulin) and rapid-Acting insulin analogs bolus and the medium daily insulin dose was 0.93 (0.61-1.15) U/kg. All had a previous history of poor glycemic control with medium glycated hemoglobin of 11.3 (8.7-14.2%) before the diagnosis of MS. Increase of hepatic enzymes and hepatomegaly at physical examination (4 confirmed by ultrasonography) were present in all the patients. None of the patients had cushingoid features or diabetic microvascular complications. Five patients presented diagnosis of short stature, but growth's deceleration was found in all of them. All the patients presented dyslipidemia. Just 3 patients were adherent to diabetes management and only one of them has never been hospitalized for diabetic ketoacidosis. Conclusion: Mauriac's syndrome is an uncommon condition resulting from poorly controlled DM1 in childhood and adolescence. However, staying alert to the existence of MS is fundamental, since most clinical features are reversible with improved glycemic control. Special attention and a multidisciplinary team are necessary to monitor these patients in order to help treatment compliance and prevent complications in the future. ER  - 
Quality care; Background: Diabetes mellitus is one of the most common chronic diseases in childhood and adolescence, with increasing incidence. The main focus of its management is to achieve quality care by a multidisciplinary team who also deal with the education of the child and their family. Improvements in the care process usually precede improvements in metabolic control of patients. At its base are the identification, recording and analysis of health care quality markers. Objective: To evaluate the quality of the care process of the Diabetes Unit at the Pereira Rossell Hospital Center. Materials and methods: A descriptive, retrospective study, using clinical records of patients monitored at DU between 1/7/2012 and 1/7/2013. The criteria for good quality care were: good nutritional status, adequate pubertal development, lack of hospitalizations, adequate frequency of clinical controls, preventive controls of micro and macrovascular disease, normal Results: Of the preventive controls, application of glycosylated hemoglobin test and appropriate value. The quality of the care would be considered good to the presence of 7 met criteria, acceptable to the presence of 6, and poor below 6. Absolute frequencies and percentages were used. Results: 83 patients were included, 37 (45%) presented good quality care, 20 (24%) acceptable and 26 (31%) bad. The two main flaws were in the average values of glycosylated hemoglobin and in the number of annual tests requested. Conclusions: With regular assessment of the quality of care strengths can be detected and weaknesses can be corrected. After five yrs. of operation, the Diabetes Unit (DU) got almost half of patients received good quality care in this disease. However, monitoring compliance with controls should be improved by strengthening the socio-economic support and education.,. ER  - 
Hypertriglyceridemic waist phenotype indicates insulin resistance in adolescents: Validation study front hyperglycemic clamp-Brazilian Metabolic Syndrome Study (BRAMS); Background: The increase in levels of triglycerides (TG) and waist circumference (WC) characterize the phenotype of hypertriglyceridemic waist (HTGW phenotype) that predicts cardiovascular risk in adults to join the atherogenic triad: hyperinsulinemia, high concentrations of Apo -B and small dense LDL particles. Recent studies have demonstrated that metabolic syndrome (MS) is a marker and cardiovascular alterations in adolescents. Objective: To investigate the association of HTGW phenotype with metabolic syndrome (MS) and insulin resistance (IR) assessed by hyperglycemic clamp in adolescents. Materials and methods: Cross-sectional study with 847 adolescents (10-19 yrs., 537 girls). It assessed pubertal stage (self-Assessment-Tanner), anthropometric and laboratory parameters. IR assessed by HOMA-IR method and the hyperglycemic clamp (glucose infusion rate adjusted for lean mass [TIGMM]) n=77; IR considered HOMA-IR> 75th percentile HTGW Phenotype defined by the presence of TG> 100 mg/dL and dc> 75 cm in pubertal girls (sensitivity (S) 71.2% and (E) specificity 61.8%), CC> 84 cm in post-pubertal girls (S: 84.7% and E 63%), WC> 86 cm in pubescent boys (S 72.9% and 80.7% E) and WC >94 cm in post-pubescent boys (85.5% S and E 82.4%). Cutoff points for CC determined by ROC curves, considering the value of a larger sum of S and E to IR identification, stratified by gender and pubertal stage. Results: The phenotype (HTGW phenotype versus healthy) was associated with the highest average total cholesterol (183±33 vs 151±27), LDL (111±30 vs 88±24), systolic blood pressure (119±13 vs 109±13), diastolic pressure (76±8 vs 69±10), HOMA-IR index (4.7±2.9 vs. 1.8±1.1), insulin (13±21.8 vs 9±5); Glucose (87±10 vs 81±10) and lower HDL levels (42±11 vs 51±11) compared to healthy; p <0.001. Conclusion: The Results demonstrate the usefulness of the phenotype of hypertriglyceridemic waist identify the presence of insulin resistance and metabolic syndrome in adolescents' population in plan and in clinical practice. ER  - 
The prevalence and risk factors for gallstone disease in taiwanese vegetarians; Introduction: Gallstone disease (GSD) and its complications are major public health issues globally. Although many community-based studies had addressed the risk factors for GSD, little is known about GSD prevalence and risk factors among Taiwanese vegetarians. Methods: This study included 1721 vegetarians who completed a questionnaire detailing their demographics, medical history, and life-styles. GSD was ascertained by ultrasonography or surgical history of cholecystectomy for GSD. The predictive probability of GSD for male and female vegetarians was estimated from the fitted model. Results: The prevalence of GSD was 8.2% for both male and female vegetarians. The risk of GSD is similar in men and women across all age groups, and increases steadily with increasing age. For male vegetarians, age (OR: 1.04; 95% CI: 1.00-1.08) and serum total bilirubin level (OR: 2.35; 95% CI: 1.31-4.22) predict risk for GSD. For female vegetarians, age (OR: 1.03; 95% CI: 1.01-1.05), BMI (OR: 1.07; 95% CI: 1.01-1.13), and alcohol consumption (OR: 7.85; 95% CI: 1.83-33.73) are associated with GSD. GSD is not associated with type of vegetarian diet, duration of vegetarianism, low education level, physical inactivity, diabetes, coronary artery disease, cerebral vascular accident, chronic renal failure, hepatitis C virus infection, and lipid abnormalities. GSD is also not associated with age at menarche, postmenopausal status, and multiparity in female vegetarians. Conclusions: Risk factors useful for predicting GSD in vegetarians are (1) age and total bilirubin level in men, and (2) age, BMI, and alcohol consumption in women. Many previously identified risk factors for general population does not seem to apply to Taiwanese vegetarians. ER  - 
Sex differences in retinal microvasculature through puberty in type 1 diabetes: Are girls at greater risk of diabetic microvascular complications?; PURPOSE. Adolescent females with type 1 diabetes (T1D) are reported to have greater risk of early microvascular complications than males. We hypothesize sex differences in retinal vascular geometry (RVG) through puberty are associated with earlier-onset microvascular complications.METHODS. Prepubertal patients (n ¼ 64, 35 male) with T1D, complication-free at baseline, were followed through to sexual maturity with detailed Tanner-staging and repeated diabetes complications assessments. Retinal vascular geometry from digitized retinal photographs at each visit was assessed using a semiautomated computer program. Determinants of RVG measurements (pre-, during, and post puberty) were explored using generalized estimating equations (GEE). Factors associated with time to onset of retinopathy and albumin excretion rate (AER) were examined using multivariable Cox regression.RESULTS. Median follow-up was 7.2 years. Retinopathy developed in 69% and elevated albumin excretion in 56%. In multivariable GEE, female sex was associated with wider venular caliber (prepuberty: lowest-quartile, odds ratio 0.40 [95% confidence interval: 0.17, 0.96]); P ¼ 0.04) and lower arteriolar length-to-diameter-ratio (LDRa) (during puberty: lowest-quartile 2.87 [1.01, 8.13]; P ¼ 0.047 and post puberty: 2.93 [0.96, 8.64]; P ¼ 0.06). In Cox-regression, females developed retinopathy earlier than males (8.1 vs. 9.6 years; P ¼ 0.002). Female sex (hazard ratio [HR] 3.8 [1.6-8.6]; P ¼ 0.002) and growth velocity (1.3 [1.1-1.5]; P¼ 0.001) were associated with earlier retinopathy.CONCLUSIONS. This is the first longitudinal study to repeatedly examine RVG through puberty in youth with T1D. Sex dimorphism was observed. Female sex was associated with lower LDRa, wider venules, and earlier onset of retinopathy. These RVG patterns have been associated with incident microvascular complications but did not reach statistical significance in this study. Larger studies are needed to investigate the RVG, microvascular complications, and sex associations early in the course of T1D. ER  - 
Serum adiposity-induced biomarkers in obese and lean children with recently diagnosed autoimmune type 1 diabetes; Background/Objective: Obesity increases the risk of cardiovascular disease and diabetic complications in type 1 diabetes. Adipokines, which regulate obesity-induced inflammation, may contribute to this association. We compared serum adipokines and inflammatory cytokines in obese and lean children with new-onset autoimmune type 1 diabetes. Subjects and Methods: We prospectively studied 32 lean and 18 obese children (age range: 2-18 yr) with new-onset autoimmune type 1 diabetes and followed them for up to 2 yr. Serum adipokines [leptin, total and high molecular weight (HMW) adiponectin, omentin, resistin, chemerin, visfatin], cytokines [interferon (IFN)-gamma, interleukin (IL)-10, IL-12, IL-6, IL-8, and tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha] and C-reactive protein (CRP) were measured at a median of 7 wk after diagnosis (range: 3-16 wk). Results: Lean children were 71.9% non-Hispanic White, 21.9% Hispanic, and 6.3% African-American, compared with 27.8, 55.6, and 16.7%, respectively, for obese children (p=0.01). Compared with lean children, obese children had significantly higher serum leptin, visfatin, chemerin, TNF-alpha and CRP, and lower total adiponectin and omentin after adjustment for race/ethnicity and Tanner stage. African-American race was independently associated with higher leptin among youth ≥10 yr (p=0.007). Leptin levels at onset positively correlated with hemoglobin A1c after 1-2 yr (p=0.0001) independently of body mass index, race/ethnicity, and diabetes duration. Higher TNF-alpha was associated with obesity and female gender, after adjustment for race/ethnicity (p=0.0003). Conclusion: Obese children with new-onset autoimmune type 1 diabetes have a proinflammatory profile of circulating adipokines and cytokines that may contribute to the development of cardiovascular disease and diabetic complications. ER  - 
Influence of adiposity on cardiac structure in healthy children; Background: A physically literate child engages in sufficient physical activity to offset excessive increases in adiposity. Increased cardiac size is associated with cardiac dysfunction in the general population, and although the influence of obesity and physical activity on left atrial (LA) and left ventricular (LV) size has been documented in adults, there is limited information in healthy children. In particular, previous studies in children have assessed the relationship between adiposity and LA and LV size have not accounted for the potential confounding effects of physical activity and cardiorespiratory fitness. We sought to investigate the effect of fat mass on LA and LV structure in healthy pre-adolescent children, accounting for the effects of physical activity and cardiorespiratory fitness. Methods: In this community-based prospective cohort study of Australian pre-adolescent children, we assessed fat mass by dualenergy X-ray absorptiometry; physical activity by 7-day pedometer count; cardiorespiratory fitness by 20-m shuttle run; pubertal development by Tanner stage; and LA volume, LV volume and LV mass by transthoracic echocardiography at baseline and after a median follow-up period of 2 years. Results: Of the 546 children (10.1±0.3 years at baseline) who completed all assessments and had no cardiac disease or chronic illnesses such as diabetes mellitus, 278 (50.9%) were boys. With adjustments for confounding variables including body size and pubertal development, fat mass was associated with an increase in LA volume (p < 0.007 for boys and girls), LV end-diastolic volume (p = 0.007 for boys; p < 0.001 for girls) and LV mass (p = 0.009 for boys; p < 0.001 for girls). These relationships were not attenuated by the effects of physical activity and cardiorespiratory fitness. Conclusion: Increased adiposity augments the age-related increases in LA size, LV size and LV mass. These findings provide novel data that are needed to identify the mechanisms by which obesity-related metabolic disease may lead to the development of cardiovascular disease in adulthood. Furthermore, given the relationship between physical inactivity and obesity in children, our findings suggest another avenue by which physical literacy may promote well-being in childhood and beyond. ER  - 
The added value of female-specific risk factors on top of the framingham risk score for the prediction of cardiovascular disease in women: Data from EPIC-NL; Abstract Introduction: Besides the traditional risk factors for CVD, women have female-specific risk factors, related to their hormonal and reproductive status. Whether these female-specific risk factors have added value in risk prediction on top of the traditional risk factors has not been evaluated yet. Hypothesis: We assessed the hypothesis that female-specific risk factors will have added value on top of the Framingham risk score (FRS) in predicting CVD. Methods: We used data from 25,513 women between 30-74 years of age (mean age 53.5±9.0 years) without prevalent CVD in the EPIC-NL study, a population-based cohort study from the Netherlands. Outcome was 10-year risk of fatal or non-fatal CVD. The FRS variables were first refitted using a Cox proportional hazards model. Subsequently, number of children, gestational hypertension or diabetes, age at menarche and menopause, estrogen use and miscarriages/stillbirths were added. Stepwise backward selection using Akaike's Information Criterion was used to evaluate which female-specific risk factors were retained in the model. Discrimination, calibration and reclassification (NRI) were determined. Results: During a median follow-up of 11.7 years 2,305 CVD events occurred. In the study population 71.5% were at low (<10%), 26.4% at intermediate (≥10-<20%), and 2.1% at high (≥20%) 10-year CVD risk. In univariable analysis, most female-specific risk factors were statistically significantly associated with CVD risk. The c-statistic of the refitted FRS was 0.69 (95% CI 0.67-0.71). Age at menarche, menopausal status and estrogen use were retained in the model, but discrimination and calibration did not improve. There was no net reclassification (NRI = 0). The most likely explanation is that the presence of female-specific risk factors is already expressed in the traditional risk factors such as high cholesterol and blood pressure and the presence of diabetes. Conclusion: In conclusion, although female-specific risk factors are associated with CVD risk they have no added value on top of the FRS for the prediction of 10-year risk of CVD in women. ER  - 
Final height and cardiometabolic outcomes in young adults with very low birth weight (<1500 g); Objective: Individuals with very low birth weight (VLBW; <1500 g) are known to be predisposed to both short final height and cardiometabolic disorders. However, associations between final height and cardiometabolic outcomes including glucose metabolism in VLBW individuals in young adulthood are not fully investigated. Methods: We investigated glucose metabolism and other cardiometabolic outcomes such as lipid profiles, blood pressure, renal function, urinary albumin, and thyroid function in young adults with VLBW born between 1980 and 1990. Short stature was defined as a final height <10th percentile. Glucose intolerance [diabetes, impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), and impaired fasting glucose (IFG)] was determined using 75-g oral glucose tolerance tests. Associations between final height and cardiometabolic outcomes were examined using logistic or multiple linear regression. Results: A total of 628 VLBW individuals were screened and 111 young adults with VLBW (19-30 years) participated in the study. Of the participants, 40 subjects (36%) had short stature with a final height <10th percentile. Eight subjects (7.2%) had glucose intolerance (1, diabetes; 6, IGT; 1, IFG). Short stature was correlated with glucose intolerance (odds ratio 11.1; 95% CI 1.92, 99.7; P = 0.006). Final height was inversely associated with the homeostatic model assessment (HOMA) of insulin resistance, HOMA-β, insulinogenic index, and total/LDL-cholesterol. The associations of final height with insulin sensitivity and lipid profiles remained after adjustment for target height and age at puberty onset. Conclusions: Shorter final height was associated with less favorable metabolic profiles in young adults with VLBW, and may be partly mediated by reduced insulin sensitivity. These associations were independent of target height or age at puberty onset. ER  - 
Maternal hyperglycemia during pregnancy predicts adiposity of the offspring; OBJECTIVE: To investigate associations between maternal pregnancy hyperglycemia, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and offspring adiposity. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We evaluated these associations in a longitudinal study of 421 mother-daughter pairs at Kaiser Permanente Northern California. Maternal pregnancy glucose values were obtained from maternal medical records. Outcomes included three measures of girls' adiposity, measured annually: 1) ≥85th age-specific percentile for BMI; 2 ) percent body fat (%BF); and 3) waist-to-height ratio (WHR). RESULTS: Adjusting for maternal age at delivery, race/ethnicity, pregravid BMI, girl 's age, and girl 's age at onset of puberty, having a mother with GDM increased a girl's risk of having a BMI ≥85th percentile or having %BF or WHR in the highest quartile (Q4), compared with those in the lowest quintile of blood glucose (odds ratio [OR] 3.56 [95% CI 1.28-9.92]; OR 3.13 [95% CI 1.08-9.09]; and OR 2.80 [95% CI 1.00-7.84], respectively). There was a signi fi cant interaction between the presence of GDM and pregravid BMI; girls whose mothers had both risk factors had the highest odds of having a BMI ≥85th percentile (OR 5.56 [95%CI 1.70-18.2]; Q4%BF, OR 6.04 [95%CI 1.76- 20.7]; and Q4 WHR, OR 3.60 [95%CI 1.35- 9.58]). Similar, although weaker, associations were found in the association between hyperglycemia and offspring adiposity. CONCLUSIONS: Girls who were exposed to maternal GDMor hyperglycemia in utero are at higher risk of childhood adiposity; risk increases if the mother is overweight or obese. Screening and intervention for this high-risk group is warranted to slow the intergenerational transmission of obesity and its sequelae. ER  - 
Insulin sensitivity is an important determinant of renal health in adolescents with type 2 diabetes; OBJECTIVE:Diabetic nephropathy (DN) remains the most common cause of end-stage renal disease and is a major cause of mortality in type 2 diabetes. Insulin sensitivity is an important determinant of renal health in adults with type 2 diabetes, but limited data exist in adolescents. We hypothesized that measured insulin sensitivity (glucose infusion rate [GIR]) would be associated with early markers of DN reflected by estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) and albumin-creatinine ratio (ACR) in adolescents with type 2 diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS:Type 2 diabetic (n = 46), obese (n = 29), and lean (n = 19) adolescents (15.1 ± 2.2 years) had GIR measured by hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamps. ACR was measured and GFR was estimated by the Bouvet equation (combined creatinine and cystatin C). RESULTS:Adolescents with type 2 diabetes had significantly lower GIR, and higher eGFR and ACR than obese or lean adolescents. Moreover, 34% of type 2 diabetic adolescents had albuminuria (ACR≥30 mg/g), and 24% had hyperfiltration (≥135 mL/min/1.73m2). Stratifying ACR and eGFR into tertiles, adolescents with type 2 diabetes in the highest tertiles of ACR and eGFR had respectively lower GIR than those in the mid and low tertiles, after adjusting for age, sex, Tanner stage, BMI, and HbA1c (P = 0.02 and P = 0.04). GIR, but not HbA1c, LDL, or systolic blood pressure, was also associated with eGFR after adjusting for sex and Tanner stage (β ± SE: -2.23 ± 0.87; P = 0.02). CONCLUSIONS:A significant proportion of adolescents with type 2 diabetes showed evidence of early DN, and insulin sensitivity, rather than HbA1c, blood pressure, or lipid control, was the strongest determinant of renal health. ER  - 
Evaluation of endocrine dysfunctions in children with beta thalassemia major on long term transfusions; Introduction: Blood transfusion, which is critical for survival of thalassemia patients is double edged sword, prolonging life while eventually leading to iron overload resulting in various endocrine dysfunctions. Materials and Methods: A cross sectional study was carried out in Kasturba Hospital, over a period of 2 years, on all children with β-thalassemia major more than 5 years of age receiving regular blood transfusions. Patients with transfusion dependent anemia other than β-thalassemia major were excluded. Growth assessment was measured by Height SDS, height and weight according to age. For all patients serum ferritin concentration, fasting blood sugar and postprandial blood sugar, thyroid stimulating hormone were measured. Results: The total number of children included in the present study was 33. Median age of children at the time of enrollment in the study was 9 years. Mean Pretransfusion Hb was 6.4 ± 0.94 g/dl and the median serum ferritin level was 2,926 ng/ml (2,406, 4737 ng/ml). The most common endocrine abnormality was delayed puberty (64 %). Short stature was the second most frequent endocrine complication with prevalence of 60.6 %. Impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) and diabetes mellitus were seen in 21 and 3 % patients respectively. Hypothyroidism was not seen in any child in the study group. Mean age of patients with Short stature was 11 ± 1.63 years, delayed puberty was 14.33 ± 1.8 years and IGT and DM was 14 ± 1.63 years, implying that endocrine abnormality usually occurs in the second decade of life. In the present study, 63 % of patients with thalassemia major suffered from at least 1 endocrine abnormality mostly in the second decade of life. 36 % of patients had no endocrine abnormalities. Conclusions: In this study, delayed puberty and short stature were the most common abnormalities observed. Most of the children had abnormalities during the second decade of life. No relationship between serum ferritin and development of endocrinopathy was noted. ER  - 
Abdominal obesity and low physical activity are associated with insulin resistance in overweight adolescents: A cross-sectional study; Background: Previous studies have assessed the metabolic changes and lifestyles associated with overweight adolescents. However, these associations are unclear amongst overweight adolescents who have already developed insulin resistance. This study assessed the associations between insulin resistance and anthropometric, metabolic, inflammatory, food consumption, and physical activity variables amongst overweight adolescents.Methods: This cross-sectional study divided adolescents (n = 120) between 10 and 18 years old into 3 groups: an overweight group with insulin resistance (O + IR), an overweight group without insulin resistance (O-IR), and a normal-weight control group (NW). Adolescents were matched across groups based on age, sex, pubertal maturation, and socioeconomic strata. Anthropometric, biochemical, physical activity, and food consumption variables were assessed. Insulin resistance was assessed using homeostatic model assessment (HOMA Calculator Version 2.2.2 from ER  - 
Thyroid autoimmunity and function among Ugandan children and adolescents with type-1 diabetes mellitus; Introduction: Up to 30% of type-1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) patients have co-existent thyroid autoimmunity with up to 50% of them having associated thyroid dysfunction. Routine screening for thyroid autoimmunity and dysfunction is recommended in all T1DM patients. However, this was not currently practiced in Ugandan paediatric diabetes clinics. There was also paucity of data regarding thyroid autoimmunity and dysfunction in African children and adolescents with diabetes mellitus. The objective of this study was to quantify the magnitude of thyroid autoimmunity and dysfunction in Ugandan children with TIDM. Methods: This was a cross sectional descriptive study to determine the prevalence of thyroid autoantibodies and describe thyroid function among children and adolescents aged 1-19 years with diabetes mellitus attending the paediatric diabetes clinic at Mulago National Referral Hospital, Kampala, Uganda. Following enrollment, we obtained details of clinical history and performed physical examination. Blood (plasma) was assayed to determine levels of antibodies to thyroid peroxidase (antiTPO), free thyroxine (FT4) and thyrotropin (TSH). Results: The prevalence of thyroid autoimmunity was 7.3% (5/69). All antiTPO positive subjects were post pubertal, aged between 13-17 years with females comprising 3/5 of the antiTPO positive subjects. All study subjects were clinically euthyroid; however, 7.3% (5/69) of the study subjects had subclinical hypothyroidism. Conclusion: These data strengthen the argument for routine screening of all diabetic children and adolescents for thyroid autoimmunity (particularly anti-TPO) as recommended by international guidelines. We also recommend evaluation of thyroid function in diabetic children and adolescents to minimize the risk of undiagnosed thyroid dysfunction. ER  - 
Anxiety and depression levels in prepubertal obese children: A case-control study; Introduction: Childhood obesity has become a worldwide epidemic in Western and in developing countries and has been accompanied by many serious and severe comorbidities, such as diabetes, hypertension, sleep apnea syndrome, depression, dyslipidemia, impaired glucose homeostasis, steatohepatitis, and intracranial hypertension, as well as medical concerns unique to youth, such as accelerated pubertal and skeletal development and orthopedic disorders. To date, no specific studies about the psychological assessment in pediatric obesity are present. Therefore, the aim of this study was to evaluate the putative relationship between psychological troubles and obesity in a sample of school-aged children. Materials and methods: The study population consists of 148 obese subjects (body mass index [BMI] > 95th percentile) (69 males, mean age 8.9±1.23 years) consecutively referred from clinical pediatricians to the Child and Adolescent Neuropsychiatry department at the Second University of Naples. In all subjects, weight, height, and BMI z-score were evaluated. In order to assess the anxiety levels and the presence of depressive symptoms, the Children Depression Inventory (CDI) and the Italian Self-Administered Psychiatric Scales for Children and Adolescents (SAFA) were administered. The control group consisted of 273 healthy children (129 males and 144 females) (mean age 9.1±1.8 years), enrolled in schools within the Campania region of Italy. Results: No significant differences between the two study groups were found for age (8.9±1.23 years in the obese sample and 9.1±1.8 years in the control group) (P=0.228) or sex (ratio male/female: 69/79 in the obese group versus 129/144 in the control group) (P=0.983). Obviously, significant difference was found for the BMI z–score (2.46±0.31 in the obese group vs 0.73±0.51 in the control group) (P < 0.001). The obese subjects showed significant higher level of depressive symptoms (CDI total score) (16.82±7.73 vs 8.2±2.9) (P < 0.001) and anxiety (SAFA – Anxiety [SAFA-A]) scale score (58.71±11.84 vs 27.75±11.5) (P < 0.001) compared with the control group. Moreover, the Pearson’s correlation analysis showed a significantly positive relationship between the BMI z-score and both the CDI (r=0.677; P < 0.001) and SAFA-A scores (r=0.591; P < 0.001). Conclusion: Our findings highlighted the importance of assessing the presence of internalizing problems, such as anxiety and depression, in the common management of childhood obesity. ER  - 
Waist-to-height ratio, inflammation and CVD risk in obese children; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the association between waist-to-height ratio (WHtR) and specific biomarkers of inflammation, CVD risk and endothelial dysfunction in prepubertal obese children. DESIGN: Prospective, multicentre case-control study matched by age and sex. SETTING: Children were recruited between May 2007 and May 2010 from primary-care centres and schools in three cities in Spain (Cordoba, Santiago de Compostela and Zaragoza). SUBJECTS: Four hundred and forty-six (223 normal weight and 223 obese) Caucasian prepubertal children aged 6-12 years. RESULTS: WHtR was higher in the obese than in the normal-weight children. Blood pressure, waist circumference, weight, height, insulin, plasma lipids, leptin, resistin, abnormal neutrophil and monocyte counts, C-reactive protein, IL-6, IL-8, TNF-α, myeloperoxidase, soluble intercellular adhesion molecule-1, selectin and plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 levels were higher in the obese than in the normal-weight group. Adiponectin and HDL-cholesterol were lower and glucose and metalloproteinase-9 showed no differences. Resistin, TNF-α and active plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 were associated with WHtR, a sensitive indicator of central obesity. CONCLUSIONS: Our results lead to the hypothesis that changes in biomarker levels of insulin resistance, inflammation and CVD risk before puberty might induce metabolic consequences of obesity in obese children before reaching adulthood. ER  - 
High prevalence of cardiometabolic risk factors in Hispanic adolescents: correlations with adipocytokines and markers of inflammation; This study assessed the association of cardiometabolic risk factors with systemic inflammation, insulin resistance, and adypocytokines in a Hispanic adolescent subgroup. A clinic-based sample of 101 Puerto Rican adolescents, 48 of whom were overweight or obese based on body mass index percentiles for age and sex, was recruited during 2010. Data were collected through interviews, blood pressure and anthropometric measurements, and blood drawing. Overall prevalence of the metabolic syndrome was 16.8 % and increased to 37.5 % among overweight/obese youth. The overweight/obese group exhibited significantly (p < 0.05) higher values for abdominal obesity measures, systolic blood pressure, triglycerides, insulin resistance, C peptide, high-sensitivity C reactive protein, fibrinogen, leptin, and IL-6 and lower levels of high density lipoprotein cholesterol, adiponectin, and IGF-1. Total adiponectin significantly correlated with most cardiovascular risk factors independent of sex, Tanner stage, and adiposity. Altered cardiometabolic and adipocytokine profiles were present in this Hispanic subgroup, reinforcing the need to strengthen strategies addressing childhood obesity. ER  - 
Endocrine and metabolic consequences of low weight at birth; About 3% of human fetuses are born small for gestational age (SGA). More than 90% of those SGA infants catch-up growth and normalise their body size by the age of 2 yr. Longitudinal studies have disclosed that SGA-catch-up children tend to become hyperinsulinemic, viscerally adipose and to show an abnormal adipokine profile by 4-6 years of age, even if not obese. Between 6 and 8 years, their circulating levels of sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG) start to be low, and those of dehydroepiandrosterone-sulphate (DHEAS) start to be high; in girls, precocious pubarche (pubic hair < 8 yr) may emerge as clinical marker. A mismatch between early adipogenesis and later lipogenesis, accounting for lipotoxicity, dys-adipokinemia and insulin resistance, seems to encompass this sequence; postnatal overweight amplify these risks. Beyond the age of 8 years, such SGA children tend to experience an early onset of puberty with rapid progression, that may lead to a lower adult stature; low birthweight girls with precocious pubarche are also at increased risk for developing hyperinsulinemic androgen excess in adolescence. In these girls, insulin sensitisation with metformin started in prepuberty and maintained throughout puberty appears to decrease visceral and hepatic adiposity, and to have normalising effects on serum insulin, lipids, leptin and adipokines, on the tempo of puberty, on final stature, and on the prevalence of androgen excess in adolescence. ER  - 
Clinical relevance of gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase in childhood obesity; Background and aims Metabolic risk leads to severe comorbidities in obesity. We evaluate the relationship between the values of gamma-glutamyl trans peptidase (GGT), a marker of hepatic involvement, and cardio metabolic risk factors in obese children Methods A prospective cross-sectional study of 147 children (aged 7 to 16 years) was carried out. Ninety-five children were obese with a body mass index standard deviation score (SDS-BMI) >2 and 52 children were normal weight. Patients with endocrine disease or syndromic obesity were excluded. We have analysed clinical parameters of adiposity (fat mass by bioelectrical impedance, waist and hip circumference), blood pressure, and classical biochemical parameters indicative of metabolic risk (lipid profile, glucose and insulin). Additionally, novel parameters related to metabolic risk such as uric acid, retinol binding protein (RBP4), cystatinC, homocysteine, thyrotropin, ultrasensitive C-reactive protein (CRP) and GGTwere also determined. Statistical analysis was made ANCOVA test and Pearson partial correlation adjusting for gender, age, Tanner stage, and BMI Results GGT was higher in the children with SDS-BMI >4 with respect children with SDS-BMI between 2 and 4(16.3 ± 5.8 vs 18.4 ± 8.8 IU/L, p = 0.025). Both groups were statistically significant with respect normal weight (12.2 ± 2.9 IU/L, p < 0.0001 and p < 0.001 respectively). GGT was correlated with SDS-BMI (p < 0.0001), waist circumference (p < 0.001), percentage of fat mass (p < 0.01), SDS of systolic blood pressure (p < 0.010), total cholesterol (p < 0.0001), LDL cholesterol (p < 0.0001), triglycerides (p < 0.0001), RBP4 (p < 0.047), thyrotropin (p < 0.019) and CRP (p < 0.044) Conclusion GGT is a marker associated with several metabolic risk factors, which highlights the importance of considering hepatic impairment as a component of this syndrome. ER  - 
Adiposity and adipokines are associated with insulin resistance in pediatric systemic lupus erythematosus; Background/Purpose: Traditional risk factors for cardiovascular disease do not fully account for the increase in atherosclerosis in SLE. Insulin resistance (IR) and other metabolic derangements are considered a harbinger of cardiovascular disease Specific factors related to SLE including immune dysregulation and chronic inflammation are also important and may, in part, be mediated by adipocytokines. The relationship between body composition and cardiometabolic risk factors is not well characterized in children with chronic illness including pediatric SLE. The study's objective was to evaluate the association of body composition measures, inflammation, and insulin resistance a cohort of pediatric SLE. Methods: This cross sectional study examined metabolic parameters, including adiponectin, leptin and hsCRP, and body composition, using dual x-ray absorptiometry to measure whole body lean and fat mass, in 33 children with SLE and 27 healthy controls. All SLE subjects met ACR criteria for diagnosis. Sex- specific BMI z scores (BMIZ), fat mass index (FMIZ) and lean mass index z scores (LMIZ) relative to age were calculated using national reference data. Multi-variable linear regression was used to determine the relationship of IR and SLE and predictors of IR within the SLE subjects. Results: FMIZ (0.5 vs -0.6; p=0.001) was significantly greater in SLE, with no difference in LMIZ. High sensitivity-c reactive protein (hs-CRP) (4.4 vs 1.1; p=0.04), homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) (6.4 vs 3.5; p=0.006), measured leptin (40.8 vs 12.9; p=0.0001), and leptin/kg of body fat (1.5 vs 0.7; p<0.001) were significantly greater in SLE. While there was no difference in measured adiponectin, the adiponectin/leptin ratio was greater in controls compared to SLE (2.7 vs 1.1; p=0.03). After adjustment for age, gender, ethnicity and tanner stage, hs-CRP (β=3.9 (1.3-6.4); p=0.004) was significantly associated with IR in SLE. FMIZ (β=1.1 (0.2-2.1); p=0.02), was the significant body composition measure, and leptin/kg of body fat (β=2.3 (0.2-4.4); p=0.03), the most significant metabolic parameter, associated with IR in SLE. Cumulative prednisone dose was not associated with IR. Conclusion: In this cohort, SLE subjects demonstrated cardiometabolic risk factors with elevated leptin and leptin/kg of body fat and decreased adiponectin/leptin ratio. IR was more common in SLE with adiposity, leptin, and inflammation as the crucial determinants of this association. Further studies are needed to evaluate the use of adipocytokines as biomarkers of cardiovascular disease in this vulnerable population. ER  - 
Androgen receptor cag repeat length in relation to phenotype among females with nonclassical 21-hydroxylase deficiency; Nonclassical 21-hydroxylase deficiency (NC21OHD) manifests with various degrees of post natal virilization. The length of CAG repeats of the androgen receptor gene (AR) is inversely correlated to activity of the human androgen receptor (AR) and affects phenotype of several androgen-dependent disorders. The aim of the study was to investigate the associations between CAG repeat length and the phenotype of females with NC21OHD. CAG repeat length and AR inactivation were assessed in females with NC21OHD, and related to their clinical presentation. CAG repeat length and AR inactivation were assessed in 119 females with NC21OHD. Biallelic mean (BAM) of the CAG repeat length and the weighted BAM (WBAM) were related to various clinical parameters. Age at diagnosis and age of menarche positively correlated with BAM (r=0.22, p=0.02, and r=0.23, p=0.01, respectively). A shorter (<25) BAM was associated with younger age at diagnosis (14.8 vs. 21.4 years, p<0.01), at adrenarche (8.1 vs. 10.2 years, p<0.01) and gonadarche (9.9 vs. 11.2 years, p<0.01), and higher corrected height standard deviation score at diagnosis (0.77 vs. 0.15, p=0.01). Precocious pubarche and precocious puberty were more frequent in these with the shorter BAM. Results of WBAM were similar. The CAG repeat length of the AR gene contributes to the clinical diversity of the phenotype in females with NC21OHD. ER  - 
Association between decreased klotho blood levels and organic growth hormone deficiency in children with growth impairment; Objective: Klotho is an aging-modulating protein expressed mainly in the kidneys and choroid plexus, which can also be shed, released into the circulation and act as a hormone. Klotho deficient mice are smaller compared to their wild-type counterparts and their somatotropes show marked atrophy and reduced number of secretory granules. Recent data also indicated an association between klotho levels and growth hormone (GH) levels in acromegaly. We aimed to study the association between klotho levels and GH deficiency (GHD) in children with growth impairment. Design: Prospective study comprising 99 children and adolescents (aged 9.0±3.7 years, 49 male) undergoing GH stimulation tests for short stature (height-SDS = -2.1±0.6). Klotho serum levels were measured using an α-klotho ELISA kit. Results: Klotho levels were significantly lower (p<0.001) among children with organic GHD (n = 11, 727±273 pg/ml) compared to both GH sufficient participants (n = 59, 1497±754 pg/ml) and those with idiopathic GHD (n = 29, 1645±778 pg/ml). The difference between GHS children and children with idiopathic GHD was not significant. Klotho levels positively correlated with IGF-1- standard deviation scores (SDS) (R = 0.45, p<0.001), but were not associated with gender, pubertal status, age or anthropometric measurements. Conclusions: We have shown, for the first time, an association between low serum klotho levels and organic GHD. If validated by additional studies, serum klotho may serve as novel biomarker of organic GHD. ER  - 
Thyroid function in obese children with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease; Objective: To investigate the relationships between thyroid function and metabolic risk factors in obese adolescents with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Methods: One hundred sixty obese adolescents and 40 control subjects were enrolled in the study. The obese subjects were divided into two groups based on presence or absence of liver steatosis (NAFLD group and non-NAFLD group). Serum samples were assayed for glucose, insulin, cholesterol, alanine aminotransferase, aspartate aminotransferase, free thyroxine (fT4), free triiodothyronine (fT3) and thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH). The ratio of fT3 to fT4 was evaluated as an indirect index of deiodinase activity. Insulin resistance was evaluated by homeostasis model assessment (HOMA-IR) from fasting samples. Results: NAFLD and non-NAFLD groups had slightly higher fasting blood glucose values than the control group. Fasting insulin levels in the NAFLD group were significantly higher than those in the non-NAFLD and control groups. The NAFLD group had significantly greater HOMA-IR values compared with the non-NAFLD group and also with the control group. The NAFLD group had significantly higher fT3/fT4 ratio values compared to both non-NAFLD and control groups. fT3/fT4 was positively correlated with serum insulin levels in the NAFLD group. Conclusion: This study showed that obese adolescents with hepatosteatosis had elevated values for fT3/fT4 ratio. This finding suggested a high conversion of T4 to T3 due to increased deiodinase activity as a compensatory mechanism for fat accumulation. ER  - 
Age at menarche, glycaemic control, cardiovascular risk factors and chronic complications in women with type 1 diabetes: A nationwide survey in Brazil; Background and aims: Puberty is an early life event that may have several relations to later life diseases risk and is an event that is usually well recalled by adult women being a reliable measure of pubertal initiation. Earlier age at menarche onset has been associated with several adverse outcomes, such as type 2 diabetes, obesity, cardiovascular diseases, metabolic syndrome and all causes mortality, showing that the timing of pubertal development may have lifelong effects on a woman's health. So far many menstrual irregularities were described in women with type1 diabetes like early and delayed menarche timing, menstrual cycle irregularities and early menopause. In general a higher age at menarche is observed in women with type 1 diabetes in comparison to controls of the same population, but this difference is not significant. The influence of glycemic control upon age at menarche is still controversial. The aim of this study was to determine the relationship between age at menarche with glycemic control and cardiovascular risk factors in patients with type 1 diabetes in Brazil. Materials and methods: This was a multicenter cross-sectional study conducted between December 2008 and December 2010 in 28 public clinics in 20 cities from the four Brazilian geographic regions. Data were obtained from 1,527 female patients, 59.3% Caucasians, aged 25.1 ± 10.6 years. The diabetes duration was 11.4 ± 8.1 years. Patient information (clinical factors and age at menarche) was obtained through a questionnaire and a chart review. Age at menarche was stratified in four classes: 8 to 11 (class 1, early menarche), 12 (class 2), 13 (class 3) and 14-18 years (class 4, late menarche). Results: The mean age at menarche was 12.7 ± 1.7 years (median 13.0 years) without difference between the geographical regions of the country, economic status, level of care and ethnicity. Patients from class1 had greater BMI than patients from the other classes, p<0.001], and were more likely to be overweight or obese than patients from the other classes, [169 (31.5%) vs 152 (28.3%), vs 117 (21.8%) vs 99 (18.4%), p <0.001], respectively. BMI had an inverse correlation with age at menarche (r=-0.14, p <0.001). No significant difference was observed among the four classes of age at menarche for blood pressure, lipid profile and diabetes-related chronic complications. More patients from class 1 were using metformin in comparison to patients from class 4, 13.8% vs 7.1 % ,p=0.002, respectively. Logistic regression analysis showed that early age at menarche, [(8-11 years, (odds ratio (ORs) 1.77 [1.30-2.41,p<0.001)] and duration of diabetes [ORs 1.01 (1.00-1.03), p=0.02], were related to greater risk of patients' overweight or obesity and adherence to diet [ ORs 0.78 (0.60-0.93), p=0.01], physical activity [ORs 0.75 (0.94- 0.94),p=0.01 insulin dose (U/kg) (ORs 0.54 [0.59-0.90,p=0.001]) were related to lower risk for overweight or obesity. Conclusion: Early menarche occurred in 23.4% of Brazilian female with type 1 diabetes and was strongly associated with overweight or obesity in pubertal/ adult life which could be minimized with lifestyle changes such as better adherence to diet and physical activity. Further prospective studies must be addressed to establish the relationship between early menarche, glycemic control, cardiovascular risk factors and diabetes-related chronic complications. ER  - 
Impact of parity on glycaemic control, cardiovascular risk factors and diabetes-related chronic complications: A multicentre study in Brazil; Background and aims: Pregnancy in women with preexisting diabetes can predispose these women to some diabetes-related chronic complications or accelerate the course of these complications if they are already present. The aim of this study was to determine the impact of parity on glycemic control, cardiovascular risk factors and diabetes-related chronic complications in women with type 1 diabetes in Brazil. Materials and methods: This was a multicenter cross-sectional study conducted between December 2008 and December 2010 in 28 public clinics in 20 cities from the four Brazilian geographic regions. Data were obtained from 1,532 female patients, 59.2% Caucasian, aged 25.2 ± 10.6 years. The diabetes mean duration was 11.5 ± 8.2 years. Patient information (clinical factors and number of pregnancies) were obtained through a questionnaire and a chart review. Number of pregnancies were stratified in five groups: group 0 (no pregnancy), group 1 (one pregnancy), group 2 (two pregnancies), group 3 (three pregnancies) and group 4 (≥four pregnancies). Results: The comparison between the patients stratified according to parity showed that patients from groups 0, 1 and 2 were younger than patients from group 4 (p<0.001). Patients from groups 0 and group 1, had been diagnosed with diabetes with lower age and had less mean diabetes duration than patients from the other groups (p<0.001). The age at menarche was not different between the four groups (p=0.3). Overweight or obesity was present in 538 patients (35.1%). Patients from group 0 had lower BMI than patients from the other groups. A linear association was found between the frequency of overweight or obesity and parity (p=0.004). A difference between the five groups was observed for the mean of HbA1c without difference between-groups. A higher frequency of hypertension and higher levels of systolic and diastolic blood pressure were observed in group 4 in comparison to the other groups (p<0.01 for all comparisons). Metformin was used by 162 patients (10.6 %) and its use was related to parity (p=0.02). The number of pregnancies was related to the presence of diabetes-related chronic complications (micro and macrovascular). A lower frequency of non-proliferative and proliferative retinopathy and macrovascular complications was noted in patients from group 0 in comparison to the other groups (p<0.01). A tendency for an association between parity and nephropathy was also observed (p=0.056). Conclusion: Parity in women with type 1 diabetes is strongly associated with the presence of cardiovascular risk factors and diabetes-related chronic complications Further prospective studies must be addressed to establish the relationship between the impact of pregnancy upon starting and/or deteriorating cardiovascular risk factors and diabetes-related chronic complications. ER  - 
Relationship between age at menarche and cardiovascular risk factors in women with type 1 diabetes; Objective: To determine the relationship between age at menarche with glycemic control and cardiovascular risk factors in patients with type 1 diabetes. Methods: This was a multicenter cross-sectional study conducted between 2008 and 2010 in 28 public clinics in 20 cities from the four Brazilian regions. Data were obtained from 1,527 female patients, 59.3% Caucasian, aged 25.1 ± 10.6 years. Diabetes duration was 11.4 ± 8.1 years. Patient information was obtained through questionnaire and chart review. Age at menarche was stratified in four groups: 8 to 11 (group 1, early menarche), 12 (group 2), 13 (group 3) and 14-18 years (group 4, late menarche). Results: The mean age at menarche was 12.7 ± 1.7 years without difference among regions, economic status, level of care or ethnicity. Patients from group 1 had greater BMI than patients from the other groups (p < 0.001), and were also more likely to be overweight or obese, [169 (31.5%) vs. 152 (28.3%), vs. 117 (21.8%) vs. 99 (18.4%), p < 0.001], respectively. BMI had an inverse correlation with age at menarche (r = -0.14, p < 0.001). No significant difference was observed among the four groups of age at menarche for blood pressure, lipid profile and diabetes-related chronic complications. Logistic regression analysis showed that early age at menarche, [(8- 11 years, (odds ratio (ORs) 1.77 [1.30-2.41, p < 0.001)] and duration of diabetes [ORs 1.01 (1.00-1.03), p = 0.02], were related to greater risk of patients overweight or obesity; adherence to diet [ ORs 0.78 (0.60-0.93), p = 0.01], physical activity [ORs 0.75 (0.94-0.94), p = 0.01, and lower insulin dose (U/kg) (ORs 0.54 [0.59-0.90, p = 0.001]) were related to lower risk for overweight or obesity. Conclusions: Early menarche occurred in 23.4% of women with type 1 diabetes and was strongly associated with overweight or obesity in pubertal/adult life. This association could be minimized with lifestyle changes, such as better adherence to diet and physical activity. ER  - 
Statural growth in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus and celiac disease; Objective: To study the impact of type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) and celiac disease (CD) association (TD1M - CD) on linear growth. Study design: In this longitudinal study, statural growth of TD1M - CD patients was assessed. in all children, T1DM was diagnosed before 15 years of age, and all were followed-up from the onset of diabetes until 18 years age at least. statural growth of TD1M -CD was studied in comparison with matched and not associated CD patients, not associated T1DM patients, and controls (from Sempé and Pédron growth curves). Results: Overall 163 TD1M -CD were studied (78 boys, 85 girls) with a mean age of 8.77 ± 3.9 years at diabetes, and 12.82 ± 4.65 years at CD diagnosis. The mean height at diabetes was -1.10 ± 1.47 SDS in boys, and - 0.98 ± 1.37 SDS in girls. The mean height at CD diagnostic was -2.58 ± 1.54 SDS in boys, and - 2.15 ± 1.31 SDS in girls. The study of the mean height velocity showed absence of pubertal-peak in TD1M -CD subjects. At 18 years, mean height in T1DM-CD boys was -2.92 ± 1.85 SDS (not associated T1DM: -0.86 ± 1.09 SDS, p < 0.001), (not associated CD: -0.99 ± 1.21 SDS, p < 0.001). At 18 years, mean height in T1DM-CD girls was -2.22 ± 1.54 SDS (not associated T1DM: -0.68 ± 1.10 SDS, p < 0.001 vs. T1DM-CD), (not associated CD: -1.25 ± 1, 02 SDS, p < 0.001 vs. T1DM-CD). Conclusion: Subject to the same conditions of care than isolated T1DM and CD, our TD1M -CD patients have shown a significantly impaired growth particularly during puberty, clearly demonstrating the repercussion of T1DM-CD association on final height. ER  - 
Renal injury biomarkers in type 1 diabetic children and adolescents; Introduction: Diabetic nephropathy (ND) is the main cause of end stage renal disease and early detection is crucial to prevent its progression. Classical markers of renal compromise (microalbuminuria (MA), urine albumin to creatinine rate (ACR), plasmatic creatinine (plCr), glomerular filtration rate (GFR) are late markers. Renal Injury Biomarkers (RIB) are small proteins that shows early tubular damage and it has been reported as useful markers in acute and chronic renal injury. Objective: To measure urine RIB including neutrophil gelatinaseassociated lipocalin (NGAL), Nuclear Factor Of Activated T-Cells 5 (NFAT5) and hypoxic inducible factor 1-alpha (HIF1-a) in urine of T1D and control group and correlate this finding with classical markers of DN and metabolic control. Method: 42 T1D patients and 15 controls (13.0 ± 2.5 years) are included in this prospective cross-sectional study. Blood sample was obtained to measure MA, ACR, plCR, HbA1c in T1D patients and urine sample in T1D and controls. Urine was cetrifugated and ultracentrifugated to obtain supernatant (S) and exosomal (E) fraction. NGAL, NFAT5 and HIF1-a were quantified by Western Blot. Pearson correlation was done between clinical and lab parameters. Results: NGAL was detected in E fraction (4,813.53 ± 6,936.9 Arbitrary Units) and S fraction (1,180 ± 2,977.6 AU) of T1D patients but not in any control. There was a positive correlation between NGAL and microalbuminuria (r = 0.34, p = 0.05), ACR (r = 0.39, p = 0.02), tanner Stage (r = 0.4, p = 0.01) and mean HbA1c in the last year (r = 0.34, p = 0.05). NFAT5 and HIF1-a was not detected neither T1D nor controls. Conclusions: NGAL could be a useful biomarker in early onset of renal injury in T1D children, this supports the hypothesis of tubular damage preceding glomerular damage whose marker is microalbuminuria. ER  - 
Polycystic ovary syndrome and hyperandrogenism in type 1 diabetes: Adolescent girls are already at risk; Background: Although it has been described that adult women with Type 1 Diabetes (T1D) have a high prevalence of Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS), and that it can initiate during puberty, there are no reports in the literature about the prevalence of PCOS exclusively in adolescents with T1D. Objective: The present study has the objective of determining the prevalence of PCOS in adolescents with T1D, and evaluating the diagnostic criteria in this age group. Methods: We evaluated 22 T1D patients, with chronological age (CA) between 12 and 20 years. Antecedents of menarche and menstrual cycles were obtained through a structured questionnaire, and the clinical signs of hyperandrogenism through physical examination. We performed, in all cohort, biochemical exams (androstenedione, testosterone and DHEA sulfate) and ovarian ultrasonography. PCOS diagnosiswas defined by Rotterdam criteria. Results: From the 22 patients (CA = 16.7 ± 2.2 years), 5 (22.7%) fulfilled criteria to PCOS and 17 (77.3%) were classified as NONPCOS. Hirsutism was found in 60% (3/5) of those PCOS and in 5.8% (1/17) of the NON-PCOS. Lab hyperandrogenism was found in 6/22 patients, 2/5 from the PCOS-Group. Ultrasonographic alterations compatible with PCO Morphology (PCOM) were found in 100% of the PCOS patients, and in none from the NON-PCOS Conclusions: To our knowledge, this is the first study that evaluates the association, exclusively in adolescents, between T1D and PCOS. We found a high prevalence of PCOS, similar to what is described in adult patients with T1D. Our results suggests, besides, that clinical data (hirsutism or oligomenorrhea), associated to typical features of ovarian US (performed by experienced professional and with strict criteria), independently of biochemical results, could detect precociously all cases of PCOS. Diagnosis of PCOS in this early phase could lead to specific treatments and avoid the progression of the disease and late consequences in adult life. ER  - 
Association between glycemic control and clinic visits in type 1 diabetes patients-a tertiary center experience; Background: ISPAD guidelines recommend that type 1 diabetes (T1D) patients visit the multidisciplinary clinic every 3-4 months as part of ongoing outpatient care consultations. Objectives: (1) To determine the association between the number of annual clinic visits and glycemic control (HbA1c) (2) To assess the influence of socio-demographic and diabetesrelated parameters on clinic attendance (number of visits & rate) and glycemic control. Research design and methods: Historical cohort study of 528 T1D patients followed during 2011 at a single tertiary diabetes center were divided into pediatric cohort [(age ≤19 years, n = 267 (50.5% males)] and young adult cohort [(age >19 years, n = 261 (54.4% males)] and sub-divided according to number of clinic visits (1-2, 3- 4). Attendance rate was calculated (number of clinic visits/number of scheduled appointments). Results: In the pediatric cohort (mean age 13.6 ± 3.5 years, 22.5% pre-pubertal), patients with 3-4 vs. 1-2 clinic visits were characterized by: younger age (p = 0.032), younger age at diagnosis (p = 0.006), closer proximity to the clinic (p = 0.026) and higher attendance rate (p < 0.001). In the young adult cohort (mean age 23.6 ± 3.5 years), patients with 3-4 vs. 1-2 clinic visits were characterized by: younger age (p = 0.011), higher unemployment rate (p = 0.014) and a higher attendance rate (p < 0.001). In both the pediatric and the young adult cohorts a significant correlation was found between lower HbA1c and higher attendance rate (R = -0.280, p < 0.001 and R = -0.211, p = 0.001 respectively). Conclusions: Our findings suggest that the number of clinic visits is influenced by socio-demographic parameters. The attendance rate, rather than the number of clinic visits, is the key factor in attainment of better glycemic control. ER  - 
Natural course of impaired glucose tolerance in obese children; Obesity in childhood is associated to several cardiovascular risk factors summarized in the definition of metabolic syndrome such as hypertension, dyslipidemia and impaired glucose tolerance. Besides others, the pathogenetic background is insulin resistance, which deteriorates in mid puberty and normalizes at end of puberty. Accordingly, blood pressure, lipids, fasting glucose and 2 h glucose in oGTT increased from prepubertal stage to pubertal stage and decreased from pubertal stage to postpubertal stage as demonstrated in a longitudinal study of 287 untreated obese children of our obesity cohort. Re-evaluating 128 obese children with impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) and without intervention demonstrated that even degree of overweight remained stable 5 years after baseline only 2% of the children suffered from type 2 diabetes (T2DM) at this timepoint, 16% of children remained in IGT state and 75% of children showed a normal glucose tolerance test, while 7% got lost to follow-up. In another 1-year follow-up study of 79 untreated obese children with IGT, 66% converted to normal glucose tolerance, while 32% remained IGT and one child was diagnosed with T2DM. Predictive factors for normalization of IGT were lower weight, HbA1c and 2 h glucose levels in oGTT, as well as late pubertal stage at baseline. However, the long-term outcome of obese pubertal children with IGT after 10-20 years is unknown and they may be prone to develop T2DM at this age. Due to the normalization of insulin resistance associated comorbidity in obese children moving from pubertal to postpubertal stage the necessity of a drug treatment such as metformin is questionable especially in obese pubertal children with only slightly elevated 2 h glucose levels in oGTT. Moreover, all studies dealing with drug treatment in this age group must have an untreated control group to account for the normalization of insulin resistance at the end of puberty. ER  - 
Gene expression networks associated with changes in serum markers of metabolism and growth in GH-treated children with GH deficiency; Introduction: Growth promoting effects of GH occur in parallel with its impact on insulin sensitivity and lipid metabolism; underlying biological networks that link these actions are not defined. Our objective was to identify gene expression (GE) networks linking growth with metabolic responses in GH-treated children with GHD. Methods/design: Pre-pubertal children withGHDeficiencyGHD(n=125) were enrolled from the PREDICT short-term (NCT00256126) and long-term follow-up prospective studies (NCT00699855). Whole blood GE was determined prior to treatment with GH. Associations were identified by partial correlation between height velocity after 1 year (HV1) and serum biomarker levels (change over 1 month of treatment in IGF1, insulin (Ins), HOMA-IR and triglycerides). GE was correlated with biomarkers using rank regression, and overlap in GE profiles between these markers was used to build network clusters from which a priority list of biological functions was generated (Moduland algorithm1 and hypergeometric test). Results: Correlations between the following parameters (HV1 or 1-month change in biomarker levels) were observed: i) HV1 with IGF1; ii) IGF1 with Ins and HOMA-IR; iii) triglycerides with Ins and HOMA-IR (all P<0.05). The GE profile related to each correlation was defined. The GE common to HV1/IGF1 to IGF1/Ins/HOMA-IR included seven genes: C1orf21, SPTBN1, IQCH, LINC00667, SFSWAP, SLC39A8, and UGGT2 (all P<0.05). C1orf21, SPTBN1, and IQCH have been associated with adult height, IQCH with age at menarche, and all except LINC00667 with diabetes and obesity. Two (C1orf21 (associated with cell proliferation) and SPTBN1 (associated with organization of organelles)) were also represented in the GE overlap between triglycerides/Ins/HOMA-IR (P<0.05). GE network clusters indicated that cell cycle and adipogenesis pathways were the closest correlated functions (P<0.001). Conclusions: This study identified distinct biological pathways and potential genomic markers that link growth and metabolic responses to r-hGH therapy in GHD children. ER  - 
In search for new monogenic diabetes genes: PCBD1; Background: Mutations in more than 20 genes are described to cause monogenic diabetes. Nevertheless, numerous families with diabetes of unknown ethology and suspected genetic defect have no molecular diagnosis. This not only impedes our understanding of disease mechanisms but also prevents from predicting the clinical course of the patients and applying the pathogenesis-oriented treatment. Objective: To identify novel gene(s), causing monogenic adolescent-onset diabetes. Methods: Whole-genome sequencing (WGS), linkage analysis, Sanger sequencing, systematic recall of the patients present in BIODEF (International Database of Tetrahydrobiopterin Deficiencies) and gene expression studies in frog and mouse embryos and mouse insulinoma cell line were applied to identify, validate and characterize the novel disease-causing gene. Results: We identified a novel frameshift deletion in PCBD1 (pterin-4 alphacarbinolamine dehydratase/dimerization cofactor of hepatocyte nuclear factor 1 alpha), a gene that has recently been suggested as a possible cause of diabetes. Subsequent reexamination of the patients with mild transient neonatal hyperphenylalaninemia due to homozygous mutations in PCBD1 included in the BIODEF database revealed three additional cases that developed HNF1Alike diabetes in puberty, indicating an early pancreatic beta cell failure. We found that Pcbd1 was not only expressed in the developing pancreas of both Xenopus and mouse embryos, but was enriched in endocrine progenitors and colocalized with insulin, too. Notably, gene knockdown approach in Xenopus showed that early pancreatic fate specification was dependent on Pcbd1 activity within the endoderm. Conclusions: We provide the first genetic evidence that PCBD1 mutations cause non-autoimmune HNF1Alike adolescent-onset diabetes which can be treated with sulphonylureas instead of insulin. Moreover, patients at risk can be indicated through the newborn screening for phenylketonuria. Furthermore, our findings suggest Pcbd1 role in the pancreatic progenitor pool establishment during embryogenesis, which might lead to reduced pancreatic beta cell mass in the adult. ER  - 
The relationship of serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D with glucose homeostasis in obese children and adolescents in Zhejiang, China; Background: Evidence of the association between vitamin D, insulin resistance and oral disposition index (oDI) in obese children and adolescents is limited. Objective and hypotheses: We investigated serum 25(OH)D levels in obese children and adolescents in Zhejiang, China, and determined the relationship between serum 25(OH)D and glucose metabolism. Method: A cross-sectional design was used. All together 348 obese and 445 non-obese children and adolescents (aged from 6 to 16 years old) were enrolled in this study. Obese children were divided into four subgroups: normal glucose tolerance (NGT), isolated impaired fasting glucose (IFG), isolated impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), combined IFG and ITG (IFGCITG) according to the oral glucose tolerance test. We measured serum 25(OH)D levels and calculated the homeostasis model of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), the whole body insulin sensitivity index (WBISI), the product of β-cell function and insulin sensitivity by the disposition index (DI). Results: The levels of 25(OH)D in obese group were significantly lower than those of non-obese group; serum 25(OH)D level in obese with NGT group was higher than that of the other three subgroups, and it was significantly inversed with LogHOMA-IR (r=-0.114, P=0.035), positively correlated with LogWBISI, LogHOMA0DI after control for age, sex, season, puberty stage (r=0.111, P=0.040; r=0.122, P=0.024). Obese patients with vitamin D deficiency have a significantly higher risk of disturbing the glucose metabolism, such as IFG, ITG, IFG plus ITG, either IFG or ITG, for its OR 3.198 (95%CI 1.467-6.97), 5.443 (95%CI 1.863-15.897), 5.560 (95%CI 1.212-25.502), 4.007 (95%CI 2.017-7.962). Conclusion: 25(OH)D deficiencies or insufficiency are common in obese children and adolescents in Zhejiang, China. Obese patients with 25(OH)D deficiency (<30 nmol/l) are at higher risk for abnormal glucose metabolism. ER  - 
Final height and safety outcomes in GH-treated children with short stature homeobox-containing gene (SHOX) deficiency: Experience from a large, multinational, and prospective observational study; Background: To date, one randomized, controlled, clinical trial (RCCT) demonstrated that GH-treated patients with SHOX deficiency (SHOX-D) had GH-mediated height gain comparable to that of girls with Turner syndrome (TS). No new safety concerns were identified, but the study was limited by small sample size. Objective and hypotheses: To examine long-term outcomes in patients treated in standard clinical practice, we assessed final height (FH) and safety outcomes in GH-treated patients diagnosed with SHOX-D using data collected in a multinational observational study (Genetics and Neuroendocrinology of Short Stature International Study (GeNeSIS)). Method: At time of analysis, 444 GH-treated patients with SHOX-D (59% girls), diagnosed by genetic analysis and/or investigator assessment, had baseline height available. FH (defined by one or more of the following: closed epiphyses, height velocity <2 cm/year, last bone age >14 years in girls/>16 years in boys) was available for 85 patients (72% girls). Results: Mean±S.D. baseline age was 9.4±3.1 years, and height SDS was-2.4±0.8. Initial GH dose was 0.30±0.10 mg/kg per week, increasing at FH by<10%. FH at age of 15.5±1.5 years and after 4.2±2.3 years of GH treatment was -1.6±1.1 SDS; height gain from baseline was 0.9±1.0 SDS. Of 434 patients with SHOX-D and R1 follow-up visit (2.9±1.8 years follow-up), ≥1 adverse event was reported for 89 (21%) compared with 5214/18 929 (28%) for GeNeSIS overall and 710/1663 (43%) for TS. Adverse events reported for R1% of patients with SHOX-D were precocious puberty (3%), arthralgia (3%), hypothyroidism (1%), back pain (1%), and headache (1%). One death was reported, but no cases of malignancy or diabetes. IGF1 SDS was -1.8±2.7 at baseline, increased to 1.2±1.8 at 3 years of follow-up, and was >+2 S.D. for 26% of patients at ≥1 follow-up visit. Conclusion: In conclusion, 'real-world' data from a large cohort of GH-treated patients with SHOX-D support the RCCT findings, with significant height gain to FH and no additional safety concerns. ER  - 
Pubertal and adrenal hormones in monozygotic twins with intra-twin birth-weight difference; Background: Low birth weight, unfavourable intrauterine conditions, and post-natal catch-up growth are associated with a subsequent impact on growth, pubertal development, and metabolic disturbances later in life. Although the start of puberty is genetically determined it might be altered due to environmental influences. Objectives: In a longitudinal study (birth to final height) we observed growth and pubertal development of genetically identical twins born with a significant intra-twin birth-weight (bw) difference. Patients/method: 30 pairs of monozygotic twins with intra-twin bw-differences were seen at birth, at a mean of 2.8, 9.8, and 14.6 years. We defined concordant: bw-difference <1 SDS (n=14), discordant: bw-difference >1 SDS (n=16). Fasting blood sampling was performed at the mean age of 9.8 (prepubertal) and 14.6 years (during puberty). Results: In the majority (67%) of the twin-pairs the former smaller twin started puberty earlier and progressed more rapidly through puberty than the co-twin. The difference was most pronounced in the discordant twins. At 9.8 years a significant intra-twin difference (P<0.01) was observed for DHEAS: mean DHEAS: 895 vs 1036 ng/ml in the former smaller co-twin. A similar - although not significant - difference was observed for androstendione (0.43 vs 0.72 ng/ml). At 14.6 years a significant difference was only found for those with discordant bw (1825 vs 2119 ng/ml, P<0.05). A highly significant intra-twin correlation was found for sexual steroids during puberty (correlation-coefficient for testosterone: 0.9, P<0.001). However, neither prepubertal nor during puberty significant intra-twin differences were observed for gonadotropins, estradiol, and testosterone. Conclusion: The high intra-twin correlation coefficient confirms that puberty and sexual steroids are genetically determined. However, the increased adrenal androgen secretion of the smaller twin during late childhood could have effects on rate of maturation and puberty. This could further impair final height and increase the risk for the polycystic ovary syndrome and insulin resistance. ER  - 
Treated and untreated women with idiopathic precocious puberty: Long-termgeneral health status and metabolic outcome between third and fifth decades; Context: Central precocious puberty (CPP), treated or untreated, may have clinical implications in adulthood. Objective: To assess the general health status and metabolic outcome of former CPP women between the third and fifth decades of life. Design: Case-control study of an historical cohort using the computerized database of a health management organization. Participants: Study group - 148 CPP women aged 26-49 years (104 GnRH-analog (GnRHa)-treated; 44 untreated). Control group - 446 women randomly matched for age, year of birth, and community clinic (293 for the GnRHatreated; 130 for the untreated). Methods: Extracted from the database were demographic data, medical history and medications dispensed, recorded anthropometric measurements and vital signs and laboratory data. Outcome Measures: Prevalence of obesity (BMI ≥30), hypertension, hyperlipidemia, diabetes, osteoporosis, and cancer. Results: The mean current age of the GnRHa-treated and untreated CPP women was 31.5±3.1 and 35.4±4.9 years respectively. The prevalence of obesity, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, and diabetes were similar in the former-CPP women and their controls: GnRHa-treated vs controls (13.9 vs 8.5; 1.9 vs 1; 10.6 vs 10.9; and 1.9 vs 1.7 respectively) and untreated vs controls (19.0 vs 20.0; 2.3 vs 3.1; 18.2 vs 20.8; and 6.8 vs 1.5% respectively), with no significant difference between CPP groups. Osteoporosis was not documented in the former-CPP women. Malignancy rate was low (<5%) and similar in both former-CPP and their controls, with no report of breast cancer among the former-CPP women. Conclusion: CPP (treated or untreated) is not associated with increased risk of metabolic derangements or malignancy rate in early and mid-adulthood. Health status of former-CPP women is comparable to that of the general population. ER  - 
Serum level of osteoprotegerin and total sRANKL in adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus; Background: There is still small clinical data regarding the influence of IDDM on bone structure, density and biochemical markers of bone turnover. Objective and hypotheses: To evaluate the potential role of OPG/sRANKL system in adolescents with IDDM and the influence of age, sex, metabolic control, diabetes duration and age of onset. Method: Serum concentration of OPG and total sRANKL in 60 children (25 boys and 33 girls) with IDDM since 5.09 years±3.95 (1.0-11.8), aged 15.03±1.95 (11.4-17.8), age of diagnosis IDDM 9.98±3.90 (2.5-17.0), HbA1c in last year-7.8±1.7 (5.1-13.6). Control group consists of 17 age and sex matched healthy children. OPG and total sRANKL (free and bound) were measured by EIA and ELISA commercial kits respectively. Results: Both serum OPG, tsRANKL and OPG/ tsRANKL ratio were insignificantly lower in diabetic children. OPG concentration in IDDM boys was significantly lower than in control group of boys. Negative correlation was observed between OPG concentration and the age of onset of diabetes and positive with diabetes duration. There was no influence of age and tendency to positive correlation with metabolic control. Statistical analysis across tertiles showed that higher levels of OPG (third and/or second vs first tertiles) was associated with the earlier age of diagnosis, longer diabetes duration and poor metabolic control. tsRANKL did not correlate with sex, metabolic control, diabetes duration and age of onset. However, a negative correlation between serum tsRANKL and age was observed. The OPG/ tsRANKL ratio values depend only on the age of IDDM children (positive correlation). There were no correlations with sex, metabolic control, diabetes duration and age of onset. Conclusion: OPG/tsRANKL system may be use as prediction marker of bone and cardiovascular system status in children and adolescents with IDDM but precise reference data for children considering age, sex and puberty status should be determined first. ER  - 
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in children/ adolescent affected by prader-willi syndrome; Background: Prader-Willi syndrome (PWS) has a relative hypoinsulinemia and a lower insulin resistance than non-PWS subjects. Mostly on the basis of such higher insulin sensitivity, PWS subjects have been hypothesized to be at lower risk of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Objective and hypotheses: In this cross-sectional study, we analyzed the presence and the severity of NAFLD in a group of PWS children compared to matched pairs. Method: Twenty-two PWS patients (eight males, mean age 12.4±2.4 years, Tanner 2.2±1.3; BMI- SDS 3.7±2.2) were compared to a control group (CNT) of a one to one age (12.0±2.5 years), sex (eight males), pubertal status (Tanner 2.4±1.7), and BMI-SDS (3.1±1.5) matched pairs. All patients underwent standard oral glucose tolerance test, liver ultrasonography (US) and body composition by DEXA scan (free fat mass (FFM); total fat mass (FM); trunk fat mass (TFM) as percentage of body weight). NAFLD was established by a validated method of US grading (ranged G0=no NAFLD-G3=moderate NAFLD) Results: A not significant lower HOMA-IR and insulin were found in PWS compared to CNT (3.1±2.0 vs 6.4±8.4 and 17.4±.6 vs 32.1±44.8 respectively). No difference of insulin sensitivity index and body composition were detected between the two groups. The grading of NAFLD showed a higher percentage of PWS at G0 (28.3 vs 6.3% of CNT; P>0.05) and lower at G1 and G2 (47.6 vs 56.3 and 19.1 vs 31.3% respectively; P<0.05). Univariate analysis showed a positive correlation in PWS between NAFLD grading and BMI-SDS (r=0.644), FM (r=0. 667), and negative with FFM (r=-0.673), FFM/FM (r=-0.655) while in CNT no correlation were found. When inserted in a regression model, adjusted also for GH therapy we did not find any correlation. Conclusion: Our data seems to support the hypothesis that PWS children were protected by NAFLD compared to CNT. BMI and metabolic parameters, and GH therapy, did not seem to have influence on NAFLD developing. ER  - 
Final height SDS gain of GH treated children with SHOX deficiency describing observational and clinical trial data; Background: Patients with mutations of the short-staturehomeobox- containing (SHOX) gene likely have impaired growth, with or without a spectrum of skeletal anomalies consistent with mesomelic skeletal dysplasia. In a multinational clinical trial, GH has been shown to increase growth rate and final height (FH). Objective and hypotheses: The aim of this analysis was to describe FH outcome after GH treatment in an observational setting (Genetics and Neuroendocrinology of Short Stature International Study (GeNeSIS)) and in a monitored randomized clinical trial (B9R-MC-GDFN). Method: Twenty-eight prepubertal children (54% girls) with SHOX deficiency from the clinical trial and 85 children (72% girls) from GeNeSIS who had attained FH during observation were included in both analyses. Last observed height was considered FH (SDS/chronological ages) if any of the following criteria applied: closed epiphyses, height velocity <2 cm/year, last bone age >14 years in girls/>16 years in boys. Results: Due to inclusion criteria, patients were younger at start of GH treatment (mean±SD; 9.2±2.4 and 11.1±2.3 years) and treatment duration was longer (6.0±2.0 and 4.2±2.3 years) in the clinical trial than in GeNeSIS respectively. Other relevant variables were similar between the two cohorts: baseline height SDS (-3.2±0.8 and -3.0±0.9), GH dose (0.36±0.02 and 0.32±0.11 mg/kg per week) at GH start, age at FH (15.5±1.3 and 15.5±1.5 years) and FH SDS (-2.0±1.3 and -2.2±1.2) each respectively. FH Height SDS gain from baseline (1.3±0.9 and 0.9±1.2) was notable for both cohorts. FH in the normal range (O-2 SDS) was achieved by 57 and 49% of the patients respectively. Conclusion: In conclusion, GH treatment results in gain in height SDS at FH in SHOX deficient patients, both in a regulated clinical trial and in a real life observational study setting. In real life, GH treatment was initiated at an older age, probably a more advanced tanner stage and administered for a shorter duration. ER  - 
Growth hormone treatment in children with sga during a 5-year period, assessment of auxological development and insulin resistance; Background: Treatment with GH of children born SGA allows an increase in growth velocity (GV) and improves adult height. Increased insulin resistance has been described in these patients, which reverts after interrupting GH administration. However, long-term metabolic consequences are not clearly established. Objective and hypotheses: Describe insulin resistance (HOMA-IR index) and auxological development (GV and height) in SGA children treated with GH for 5 years, and analyse the influence of the pubertal status (PS). Method: Prospective observational study of 407 SGA subjects treated with GH (Saizen®) for up to 5 years, determining the HOMA-IR index, GV, height, and PS annually. Results: Baseline HOMA-IR was 1.2 (1.5), where Tanner I children had lower values than Tanner ≥II (1.2 (1.6) vs. 2.0 (0.7)), as reported in normal population (Tanner I: 1.0-1.5 and Tanner ≥II: 2.0-2.8)) (Cuartero 2007). HOMA-IR increased to 2.8 (2.8) in the fifth year, above normality in both PS groups (2.2 (1.0) vs. 3.3 (3.7)). GV and height difference (HSDS) were the highest during the first year of treatment tending to approach the reference value. Four adverse events were detected, including one event of type 2 diabetes mellitus in patient without medical history of glucose intolerance. No events were associated with insulin insensitivity. Conclusion: Treatment with GH during 5 years increased GV, reducing the height differences presented by SGA children, regardless PS. HOMA-IR showed an increase during the 5 years, with slightly higher values than in normal population. This study demonstrated efficacy of GH treatment in children SGA. Insulin sensitivity should be monitored as per SmPC. (Table Presented). ER  - 
Anti-mullerian hormone: A marker of premature ovarian insufficiency in girls with turner syndrome; Background: Turner syndrome (TS) patients typically exhibit short stature and gonadal dysgenesis with pubertal delay and infertility. Up to 30% of these girls will have spontaneous pubertal development, however only 2% achieve a spontaneous pregnancy. Biochemical markers reflecting the ovarian reserve in girls and adolescents with TS are therefore needed. Objective and hypotheses: Evaluation of the ovarian reserve in girls and adolescents with TS using serum AMH and simultaneously comparing this value with other markers, including serum FSH, number of ovarian follicles on transabdominal gynecologic ultrasound and karyotype. Method: Prospective study investigating TS girls followed at the Pediatric Endocrinology Unit of a Portuguese General Hospital between April and August 2013. Results: Twenty girls aged 3-15 years were included (median age 10 years). Normal serum AMH levels were observed in 35% of TS girls. There was a strong correlation between AMHand FSH levels: all patients with normal serum AMH had also normal serum FSH whereas all girls with low serum AMH showed high serum FSH (P<0.001). Ovarian follicles were present in 86% of girls with normal AMH and absent in 69% with low serum AMH. Ovarian follicles were detectable in only 25% of girls with karyotype 45,X and in 67% with karyotype 45,X/46,XX or other cytogenetic abnormalities. Five girls showed spontaneous puberty, one of which had abnormal FSH and AMH levels despite detectable ovarian follicles. Conclusion: Serum AMH correlated well with serum FSH and appears to be a useful marker of the follicle pool. Nevertheless, complementary imaging study is still needed. Karyotype is a good predictive marker of premature ovarian insufficiency when considered together with other parameters. ER  - 
Late endocrine effects in children and adolescentes submitted to allogenic bone marrow transplantation; Background: Pediatric bone marrow transplantation (BMT) can lead to endocrine dysfunctions due to common pre-operative regimens involving chemo and radiotherapy. Objective and hypotheses: To evaluate the prevalence an time-of-onset of endocrine dysfunctions after BMT in children and adolescents. Method: A retrospective cohort-study design was performed. The inclusion criteria were: <18 years of age at the time of their allogenic BMT program, which started in 2010 in our institution. The patients started their follow-up 100 days after BMT (time 0) and every 6 months, when possible. Height (cm), weight (kg), BMI, and respective z scores (NCHS 2000) as well as their pubertal status (Tanner) were obtained. Lab and imaging data for endocrine diseases (GH deficiency; precocious/delayed puberty, thyroid dysfunctions, adrenal diseases, diabetes insipidus, bone diseases, and metabolic syndrome) were collected. Results: From 45 patients submitted to allogenic BMT, 28 (14F) were referred to endocrine evaluation. Their primary disease was diagnosed at 5.5 (±4.0) years old (range 0.0-13.5). BMT was performed at 8.7 (±4.3) years (0.8-17.8). Bone marrow donors were: siblings (15), bone bank (6), umbilicus cord (5), and parents (2). The patients were referred for endocrine evaluation at 10.2 (±4.0) years (2.0-18.0). The prevalence of endocrine complications were: growth disorders ((5), four with GH deficiency under treatment), hypercolesterolemia (4), hypothyroidism (3), amenorrhea (2), obesity (2), precocious puberty (1), delayed puberty (1), and diabetes mellitus (1). 15 patients are still under follow-up with no endocrine disease detected so far. Conclusion: These findings emphasize the importance of screening for endocrine complications, particularly growth disorders and metabolic syndrome, in children who have undergone BMT. Children require an early and long follow up so that endocrine complications can be diagnosed and promptly treated. ER  - 
Differences in pubertal development and anthropometry between normal population and type 1 diabetic child at debut in Spain; Background: The deterioration caused DMtipo1 anthropometric and pubertal development. With intensive treatment, improved HbA1c and less microvascular complications should be similar to normal population. Objective: To study the pubertal development in our population with DM1 and final somatometric variables reached in relation to the normal population. Material and methods: Retrospective study of DM1A debut from diagnosis to final height. Inclusion: Historical Unit Patients from 1973 to 2000 DMtipo1a. Exclusion: other DM, no final height or V. Tanner Studio and bilateral Student' t-test Samples T IBM SPSS 18.0. Comparative longitudinal half somatometry Orbegozo 2004 (OL) to final height. Pubertal development Ferrandez 2002 (DPF). Results: 82 cases initially selected (38/82 ♂ -46%). Average age debut 8.24aDS4.27 (0.3-15). 16.98 kg/m2 average BMI (-0.2 SDS) DS4.27, mean height of 132 cm. (+0.3 SDS) DS27.92. Tanner I.HbA1c debut DS2.37 11.11% (8-15.5), differences ♂ ♀ 10.79 vs 11.87 P: 0.032♂ target height of 171.5 cm. DS2.1 with normal population difference Δ -2.6 cm P 0.01 and ♀ 159.3 cm. SDS difference for OL 2.3 with Δ -2.5 cm P: 0.01. Evolutionary average 9.6 years follow DS2.8 with the high average age of 17.91 years SDS3.1. SDS1. 16 mean HbA1c 7.30% (5.8-9.6) along the track. No differences between sexes. To start T2 ♂ mean age 12.48 years, SD 1.2 (+0.8 years for PDF P: 0.02) and T5 14.60 years (like PDF). Final height reached 174.33, gain +2.8 cm. TD regarding size and equivalent to OL. 23.48 kg/m2 BMI (Z-score +0.51 SDS respect OL P: 0.001). To start T2 ♂ mean age 10.49 years, SD 1.1 (-0.2 years for PDF P: 0.45) and menarche at 13.31 years (+0.7 years for PDF P: 0.02). Final height reached 161.74, gain+2.5 cm. TD respect and respect OL +1.0 cm P: 0.010. BMI 23.59 kg/m2 (Z-score +0.85 SDS regarding OL P: 0.001). Conclusions: DM1 children start puberty a little later, ending an age and final height equivalent to normal population, but there is more tendency to be overweight, perhaps influenced by insulin therapy. Girls enter telarquia a normal age but more than half year delay menarche, finishing in a normal size but with tendency to overweight. ER  - 
The prevalence of pre-hypertension in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus; Introduction: Background and aim: Hypertension is more common in adults with type 1 diabetes mellitus(T1D) than general population. The aim of this study was to detect pre-hypertensive stage in children withT1Dand evaluate its correlation with diabetic nephropathy compared to non-diabetic children. Material and methods: This was a prospective cross-sectional study in an outpatient clinic of a university hospital. Sixty-two (36 males, 26 females) patients with stable T1D with median age of 13 years and 42 age- sex-matched healthy children were entered in the study between September 2008 and February 2011. Three readings of blood pressure were recorded. Fasting blood sample was drawn for HbA1C, creatinine, and a 24 hour urine aliquot was collected to measure microalbumin, creatinine, and volume to estimate glomerular filtration rate (eGFR). Chi-square, ANOVA, and Student's T test, and General Linear Model of Variance were used to analyze data. P<0.05 was considered significant. Results: From sixty-two children with T1DM, 25.8% were in prehypertensive stage, 4.8%% stage 1, and 1.6% stage 2. In controls, one (2.4%) out of 42 children was in pre-hypertensive stage (p-value< 0.0001). Mean (SD) systolic blood pressure was 111(12.4) in T1D vs. 100.7(11.3) in controls (p-value <0.001). Mean (SD) diastolic blood pressure was not statistically different in two groups. Abnormal blood pressure was correlated with eGFR and plasma Cystatin C (pvalue< 0.05). Conclusions: There was higher rate of early stage of high normal blood pressure in children with T1DM compared to healthy controls and this abnormality was only correlated with puberty stage and glomerular filtration rate. ER  - 
Quantitative analysis of lower extremity adipose tissue distribution in children with myelomeningocele; Background/Objectives: Children with myelomeningocele (MM) tend to be more overweight and obese and often have altered body composition compared to youth without MM. The health risks associated with excess adiposity depend largely on location. Children with MM not only have greater abdominal obesity, but they also have more fat accumulating in their lower extremities. However, it is not known if this is subcutaneous (SC) or intramuscular (IM) fat, the latter of which has been associated with insulin resistance1. Therefore, the purpose of this study was to evaluate the distribution of fat in the lower leg of children with MM. Design: Prospective, Cross-sectional. Participants and setting: 21 participants with MM (12 males; 10y 8mo, SD 1y 8mo) and 36 healthy controls (21 males; 10y 3mo, SD 2y 0mo) from a tertiary children's hospital. Methods: Tissue volumes were computed along the entire length of both tibias from computed tomography (CT) scans. Tissue volumes were quantified using a semi-automated, threshold-based method with fixed attenuation ranges of [-190, -30], [-29, 150] and [151, 1000] Hounsfield units for adipose, muscle and bone, respectively. Fascial boundaries were determined using automated interpolation of manually delineated fascial boundaries in periodic slices. Adipose tissue was classified as intra- or intermuscular (IM) if it was enclosed within the fascial boundary or subcutaneous (SC) if not. Clinical data gathered included height, weight, body mass index (BMI), Tanner stage of sexual maturity, and International Myelodysplasia Study Group (IMSG) classification. Tissue volumes were compared among controls, sacral level MM, and lumbar level MM using multivariate linear regression. Results: After adjusting for height and weight, mean IM fat volume increased significantly across control, sacral and lumbar groups (152, 425, 1215cm3, p<0.05), while muscle volume decreased (3037, 2077, 1061cm3, p<0.05) and SC fat volume did not significantly change (2120, 2114, v 2124cm3, p>0.05). In the same model, total adipose volume was higher in the lumbar compared to control groups (3340 vs 2271cm3, p<0.01) but not significantly different in the sacral compared to control groups (2539 vs 2271cm3, p=0.06) or the sacral compared to lumbar groups (3340 vs 2539cm3, p=0.51). Conclusions: The results of this study suggest that increases in lower leg adiposity in children with MM are primarily due to accumulation of IM fat, while SC fat volumes remain more or less unchanged. Equally striking is the observed decrease in muscle volume associated with MM. Since IM fat is more strongly associated with negative health outcomes than SC fat1, children with MM may have an increased risk of adverse health effects. Therefore it may be beneficial to consider the anatomical distribution of adipose tissue when treating children with MM. ER  - 
Age at menarche and natural menopause and number of reproductive years in association with mortality: Results from a median follow-up of 11.2 years among 31,955 naturally menopausal Chinese women; Background: Studies conducted in Western countries suggest that early age at menarche and early age at menopause are both associated with increased total mortality, but limited data are available for Asian populations. We examined associations of age at menarche and natural menopause and duration of the reproductive span with mortality in a population-based cohort study of Chinese women. Methods: We evaluated the effects of age at menarche, age at natural menopause, and number of reproductive years on total and cause-specific mortality among 31,955 naturally menopausal Chinese women who participated in the Shanghai Women's Health Study, a population-based, prospective cohort study. Results: A total of 3,158 deaths occurred during a median follow-up of 11.2 years. Results from Cox proportional hazards models showed that younger age at menopause (<46.64 years) was associated with higher risk of total mortality (Ptrend = 0.02). Younger age at menarche (<14 years) was associated with higher risk of mortality from stroke (Ptrend = 0.03) and diabetes (Ptrend = 0.02) but lower risk of mortality from respiratory system cancer (Ptrend = 0.01). Women with a shorter reproductive span had lower risk of mortality from gynecological cancers (P trend = 0.03). Conclusions: Our study found that menstrual characteristics are important predictors of mortality, suggesting an important role of sex hormones in biological aging. © 2014 Wu et al. ER  - 
Double jeopardy: metabolic syndrome leads to increased sedentary behavior in peri-pubertal minority females; While most studies have focused on investigating the preventive effects of physical activity on metabolic risk, the longitudinal impacts of metabolic syndrome (MetS) on activity levels is poorly understood. This study aims to examine the influence of MetS on initial activity levels and the trajectory of activity levels in Latina and African American female children over 12 months (n = 55, 9 ± 1 years). Metabolic measures, including fat and lean tissue mass by BodPod, fasting glucose, lipids, blood pressure, and waist circumference, were collected at baseline. Moderate-to-vigorous physical activity and sedentary behavior by accelerometry were collected on a quarterly basis. There were no significant differences in either initial activity levels by MetS status (Moderate-to-vigorous physical activity: 33 ± 12 mins/day for MetS, 48 ± 28 mins/day for Non-MetS, p = .12; sedentary behavior: 408 ± 57 mins/day for MetS, 421 ± 72 mins/day for Non-MetS, p = .67). Longitudinal declines in moderate-to-vigorous physical activity (p = .038) and increases in sedentary behavior (p = .003) were found. Daily sedentary behavior increased by 82.64 more minutes in youth with MetS than in those without over one year (p = .015). This study yields the first evidence of the adverse effect of MetS on sedentary behavior. Targeted intervention strategies to reduce progressive sedentariness evident in minority youth with MetS are warranted. ER  - 
The debate on the link between subclinical hypothyroidism and childhood migraine: is initial endocrinological evaluation necessary for children with migraine?; Subclinical hypothyroidism (SH) is characterized by mildly elevated thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH) levels with normal serum-free thyroxine (fT4). While the prevalence of SH is 2 % in pediatric population, it has been reported much higher in children with migraine headache. In this study, the presence of subclinical hypothyroidism and associated endocrinological abnormalities in children with migraine naïve to treatment was investigated. Children with migraine who were diagnosed in Pediatric Neurology Clinic based on the second edition of the International Classification of Headache Disorders and who did not receive any medication were recruited in this cross-sectional study. All patients were examined by the same pediatric endocrinologist and anthropometric measurements, systemic blood pressure, pubertal stages were recorded. Fasting serum levels of thyroid function tests, lipids, glucose and insulin were obtained. Ninety-eight children (55 female) with a mean age of 11.45 ± 3.1 years were evaluated. Of those, 39 were prepubertal and 59 were pubertal. Subclinical hypothyroidism (TSH ≥ 5.0 mIU/L with normal fT4) was detected in five patients (5.1 %); none had positive thyroid antibodies. Other conditions were obesity (n = 6), hirsutism (n = 4), short stature (n = 3), polycystic ovaries (PCO, n = 3), precocious puberty (n = 2) and gynecomastia (n = 1). Of five patients with SH, only one had obesity. Our results revealed that the prevalence of SH in children with migraine is not as high as previously reported. Since no significant endocrinologic disturbance was found in those children, we suggest that the initial endocrinological evaluation or screening for SH is unnecessary. ER  - 
Added sugars in the diet are positively associated with diastolic blood pressure and triglycerides in children; Background: Hypertension and dyslipidemia have traditionally been associated with dietary sodium and fat intakes, respectively; however, they have recently been associated with the consumption of added sugars in adults and older adolescents, but there is no clear indication of how early in the life span this association manifests. Objective: This study explored the cross-sectional association between added sugar (sugars not naturally occurring in foods) consumption in children, blood pressure (BP), and fasting blood lipids [triglycerides and total, low-density lipoprotein, and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol]. Design: BP, blood lipids, and dietary intakes were obtained in a multiethnic pediatric sample aged 7-12 y of 122 European American (EA), 106 African American (AA), 84 Hispanic American (HA), and 8 mixedrace children participating in the Admixture Mapping of Ethnic and Racial Insulin Complex Outcomes (AMERICO) study-a cross-sectional study conducted in the Birmingham, AL, metro area investigating the effects of racial-ethnic differences on metabolic and health outcomes. Multiple regression analyses were performed to evaluate the relations of added sugars and sodium intakes with BP and of added sugars and dietary fat intakes with blood lipids. Models were controlled for sex, raceethnicity, socioeconomic status, Tanner pubertal status, percentage body fat, physical activity, and total energy intake. Results: Added sugars were positively associated with diastolic BP (P = 0.0462, β = 0.0206) and serum triglycerides (P = 0.0206, β = 0.1090). Sodium was not significantly associated with either measure of BP nor was dietary fat with blood lipids. HA children had higher triglycerides but lower added sugar consumption than did either the AA or EA children. The AA participants had higher BP and HDL but lower triglycerides than did either the EA or HA children. Conclusions: These data suggest that increased consumption of added sugars may be associated with adverse cardiovascular health factors in children, specifically elevated diastolic BP and triglycerides. Identification of dietary factors influencing cardiovascular health during childhood could serve as a tool to reduce cardiovascular disease risk. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00726778. © 2014 American Society for Nutrition. ER  - 
Effect of PCOS on omentin-1, androgens, biochemical glycemic and lipid profile in pubertal girls with normal body mass index; Study question: What is the role of Omentin-1 and the serum levels of androgens, glycemic-lipidemic markers in normal body mass index (BMI) pubertal girls with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) compared with matched controls? Summary answer: The negative cardiovascular effects of PCOS most likely begin as early as puberty, even in the presence of a normal BMI. Additionally, the association of PCOS and omentin-1 is more complex than previously thought and appears to regulate metabolism differently during puberty. What is known already: Omentin-1 levels may be predictive of the metabolic consequences associated with PCOS patients. However, plasma levels of omentin- 1 in patients with normal BMI are not as consistent as has been demonstrated in overweight or obese PCOS patients. To our knowledge; metabolic parameters, the relationship between omentin-1 and PCOS in pubertal girls has not been previously reported. Understanding the pathophysiological triggers that occur during puberty will benefit the future health of pubertal girls with PCOS. Study design, size, duration: In this cross-sectional study we studied with 63 pubertal girls with PCOS and 159 matched controls. In all of the participants BMI was less than 25 kg/m2. Participants/materials, setting, methods: The diagnosis of PCOS was based on the recent ESHRE/ASRM proposal and required that all three of the Rotterdam criteria for diagnosing PCOS in adolescents be met. Indices of insulin sensitivity, metabolic variables, circulating androgen levels, lipidemic markers and serum omentin-1 levels were measured. Main results and the role of chance: Blood pressure parameters (systolic/ diastolic) were significantly higher in girls with PCOS (112. 44 mmHg vs. 104. 49 mmHg; p < 0,001 for systolic BP/74. 12 mmHg vs. 69. 01 mmHg; p < 0,007 for diastolic BP). There was no significant difference in the plasma levels of fasting glucose, total cholesterol, HDL, apo-A1 and SHBG in girls with PCOS compared to the control group. Conversely, girls with PCOS had higher fasting insulin (p = 0.007), LDL (p = 0.017), triglyceride (p = 0.045), apoB (p < 0.001), total (p < 0.001) and free testosterone (p = 0.001) and omentin-1 (p = 0.018) levels compared to control group. Additionally apoB/apoA1 (p = 0.021) and FAI (p = 0.004) values were significantly higher in girls with PCOS compared to the control group. Limitations, reason for caution: Limitations, reasons for caution: Cross sectional design of our study is main limitation. Long-term studies of girls with PCOS that begin during puberty will give us more knowledge about the regulation and effect of omentin-1 in PCOS. Wider implications of the findings: Even in the presence of a normal BMI, decreased ApoB and increased ApoA1 levels in girls with PCOS may be an early sign of impending metabolic dysfunction and increased cardiovascular risk. Additionally, Omentin-1 regulation is multifactorial and dependent on mechanisms other than BMI and IR that have yet to be identified, at least in pubertal girls with normal BMI. ER  - 
PCOS in Asian vs. Caucasian women and in first vs. second generation Asian women; a comparative analysis; Study question: What are the phenotypical differences between Asian and Caucasian women suffering from Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome (PCOS) and between first and second generations Asian women with PCOS? Summary answer: Asian and Caucasian PCOS patients are phenotypically different with regards to PCOS. Further, first and second generation Asian women differ with regards to age of onset of symptoms, age of presenting complaint and SHBG levels. What is known already: The available evidence has shown that Asian women from the Indian Subcontinent have a higher incidence of PCOS. Other studies have shown that the two ethnic groups have some phenotypical differences. There have been no published studies assessing if differences exist between the first and second generations of Asian women in the UK. Study design, size, duration: This is a retrospective nested case control cohort study of 432 patients to examine the differences between Caucasian (288) and Asian (144) women from the Indian subcontinent suffering from PCOS (Rotterdam Criteria) and between first (102) and second (42) generations of Asian PCOS women in the UK. Participants/materials, setting, methods: This is a nested case control study where for every Asian woman 2 Caucasian women matching for age were selected at a University Teaching Hospital. Several parameters were compared between the two groups. The first and second generation Asian women were identified and compared with each other. Main results and the role of chance: The mean age was 26 years. Caucasians presented significantly more frequently with bleeding problems (p < 0.001) and Asians presented with infertility (p < 0.001). Age of menarche is significantly lower in Caucasian women (p = 0.023). Asians experienced significantly more irregular periods than Caucasians (p = 0.001). Asians had significantly higher family history of diabetes mellitus than Caucasians (p < 0.001). SHBG levels are significantly higher in Caucasians than Asians (p < 0.001). TSH levels (p = 0.023), BMI (p = 0.024) and Waist-hip Ratio (p = 0.006) are significantly higher in Asians than Caucasians. In the Asian population; the second generation patients presented at an earlier age (p = 0.027). Significantly more first generation patients presented with infertility (p = 0.001) while more second generation patients presented with PCOS related symptoms (p = 0.001). There are significantly higher levels of SHBG in second generation patients (p = 0.022). Limitations, reason for caution: The retrospective study and the relatively small number for an epidemiological study have their inherent limitations on the study findings. Wider implications of the findings: This study confirms the effect of ethnicity on the PCOS phenotypes and also suggests that migration of the Asian women to the UK have affected their phenotypes. This should inform the management of PCOS and health policy in an increasingly multi-ethnic society. ER  - 
Urine microalbumin to creatinine ratio: A marker of early endothelial dysfunction in youth; Endothelial dysfunction may be an early manifestation of subclinical atherosclerosis. Urine microalbumin to creatinine ratio (UACR) has been associated with vascular inflammation and is a useful predictor of cardiovascular (CV) events in adults (1). In children, elevated UACR has been associated with obesity and impaired glucose metabolism (2). We investigated whether UACR was related to endothelial dysfunction in adolescents across the spectrum of glucose regulation. 52 adolescents: 9 normal weight with normal glucose tolerance (NW-NGT), 19 overweight NGT (OW-NGT), 14 OW with prediabetes (OW-PreD), and 10 with type 2 diabetes (T2DM) underwent: oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) with calculation of whole body insulin sensitivity index (WBISI), endothelial function assessment by peripheral arterial tonometry with determination of reactive hyperemia index (RHI), body composition (DEXA). UACR was measured. Results are Mean ±SE. The 4 groups did not differ with respect to age (15.4±0.4 years), tanner stage, sex or racial distribution. The NW-NGT had significantly lower BMI (21.7±0.7 vs. 29.4±1.1, 32.5±1.1, and 33.4±1.8 kg/m2=, p=<0.001) and % body fat (23.3±2.1 vs. 33±2.2, 35.7±1.8, and 37.7±2.3 %, p=0.001), compared with OW-NGT, OW-PreD and T2DM, respectively. RHI (1.7±0.1, 1.6±0.1, 1.5±0.1, and 1.6±0.1), UACR (4.0±0.8, 4.9±0.9, 5.6±1.3, and 5.1±0.7 mg/g), triglycerides, total cholesterol levels and blood pressure were not significantly different in NW-NGT, OW-NGT, OW-PreD and T2DM groups, respectively. HbA1C was higher in T2DM and PreD compared with the other groups (6.1±0.2 % T2DM, 5.7±0.1 PreD vs. 5.6±0.1 NW-NGT and 5.4±0.1 OW-NGT). WBISI decreased from NW to OW to T2DM and was lowest in OW-PreD (4.0±0.4, 2.2±0.3, 1.2±0.2, and 1.6±0.4, respectively). UACR was related to RHI (r=-0.40, p=0.003), % body fat (r=0.29, p=0.04) and SBP (r=-0.34, p=0.01), with no significant relationship between UACR and lipids, BMI, or WBISI. In a multiple regression analysis with UACR as the dependent variable and RHI, %body fat, group (or HbA1c), age, sex, race, SBP, cholesterol and WBISI as independent variables, RHI (β=-0.495, p=0.003) and gender (β=0.429, p=0.014) together and independently contributed to the variance in UACR (R2=0.417, p=0.014). The UACR is an early marker of endothelial function in youth along the spectrum of glucose regulation, independent of adiposity or insulin sensitivity. This test is an easily obtainable measure, suitable in the office setting and for clinical studies aiming at assessment of CV risk in children. ER  - 
Urine microalbumin to creatinine ratio: A marker of early endothelial dysfunction in youth; Endothelial dysfunction may be an early manifestation of subclinical atherosclerosis. Urine microalbumin to creatinine ratio (UACR) has been associated with vascular inflammation and is a useful predictor of cardiovascular (CV) events in adults (1). In children, elevated UACR has been associated with obesity and impaired glucose metabolism (2). We investigated whether UACR was related to endothelial dysfunction in adolescents across the spectrum of glucose regulation. 52 adolescents: 9 normal weight with normal glucose tolerance (NW-NGT), 19 overweight NGT (OW-NGT), 14 OW with prediabetes (OW-PreD), and 10 with type 2 diabetes (T2DM) underwent: oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) with calculation of whole body insulin sensitivity index (WBISI), endothelial function assessment by peripheral arterial tonometry with determination of reactive hyperemia index (RHI), body composition (DEXA). UACR was measured. Results are Mean ±SE. The 4 groups did not differ with respect to age (15.4±0.4 years), tanner stage, sex or racial distribution. The NW-NGT had significantly lower BMI (21.7±0.7 vs. 29.4±1.1, 32.5±1.1, and 33.4±1.8 kg/m2=, p=<0.001) and % body fat (23.3±2.1 vs. 33±2.2, 35.7±1.8, and 37.7±2.3 %, p=0.001), compared with OW-NGT, OW-PreD and T2DM, respectively. RHI (1.7±0.1, 1.6±0.1, 1.5±0.1, and 1.6±0.1), UACR (4.0±0.8, 4.9±0.9, 5.6±1.3, and 5.1±0.7 mg/g), triglycerides, total cholesterol levels and blood pressure were not significantly different in NW-NGT, OW-NGT, OW-PreD and T2DM groups, respectively. HbA1C was higher in T2DM and PreD compared with the other groups (6.1±0.2 % T2DM, 5.7±0.1 PreD vs. 5.6±0.1 NW-NGT and 5.4±0.1 OW-NGT). WBISI decreased from NW to OW to T2DM and was lowest in OW-PreD (4.0±0.4, 2.2±0.3, 1.2±0.2, and 1.6±0.4, respectively). UACR was related to RHI (r=-0.40, p=0.003), % body fat (r=0.29, p=0.04) and SBP (r=-0.34, p=0.01), with no significant relationship between UACR and lipids, BMI, or WBISI. In a multiple regression analysis with UACR as the dependent variable and RHI, %body fat, group (or HbA1c), age, sex, race, SBP, cholesterol and WBISI as independent variables, RHI (β=-0.495, p=0.003) and gender (β=0.429, p=0.014) together and independently contributed to the variance in UACR (R2=0.417, p=0.014). The UACR is an early marker of endothelial function in youth along the spectrum of glucose regulation, independent of adiposity or insulin sensitivity. This test is an easily obtainable measure, suitable in the office setting and for clinical studies aiming at assessment of CV risk in children. ER  - 
Phenotypic characterization of polycystic ovary syndrome in adolescents based on menstrual irregularity; Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS) is a condition of androgen excess, oligoanovulation and/or polycystic ovarian morphology (PCOM) and can be diagnosed as early as adolescence. High prevalence of irregular menses and PCOM in adolescents without PCOS makes diagnosis challenging. Adolescents are more likely to present for evaluation of primary and secondary amenorrhea. We sought to evaluate whether increasing menstrual irregularity was associated with greater phenotypic and metabolic features of PCOS in adolescents. Secondarily, we evaluated influence of body mass index (BMI) across the same phenotypic and metabolic features. METHODS: This was a retrospective study of 366 adolescents with PCOS seen at Mayo Clinic Rochester, MN, from 1996 to 2013. Participants included for analysis were 265 adolescent girls, 13 to 18 years old, newly diagnosed with PCOS and treatment naïve. The cohort was divided into those who presented with primary amenorrhea (PA), secondary amenorrhea (SA) and oligomenorrhea (OM) (< 9 menstrual cycles/year). Clinical, metabolic and sonographic characteristics were compared among groups using general linear models and Chi square tests. RESULTS: Out of 265 adolescents with PCOS, PA =17, SA =30 and OM=218. Age at diagnosis (years) for PA was younger than OM (15.2 ± 1.45 vs. 16.3 ± 1.45 P < 0.01) but not different from SA. Mean BMI (kg/m2) at diagnosis was not different between the groups (PA: 34.5 ± 1.95 vs SA 32.3 ± 10.2, OM 31.1 ± 7.64 P= 0.09). Mean age at menarche (years) [induced in PA] was older for PA than SA and OM (15.2 ± 1.3 vs 12.3 ± 1.64 vs 11.9 ± 1.54 P <0.01). Mean fasting glucose (mg/dl) was higher in PA than OM (94.4 ± 9.54 vs 90.1 ±10.2 p=0.048) but not different from SA (P=0.08). Insulin concentrations were higher in PA than SA and OM (P=0.02 for each). PA had higher prevalence of acanthosis nigricans at diagnosis (64.7%) vs. SA (20%) and OM (34.4%) (P< 0.01). Lipid profiles were available in 145 subjects (PA: 10/17, SA 15/30, OM 120/218). Mean serum triglyceride concentrations (mg/dl) were higher in PA (199.9 ± 90.5) vs SA (112.2 ± 44.7) and OM (120.4 ± 64.5) (p < 0.001 for each). HDL and LDL levels and prevalence of hypertension did not differ. Although prevalence of hirsutism did not differ between groups, total testosterone concentrations (ng/dl) were higher in PA (70 ± 42.4) vs. SA (50.1 ± 27.1) vs OM (51.5 ± 23.2) (P < 0.01 for each). Ultrasound was performed in 155 subjects (PA 15/17, SA 21/30, OM 119/218) with PCOM found in 111/155 subjects and no difference among groups. Across BMI categories, lean PCOS (BMI < 85th percentile) had lower triglycerides, insulin and total testosterone vs. overweight and obese PCOS (BMI > 85thpercentile). CONCLUSIONS: In context of other features of PCOS, primary amenorrhea in adolescent PCOS is associated with greater evidence for insulin resistance, including acanthosis, higher fasting glucose, insulin, triglyceride and total testosterone concentrations. ER  - 
Is initial endocrinological evaluation necessary for children with migraine?; Background: Subclinical hypothyroidism (SH) is defined as moderate thyroid dysfunction characterized by mildly elevated thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH) levels with normal serum free thyroxine (fT4) levels. The prevalence is reported around 2% in pediatric population. Migraine is a common cause of primary headaches and in a single study it was supposed that 24% of migraineur children had subclinical hypothyroidism. In the present study we aimed to evaluate the presence of subclinical hypothyroidism and associated endocrinological abnormalities in children with migraine naive to treatment. Methods: Children with migraine who were diagnosed in Pediatric Neurology Clinic based on the second edition of the International Classification of Headache Disorders between the dates March 2013-January 2014 and who did not receive any medication were recruited in this cross-sectional study. All patients were examined by the same pediatric endocrinologist and anthropometric measurements, systemic blood pressure, pubertal stages were recorded. Fasting serum levels of thyroid function tests, lipids, glucose and insulin were obtained. Results: Ninety eight children (55 female) with a mean age of 11.45±3.1 years were evaluated. Of those, 39 were prepubertal and 59 were pubertal. No patient had hypertension. Subclinical hypothyroidism (TSH≥5.0 mIU/L with normal fT4) was detected in 5 patients (5.1%), none had positive thyroid antibodies. Other conditions were obesity (n=6), hirsutism (n=4), short stature (n=3), polycystic ovaries (PCO,n=3), precocious puberty (n=2) and gynecomastia (n=1). Of five patients with SH, only one had obesity. While no subject had dyslipidemia, 7 had insulin resistance associated with obesity and/or PCO. No significant differences were found between patients with and without SH. Conclusion: Our results revealed that the prevalence of SH in children with migraine is not as high as previously reported. Since no significant endorinologic disturbance was found in those children we suggest that the initial endocrinological evaluation or screening for SH is unnecessary. ER  - 
Identification of early risk factors for premature adrenarche; Premature adrenarche (PA) has been associated to increased adverse metabolic profile at diagnosis. We have recently shown, in a cross sectional analysis of longitudinal followed children of normal birth weight that different adiposity indicators at age 7 yr were positively and similarly associated with PA and these associations were only partially related to IGF-I and leptin at that age. Objective: to identify early predictors of high DHEAS in 7y Chilean children. Methods: longitudinal follow-up of 977 participants (48% girls) of the Growth and Obesity Chilean Cohort Study that represents low-middle income children, of birth weights 2500-4500g. In these children we have anthropometric information at birth and 4y, as well as maternal information: BMI (current and pre-pregnancy), pregnancy weight gain (IOM), height, schooling and age at menarche. In a subsample (n=269) we also determined IGF-I, adiponectin and insulin at 4 yr. Results: Obesity (BMI> 2 SDS WHO 2007, OR 1.67,1.13-2.49) larger waist circumference ( WC >p 90th , NHANES III, OR 1.78,1.27-2.47), higher IGF-I ( > p75th sample, OR 1.78,0.93-3.39-1.5) at 4 yrs, as well as lower birth weight (BW< 3 K, OR 1.74, 1.18-2.57 ) and a higher educated mother ( school yr> 12 OR 1.69, 1.21-2.36) predicted those children who had higher DHEAS at 7y. Risks associated with combining obesity at 4y with one additional risk factor are as follows: Obesity at 4y+BW <3K , n=923 , OR 3.80,1.29-11.16), Obesity at 4y + IGFI > p75 at 4y, n=236, OR 3.35,1.05-10.67), Obesity at 4y +WC > P90 at 4y , n=923 , OR 2.70,1.48-4.92), Obesity at 4y + Maternal Schooling > 12y n=923 , OR 1.76,1.11-2.81).All analyses were adjusted by age and sex (Interactions p >0.05). The associations were considered significant if P< 0.05. The analyses were conducted by using SAS (version 9.1; SAS Institute). ∗p<0.05. Conclusions:the identification of these early risk factors could allow establishing prevention strategies of PA in these children. ER  - 
Screen time, adiposity and cardiometabolic markers: Mediation by physical activity, not snacking, among 11-year-old children; BACKGROUND: There is evidence for a relation of TV viewing with adiposity and increased cardiometabolic risk factors in children and adolescents. It is unclear to what extent this relation is mediated by snacking and lack of physical activity. We determined whether associations of screen time with adiposity and cardiometabolic markers were mediated by these behaviours. METHODS: Children from a population-representative Dutch birth cohort (n = 1447) reported screen time and other lifestyle factors by a questionnaire around the age of 11 years (range 10-14) and had anthropometry and cardiometabolic markers measured around the age of 12 years (range 12-14). Adjusted associations of screen time with snacking, physical activity, adiposity and cardiometabolic markers (total-to-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (TC/HDLC) ratio, blood pressure, glycated haemoglobin) were assessed by using formal mediation analysis. We tested the hypothesized paths by structural equation modeling, which allows quantification of the indirect effects associated with potential mediators. RESULTS: Children with ≥20 h screen time per week consumed more snacks (1.9 vs 1.3 portions per day) and were less physically active (4.3 vs 4.8 days per week) than children with maximum 6 h screen time. Screen time was directly associated with higher adiposity (standardized β = 0.10-0.12 depending on the outcome, P<0.001), and indirectly through less physical activity. The association of screen time with TC/HDLC ratio was almost completely mediated by adiposity (β = 0.39, P<0.0001), and to a minor extent by physical activity (β = ? 0.06, P = 0.02). There was no direct association of screen time with TC/HDLC ratio. CONCLUSIONS: The adverse association of screen time with adiposity was partly mediated by physical activity, but not by snacking. The association of screen time with TC/HDLC ratio was almost completely mediated by adiposity. Our results may suggest that future efforts in society and public health should be directed to replace screen time with physical activity for reducing children's adiposity and cardiometabolic risk. ER  - 
A randomized trial of transdermal and oral estrogen therapy in adolescent girls with hypogonadism; Background: Adolescent females with ovarian failure require estrogen therapy for induction of puberty and other important physiologic effects. Currently, health care providers have varying practices without evidence-based standards, thus investigating potential differences between oral and transdermal preparations is essential. The purpose of this study was to compare the differential effects of treatment with oral conjugated equine estrogen (OCEE), oral 17β estradiol (OBE), or transdermal 17β estradiol (TBE) on biochemical profiles and feminization in girls with ovarian failure.Study design: 20 prepubertal adolescent females with ovarian failure, ages 12-18 years, were randomized to OCEE (n = 8), OBE (n = 7), or TBE (n = 5) for 24 months. Estrogen replacement was initiated at a low dose (0.15 mg OCEE, 0.25 mg OBE, or 0.0125 mg TBE) and doubled every 6 months to a maximum dose of 0.625 mg/d OCEE, 1 mg/d OBE, or 0.05 mg/d TBE. At 18 months, micronized progesterone was added to induce menstrual cycles. Biochemical markers including sex hormones, inflammatory markers, liver enzymes, coagulation factors, and lipids were obtained at baseline and 6 month intervals. Differences in levels of treatment parameters between the groups were evaluated with one-way analysis of variance (ANOVA). The effect of progesterone on biochemical markers was evaluated with the paired t-test.Results: Mean (±SE) estradiol levels at maximum estrogen dose (18 months) were higher in the TBE group (53 ± 19 pg/mL) compared to OCEE (14 ± 5 pg/mL) and OBE (12 ± 5 pg/mL) (p ≤ 0.01). The TBE and OBE groups had more effective feminization (100% Tanner 3 breast stage at 18 months). There were no statistical differences in other biochemical markers between treatment groups at 18 months or after the introduction of progesterone.Conclusions: Treatment with transdermal 17β estradiol resulted in higher estradiol levels and more effective feminization compared to oral conjugated equine estrogen but did not result in an otherwise different biochemical profile in this limited number of heterogeneous patients. OBE and TBE provide safe and effective alternatives to OCEE to induce puberty in girls, but larger prospective randomized trials are required. Trial registration: Clinical Trials Identifier: NCT01023178. ER  - 
Developmental processes associated with longitudinal declines in parental responsibility and adherence to type 1 diabetes management across adolescence; OBJECTIVE: To identify whether changes in pubertal status and self-efficacy for diabetes management are associated with longitudinal declines in parental responsibility for diabetes, and to determine whether these factors moderate associations between declining parental responsibility and deteriorating adherence across adolescence. METHODS: Adolescents (N = 252; 53.6% females) with type 1 diabetes, mothers, and 188 fathers participated in a 2.5-year longitudinal study. Self-reports of pubertal status, adolescent efficacy, parental responsibility, and adherence were completed every 6 months (6 time points). RESULTS: Latent growth curve modeling revealed that longitudinal increases in efficacy and pubertal maturation were uniquely associated with longitudinal declines in parental responsibility. Declines in parental responsibility were related to deterioration in adherence especially when adolescents did not report concomitant growth in self-efficacy. CONCLUSIONS: Transfer of responsibility for diabetes management across adolescence may be more optimal when adolescents' increased independence is titrated to their changing self-efficacy beliefs. ER  - 
Dyslipidemia and hyperinsulinemia in children and adolescents with chronic liver disease: Relation to disease severity; Background: Lipid metabolism is profoundly disturbed in chronic liver diseases (CLD). Moreover, patients with cirrhosis displayed chronically elevated serum insulin (SI) concentrations. Objectives: The aim of this work was to assess fasting lipid profile (FLP) and SI levels among Egyptian patients with CLD and their relation to severity of liver disease. Methods: A total of 40 Egyptian children with CLD were compared with 30 age-, sex-, and pubertal stage-matched controls. All subjects were subjected to history and auxological assessment; their FLP, fasting blood glucose (FBG) and SI were measured; and their fasting glucose/insulin (G/I) ratios were calculated. Results: Total cholesterol (TC, p=0.006), triglycerides (TG, p=0.03), low density lipoproteins (LDL, p=0.034), and SI (p<0.001) were significantly higher while high density lipoproteins (HDL, p<0.001) and G/I ratio (p<0.001) were significantly lower as serum albumin decreased; these were also lower among cases with a progressive decrease going from child A to C. Of the 40 studied cases, eight (20%) had hypercholesterolemia, 13 (32.5%) had hypertriglyceridemia, 17 (42.5%) had low HDL and 9 (22.5%) had high LDL, 32 (80%) had hyperinsulinemia (HI), and 11 (27.5%) had insulin resistance (IR). Conclusions: Dyslipidemia and HI were frequent findings in patients with CLD, which worsened with increased severity of CLD. © 2014 by Walter de Gruyter Berlin/Boston. ER  - 
Metabolic effects of antipsychotics in prepubertal children: A retrospective chart review; Objective: Antipsychotics, especially atypical ones, are in common use in children and adolescents with psychotic or affective spectrum disorders, as well as in various other psychopathologies. The adverse effects of atypical antipsychotics in children and adolescents are similar to those seen in adults, and include weight gain, elevated blood glucose levels, and hyperlipidemia. In this retrospective chart review, we compared these adverse events in children who were treated with typical, atypical, or no antipsychotic treatment. Methods: The medical charts of 72 children, 65 boys and 7 girls, were reviewed. All children were 6-13 years old (mean age 9.5±1.7 years). In total, 48 children received antipsychotic treatment, and 24 children were in the control group. Data were extracted from the medical charts, including weight, height, body mass index (BMI), blood pressure, aspartate transaminase (AST), alanine transaminase (ALT), triglycerides, total cholesterol, and glucose blood levels. We examined the values in the beginning of the antipsychotic treatment and at release from the hospital in the study group, and at admission and in the end of the drug-free period or at release from the hospital (a duration of at least 4 weeks) in the control group. Results: The average weight gain was 3.9±3.8kg in the atypical antipsychotic treatment (AAT) group, 1.1±4.4kg in the typical antipsychotic treatment (TAT) group, and 0.23±2.9kg in the control group. The average increase in BMI was 15.1±22.0 percentiles in the AAT group, 6.4±14.2 percentiles in the TAT group, and 1.6±12.5 percentiles in the control group. No statistically significant difference was found in the increase in height percentile. There were no significant differences in the rates of elevated values of serum triglycerides, cholesterol, AST, ALT, or fasting blood glucose. Conclusions: We found a significant increase in both absolute weight gain and BMI percentile following atypical antipsychotic treatment. In contrast, typical antipsychotic treatment did not affect weight gain significantly, and the same was true for the control group. In addition, the rates of elevated values of biochemical parameters (AST, ALT, total cholesterol, triglycerides, and fasting blood glucose levels) were very low at the beginning of the study, and were not significantly altered by the various treatments. © Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. ER  - 
Circulating undercarboxylated osteocalcin and gingival crevicular fluid tumour necrosis factor-α in children; BACKGROUND: Osteocalcin, a protein secreted by osteoblasts during bone formation, is negatively associated with adult periodontal disease. Little is known about this association in children. AIM: To examine the extent to which plasma undercarboxylated osteocalcin (ucOC) is associated with gingival crevicular fluid tumour necrosis factor-alpha (GCF TNF-α) - a potential marker of gingival inflammation - in children. METHODS: We used data from the Quebec Adipose and Lifestyle InvesTigation in Youth cohort, an ongoing longitudinal study on the natural history of obesity among Caucasian children with a family history of obesity in Quebec, Canada. This cross-sectional analysis from the baseline visit includes 120 children aged 8-10 years. Plasma ucOC and GCF TNF-α levels were determined by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. Linear regression analyses, adjusting for age, gender, family income, sexual maturity stage, daily physical activity, obesity, and fasting glucose were conducted, with TNF-α level as the dependent variable. RESULTS: A 1-ng/ml increase in ucOC was associated with a 0.96% decrease (95% confidence interval (CI): -1.69, -0.23) in GCF TNF-α level. CONCLUSION: A negative association between a marker of bone formation and a marker of gingival inflammation was observed as early as childhood among Caucasian children with a family history of obesity. ER  - 
Leptin, vitamin D, and cardiorespiratory fitness as risk factors for insulin resistance in European adolescents: gender differences in the HELENA Study; The purpose of this study was to identify the relevance of a set of risk factors for insulin resistance in adolescents from Europe and to consider their possible gender-specific associations. The Healthy Lifestyle in Europe by Nutrition in Adolescence Cross-Sectional Study (HELENA-CSS) was conducted in 1053 European adolescents (mean age, 14.9 years) in a school setting in 9 countries. Three anthropometric markers of body fat and a dietary index were calculated. Total energy intake was estimated from a questionnaire. C-reactive protein, leptin, and vitamin D were assessed, and physical activity, cardiorespiratory fitness, and muscular strength were measured. Center, socioeconomic status, pubertal status, and season were used as potential confounders. The main outcome was the homeostasis model assessment used as a marker of insulin resistance. Correlations, analyses of covariance, and logistic regression models were used. In males, leptin was the only risk factor for insulin resistance after adjusting for confounders including markers of body fat (odds ratios (ORs) from 1.49 to 1.60). In females, leptin, vitamin D, and fitness were the remaining independent risk factors for insulin resistance after adjustments (OR 2.11; 95% confidential interval (CI) 1.29-3.45; OR 0.50, 95% CI 0.31-0.80; and OR 0.54, 95% CI 0.33-0.87, respectively). Our observations suggest a gender dimorphism in the identification of risk factors for high insulin resistance. Preventive strategies should focus on improving modifiable factors such as cardiorespiratory fitness and on ensuring vitamin D sufficiency. Randomized controlled trials focusing on these strategies are necessary to test their efficacy. ER  - 
Endocrine dysfunction after traumatic brain injury in children and adolescents (a single centre prospective and rerospective study); Introduction: Neuroendocrine dysfunction in 23-60% of adults and 15-21% of children following brain injury is described in retrospective studies. Background: To discover the prevalence of hypothalamo-hypophyseal dysfunction in children after brain injury (TBI) due to retrospective and prospective surveillance. In the retrospective phase all children after TBI were re-examined 3-10 years after trauma. In the prospective phase, children were observed during a 12-month period after TBI. This study evaluated the dependence on the type of injury and the course of acute post-traumatic phase. Patients and methods: A group of retrospective patients comprised 30 children (18 boys) and a group of prospective patients comprised 58 children (21 girls) after TBI (GCS 3-12). In both groups physical development (growth, pubertal development and skeletal maturity) was evaluated and they underwent standard endocrine tests-TSH, fT4, IGF 1, PRL, morning cortisol, FSH, LH, testosterone (in boys), estradiol (in girls) in the early post-traumatic period (2-14 days, T0) and at 3, 6 and 12 months after the injury (T3, T6 and T12) in the prospective group. In the retrospective group a standard endocrine test was made a few years after the TBI (depending on the time of study, all more than 3 years after the TBI). Results: Retrospective group: The study results showed hormonal disorder for at least one hormone axis in 16.7% of subjects (which is consistent with the majority of published works). They all had been tested more than 1 year after accident. Pathological findings in the CNS at the time of injury were found in 4/6 (80%). Only one patient had a GCS of less than 8. Prospective group: Twenty-three patients had a GCS58/15. During the first year after TBI, a hormonal disorder was detected in 15.5% of patients (diabetes insipidus, syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion, central hypothyroidism, hypogonadotropic hypogonadism, growth hormone deficiency). Patients with GCS ≤ 8 had hormonal dysfunction more often (6/23) compared to those with a medium trauma (3/35). The occurrence of early endocrine dysfunction significantly correlated with severity of injury (p≤ 0.05), but did not serve as an indicator of development of late hormonal dysfunction (p=0.5). Conclusion: Hormonal disorder occurred in 15.5% of patients within a year after an injury and in 16.7% of patients more than 3 years after head trauma. Neuroendocrine dysfunction as a late consequence of craniocerebral trauma is not as frequent in children as in adults. Risk factors influencing its development include severity of injury, abnormalities in the brain-imaging techniques and DI, SIADH or CSWS in the acute post-traumatic phase. ER  - 
PCOS and thyroid dysfunction; The association between thyroid dysfunction and polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) has become the object of interest of many authors in recent years. In particular, several studies showed an higher prevalence of autoimmune thyroiditis in PCOS subjects and the condition of subclinical hypotiroidism, defined as elevated serum TSH in association with normal thyroid hormones, was found to be more prevalent in PCOS women than in the general population. Nevertheless, the true pathogenesis of this link is far from being elucidated. It is known that thyroid hormones influence ovarian activity, via direct and indirect mechanisms, and they are among main regulators of SHBG. Moreover, hypothyroidism is frequently characterized by insulin resistance, which is also a metabolic feature of polycystic ovary syndrome. It was demonstrated that hypothyroidism can lead to a decrease in glucose production and utilization so that hypothyroid patients can experience both hypoglycaemia and insulin resistance. Moreover, a condition of thyroid hormones defect has been associated with other metabolic and hormonal derangements: a decrease in glucose disposal, weight gain and increase in body fat mass, hyperlipidemia, decrease in the level of SHBG, increase in the conversion of androstenedione to testosterone and its aromatization to oestradiol. It is also well known that hypothyroidism affects gonadal function, with consequent delay in puberty onset followed by anovulatory cycles, and influences fertility. As a consequence, it is easy to understand how the condition of subclinical or manifest hypothyroidism may initiate, maintain or worsen PCOS. Studies in women with PCOS and hypothyroidism treated with metformin have shown a reduction in serum TSH levels, indicating that treating insulin resistance may improve subclinical hypothyroidism. On the other hand, thyroid hormone replacement in women with diagnosis of PCOS also leads to an improvement in the appearance of the ovary and its volume, as well as to a reduction in circulating androgen levels. In conclusion, the current evidences support a relationship between PCOS and thyroid dysfunction, but further prospective studies with larger sample sizes are required to increase understanding of the association between these diseases and to provide guidance on which to base therapeutic decisions. ER  - 
Higher prevalence of obesity and overweight without an adverse metabolic profile in girls with central precocious puberty compared to girls with early puberty, regardless of GnRH analogue treatment; Objectives: 1. To determine BMI, obesity/overweight rates, glucose and lipids at baseline, during GnRHa treatment and shortly after therapy discontinuation in female children with CPP and EP. 2. To compare this response to that seen in a similar group of untreated patients.Methods: A retrospective analysis of 71 children with either CPP (n = 37) or EP (n = 34) was undertaken. Forty three were treated with a GnRHa for at least 2 years, while 28 were followed without treatment.Results: At the time of diagnosis, a higher BMI (z-score of 1.1 ± 0.8 vs. 0.6 ± 0.7, p = 0.004) and a higher prevalence of obesity/overweight (72.9 vs. 35.3%, p = 0.001) was observed in subjects with CPP when compared to those with EP. Children with EP had higher fasting glucose and total cholesterol than those with CPP. BMI z-score, obesity/overweight rates, fasting glucose and lipids did not change significantly in girls with CPP or EP during 3 yrs of follow up, regardless of treatment. Weight z-scores were higher at 3 years in treated than in untreated girls with CPP (p = 0.02), while it was higher in untreated than in GnRHa-treated patients with EP at baseline, 1, 2 and 3 years (p = 0.007, p = 0.002, p = 0.02 and p = 0.04, respectively) and remained so shortly after stopping therapy (p = 0.03).Conclusions: There is a high prevalence of obesity/overweight in girls with CPP and EP at diagnosis. However, this risk is greater in CPP than in EP girls. BMI, Obesity/overweight rates, fasting glucose and lipids remained stable in CPP and EP girls regardless of therapy. Weight z-scores were found to be higher in treated CPP girls and in untreated girls with EP. ER  - 
Plasma metabolomic profiling suggests early indications for predisposition to latent insulin resistance in children conceived by ICSI; Background: There have been increasing indications about an epigenetically-based elevated predisposition of assisted reproductive technology (ART) offspring to insulin resistance, which can lead to an unfavorable cardio-metabolic profile in adult life. However, the relevant long-term systematic molecular studies are limited, especially for the IntraCytoplasmic Sperm Injection (ICSI) method, introduced in 1992. In this study, we carefully defined a group of 42 prepubertal ICSI and 42 naturally conceived (NC) children. We assessed differences in their metabolic profile based on biochemical measurements, while, for a subgroup, plasma metabolomic analysis was also performed, investigating any relevant insulin resistance indices. Methods & Results: Auxological and biochemical parameters of 42 6.8±2.1 yrs old ICSI-conceived and 42 age-matched controls were measured. Significant differences between the groups were determined using univariate and multivariate statistics, indicating low urea and low-grade inflammation markers (YKL-40, hsCRP) and high triiodothyronine (T3) in ICSIchildren compared to controls. Moreover, plasma metabolomic analysis carried out for a subgroup of 10 ICSI- and 10 NC girls using Gas Chromatography-Mass Spectrometry (GC-MS) indicated clear differences between the two groups, characterized by 36 metabolites linked to obesity, insulin resistance and metabolic syndrome. Notably, the distinction between the two girl subgroups was accentuated when both their biochemical and metabolomic measurements were employed. Conclusions: The present study contributes a large auxological and biochemical dataset of a well-defined group of prepubertal ICSI-conceived subjects to the research of the ART effect to the offspring's health. Moreover, it is the first time that the relevant usefulness of metabolomics was investigated. The acquired results are consistent with early insulin resistance in ICSI-offspring, paving the way for further systematic investigations. These data support that metabolomics may unravel metabolic differences before they become clinically or biochemically evident, underlining its utility in the ART research. © 2014 Gkourogianni et al. ER  - 
Vitamin D intake and cardiometabolic risk factors in adolescents; Background: A growing body of research suggests that vitamin D might play an important role in overall health. No data exist on vitamin D intake for the Azorean adolescent population. The purpose of this study was to assess vitamin D intake and investigate a possible association between vitamin D intake and cardiometabolic risk factors in Azorean adolescents. Methods: A cross-sectional school-based study was conducted on 496 adolescents (288 girls) aged 15-18 years from the Azorean Islands, Portugal. Anthropometric measurements (waist circumference and height), blood pressure (systolic), and plasma biomarkers [fasting glucose, insulin, total cholesterol (TC), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), and triglycerides (TGs)] were measured to assess metabolic risk. Homeostasis model assessment (HOMA), TC-to-HDL-C ratio, and waist-to-height ratio were calculated. For each of these variables, a Z-score was computed by age and sex. A metabolic risk score was constructed by summing the Z-scores of all individual risk factors. High risk was considered when the individual had ≥1 standard deviation (SD) of this score. Vitamin D intake was assessed with a semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire. Participants were classified into quartiles of vitamin D intake. Logistic regression was used to determine odds ratios for high cardiometabolic risk scores after adjusting for total energy intake, pubertal stage, fat mass percentage, and cardiorespiratory fitness. Results: Mean (SD) vitamin D intake was 5.8 (6.5) μg/day, and 9.1% of Azorean adolescents achieved the estimated average requirement of vitamin D (10 μg/day or 400?IU). Logistic regression showed that the odds ratio for a high cardiometabolic risk score was 3.35 [95% confidence interval (CI) 1.28-8.75] for adolescents in the lowest vitamin D intake quartile in comparison with those in the highest vitamin D intake quartile, even after adjustment for confounders. Conclusion: A lower level of vitamin D intake was associated with worse metabolic profile among Azorean adolescents. © Copyright 2014, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. 2014. ER  - 
Treated and untreated women with idiopathic precocious puberty: Long-term follow-up and reproductive outcome between the third and fifth decades; Context Central precocious puberty (CPP), treated or untreated, may have implications in adulthood. Objective To assess the reproductive outcome and social adjustment of former CPP women between the 3rd and 5th decades of life. Design Cross-sectional study of an historical cohort. Methods Demographic data and gynaecological history of 214 CPP women aged 25-56 years [135 GnRH analogue (GnRHa)-treated, 18 cyproterone acetate (CyA)-treated, 61 untreated] and of 446 controls with normal puberty, matched for age and year of birth, were recorded in a structured interview. Results Marital status, education and number of children were similar in CPP women and controls. Clinical hyperandrogenism (acne/hirsutism with oligomenorrhoea) was more frequently reported in CPP women than in controls: GnRHa-treated 29·6% vs 17·4% (P = 0·006), CyA-treated 50% vs 20·4% (P = 0·04), untreated 34·4% vs 17·2% (P = 0·003), with no significant difference between CPP groups. Spontaneous pregnancy was similarly achieved by treated CPP and controls: GnRHa-treated 90·4% vs 93·4%, CyA-treated 86·7% vs 90·2%. Assisted fertilization rate was higher in untreated CPP than treated CPP groups (P = 0·006) and controls (P = 0·03). Untreated CPP was the only parameter associated with clinical hyperandrogenism (OR=2·04, 95% CI, 1·0-4·16, P = 0·07) and fertility problems (OR=3·40, 95% CI, 1·15-10·0, P = 0·047). Course of pregnancy was uneventful in 90·2% of CPP women and 90·9% of controls. Conclusions The increased rate of clinical hyperandrogenism among CPP women implies that the underlying neuroendocrine dysfunction persists into adult life. Pubertal suppression treatment may have a protective effect as fertility problems were more prevalent only among untreated CPP women. Educational achievements and marital status were unaffected by CPP. © 2013 John Wiley & Sons Ltd. ER  - 
Effects of correction of vitamin D insufficiency on serum osteocalcin and glucose metabolism in obese children; Objectives Osteocalcin (OCN) and vitamin D insufficiency (VDI) have been shown to be associated with abnormal glucose metabolism (GluMet). Whether correction of VDI affects serum OCN is unknown. This study evaluated the effects of correction of VDI on OCN and GluMet, and determined the associations of OCN with 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25-OHD) and GluMet. Design, patients and measurements This study involved 230 obese children in a cross-sectional part and 72 participants in a prospective part in which children with VDI were treated with vitamin D2 at a dose of 20 000 IU daily for 28 days. All 230 children underwent an oral glucose tolerance test and had their serum total and undercarboxylated OCNs and 25-OHD measured. Forty of 72 children were reassessed for the GluMet and serum total and undercarboxylated OCNs and 25-OHD after the vitamin D2 treatment. Results In the prospective part, correction of VDI by raising mean (SD) 25-OHD of 51·5 (12·3) to 141·8 (40·8) nmol/l resulted in an improvement of their GluMet and increase in their whole-body insulin sensitivity index with no changes in their OCN measures. In the cross-sectional part, after adjustments for age, sex and puberty, the total (β = 0·322) and undercarboxylated OCNs (β = 0·315) were positively associated with insulinogenic index, which is an index of insulin secretion (P = 0·034 and 0·037, respectively) in the group of prediabetic and diabetic children. Conclusions Correction of VDI increased insulin sensitivity and improved GluMet, but had no effect on serum OCN measures. OCN was associated with increased insulin secretion in children with abnormal GluMet. © 2013 John Wiley & Sons Ltd. ER  - 
Gestational diabetes mellitus, maternal obesity, and adiposity in offspring; Objective To determine the effects of maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on offspring adiposity in a well-characterized cohort of Mexican American mother-child pairs. Study design This study included 62 Mexican American mothers and their index offspring. Maternal GDM and normal glucose status during index pregnancy were documented, and mothers were previously matched by age, body mass index (BMI), and parity. Mother-child pairs were recruited when offspring were between the ages of 5 and 16 years. A medical history was collected, and anthropometrics were measured. Main outcome measures were offspring BMI, BMI z-scores, BMI percentiles, and hip and waist circumferences. Results GDM-exposed offspring (n = 37) had greater measures of BMI (all P ≤.02) and greater waist and hip circumferences (both P =.002) compared with 25 offspring of non-GDM mothers. Adjustment for offspring age, sex, Tanner stage, birth weight, months of breastfeeding, maternal prepregnancy BMI, and pregnancy weight gain attenuated the differences, but BMI z-score and BMI percentile remained significantly greater in the GDM-exposed group (P <.05). Conclusion Intrauterine exposure to GDM is associated with greater adiposity in Mexican American children, and this relationship is not mediated by maternal obesity. In contrast to previous reports, this study included only Mexican Americans; thus, ethnic variations may influence the contributions of maternal GDM and maternal obesity to offspring adiposity. © 2014 Mosby Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Differences in the prevalence of metabolic disorders between prepubertal boys and girls from 5 to 8 years of age; Aim To determine the prevalence of metabolic abnormalities, and differences between the sexes, in prepubertal overweight and normal weight children aged from 5 to 8 years, without any signs of health impairments or metabolic disturbances at the time of recruitment. Methods General health status and inflammatory markers were assessed in 100 overweight and 51 normal weight children, who were living in Germany and had undergone mandatory medical examinations. The study comprised of 81 girls and 70 boys. Results Despite being recruited as healthy, 73% of the overweight children and 16% of the normal weight children were found to suffer from one or more metabolic abnormalities, such as hypertension or insulin resistance. Girls with a body mass index (BMI) percentile of ≥80th showed an increased susceptibility to metabolic disorders, and a similar effect was found for boys with a BMI percentile of ≥95th. Plasma levels of pro-inflammatory markers, such as plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 and leptin, were also significantly higher in overweight than normal weight children. Conclusion Metabolic and cardiovascular abnormalities and pro-inflammatory markers were prevalent in overweight prepubertal children. The prevalence rates appeared to differ between the sexes. ©2013 Foundation Acta Pædiatrica. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd. ER  - 
Influence of adiposity on cardiac structure in healthy children; Background: Although the influence of obesity and physical activity on left atrial (LA) and left ventricular (LV) size has been documented in adults, there is limited information in healthy children. In particular, previous studies in children have assessed the relationship between adiposity and LA and LV size have not accounted for the potential confounding effects of physical activity and cardiorespiratory fitness. We sought to investigate the effect of fat mass on LA and LV structure in healthy pre-adolescent children, accounting for the effects of physical activity and cardiorespiratory fitness. Methods: In this community-based prospective cohort study of Australian pre-adolescent children, we assessed fat mass by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry; physical activity by 7-day pedometer count; cardiorespiratory fitness by 20-m shuttle run; pubertal development by Tanner stage; and LA volume, LV volume and LV mass by transthoracic echocardiography at baseline and after a median follow-up period of 2 years. Results: Of the 546 children (10.1 ± 0.3 years at baseline) who completed all assessments and had no cardiac disease or chronic illnesses such as diabetes mellitus, 278 (50.9%) were boys. With adjustments for confounding variables including body size and pubertal development, fat mass was associated with an increase in LA volume (p<0.007 for boys and girls), LV end-diastolic volume (p=0.007 for boys; p<0.001 for girls) and LV mass (p=0.009 for boys; p<0.001 for girls). These relationships were not attenuated by the effects of physical activity and cardiorespiratory fitness. Conclusion: Increased adiposity augments the age-related increases in LA size, LV size and LV mass. These findings provide novel data that are needed to identify the mechanisms by which obesity-related metabolic disease may lead to the development of cardiovascular disease in adulthood. ER  - 
Polycystic ovarian syndrome: A risk factor for endometrial carcinoma? A retrospective cross sectional case control study in a busy unit in Srilanka; Introduction Although polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is commonly cited as a risk factor for endometrial cancer, supporting epidemiological evidence is currently very limited. Our aim was to assess the associations between PCOS, PCOS symptoms, and risk of endometrial cancer in a cohort of Sri Lankan women. Methods A retrospective cross-sectional case-control study was performed in patients with confirmed histology diagnosis of endometrial carcinoma who were being followed-up at a busy cancer unit. A total of 215 women were included in this study. Seventy-one women were included with endometrial cancer and PCOS (group A). The control group included 144 women who had a diagnosis of PCOS confirmed and no evidence of endometrial cancer (group B). A four point validated questionnaire was discussed with all the participants and analysed in a spreadsheet. Statistical analysis was performed with P < 0.05 as significant result. Ethical approval was sought as per the Declaration of Helsinki, World Health Organization. Results The mean age of women with endometrial cancer at diagnosis was 57.2 ± 9.4 years; their average age at menarche was 13 years (range 11-17) and 14 women (19.7%) were nulliparous. There were 11 women <50 years of age and 60 women more than 50 years of age in group A with confirmed PCOS. PCOS as determined by the questionnaire was observed in 4 (36%) cases <50 years of age compared to 7 (11.6%) cases more than 50 years of age with a P < value of 0.018. A cohort of women with endometrial cancer attending the unit revealed they had type 2 diabetes and hypertension at a prevalence rate of 26.8% and 29.65% respectively. Obesity was associated in 33 women (46.5%) in group A compared to 21 women (14.6%) in group B. Conclusion The prevalence of PCOS in group A was 15.5% compared to 9.7% in group B which is statistically not significant (P = 0.21). However PCOS was seen in a greater proportion of endometrial cancer patients whose diagnosis of cancer had been made at or below the age of 50 years. PCOS symptoms including hirsutism and very irregular periods were not significantly associated with endometrial cancer risk in our study (P = 0.48). We believe a population based study involving women below 50 years of age may address this important question of the association of PCOS and endometrial cancer. ER  - 
Urine π-Glutathion S-transferase but not Tamm-Horsfall protein correlates with Carotid artery intima media thickness in childhood type1 diabetes; Background: Renal disease remains a serious threat in patients with insulin-dependent (type1) diabetes. Hence its detection early in the life of patients with type1 diabetes is crucial. Several lines of evidence suggest similar mechanisms for the development of both renal and arterial disease. We sought to investigate in young patients with type1 diabetes whether π-Glutathione S-transferase to creatinine (π-GST:crea) and Tamm-Horsfall protein to creatinine (THP:crea) ratios, markers of distal tubular renal function, relate to subclinical markers of arterial disease, which appear to onset early and develop rapidly in type1 diabetes.Methods: Seventy-one children and adolescents (median age and diabetes duration 14 and 6 years, respectively) with type1 diabetes for at least 6 months were assessed for timed urine levels of π-GST, THP, HbA1c, albumin, and plasma C-reactive protein (CRP). Carotid artery intima-media thickness (IMT), brachial artery flow-mediated dilatation (FMD), and cutaneous microvascular function were assessed by high-resolution ultrasound and laser Doppler, respectively.Results: Two patients had microalbuminuria (> 20 μg/min), and were therefore removed from the study population. π-GST:crea ratio and THP:crea showed no relationship to the demographic, diabetes, or inflammatory indices. Lower π-GST:crea ratio was associated with greater IMT (p = 0.01, r = -0.29), particularly in female patients (p = 0.004, r = -0.49). The association of π-GST:crea ratio with IMT was stronger in patients with passive smoke exposure (p = 0.002, r = -0.43). Among post-pubertal patients, lower π-GST:crea ratio was also associated with lower microvascular response to Ach (acetylcholine; p = 0.03, r = 0.49).Conclusions: In young patients with type1 diabetes, proximal tubular dysfunction as suggested by lower levels of π-GST:crea ratio seems to be paralleled by changes in arterial structure and microvascular function. © 2014 Holmquist and Liuba; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
High sodium intake is associated with short leukocyte telomere length in overweight and obese adolescents; Introduction: The aging process in children and adolescents is accelerated resulting in the premature development of “adult” diseases such as hypertension and diabetes. Telomere shortening plays a key role in human aging; identifying factors that regulate this process is important for developing effective lifestyle interventions so as to prevent and treat age-associated diseases. In vitro and in vivo studies demonstrate that high salt content markedly decreases life span, and accelerates cellular aging through increased DNA breakage. However, the effect of high salt diet on telomere length, a marker of biological aging, remains unknown. Therefore, we aimed to test the hypothesis that high dietary sodium intake is inversely associated with leukocyte telomere length, especially in the context of obesity. Methods: Leukocyte telomere length (T/S ratio) was assessed by a quantitative polymerase chain reaction method in 766 adolescents aged 14-18 years (50% female, 49% African Americans). Diet was assessed with three to seven 24-h recalls, and physical activity was determined by accelerometry. Participants were classified according to low vs. high sodium intake (below or above the median), and according to weight status (normal vs. overweight/obese). Analysis of covariance and linear regression analyses were used to determine the effects of sodium intake and weight status on leukocyte telomere length. Results: After controlling for age, sex, race, energy intake, Tanner stage, and vigorous physical activity, a statistically significant sodium intake by weight status interaction was observed, such that leukocyte telomere length was significantly shorter in the high sodium intake vs. low sodium intake subjects from the overweight/obese group (1.24 ± 0.22 vs. 1.32 ± 0.21, p=0.02), but not the normal weight group (1.29 ± 0.24 vs. 1.30 ± 0.24, p=0.69). Consistent with the low vs. high sodium intake group data, multiple linear regression analyses, adjusting for age, sex, race, energy intake, Tanner stage and vigorous physical activity, revealed that higher dietary sodium intake was associated with shorter leukocyte telomere length in the overweight/obese group (β=-0.37, p=.045), but not the normal weight group. Conclusion: High dietary sodium intake is associated with shorter telomere length in overweight and obese adolescents suggesting that high sodium intake and obesity may act synergistically to accelerate cellular aging. Longitudinal studies are warranted to determine the synergistic effect of high sodium intake and obesity on telomere shortening over time. ER  - 
CYP19A1 promoter methylation in saliva associated with milestones of pubertal timing in urban girls; Background: Childhood obesity and early puberty are intermediate risk factors for later metabolic and reproductive disorders including diabetes, polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS), and breast cancer. Atypical methylation patterns in genes related to hormone and adipose metabolism, such as CYP19A1 (aromatase) and PPARG (peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma), are associated with alterations in gene expression which may contribute to pathogenesis of these diseases. If present in early life, it is conceivable similar methylation aberrations may result in hormone perturbations that alter pubertal timing.Methods: We used Cox proportional hazard models to investigate whether promoter methylation of CYP19A1 and PPARG, independently or in concert with body weight, was associated with age at breast (B2) or pubic hair development (PH2) when assayed in saliva DNA collected from a cohort of New York City, Black and Hispanic girls (N = 130) enrolled in a study of pubertal timing between 6-8 years of age.Results: An inverse association between CYP19A1 methylation and risk of early PH2 was suggested (HR = 0.95, 95% CI = 0.90-1.00, p = 0.05). CYP19A1 methylation also appeared to modify risk of early B2 associated with body weight. Specifically, compared to normal weight girls with 'high' CYP19A1 methylation, significantly increased risk of early B2 was observed in overweight girls with 'low' but not 'high' CYP19A1 methylation (HR = 2.15; 95% CI = 1.23- 3.76). However, in formal tests for effect modification, the interaction between body weight and methylation did not reach statistical significance (p for interaction = 0.085). PPARG methylation was not significantly associated with PH2 or B2.Conclusions: Though limited by sample size, our findings suggest methylation of CYP19A1, a critical gene in estrogen biosynthesis, may influence timing of breast development in overweight girls. Consistent with emerging reports, these data support the notion that epigenetic marks in surrogate tissues may improve risk prediction when added to standard plasma and anthropometric indicators, and warrant further study. © 2014 Stueve et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Epidemiological investigation of physique situation for birth high-risk children aged 9-15 years in Chengdu, Southwest China; Background: As the intrauterine environment can effect children's growth and development, this study aimed to explore the relationship between birth high-risk and physique situation of 9 to 15-year-old children by cross-sectional investigation, and to provide clues for the monitoring, prevention, and treatment of growth deviation in children. Materials and Methods: This study recruited 7,194 students aged 9 to 15 years in primary and junior schools. Their parents were asked to complete the birth situation questionnaire. Measurements included height, weight, and body mass index (BMI). Birth high-risk infant was defined according to the gestational age and birth weight. Growth deviation was classified as underweight, short stature, overweight, and obesity. Results: The prevalence of all kinds of growth deviations in preterm, full-term, and post-term birth groups were similar, the same as the physique situation at school age among both sexes. The incidence of small for gestational age (SGA) was 6.23%, when at school age, part of SGA had catch-up growth. However, the prevalence of underweight and short stature for SGA was highest in three groups. The weight and height at school age in SGA group was less than that in appropriate for gestational age (AGA) and large for gestational age (LGA) groups. The prevalence of overweight and obesity for LGA and macrosomia were highest in three groups. At school age, the weight in macrosomia and LGA groups was higher than that in the other groups. Conclusions: Longitudinal height and weight development and growth of children with birth high-risk are different from normal children. In order to improve healthy situation, more attention should be paid to height and weight development of those children with birth high-risk at school age, even in pre-school age. Prevention may already begin during pregnancy. ER  - 
Undercarboxylated osteocalcin relates to cardiovascular risk markers in offspring of families with metabolic syndrome; Background: The undercarboxylated form of osteocalcin (ucOC) is an emerging marker of cardiovascular disease. It is unknown if ucOC in related to common cardiovascular risk markers in children. In offspring of families with and without metabolic syndrome (MetS+ and MetS- families), we assessed whether ucOC was related to a continuous metabolic syndrome score (MetS score) and to carotid intima-media thickness (cIMT). Methods: ucOC and total OC, MetS score and cIMT were assessed in 203 asymptomatic prepubertal children (age 7.6±0.1yr; 49% girls), of whom 99 were from MetS+ families. Results: In children from MetS+ families, percent ucOC was higher than in children from MetS- families (p<0.01). In offpring from MetS+ families, higher ucOC and especially higher percent ucOC was independently associated with both the MetS score and cIMT (both p≤0.01). Conclusions: The undercarboxylated form of OC is related to common cardiovascular risk markers in children at risk for cardiovascular disease. © 2014 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. ER  - 
Bilateral oophorectomy and the risk of incident diabetes in postmenopausal women; OBJECTIVE Ovarian hormones regulate glucose uptake and insulin sensitivity. Despite the high frequency of surgical menopause, its relationship with diabetes has not been extensively investigated. We assessed the association between hysterectomy with or without bilateral oophorectomy (BSO) status, menopausal age, and reproductive life span with incident diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS Data were from a cohort of 2,597 postmenopausal women enrolled in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey I Epidemiologic Follow-up Study without diabetesmellitus at baseline. Cox proportional hazards regressionmodels were used to calculate adjusted hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% CIs. RESULTS After a median follow-up time of 9.2 years, the incidence of diabetes (in cases per 1,000 person-years) was 7.4 for women with no hysterectomy or BSO, 8.2 for hysterectomy alone, and 8.5 for hysterectomywith BSO. Hysterectomy statuswas associated positively with diabetes (HR 1.66, 95% CI 1.23-2.23). However, the elevated risk was restricted to women with both hysterectomy and BSO after adjustment for relevant confounders (HR 1.57, 95% CI 1.03-2.41). An earlier age at menopause and a shorter reproductive life span also exhibited a linear relationship with the development of diabetes irrespective of type of menopause (P for trend = 0.001). CONCLUSIONS Women with hysterectomy concomitant with BSO may represent a unique population with elevated risk for diabetes and other chronic diseases. Therefore, the decision to remove the ovaries at the time of hysterectomy for benign conditions during the premenopausal years should be balanced with the risk of diabetes and its potential complications. Furthermore, the mechanism linking BSO to diabetes mellitus needs to be clarified. © 2014 by the American Diabetes Association. ER  - 
The association of vitamin D status with cardiometabolic risk factors, obesity and puberty in children; Low serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D3 (25(OH)D) levels have been associated with insulin resistance and cardiovascular diseases. The influences of gender, puberty and adiposity on vitamin D status and the relationship between 25(OH)D and cardiometabolic risk factors in obese and non-obese children were studied. A retrospective analysis was carried out on 168 Turkish children during late winter. Age, gender, puberty, body mass index (BMI), 25(OH)D levels and cardiometabolic risk factors including lipid profiles, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein and insulin resistance index calculated by homeostasis model assessment (HOMA-IR) were evaluated. The median age of the study population was 11 (4-16) years, and 102 children (60.7 %) were prepubertal. Overall, 98.2 % of patients had 25(OH)D levels lower than 20 ng/mL (median 10.0 (4.0-21.3) ng/mL). The 25(OH)D levels did not correlate with BMI. However, an inverse correlation was seen between serum 25(OH)D and HOMA-IR (rho = -0.656, p = 0.006) and insulin (rho = -0.715, p = 0.002) in pubertal obese subjects. Female gender and puberty were all negatively associated with 25(OH)D. Conclusion: The association between vitamin D status and BMI is complex, and it does not seem to be altered by mild obesity. In addition, potential influence of puberty should be kept in mind while assessing the relationship between serum 25(OH)D and cardiometabolic risk factors. © 2013 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg. ER  - 
Children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus have a sixfold greater risk for prolonged QTc interval; Background: QT-wave abnormalities have been detected in type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM). Prolongation of the heart rate corrected QT interval (QTc) has been associated with cardiovascular mortality. We evaluated how often QT/QTc abnormalities are present in youth with T1DM and if they are associated with disease parameters. Methods: Sixty-two T1DM youngsters and equal age- and gender-matched controls were studied. Demographic, anthropometric, and laboratory data were determined. QT was measured on a 12-lead resting electrocardiogram. QTc was calculated using Bazett's formula. Results: T1DM patients had significantly longer QT/QTc than controls, but significance disappeared after adjustment for confounders. Abnormally prolonged QTc≥440 ms was observed six times more frequently in those with T1DM. QT was correlated with age, age at disease onset, but not with glycated hemoglobin or diabetes duration; QTc was only correlated with pubertal stage. Conclusions: T1DM youths have a sixfold increased risk for QT/QTc prolongation and should have regular follow-up for cardiac autonomic dysfunction. © 2014 by Walter de Gruyter Berlin Boston 2014. ER  - 
Alterations in the antioxidant defense system in prepubertal children with a history of extrauterine growth restriction; Purpose: The role of oxidative stress is well known in the pathogenesis of acquired malnutrition. Intrauterine growth restriction has been associated with an imbalance in oxidative stress/antioxidant system. Therefore, early postnatal environment and, consequently, extrauterine growth restriction might be associated with alterations in the antioxidant defense system, even in the prepubertal stage. Methods: This is a descriptive, analytical, and observational case-control study. The study included two groups; 38 Caucasian prepubertal children born prematurely and with a history of extrauterine growth restriction as the case group, and 123 gender- and age-matched controls. Plasma exogenous antioxidant (retinol, β-carotene, and α-tocopherol) concentrations were measured by HPLC; antioxidant enzyme activities of catalase, glutathione reductase, glutathione peroxidase, and superoxide dismutase were determined in lysed erythrocytes by spectrophotometric techniques. Results: Catalase and glutathione peroxidase concentrations were significantly lower in extrauterine growth restriction children than in controls (P < 0.001). Lower plasma retinol concentrations were found in the case group (P = 0.029), while concentrations of β-carotene and α-tocopherol were higher (P < 0.001) in extrauterine growth restriction prepubertal children as compared with controls. After correction by gestational age, birth weight, and length, statistically significant differences were also found, except for retinol. Conclusions: Prepubertal children with a history of extrauterine growth restriction present alterations in their antioxidant defense system. Knowing these alterations may be important in establishing pharmacological and nutritional treatments as this situation might be associated with higher metabolic disorders in adulthood. © 2013 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg. ER  - 
Family-based psychoeducation and care ambassador intervention to improve glycemic control in youth with type 1 diabetes: A randomized trial; Objective: Youth with type 1 diabetes frequently do not achieve glycemic targets. We aimed to improve glycemic control with a Care Ambassador (CA) and family-focused psychoeducational intervention. Research design and methods: In a 2-yr, randomized, clinical trial, we compared three groups: (i) standard care, (ii) monthly outreach by a CA, and (iii) monthly outreach by a CA plus a quarterly clinic-based psychoeducational intervention. The psychoeducational intervention provided realistic expectations and problem-solving strategies related to family diabetes management. Data on diabetes management and A1c were collected, and participants completed surveys assessing parental involvement in management, diabetes-specific family conflict, and youth quality of life (QOL). The primary outcome was A1c at 2yr; secondary outcomes included maintaining parent involvement and avoiding deterioration in glycemic control. Results: We studied 153 youth (56% female, median age 12.9yr) with type 1 diabetes (mean A1c 8.4±1.4%). There were no differences in A1c across treatment groups. Among youth with suboptimal baseline A1c ≥8%, more youth in the psychoeducation group maintained or improved their A1c and maintained or increased parent involvement than youth in the other two groups combined (77 vs. 52%, p=0.03; 36 vs. 11%, p=0.01, respectively) without negative impact on youth QOL or increased diabetes-specific family conflict. Conclusions: No differences in A1c were detected among the three groups at 2yr. The psychoeducational intervention was effective in maintaining or improving A1c and parent involvement in youth with suboptimal baseline glycemic control. © 2013 John Wiley & Sons A/S. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd. ER  - 
Serum ferritin and nutritional status: Insights from an eating disorders clinic population; Objective To determine the relationship between serum ferritin and malnutrition in newly assessed patients at a paediatric eating disorders clinic. Design This was a prospectively assessed clinical cohort study. Setting Intake assessment clinic of a tertiary eating disorders service for children and adolescents. Methods Clinical, anthropometric and laboratory features of children and adolescents were systematically measured. The relationship of serum ferritin to other clinical, anthropometric and laboratory measures was determined using linear regression. Results A total of 121 female patients aged 9.5-17.6 years were included, with body mass index (BMI) z score -5.7 to 1.9 (median -1.3). Using multiple regression, serum ferritin was inversely associated with BMI z score (regression coefficient (β)=-0.234, 95% CI -0.413 to -0.055) and serum insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) (β=-0.476, 95% CI -0.884 to -0.068) and positively associated with alanine aminotransferase (β=0.357, 95% CI 0.055 to 0.659, controlling for age, pubertal stage and serum iron). Conclusions In malnourished adolescents with eating disorders increased serum ferritin is associated with lower BMI z score and serum IGF-1. ER  - 
Identification of lifestyle patterns, including sleep deprivation, associated with insulin resistance in children: The healthy growth study; Background/Objectives:Although diet, physical activity (PA), sedentary behavior and sleep deprivation are factors that have been individually associated with insulin resistance (IR) in childhood, the combined effect of these lifestyle behaviors has not been examined yet. The current study aimed to examine the association of lifestyle patterns with IR, combining all these indices, in children.Subjects/Methods:Socio-economic, demographic, anthropometric (body weight, height and waist circumference), biochemical (plasma glucose and serum insulin), clinical (pubertal stage) and lifestyle (dietary intake, PA level and sleeping habits) data were collected from a representative sample of 2026 children (50.1% girls) aged 9-13 years in Greece. Homeostasis model assessment (HOMA-IR) was calculated, and principal component analysis was used to identify lifestyle patterns, combining all these lifestyle indices.Results:In multivariable regression analyses, the lifestyle pattern characterized by more screen time, shorter sleep duration and higher consumption of sugared beverages was positively associated with HOMA-IR (β=0.043; P=0.040), whereas the pattern characterized by more time spent on moderate-to-vigorous PA (MVPA) and more frequent eating occasions was inversely associated with HOMA-IR (β=-0.061; P=0.003). In logistic regression analyses, children with 72.2 min/day of MVPA and 5.05 eating occasions/day and children with 141.8 min/day of MVPA and 5.22 eating occasions/day were less likely of being insulin resistant based on HOMA-IR, compared with children with 20.0 min/day of MVPA and 4.09 eating occasions/day.Conclusions:A lifestyle pattern of >72 min of MVPA and 5 eating occasions/day was associated with reduced likelihood of IR in children. © 2014 Macmillan Publishers Limited. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Obesity and estrogen levels in pre-pubertal girls participants in the growth and obesity chilean study; Objective: To determine if girls with higher total body fat (TF) or central fat (CF) between 4-7 years are associated with higher levels of estrogen during pre-puberty at age 7. Methods: Longitudinal study of 107 pre-pubertal girls, of low-middle class from Santiago, Chile (random sample of the cohort “Growth and Obesity Chilean Study”). Since age 4, nutritionists measured weight, height, circumferences and skin folds. TF includes: body mass index (BMI), the Z-score (WHO), and percent body fat and CF defined by waist circumference. At age 7 estradiol equivalent (EEq) was measured by ultrasensitive recombinant cell bioassay, DHEA-S, insulin, IGF- 1, leptin, and skeletal maturation by BonAge®. We compared TF and CF in girls with EEq>4pg/ml and <4pg/ml (OR and 95% CI) adjusting by confounders. Results: At 4, 5 and 7 years, percentage of girls with overweight (BMI>1SD) were 44%, 35% and 40%, and mean body fat percentage was 24%, 25% and 28%, respectively. At 7 years, 11% had central obesity (waist circumference >90th percentile) and showed a mean EEq of 3.6 pg/ ml (+/-2.3 pg/ml). In crude and adjusted models we did not find any association between the TF and CF and EEq. Conclusion: The girls in this study have higher levels of EEq than those reported in previous studies at same age (3.6 pg/ml (+/-2.3 pg/ml) vs. 0.6 pg/ml (+/-0.6 pg/ml)). These higher levels of EEq are not associated with obesity, thus this could be associated with other potential endocrine disruptors. ER  - 
Gender differences in the association of insulin resistance and high-sensitivity c-reactive protein in obese adolescents; Background: Low-grade vascular inflammation is believed to initiate early atherosclerotic process by inducing insulin resistance (IR), with significant gender differences in adults. We evaluated the relationship between surrogate measures of inflammation and IR in obese adolescents.Methods: The association among markers of inflammation [high-sensitivity c-reactive protein (hs-CRP)] and IR, cardiometabolic risk factors and body composition was retrospectively examined in 199 obese adolescents [(111 F/88 M), aged 15.5 ± 1.2 years]. Insulin resistance was assessed using homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR).Results: Males had higher body mass index SD-score (BMI-SDS), fat mass (FM), glucose, insulin, HOMA-IR, HbA1c, hs-CRP, triglycerides: HDL-C (TG:HDL-C) ratio than females (p < 0.05), whereas females had higher c-peptide: insulin ratio than males (p < 0.05). Also, 50.8% of subjects were identified with metabolic syndrome with similar gender distribution (M: 57.9% vs. F: 45.1%, p = 0.32). Hs-CRP was correlated with HOMA-IR in the cohort, even when controlling for FM (r = 0.26; p < 0.0001). However, hs-CRP and HOMA-IR displayed a significant correlation only in females (r = 0.37; p < 0.0001) when adjusting for FM and pubertal status. Also, c-peptide: insulin ratio was inversely correlated with hs-CRP (r = -0.32; p < 0.001) and HOMA-IR (r = -0.62; p < 0.0001) and partially mediated the relationship between these biomarkers only among females (β = 0.36, p < 0.001 to β = 0.18, p < 0.05; Sobel Test: p < 0.01).Conclusions: A positive association between hs-CRP and HOMA-IR was observed only in adolescent girls which was influenced by altered hepatic insulin clearance. This implies that obese adolescent girls may be at greatest risk of developing early atherosclerosis and diabetes. ER  - 
General immune dampening is associated with disturbed metabolism at diagnosis of type 1 diabetes; Background:Type 1 diabetes (T1D) is a serious diagnosis with the prospect of grave short- and long-term complications and even death if poorly managed. An attempt has been made to describe how clinical and immunological deviations might influence each other close to the diagnosis of T1D.Methods:Sixty-nine newly diagnosed T1D children were studied together with a reference group of 30 healthy children. Cytokines (interleukin (IL)-6, IL-10, IL-13, IL-17, interferon-γ, and tumor necrosis factor-) were detected in in vitro culture by multiplex fluorochrome technique. Information of clinical status of the patients such as BMI, weight loss, pubertal stage, duration of symptoms, previous and/or ongoing infections, insulin requirement, and ketoacidosis were gathered together with the analysis of C-peptide and glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c).Results:In general, low cytokine secretion was found at diagnosis of T1D. However, high C-peptide, short duration of symptoms, or an infection prior to diagnosis was associated with increased immune activity including proinflammatory, Th2-associated, and Tr1-associated cytokines. In contrast, ketoacidosis and later pubertal stage at onset of disease were more related to a Th1-prone response.Conclusion:There is a general immune dampening at diagnosis of T1D, which appears to be related to the metabolic state close to diagnosis. Copyright © 2014 International Pediatric Research Foundation, Inc. ER  - 
Association between nontraditional risk factors and metabolic syndrome in Indigenous Argentinean schoolchildren; Background: Whether apolipoproteins (Apos) are better cardiovascular disease (CVD) markers than metabolic syndrome (MS) is widely debated. Measurement of Apo B is standardized, simple, and inexpensive and does not require fasting. The aim of this study was to compare the ability of nontraditional CVD markers such as Apo B, Apo B/Apo A, non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), vitamin D, and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) to identify children with MS. Subjects and Methods: A cross-sectional study of 355 Argentinean Koya schoolchildren (166 boys) 9.6±2.3 years old was performed in November 2011. Anthropometric measures, blood pressure, Tanner stages, and serum levels of glucose, lipids, insulin, Apo A, Apo B, and vitamin D were measured. Results: The prevalence of overweight/obesity was 10.7% (n=38), and that of underweight was 14.6% (n=52) using Centers for Disease Control and Prevention criteria. The prevalence of central obesity was 10.9% (38/355), high triglycerides was 11.1% (39/355), low HDL-C was 44.9% (158/355), hypertension was 12.8% (45/355), hyperglycemia was 0.3% (1/355), and MS was 4.2% (15/355). Several multiple logistic regression analyses showed that MS was significantly associated with HOMA-IR (odds ratio [OR], 3.6 [95% confidence interval (CI) 1.51-8.52]), non-HDL-C (OR, 1.03 [95% CI 1.007-1.049]), Apo B (OR, 1.06 [95% CI 1.03-1.09]), and Apo B/Apo A (OR, 78.3 [95% CI 3.67-1,674.4]) adjusted for age and gender. Furthermore, the areas under the receiver operator characteristic curves were as follows: Apo B, 0.77 (95% CI 0.63-0.90); Apo B/Apo A, 0.76 (95% CI 0.63-0.88); non-HDL-C, 0.72 (95% CI 0.57-0.85); and HOMA-IR, 0.69 (95% CI 0.49-0.90). These values indicate that these variables were acceptable predictors for MS. Conclusions: This is the first study of nontraditional markers in South American Indian children. MS was associated with multiple nontraditional markers of future CVD risk such as non-HDL-C, Apo B, and Apo B/Apo A. However, Apo B was the best predictor for MS, suggesting that it could be used as a risk marker of future CVD in this community. © Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. ER  - 
Reversal of early abnormalities in glucose metabolism in obese youth: Results of an intensive lifestyle randomized controlled trial; The childhood obesity epidemic has been accompanied by an increasing prevalence of type 2 diabetes (T2D), particularly in minority children. Twenty to thirty percent of obese youth have "prediabetes," a precursor to diabetes marked by insulin resistance, β-cell dysfunction, and impaired glucose tolerance. The Diabetes Prevention Program demonstrated that T2D could be prevented/delayed by intensive lifestyle modification in adults with prediabetes, but efficacy of similar interventions in youth has not been established. Therefore, we evaluated the effects of the Bright Bodies (BB) Healthy Lifestyle Program on 2-h oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) glucose in comparison with adolescents receiving standard of care. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS A parallel-group randomized controlled trial comparing BB with standard clinical care (CC) in obese adolescents (10-16 years old, Tanner stage >2) with elevated OGTT 2-h blood glucose (130-199 mg/dL) from a racially/ethnically diverse population. OGTTs, including cardiovascular and anthropometric assessments, were conducted at baseline and 6 months. Children attended BB twice per week for exercise and nutrition/behavior modification, and the CC group received CC from their pediatrician. Primary outcome was change in 2-h OGTT glucose and percentage conversion from elevated 2-h blood glucose to nonelevated (<130 mg/ dL) 2-h blood glucose. Changes in outcomes were compared between groups using an ANCOVA, with adjustment for baseline outcome and multiple imputation for missing data. RESULTS Reductions in 2-h glucose were more favorable in BB compared with CC (-27.2 vs. -10.1 mg/dL; difference = -17.1, 95% CI; P = 0.005). Moreover, greater conversion to <130 mg/dL 2-h glucose occurred in BB than CC (P = 0.003), and other insulin sensitivity indices were significantly improved. CONCLUSIONS Compared with standard of care, the Yale BB Program is amore effective means of reducing the risk of T2D in obese adolescents with elevated 2-h glucose levels. © 2014 by the American Diabetes Association. ER  - 
Decreased prevalence of hypercholesterolaemia and stabilisation of obesity trends in 5-year-old children: Possible effects of changed public health policies; Abstract Background: Overweight/obesity in children is a worldwide public health problem. Together with hypercholesterolaemia they are associated with early atherosclerotic complications. Objectives: In this study, we aimed to investigate the anthropometric characteristics and total cholesterol (TC) levels in a population of 5-year-old children, to determine trends in the prevalence of overweight/obesity and hypercholesterolaemia in 5-year-old children over a period of 8 years (2001-2009) and to assess the impact of modified national nutritional guidelines for kindergartens implemented in 2005. Design: Cross-sectional studies of overweight/obesity prevalence in the years 2001, 2003-2005 and 2009, and hypercholesterolaemia in years 2001 and 2009, in 5-year-old children. Subjects: Altogether, 12 832 (6308 girls/6524 boys) children were included. Methods: Overweight/obesity was defined by IOTF criteria. Hypercholesterolaemia was defined by TC level O5 mmol/l. Multivariable logistic regression models were used. Results: No correlation between BMI values and TC levels was found. Overweight and obesity prevalence were stabilised from 2001 to 2009 (odds ratio (OR) (95% CI): 1.13 (0.99-1.3) and 1.13 (0.89-1.42) respectively). Girls were more frequently overweight/obese than boys (OR (95% CI): 0.71 (0.65-0.79) and 0.75 (0.64-0.89) respectively). Prevalence of hypercholesterolaemia significantly decreased from 2001 to 2009 (OR (95% CI): 0.47 (0.41-0.55)). It was less frequent in boys than in girls (OR (95% CI): O.7 (0.61-0.8)). Conclusions: This is the first study to describe a negative trend in the prevalence of hypercholesterolaemia in pre-pubertal children. In addition, the prevalence of overweight/obesity in these children has been stabilised. Nationwide changes in public health policies could have influenced these observations. © 2014 European Society of Endocrinology Printed in Great Britain. ER  - 
Frequency, risk factors, and adverse sequelae of bone loss in patients with ostomy for inflammatory bowel diseases; Background: Bone loss in patients with inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) with ostomy has not been systemically studied. The aims of the study were to evaluate the frequency, risk factors, and sequelae of bone loss in patients with IBD and stomas and to monitor the change in bone mineral density (BMD) over time after ostomy. Methods: A total of 126 patients met the inclusion criteria (i.e., those with IBD diagnosis and stoma), including ileostomy (N = 120), colostomy (N = 3), and jejunostomy (N = 3). BMD was measured on dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DEXA). Patients were classified as having normal or low BMD based on the International Society for Clinical Densitometry criteria. Thirty-two demographic and clinical variables were evaluated with logistic regression models. Results: At a median of 6.6 years (interquartile range, 2-18.7 yr) after stoma, 37 (29.4%) patients had a low BMD. On univariate analysis, there were no significant differences between the normal and low BMD groups in the following variables: gender, race, age at diagnosis of IBD, prevalence of Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis, age at ostomy, duration from diagnosis to DEXA and from ostomy to DEXA, menopausal age, diabetes, hypothyroidism, renal stones, short bowel syndrome, history of smoking or excessive alcohol use, family history of IBD or osteoporosis, daily calcium and vitamin D supplement, estrogen replacement, and steroid use. Body mass index was significantly lower in the low BMD group than the normal BMD group (23.3 ± 5.5 versus 26.0 ± 5.2, P = 0.013). Fragility fracture occurred in 8 (21.6%) patients in low BMD group and 4 (4.5%) patients in normal BMD group (P = 0.006). In a multivariate analysis, low body mass index was the only covariate-adjusted factor associated with low BMD. In patients with multiple DEXA scans available over time after ostomy, hip BMD was found to improve marginally, and the lumbar and femoral BMD remained stable. Conclusions: Low BMD was common in patients with IBD after ostomy, largely based on the findings in patients with CD with ileostomy. Fragility fracture was 5 times more frequent in patients with ostomy with low BMD compared with those with normal BMD. The low BMD was associated with a low body mass index. Screening and surveillance of BMD should routinely be performed, particularly in these patients at risk. Bone mass tends to stabilize over time after stoma. Copyright © 2013 Crohn's & Colitis Foundation of America, Inc. ER  - 
The response to gonadotropin releasing hormone (GnRH) stimulation test does not predict the progression to true precocious puberty in girls with onset of premature thelarche in the first three years of life; Context: Premature thelarche in early childhood may evolve into true precocious puberty. The individuation of cases progressing to precocious puberty is challenging. Objective: We analyzed the parameters predictive for progression in girls younger than 3 years. Design and Setting: We conducted a retrospective longitudinal study. Patients and Methods: A total of 450 girls referred for premature thelarche were initially evaluated, 353wereclinically monitored at 3-month intervals,and97 underwent endocrineandimaging assessment. Central precocious puberty (CPP) was diagnosed in girls showing LH peak response to GnRH testing >5 mU/mL with tuber cinereum hamartoma at magnetic resonance imaging, or with normal magnetic resonance imaging but progression of puberty during follow-up. Main Outcome Measure: We measured the progression to precocious puberty. Results: Idiopathic premature thelarche (IPT) was diagnosed in 85 of the 97 girls who underwent extensive evaluation, CPP in nine girls, and peripheral precocious puberty in three girls. The uterus was >34mmin six (7%) IPT girls and six (66.6%) CPP girls. Basal LH was >0.2 mU/mL in one (1.17%) IPT girl and eight (88.8%) CPP girls. LH peak was>5 mU/mL in 31 (36.4%) IPT girls and nine (100%) CPP girls. LH peak/FSH peak ratio was >1 in six (66.6%) CPP girls. Conclusions: None of the available tests alone allows identification of girls who will progress to precocious puberty. Elevated LH responses toGnRHarecommonbut are not related to progression toward puberty. The combined measurement of basal LH and longitudinal diameter of the uterus represents a reliable screening approach to identify subjects who should undergo GnRH testing. Copyright © 2014 by the Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Insulin-like peptide 3 (INSL3) in men with congenital hypogonadotropic hypogonadism/kallmann syndrome and effects of different modalities of hormonal treatment: A single-center study of 281 patients; Context: Insulin-like factor 3 (INSL3) is a testicular hormone secreted during fetal life, the neonatal period, and after puberty. Objective: To measure INSL3 levels in a large series of men with congenital hypogonadotropic hypogonadism (CHH)/ Kallmann syndrome (KS), in order to assess its diagnostic value and to investigate its regulation. Patients: We studied 281 CHH/KS patients (91 untreated, 96 receiving T, and 94 receiving combined gonadotropin therapy [human chorionic gonadotropin, hCG, and FSH]) and 72 age-matched healthy men. Methods: Serum INSL3 was immunoassayed with a validated RIA. Results: Mean (-SD) INSL3 levels (pg/mL) were 659 - 279 in controls and lower (60 - 43; P < .001) in untreated CHH/KS patients, with no overlap between the two groups,whenthe threshold of 250 pg/mL was used. Basal INSL3 levels were lower in both untreated CHH/KS men with cryptorchidism than in those with intrascrotal testes and in patients with testicular volumes below 4 mL. Significant positive correlations between INSL3 and both serum total T and LH levels were observed in untreated CHH/KS. Mean INSL3 levels remained low in T-treated CHH/KS patients and were significantly higher in men receiving combined hCG-FSH therapy (P < .001), but the increase was lower cryptorchid patients. FSH-hCG combination therapy or hCG monotherapy, contrary to T and FSH monotherapies, significantly increased INSL3 levels in CHH/KS. Conclusions: INSL3 is as sensitive a marker as T for the evaluation of altered Leydig cell function in CHH/KS patients. INSL3 levels correlate with LH levels in CHH/KS men showing, together with the rise in INSL3 levels during hCG therapy, that INSL3 secretion seems not constitutively secreted during adulthood but is dependence on pituitary LH. Copyright © 2014 by the Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Female sex, small size at birth and low family income increase the likelihood of insulin resistance in late childhood: The Healthy Growth Study; Objective: To identify among a wide range of perinatal indices, as well as certain family sociodemographic and parental characteristics, those independently associated with insulin resistance (IR) in late childhood. Methods: A representative sample of 2195 Greek schoolchildren, aged 9-13yr, was examined, and based on the biochemical indices collected IR was estimated using the homeostasis model assessment (HOMA-IR<3.16). Perinatal data were recorded from children's medical records, retrospectively, while family sociodemographics and parental anthropometrics were reported by parents. Results: The overall prevalence of IR was 28.4%, with a higher prevalence observed for girls compared with boys (p<0.05). Examination of univariate associations, per se, showed that maternal current and pre-pregnancy overweight/obesity, maternal smoking at early pregnancy, children's small birth weight, and rapid growth at infancy as well as female sex and non-Caucasian race increased the likelihood of IR. In contrast, folate supplementation during pregnancy, as well as higher paternal education and annual family income decreased the likelihood of IR in children. Inclusion of all above variables at a multivariable regression model highlighted female sex [odds ratios (OR): 1.67, 95% confidence intervals (CI): 1.30-2.13], small birth weight (OR: 1.41, 95% CI: 1.03-2.01), and higher annual family income (OR: 0.71, 95% CI: 0.53-0.95 for 12000-30000 € and OR: 0.68, 95% CI: 0.48-0.96 for >30000 €) as the only significant correlates of IR after also controlling for children's body mass index (BMI) and Tanner stage. Conclusions: The current study highlighted small birth weight and female sex as the only perinatal factors independently associated with the occurrence of IR in late childhood, when examined at a multivariable level with a wide range of perinatal indices as well as certain family sociodemographic and parental characteristics. © 2013 John Wiley & Sons A/S. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd. ER  - 
Insulin secretion and its association with physical activity, fitness and screen time in children; Objectives To determine the independent associations of moderate to vigorous physical activity (MVPA), fitness, screen time, and adiposity with insulin secretion in children. Design and Methods Caucasian youth (n = 423/630), 8-10 years old, with at least one obese biological parent, were studied (QUALITY cohort). Insulin secretion was measured using HOMA2-%B, area under the curve (AUC) of insulin to glucose over the first 30 minutes (AUC I/G t30min) of the OGTT and AUC I/Gt120min over 2 hours. Fitness was measured by VO2peak; percent fat mass (PFM) by DXA; 7-day MVPA by accelerometry; self-reported screen time included television, video game, or computer use. Models were adjusted for age, sex, season, puberty, PFM, and insulin sensitivity [IS] (HOMA2-IS, Matsuda-ISI). Results PFM was strongly associated with insulin secretion, even after adjustment for IS: for every 1% increase in PFM, insulin secretion increased from 0.3% to 0.8% across indices. MVPA was negatively associated with HOMA2-%B (P < 0.05), but not with OGTT-derived measures. Fitness was negatively associated with AUC I/G t120min (P < 0.05). Screen time showed a trend toward higher HOMA2-%B in girls (P = 0.060). Conclusions In children with an obese parent, lower insulin secretion is associated with lower adiposity, higher MVPA, better fitness, and possibly reduced screen time. © 2013 The Obesity Society. ER  - 
Poor school performance is associated with a larger gain in body mass index during puberty; Aim Social inequalities in type 2 diabetes and coronary heart disease may be established in formative school years. We investigated whether school performance is associated with adiposity and increase in body mass index (BMI) between 10 and 15 years of age. Methods A community sample of 2633 school children had height and weight measured in school at the ages of 10 and 15. Percentages of body fat and waist circumference were measured at the age of 15. Mean grades in several school subjects at the age of 15 (ninth school year) were divided into quartiles. A linear regression analysis with BMI as the main outcome took into account parental education and ethnicity, obtained from registers, and children's living habits, collected by questionnaires. Results In adjusted models, longitudinal changes in BMI between the ages of 10 and 15 were larger in the lowest quartiles of school grades compared with the highest: for girls, they were β = 0.45 (p = 0.007) and for boys they were β = 0.45 (p = 0.016). Cross-sectional regression analyses, with percentage of body fat and waist circumference as outcomes, showed similar results. Conclusion Our results suggest that school performance is one pathway to social inequalities in obesity in school children. © 2013 Foundation Acta Pædiatrica. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd. ER  - 
Nocturnal blood pressure non-dipping is prevalent in severely obese, prepubertal and early pubertal children; Aim To investigate the prevalence of nocturnal blood pressure dipping among obese prepubertal and early pubertal children and to analyse the relationship between dipping and measures of insulin-glucose metabolism or sleep-disordered breathing. Methods We studied 76 obese children (41% girls) under clinical care, with an average age of 10.4 ± 1.7 and a body mass index Z-score (BMI Z-score) of 6.2 ± 1.6. We performed a 24-h ambulatory blood pressure measurement. Non-dipping was defined as a nocturnal blood pressure reduction of <10%. We calculated measures of insulin-glucose metabolism from the performed frequently sampled intravenous glucose-tolerance test and from fasting blood samples. Overnight sleep polygraph recordings were performed to assess sleep-disordered breathing. Results Forty-two percent of the children were systolic non-dippers, and 17% were diastolic non-dippers. There were no associations between systolic or diastolic dipping and measures of insulin-glucose metabolism after adjustments for BMI Z-score, gender and pubertal status. There were no associations between dipping and measures of sleep-disordered breathing. Conclusion Nocturnal non-dipping was two times higher among severely obese, prepubertal and early pubertal children, compared to previous reports among children in general. There were no associations between nocturnal dipping and insulin-glucose metabolism or measures of sleep-disordered breathing in this group. © 2013 Foundation Acta Pædiatrica. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd. ER  - 
Left ventricular dysfunction in obese children and adolescents with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) may increase the risk for cardiac dysfunction. The present study aimed to determine whether, in children, NAFLD is associated with subclinical left ventricular (LV) structural and functional abnormalities independently of metabolic risk factors. We performed a complete echocardiographic study including tissue Doppler imaging, magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) for measurement of hepatic fat fraction (HFF) and abdominal fat mass distribution, along with lipid profile, insulin sensitivity, and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein in 108 obese children, 54 with (HFF ≥5%) and 54 without NAFLD, and 18 lean healthy subjects. The three groups were matched for age, gender, and pubertal status, and obese children with NAFLD were matched for body mass index/standard deviation score with those without NAFLD. Forty-one of the children with NAFLD underwent liver biopsy. Compared to controls and children without liver involvement, those with NAFLD had features of LV diastolic dysfunction, including higher E-to-e' ratio and lower e' tissue velocity. The Tei index (reflecting the combined systolic and diastolic LV function) was also significantly higher in NAFLD children. Among children with biopsy-proven NAFLD, 26 had definite nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and 15 were not-NASH. Patients with definite-NASH had significantly lower e' velocity and significantly higher E-to-e' and Tei index (P<0.001, respectively) than those without NASH. In multiple logistic regression analysis, NAFLD was the only statistically significant variable associated with increased E-to-e' ratio, whereas NAFLD and systolic blood pressure were significantly associated with increased Tei index. Conclusion: Asymptomatic obese children with NAFLD exhibit features of early LV diastolic and systolic dysfunction, and these abnormalities are more severe in those with NASH. © 2013 by the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases. ER  - 
Reproductive factors, intima media thickness and carotid plaques in a cross-sectional study of postmenopausal women enrolled in the population-based KORA F4 study; Background: Reproductive events may affect the onset of chronic diseases. We examined the possible association between reproductive parameters and intima media thickness (IMT) or carotid plaques in the common carotid artery in a population-based sample.Methods: This cross-sectional study analysed data of 800 postmenopausal women aged 50 to 81 years of the population-based KORA F4 study, conducted between 2006 and 2008 in Southern Germany. Reproductive parameters were obtained by standardised interviews.Results: Age at menarche below 12 years compared to 12-15 years was significantly associated with carotid plaques (age-adjusted OR 2.23, 95% CI 1.13-4.43, p-value 0.018, multivariable adjusted 2.11, 1.05-4.26, 0.037), but not with IMT. Ever use of hormone replacement therapy was inversely associated with carotid plaques (age-adjusted 0.60, 0.44-0.81, p = 0.001, multivariable-adjusted 0.62, 0.45-0.86, 0.003) and IMT in the age-adjusted model (mean 0.89, 95% CI 0.88-0.90, p = 0.033) but not in the multivariable-adjusted model (mean 0.89, 95% CI 0.88-0.90, p = 0.075). Parity, age at menopause, time since menopause, duration of fertile period, current use of hormone replacement therapy, ever use of oral contraceptives, hysterectomy, bilateral oophorectomy, hot flashes and depressive mood in relation to the menopausal transition were not associated with carotid plaques or IMT.Conclusion: Our study showed, that there may be an independent association between the reproductive parameters age at menarche and ever use of hormone replacement therapy with carotid plaques in the common carotid artery, but not with IMT. Further research, especially in studies with prospective population-based study design, is necessary to assess in detail what events in women's life lead to increased IMT or CP. © 2014 Stöckl et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Effects of age, gender, BMI, and anatomical site on skin thickness in children and adults with diabetes; Objective: We aimed to assess the effects of age, sex, body mass index (BMI), and anatomical site on skin thickness in children and adults with diabetes. Methods: We studied 103 otherwise healthy children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes aged 5-19 years, and 140 adults with type 1 and type 2 diabetes aged 20-85 years. The thicknesses of both the dermis and subcutis were assessed using ultrasound with a linear array transducer, on abdominal and thigh skin. Results: There was an age-related thickening of both dermis (p<0.0001) and subcutis (p = 0.013) in children and adolescents. Girls displayed a substantial pubertal increase in subcutis of the thigh (+54%; p = 0.048) and abdomen (+68%; p = 0.009). Adults showed an age-related decrease in dermal (p = 0.021) and subcutis (p = 0.009) thicknesses. Pubertal girls had a thicker subcutis than pubertal boys in both thigh (16.7 vs 7.5 mm; p<0.0001) and abdomen (16.7 vs 8.8 mm; p<0.0001). Men had greater thigh dermal thickness than women (1.89 vs 1.65 mm; p = 0.003), while the subcutis was thicker in women in thigh (21.3 vs 17.9 mm; p = 0.012) and abdomen (17.7 vs 9.8 mm; p<0.0001). In boys, men, and women, both dermis and subcutis were thicker on the abdomen compared to thigh; in girls this was only so for dermal thickness. In both children and adults, the skin (dermis and subcutis) became steadily thicker with increasing BMI (p<0.0001). Conclusions: Skin thickness is affected by age, pubertal status, gender, BMI, and anatomical site. Such differences may be important when considering appropriate sites for dermal/subcutaneous injections and other transdermal delivery systems. © 2014 Derraik et al. ER  - 
Earlier age at menarche is associated with higher diabetes risk and cardiometabolic disease risk factors in Brazilian adults: Brazilian Longitudinal Study of Adult Health (ELSA-Brasil); Objectives: Early menarche has been linked to higher risk of type 2 diabetes in Western and Asian societies, yet whether age at menarche is associated with diabetes in Latin America, where puberty and diabetes may have different life courses, is unknown. We tested the hypothesis that earlier menarche is associated with higher diabetes risk in Brazilian adults.Methods: We used data from 8,075 women aged 35-74 years in the Brazilian Longitudinal Study of Adult Health (ELSA-Brasil) who had complete information on age at menarche, diabetes status, and covariates. Diabetes was defined based on self-reported physician diagnosis, medication use, and laboratory variables (fasting glucose, 2-hour glucose, and glycated hemoglobin). Poisson regression was used to generate risk ratios (RR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI).Results: Menarche onset < 11 years [vs. 13-14 years (referent)] was associated with higher risk of diabetes (RR = 1.34; 95% CI: 1.14-1.57) after adjusting for sociodemographic factors, maternal education, maternal and paternal diabetes, and birth weight. This persisted after further control for BMI at age 20 years and relative leg length. Additionally, among those not taking diabetes medications, earlier menarche [<11 years vs. 13-14 years (referent)] was associated with higher % glycated hemoglobin (p < 0.001), alanine aminotransferase (p < 0.001), triglycerides (p < 0.001), C-reactive protein (p = 0.003), waist circumference (p < 0.001), and BMI measured at baseline exam (p < 0.001).Conclusion: These findings support the hypothesis that earlier menarche is associated with greater risk for adult diabetes and cardiometabolic disease in the Brazilian context. © 2014 Mueller et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Association of polymorphisms and haplotypes in the insulin-like growth factor 1 receptor (IGF1R) gene with the risk of breast cancer in Korean women; The insulin-like growth factor (IGF) signaling pathway plays an important role in cancer biology. The IGF 1 receptor (IGF1R) overexpression has been associated with a number of hematological neoplasias and solid tumors including breast cancer. However, molecular mechanism involving IGF1R in carcinogenic developments is clearly not known. We investigated the genetic variations across the IGF1R polymorphism and the risk of breast cancer risk in Korean women. A total of 1418 individuals comprising 1026 breast cancer cases and 392 age-matched controls of Korean were included for the analysis. Genomic DNA was extracted from whole blood and single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) were analyzed on the GoldenGate Assay system by Illumina's Custom Genetic Analysis service. SNPs were selected for linkage disequilibrium (LD) analysis by Haploview. We genotyped total 51 SNPs in the IGF1R gene and examined for association with breast cancer. All the SNPs investigated were in Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium. These SNPs tested were significantly associated with breast cancer risk, after correction for multiple comparisons by adjusting for age at diagnosis, BMI, age at menarche, and age at first parturition. Among 51 IGF1R SNPs, five intron located SNPs (rs8032477, rs7175052, rs12439557, rs11635251 and rs12916884) with homozygous genotype (variant genotype) were associated with decreased risk of breast cancer. Fisher's combined p-value for the five SNPs was 0.00032. Three intron located SNPs with heterozygous genotypes also had decreased risk of breast cancer. Seven of the 51 IGF1R SNPs were in LD and in one haplotype block, and were likely to be associated with breast cancer risk. Overall, this case-control study demonstrates statistically significant associations between breast cancer risk and polymorphisms in IGF1R gene. © 2014 Kang et al. ER  - 
Association between insulin-like growth factor-1, measures of overnutrition and undernutrition and insulin resistance in black adolescents living in the north-west province, South Africa; Objective: To determine if insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) is a significant predictor of body fat percentage (%BF), lean body mass, and insulin resistance (IR) in black adolescents presenting with overnutrition and undernutrition. Methods: A cross-sectional study was undertaken in 181 adolescents (111 girls, 70 boys, 13-20 years old) from a low socio-economic population in the North-West Province, South Africa. Anthropometric measurements were performed, and %BF and lean mass were assessed by air displacement plethysmography. Serum glucose, leptin, insulin, IGF-1 and IGF-binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) were measured and homeostasis model assessment of IR (HOMA-IR) was calculated. Predictors of body composition and HOMA-IR were determined in multivariate linear regressions. Results: Of the boys, 31% had a %BF >20%, whereas 42% of girls had a %BF >30%. Furthermore, 17.1% male and 18.9% female adolescents were stunted, indicating overnutrition and undernutrition in the same group. IGF-1 showed a negative association with %BF in both sexes, and a positive correlation with height-for-age z-score (HAZ) and lean mass, respectively, in the boys. IGF-1 correlated positively and physical activity correlated negatively with fasting insulin and HOMA-IR in the girls. In both sexes, leptin had the strongest association with %BF in multiple regressions. Leptin and Tanner stage were significant predictors of HOMA-IR in girls, but not in boys. Conclusions: IGF-1 was positively associated with lean mass and HAZ in boys, indicating a beneficial relationship with linear growth, but with IR in the girls, indicating possible adverse metabolic effects in the presence of high %BF and physical inactivity. Am. J. Hum. Biol. 26:189-197, 2014. © 2013 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. ER  - 
Dimensions and morphologic variations of sella turcica in type 1 diabetic patients; Some chronic diseases are associated with changes in the morphology of sella turcica, and type 1 diabetes is the most common chronic disease in children and adolescents. Therefore, the aim of this study was to evaluate the size and morphology of sella turcica in patients with type 1 diabetes compared with a healthy control group. Methods: The study included 76 type 1 diabetic patients (38 boys, 38 girls; ages, 14.16 ± 2.46 years) and 76 controls (38 boys, 38 girls; ages, 14 ± 2.08 years). The groups were categorized as pubertal and postpubertal according to bone age. The length, height, and diameter of sella turcica were measured. Then the morphology of sella turcica was analyzed and categorized as normal, oblique anterior wall, bridging, double contour of the floor, irregularity in the posterior part of dorsum sellae, or pyramidal shape of the dorsum sellae. All measurements were made on tracings of cephalometric radiographs. Differences between the groups were tested with the Mann-Whitney U test. Categorical data were evaluated with the Fisher exact test, and the Bonferroni correction was made. The significance level was assigned as P <0.05. Results: There was no statistically significant difference in the dimensions of sella between the diabetic patients (diameter, 12.20 ± 1.49 mm; length, 10.49 ± 1.55 mm; height, 8.07 ± 1.25 mm) and the controls (diameter, 12.45 ± 1.43 mm; length, 10.90 ± 1.73 mm; height, 8.29 ± 1.66 mm). However, diameter and length increased with age in the overall assessment. Length was greater in the postpubertal controls (11.39 ± 1.69 mm) compared with the pubertal controls (10.41 ± 1.64 mm). Diameter was greater in the postpubertal diabetic patients (1.283 ± 1.55 mm) than in the pubertal diabetic patients (11.56 ± 1.12 mm) and was specifically higher in postpubertal boys. Normal sella morphology was less common in general in the diabetic patients, particularly in the diabetic boys and diabetic pubertal boys (P <0.05). Conclusions: The measurements concerning sella were similar in the type 1 diabetic and control subjects, but dysmorphologic types were more common in diabetic patients. Copyright © 2014 by the American Association of Orthodontists. ER  - 
Ghrelin gene products, receptors, and goat enzyme: Biological and pathophysiological insight; Ghrelin is a 28-amino acid acylated hormone, highly expressed in the stomach, which binds to its cognate receptor (GHSR1a) to regulate a plethora of relevant biological processes, including food intake, energy balance, hormonal secretions, learning, inflammation, etc. However, ghrelin is, in fact, the most notorious component of a complex, intricate regulatory system comprised of a growing number of alternative peptides (e.g. obestatin, unacylated ghrelin, and In1-ghrelin, etc.), known (GHSRs) and, necessarily unknown receptors, as well as modifying enzymes (e.g. ghrelin-O-acyl-transferase), which interact among them as well as with other regulatory systems in order to tightly modulate key (patho)-physiological processes. This multiplicity of functions and versatility of the ghrelin system arise from a dual, genetic and functional, complexity. Importantly, a growing body of evidence suggests that dysregulation in some of the components of the ghrelin system can lead to or influence the development and/or progression of highly concerning pathologies such as endocrine-related tumors, inflammatory/cardiovascular diseases, and neurodegeneration, wherein these altered components could be used as diagnostic, prognostic, or therapeutic targets. In this context, the aim of this review is to integrate and comprehensively analyze the multiple components and functions of the ghrelin system described to date in order to define and understand its biological and (patho)-physiological significance. © 2014 Society for Endocrinology Printed in Great Britain Published by Bioscientifica Ltd. ER  - 
Consumption of added sugars from liquid but not solid sources predicts impaired glucose homeostasis and insulin resistance among youth at risk of obesity; Little is known about longitudinal associations between added sugar consumption (solid and liquid sources) and glucoseinsulin homeostasis among youth. Caucasian children (8-10 y) with at least one obese biological parent were recruited in the QUébec Adipose and Lifestyle InvesTigation in Youth (QUALITY) cohort (n = 630) and followed-up 2 y later (n = 564). Added sugars were assessed by 3 24-h dietary recalls at baseline. Two-year changes were examined in multivariate linear regression models, adjusting for baseline level, age, sex, Tanner stage, energy intake, fat mass (dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry), and physical activity (7 d accelerometer). Added sugar intake in either liquid or solid sources was not related to changes in adiposity measures (fat mass, body mass index, or waist circumference). However, a higher consumption (10 g/d) of added sugars from liquid sources was associated with 0.04 mmol/L higher fasting glucose, 2.3 pmol/L higher fasting insulin, 0.1 unit higher homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), and 0.4 unit lower Matsuda-insulin sensitivity index (Matsuda-ISI) in all participants (P <0.01). No associations were observed with consumption of added sugars from solid sources. Overweight/obese children at baseline had greater increases in adiposity indicators, fasting insulin, and HOMA-IR and decreases in Matsuda-ISI during those 2 y than normal-weight children. Consumption of added sugars from liquid or solid sources was not associated with changes in adiposity, but liquid added sugars were a risk factor for the development of impaired glucose homeostasis and insulin resistance over 2 y among youth at risk of obesity. © 2014 American Society for Nutrition. ER  - 
Insulin resistance indices are inversely associated with vitamin D binding protein concentrations; Context: We hypothesized that, similar to the coordinated homeostatic regulation of most hormones, the concentration of free and bioavailable 25-hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D] will be tightly controlled by total 25(OH)D and vitamin D binding protein (VDBP) and that the VDBP concentrations will be associated with insulin resistance status. Objective: Our primary objective was to investigate associations between total, free, and bioavailable 25(OH)D and VDBP. We also evaluated the relationships of VDBP with insulin resistance indices. Study Design: The study design was cross-sectional in the setting of a university children's hospital. The relative concentration of bioavailable 25(OH)D to total 25(OH)D [bioavailable 25(OH)D/total 25(OH)D was expressed as a percentage [percentage bioavailable 25(OH)D]. Results: Subjects were 47, postmenarchal, female adolescents, with a mean age of 15.8±1.4 years, a mean body mass index of 23.1±4.0 kg/m2. The total 25(OH)D was strongly associated with VDBP (rho = 0.57, P < .0001). At lower total 25(OH)D concentrations, the concentration of bioavailable 25(OH)D relative to total 25(OH)D was higher (23.8% vs 14.9%, P < .0001), whereas the relative concentration of free 25(OH)D was similar (P = .44). VDBP was inversely associated with fasting insulin (rho = -0.51, P = .0003) and homeostatic model assessment of basal insulin resistance (rho = -0.45, P = .002) and positively with whole-body insulin sensitivity (rho = 0.33, P = .02); these relationships persisted after adjusting for percentage fat and attenuated after adjusting for race. Conclusion: Our data suggest that VDBP concentrations are regulated by total 25(OH)D levels to maintain adequate concentrations of bioavailable 25(OH)D. VDBP concentrations are inversely associated with hyperinsulinemia and insulin resistance. (J Clin Endocrinol Metab 99: 178-183, 2014). © Copyright 2014 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
No phenotypic differences for polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) between women with and without type 1 diabetes mellitus; Context: Women with type 1 diabetes mellitus (DM1) have a higher prevalence of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) than the general population. Objective: The aim of this study was to clarify, in DM1 women with PCOS(PCOS-DM1), the influence of insulin therapy and glycemic control and evaluate the hormonal and phenotypic differences with age-matched and body mass index (BMI)-matched women with PCOS without diabetes. Design, Setting, and Patients: We evaluated 103 DM1 women with and without PCOS treated with intensive insulin therapy; 38 age-matched and BMI-matched women with PCOS without diabetes were compared in a cross-sectional study. Outcome Measurements: Clinical, anthropometric, and metabolic parameters were evaluated. Hormonal evaluation and ovary ultrasound were performed during the follicular phase of the menstrual cycle. Results: Applying the diagnostic criteria of the Androgen Excess Society, 38 (36.89%) women with DM1 showed PCOS. The 38 PCOS-DM1 women showed no differences in treatment and glycemic control compared with DM1 women without PCOS. The only difference was a higher visceral adiposity index in PCOS-DM1 (1.21 ± 0.70 vs 0.90 ± 0.32; P = .002). PCOS-DM1 showed no phenotypic differences with age-matched and BMI-matched PCOS without diabetes. The hormonal pattern was similar except that higher levels of -4 androstenedione were found in PCOS-DM1 (12.89 ± 3.49 vs 2.79 ± 1.75 nmol/L; P = .010). Conclusions: The women with PCOS-DM1 do not exhibit particular phenotypic characteristics compared with nondiabetic women with PCOS. However, this pathological disorder must not be underestimated because it could be an additional cardiovascular risk factor in women with DM1. (J Clin Endocrinol Metab 99: 203-211, 2014). © Copyright 2014 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Glycemic control in familial vs. sporadic type 1 diabetes patients over 5 years; Background: Studies have shown that familial type 1 diabetes patients (FTID) have less severe metabolic derangement at presentation compared to sporadic patients (ST1D), but data on long-term metabolic control are lacking. Objective/Hypothesis: (1) FT1D will have less severe presentation and better HbA1c over 5 years compared to ST1D; (2) HbA1c in the offspring will correlate with parent HbA1c in parent-offspring group; and (3) HbA1c of the second affected sibling (SP2) will correlate with the first affected sibling (SP1) in sib-pairs. Methods: Cohort of 33 parent-offspring and 19 sib-pairs; controls included 33 sporadic subjects matched by age, sex, ethnicity, puberty, and insulin regimen. Paired t-test and Pearson's correlation were used for statistical analysis. Results: At diagnosis, mean age in FT1D vs. matched ST1D (7.7±4.9 vs. 7.6±4.5 years), mean HbA1c (9.6% vs. 10.7%), HCO3 (21 vs. 18 meq/L), glucose (428 vs. 463 mg/dL) and pH (7.35 vs. 7.36; p=ns) were not different. At 5 years, HbA1c (8.9% vs. 8.8%; p=0.81), clinic visits (12 vs. 12.5, p=0.68) and emergency room visits (0.48 vs. 0.24, p=0.10) were not different. In affected siblings, only HCO3 was different (SP1:18 vs. SP2: 24 meq/L; p<0.01). HbA1c for SP2 correlated positively with SP1 (r=0.67, p<0.01). Offspring HbA1c correlated positively with affected parents (9.3% vs. 8.6%, r=0.57, p=0.18) but was not significant. Conclusion: Metabolic control at diagnosis and at 5 years was similar in FT1D and ST1D. In sib-pairs, the second affected sibling had milder clinical presentation compared to the first affected sibling. ER  - 
Serum levels of insulin-like factor 3, anti-Müllerian hormone, inhibin B, and testosterone during pubertal transition in healthy boys: A longitudinal pilot study; Insulin-like factor 3 (INSL3) is a promising marker of Leydig cell function with potentially high clinical relevance. Limited data of INSL3 levels in relation to other reproductive hormones in healthy pubertal boys exist. In this study, we aimed to evaluate longitudinal serum changes in INSL3 compared with LH, FSH, testosterone, inhibin B, and anti-Müllerian hormone (AMH) during puberty in healthy boys. Ten boys were included from the longitudinal part of the COPENHAGEN Puberty Study. Pubertal evaluation, including testicular volume, was performed and blood samples were drawn every 6 months for 5 years. Serum concentrations of testosterone were determined by a newly developed LC-MS/MS method, and serum concentrations of INSL3, AMH, inhibin B, FSH, and LH respectively were determined by validated immunoassays. The results showed that serum INSL3 levels increased progressively with increasing age, pubertal onset, and testicular volume. In six of the ten boys, LH increased before the first observed increase in INSL3. In the remaining four boys, the increase in LH and INSL3 was observed at the same examination. The increases in serum concentrations of LH, testosterone, and INSL3 were not parallel or in ordered succession and varied interindividually. We demonstrated that INSL3 concentrations were tightly associated with pubertal onset and increasing testicular volume. However, the pubertal increases in LH, INSL3, and testosterone concentrations were not entirely parallel, suggesting that INSL3 and testosterone may be regulated differently. Thus, we speculate that INSL3 provides additional information on Leydig cell differentiation and function during puberty compared with traditional markers of testicular function. © 2014 Society for Reproduction and Fertility. ER  - 
Endocrine complications and components of the metabolic syndrome in survivors of childhood malignant non-brain solid tumors; Background/Aims: The substantial improvement in survival of children with cancer has been achieved at the cost of late effects. We aimed to evaluate the endocrine outcome in survivors of childhood non-brain malignant solid tumors (NBMST). Methods: We performed a retrospective medical record review for medical history, clinical and laboratory data of survivors (n = 139) followed at the endocrine clinic of a tertiary medical center. Outcome measures were frequency and types of endocrine dysfunction and components of the metabolic syndrome. Results: Median follow-up time was 9.0 years (range 1.2-29.5 years). At least one endocrine abnormality was found in 44 patients (31.7%). Abnormalities included hypogonadism (11.5%), hypothyroidism (9.4%), short stature (9.4%), growth hormone deficiency (8.6%) and components of the metabolic syndrome (15.1%). Height SDS decreased significantly (p = 0.004) during follow-up, whereas body mass index SDS tended to increase. On logistic regression analysis, treatment with cranial irradiation (p = 0.003), local radiation (p = 0.042), or bone marrow transplantation (p = 0.0001), and older age at last visit (p < 0.001) were associated with a significantly higher hazard of an endocrinopathy. Conclusions: The high rate of late endocrine dysfunction among survivors of childhood NBMST highlights the need to optimize the follow-up at the late-effects clinics to identify endocrine problems and allow early and effective intervention. © 2013 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
The prevalence of pre-hypertension in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus; Background: Hypertension is more common in adults with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) than the general population. The aim of this study was to detect the pre-hypertensive stage in children with T1D and to evaluate its correlation with diabetic nephropathy compared to non-diabetic children. Methods: This was a prospective cross-sectional study in an out-patient clinic of a university hospital. A total of 62 which consists of 36 males and 26 females patients with stable T1D with a median age of 13 year and 42 age - sex-matched healthy children were entered in the study between September 2008 and February 2011. Three readings of blood pressure were recorded. Fasting blood sample was drawn for hemoglobin A1C (HbA1C), creatinine and a 24 h urine aliquot was collected to measure microalbumin, creatinine and volume to estimate glomerular filtration rate (eGFR). Results: From 62 children with T1DM, 25.8% were in pre-hypertensive stage, 4.8% Stage 1, and 1.6% Stage 2. In controls, 1 (2.4%) out of 42 children was in pre-hypertensive stage (P < 0.0001). Abnormal blood pressures were correlated with eGFR and the duration of disease (P < 0.05), but there were not associated with microalbominuria or HbA1C level. Conclusions: There was a higher rate of early stage of high normal blood pressure in children with T1DM compared with the healthy controls and this abnormality was only correlated with puberty stage and glomerular filtration rate. ER  - 
Overweight, obesity and endometrial cancer risk: Results from a systematic review and meta-analysis; Aim: Findings from recent studies suggest that obesity may be associated with an increased risk of endometrial cancer, but several earlier studies were less conclusive. Here we strive to estimate this relationship in a meta-analysis of published data. Methods: We searched Pubmed and Embase for studies on body mass index and the risk of endometrial cancer, published from 1989 to 2011. Data were independently extracted and analyzed using random or fixed effects meta-analysis depending on the degree of heterogeneity. Results: Seven cohort studies and 11 case-control studies were included in the meta-analysis. Overall, the conditions of excess body weight ([EBW] defined as body mass index [BMI] ≥25 kg/m2), obesity (BMI ≥30 kg/m2) and overweight (25< BMI <30 kg/m2) were associated with an increased risk of endometrial cancer (relative risk [RR] for EBW=1.62, 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.39-1.89; for obesity RR=2.54, 95% CI, 2.11-3.06; for overweight RR=1.32, 95% CI, 1.16-1.50). Subgroup analyses showed that the positive associations were independent of study design, geographic locations, self-reported BMI, alcohol use, smoking habit, history of diabetes, hormone therapy, age at menarche, age at menopause, parity, and age at first full term pregnancy. However, there was no statistically significant association between EBW and endometrial cancer risk for measured BMI (for EBW RR=1.29, 95% CI, 0.66-2.53). Conclusions: The findings from this meta-analysis strongly support that the conditions of EBW, overweight, and obesity are all associated with an increased risk of endometrial cancer. Also, the strength of the association increases with increasing BMI. © 2014 Wichtig Editore. ER  - 
Plasma concentrations of retinol in obese children and adolescents: Relationship to metabolic syndrome components; Objective: To evaluate obese children and adolescents' retinol plasma levels and to correlate them with metabolic syndrome components. Methods: Cross-sectional study with 61 obese children and adolescents (body mass index Z score - ZBMI>+2). Pubertal development, arterial blood pressure, body weight and height for nutritional classification and waist circumference were obtained. A 15mL blood sample was collected (after a 12-hour fasting in a low luminosity room) for retinol determination (cut-off inadequate if <30μg/dL), lipid profile (HDL-c, LDL-c, and triglycerides), oral glucose tolerance test (fasting and 120 minutes) and for high sensitivity C-reactive protein. Spearman correlation and multiple linear regression were used in the statistical analysis. Results: Mean age was 10.7±2.7 years. There was a predominance of male gender 38/61 (62%) and pre-pubertal 35/61 (57%) subjects. The average plasmatic retinol was 48.5±18.6ug/dL. Retinol deficiency and severe obesity were observed in 6/61 (10%) and 36/61 (59%), respectively. Glucose level at 120 minutes was the independent and predictive variable of plasma retinol levels [β=-0.286 (95%CI -0.013 - -0.001)]. Conclusions: An independent and inverse association between plasma retinol levels and glucose tolerance was observed, suggesting an important contribution of this vitamin in the morbidities associated to obesity in children and adolescents. ER  - 
Functional consequences of AXL sequence variants in hypogonadotropic hypogonadism; Context: Prior studies showed that Axl /Tyro3 null mice have delayed first estrus and abnormal cyclicity due to developmental defects in GnRH neuron migration and survival. Objective: The objective of the study was to test whether the absence of Axl would alter reproductive function in mice and that mutations inAXLare present in patients with Kallmann syndrome (KS) or normosmic idiopathic hypogonadotropic hypogonadism (nIHH). Design and Setting: The sexual maturation of Axl null mice was examined. The coding region of AXL was sequenced in 104 unrelated, carefully phenotyped KS or nIHH subjects. Frequency of mutations was compared with other causes of GnRH deficiency. Functional assays were performed on the detected mutations. Results: Axl null mice demonstrated delay in first estrus and the interval between vaginal opening and first estrus. Three missense AXL mutations (p.L50F, p.S202C, and p.Q361P) and one intronic variant 6 bp upstream from the start of exon 5 (c.586-6 C>T) were identified in two KS and 2 two nIHH subjects. Comparison of the frequencies of AXL mutations with other putative causes of idiopathic hypogonadotropic hypogonadism confirmed they are rare variants. Testing of the c.586-6 C-T mutation revealed no abnormal splicing. Surface plasmon resonance analysis of the p.L50F, p.S202C, and p.Q361P mutations showed no altered Gas6 ligand binding. In contrast, GT1-7 GnRH neuronal cells expressing p.S202C or p.Q361P demonstrated defective ligand dependent receptor processing and importantly aberrant neuronal migration. In addition, the p.Q361P showed defective ligand independent chemotaxis. Conclusions: Functional consequences of AXL sequence variants in patients with idiopathic hypogonadotropic hypogonadism support the importance of AXL and the Tyro3, Axl, Mer (TAM) family in reproductive development. Copyright © 2014 by the Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Obestatin levels are associated with C-peptide and antiinsulin antibodies at the onset, whereas unacylated and acylated ghrelin levels are not predictive of long-term metabolic control in children with type 1 diabetes; Context and Objective: Ghrelin secretion is altered at the on setand after the start of insulin therapy in children with type 1 diabetes. Contemporary regulation of acylated ghrelin (AG), unacylated ghrelin (UAG), and obestatin (OBST) remains undefined in this disease. It is unknown as to whether they could be good predictors of changes in glucose and metabolic control. Design, Setting, and Subjects: This was a longitudinal study conducted in a tertiary care center. AG, UAG, and OBST were measured at baseline and after 2 years of follow-up in 51 children and adolescents with a history of type 1 diabetes extending beyond 1 year. A total of 33 healthy matched subjects were used as controls. Results: Age-, puberty-, and body mass index-adjusted UAG levels were lower (P <.005) and OBST levels were higher (P < .009) in children with type 1 diabetes, with respect to controls. AG levels were similar to controls, but all ratios of the three peptides are altered in diabetic patients. OBST (P <.05) was negatively correlated with C-peptide (P <.05) and insulin antibodies (P <.008) at the onset of diabetes. In diabetic patients, base line AG and UAG levels were negatively correlated with insulin dosage in the short and long term (P < .001). AG, but not OBST, was positively correlated with C-peptide levels 2 years after diagnosis (P < .05). Overall, the peptides were not predictive of glucose and metabolic control. Conclusions: UAG, AG, OBST, and their ratios are differently regulated in children with type 1 diabetes, suggesting a role in the metabolic balance of the disease, with insulin a likely regulator of AG and UAG. The peptides do not appear to be good long-term predictors of glucose control, with further investigations needed to explain whether OBST could be a precocious predictor of islet dysfunction. Copyright © 2014 by the Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Rating the risk factors for endometrial cancer in women; Introduction. Endometrial cancer is one of the most common malignancies in women. In Poland during the ill 11,9 per 100 thousand. women, and 2.4 per 100 thousand die. women. The Aim. The evaluation assessed the prevalence of risk factors for endometrial cancer. Tests performed in a group of women with endometrial cancer and in the control group of women who did not have the above pathology. We compared the occurrence of the factors such as age, body weight, number of births, age of first and last menstrual period, t 2 diabetes incidence and hypertension, treatment with tamoxifen, the use of Hormone Replacement Therapy (HRT). Material and methods. The study group consisted of women patients were hospitalized in the Department of Gynaecology and Obstetrics Regional Hospital in Bialystok in 2008-2011 who underwent uterine curettage or hysteroscopy was performed. The indication for surgery was irregular vaginal bleeding and/or abnormal endometrial image transvaginal ultrasound. Based on medical records provided information on age, weight, number of births, age of first and last menstrual period, the incidence of t 2 diabetes and high blood pressure, treatment with tamoxifen, the use of HRT. The study population of women were divided into two groups. The first group consisted of 124 patients with diagnosed and documented by histological study of post-operative endometrial cancer. The control group consisted of 114 patients, in whom pathological material, there was no change in endometrial cancer. Results. Patients in the group with endometrial cancer were between the ages of 37 to 88 years Mean age was 62.9.In the control group, the oldest patient was 87 years old and the youngest 38. The average age in this group was 56.0. The average age of patients in group with en-dometrial cancer in comparison with the average age of the control group was significantly higher (p <0.05). The value of BMI, age of menopause, presence of hypertension, the use of HRT and tamoxifen in patients with endometrial cancer compared to the control group showed a statistically significant difference. However, in the analysis of age of menarche, number of births and the incidence of diabetes t 2 no statistically significant difference between the two groups. Additionally the co-existence of t 2 diabetes and obesity in both group. In comparative evaluation, no statistically significant difference was observed. Conclusions. Obesity, late menopause, hypertension, treatment with tamoxifen occurred significantly more often in women with endometrial cancer. Factors that did not affect the development of endometrial cancer in women was age of menarche, number of births, and type 2 diabetes. It was confirmed that the use of estrogen-progesterone therapy worked condescendingly on the endometrium. © GinPolMedProject. ER  - 
Increased serum IgG and IgA in overweight children relate to a less favourable metabolic phenotype; Background The adaptive immune system has emerged as an unexpected modulator of insulin resistance. B lymphocytes accumulate in adipose tissue and produce pathogenic antibodies that cause insulin resistance. Objective We studied whether circulating immunoglobulins (IgG, IgA and IgM) were related to metabolic risk markers in pre-pubertal children with and without overweight. Design and methods Subjects were 270 asymptomatic pre-pubertal Caucasian children (145 lean, 125 overweight) recruited in a primary care setting. Assessments included serum IgG, IgA and IgM concentrations (nephelometry), insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and fasting lipids (triacylglycerol and high-density lipoprotein [HDL]-cholesterol). Results Overweight children had higher IgG and IgA serum levels than lean children (P ≤ 0.01). Increasing serum IgG and IgA, but not IgM, were associated with a less favourable metabolic phenotype, consisting of higher HOMA-IR and triacylglycerol and lower HDL-cholesterol, particularly in obese children, in whom serum IgG and IgA were both independently associated with HOMA-IR (β = 0.308, P = 0.017, r 2 = 9.5% and β = 0.361, P = 0.005, r2 = 13.0%, respectively) and triacylglycerol (β = 0.343, P = 0.006, r2 = 11.1% and β = 0.354, P = 0.003, r2 = 12.2%, respectively). Conclusions Increased circulating IgG and IgA in overweight children are associated with a less favourable metabolic phenotype, particularly in obese children. These results suggest a relationship between adaptive immunity and insulin resistance in childhood obesity. © 2013 The Authors. Pediatric Obesity © 2013 International Association for the Study of Obesity. ER  - 
Obesity, central adiposity and cardiometabolic risk factors in children and adolescents: A family-based study; Objective The objective of this study was to assess genetic and phenotypic correlations of obesity-related cardiometabolic risk factors in a family-based cohort. Methods Anthropometric, body composition and biochemical measurements were collected on 999 members of 111 extended Midwestern US families of Northern European origin. Forward stepwise regression was used to identify which of Tanner stage, sex, Tanner stage by sex, body fat mass index, body fat percentage (dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry), visceral fat (VF)/subcutaneous fat (SubQF) (computed tomography scans for adults or magnetic resonance imaging for children), VF, SubQF, body mass index (BMI)% and waist to height ratio most influence homeostasis model assessment (HOMA), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-c), plasma triglycerides (TG) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-c). Results In children and adolescents, subcutaneous adiposity was the most significant covariate for HOMA (P < 0.001) and TG (P = 0.001), and BMI percentile for HDL-c (P = 0.002) and LDL-c (P < 0.001). In adults, waist-height ratio (P < 0.001), VF/SubQF ratio (P = 0.001) and BMI (P = 0.02) were most significant for HOMA; VF (P < 0.001) and BMI (P = 0.02) for TG and VF for LDL-c (P = 0.001). Conclusion Subcutaneous adiposity at the waist is a more significant predictor of metabolic syndrome traits in children and adolescents than it is in adults. © 2014 The Authors. Pediatric Obesity © 2014 International Association for the Study of Obesity. ER  - 
Correlation between cortisol and components of the metabolic syndrome in obese children and adolescents; Background In obese subjects it has been shown that cortisol (F) contributes to the reduction in insulin sensitivity, suggesting a role in the development of the metabolic syndrome (MS). Aim The aim of this retrospective study was to evaluate the relationship between F and components of MS in 1,027 obese children and adolescents. Subjects and methods Waist circumference, systolic and diastolic blood pressure (SP, DP), F, serum glucose (Glyc), cholesterol HDL, triglycerides and homeostatic model assessment (HOMA index) were evaluated in all subjects. MS was defined according to the International Diabetes Federation criteria. Accordingly, patients were subdivided into three age groups: 6-10, 10-16 and >16 years. Results In univariate regression analysis, F was correlated with Glyc, SP and HOMA in groups 1 and 2, with DP in Group 2. In multivariate regression analysis including age, sex, puberty, BMI-SDS and F as independent variables and one of the component of the MS as the dependent variable, F was a weak predictor of the variability when DP and Glyc were introduced as dependent variables in Group 2 and when SP was introduced as dependent variable both in groups 1 and 2. When patients were subdivided into subgroups according to the IDF criteria, in Group 2 patients with one or more components of the MS had higher F concentrations. Conclusions In this cohort of obese children and adolescents, F was weakly associated with components of the MS. These findings do not support a major role for F in the development of MS. © Italian Society of Endocrinology (SIE) 2013. ER  - 
Balanced duo of anti-inflammatory SFRP5 and proinflammatory WNT5A in children; Background:Secreted frizzled-related protein 5 (SFRP5) is an adipokine protecting against obesity-related insulin resistance and diabetes. SFRP5 binds to wingless type mouse mammary tumor virus (MMTV) integration site family member 5A (WNT5A) to improve insulin sensitivity. We performed the first study of SFRP5 and WNT5A simultaneously in children.Methods:Prepubertal children (n = 342) were assessed for circulating SFRP5 (all subjects) and circulating WNT5A (210 subjects), and associations were sought with metabolic markers. In conditioned media of adipose tissue explants from 12 additional children, SFRP5 and WNT5A were studied further.Results:The concentrations of SFRP5 and WNT5A correlated positively in serum and in conditioned media (all P < 0.001). Lower level of circulating SFRP5 (lowest quartile) was associated with higher BMI (15% increase, P < 0.0001) and lower level of high-molecular-weight adiponectin (26% decrease, P = 0.002). Circulating WNT5A related closely with insulin resistance assessed by the homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance and hepatic markers (alanine transaminase and gamma glutamyl transpeptidase), particularly in children with lower circulating SFRP5 levels (all P < 0.004).Conclusion:SFRP5 and WNT5A comprise a balanced duo that may regulate metabolic homeostasis in prepubertal children. Copyright © 2014 International Pediatric Research Foundation, Inc. ER  - 
Estimating the delay between onset and diagnosis of type 2 diabetes from the time course of retinopathy prevalence; OBJECTIVE By correlating known diabetes duration with the prevalence of retinopathy, more than 10 years have been estimated to lapse between the onset and diagnosis of type 2 diabetes. Such calculations, however, assumed a linear model, included stages of retinopathy not specific to diabetes, and allowed 5 years for retinopathy to occur after the onset of diabetes. We calculated the duration of undiagnosed type 2 diabetes in outpatients screened for retinopathy in a hospital-based diabetes clinic after correcting these assumptions. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS Diabetic patients (n = 12,074; 35,545 fundus examinations) were stratified into younger onset (YO; age at onset <30 years) or older onset (OO; age at onset ≥30 years), insulin treated (IT) or not IT (NIT), and with mild/more severe diabetic retinopathy (AnyDR) or moderate/more severe diabetic retinopathy (ModDR). The best-fitting equation correlating known duration among the OO-NIT group with the prevalence of ModDR was used to extrapolate time from appearance of retinopathy to diagnosis of type 2 diabetes. Time for retinopathy to develop after diabetes was calculated fromthe equation correlating the duration among the YOIT group with appearance of ModDR. RESULTS There were 1,719 patients in the OO-NIT group with AnyDR and 685 with ModDR and 756 in the YO-IT group with AnyDR and 385 with ModDR. A linear model showed ModDR appeared 2.66 years before diagnosis among those in the OO-NIT group. A quadratic model suggested that ModDR appeared 3.29 years after diagnosis among those in the YO-IT group. The resulting estimate was 6.05 years (2.66 + 3.29) between the onset and diagnosis of diabetes, compared with 13.36 years using standard criteria. CONCLUSIONS Using best-fitting models and stratifying by glucose-lowering treatment and severity of retinopathy substantially lowers the estimated duration of undiagnosed type 2 diabetes. © 2014 by the American Diabetes Association. ER  - 
Birth weight is positively related to bone size in adolescents but inversely related to cortical bone mineral density: Findings from a large prospective cohort study; To examine the influence of intrauterine environment on subsequent bone development, we investigated the relationship between birth weight and cortical bone parameters, and the role of puberty, bone resorption and insulin as possible mediators. Bone outcomes were obtained from mid-tibial pQCT scans performed at age 15.5years in 1960 males and 2192 females from the ALSPAC birth cohort. Birth weight was positively related to periosteal circumference (PC) [beta=0.40 (0.34, 0.46)], which was largely but not completely attenuated after adjustment for height and weight [beta=0.07 (0.02, 0.12)] (SD change in outcome per 1kg increase in birth weight with 95% CI). Based on our height and weight adjusted model, the association was stronger in females compared to males (P=0.02 for gender interaction), and persisted in 2842 participants with equivalent results at age 17.7years. Conversely, birth weight was inversely related to cortical bone mineral density (BMDC) at age 15.5years after adjusting for height and weight [beta=-0.18 (-0.23, -0.13)], with a stronger association in males compared to females (P=0.01 for gender interaction), but an equivalent association was not seen at 17.7years. In further analyses performed on data from age 15.5years, the association between birth weight and PC was unaffected by adjustment for puberty (Tanner stage at age 13.5years), bone resorption (fasting beta-carboxyterminal cross linking telopeptide (βCTX) at age 15.5years) or insulin (fasting insulin at age 15.5years). In contrast, the association with BMDC was attenuated by approximately 30% after adjustment for puberty or bone resorption, and by 50% after adjustment for both factors combined. We conclude that the inverse relationship between birth weight and BMDC is in part mediated by effects of puberty and bone resorption, which may help to explain the transitory nature of this association, in contrast to the more persisting relationship with PC. © 2014. ER  - 
Risk factors for anaplastic thyroid cancer; Background. Anaplastic thyroid cancer (ATC) is a form of thyroid cancer with very poor prognosis, but is fortunately quite rare. Its aetiology is unknown and not well researched. Aim. The aim of this study was to identify potential risk factors for ATC. Material and Method. Case-control study of 126 ATC patients (77 females and 49 males) and 252 controls individually matched by gender, age, and place of abode. In statistical analysis we used a Cox regression model. Results. Univariate logistic regression showed that the risk factors for ATC are low education level, type B blood group, goitre, other nonthyroid malignancies, diabetes, late menarche, and an early first pregnancy. Multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that independent risk factors for ATC are low education level (OR = 1.42, 95% CI = 1.09-1.86), type B blood group (OR = 2.41, 95% CI = 1.03-5.66), and goitre (OR = 25-33, 95% CI = 5.66-126.65). Conclusion. Independent risk factors for ATC are: low education level, type B blood group, and goitre. © 2014 V. Zivaljevic et al. ER  - 
Central precocious puberty that appears to be sporadic caused by paternally inherited mutations in the imprinted gene makorin ring finger 3; Context: Loss-of-function mutations in makorin ring finger 3 (MKRN3), an imprinted gene located on the long arm of chromosome 15, have been recognized recently as a cause of familial central precocious puberty (CPP) in humans. MKRN3 has a potential inhibitory effect on GnRH secretion. Objectives: The objective of the study was to investigate potential MKRN3 sequence variations as well as copy number and methylation abnormalities of the 15q11 locus in patients with apparently sporadic CPP. Setting and Participants: We studied 215 unrelated children (207 girls and eight boys) from three university medical centers with a diagnosis of CPP. All buttwoof these patients (213 cases) reported no family history of premature sexual development. First-degree relatives of patients with identified MKRN3 variants were included for genetic analysis. Main Outcome Measures: All 215 CPP patients were screened for MKRN3 mutations by automatic sequencing. Multiplex ligation-dependent probe amplification was performed in a partially overlapping cohort of 52 patients. Results: We identified five novel heterozygous mutations in MKRN3 in eight unrelated girls with CPP. Four were frame shift mutations predicted to encode truncated proteins and one was a missense mutation, which was suggested to be deleterious by in silico analysis. All patients with MKRN3mutations had classical features of CPP with a median age of onset at 6 years. Copy number andmethylation abnormalities at the15q11locuswerenot detected in the patients tested for these abnormalities. Segregation analysis was possible in five of the eight girls with MKRN3 mutations; in all cases, the mutation was inherited on the paternal allele. Conclusions: We have identified novel inherited MKRN3 defects in children with apparently sporadic CPP, supporting a fundamental role of this peptide in the suppression of the reproductive axis. © 2014 by the Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Effects of carbohydrate counting method on metabolic control in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus; Objective: Medical nutritional therapy is important for glycemic control in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM). Carbohydrate (carb) counting, which is a more flexible nutritional method, has become popular in recent years. This study aimed to investigate the effects of carb counting on metabolic control, body measurements and serum lipid levels in children and adolescents with T1DM. Methods: T1DM patients aged 7-18 years and receiving flexible insulin therapy were divided into carb counting (n=52) and control (n=32) groups and were followed for 2 years in this randomized, controlled study. Demographic characteristics, body measurements, insulin requirements, hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) and serum lipid levels at baseline and at follow-up were evaluated. Results: There were no statistically significant differences between the groups in mean HbA1c values in the year preceding the study or in age, gender, duration of diabetes, puberty stage, total daily insulin dose, body mass index (BMI) standard deviation score (SDS) and serum lipid values. While there were no differences in BMI SDS, daily insulin requirement, total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein and triglyceride values between the two groups (p>0.05) during the follow-up, annual mean HbA1c levels of the 2nd year were significantly lower in the carb counting group (p=0.010). The mean values of high-density lipoprotein were also significantly higher in the first and 2nd years in the carb counting group (p=0.02 and p=0.043, respectively). Conclusion: Carb counting may provide good metabolic control in children and adolescents with T1DM without causing any increase in weight or in insulin requirements. © Journal of Clinical Research in Pediatric Endocrinology, Published by Galenos Publishing. ER  - 
Epidemiologic investigation of polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) in Han ethnic women of reproductive age in Liaoning Province, China; Objective: To determine the incidence of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) among Han women of reproductive age in Liaoning Province in Northeastern China, based on the Revised Rotterdam 2003 criteria. Materials and Methods: A retrospective cohort study was carried out on 1,600 women using questionnaires, physical examination, ultrasonography, and biochemical indices (aged = 19 to 45 years; n = 1,600). PCOS patients were identified using the Revised Rotterdam 2003 criteria. Results: A total of 132 Han women of reproductive age were diagnosed with PCOS, with a prevalence of 8.25%. The prevalence of menstrual dysfunction was as follows: 97 patients (73.48%) had abnormal menstruation, three (2.27%) had polymenorrhea, and 94 (71.21%) had oligomenorrhea. Up to 64 patients (48.48%) had androgen excess, 42 (31.82%) had biochemical evidence of androgen excess, and 34 (25.76%) had clinical androgen excess. Up to 34 patients (25.76%) were obese (body mass index [BMI] ≥ 25) and 19 (14.39%) had hirsutism (F-G scoring ≥ 6). A total of 127 patients (96.22%) were diagnosed with PCOS via ultrasonography, 67 of whom (50.76%) had a unilateral polycystic ovary and 60 (45.46%) had bilateral polycystic ovaries. Conclusions: The prevalence of PCOS in this study population was 8.25%, with an infertility rate of 27.8%. The classical manifestation of PCOS is PCO, abnormal menstruation, and obesity. The high-risk factors of PCOS include high free testosterone index, homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), increased serum testosterone and androstenedione, decreased sex hormone-binding globulin, long history of infertility, menarche later than 16 years old, and failure to have regular menstruation within two years. ER  - 
The relationship between intake of dairy products and polycystic ovary syndrome in women who referred to Isfahan University of Medical Science Clinics in 2013; Background: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrine disorder in reproductive women. Nearly 10% of young women in this period involved. Although factors such as Insulin Resistance, hyper insulinemia, obesity and dietary are suggested to be associated with PCOS, cause of PCOS is not completely understood. Dairy products (a key component of the usual diet) of participants can also affect the factors of this disease and may have beneficial effects on treatment of PCOS. However, research in this area is scarce. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the relationship between dairy products consumption and PCOS. Methods: This descriptive cross-sectional study of 400 women was conducted in Shahid Beheshti Hospital of Isfahan University of Medical Science, Iran. Dietary intake was evaluated by validated food frequency questionnaire. Other variables such as ovarian disease, inherited predisposition, age at menarche, physical activity and history of other diseases were evaluated using questionnaire. Data analysis was performed by a logistic regression test using SPSS software version 15 Predictive analytics software and solutions. Results: There were a significant association between PCOS and ovarian disease (P < 0.001), age (P < 0.001) and using medication (P = 0.001). Body mass index (BMI) was inversely associated with PCOS, but it was not significant (P = 0.068). There was a significant direct relationship between milk consumption and risk of PCOS after adjusting for confounding factors (P = 0.028). Conclusions: The findings of this study indicated that ovarian disease and medication use is directly linked to PCOS. Dairy consumption was not significantly correlated with PCOS. However, after adjustment for confounders, there was an direct relationship between milk consumption and risk of PCOS. ER  - 
High prevalence of hypovitaminosis D in Sicilian children affected by growth hormone deficiency and its improvement after 12 months of replacement treatment; Purpose: Although the correlation between vitamin D and growth hormone (GH)-insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF1) axis is documented, as of date, few and conflicting studies have prospectively analyzed vitamin D before and after GH treatment. Our aim was to evaluate as to how the condition of GH deficiency (GHD) or GH treatment influences vitamin D in children. Methods: Eighty Sicilian GHD children (M/F 58/22; mean age 10.3 years), grouped according to the season of evaluation in group A (June-September; 41 children) and group B (November-February; 39 children), were evaluated at baseline and after 12 months of GH treatment. Results: Twenty-eight children (35 %) were vitamin D insufficient and 32 (40 %) deficient at baseline, and lower vitamin D levels were found in group B than in A (17.3 ± 5.3 vs. 31.1 ± 11.1 ng/ml; p < 0.001). A positive correlation between vitamin D and baseline GH levels (p < 0.001) was found. After 12 months, increased vitamin D was found both in all children (34.4 ± 16.4 vs. 24.5 ± 11.1 ng/ml; p = 0.002) and in group A (38.5 ± 14 vs. 31.1 ± 11.1 ng/ml; p < 0.001) and B (30 ± 17.7 vs. 17.3 ± 5.3 ng/ml; p < 0.001). Overall, only 25 (31 %) children remained insufficient and 15 (19 %) deficient, with an increase in prevalence of children with normal levels (p = 0.001). Conclusions: Our data demonstrated a very high prevalence of hypovitaminosis D in Sicilian GHD children, with an improvement after 12 months of GH treatment. Vitamin D assessment should therefore be considered routinely in GHD children both at diagnosis and during the follow-up. © 2014 Italian Society of Endocrinology (SIE). ER  - 
Relationships between 24-hour urinary free cortisol concentrations and metabolic syndrome in obese children; Context: Clinical features of Metabolic Syndrome (MetS) and Cushing's Syndrome are similar, suggesting a pathogenetic role of hypothalamus-pituitary- adrenal axis in MetS. Objective: The aim of the study was to determine whether MetS diagnosis and specific clusters of MetS components (waist circumference, dyslipidemia, hypertension, and impaired glucose metabolism) are associated with serum cortisol (SC) or 24-h urinary free cortisol (UFC) levels. Design and Setting: We conducted cross-sectional analyses of data from our obesity cohort. We studied 264 obese children (age, 11.0±2.8 years; male, 48%; BMI, 28.2±5.4 kg/m2). We examined UFC, SC, homeostasis model assessment (HOMA), and features of MetS (waist circumference, blood pressure, fasting lipids, and glucose). Results: Slightly increased UFC concentrations were measured in 30.7% of the children. Obese children with MetS had significantly (P = .003) higher UFC levels compared with obese children without MetS. Girls demonstrated significantly higher UFC concentrations compared with boys independent of pubertal stage. UFC and SC levels were significantly related to features of MetS, but the associations were stronger for UFC. In multivariate analyses adjusted for age, sex, and body mass index, none of the features of MetS but HOMA index was correlated with UFC, whereas SC demonstrated no significant association to any parameter of MetS or HOMA. Conclusions: Our findings support the hypothesis that changes in the hypothalamus-pituitary- adrenal axis are related to MetS in obesity. UFC seems to be a suitable marker for this relationship. Norm values for UFC adapted to obese children may help to avoid unnecessary dexamethasone suppression tests. Copyright © 2014 by the Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Associations of prenatal growth with metabolic syndrome, insulin resistance, and nutritional status in chilean children; Introduction. The association of prenatal growth with nutritional status, metabolic syndrome (MS), and insulin resistance (IR) was studied in school-age children. Methods. A retrospective cohort study was designed linking present data of children with perinatal records. 3325 subjects were enrolled. Anthropometry, blood pressure (BP), and pubertal status were assessed. Blood lipids, glucose, and insulin were measured. Linear associations were assessed using the Cochran-Armitage test. Odds ratios and nonlinear associations were computed. Results. 3290 children (52% females, mean age of 11.4 ± 1 years) were analyzed. Prevalence of obesity, stunting, MS, and IR was 16.0%, 3.6%, 7.3%, and 25.5%, respectively. The strongest positive association was between birth weight (BW) and obesity (OR 2.97 (95% CI 2.01-4.40) at BW ≥ 4,000 g compared to BW 2,500-2,999). The strongest inverse association was between birth length (BL) and stunting (OR 8.70 (95% CI 3.66-20.67) at BL < 48 cm compared to BL 52-53 cm). A U-shaped association between BL and BP ≥ 90th percentile was observed. Significant ORs were also found for MS and IR. Adjustments for present fat mass increased or maintained the most prenatal growth influences. Conclusions. Prenatal growth influences MS, IR, and nutritional status. Prenatal growth was more important than present body composition in determining these outcomes. © 2014 Francisco Mardones et al. ER  - 
Plasma non-esterified fatty acid levels in children and their relationship with sex steroids Dedicated to the late Prof. Manuel de Oya, as the warmest homage to his memory.; Objective Puberty is associated with decreased insulin sensitivity. Sexual hormones have been related with the onset of insulin resistance, but their relationship with non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA) remains unexplored. The aim of this study was to evaluate circulating NEFA levels in population-based samples of prepubertal children and adolescents and to analyze the association of NEFA with obesity, insulin resistance, and sexual hormones in adolescents. Experimental The studied population included 854 randomly selected 6-8-year-old children and 822 children aged 12-16 years. NEFA levels were determined using a commercial kit. Testosterone and estradiol levels were determined by RIA, and insulin and sex hormone binding protein by IRMA. HOMA was calculated as an indicator of insulin resistance. Results NEFA levels were lower in adolescents than in 6-8-year-old children, and decreased progressively with age between 12-year-olds and 16-year-olds. No significant differences in NEFA levels were observed between obese and non-obese adolescents. NEFA were not correlated with insulin or HOMA in 12-16-year-old girls, and appear negatively correlated with these variables in boys. Insulin and HOMA were negatively correlated with SHBG levels in both sexes adjusting by age but NEFA levels were not. Conclusions NEFA levels decrease with age in adolescents and are not significantly increased in obese children, supporting the fact that the decreased insulin sensitivity at this age is not affecting NEFA metabolism. Although SHBG is related to insulin and HOMA independently of age in both sexes, SHBG levels are not associated with NEFA. © 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Insulin resistance in obese pre-pubertal children: Relation to body composition; Background: Abdominal obesity is a strong determinant of obesity related metabolic complications. Data about pre-pubertal children are scarce.The aim of this study is to assess the presence of insulin resistance using different insulin sensitivity indices and investigate its relationship with abdominal fat distribution by Dual energy X-ray absorptiometry scan (DXA). Secondary outcome is to determine the frequency of the metabolic syndrome components. Subjects and methods: Twenty-three pre-pubertal obese children were recruited (14 females, 9 males). Height, weight, body mass index (BMI), waist and hip circumferences, waist to hip ratio, and blood pressure were measured. Fasting blood samples were withdrawn for glucose, insulin, lipid profile, thyroid and liver functions. Patients underwent oral glucose tolerance testing (OGTT) and DXA scan for body composition. Insulin sensitivity was determined using homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), fasting glucose to insulin ratio, Matsuda, and Cederholm indices. Results: All patients had BMI, waist circumference, and DXA trunk fat more than 2 SDS. Mean fasting glucose, insulin, fasting glucose to insulin ratio, 120. min glucose and HOMA-IR were within normal limits, but mean Matsuda and Cederholm indices exceeded cut off limits. Dyslipidaemia was detected in 13 patients (56.5%), disturbed glucose homeostasis in 8 patients (34.8%), and systolic hypertension in 1 patient (4.3%). Metabolic syndrome diagnosis was established in three patients (13%). More insulin resistant patients were detected by Matsuda index. Trunk fat SDS correlated with Matsuda and Cederholm indices only. Conclusion: Dysglycaemia and dyslipidaemia are common among pre-pubertal obese children. Insulin sensitivity indices based on OGTT are superior to fasting indices in identifying at risk children. OGTT should be included in assessing obese children with BMI. >. 2 SDS. DXA scanning has limited value for this purpose in clinical settings. © 2014. ER  - 
Trier social stress test in indian adolescents; Objective: To test the Trier Social Stress Test for children (TSST-C) in a cohort of Indian adolescents. Design: Cohort study Setting: Holdsworth Memorial Hospital, Mysore, India. Participants: Adolescent children (N=273, 134 males; mean age 13.6 yrs) selected from an ongoing birth cohort; 269 completed the test. Intervention: Performance of 5-minutes each of public- speaking and mental arithmetic tasks in front of two unfamiliar 'evaluators'. Outcome measures: Salivary cortisol concentrations were measured at baseline and at regular intervals after the TSST-C. Continuous measurements of heart rate, finger blood pressure, stroke volume, cardiac output and systemic vascular resistance were carried out before, during and for 10 minutes after the TSSTC using a finger cuff. Results: Cortisol concentrations [mean increment (SD): 6.1 (6.9) ng/mL], heart rate [4.6 (10.1) bpm], systolic [24.2 (11.6) mmHg] and diastolic blood pressure [16.5 (7.3) mmHg], cardiac output [0.6 (0.7) L/min], stroke volume [4.0 (5.6) mL] and systemic vascular resistance [225 (282) dyn.s/cm 5 ] increased significantly (P<0.001) from baseline after inducing stress. Conclusions: The TSST-C produces stress-responses in Indian adolescents of a sufficient magnitude to be a useful tool for examining stress physiology and its relationships to disease outcomes in this population. ER  - 
Factors influencing menarcheal age: Results from the cohort of Tehran Lipid and glucose study; Background: Menarche is considered as a milestone in the women's reproductive life. Most existing studies on factors influencing menarcheal age had cross-sectional designs and their finding were controversial. Objectives: We aimed to determine some factors affecting the age at menarche in a cohort study with an average of ten-year follow-up; the study was conducted within the framework of Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study (TLGS). Materials and Methods: For the purpose of the present study, we recruited all the females aged 12 to 18 years participated in TLGS whose menarche had not begun at the initiation of the study, but occurred during their follow-up. The effect of premenarcheal status of various factors including socioeconomic and anthropometric parameters, physical activity, energy expenditure, and exposure to tobacco smoke on menarcheal age was explored. Results: The mean of age at menarche was 13.06 ± 1.24 years. There were significant statistical associations between age of the participants' mothers at menarche (r = 0.66, P < 0.001), maternal education (r = -0.04, P = 0.002), and body mass index (BMI) before menarcheal (r = 0.25, P = 0.027) with age at menarche. There was no significant correlation between age at menarche, with either of maternal employment, premenarcheal physical activity, energy expenditure, and passive smoking. Conclusions: Among various factor influencing menarcheal age, premenarcheal BMI is modifiable, and considering its significance, could prevent early or late menarches. © 2014, Research Institute For Endocrine Sciences and Iran Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Systematic review and meta-analysis of age at menarche and risk of type 2 diabetes; The relation of early menarche with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) remains inconsistent across studies. The objective of this systematic review and meta-analysis of published population-based observational studies was to assess the association between age at menarche and T2DM risk. We searched online data bases through December 2013 and examined the reference lists of pertinent articles. Summary relative risks (RRs) with 95 % confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated with a random-effects model. A total of 14 effect estimates from 10 eligible studies (three cross-sectional and seven cohort studies) included 315,428 participants and 22,085 cases of T2DM. Compared with the highest or middle category, women in the lowest category of age at menarche had higher risk of T2DM [summary RR (95 % CI) 1.22 (1.17, 1.28)]. These results were consistent between studies that conducted in the United States and in Europe. The association between age at menarche and T2DM was slightly stronger for cohort than for cross-sectional studies. These findings strongly support an association between younger age at menarche and increased risk of T2DM. Age at menarche may help identify women with increased risk of developing T2DM. © 2014 Springer-Verlag. ER  - 
Associations of size at birth and postnatal catch-up growth status with clinical and biomedical characteristics in prepubertal girls with precocious adrenarche: Preliminary results; Context: The causes of polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) in girls with precocious adrenarche (PA) remain unclear. Objective: Our goal was to compare the clinical, biochemical, and ultrasound characteristics of girls with PA whose size at birth was appropriate for gestational age (AGA) vs those born small for gestational age (SGA). PCOS-associated metabolic and morphological correlates were examined. Design: Glucose tolerance, ACTH stimulation, and transabdominal ultrasounds were examined in 56AGAand 31SGAgirls with PA. Bone age and hormonal profiles were determined.SGAgirls were divided into 2 groups by catch-up growth (CUG) status. Subgroups were compared. Results: Chronological age, Tanner stage for pubarche, ovarian volume, and uterine volume were similar between the groups. SGA girls had lower body mass index and higher bone age-adjusted post-corticotropin cortisol. We found increased body mass index-adjusted mean serum insulin, reduced insulin sensitivity, and reduced IGF-binding protein-1 in SGA girls. Multicystic ovaries were more common in SGA girls (odds ratio [OR] = 9.69, 95% confidence interval [CI] = 3.34-28.15; P = .001). SGA girls without CUG had a higher incidence of multicystic ovaries than CUG counterparts (OR = 8.4, 95% CI = 1.4 -19.3; P = .027). Being born SGA (OR = 43.4, 95% CI = 6.9-84.7; P = .001] and exaggerated 17-hydroxyprogesterone response (OR=15.8, 95% CI=1.7- 49.8; P=.015) were associated with multicystic ovaries. Conclusions: Significant differences in hormone levels, insulin sensitivity, and ovarian maturity were foundin prepubertal girls withPAwhowereSGA.Longitudinal follow-up will helpdeterminewhether these factors contribute to a specific PCOS phenotype inSGAgirls with PA. Copyright © 2014 by the Endocrine Society. ER  - 
IGF-1 and growth response to adult height in a randomized GH treatment trial in short non-GH-deficient children; Context: GH treatment significantly increased adult height (AH) in a dose-dependent manner in short non-GH-deficient children in a randomized, controlled, clinical trial; the mean gain in height SD score (height SDS) was 1.3 (range 0-3), compared with 0.2 in the untreated group. Objective: The objective of the study was to analyze the relationship between IGF-1SDS, IGF binding protein-3 SDS (IGFBP3SDS), and their ratioSDS with a gain in the heightSDS until AH in non-GHdeficient short children. Design and Setting: This was a randomized, controlled, multicenter clinical trial. Intervention: The intervention included GH treatment: 33 or 67 μg/kg · d plus untreated controls. Subjects: One hundred fifty-one non-GH-deficient short children were included in the intent-totreat (ITT) population and 108 in the per-protocol (PP) population; 112 children in the ITT and 68 children in the PP populations had idiopathic short stature (ISS). Main Outcome Measures: Increments from baseline to on-treatment study mean IGF-1SDS (ΔIGF- 1SDS), IGFBP3 SDS, and IGF-1 to IGFBP3 ratioSDS were assessed in relationship to the gain in heightSDS. Results: Sixty-two percent of the variance in the gain in heightSDS in childrenonGHtreatment could be explained by four variables: ΔIGF-1SDS (explaining 28%), bone age delay, birth length (the taller the better), andGHdose (the higher the better). The lower IGF-1SDS was at baseline, the higher was its increment during treatment. For both the AllPP- and the ISS PP-treated groups, the attained IGF-1SDS study level did not correlate with height gain. Conclusion: In short non-GH-deficient children, the GH dose-related increment in IGF-1SDS from baseline to mean study level was the most important explanatory variable for long-term growth response from the peripubertal period until AH, when IGF-1SDS, IGFBP3 SDS, and their ratioSDS were compared concurrently. Copyright © 2014 by the Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Body composition and risk for metabolic alterations in female adolescents; Objective: To study anthropometrical and body composition variables as predictors of risk for metabolic alterations and metabolic syndrome in female adolescents. Methods: Biochemical, clinical and corporal composition data of 100 adolescents from 14 to 17 years old, who attended public schools in Viçosa, Southeastern Brazil, were collected. Results: Regarding nutritional status, 83, 11 and 6% showed eutrophia, overweight/obesity and low weight, respectively, and 61% presented high body fat percent. Total cholesterol presented the highest percentage of inadequacy (57%), followed by high-density lipoprotein (HDL - 50%), low-density lipoprotein (LDL - 47%) and triacylglycerol (22%). Inadequacy was observed in 11, 9, 3 and 4% in relation to insulin resistance, fasting insulin, blood pressure and glycemia, respectively. The highest values of the fasting insulin and the Homeostasis Model Assessment-Insulin Resistance (HOMA-IR) were verified at the highest quartiles of body mass index (BMI), waist perimeter, waist-to-height ratio and body fat percent. Body mass index, waist perimeter, and waist-to-height ratio were the better predictors for high levels of HOMA-IR, blood glucose and fasting insulin. Waist-to-hip ratio was associated to arterial hypertension diagnosis. All body composition variables were effective in metabolic syndrome diagnosis. Conclusions: Waist perimeter, BMI and waist-to-height ratio showed to be good predictors for metabolic alterations in female adolescents and then should be used together for the nutritional assessment in this age range. ER  - 
Neck circumference as a new anthropometric indicator for prediction of insulin resistance and components of metabolic syndrome in adolescents: Brazilian Metabolic Syndrome Study; Objective: To evaluate the correlation between neck circumference and insulin resistance and components of metabolic syndrome in adolescents with different adiposity levels and pubertal stages, as well as to determine the usefulness of neck circumference to predict insulin resistance in adolescents. Methods: Cross-sectional study with 388 adolescents of both genders from ten to 19 years old. The adolescents underwent anthropometric and body composition assessment, including neck and waist circumferences, and biochemical evaluation. The pubertal stage was obtained by self-assessment, and the blood pressure, by auscultation. Insulin resistance was evaluated by the Homeostasis Model Assessment-Insulin Resistance. The correlation between two variables was evaluated by partial correlation coefficient adjusted for the percentage of body fat and pubertal stage. The performance of neck circumference to identify insulin resistance was tested by Receiver Operating Characteristic Curve. Results: After the adjustment for percentage body fat and pubertal stage, neck circumference correlated with waist circumference, blood pressure, triglycerides and markers of insulin resistance in both genders. Conclusions: The results showed that the neck circumference is a useful tool for the detection of insulin resistance and changes in the indicators of metabolic syndrome in adolescents. The easiness of application and low cost of this measure may allow its use in Public Health services. ER  - 
Could mean platelet volume among complete blood count parameters be a surrogate marker of metabolic syndrome in pre-pubertal children?; Interest in childhood metabolic syndrome (MetS) has increased substantially due to the increasing prevalence of childhood obesity on a global scale. Early recognition of MetS is critical in order to delay the development of cardiovascular disease (CVD). In this study, we evaluated the relationship between complete blood count (CBC) parameters and MetS among pre-pubertal children which may provide evidence in support of using low cost, readily available clinical haematological parameters for the detection of MetS. A retrospective analysis was carried out on 330 (125 lean vs. 205 overweight) Turkish pre-pubertal children who attend to a paediatric outpatient clinic. Age, gender, puberty, body mass index, CBC parameters, cardiometabolic risk factors including lipid profiles, high sensitive serum reactive protein (hsCRP) and insulin resistance index calculated by homeostasis model assessment (HOMA-IR) were evaluated and compared among lean, overweight children and children with MetS. The mean age of the study population was 7.4±1.9 years. In both gender, the mean values of mean corpuscular volume (MCV), mean corpuscular haemoglobin (MCH) and mean corpuscular haemoglobin concentration (MCHC) were significantly lower and red blood cell (RBC), platelet (PLT) counts were significantly higher in overweight children. Overall, 8.4% (n=28) of patients met the criteria of MetS. Children with MetS had higher levels of PLT and lower levels of mean platelet volume (MPV). Of all the haematological parameters analysed, PLT was positively, whereas MPV was negatively correlated with MetS in girls. In addition, MPV was inversely correlated with fasting blood glucose, HOMA-IR, low density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) and low density lipoprotein-cholesterol/high density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C/HDL-C) ratio in girls after adjusting for confounding factors. The risk analyses of MetS in terms of MPV quartiles showed that the adjusted OR (95% CI) for the lowest vs. The highest quartile was 7.71 (1.45-40.89) in girls. These data might suggest that MPV could be another feature of MetS in pre-pubertal girls and might be used as a surrogate marker for MetS in clinical settings. © 2014 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Mastalgia in female medical students, Mansoura University, Egypt; AIM: Mastalgia is common and could heavily affected females' life. Objectives: To estimate the prevalence of mastalgia, its characteristics and predisposing factors among a sample of female medical students in Mansoura University. METHODS: A cross-sectional descriptive study was conducted on 797 female medical students in Egypt. Data was collected through a self-administered questionnaire covering the presence of breast pain and its characteristics, exacerbating factors, breast pain questionnaire (McGill) as well as effect on usual activities and treatment practices. RESULTS: Among 797 students, 26.7% had mastalgia. The mean duration of pain was 2.6±1.58 days. According to McGill pain score, the mean scores of sensory and affective pain were 2.6±2.3 and 0.93±1.4, respectively. The independent risk factors of mastalgia were: breast infection; breast mass; being married and excess consumption of fatty diet. The commonest adopted management strategy for pain was by wearing a firm bra (47.5%) or drinking hot drinks and herbs (43.7%). A well fitting bra has been shown to reduce pain. CONCLUSIONS: Breast pain or mastalgia is a common symptom in females. A larger representative study including non-university and minority populations would be expected to give better epidemiologic and clinical features of mastalgia as well as its effect on women's activity and productivity. ER  - 
Impact of comorbid conditions on survival in endometrial cancer; Objectives: To evaluate the contribution of multiple medical comorbidities on the overall survival of endometrial cancer patients. Methods: The study evaluated 490 endometrial cancer patients stages I to IV who were treated between 1992 and 2008 with a hysterectomy with or without radiation therapy (RT). Hazard ratios (HR) were calculated for multiple variables including: diabetes mellitus (DM), hypertension (HTN), body mass index, smoking, RT, and years of estrogen exposure and then recalculated with an adjustment for age and grade as potential confounders. Results: In this study, 47% of patients had HTN, 26% had DM, 11% were smokers, 64% were stage I, 39% were grade 1, and 36% received RT. The presence of DM and HTN on univariate analysis resulted in decreased survival with [HR 1.70; 95% confidence interval (CI), 1.18-2.46] and (HR 1.66; 95% CI, 1.17-2.36), respectively. On multivariate analysis after correction for stage, age, and grade, DM and HTN continued to show a reduced survival rate (HR 1.58; 95% CI, 1.07-2.33 and HR 1.51; 95% CI, 1.06-2.15, respectively). Body mass index, smoking, parity, age at menarche, and years of estrogen exposure did not affect survival before or after correction for stage, age, and grade. Conclusions: In this study, DM and HTN adversely effected survival. Given the favorable survival rate for most patients with endometrial cancer, attention to comorbid conditions, and particularly DM and HTN, is becoming more relevant for its implications on current health care and policy. Copyright © 2012 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Heart rate variability in pubertal girls with type 1 diabetes: Its relationship with glycaemic control, insulin resistance and hyperandrogenism; Objective To examine the association between glycaemic control, insulin resistance and hyperandrogenism on cardiac autonomic function in peripubertal girls with type 1 diabetes. Design Prospective, clinic-based study of 125 girls with diabetes and 46 age-matched nondiabetic girls. Measurements Heart rate variability (HRV) parameters derived from a 10-min ECG recording using LabChart Pro were as follows: standard deviation of mean NN intervals (SDNN), where NN = adjacent QRS complexes; root mean squared difference of successive NN intervals (RMSSD) - estimates of overall HRV; and low-/high-frequency (LF:HF) ratio - an estimate of the sympathovagal balance. Androgens and sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG) were measured in girls with diabetes, and free androgen index (FAI) calculated. HRV and anthropometry were measured in nondiabetic controls. Results Adolescents with diabetes (median age 15·1 years [13·3-16·0], diabetes duration 7·0 years [4·6-10·0] and median HbA1c 8·4% [7·5-9·3]) had higher HR and lower HRV compared with controls. Using multivariate models in the diabetes group, higher HR was associated with higher HbA1c, total daily dose insulin/kg body weight and systolic BP standard deviation scores (SDS), whilst reduced HRV was associated with higher HbA1c (SDNN, RMSSD and LF:HF ratio), lower SHBG (SDNN and RMSSD) and higher weight SDS (LF:HF ratio). Higher FAI was associated with higher HR and reduced HRV measures in the univariate analyses only. Conclusions In adolescent girls with diabetes, reduced HRV parameters are associated with worse glycaemic control, lower SHBG and higher weight SDS. SHBG should be considered in the cardiac risk models for this population. © 2013 John Wiley & Sons Ltd. ER  - 
Efficacy of treatment with I131 in paediatric Graves disease; AbstractIntroduction Radioiodine is an important therapeutic option in young patients with Grave's disease (GD). In the United States it is a widespread therapy, but in Europe its use in paediatrics is still controversial. Aim To report our experience in radioiodine therapy of paediatric GD patients and analyse its effectiveness and safety. Patients and methods We retrospectively studied our paediatric population (<18 years of age) with GD, diagnosed from 1982 to 2012. A curative option was offered to patients who did not respond to anti-thyroid drug (AT) at puberty. We analysed, the patient characteristics, TSH, T4, T3 and thyroid antibodies levels, AT response, remission post I131, side effects, and hypothyroidism rates. Results A total of 50 patients were diagnosed with GD from 1982 to 2012. All patients received AT as initial treatment (mean duration: 35.3 ± 25.9 months). Permanent remission was achieved in 46%. Thyroidectomy was performed in 5 patients, and 14 patients received I131 (mean dose: 10.9 ± 1.09 mCi). Remission with I131 was obtained in 100%. The rate of permanent hypothyroidism was 90%. There was no progression of ophthalmopathy or side effects in any patients treated with I131. Conclusion Radioiodine treatment of paediatric GD patients is safe, leads to complete remission at the expense of hypothyroidism, and does not exacerbate ophthalmopathy. It can be considered in patients older than 5 years, who do no not respond to AT or with significant side effects with this medication. © 2012 Asociación Española de Pediatría. ER  - 
Influence of the Mediterranean diet on carotid intima-media thickness in hypercholesterolaemic children: A 12-month intervention study; Background and aims: The Mediterranean diet has been recognised as having a protective role on the cardiovascular system due to its low lipid and high antioxidant content. Lipid profile and oxidant status represent two important risk factors related to endothelial dysfunction, even at early stages of cardiovascular diseases. The aim of the study was to evaluate the influence of a 12-month Mediterranean diet on the variation of lipid profile and carotid intima-media thickness (cIMT) in pre-pubertal hypercholesterolaemic children. Methods and results: We performed a cross-sectional study comparing lipid profile and cIMT in a group of 68 pre-pubertal children (36 with hypercholesterolaemia and 32 controls). In addition, in the hypercholesterolaemic children a 12-month intervention programme with a Mediterranean diet was started to evaluate the variation of lipid profile and cIMT. At baseline, hypercholesterolaemic children showed a significantly higher cIMT (both right and left carotid artery) compared to controls (both p<0.05). After 12 months of diet intervention, a significant reduction of total cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol and cIMT was documented (all p<0.05). Furthermore, at the end of follow-up, delta body mass index-Standard Deviation score and delta LDL-cholesterol were significantly and independently related to the changes of cIMT (both p<0.05). Conclusion: The Mediterranean diet represents a valid approach in the treatment of hypercholesterolaemia even during childhood. © 2013 Elsevier B.V. ER  - 
Size at birth, morning cortisol and cardiometabolic risk markers in healthy Indian children; Objective Prenatal programming of the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis may link reduced foetal growth with higher adult chronic disease risk. South Asians have a high prevalence of low birth weight and a thin-fat phenotype, which is associated with subsequent type 2 diabetes and the metabolic syndrome. Altered HPA activity could be one of the pathological processes underlying this link. Methods Plasma morning cortisol and corticosteroid-binding globulin (CBG) concentrations were determined in 528 children aged 9·5 years from a prospective birth cohort in India. They had detailed anthropometry at birth, and current measurements of anthropometry, plasma glucose, insulin and lipid concentrations and blood pressure. Insulin resistance (Homeostasis Model Assessment) and insulin secretion (the 30-min insulin increment) were also assessed. Results None of the birth measurements were associated with cortisol concentrations, but both birth weight (P = 0·03) and length (P = 0·004) were inversely associated with CBG concentrations. Cortisol concentrations were inversely associated with current body mass index (P = 0·02), and positively associated with glucose (fasting: P < 0·001; 30-min: P = 0·002) concentrations, and systolic blood pressure (P = 0·005), but not insulin resistance or the insulin increment. Conclusion Higher morning cortisol is associated with higher cardiometabolic risk markers in Indian children. Although cortisol concentrations did not appear to be related to birth size, small size at birth was associated with higher CBG levels, and may be one of the processes by which foetal undernutrition affects adult health. The findings suggest a need for dynamic testing of HPA axis activity (such as measuring stress responses). © 2013 John Wiley & Sons Ltd. ER  - 
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in obese children and the relationship between metabolic syndrome criteria; Aim To investigate metabolic syndrome (MetS) and MetS criteria, and to establish whether metabolic syndrome criteria were associated with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in obese children. Methods A total of 451 pubertal obese children (8-18 years old) were enrolled in the study. Patients were divided into three groups according to the degree of steatosis. Antropometric and laboratory measurements of the participants were recorded. Results Of 451 obese children, 217 (48.1%) were diagnosed as having NAFLD and 96 (21.3%) as having MetS. The frequency of abdominal obesity, hypertension, impaired fasting glucose, hyperinsulinemia, dyslipidemia and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) were 61.8% (279), 25.7% (116), 4.4% (20), 54.3% (245), 41% (185) and 2.2% (10), respectively. The prevalence of NAFLD among patients with MetS [73% (70/96)], was significantly higher than the frequency of hypertension [55% (53/96)] and abnormalities of glucose metabolism [23% (22/96)], but almost equal to the frequency of dyslipidemia [78% (75/96)]. The prevalence of MetS criteria were higher in patients with NAFLD than those without NAFLD. Except impaired fasting glucose, blood pressure and T2DM significant difference was found between groups for all. It was observed that the number of MetS criteria increased in parallel with the severity of steatosis. Conclusion NAFLD in obese children is strongly associated with multiple MetS criteria. In addition to NAFLD is not only a liver disease, but also early mediator that reflects metabolic disorder, and liver ultrasound can be a useful tool for MetS screening. © 2013 Asian Oceanian Association for the Study of Obesity. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Components of the metabolic syndrome are negative predictors of weight loss in obese children with lifestyle intervention; Background and aims: Insulin resistance has been proposed to be associated with weight gain in obesity. Therefore, we analyzed the impact of insulin resistance and its associated cardiovascular risk factors (CRFs) summarized in the Metabolic Syndrome (MetS) on change of weight status in obese children. Methods: We analyzed 484 obese children who had participated in a lifestyle intervention and 533 obese children without lifestyle intervention. The changes of BMI-SDS in the time period of 1-year were related to baseline fasting insulin resistance index HOMA, blood pressure, waist circumference, waist-to-height ratio, lipids, uric acid, and HbA1c. Results: In contrast to obese children without lifestyle intervention, BMI-SDS decreased and the majority of CRFs improved significantly in obese children with lifestyle intervention. Age, BMI, waist circumference, waist-to-height ratio, blood pressure, uric acid, triglycerides, and HOMA were negatively significantly related to reduction of BMI-SDS in children with lifestyle intervention. In multiple linear regression analysis adjusted for gender, pubertal stage, and treatment center (R2=0.26), waist circumference (r=-0.016 [confidence interval-0.019 up to-0.013], p<0.001) was the strongest negative predictor of weight loss in children with lifestyle intervention. In children without lifestyle intervention, we did not find significant relationships between change of BMI-SDS and CRFs including insulin resistance in multiple regression analysis. Conclusions: Insulin resistance and components of the MetS were associated negatively with weight loss in lifestyle intervention. Waist circumference at baseline was the strongest negative predictor of weight loss suggesting that obese children with abdominal fat distribution need more intensive interventions. This study is registered at clinicaltrials.gov (NCT00435734). © 2013 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. ER  - 
Prevalence of impaired awareness of hypoglycemia and identification of predictive symptoms in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes; Background: In children with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) the prevalence of impaired awareness of hypoglycemia (IAH) is uncertain. This study aimed to ascertain this with greater precision. Secondary aims were to assess symptoms of hypoglycemia and which of these best predict awareness of hypoglycemia in children. Methods: Questionnaires were completed by 98 children with T1DM (mean age 10.6yr) and their parent(s); hospital admission data for the previous year were collected. Awareness of hypoglycemia was assessed using two questionnaire-based methods that have been validated in adults. For 4 wk, participants performed routine blood glucose measurements and completed questionnaires after each episode of hypoglycemia. Principal components analysis determined how symptoms correlate; multinomial logistic regression models identified which symptom aggregate best predicted awareness status. Results: The 'Gold' questionnaire classified a greater proportion of the participants as having IAH than the 'Clarke' questionnaire (68.4 vs. 22.4%). Using the 'Clarke' method, but not the 'Gold' method, children with IAH were younger and more likely to require external assistance or hospital admission. Most aged ≥9 yr (98.6%) were able to self-assess awareness status accurately. Puberty and increasing age, augmented symptom scores; duration of diabetes and glycemic control had no effect. In contrast to adults, behavioral symptoms were the best predictors of awareness status. Conclusions: IAH affects a substantial minority of children and impending hypoglycemia may be heralded by behavioral symptoms. The 'Clarke' method was more effective at identifying those at increased risk and could be used as a screening tool. © 2013 John Wiley & Sons A/S. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd. ER  - 
Testicular function during adolescence in boys with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1D): Absence of hypogonadism and differences in endocrine profile at the beginning and end of puberty; Aim: Conflicting results regarding testicular function in adults with type 1 diabetes (T1D) have been reported, but little is known about Leydig and Sertoli cell function during puberty in boys treated with multiple daily insulin doses. Our aim was to assess testicular function in boys with T1D. Methods: Pubertal boys with T1D (n=71) and healthy control boys (Control group; n=104) who were 10-18years were studied. Both groups were matched by pubertal stage, age, and BMI. Total testosterone (TT), calculated free testosterone (cfT), SHBG, inhibin B, AMH, and gonadotropin levels were determined. Results: At the beginning of puberty, the T1D group had higher levels of SHBG (p=0.003) and similar androgen levels than the Control group. At the end of puberty, higher TT, and cfT were observed in T1D compared to the Control group (p<0.01 and p<0.001, respectively). Gonadotropins and AMH were similar in both groups. Regression analysis showed that T1D was a significant factor, even after adjusting for Tanner stage and BMI-SDS, affecting TT, cFT, and SHBG levels. BMI-SDS was a significant factor affecting TT and SHBG levels. Higher HbA1c had a negative effect on total testosterone and cFT and a positive effect on SHBG levels in T1D boys. Conclusion: Adolescents with T1D do not exhibit hypogonadism, as shown by normal gonadotropin, testosterone, inhibin B, and AMH levels. However, in T1D boys, HbA1c and BMI-SDS had a negative association with testosterone levels. Elevated testosterone levels are observed during late puberty, which were not present earlier. © 2013 John Wiley & Sons A/S. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd. ER  - 
Glucose Metabolism, Insulin Sensitivity and β-Cell Function in Type A Insulin Resistance Syndrome Around Puberty: A 9-Year Follow-up; Diabetes mellitus is thought to be progressive. Insufficient insulin secretion in compensation for insulin resistance leads to glucose intolerance. A previously reported proband with type A insulin resistance syndrome and her younger twin brothers with and without the R1174W missense mutation in the insulin receptor gene were followed for 9 years to study the progression of glucose metabolism, insulin sensitivity, and β-cell function around puberty. Five-hour OGTT was performed in them at each visit. Areas under the curves of glucose, insulin and C-peptides, insulinogenic index, AIR, and Homa indices were assessed. Intramyocellular lipids (IMCLs) were quantified in the proband and compared to those of 12 nondiabetic subjects, 118 newly diagnosed type 2 diabetic patients. The proband maintained normal HbA1c (27-37 mmol/mol) and fasting plasma glucose (3.7-4.5 mmol/l), and her glucose tolerance ameliorated over years. The proband's Homa-IR decreased into adulthood, while her Homa-B, insulinogenic index, AIR, AUCs of insulin, and C-peptide decreased accordingly. Homa-B to Homa-IR ratios stayed significantly higher than normal. Homa-B, AUCs of insulin, and C-peptide of the twin brothers increased in response to the increment of Homa-IR as they entered middle and late puberty. The changes were more dramatic in the twin brothers carrying the mutation. IMCLs of the proband were lower than those of the nondiabetic counterparts and were disproportional for the degree of insulin resistance. Our longitudinal data of type A insulin resistance syndrome around puberty provide significant information for the study of insulin secretion in compensation for insulin resistance. ©2014 Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart. New York. ER  - 
Changes in weight and BMI following the diagnosis of type 1 diabetes in children and adolescents; The aim of this study was to study weight and body mass index (BMI) before, at, and after diagnosis of type 1 diabetes (T1D) and to identify factors associated with weight gain. Studied retrospectively were 209 children <18 years with T1D followed for 6 years. Data collected included clinical and laboratory data before diagnosis, at diagnosis, and during 6 years of follow-up. Anthropometric parameters of patients were compared along follow-up and with those of their parents and siblings. Mean BMI-standard deviation score (SDS) was below average at diagnosis (-0.66 ± 1.27), had increased to 0.37 ± 0.93 at 3 months, and decreased to a nadir at 6 months in females and 12 months in males; between 1 and 3 years, there was a slight increase and between 3 and 6 years a further increase only in the females. BMI-SDS at 6 years was significantly higher than pre-diabetes BMI-SDS (0.35 ± 0.83 vs. -0.04 ± 1.23, p < 0.001). Patients' BMI-SDS at 6 years was similar to that of their parents and siblings, was higher in the females (0.53 ± 0.74 vs. 0.27 ± 0.82, p = 0.02) and in those keeping diabetes a secret (0.66 ± 0.82 vs. 0.33 ± 0.78, p = 0.027), and was not associated with age or pubertal stage at diagnosis, ethnicity, or metabolic control. A longer duration of insulin pump therapy was associated with a lower BMI-SDS (r = -0.2375, p < 0.025). BMI-SDS increased during the 6 years following diagnosis of T1D in pediatric patients, especially in the females, but remained in the normal range and was similar to that of other family members. © Springer-Verlag 2013. ER  - 
Plasma resistin levels are associated with homocysteine, endothelial activation, and nitrosative stress in obese youths; Objective: To evaluate whether serum resistin levels are related to cardiovascular risk in obese children. Design and methods: Cross-sectional study of 110 children (40 normal weight and 70 severely obese). Clinical and biochemical parameters, including lipid profile, fasting glucose and insulin, and homocysteine, were determined. The levels of adipokines (adiponectin, leptin, and resistin), markers of inflammation (high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP)), endothelial activation (serum concentrations of soluble intercellular and vascular cellular adhesion molecule-1 (sICAM-1, sVCAM-1)), and oxidative/nitrosative stress (malondialdehyde and urinary nitrate/nitrite) were measured. Results: A partial correlation adjusted by gender, Tanner stage, and body mass index in obese children showed that resistin was significantly related to central obesity (p<0.002), insulin resistance (p<0.005), and homocysteine (p<0.001). No association was found with other metabolic risk factors or hs-CRP levels. Malondialdehyde (p<0.043) and sVCAM-1 (p<0.002) were positively correlated whereas urinary nitrate/nitrite was negatively correlated (p<0.007). In multiple regression analysis homocysteine, sVCAM-1, and urinary nitrate/nitrite remained independent determinants of resistin levels (R2 adjusted=0.347, p=0.000). Conclusions: Resistin could be considered as a promising marker for future cardiovascular disease in obese children. © 2013 The Canadian Society of Clinical Chemists. ER  - 
Pelvic ultrasound findings in prepubertal girls with precocious adrenarche born appropriate for gestational age; Background Precocious adrenarche (PA) refers to the clinical onset of excess androgen in girls before the age of 8. It is associated with an increased risk of functional ovarian hyperandrogenism after puberty. PA may be associated with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). We compared pelvic ultrasound (US) findings of girls with PA born appropriate for gestational age (AGA) to healthy body mass index (BMI)-matched peers to determine whether US findings in AGA-born PA girls are associated with PCOS antecedents. Subjects and methods We conducted a cross-sectional study on 56 AGA-born girls with PA (6.9 ± 0.6 years) and 33 BMI-matched prepubertal AGA-born peers (7.1 ± 1.0 years). Hormonal data, homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), insulin sensitivity index (ISIcomp) and pelvic US findings were compared. Associations of pelvic US findings with clinical and metabolic data were investigated. Results Precocious adrenarche girls had greater height and bone age-adjusted uterine length (UL; P = 0.01) and UL standard deviation score (SDS) (P = 0.02) than BMI-matched peers. Mean ovarian volume (MOV), MOV SDS, uterine volume, uterine cross-sectional area and ovarian morphology were similar between the groups (P > 0.05). MOV and MOV SDS correlated with ISI comp (r = -0.683, P < 0.001; r = -0.760, P < 0.001; respectively). Correlations of pelvic US findings with other biochemical data did not reach significance (P > 0.05). Multivariate regression analysis revealed that in girls with PA, ISIcomp had the most significant effect on MOV SDS (R2 = 0.731, β = -4.784, P = 0.001). Conclusions Appropriate for gestational age-born PA girls have greater UL measurements than AGA-born BMI-matched peers. In AGA-born girls with PA, decreasing insulin sensitivity is strongly and independently associated with an increase in MOV. Longitudinal follow-up of our cohort after menarche will allow us to establish how many AGA-born girls with PA will ultimately develop PCOS. © 2013 John Wiley & Sons Ltd. ER  - 
Basal insulin requirement of youth with type 1 diabetes differs according to age; We investigated the percentage of total basal insulin dose to total daily insulin dose (%TBD) among Japanese youth of different ages with type 1 diabetes. The study enrolled 69 patients with type 1 diabetes who were treated with multiple daily injections of insulin. The participants were divided into the following age groups: group A, 0 to <10 years (n = 18); group B, 10 to <20 years (n = 31) and group C, 20 to <25 years (n = 20). We found no difference in the sex ratio, body mass index, and glycated hemoglobin and 2-h postprandial C-peptide levels among the three groups. Participants assigned to group B had a significantly higher percentage of total daily insulin dose than those in group A and group C (49.7 ± 10.4% vs 38.5 ± 13.7% and 38.3 ± 8.2%, P = 0.0005). In conclusion, the basal insulin requirements of Japanese youth with type 1 diabetes might have an age effect that is associated with puberty. © 2013 The Authors. ER  - 
The contribution of glycemic control to impaired growth during puberty in young people with type 1 diabetes and microalbuminuria; Background: In adults with type 1 diabetes (T1D), short stature has been associated with risk for cardiovascular disease and nephropathy. However, there are no available data on the potential relationship between growth patterns during puberty and the development of vascular complications. Our aim was to assess whether pubertal growth is impaired in young people with T1D who develop microalbuminuria (MA). Methods: Repeated height measurements performed during adolescence were available for 206 young people (107 boys) with T1D followed in the Oxford Regional Prospective Study. Longitudinal data on albumin-creatinine ratios and hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) were also collected from the study participants. Height standard deviations score (SDS) was compared between subjects with (MA+; n=66) and without MA (MA-; n=140). Results: In the group as a whole, mean [95% CI] height SDS progressively declined during puberty, from 0.145 [0.015; 0.274] to -0.003 [-0.145; 0.138], p<0.001. However, the decline in height SDS was significantly different between the MA+ and MA- groups (p=0.023), with a mean difference in final height of 4.29 [1.87; 6.72] cm, p=0.001. Final height was inversely associated with MA (HR [95%CI]: 0.942 [0.908; 0.979], p=0.002), although this association was no longer significant after adjusting for HbA1c, which was higher in the MA+ group. Conclusion: In this study, we found a significant impairment in growth during puberty in young people with T1D, particularly in those developing MA. Poor glycemic control as well as other genetic or environmental factors could explain these associations. © 2013 John Wiley & Sons A/S. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd. ER  - 
Metabolic monitoring of obese children born small for gestational age; Introduction The "catch-up growth" phenomenon in children born small for gestational age (SGA) has been linked to early onset obesity with the subsequent emergence of metabolic syndrome (MetS) or its components. It has been postulated that the prevalence of MetS and its components increases strongly with age. Materials and methods A retrospective study was carried out over a 5 year period (2007-2011) to determine long-term metabolic complications in obese children born with normal weight for gestational age (appropriate for gestational age: AGA) and SGA. 517 patients were qualified into the study. According to birth weight and gestational age they were first divided into SGA (107 patients - 20%) and AGA (410 patients - 80%) and then by age into three subgroups: prepubertary group, pubertary group and adolescents. Blood pressure, lipids and glucose were measured. Oral glucose tolerance tests (oGTT) were performed in all subjects. Results Prepubertary patients showed no significant differences between SGA and AGA; 4.8% met the framing criteria (according to Weiss) for MetS. Pubertary patients showed a slightly increased prevalence of MetS among SGA patients 10.8%, compared to AGA patients 7.3%. MetS prevalence was significantly higher in obese adolescents born SGA 26.3% compared to AGA 15.7%. Conclusion MetS or its components develop progressively with age. Increased prevalence of MetS in SGA patients indicates that being born SGA appears to be an additional risk factor in the development of MetS starting with puberty. ER  - 
Acid-labile subunit levels and the association with response to growth hormone treatment in short children born small for gestational age; Aims: To determine acid-labile subunit (ALS) levels in short small for gestational age (SGA) children and to assess the relationship between ALS levels and several clinical and laboratory characteristics. Also, to assess whether adding ALS levels to a growth prediction model might improve the long-term growth prediction. Design/Methods: ALS levels were measured in 312 short SGA children at the start of growth hormone (GH) treatment. Results: Median (interquartile range) ALS of all subjects was -0.5 SDS, significantly below the 0 SDS (p < 0.001). In 34 children (11%), ALS levels were ≤-2 SDS. ALS SDS correlated significantly with height SDS (r = 0.24, p < 0.001), weight SDS (r = 0.30, p < 0.001), BMI SDS (r = 0.20, p = 0.001), IGF-I SDS (r = 0.56, p < 0.001) and IGFBP-3 SDS (r = 0.67, p < 0.001). ALS SDS was also positively correlated with fasting insulin (r = 0.41, p < 0.001) and glucose levels (r = 0.33, p < 0.001), and HOMA-IR (r = 0.35, p < 0.001). Baseline ALS levels contributed to the long-term growth prediction of GH treatment (5%, p < 0.001). Conclusion: Short SGA children tend to have lower ALS levels compared to controls, albeit less reduced than IGF-I and IGFBP-3 levels. Our data suggest that ALS may be involved in glucose homeostasis. Determination of ALS levels before the start of GH treatment in short SGA children contributes moderately to a more accurate prediction of the growth response to GH treatment. © 2014 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Obesity, sex and pubertal status affect appetite hormone responses to a mixed glucose and whey protein drink in adolescents; Background and Objectives Little information is available on how food intake regulatory hormones may be altered during pubertal development and across the weight spectrum in adolescents. Therefore, the effect of obesity, sex and pubertal status on subjective appetite and appetite hormones in response to a mixed glucose and whey protein drink was determined in 8-18 year old adolescents. Patients and Methods A cross-sectional cohort study was conducted at the Hospital for Sick Children, Toronto. After a 12 h fast, normal weight (n = 5 female, 4 male) and obese (n = 5 female, 4 male) adolescents (Experiment 1), and pre-early pubertal (n = 10) and mid-late pubertal (n = 10) obese male adolescents (Experiment 2) consumed a 250 ml glucose (30 g) and whey protein (30 g) beverage. Insulin, PYY, ghrelin and subjective appetite were measured over 120 min. Results Obese adolescents (Experiment 1) have higher insulin, PYY and lower ghrelin (P < 0·006) than normal weight controls, with a more pronounced effect in males (P < 0·037). Puberty (Experiment 2) did not affect insulin (P = 0·305), but the change in PYY in response to the drink was greater (P = 0·032) and ghrelin was lower (P = 0·026) in mid-late pubertal than pre-early pubertal obese males. Average appetite 60 min post-drink was higher in obese and mid-late pubertal adolescents, but not related to hormone changes. Conclusions Obesity, sex and pubertal status affect macronutrient-stimulated appetite hormone secretion and these factors may alter food intake in obese children during pubertal development. © 2014 John Wiley & Sons Ltd. ER  - 
Surgical treatment of subependymal giant cell astrocytoma in tuberous sclerosis complex patients; Background Subependymal giant cell astrocytoma is a brain tumor associated with tuberous sclerosis complex. There are two treatment options for subependymal giant cell astrocytomas: surgery or mammalian target of rapamycin inhibitor. The analysis of outcome of subependymal giant cell astrocytoma surgery may help characterize the patients who may benefit from pharmacotherapy. Methods Sixty-four subependymal giant cell astrocytoma surgeries in 57 tuberous sclerosis complex patients with at least a 12-month follow-up were included in the study. The tumor size, age of the patients, mutation in the TSC1 or TSC2 gene, indication for the surgery, and postsurgical complications were analyzed. Results The mean age of patients at surgery was 9.7 years. Mean follow-up after surgery was 63.7 months. Thirty-seven (57.8%) tumors were symptomatic and 27 (42.2%) were asymptomatic. Patients with TSC2 mutations developed subependymal giant cell astrocytoma at a significantly younger age than individuals with TSC1 mutations. Four patients (6.2% of all surgeries) died after surgery. Surgery-related complications were reported in 0%, 46%, 83%, 81%, and 67% of patients with tumors <2 cm, between 2 and 3 cm, between 3 and 4 cm, >4 cm, and bilateral subependymal giant cell astrocytomas, respectively, and were most common in children younger than 3 years of age. The most common complications included hemiparesis, hydrocephalus, hematoma, and cognitive decline. Conclusions Our study indicates that subependymal giant cell astrocytoma surgery is associated with significant risk in individuals with bilateral subependymal giant cell astrocytomas, tumors bigger than 2 cm, and in children younger than 3 years of age. Therefore, tuberous sclerosis complex patients should be thoroughly screened for subependymal giant cell astrocytoma growth, and early treatment should be considered in selected patients. © 2014 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Long-term secular trends in the age at menarche in israel: A systematic literature review and pooled analysis; Background/Aims: A worldwide decline in the age at menarche (AAM) has been reported in recent decades. This trend has been also clinically observed among Israeli women and was reported in our previous study. Methods: We reviewed the literature reporting the mean AAM in Israel during the past century. Studies were excluded if participants had been investigated due to illness or any condition which could affect sexual maturation. Mean AAM was analyzed using a simple linear regression weighted for number of participants in each birth cohort and stratified to birth cohorts before and after 1970, based on the outcome of our previous study. Results: AAM varied little among women born between 1875 and 1970, but there was a clear downwards trend from 13.4 in 1970 to 12.8 two decades later. In a stratified analysis we found a significant negative association between birth year and AAM in the birth cohort after 1970 (standardized β coefficient = -0.94 per year, R2 = 0.87; p < 0.001). Conclusion: These results suggest a significant decline in mean AAM in Israeli women born in 1970 or later. © 2014 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Mood and its association with metabolic health in adolescents: A longitudinal study, EarlyBird 65; Background: Mood comprises two main traits - positive and negative affect, both associated with depression and anxiety. Studies in children have linked depression with obesity, but the association with metabolic health is unclear. Objective: To explore the relationship between mood and metabolic health in adolescents. Methods: We studied 208 healthy children (115 boys) enrolled in the longitudinal EarlyBird Diabetes Study, and reviewed at 7 and 16yr. Participants completed the Positive Affect and Negative Affect Schedule - Child Form (PANAS-C) at 16yr to assess positive and negative affect, together representing mood. Measures at 7 and 16yr: body mass index (BMI), fat (%; dual energy X-ray absorptiometry), physical activity (accelerometer), metabolic risk z-score comprising homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), triglycerides, total cholesterol/high density lipoprotein (HDL) ratio and blood pressure. Pubertal development was determined by age at peak height velocity. Results: Positive affect was higher in boys than girls, (50 vs. 46, p=0.001), negative affect higher in girls than boys (26 vs. 22, p<0.001). Those with lower mood were fatter (r=-0.24, p<0.001), had higher HOMA-IR (r=-0.12, p=0.05), higher cholesterol:HDL ratio (r=-0.14, p=0.02), were less active (r=0.20, p=0.003) and had earlier pubertal development (r=0.19, p=0.004). Inverse associations between mood and metabolic risk z-score and change in metabolic risk z-score 7-16yr (β=-0.26, p=0.006, and -0.40, p=0.004, respectively) were independent of adiposity, physical activity and puberty and sex. Conclusions: Low mood in healthy children is associated with poorer metabolic health independently of adiposity. These findings may have implications for the physical and mental health of contemporary youngsters, given their increasing obesity and cardiometabolic risk. ER  - 
Risk of glaucoma after early bilateral oophorectomy; OBJECTIVE: Because early estrogen deficiency may increase the susceptibility of the optic nerve to glaucoma, we studied the association of early bilateral oophorectomy with glaucoma. METHODS: In the Mayo Clinic Cohort Study of Oophorectomy and Aging, we studied the risk of glaucoma by comparing women who underwent bilateral oophorectomy from 1950 to 1987 with age-matched referent women who did not undergo unilateral or bilateral oophorectomy. Glaucoma diagnostic codes were identified in the records linkage system of the Rochester Epidemiology Project. Hazard ratios (HRs) were calculated during a median follow-up of 25.5 years. Analyses were stratified by age at the time of bilateral oophorectomy (in tertiles). RESULTS: Of 1,044 women who underwent bilateral oophorectomy before menopause, 147 developed glaucoma. Of 1,070 referent women, 133 developed glaucoma. Women who underwent bilateral oophorectomy showed no increased risk of glaucoma in the overall group (HR, 1.12; 95% CI, 0.89-1.42). However, women who underwent oophorectomy before the age of 43 years (n = 344; first tertile) had a significantly increased risk of glaucoma (HR, 1.60; 95% CI, 1.15-2.23). The results did not change after adjustment for hypertension, obesity, diabetes, or disorders of lipid metabolism at baseline. Approximately 11% of women who had undergone bilateral oophorectomy before the age of 43 years were treated with estrogen up to the age of 50 years; however, treatment did not reduce the association (HR, 1.59; 95% CI, 0.81-3.13). CONCLUSIONS: Bilateral oophorectomy before the age of 43 years may increase the risk of glaucoma, and estrogen treatment does not seem to attenuate the risk. © 2014 The North American Menopause Society. ER  - 
Current treatment and management of dystrophinopathies; • Duchenne muscular dystrophy (DMD), the most common and severe type of dystrophinopathy, is a progressive disease affecting primordially skeletal and cardiac muscle. A coordinated multidisciplinary approach is required to address its multisystemic manifestations and secondary problems. • Treatment with glucocorticosteroids (GCS) is accepted as standard of care in ambulant DMD. Daily and intermittent administrations are both in common use with different efficacy and different side effect profile. • There are no established guidelines for age/stage at initiation and treatment duration of GCS. Common practice is initiation of GCS before the child is starting to decline (between age 3 and 6 years) and continuation of monitored treatment after loss of ambulation, aiming at delaying cardiac and respiratory manifestations and preventing the development of scoliosis. • Prevention, monitoring, and treatment of the side effects of long-term chronic GCS use, such as excessive weight gain, hypertension, osteoporosis, impairment of glucose metabolism, delayed puberty, and cataract, should be integrated in the standards of care. • Noninvasive ventilatory support associated with cough assisting techniques has significantly improved the longevity in DMD. • Pharmacologic treatment for cardiac manifestations includes the standard treatments of dilated cardiomyopathy and arrhythmia such as the use of angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors, beta-blockers and diuretics. The lack of robust controlled data hampers clear recommendations about preventive treatment with ACE inhibitors. • DMD is associated with low bone mineral content, which is aggravated by the use of corticosteroids. The use of biphosphonates can be considered in the treatment of painful vertebral fractures. The use of biphosphonates as a preventive treatment should be investigated in randomized controlled studies. • DMD has evolved from a pediatric disease to an adult condition. This underscores the need to prepare adult neurologists for the optimal surveillance and management of patients with a severe chronic disease that have outgrown the pediatric care and that may develop new disease manifestations with improved longevity. © 2014 Springer Science+Business Media. ER  - 
Quetiapine treatment in youth is associated with decreased insulin secretion; Second-generation antipsychotics (SGAs) are commonly prescribed to youth but are associated with metabolic effects including obesity and diabetes. The mechanisms underlying diabetes development are unclear. The purpose of this study was to compare glucose homeostasis, insulin sensitivity, insulin secretion, and overall β-cell function in risperidone-treated, quetiapine-treated, and SGA-naive youth with mental illness. We conducted a cross-sectional study in which youth aged 9 to 18 years underwent a 2-hour oral glucose tolerance test. Indices for insulin sensitivity (Matsuda index), insulin secretion (insulinogenic index), and β-cell function (insulin secretion-sensitivity index-2 [ISSI-2]) were calculated. A total of 18 SGA-naive, 20 risperidone-treated, and 16 quetiapine-treated youth participated. The 3 groups were similar in age, sex, ethnicity, body mass index standardized for age and sex, pubertal status, degree of psychiatric illness, psychiatric diagnoses, and other medications. The median treatment duration was 17 months (range, 3-91 months) for risperidone-treated youth and 10 months (range, 3-44 months) for quetiapine-treated youth. The quetiapine-treated group had lower insulinogenic index (P < 0.01) and lower ISSI-2 (P < 0.01) compared with that in the SGA-naive group. Only the body mass index standardized for age and sex was negatively associated with Matsuda index (β = -0.540, P < 0.001) in all youth. Quetiapine treatment was negatively associated with insulinogenic index (β = -0.426, P = 0.007) and ISSI-2 (β = -0.433, P = 0.008). Quetiapine reduced the insulin expression in isolated mouse islets suggesting a direct β-cell effect. Our results suggest that quetiapine treatment in youth is associated with impaired β-cell function, specifically lower insulin secretion. Prospective longitudinal studies are required to understand the progression of β-cell dysfunction after quetiapine initiation. Copyright © 2014 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Association of serum triglyceride-to-HDL cholesterol ratio with carotid artery intima-media thickness, insulin resistance and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in children and adolescents; Background and aims: The triglyceride (TG)/high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C) ratio has been reported as a useful marker of atherogenic lipid abnormalities, insulin resistance, and cardiovascular disease. We evaluated in a large sample of children and adolescents the association of TG/HDL-C ratio with early signs of morphological vascular changes and cardiometabolic risk factors including nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Methods and results: The study population, including 548 children (aged 6-16 years), of whom 157 were normal-weight, 118 overweight, and 273 obese, had anthropometric, laboratory, liver and carotid ultrasonography (carotid artery intima-media thickness-cIMT) data collected. Subjects were stratified into tertiles of TG/HDL-C. There was a progressive increase in body mass index (BMI), BMI-SD score (SDS), waist circumference, blood pressure (BP), liver enzymes, glucose, insulin, homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP), and cIMT values across TG/HDL-C tertiles. The odds ratios for central obesity, insulin resistance, high hsCRP, NAFLD, metabolic syndrome, and elevated cIMT increased significantly with the increasing tertile of TG/HDL-C ratio, after adjustment for age, gender, pubertal status, and BMI-SDS. In a stepwise multivariate logistic regression analysis, increased cIMT was associated with high TG/HDL-C ratio [OR, 1.81 (95% CI, 1.08-3.04); P<0.05], elevated BP [5.13 (95% CI, 1.03-15.08); P<0.05], insulin resistance [2.16 (95% CI, 1.30-3.39); P<0.01], and NAFLD [2.70 (95% CI, 1.62-4.56); P<0.01]. Conclusion: TG/HDL-C ratio may help identify children and adolescents at high risk for structural vascular changes and metabolic derangement. © 2014 Elsevier B.V. ER  - 
Adherence to growth hormone therapy: A practical approach; Background: Early detection of suspected poor adherence to growth hormone (GH) therapy is crucial to achieve normal final height in GH-deficient (GHD) patients. Patients: 106 children (73 M, 33 F) with a median age of 10.47 ± 3.48 years (mean ± standard deviation score (SDS)) exhibited short stature (-1.76 ± 0.64 SDS) and a delayed bone age (8.68 ± 3.42 years). Severe GHD was found in 28, while partial GHD was seen in 78 cases, with low IGF-I values. Recombinant human GH was administered by daily subcutaneous injection at a dosage of 21 μg/kg in prepubertal and 25 μg/kg in pubertal patients. Results: Poor adherence was suspected in a number of patients, but clearly demonstrated in only 4 cases with persistent reduced height velocity in spite of a corrected therapeutic regimen. These patients admitted incomplete adherence to GH injections and clinical and anthropometric measurements revealed their poor response to therapy. Conclusions: To efficaciously improve adherence in GHD patients, it is mandatory to regularly interview patients; a non-aggressive approach might be utilized to ensure effective communication with patients and their parents. © 2014 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Relationship between female reproductive history and carotid atherosclerosis; Objective Estrogens have been implicated in the development of atherosclerotic disease in the lower limbs and abdominal aorta. The reproductive history study of patients with carotid stenosis may contribute to the understanding of the risk factors for atherosclerosis. The main objective of this study was to investigate whether there are differences in reproductive history between women with carotid occlusive disease and healthy women, and the influence of these differences on its severity. Material and methods A case-control study was conducted on 153 patients with (78), and without (75) carotid occlusive disease. Patients with carotid stenosis were sub-divided according to the Doppler ultrasound results, into slight (<30%, 16.6%), moderate (30-49%, 16.6%), significant (50-60%, 12.8%), severe (70-99%, 34.6%), and thrombosed (100%, 19.2%). A validated questionnaire of 54 questions was used to gather information on reproductive history (age at menarche and menopause, number of children, use of contraceptives and hormone replacement therapy, and gynecological surgery), comorbidities (diabetes, dyslipidemia, smoking, coronary artery disease, and peripheral artery disease), and concomitant drug therapy. Results Both groups were comparable in age, weight, height, and comorbidities. There were significant differences in the number of children (1.4 ± 1 vs 3.2 ± 2, P=.04) and statin use (92.0 ± 28% vs 13.3 ± 35%, P=.02), being higher in the group of women with carotid disease. The possible influence of hormonal factors such as age at menarche and menopause, as well as oral contraceptives or estrogen replacement was not demonstrated during the study. No significant differences were found in reproductive history between different degrees of carotid stenosis. Conclusions Multiparity is associated with increased carotid occlusive disease. This finding suggests that motherhood might behave as an atherosclerotic risk factor and should be considered when determining cardiovascular risk in women. The real role of estrogen in carotid occlusive disease still needs to be studied. © 2014 SEACV. Published by Elsevier España, S.L. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Predictors of increasing BMI during the course of diabetes in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes: Data from the German/Austrian DPV multicentre survey; Objective: Increased weight gain has been reported prior to disease onset (accelerator hypothesis) and as a side effect of intensified insulin therapy in type 1 diabetes (T1D). Paediatric studies are complicated by the age-dependency and gender-dependency of BMI, and also by a trend towards obesity in the general population. The aim of this study was to evaluate factors related to the increase in BMI during the course of diabetes in children and adolescents with T1D in a large multicentre survey. Design: Within the DPV database (Diabetespatienten Verlaufsdokumentation) a standardised, prospective, computer-based documentation programme, data of 53 108 patients with T1D, aged <20 years, were recorded in 248 centres. 12 774 patients (53% male, mean age 13.4±3.9, mean diabetes duration 4.7±3.0 years and mean age at diabetes onset 8.7±4.0 years) were included in this analysis. Population-based German reference data were used to calculate BMI-SDS and define overweight and obesity. Results: 12.5% of T1D patients were overweight and 2.8% were obese. Multiple longitudinal regression analysis revealed that female gender, low BMI at diabetes onset, intensified insulin therapy and higher insulin dose, as well as pubertal diabetes onset, long diabetes duration and onset in earlier calendar years among girls, were related to higher BMI-SDS increase during the course of diabetes (p<0.01; all). Conclusions: Intensified insulin regimen is associated with weight gain during T1D treatment, in addition to demographic variables. Optimisation of diabetes management, especially in females, might limit weight gain in order to reduce overweight and obesity together with comorbidities among paediatric T1D patients. ER  - 
High normal post-load plasma glucose, cardiometabolic risk factors and signs of organ damage in obese children; Objective To evaluate normoglycemic overweight/obese (Ow/Ob) children whose post-load plasma glucose (2hPG) cut-point may be significantly associated with cardiometabolic risk factors (CMRFs) and whether this cut-point predicts preclinical signs of organ damage. Methods One thousand seven hundred and thrity four normoglycemic Ow/Ob children were stratified into quintiles of 2hPG, the sixth group was constituted by 101 children with impaired glucose tolerance (IGT). Results Moving from the lower quintiles of 2hPG to IGT, the groups differed for Prepubertal stage, BMI, fasting PG, insulin levels, blood pressure, and lipids. To evaluate the best cut-off of 2hPG related to CMRFs, the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve and the Youden's index was calculated. Insulin resistance, high blood pressure, and high triglyceride/HDL-C ratio were associated with a 2hPG cut-off of 110 mg/dl. Children with 2hPG ≥110 mg/dl showed 1.3-3.2 fold higher risk to have high levels of ALT (as surrogate of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease) or increased carotid intima-media thickness. Conclusions This study, performed in a large cohort of Ow/Ob children, shows that an atherogenic risk profile and preclinical signs of organ damage are associated with post-challenge elevations in plasma glucose still considered in the high normal range. Copyright © 2014 The Obesity Society. ER  - 
Puberty and the manifestations of loss of control eating in children and adolescents; Objective We investigated the manifestations of pediatric loss of control (LOC) eating at different stages of pubertal development. Method Participants were a nonclinical sample of 468 youth (8-17 years). Physical examination determined pubertal stage. LOC eating and disordered eating attitudes were assessed with the Eating Disorder Examination. In a randomized crossover design, a subset (n = 244) ate ad libitum from two test meals designed to capture normal and LOC eating. Results There were no differences in the prevalence rates or frequency of reported LOC eating episodes across pubertal stages (ps ≥ 0.50). There were, however, puberty by LOC eating interactions in disordered eating attitudes and palatable food consumption (ps ≤ .05), even after adjusting for age and body composition. LOC eating was associated with elevated global disordered eating attitudes, weight concern, and shape concern in post-pubertal youth (ps ≤.001), but not pre-pubertal youth (ps ≥ .49). In late-puberty, youth with LOC eating consumed less energy from protein (p < .001) and more from carbohydrate (p = .003) and snack-type foods (p = .02) than those without LOC eating, whereas endorsement of LOC eating in pre- or early-to-mid-puberty was not associated with differences in eating behavior (ps ≥ 0.20). Conclusions Findings suggest that puberty may be a critical risk period, when LOC eating behaviors in boys and girls may become accompanied by greater weight and shape concerns and more obesogenic food consumption patterns. Interventions for LOC eating during pre-puberty should be evaluated to determine if they are particularly beneficial for the prevention of exacerbated eating disorder psychopathology and adverse weight outcomes. ER  - 
Low birthweight and elevated levels of lipoprotein(a) in prepubertal children; Aim: To evaluate whether healthy prepubertal children with low birthweight (LBW) exhibited higher serum levels of lipoprotein(a) (Lp(a)) than did those with normal birthweight (NBW). Methods: A total of 350 healthy children aged 6 to 9 years and in Tanner stage 1 were enrolled in a community-based cross-sectional study. Family history of hypertension, diabetes or cardiovascular disease (CVD) in parents and grandparents; active smoking; a diagnosis of acute or chronic illness; and intake of vitamins or nutritional supplements were exclusion criteria. The cut-off point for Lp(a) was 0.79 μmol/L. Results: LBW was identified in 51 (14.6%) children. In total, 42 (12.0%) children had elevated Lp(a) levels, with 25 (49.0%) and 17 (5.7%) in the LBW and NBW groups, respectively (P < 0.0005). None of the children had adverse cardiovascular outcomes. Average body mass index (BMI) (17.1 ± 3.3 and 18.8 ± 3.9, P = 0.001), glucose levels (4.5 ± 0.5 and 4.8 ± 0.4 mmol/L, P = 0.007), insulin levels (67.4 ± 45.1 and 86.1 ± 54.9 pmol/L, P = 0.02), and Lp(a) levels (0.52 ± 0.21 and 1.40 ± 0.49 μmol/L, P < 0.0005) were higher in the children with LBW than in the children with NBW. A multivariate analysis adjusted by age, sex, raw BMI, BMI standard deviation score and insulin level showed a significant association between LBW and elevated levels of Lp(a) (odds ratio 8.02, 95% confidence interval 7.3-21.3; P < 0.0005). Conclusions: LBW was shown to be strongly associated with elevated serum levels of Lp(a). © 2014 Paediatrics and Child Health Division (Royal Australasian College of Physicians). ER  - 
Temple syndrome: Improving the recognition of an underdiagnosed chromosome 14 imprinting disorder: An analysis of 51 published cases; Chromosome 14 harbours an imprinted locus at 14q32. Maternal uniparental disomy of chromosome 14, paternal deletions and loss of methylation at the intergenic differentially methylated region (IG-DMR) result in a human phenotype of low birth weight, hypotonia, early puberty and markedly short adult stature. The analysis of the world literature of 51 cases identifies the key features that will enhance diagnosis and potentially improve treatment. We found a median birth weight SD score (SDS) of -1.88 and median adult final height of -2.04 SDS. Hypotonia and motor delay were reported in 93% and 83% of cases, respectively. Early puberty was reported in 86% of cases with the mean age of menarche at 10 years and 2 months of age. Small hands and feet were reported frequently (87% and 96%, respectively). Premature birth was common (30%) and feeding difficulties frequently reported (n = 22). There was evidence of mildly reduced intellectual ability (measured IQ 75-95). Obesity was reported in 49% of cases, and three patients developed type 2 diabetes mellitus. Two patients were reported to have recurrent hypoglycaemia, and one of these patients was subsequently demonstrated to be growth hormone deficient and started replacement therapy. We propose the use of the name 'Temple syndrome' for this condition and suggest that improved diagnosis and longterm monitoring, especially of growth and cardiovascular risk factors, is required. ER  - 
Insulin resistance in obese children and adolescents; Objective To evaluate the presence of insulin resistance and its association with other metabolic abnormalities in obese children and adolescents Methods Retrospective study of 220 children and adolescents aged 5-14 years. Anthropometric measurements were performed (weight, height, and waist circumference) and clinical (gender, age, pubertal stage, and degree of obesity) and biochemical (glucose, insulin, total cholesterol, and fractions, triglycerides) data were analyzed. Insulin resistance was identified by the homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) index. The analysis of the differences between the variables of interest and the HOMA-IR quartiles was performed by ANOVA or Kruskal-Wallis tests. Results Insulin resistance was diagnosed in 33.20% of the sample. It was associated with low levels of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C; p = 0.044), waist circumference measurement (p = 0.030), and the set of clinical and metabolic (p = 0.000) alterations. Insulin-resistant individuals had higher mean age (p = 0.000), body mass index (BMI; p = 0.000), abdominal circumference (p = 0.000), median triglycerides (p = 0.001), total cholesterol (p > 0.042), and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C; p >; 0.027); and lower HDL-C levels (p = 0.005). There was an increase in mean BMI (p = 0.000), abdominal circumference (p = 0.000), and median triglycerides (p = 0.002) as the values of HOMA -IR increased, with the exception of HDL-C, which decreased (p = 0.001). Those with the highest number of simultaneous alterations were between the second and third quartiles of the HOMA-IR index (p = 0.000) -absp. Conclusion The results confirmed that insulin resistance is present in many obese children and adolescents, and that this condition is associated with alterations that represent an increased risk for developing metabolic disorders in adulthood. ER  - 
Endocrine effects of valproic acid therapy in girls with epilepsy: A prospective study; Background/aim It is controversial whether the endocrine dysfunction in epilepsy patients is caused by the epilepsy itself, the antiepileptic therapy, or both. We prospectively evaluated the long-term impact of valproic acid monotherapy compared to other anti-epileptic drugs on anthropometric, metabolic, hormonal, and ultrasonographic parameters in girls with epilepsy. Methods Fifty-seven female patients with epilepsy who had started therapy at mean age of 11.5 ± 3.3 years, 42 with valproic acid (mean dose 13.1 ± 7.0 mg/kg/day and 15 with other anti-epileptic agents were followed for a mean of 3.2 years (range 1.0-8.5 years) in our center. Clinical, hormonal and transabdominal pelvic ultrasound data were collected at 3 time points: before and 6-12 months after onset of anti-epileptic drug treatment; and at the last visit while patients were still taking anti-epileptic drugs. Results There were no significant between-group differences regarding changes in height, body mass index standard deviation score, levels of glucose and insulin, or lipid and endocrine profile from first to last visits. Mean thyroid-stimulating hormone level increased significantly between first and last visit only in the valproic acid group (p < 0.001), with no significant difference in free T4 level over time or between groups. The rate of clinical polycystic ovary syndrome for the valproic acid group (11%) was comparable to that reported in healthy controls (5-10%). Conclusions Administration of valproic acid had no adverse effect on body weight, metabolic status or endocrine function over an average follow-up of 3.2 years. Valproic acid appears to be safe for use in girls with epilepsy. ER  - 
Tracking of metabolic control from childhood to young adulthood in type 1 diabetes; Objective This prospective longitudinal survey was designed to follow patients with diabetes from disease onset in childhood over an extended period of time including puberty until young adulthood with respect to metabolic control. Study design An electronic diabetes patient documentation system used in diabetes centers in Austria and Germany was utilized for standardized data collection. Complete documentation of metabolic control for prepuberty (≤13 years), puberty (14-19 years), and adulthood (≥20 years) was available in 1146 patients. Results Median age at diabetes manifestation was 7.2 (IQR 4.7-9.4) years; 49% were male. In the prepubertal stage, median glycated hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) was 7.5 (IQR 6.8-8.3), during puberty 8.0 (IQR 7.3-8.9), and after puberty 7.8 (IQR 7.1-9.0). A significant intra-individual correlation was found for prepuberty to puberty HbA1c levels (R = 0.55, P <.001), puberty to adulthood (R = 0.59, P <.001), as well as prepuberty to adulthood (R = 0.30, P <.001). When patients were divided into tertiles of prepubertal HbA1c, HbA1c increased in all 3 groups over time, however, significant group differences tracked into adulthood (P <.001 at all stages). A regression model identified pre-pubertal HbA1c as a significant and relevant predictor of metabolic control in young adulthood adjusted for confounders (P <.001). Conclusions This survey provides evidence for long-term tracking of metabolic control from childhood until adulthood, suggesting an early focus on metabolic control. ER  - 
Is There any consequence of Ramadan fasting on acute cerebral stroke?; Background: According to Islam’s pillars, all healthy post-puberty Muslims must fast Ramadan from dawn to nightfall. The fasting hours differ according to the season and geographical site. Throughout fasting, Muslims quit from taking anything orally even medications. It was presumed that fasting alter body composition and fluid balance that may herald risky patients to stroke. Objective: To report whether fasting during Ramadan with changing in daily habits and activities has any effect on stroke frequency, type and outcome. Methods: This prospective hospital based study over three consecutive years was completed in Egypt delta province for cerebral stroke patients who were admitted to neurology department, Mansoura University hospitals, one month before (BR), during (DR), and after (AR) Ramadan over three Hijri years. The enrolled patients were classified into two groups: fasting and non-fasting BR, DR or AR. Each patient was subjected to history taking, neurological examination and NIHSS. Laboratory investigations including radiology were done for all patients on admission. Results: A total of 1062 patients were enrolled over three consecutive Hijri years. DR, Most of ischemic stroke onset was around noon (9 am to 4 pm). All patient’s characteristics and laboratory investigations demonstrated no statistical significant differences apart from high mortality rate, hematocrit, and hyperlipidemia among fasting persons. Conclusion: The results indicated that the pattern of fasting DR did not increase the stroke frequency. There was time switch of stroke presentation because of the circadian rhythm changes associated with Ramadan fasting. ER  - 
Evaluation of lipid and glucose metabolism and cortisol and thyroid hormone levels in obese appropriate for gestational age (AGA) born and non-obese small for gestational age (SGA) born prepubertal Slovak children; Results: In every group, high prevalence of positive family history of metabolic disorder was found. In comparison with AGA children, OB children were taller (p < 0.01) with higher body mass index (BMI) (p < 0.001), and had increased insulin levels and homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) (p < 0.001), decreased highdensity lipoprotein (HDL) (p < 0.001), and a trend to higher cortisol levels (p = 0.069) was noted. SGA-born children were shorter (p < 0.001), with BMI comparable to the AGA group. They had higher glucose levels (p < 0.001), a trend to decreased HDL levels (p = 0.085) and increased fT4 levels (p < 0.001). A three-fold higher occurrence of metabolic abnormalities was present in obese children and twice more metabolic abnormalities were present in SGA-born children in comparison with AGA-born children. Aim: Obesity is the major determinant of metabolic syndrome. Being born small for gestational age (SGA) may be co-responsible. We aimed at evaluating the association between 1. obesity and 2. being born SGA and the presence of endocrine-metabolic abnormalities in prepubertal Slovak children. Methods: The study included 98 children, aged 3-10.9 years: 36 AGA-born obese children (OB), 31 SGA-born children (SGA) and 31 appropriate for gestational age born non-obese children (AGA). Fasting serum levels of glucose, total cholesterol, LDL, HDL, triglycerides, fT4, TSH, cortisol and insulin were determined. HOMA-IR was calculated. Personal data about birth weight and length and family history were collected. Actual anthropometric measurement was done. Conclusions: SGA-born children are more prone to developing endocrine-metabolic abnormalities than non-obese children born AGA, but they are at less risk than obese AGA-born children. We should provide specialized care for obese children already in prepubertal age and pay attention to SGA-born children. ER  - 
Influence of hormonal parameters, bone mineral density and bone turnover on fracture risk in healthy male adolescents: A case control study; Objective: The aim of this study was to assess possible associations between potential risk factors for fractures and their occurrence in otherwise healthy Greek male adolescents. Subjects: A total of 63 male adolescents participated in the study, 21 males with a history of at least one fracture and 42 healthy male controls. Methods: Each participant was assessed for physical and pubertal status, hormonal profile, bone mineral density, bone turnover indices, and dietary habits. Results: The lower bone mineral density-z scores and increasing testosterone and serum collagen type 1 crosslinked C-telopeptide levels were related to fracture risk, whereas increased insulin-like growth factor-1, soluble receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa-B (factor-êB) ligand, and soluble receptor activator of nuclear factors-êB ligand/osteoprotegerin levels were protective for fractures. Conclusions: The findings indicate a potential 'added value' of hormonal parameters and bone markers to bone mineral density for evaluating fracture risk in healthy male adolescents. ER  - 
Fasting and postprandial levels of a novel anorexigenic peptide nesfatin in childhood obesity; Background: Nesfatin-1, a recently discovered anorexigenic peptide, is expressed in several tissues, including pancreatic islet cells and central nervous system. However, its pathophysiological role in the development of obesity and insulin resistance remains unknown. Aim: To investigate the possible involvement of nesfatin-1 in the pathogenesis of childhood obesity, we examined the relationship between fasting and postprandial nesfatin- 1 concentrations and metabolic/antropometric parameters in obese children. Material and methods: The study included obese children with a body mass index > 95th percentile. Fasting serum glucose, insulin, lipid profile, fasting and postprandial (120th min) nesfatin-1 levels were measured to evaluate the metabolic parameters. Different cutoff values for prepubertal and pubertal stages were used to determine the status of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) (prepubertal > 2.5, pubertal > 4). The percentage of body fat was measured using bioelectric impedance analysis. Conclusions: In this study, there was no significant increase in the postprandial level of nesfatin-1. This observation suggested that oral glucose load in obese children may not be sufficient for nesfatin-1 response and that nesfatin- 1 may not have an effect as a short-term regulator of food intake. Results: Seventy-one obese children were included in this study. There was no statistically significant difference between fasting and postprandial nesfatin-1 levels in obese subjects (0.70 ± 0.15 and 0.69 ± 0.14 ng/mL, p > 0.05, respectively). Insulin resistance was observed in 58% (41/71) of the cases. There was no significant difference in either fasting or postprandial serum nesfatin-1 levels between the insulin-resistant and non-resistant groups (p > 0.05). There was no correlation between fasting and postprandial serum nesfatin-1 levels and anthropometric and metabolic parameters in insulin-resistant and nonresistant groups. ER  - 
A randomised controlled trial evaluating IGF1 titration in contrast to current GH dosing strategies in children born small for gestational age: The North European Small-for-Gestational-Age Study; Background: Short children born small for gestational age (SGA) are treated with a GH dose based on body size, but treatment may lead to high levels of IGF1. The objective was to evaluate IGF1 titration of GH dose in contrast to current dosing strategies. Methods: In the North European Small-for-Gestational-Age Study (NESGAS), 92 short pre-pubertal children born SGA were randomised after 1 year of high-dose GH treatment (67 mg/kg per day) to three different regimens: high dose (67 mg/kg per day), low dose (35 mg/kg per day) or IGF1 titration. Results: The average dose during the second year of the randomised trial did not differ between the IGF1 titration group (38 mg/kg per day, S.D. 0.019) and the low-dose group (35 mg/kg per day, S.D. 0.002; PZ0.46), but there was a wide variation in the IGF1 titration group (range 10-80 mg/kg per day). The IGF1 titration group had significantly lower height gain (0.17 SDS, S.D. 0.18) during the second year of the randomised trial compared with the high-dose group (0.46 SDS, S.D. 0.25), but not significantly lower than the low-dose group (0.23 SDS, S.D. 0.15; PZ0.17). The IGF1 titration group had lower IGF1 levels after 2 years of the trial (mean 1.16, S.D. 1.24) compared with both the low-dose (mean 1.76, S.D. 1.48) and the high-dose (mean 2.97, S.D. 1.63) groups. Conclusion: IGF1 titration of GH dose in SGA children proved less effective than current dosing strategies. IGF1 titration resulted in physiological IGF1 levels with a wide range of GH dose and a poorer growth response, which indicates the role of IGF1 resistance and highlights the heterogeneity of short SGA children. ER  - 
Changes over time in sex assignment for disorders of sex development; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: It is unclear whether the proportion of infants with a disorder of sex development who are raised as male or female has changed over time. The temporal trends in sex assignment of affected cases entered in the International Disorder of Sex Development (I-DSD) Registry were studied. METHODS: Cases of disorders of sex development reported as partial androgen insensitivity syndrome (PAIS; n = 118), disorder of gonadal development (DGD; n = 232), and disorder of androgen synthesis (DAS; n = 104) were divided into those who were born before 1990, 1990-1999, and after 1999. External appearance of the genitalia was described by the external masculinization score. RESULTS: The median (5th-95th percentile) external masculinization scores of those infants with PAIS, DGD, and DAS who were raised as boys were 6 (2-9), 6 (3-9), and 6 (1-12), respectively, and were significantly higher than in those raised as girls (2 [0-6], 2 [0-7], and 0 [0-5], respectively); this difference was maintained in the 3 temporal birth cohorts (P < .01). Of the 118 cases in the pre-1990 cohort, 41 (35%) were raised as boys; of the 148 cases in the 1990-1999 cohort, 60 (41%) were raised as boys; and of the 188 cases in the post-1999 cohort, 128 (68%) were raised as boys. CONCLUSIONS: Although there is an association between the external appearance of the genitalia and the choice of sex assignment, there are clear temporal trends in this practice pointing toward an increased likelihood of affected infants being raised as boys. The impact of this change in practice on long-term health outcomes requires additional focus. ER  - 
Exome sequencing reveals SYCE1 mutation associated with autosomal recessive primary ovarian insufficiency; Context: Primary ovarian insufficiency (POI) is caused by ovarian follicle depletion or follicle dysfunction. The phenotypic spectrum ranges from absence of pubertal maturation to early menopause. Genes involved in essential steps in chromosome synapsis and recombination during meiosis, such as synaptonemal complex central element 1(SYCE1), have been shown to cause POI in animal models. We describe for the first time a homozygous mutation in SYCE1 in humans. Objective: To identify the genetic cause of POI in an Israeli Arab family with a consanguineous pedigree. Setting and Design: A family-based genetic study conducted at a tertiary medical center. Patients: Two daughters of consanguineous parents (first cousins) from a 13-member family were diagnosed with POI. Genotyping was performed in the index patients, their parents, and four unaffected siblings. Intervention: DNA from the affected sisters was subjected to whole-exome sequencing. The genotypes of interest were confirmed and genotypes of the additional family members were determined by Sanger sequencing. Genotyping was also performed in 90 ethnically matched control individuals. Results: A nonsense homozygous mutation (c.613C>T) was identified in the SYCE1 gene in both affected sisters. The parents and three brothers were heterozygous for the mutation, and an unaffected sister did not carry the mutation. The mutation was not identified in the DNA samples from the 90 control subjects. Conclusions: Given the known function of the SYCE1 gene, wesuggestthatthe nonsense mutation identified accounts for the POI phenotype. These results highlight the importance of the synaptonemal complex and meiosis in ovarian function. ER  - 
Socio-Demographic and other risk factors of pre eclampsia at a tertiary care hospital, Karnataka: Case control study; Results: Study subjects included 100 cases and 200 controls. Age of less than 20 y (OR=3.8), monthly income of less than Rs4000 (OR=6.8), age of menarche of less than 12 y (OR=13.1), family h/o pre eclampsia (OR=36.0), family h/o Diabetes (OR=44.9), family h/o hypertension (OR=16.7) and previous h/o PIH (OR=58.5) are found to be significant risk factors of pre eclampsia. Conclusion: The significant risk factors may be used for screening Pre eclampsia during registration of pregnancy. Background: Pre-eclampsia is one of the leading causes of maternal and infant morbidity and mortality worldwide. The aetiopathogenesis of this condition involves combination of genetic predisposition and environmental factors. The aim of the study was to determine the socio demographic and other risk factors of pre-eclampsia. Methodology: A case control study was conducted at a tertiary care hospital, Karnataka among 100 cases of pre-eclampsia and 200 controls without pre eclampsia. Non probability purposive sampling technique was adopted to select the study subjects. Data was collected by using a pre tested semi structured questionnaire which included information related to socio-demographic and other known risk factors of pre eclampsia. Primary data was collected by interviewing study subjects and Secondary data of cases was obtained from case records. Data was analysed using SPSS. ER  - 
Efficacy and safety of growth hormone treatment in children with hypochondroplasia: Comparison with an historical cohort; Background/Aims: Hypochondroplasia (HCH) is a skeletal dysplasia characterized by disproportionate short stature. The aims of the study are to evaluate efficacy and safety of recombinant human growth hormone (r-hGH) therapy in HCH children, when compared with a historical cohort of untreated HCH children. Methods: Nineteen HCH patients with an initial height standard deviation score (SDS) ≤-2 and a mean age of 9.3 ± 3.1 years were treated with a mean r-hGH dose of 0.053 mg/kg/day over 3 years. Growth charts were derived from the historical cohort (n = 40). Results: Height gain in the treated population was +0.62 ± 0.81 SDS greater than in the general population, and +1.39 ± 0.9 SDS greater than in the historical untreated HCH cohort (mean gain of 7.4 ± 6.6 cm gain). A negative correlation between height gain and age at treatment initiation was reported (p = 0.04). There was no significant difference in response between patients with fibroblast growth factor receptor 3 mutations and those without. No treatment-related serious adverse events were reported. Conclusions: r-hGH treatment is well tolerated and effective in improving growth in HCH patients, particularly when started early. The treatment effect varies greatly and must be evaluated for each patient during treatment to determine the value of continued therapy. ER  - 
Prevalence of retinopathy in patients with type 1 diabetes diagnosed before and after puberty; Aims: There is conflicting evidence to support the concept that the years with diabetes preceding puberty may not contribute to the development of vascular complications. In this paper, duration-related prevalence of retinopathy was compared in patients who developed type 1 diabetes before and after pubertal age. Methods: Retrospective analysis of prospectively collected data of 1,483 patients was screened for retinopathy in 1991–2010, with diabetes onset at age ≤29, who were on insulin treatment and aged ≤60. Prepubertal age was defined as 0–12 in males and 0–11 in females. Results: A total of 647 patients had developed diabetes before and 836 after puberty. Cumulative prevalence of retinopathy was initially lower among those with prepubertal onset diabetes but rates became superimposable after 20-year duration. Patients with prepubertal onset diabetes had higher lifetime HbA1c and lower blood pressure than those who became diabetic after puberty. Conclusions/interpretation: Retinopathy is infrequent during childhood and develops later than in patients with post-pubertal onset diabetes. After 20-year duration, however, retinopathy becomes just as prevalent suggesting that, in the long term, prepubertal years do contribute to the development of retinopathy. In this series, higher blood pressure may have played a role in the earlier appearance of retinopathy in patients with diabetes onset after puberty, whereas worse metabolic control may have contributed to the late “catch-up” effect in those with prepubertal onset disease. ER  - 
Obesity risk factors in a representative group of Polish prepubertal children; Introduction: The study aim was to evaluate risk factors of obesity in Polish children aged 7 to 9 years. Material and methods: A representative group of 2571 children (1268 girls and 1303 boys) was randomly selected according to the European Childhood Obesity Group protocol. Weight and height were measured and body mass index (BMI) was calculated. A questionnaire was completed by the children's parents with respect to behavioural and family-related risk factors of obesity. International Obesity Task Force criteria were used for classification of children's obesity. Results: Obesity was found in 3.7% of girls and 3.6% of boys. There was a statistically significant association between the prevalence of obesity in girls and their mother's obesity: OR = 5.06 (1.96-13.05), p < 0.001, father's obesity: OR = 5.19 (1.96-13.69), p < 0.001, and both parents' obesity: OR = 5.43 (1.39-21.29), p = 0.01. Obesity in boys was significantly associated with mother's obesity: OR = 5.6 (2.6-12.02), p < 0.001, father's obesity: OR = 6.21 (2.89-13.37), p < 0.001, and both parents' obesity: OR = 7.22 (2.44-31.33), p < 0.001. Skipping or irregular eating of breakfast was a risk factor for obesity in girls with OR = 2.71 (1.33-5.51), p = 0.005. Neither family income nor parents' education level was related to their offspring's obesity. TV watching, physical activity level and eating in fast food places were not significant risk factors for obesity. Conclusions: Eating breakfast regularly seems to protect girls from obesity development while low physical activity is not a significant obesity risk factor in this age group for either boys or girls. This finding stresses the more important role of healthy diet than physical activity promotion in obesity prevention in prepubertal children. ER  - 
Socio-economic position and cardiovascular risk in rural indian adolescents: Evidence from the Andhra Pradesh children and parents study (APCAPS); Objectives: This study examined association between socio-economic position and cardiovascular risk factors in adolescents to investigate whether childhood socio-economic position is a risk factor for future cardiovascular disease, independently of adult behaviours. Study design and methods: Participants (n=1128, 46% girls, aged 13-18 years) were members of a birth cohort (Andhra Pradesh Children and Parents Study or APCAPS) established to investigate long-term effects of a pregnancy and childhood nutritional supplementation trial conducted in 29 villages near Hyderabad in South India. Cross-sectional associations between socio-economic position and cardiovascular risk factors were examined using linear regression models. Results: The mean BMI was 16.7kg/m2 for boys and 17.8kg/m2 for girls. Socio-economic position was positively associated with fat mass index (0.15kg/m2; 95% CI: 0.05-0.25) and inversely associated with central-peripheral skinfold ratio (-0.04; 95% CI: -0.06 to -0.01) and, in boys, fasting triglycerides (-0.05; 95% CI: -0.09 to -0.01). Association of socio-economic position with other risk factors (blood pressure, arterial stiffness, fasting glucose, insulin and cholesterol) was weak and inconsistent, and did not persist after adjustment for potential confounders, including age, sex, pubertal stage, height, adiposity and nutrition supplementation. Conclusions: The study thus showed that lower socio-economic position may be associated with greater central adiposity and higher triglyceride levels in these settings. Socio-economic gradient in cardiovascular risk may strengthen in future with later economic and lifestyle changes. Cardiovascular disease prevention strategies should therefore focus on the youth from the low income group. ER  - 
Water and electrolyte disorders at long-term post-treatment follow-up in paediatric patients with suprasellar tumours include unexpected persistent cerebral salt-wasting syndrome; Background: Patients with brain tumours have a high risk of water and electrolyte disorders (WED). Postsurgery diabetes insipidus (DI) may be transient or permanent, the syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion (SIADH) and cerebral salt-wasting syndrome (CSWS) are usually transient. Methods: Retrospective study, including patients with suprasellar tumours, treated at Hôpital Necker, Institut Gustave-Roussy or Institut Curie, in Île-de-France, between 2007 and 2011. WED were noted if they persisted >1 month after surgery. Results: 159 patients were included, 54.1% girls, 43.9% boys. Tumour types were: glioma (43.4%), craniopharyngioma (43.4%), germinoma (11.3%), others (1.9%). Age at diagnosis was 7.1 ± 4.6 years. The median time from end of treatment was 1.9 (0-7.8) years. DI was the most frequent disorder after tumour treatment (50.3%) and was significantly associated with surgery (p < 0.001). Persistent CSWS was present in 3.6%, persistent SIADH in 1.3%. Two cases of hypernatraemia were due to adipsia. Thyrotropin deficiency after treatment was noted in 68.9% of patients tested, adrenocorticotropin deficiency in 66.2%. Conclusions: Patients with suprasellar tumours have a high incidence of long-term WED, mainly DI. Assessment of thyrotroph and corticotroph function, and thirst sensation, is necessary to diagnose and manage these disorders correctly. CSWS may be persistent in few patients and requires special attention to prescribe the appropriate care. ER  - 
Effects of aerobic training, resistance training, or both on percentage body fat and cardiometabolic risk markers in obese adolescents: The healthy eating aerobic and resistance training in youth randomized clinical trial; IMPORTANCE: Little evidence exists on which exercise modality is optimal for obese adolescents. OBJECTIVE: To determine the effects of aerobic training, resistance training, and combined training on percentage body fat in overweight and obese adolescents. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: Randomized, parallel-group clinical trial at community-based exercise facilities in Ottawa (Ontario) and Gatineau (Quebec), Canada, among previously inactive postpubertal adolescents aged 14 to 18 years (Tanner stage IV or V) with body mass index at or above the 95th percentile for age and sex or at or above the 85th percentile plus an additional diabetes mellitus or cardiovascular risk factor. INTERVENTIONS: After a 4-week run-in period, 304 participants were randomized to the following 4 groups for 22 weeks: aerobic training (n = 75), resistance training (n = 78), combined aerobic and resistance training (n = 75), or nonexercising control (n = 76). All participants received dietary counseling, with a daily energy deficit of 250 kcal. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: The primary outcomewas percentage body fat measured by magnetic resonance imaging at baseline and 6 months.We hypothesized that aerobic training and resistance training would each yield greater decreases than the control and that combined training would cause greater decreases than aerobic or resistance training alone. RESULTS: Decreases in percentage body fatwere -0.3 (95%CI, -0.9 to 0.3) in the control group, -1.1 (95%CI, -1.7 to -0.5) in the aerobic training group (P = .06 vs controls), and -1.6 (95%CI, -2.2 to -1.0) in the resistance training group (P = .002 vs controls). The -1.4 (95%CI, -2.0 to -0.8) decrease in the combined training group did not differ significantly from that in the aerobic or resistance training group.Waist circumference changeswere -0.2 (95%CI, -1.7 to 1.2) cm in the control group, -3.0 (95%CI, -4.4 to -1.6) cmin the aerobic group (P = .006 vs controls), -2.2 (95%CI -3.7 to -0.8) cm in the resistance training group (P = .048 vs controls), and -4.1 (95%CI, -5.5 to -2.7) cmin the combined training group. In per-protocol analyses (≥70%adherence), the combined training group had greater changes in percentage body fat (-2.4, 95%CI, -3.2 to -1.6) vs the aerobic group (-1.2; 95%CI, -2.0 to -0.5; P = .04 vs the combined group) but not the resistance group (-1.6; 95%CI, -2.5 to -0.8). CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: Aerobic, resistance, and combined training reduced total body fat and waist circumference in obese adolescents. In more adherent participants, combined trainingmay cause greater decreases than aerobic or resistance training alone. TRIAL REGISTRATION: clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT00195858. ER  - 
Dietary composition and its associations with insulin sensitivity and insulin secretion in youth; The objectives of the present study were to examine the associations between macronutrient intake and insulin sensitivity (IS) and insulin secretion (ISct), taking into consideration moderate-to-vigorous physical activity (MVPA), fitness and sedentary behaviour. Caucasian youth (n 630) aged 8-10 years at recruitment, with at least one obese biological parent, were studied (QUebec Adipose and Lifestyle InvesTigation in Youth cohort). IS was measured using the homeostasis model assessment (HOMA) of insulin resistance and Matsuda IS index. ISct was measured using HOMA2%-b, the ratio of the AUC of insulin:glucose over the first 30 min (AUC I/Gt=30 min) of the oral glucose tolerance test and AUC I/Gt=120 min over 2 h. Fitness was measured using VO2peak, percentage of fat mass by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry, and 7 d MVPA using accelerometry; screen time (ST) by average daily hours of self-reported television, video game or computer use. Dietary composition was measured using three non-consecutive dietary recalls. Non-parametric smoothing splines were used to model nonlinear associations; all models were adjusted for age, sex, season, pubertal stage, MVPA, fitness, ST and adiposity. The percentage of total daily energy from dietary protein, fat, saturated fat and carbohydrate and the consumption of dietary vitamin D, sugar-sweetened beverages, fibre and portions of fruits and vegetables were taken into consideration. No dietary component was associated with any measure of IS after adjusting for MVPA, fitness, ST and adiposity. For every 1% increase in daily protein intake (%), AUC I/Gt=30 min decreased by 1·1% (P=0·033). Otherwise, dietary composition was not associated with ISct. While long-term excess of energy intake has been shown to lead to overweight and obesity, dietary macronutrient composition is not independently correlated with IS or ISct in youth. ER  - 
The trajectory of IGF-1 across age and duration of type 1 diabetes; Background: Individuals with type 1 diabetes may have low IGF-1, related to insulinopenia and insulin resistance. There are few longitudinal studies of IGF-1 levels to establish its pattern in type 1 diabetes with duration and age, and to examine whether IGF-1 tracks within individuals over time. We examine age and duration trends, and the relationship of IGF-1 to gender, glycaemic control, insulin level and other factors. Methods: Participants in the Wisconsin Diabetes Registry Study, an incident cohort study of type 1 diabetes diagnosed May 1987-April 1992, were followed for up to 18 years with IGF-1 samples up to age 45 for women and age 37 for men. Results: IGF-1 is lower with type 1 diabetes than in normative samples. Although, the pattern across age resembles that in normative samples with a peak in adolescence and slow decline after age 20, the adolescent peak is delayed for women with type 1 diabetes. There was low to moderate tracking of IGF-1 within an individual. Higher insulin dose was associated with higher IGF-1 as was puberty, and female gender. Adjusted for these factors, IGF-1 declined rapidly across early diabetes duration. Lower HbA1c was most strongly related to higher IGF-1 at Tanner stages 1 and 2. Conclusions: IGF-1 is low in type 1 diabetes, with a delayed adolescent peak in women and is especially influenced by glycaemic control in early and pre-adolescence. High variability within an individual is likely a challenge in investigating associations between IGF-1 and long-term outcomes, and may explain contradictory findings. ER  - 
Association between chlorinated pesticides in the serum of prepubertal russian boys and longitudinal biomarkers of metabolic function; Organochlorine pesticides (OCPs) have been linked to adult metabolic disorders; however, few studies have examined these associations in childhood. We prospectively evaluated the associations of baseline serum OCPs (hexachlorobenzene, β-hexachlorocyclohexane, and p,p′-dichlorodiphenyldichloroethylene) in Russian boys with subsequent repeated measurements of serum glucose, insulin, lipids, leptin, and calculated homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (IR). During 2003-2005, we enrolled 499 boys aged 8-9 years in a prospective cohort; 318 had baseline serum OCPs and serum biomarkers measured at ages 10-13 years. Multivariable generalized estimating equation and mediation regression models were used to examine associations and direct and indirect (via body mass index (BMI) (weight (kg)/height (m)2)) effects of prepubertal OCP tertiles and quintiles with biomarkers. In multivariable models, higher p,p′-dichlorodiphenyldichloroethylene (quintile 5 vs. quintile 1) was associated with lower leptin, with relative mean decreases of 61.8% (95% confidence interval: 48.4%, 71.7%) in models unadjusted for BMI and 22.2% (95% confidence interval: 7.1%, 34.9%) in models adjusted for BMI; the direct effect of p,p′-dichlorodiphenyldichloroethylene on leptin accounted for 27% of the total effect. IR prevalence was 6.6% at ages 12-13 years. Higher hexachlorobenzene (tertile 3 vs. tertile 1) was associated with higher odds of IR in models adjusted for BMI (odds ratio = 4.37, 95% confidence interval: 1.44, 13.28). These results suggest that childhood OCPs may be associated with IR and lower leptin. ER  - 
Menstrual and reproductive factors in the risk of differentiated thyroid carcinoma in young women in France: A population-based case-control study; The incidence of thyroid cancer has increased in eastern Europe since the Chernobyl nuclear power plant accident. Although the radioactive fallout was much less severe and the thyroid radiation dose was much lower in France, a case-control study was initiated in eastern France. The present study included 633 young women who were diagnosed with differentiated thyroid cancer before 35 years of age between 2002 and 2006 and matched with 677 controls. Face-to-face interviews were conducted from 2005 to 2010. Odds ratios were calculated using conditional logistic regressions and were reported in the total group and by histopathological type of cancer ("only papillary" and "excluding microcarcinomas"). The risk of thyroid cancer was higher in women who had a higher number of pregnancies, used a lactation suppressant, or had early menarche. Conversely, breastfeeding, oral contraceptive use, and late age at first pregnancy were associated with a lower risk of thyroid cancer. No association was observed between thyroid cancer and having irregular menstrual cycle, undergoing treatment for menstrual cycle regularity shortly after menarche, having a cessation of menstruation, use of another contraceptive, history of miscarriage or abortion for the first pregnancy, or having had gestational diabetes. This study confirms the role of hormonal and reproductive factors in thyroid cancer, and our results support the fact that exposure to estrogens increases thyroid cancer risk. ER  - 
The diagnosis of prediabetes in adolescents; Methods: In this prospective study, we recruited 85 obese patients from the Obesity Clinic at the University Children's Hospital and 17 normal weight controls. All patients were of Caucasian origin, 60 males/42 females, aged 7.4-18.3 years, with at least Tanner 2 stage of puberty. Results: Depending on criteria we used, insulin resistance was confirmed in 62-100% of obese patients, predominantly in the group with BMI SDS > 3. oGTT revealed isolated impaired fasting glucose (IFG) in 13.9%, impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) in 20.8% and combined IFG and IGT only in 2.8% of the obese patients. Patients in the prediabetes group were older (14±2.4 vs 12.8±2.5 p=0.04) and had higher glucose levels (p<0.001) during the whole oGTT compared to normal glucose tolerance (NGT) group. There was no difference between groups in respect to family history, BMI, lipids and fasting insulin. Insulinogenic index, WBISI and HOMA%B were significantly lower in the prediabetes group compared to the NGT group (p=0.07, 0.01 and 0.04 respectively). HbA1c level was measured in 58% of patients and was significantly higher in the prediabetes group (5.4±0.3 vs 5.7±0.4, p=0.002). Conclusion: Prediabetes occurrence was fairly high in our obese adolescents. Further studies should establish what would be the most appropriate screening test to diagnose these patients at risk for type 2 diabetes and initiate treatment without delay. Background: Prediabetes is characterized by isolated impaired fasting glucose (IFG), isolated impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), and combined IFG/IGT. This study aimed to establish the prevalence of prediabetes and examine possible contributory factors in a cohort of obese adolescents. ER  - 
Metabolic setup and risks in obese children; Background: In the past decades, the obesity epidemic in children of all ages has been an important research field for detecting the metabolic causes and consequences of obe- sity, the major focus being on insulin and adipocytokine lev- els. Metabolic work-up in obese children is recommended in the age group as young as 2-6 years. There is evidence that birth weight can be a factor causing obesity later in life accompanied by metabolic complications. Methods: Insulin, leptin, and adiponectin levels were ana- lyzed in 269 obese children and 60 controls, as well as 110 newborn children with different birth weight and different length of gestation, using standard methods. Results: In 53.6% of the obese children, complications of obesity such as diabetes mellitus, obesity, hyperlipidemia, heart attack or stroke were found in family members. The peak insulinemia on OGTT was significantly higher in the pubertal compared to the prepubertal group (110.5± 75.9 μU/mL versus 72.2±62.7 μU/mL) (p<0.005). Glucose intolerance was confirmed in 24%. The leptin level was significantly higher and the adiponectin level was lower in pubertal obese children compared to the prepubertal children and controls (p<0.05). In newborns the leptin and adiponectin levels were in correlation with anthropometric parameters: body weight (BW), body length (BL), BW/BL, BMI, and the pondered index (p<0.05). Conclusion: Obese children have high insulinemia in all ages, reaching its peak towards puberty. The leptin and adiponectin levels might be indicators of the metabolic syn- drome. Our findings in newborns might influence the nutritional approach in the future in order to prevent complications of obesity. ER  - 
Excessive refined carbohydrates and scarce micronutrients intakes increase inflammatory mediators and insulin resistance in prepubertal and pubertal obese children independently of obesity; Background. Low-grade inflammation is the link between obesity and insulin resistance. Because physiologic insulin resistance occurs at puberty, obese pubertal children are at higher risk for insulin resistance. Excessive diets in refined carbohydrates and saturated fats are risk factors for insulin resistance, but calcium, magnesium, vitamin-D, and the omega-3 fatty acids likely protect against inflammation and insulin resistance. Objective. To analyze interactions among dietary saturated fat, refined carbohydrates, calcium, magnesium, vitamin D, and omega-3 fatty acids on the risk of inflammation and insulin resistance in a sample of prepubertal and pubertal children. Methods. A sample of 229 children from Mexico City was analyzed in a cross-sectional design. Anthropometric measurements, 24 h recall questionnaires, and blood samples were obtained. Serum insulin, glucose, calcium, magnesium, 25-OHD3, C-reactive protein, leptin, adiponectin, and erythrocytes fatty acids were measured. Parametric and nonparametric statistics were used for analysis. Results. While mean macronutrients intake was excessive, micronutrients intake was deficient (P<0.01). Inflammation determinants were central obesity and magnesium-deficient diets. Determinants of insulin resistance were carbohydrates intake and circulating magnesium and adiponectin. Conclusions. Magnesium-deficient diets are determinants of inflammation, while high intake of refined carbohydrates is a risk factor for insulin resistance, independently of central adiposity. ER  - 
Vitamin D insufficiency and insulin resistance in obese adolescents; Obese adolescents represent a particularly vulnerable group for vitamin D deficiency which appears to have negative consequences on insulin resistance and glucose homeostasis. Poor vitamin D status is also associated with future risk of type 2 diabetes and metabolic syndrome in the obese. The biological mechanisms by which vitamin D influences glycemic control in obesity are not well understood, but are thought to involve enhancement of peripheral/hepatic uptake of glucose, attenuation of inflammation and/or regulation of insulin synthesis/secretion by pancreatic β cells. Related to the latter, recent data suggest that the active form of vitamin, 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D, does not impact insulin release in healthy pancreatic islets; instead they require an environmental stressor such as inflammation or vitamin D deficiency to see an effect. To date, a number of observational studies exploring the relationship between the vitamin D status of obese adolescents and markers of glucose homeostasis have been published. Most, although not all, show significant associations between circulating 25-hydroxyvitamn D concentrations and insulin sensitivity/resistance indices. In interpreting the collective findings of these reports, significant considerations surface including the effects of pubertal status, vitamin D status, influence of parathyroid hormone status and the presence of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. The few published clinical trials using vitamin D supplementation to improve insulin resistance and impaired glucose tolerance in obese adolescents have yielded beneficial effects. However, there is a need for more randomized controlled trials. Future investigations should involve larger sample sizes of obese adolescents with documented vitamin D deficiency, and careful selection of the dose, dosing regimen and achievement of target 25-hydroxyvitamn D serum concentrations. These trials should also include clamp-derived measures of in vivo sensitivity and β-cell function to more fully characterize the effects of vitamin D replenishment on insulin resistance. ER  - 
One-Year Data from a Long-Term Phase IV Study of Recombinant Human Growth Hormone in Short Children Born Small for Gestational Age; Background: This prospective, open-label, non-comparative, multicentre, long-term phase IV study is examining the efficacy and safety of somatropin [recombinant human growth hormone (rhGH)] in short children born small for gestational age (SGA) and its impact on the incidence of diabetes. This report is the first interim analysis of patients who have completed 1 year of treatment. Methods: A total of 278 pre-pubertal patients were enrolled. Key eligibility criteria included height standard deviation score (HSDS) <−2.5; parental adjusted SDS <−1; birth weight and/or length <−2 SD and failure to show catch-up growth by ≥4 years of age. Patients were treated with rhGH 0.035 mg/kg/day. The primary objective was to evaluate the long-term effect of rhGH on carbohydrate metabolism [including fasting glucose, stimulated glucose (2-h oral glucose tolerance test, OGTT) and glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c)]. Secondary objectives included evaluation of height parameters [body height, HSDS, height velocity (HV), HVSDS]; insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-I) and insulin-like growth factor-binding protein 3 (IGFBP-3) serum levels during treatment; and incidence and severity of adverse events (AEs). Results: None of the children developed diabetes mellitus within the first year of treatment. Mean levels of fasting glucose, HbA1c and 2-h OGTT values remained stable during the study period. Treatment with rhGH was effective, as documented by all height parameters. Mean HSDS improved from −3.39 at baseline to −2.57 at Year 1. Mean HV increased markedly from 4.25 cm/year at baseline to 8.99 cm/year during the first year. Similarly, mean peak-centred HVSDS increased from −2.13 at baseline to +4.16 at Year 1. Mean IGF-I SDS and IGFBP-3 SDS also increased within the first year (by +1.80 and +0.41, respectively). 13 patients (4.7%) did not respond adequately to treatment (HVSDS <1); they were withdrawn from the study. In total, 192 children (69.3%) experienced treatment-emergent AEs; most (98.7%) were mild-to-moderate, and the majority (96.5%) were unrelated to study treatment. Conclusion: This interim analysis shows that short children born SGA can be effectively and safely treated with rhGH and that rhGH treatment has no major impact on carbohydrate metabolism after the first year of treatment. ER  - 
Routine screening by brain magnetic resonance imaging is not indicated in every girl with onset of puberty between the ages of 6 and 8 years; Context: It is still controversial whether all girls with central precocious puberty (CPP) should undergo brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) for unveiling intracranial pathology. Objectives: The objectives of the study were to determine the prevalence and type of intracranial lesions in otherwise normal girls with central precocious puberty (idiopathic CPP) and to identify the clinical and biochemical predictors of brain abnormalities. Design and Setting: This was a retrospective study conducted at the Endocrine Unit of "Bambino Gesù" Children's Hospital (Rome, Italy) from 1990 to 2012. Patients: Onehundred eighty-two girls were consecutively diagnosed with CPP. All girls underwent a thorough endocrine assessment and brain MRI with a detailed examination of the hypothalamicpituitary area. None of them had a history of neurological diseases, endocrine disorders, neurofibromatosis or other genetic syndromes, or previous hormonal therapies. Main Outcome Measure: Prevalence of brain abnormalities at MRI scan was measured. Results: Brain MRI showed no alteration in 157 (86%), incidentalomas of the hypothalamic-pituitary area unrelated to CPP in 19 (11%), and hamartomas in six girls (3%). Girls with hamartomas were younger than 6 years and had significantly higher mean baseline and stimulated LH values (P < .001), LH to FSH ratio (P < .001), serum 17β-estradiol levels (P < .001), and uterine length (P < .05). However, all the parameters overlapped extensively in girls with or without cerebral alterations. Conclusions: Our data cast doubt on the need of routine screening by brain MRI in girls with idiopathic CPP older than 6 years. Evidence-based criteria to drive clinical decision making about the use of MRI are lacking. ER  - 
Increased risk for vitamin D deficiency in obese children with both celiac disease and type 1 diabetes; Background. It is unknown whether the coexistence of type 1 diabetes (T1D) and celiac disease (CD) increases the risk for vitamin D deficiency. Aims. To determine the vitamin D status and the risk for vitamin D deficiency in prepubertal children with both T1D and CD compared to controls, TID, and CD. Subjects and Methods. Characteristics of 62 prepubertal children of age 2-13 y with either CD + T1D (n = 22, 9.9 ± 3.1 y), CD only (n = 18, 8.9 ± 3.3 y), or T1D only (n = 22, 10.1 ± 2.8 y) were compared to 49 controls of the age of 8.0 ± 2.6 years. Vitamin D deficiency was defined as 25(OH)D < 50 nmol/L, overweight as BMI of >85th but <95th percentile, and obesity as BMI > 95th percentile. Results.The 4 groups had no difference in 25(OH)D (ANOVA p = 0.123) before stratification into normal-weight versus overweight/obese subtypes. Following stratification, 25(OH)D differed significantly between the subgroups (F(3,98) = 10.109, ANOVA P < 0.001). Post-hoc analysis showed a significantly lower 25(OH)D in the overweight/obese CD + T1D compared to the overweight/obese controls (P = 0.039) and the overweight/obese CD (p = 0.003). Subjects with CD + T1D were 3 times more likely to be vitamin D deficient (OR = 3.1 [0.8-11.9], p = 0.098), compared to controls. Conclusions. The coexistence of T1D and CD in overweight/obese prepubertal children may be associated with lower vitamin D concentration. ER  - 
Sexual dimorphism in growth and insulin-like growth factor-I in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus; Objective: Impaired linear growth and reduced IGF-I levels in children with type 1 diabetes (T1DM) have been related to poor metabolic control. The aim of this study was to identify additional factors which may negatively affect growth and IGF system in patients with T1DM. Design: Ninety-one T1DM children (54 males, age. =.: 11.73. ±. 3. years, disease duration. =. 5.6. ±. 2.1. years) were studied. All children were on intensive insulin therapy: 62 children were on multiple injection therapy (MI) and 29 children on continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion (CSII). Results: Height velocity (HV) SDS and IGF-I levels were higher in females and in pubertal children [HV SDS: females. =. 0.6. ±. 2.4 vs males. =. -. 0.45. ±. 2.3 (. p=. 0.04); IGF-I SDS: females. =. -. 1.09. ±. 0.58 vs males. =. -. 1.4. ±. 0.6 (. p=. 0.02); IGF-I/IGFBP-3 molar ratio: females. =. 0.25. ±. 0.1 vs males. =. 0.21. ±. 0.08 (. p=. 0.04); IGF-I SDS: pre-pubertal. =. -. 1.58. ±. 0.46 vs pubertal. =. -. 1.15. ±. 0.65 (. p<. 0.001); IGF-I/IGFBP-3 molar ratio: pre-pubertal. =. 0.16. ±. 0.08 vs pubertal. =. 0.26. ±. 0.09 (. p<. 0.001)]. No differences between children on CSII or MI therapy were found. IGF-I SDS was positively related to C peptide level (. p<. 0.001), puberty (. p<. 0.001) and female gender (. p=. 0.02) and negatively related to HbA1c (. p=. 0.04). IGF-I/IGFBP-3 molar ratio was positively affected by C peptide level (. p<. 0.001), puberty (. p<. 0.001) and daily insulin dose (. p<. 0.001). Conclusions: Our results indicate that despite intensive insulin therapy, T1DM still negatively affects IGF-I secretion and linear growth. Growth impairment is more severe in males and primarily related to poor glycemic control and loss of the residual beta cell mass. ER  - 
Deep breathing acutely improves arterial dysfunction in obese children: Evidence of functional impairment?; Background and aims: Similarly to diabetes type 2, patients with obesity show insulin resistance and autonomic and vascular abnormalities associated with increased morbidity and mortality.We tested whether arterial dysfunction in obese children may have a functional nature, reversible with appropriate interventions (e.g., by reduction of sympathetic activity), or else results from anatomic arterial modifications (likely irreversible). For this purpose, we tested whether deep breathing (an intervention known to transiently reduce sympathetic activity) could acutely improve arterial function, hence showing a functional abnormality. Methods and results: A total of 130 obese children and 67 age-matched healthy normal-weight control children were recruited. Arterial function was measured by augmentation index (AIx), by direct analysis of blood pressure contour, and by pulse wave velocity (PWV), during spontaneous and controlled breathing. The markers of metabolic syndrome were evaluated at baseline.AIx showed increased values in obese male participants as compared with the control group. Slow breathing acutely reduced Aix in obese children, to a greater extent than in normal-weight control children. Similarly, the blood pressure contour showed higher values in obese children that were significantly attenuated by slow breathing. Baseline PWV was not altered in obese participants. The markers of metabolic syndrome correlated with AIx and PWV. Conclusions: Obese subjects showed impaired arterial function. The acute improvement in vascular abnormalities with reduction in sympathetic activity indicates that this alteration was largely functional, likely related to initial autonomic dysfunction and to metabolic abnormalities. As a consequence, this study provides a rationale for strategies aiming at preventing arterial function deterioration in the early ages. ER  - 
Under- and overnutrition and evidence of metabolic disease risk in rural black South African children and adolescents; Objectives: The objective was to determine the prevalence of under- and overnutrition, as well as evidence of metabolic disease risk in rural black South African children and adolescents. Design: A cross-sectional study was conducted. Setting: The setting was the Agincourt Health and Socio-demographic Surveillance System site, Mpumalanga province. Subjects: Six hundred children were randomly selected, of whom 588 were included in the analytical sample (mean age of 11.5 years, range of 7-15 years). Outcome measures: Outcome measures were anthropometric and blood pressure assessments, Tanner pubertal staging, as well as the determination of fasting serum lipid and glucose concentrations. Results: Using age and sex-specific World Health Organization 2007 growth references, the prevalence of stunting was determined to be 6.2% in the boys, and 2.7% in the girls, while 4.1% of the boys and 4.4% of the girls were underweight. Combined overweight and obesity prevalence was higher in the girls (13.5%) than in the boys (2.7%). Girls had significantly a higher body mass index and hip circumference than the boys in the early, mid and late pubertal stages. Pre-hypertension prevalence, using either systolic or diastolic blood pressure for sex, age and height, was 15% and 10% in the girls and boys, respectively. Furthermore, impaired fasting glucose (FG) (FG ≥ 5.6 mmol/l) was detected in 5% of the children. High-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations less than 1 mmol/l were observed in 0.7% of the boys and in 12% of the girls, which is indicative of cardiometabolic risk. Conclusion: Stunting levels were higher in the boys than in the girls in mid to late childhood in a rural setting in South Africa, while the girls had a higher prevalence of overweight and obesity than the boys. Pre-hypertension prevalence in the boys and girls was high. Other metabolic risk factors, i.e. impaired FG and lipids, were also seen in this population and were associated with adiposity. The study highlights the critical need for targeted health promotion interventions to optimise child health as part of a noncommunicable disease preventative strategy. ER  - 
Predicting weight loss and maintenance in overweight/obese pediatric patients; Background: Pediatric lifestyle interventions have positive short-term effects on obese patients. Studies on long-term effects are still scarce in Europe. We investigated long-term weight patterns and sociodemographic predictors of a weight change in a large Central European (Germany, Austria and Switzerland) overweight pediatric cohort. Methods: The APV (Adiposity Patients Verlaufsbeobachtung) database was retrospectively analyzed; 157 specialized childhood obesity centers contributed standardized data of 29,181 patients [body mass index (BMI) ≥90th percentile; 5-25 years old] presenting between 2000 and 2012. BMI standard deviation scores (BMI-SDS) were analyzed in a 2-year follow-up and grouped according to BMI-SDS changes. Multiple logistic regression analyses were conducted to assess associations between sociodemographic factors and weight patterns. Results: 2-year follow-up data were available in 3,135 patients (54.6% female). Five distinct weight trajectories 'rapid weight loss' (n = 735, 23.4%), 'delayed success' (n = 697, 22.2%), 'cycling weight' (n = 43, 1.4%), 'initial weight loss' and 'weight rebound' (n = 383, 12.2%) and 'no weight loss throughout' (n = 1,277, 40.7%) best characterized long-term BMI-SDS changes. Younger and male patients were more likely to reduce weight and maintain weight loss. Conclusions: Our results suggest that an intervention before the onset of puberty seems promising for long-term weight maintenance in overweight children. Thus, new concepts are needed to improve long-term treatment success in patients with lower success rates. ER  - 
Acanthosis nigricans, vitamin D, and insulin resistance in obese children and adolescents; Objectives: The aim of this study is to identify factors accounting for the variation in 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels in a pediatric obese population. Patients and Methods: One hundred and forty-nine obese children and adolescents (BMI ≥95th percentile) were evaluated in a pediatric endocrine office. Acanthosis nigricans (AN) skin lesions were rated on a 4-point scale. Results: The 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels were significantly different between those without AN and those with any severity of AN (p=<0.001). Insulin levels were only significantly different between those with no and severe AN (p=0.007). A general linear model showed that month of visit predicted 19.0% of the variation and AN an additional 2.2%. When AN was dropped from the full model, log-transformed HOMA-IR remained insignificant (p=0.164). Conclusions: Season of evaluation was the main determinant of 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels. Severity of AN was a stronger predictor of 25-hydroxyvitamin D level variation than the measure of insulin resistance HOMA-IR. ER  - 
Genome-wide association study of sexual maturation in males and females highlights a role for body mass and menarche loci in male puberty; Little is known about genes regulating male puberty. Further, while many identified pubertal timing variants associate with age at menarche, a late manifestation of puberty, and body mass, little is known about these variants' relationship to pubertal initiation or tempo. To address these questions, we performed genome-wide association meta-analysis in over 11 000 European samples with data on early pubertal traits, male genital and female breast development, measured by the Tanner scale. We report the first genome-wide significant locus for male sexual development upstream ofmyocardin-like 2 (MKL2) (P = 8.9 × 10-9), amenarche locus tagging a developmental pathway linking earlier puberty with reduced pubertal growth (P = 4.6 × 10-5) and short adult stature (p = 7.5 × 10-6) in both males and females. Furthermore, our results indicate that a proportion of menarche loci are important for pubertal initiation in both sexes. Consistent with epidemiological correlations between increased prepubertalbodymassandearlier pubertal timing in girls, bodymassindex (BMI)-increasing alleles correlated with earlier breast development. In boys, some BMI-increasing alleles associated with earlier, and others with delayed, sexual development; these genetic results mimic the controversy in epidemiological studies, some of which show opposing correlations between prepubertal BMI and male puberty. Our results contribute to our understanding of the pubertal initiation program in both sexes and indicate that although mechanisms regulating pubertal onset in males and females may largely be shared, the relationship between body mass and pubertal timing in boys may be complex and requires further genetic studies. ER  - 
Polycystic ovary syndrome in Iranian adolescents; Objective: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is linked with metabolic syndrome, which includes obesity, insulin resistance, dyslipidemia, and endocrine function in patients with PCOS. The aim of this study was to determine the prevalence of adolescent PCOS and characteristics associated with PCOS in adolescents in Babol, Iran. Materials and methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted on 1549 girl high school students aged 16-20 years who were living in Iran. After overnight fasting, blood samples were collected to determine hormones and lipid levels in PCOS patients between the first and fifth days of their menstrual period or withdrawal bleeding. Results: The overall prevalence of adolescent PCOS was 129 (8.3%) (95% CI; 4.0, 12.0). Irregular menstruation was observed in 24.1% of adolescents. A total of 68% of PCOS adolescents had insulin resistance. Compared with non-PCOS adolescents, the OR of adolescent PCOS for family history of hirsutism was 1.53 (95% CI, 1.06-2.20; p=0.024), family history of irregular menstrual cycle was 2.27 (95% CI, 1.56-3.30; p<0.001), menarche age <13 years was 1.95 (95% CI, 1.36-2.81; p<0.001), hirsutism was 1.14 (CI 95%, 1.10-1.17; p<0.001), acne was 5.10 (CI 95%, 3.52-7.40; p<0.001), and wrist circumference was 1.28 (CI 95%, 1.07-1.54; p=0.007). Conclusion: The presenting findings showed the high prevalence of PCOS among Iranian adolescents. Emphasis should be placed on clinical screening in adolescents with high-risk factors, including irregular menstrual, menarche <13 years, hirsutism, acne, high wrist circumference, and paternal obesity to help reduce the risk of developing metabolic disturbance and to find ways to improve long-term health. ER  - 
Precocious puberty; Purpose of review: Precocious puberty continues to elicit great interest and concern among medical practitioners, as well as the public. Recent findings: Studies have elucidated neural regulation of puberty by kisspeptin, neurokinin B, and other factors. Cohort studies from the North America and Europe suggest that the age of thelarche may be earlier than determined 2 decades ago, and menarche may be slightly earlier, but the causes are unclear. Long-term outcomes of gonadotropin-releasing hormone analog therapy demonstrate increases in final height in the youngest treated patients, with no apparent adverse bone or reproductive consequences. Summary: Although the appropriate threshold age of onset of central puberty remains uncertain, gonadotropinreleasing hormone analog therapy is well tolerated and effective in suppressing luteinizing hormone pulses and ovarian activity. ER  - 
Provision of healthy school meals does not affect the metabolic syndrome score in 8-11-year-old children, but reduces cardiometabolic risk markers despite increasing waist circumference; An increasing number of children are exhibiting features of the metabolic syndrome (MetS) including abdominal fatness, hypertension, adverse lipid profile and insulin resistance. Healthy eating practices during school hours may improve the cardiometabolic profile, but there is a lack of evidence. In the present study, the effect of provision of school meals rich in fish, vegetables and fibre on a MetS score (primary outcome) and on individual cardiometabolic markers and body composition (secondary outcomes) was investigated in 834 Danish school children. The study was carried out as a cluster-randomised, controlled, non-blinded, cross-over trial at nine schools. Children aged 8-11 years received freshly prepared school lunch and snacks or usual packed lunch from home (control) each for 3 months. Dietary intake, physical activity, cardiometabolic markers and body composition were measured at baseline and after each dietary period. The school meals did not affect the MetS score (P=1.00). However, it was found that mean arterial pressure was reduced by 0.4 (95 % CI 0.0, 0.8) mmHg (P=0.04), fasting total cholesterol concentrations by 0.05 (95 % CI 0.02, 0.08) mmol/l (P=0.001), HDL-cholesterol concentrations by 0.02 (95 % CI 0.00, 0.03) mmol/l, TAG concentrations by 0.02 (95 % CI 0.00, 0.04) mmol/l (both P<0.05), and homeostasis model of assessment-insulin resistance by 0.10 (95 % CI 0.04, 0.16) points (P=0.001) compared with the control diet in the intention-to-treat analyses. Waist circumference increased 0.5 (95 % CI 0.3, 0.7) cm (P<0.001), but BMI z-score remained unaffected. Complete-case analyses and analyses adjusted for household educational level, pubertal status and physical activity confirmed the results. In conclusion, the school meals did not affect the MetS score in 8-11-year-olds, as small improvements in blood pressure, TAG concentrations and insulin resistance were counterbalanced by slight undesired effects on waist circumference and HDL-cholesterol concentrations. ER  - 
FTO Gene: Association to weight regain after lifestyle intervention in overweight children; Objective: Polymorphisms in intron 1 of the 'fat mass and obesity-associated' (FTO) gene are associated with weight status. We hypothesized that the risk allele at a polymorphism in intron 1 of FTO is associated with weight regain after end of lifestyle intervention. Methods: We longitudinally analyzed the changes of weight status as BMI-SDS in 346 unrelated overweight children (mean age 10.6 ± 2.6 years, 45% male, mean BMI-SDS 2.39 ± 0.49) both at the end of a 1-year lifestyle intervention and 1 year after the end of this intervention. We genotyped the obesity risk SNP rs9939609 at FTO by ARMS-PCR. Results: The children reduced their BMI-SDS (-0.29 ± 0.33; p < 0.001) during intervention and increased their BMI-SDS between the end of intervention and 1 year later (+0.10 ± 0.41; p < 0.001). The obesity risk allele at FTO SNP rs9939609 was not associated with BMI-SDS reduction during the lifestyle intervention (p = 0.622), but with weight regain 1 year after end of the intervention in multiple linear regression analyses adjusted for age, sex, pubertal stage, and baseline BMI-SDS (Bonferroni corrected p = 0.002). Conclusions: The obesity risk allele at a polymorphism in intron 1 of FTO was associated with weight regain 1 year after a 1-year lifestyle intervention. ER  - 
Correlation between severity of growth hormone deficiency and thyroid metabolism and effects of long-term growth hormone treatment on thyroid function in children with idiopathic growth hormone deficiency; Background/Aim: The significance of changes in thyroid function in children during growth hormone (GH) treatment remains uncertain. We aimed to evaluate the impact of GH replacement on thyroid status in children with idiopathic GH deficiency (GHD). Methods: Data of 105 GHD children (82 M, 23 F; aged 11.13 years) during a 36-month follow-up were analyzed. At diagnosis the areas under the curve of GH (AUC<inf>GH</inf>) were calculated during a GH-releasing hormone + arginine (GHRH-Arg) and insulin tolerance test. Results: A significant ΔfT<inf>3</inf> (p < 0.001) was documented at 12 months, without any further change at 24 and 36 months and without fT<inf>4</inf> and TSH modifications. Grouping patients according to ΔfT<inf>3</inf> at 12 months into those with lower (n = 80, 76%) or greater values than the 75th percentile (n = 25, 24%), the latter showed lower AUC<inf>GH</inf> and GH peak during a GHRH-Arg (p = 0.018 and 0.014, respectively) and insulin tolerance test (p = 0.023 and 0.020, respectively) at diagnosis. In addition, children with lower GH at diagnosis showed a greater ΔfT<inf>3</inf> at 12 months (p = 0.030). Conclusions: In GHD children, GH treatment is associated with a significant increase in fT<inf>3</inf> in the first 12 months, more pronounced in patients with more severe GHD, highlighting the strong correlation between severity of GHD and thyroid metabolism. ER  - 
Adherence to growth hormone therapy: A practical approach; Background: Early detection of suspected poor adherence to growth hormone (GH) therapy is crucial to achieve normal final height in GH-deficient (GHD) patients. Patients: 106 children (73 M, 33 F) with a median age of 10.47 ± 3.48 years (mean ± standard deviation score (SDS)) exhibited short stature (-1.76 ± 0.64 SDS) and a delayed bone age (8.68 ± 3.42 years). Severe GHD was found in 28, while partial GHD was seen in 78 cases, with low IGF-I values. Recombinant human GH was administered by daily subcutaneous injection at a dosage of 21 μg/kg in prepubertal and 25 μg/kg in pubertal patients. Results: Poor adherence was suspected in a number of patients, but clearly demonstrated in only 4 cases with persistent reduced height velocity in spite of a corrected therapeutic regimen. These patients admitted incomplete adherence to GH injections and clinical and anthropometric measurements revealed their poor response to therapy. Conclusions: To efficaciously improve adherence in GHD patients, it is mandatory to regularly interview patients; a non-aggressive approach might be utilized to ensure effective communication with patients and their parents. ER  - 
Endocrine complications and components of the metabolic syndrome in survivors of childhood malignant non-brain solid tumors; Background/Aims: The substantial improvement in survival of children with cancer has been achieved at the cost of late effects. We aimed to evaluate the endocrine outcome in survivors of childhood non-brain malignant solid tumors (NBMST). Methods: We performed a retrospective medical record review for medical history, clinical and laboratory data of survivors (n = 139) followed at the endocrine clinic of a tertiary medical center. Outcome measures were frequency and types of endocrine dysfunction and components of the metabolic syndrome. Results: Median follow-up time was 9.0 years (range 1.2-29.5 years). At least one endocrine abnormality was found in 44 patients (31.7%). Abnormalities included hypogonadism (11.5%), hypothyroidism (9.4%), short stature (9.4%), growth hormone deficiency (8.6%) and components of the metabolic syndrome (15.1%). Height SDS decreased significantly (p = 0.004) during follow-up, whereas body mass index SDS tended to increase. On logistic regression analysis, treatment with cranial irradiation (p = 0.003), local radiation (p = 0.042), or bone marrow transplantation (p = 0.0001), and older age at last visit (p < 0.001) were associated with a significantly higher hazard of an endocrinopathy. Conclusions: The high rate of late endocrine dysfunction among survivors of childhood NBMST highlights the need to optimize the follow-up at the late-effects clinics to identify endocrine problems and allow early and effective intervention. ER  - 
The effect of insulin resistance on breast cancer risk in Latinas of Mexican origin; Background: Conclusive evidence has yet to emerge regarding the association between markers of hyperinsulinemia and breast cancer. We determined the effect of insulin resistance (IR) on breast cancer risk in Latinas of Mexican origin who did not have a direct family history of breast cancer and had not been previously diagnosed with prediabetes or diabetes. Methods: This was a case-control study in which a case (n=124) was defined as a patient with a recent histopathologic diagnosis of breast cancer and a control (n=197) was defined as a participant who had recently undergone a mammography and had either a Breast Imaging, Reporting & Data System (BI-RADS)-1 or a BI-RADS-2 score. Plasma glucose, insulin, and glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) levels were measured. IR was determined by using the homeostasis model assessment (HOMA-IR) criterion. Odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) were determined using unconditional binary logistic regression analysis. Results: IR was detected in 33.9% of cases and 41.6% of controls, based on a HOMA-IR ≥3.5. Although multivariate analysis did not show any association between IR and breast cancer risk (OR 0.56, 95% CI 0.31-1.01), it showed that an HbA1c ≥5.7% increased the risk of breast cancer (OR 3.41, 95% CI 1.93-6.01), regardless of menopausal status. Conclusions: The findings suggest that IR had no effect on breast cancer risk; however HbA1c increased the risk in Latinas of Mexican origin who had not been diagnosed previously with prediabetes or diabetes and had no direct family history of breast cancer. Prospective studies are required to establish the impact of IR over time. ER  - 
Endocrine function and bone disease during long-term chelation therapy with deferasirox in patients with β-thalassemia major; Iron overload in β-thalassemia major (TM) typically results in iron-induced cardiomyopathy, liver disease, and endocrine complications. We examined the incidence and progression of endocrine disorders (hypothyroidism, diabetes, hypoparathyroidism, hypogonadism), growth and pubertal delay, and bone metabolism disease during long-term deferasirox chelation therapy in a real clinical practice setting. We report a multicenter retrospective cohort study of 86 transfusion-dependent patients with TM treated with once daily deferasirox for a median duration of 6.5 years, up to 10 years. No deaths or new cases of hypothyroidism or diabetes occurred. The incidence of new endocrine complications was 7% (P=0.338, for change of prevalence from baseline to end of study) and included hypogonadism (n=5) and hypoparathyroidism (n=1). Among patients with hypothyroidism or diabetes at baseline, no significant change in thyroid parameters or insulin requirements were observed, respectively. Mean lumbar spine bone mineral density increased significantly (P<0.001) and the number of patients with lumbar spine osteoporosis significantly decreased (P=0.022) irrespective of bisphosphonate therapy, hormonal replacement therapy, and calcium or vitamin D supplementation. There were no significant differences in the number of pediatric patients below the 5th centile for height between baseline and study completion. Six pregnancies occurred successfully, and four of them were spontaneous without ovarian stimulation. This is the first study evaluating endocrine function during the newest oral chelation therapy with deferasirox. A low rate of new endocrine disorders and a stabilization of those pre-exisisting was observed in a real clinical practice setting. ER  - 
Association between nutritional status, C-reactive protein, adiponectin and HOMA-AD in Brazilian children; INTRODUCTION: In children, the presence of obesity is a major risk factor for the occurrence of cardiovascular diseases on the adulthood. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the association of anthropometry, body composition, clinical variables and biochemical profile with C-reactive protein and adiponectin levels, and insulin resistance in children in the municipality of Nova Era, Brazil. METHODS: Nested case-control study following a crosssectional study. We evaluated 178 children, 57 of them classified as obese and 121 as normal-weight from a population of 1024 schoolchildren 6 to 10 years old: Blood samples were collected after 12-hour fast to obtain serum and plasma. We collected anthropometric and body composition measures, systolic and diastolic blood pressure data. Sexual maturation was assessed according to the stage of sexual development. We performed Student's t-test, Mann-Whitney U test, Pearson's correlation, Spearman's test and multiple linear regression analysis. Independent variables with p < 0.05 were included in the multiple regression model. Residual analysis was performed to assess model validity. RESULTS: Among obese children, C-reactive protein levels were associated with triacylglycerol levels and body fat percentage estimated by skinfold thickness (R2 adjusted = 27.6%, p < 0.001). Adiponectin was associated with HOMA-IR, HOMAAD and body fat percentage estimated by skinfold thickness (R2 adjusted = 75.5%, p < 0.001). HOMA-AD index was associated with HOMA-IR, adiponectin, systolic blood pressure and weight (R2 adjusted = 90.7%, p < 0.001). CONCLUSION: Significant associations were found between body composition, anthropometry, clinical variables, biochemical profile and adiponectin and C-reactive protein levels and insulin resistance in obese and normal-weight children. ER  - 
Retrospective analyse of endometrioid type endometrial carcinomas; Objective: The objective of this study is to analyse clinical results for endometrioid type endometrial carcinoma in our clinic Method: Thirty-one cases, operated in our clinic between 2006 and 2010, were included. Data were collected from patient files retrospectively Results: Mean age, pregnancy rate, endometrial thickness and menarche age was 59±10, 5±3, 16±7mm, 12±1 respectively. most patients was postmenapousal (71,0%).diabetes mellitus was seen 33,3% and hypertension was 56,7%. 74,2% of patients had stage 1 and 71,0% had grade 1 disease. Cytology was negative for 91,7% lymph node invasion was negative for 87,1% of patients and lymphovascular space invasion was detected in 19.4%. Mean tumor size was higher in lymphovascular space invasion group. Myometrial invasion was more than ½ of myometrium in all lymphovascular space invasion group. Lymph node invasion was seen in 4 patients whom tumor size was more than 2cm. Dıscussion: Endometrial carcinoma seen in elderly and in early stage. Lymphovascular space invasion inceases with higher tumor size and advanced myometrial invasion. Lymph node invasion seen when tumor size is more than 2cm. ER  - 
Cardiovascular risk factors in adolescents born preterm; BACKGROUND: Adolescents and adults born as small preterm infants show more pronounced risk factors of cardiovascular disease. Whether similar risks apply across all degrees of preterm birth is poorly known. METHODS: We studied the association between preterm birth and cardiovascular risk factors in 6642 16-year-old adolescents of the populationbased Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1986. Of these, 79 (1.2%) were born at ,34 gestational weeks (early preterm), 238 (3.6%) at 34 to 36 weeks (late preterm), and 6325 at term (controls). RESULTS: Girls born early preterm had 6.7 mm Hg (95% confidence interval: 3.1-10.2) higher systolic blood pressure (BP) and 3.5 mm Hg (1.1-5.8) higher diastolic BP, but no difference in serum lipid levels compared with control girls. Boys showed no differences in BP, but boys born early preterm had 6.7% (0.2%-13.7%) higher total cholesterol, 11.7% (2.1%-22.3%) higher low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and 12.3% (3.1%-22.4%) higher apolipoprotein B concentrations. The differences were similar (BP) or stronger (lipids) when adjusted for maternal smoking, birth weight SD score, parental education, pubertal stage, BMI, and lifestyle. There were similar associations with length of gestation as a continuous variable. Accordingly, mean differences between late preterm and controls were in the same direction but weaker, although most were not statistically significant. CONCLUSIONS: Preterm birth was associated with elevated BP in adolescent girls and an atherogenic lipid profile in boys. Because these associations were strongest among those born early preterm, our findings are consistent with a dose-response relationship between shorter length of gestation and cardiovascular risk factors. ER  - 
Glucose homeostasis and insulin resistance: Prevalence, gender differences and predictors in adolescents; Background: Adolescence, due to transient pubertal insulin resistance (IR), is associated with a higher risk for disturbances of glucose metabolism. The aim of our study was 1) to investigate the prevalence of disturbances of glucose metabolism, 2) to define gender specific homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) thresholds associated with increased cardiometabolic risks and 3) to provide predictors of HOMA-IR. Methods: The studied cohort consisted of Czech adolescents aged 13.0-17.9 years: 1,518 individuals of general population and three studied groups according weight category (615 normal weight, 230 overweight and 683 obese). The prevalence of IR, impaired fasting glucose (IFG) and type 2 diabetes was assessed. Risky HOMA-IR thresholds based on components of metabolic syndrome were investigated. HOMA-IR prediction was calculated taking into account age, blood pressure, multiple anthropometric, biochemical and hormonal parameters. Results: In general population cohort, the prevalence of IFG and type 2 diabetes was 7.0% and <0.5%, respectively. Boys regardless of weight presented significantly higher levels of blood glucose and higher prevalence of IFG than girls. Obese boys were found more insulin resistant than obese girls. HOMA-IR thresholds of 3.6 for girls and 4.4 for boys were associated with increased cardiometabolic risks. For both genders, the model of HOMA-IR prediction was composed of age, BMI, ratio of free triiodthyronine to free thyroxine, gamma-glutamyltransferase activity and levels of triglycerides and sex hormone-binding globulin. Conclusions: The type 2 diabetes in adolescents, including those who were obese, was rarely diagnosed. Obese adolescent boys were at greater risk for IR and for IFG than obese girls. In adolescence, thresholds of HOMA-IR in contrast to predictors were found gender specific. ER  - 
Does priming with sex steroids improve the diagnosis of normal growth hormone secretion in short children?; Introduction: There is still controversy for priming with sex steroid before growth hormone (GH) testing. Objective: We studied GH response to stimulation in 92 children >9 years with idiopathic short stature (height standard deviation score [HtSDS]-2). They were divided randomly into two groups. Children in Group 1 (n = 50) were primed with premarin in girls and testosterone in boys and those in Group 2 were not primed (n = 42). All children were tested using standard clonidine test and their serum insulin-like growth factor-I concentration (IGF-I). Additionally the growth and GH-IGF-I data of the two groups of children were compared with those for 32 short children (HtSDS <-2) below the age 9 years who were non-primed before GH testing (Group 3). Results: Neither GH peak response to provocation nor IGF-I concentrations differed between the two groups with and without priming. Discussion: Taking a cut-level of 7 ng/ml for normal GH response to clonidine, priming with sex steroids did not significantly increase the percentage of patients with normal GH response (52%) versus nonpriming (47%). IGF-I level did not show any significant difference among the two studied groups >9 years. The peak GH response to clonidine provocation test did not differ before (n = 42) versus after 9 years (n = 32) of age. Conclusions: In this randomized study priming with sex steroids before GH testing did not significantly increase the yield of diagnosing short patients with normal GH secretion. In addition, GH response to provocation did not vary significantly between young (<9 years) and old (>9 years) short children. ER  - 
Assessment of various risk factors of breast cancer; Objectives: The main objectives of this study were to assess the various modifiable and non modifiable risk factors of breast cancer and to study the various chemotherapeutic regimens prescribed for the treatment of breast cancer. Methods: It was a prospective observational study carried out for 6 months (1st July-31st December 2012) at the department of medical oncology of Amrita Institute of Medical Sciences, Kochi, Kerala India. Total 180 patients who visited the department of medical oncology during the study period and who satisfied the inclusion and exclusion criteria were included in the study. A standardized data collection form was prepared and necessary data were collected from patients and/or caregivers. Results: The maximum numbers of patients were in the age group of 51-60.Most of the patients was postmenopausal and married. 73.88% patients were residing in urban area. 73.33% patients don't have any family history of cancer. Only 30 patients undergone hysterectomy and 150 were not. In this study out of 180 patients only 9(5%) had a history of HRT/OCT use. Majority of patients had hypertension as the co morbidity followed by diabetes mellitus.103 patients were obese. 51 patients had their first menarche at the age of 14 and gave their first child birth at an age of 25 and breast fed for an average of 2 years. Conclusion: Awareness of various risk factors of breast cancer will help in early detection of breast cancer and can save thousands of lives. ER  - 
Insulin resistance determined by Homeostasis Model Assessment (HOMA) and associations with metabolic syndrome among Chinese children and teenagers; Objective. The aim of this study is to assess the association between the degree of insulin resistance and the different components of the metabolic syndrome among Chinese children and adolescents. Moreover, to determine the cut-off values for homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) at MS risk. Methods. 3203 Chinese children aged 6 to 18 years were recruited. Anthropometric and biochemical parameters were measured. Metabolic syndrome (MS) was identified by a modified Adult Treatment Panel III (ATP III) definition. HOMA-IR index was calculated and the normal reference ranges were defined from the healthy participants. Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) analysis was used to find the optimal cutoff of HOMA-IR for diagnosis of MS. Results: With the increase of insulin resistance (quintile of HOMA-IR value), the ORs of suffering MS or its related components were significantly increased. Participants in the highest quintile of HOMA-IR were about 60 times more likely to be classified with metabolic syndrome than those in the lowest quintile group. Similarly, the mean values of insulin and HOMA-IR increased with the number of MS components. The present HOMA-IR cutoff point corresponding to the 95th percentile of our healthy reference children was 3.0 for whole participants, 2.6 for children in prepubertal stage and 3.2 in pubertal period, respectively. The optimal point for diagnosis of MS was 2.3 in total participants, 1.7 in prepubertal children and 2.6 in pubertal adolescents, respectively, by ROC curve, which yielded high sensitivity and moderate specificity for a screening test. According to HOMA-IR > 3.0, the prevalence of insulin resistance in obese or MS children were 44.3% and 61.6% respectively. Conclusions: Our data indicates insulin resistance is common among Chinese obese children and adolescents, and is strongly related to MS risk, therefore requiring consideration early in life. As a reliable measure of insulin resistance and assessment of MS risk, the optimal HOMA-IR cut-off points in this cohort were developed with variation regarding puberty. HOMA-IR may be useful for early evaluating insulin resistance in children and teenagers and could have a long-term benefit of preventive and diagnostic therapeutic intervention. © 2013 Yin et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Type 1 plasminogen activator inhibitor as a common risk factor for cancer and ischaemic vascular disease: The EPICOR study; Objectives: We examined the association of plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1) levels with colorectal cancer, breast cancer, acute coronary syndrome (ACS) and ischaemic stroke. Design: Nested case-cohort study. Setting: The European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition-Italy cohort. Participants: A centre-stratified random sample of 850 participants (286 men, 564 women) was selected as subcohort and compared with 303 colorectal cancers, 617 breast cancers, 688 ACS and 158 ischaemic strokes, in a mean follow-up of 9.11 years. Main outcomes and measures: Primary incident cases of colon cancer, breast cancer, ACS and ischaemic stroke. PAI-1 levels were measured in citrated plasma by ELISA. HR and 95% CI, adjusted by relevant confounders and stratified by centre, were estimated by a Cox regression model using Prentice method. Results: Individuals in the highest compared with the lowest quartile of PAI-1 had significantly increased risk of colorectal cancer (RR=2.28;95% CI 1.46 to 3.55; P for trend<0.0012), breast cancer (HR=1.70;95% CI 1.21 to 2.39; p<0.0055), ACS (HR=2.57;95% CI 1.75 to 3. 77; p<0.001) and ischaemic stroke (HR=2.27;95% CI 1. 28 to 4.03; p<0.0017), after adjustment for sex and age. Additional adjustment for disease-specific confounders, insulin or other metabolic variables did not modify the associations. Risk of colon cancer was stronger for men and for whole and distal colon localisation. Risk for breast cancer was stronger in postmenopausal women. Conclusions: Our data provide the first evidence that elevated levels of PAI-1 are potential risk factors for colorectal and breast cancer and a common pathway for cancer and cardiovascular disease. ER  - 
Early nutrition and later outcomes in preterm infants; The developmental origins of health and disease is an emerging area of interest that amalgamates many areas of scientific studies and encompasses a wide range of diverse disciplines from epidemiology to molecular biology. Evidence has accumulated to show that early life experiences, both in utero and in infancy have long-term effects on many body systems. There are now good data to show that suboptimal in utero growth, especially when combined with rapid growth acceleration in early postnatal life may increase the risk of later life metabolic disease. The mechanisms are complex but likely to involve epigenetic marks such as DNA methylation. Preterm infants frequently experience suboptimal nutrient intakes in early postnatal life and exhibit growth failure within the NICU. They also receive products that may not provide either an optimal quantity or quality of nutrients. Follow-up studies have now shown much higher risks for long-term chronic disease in children and adults who were born preterm. There are higher levels of insulin resistance and abnormal partitioning of fat deposition. The onset of puberty seems earlier, average height is less and blood pressure, measures of vascular health and lipid profiles suggest cardiovascular health is likely to differ from healthy term born controls. Despite this, there are no data to suggest an overall benefit of limiting nutrient intake, or restricting growth in preterm infants. There are strong data to show that the preterm brain is exquisitely vulnerable to undernutrition, and that suboptimal nutrient intakes may permanently affect later cognitive attainment. A clinical focus on early nutrient intakes and breast milk provision is key to optimising long-term health outcomes. © 2013 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Habitually higher dietary glycemic index during puberty is prospectively related to increased risk markers of type 2 diabetes in younger adulthood; OBJECTIVE - Carbohydrate nutrition during periods of physiological insulin resistance such as puberty may affect future risk of type 2 diabetes. This study examined whether the amount or the quality (dietary glycemic index [GI], glycemic load [GL], and added ugar, fiber, and wholegrain intake) of carbohydrates during puberty is associated with risk markers of type 2 diabetes in younger adulthood. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - The analysis was based on 226 participants (121 girls and 105 boys) from the Dortmund Nutritional and Anthropometric Longitudinally Designed Study (DONALD) with an average of five 3-day weighed dietary records (range 2-6) during puberty (girls, age 9-14 years; boys, age 10-15 years) and fasting blood samples in younger adulthood (age 18-36 years) (average duration of follow-up 12.6 years). Multivariable linear regression was used to analyze the associations between carbohydrate nutrition and homeostasismodel assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) aswell as the liver enzymes alanine minotransferase (ALT) and g-glutamyltransferase (GGT) (n = 214). RESULTS - A higher dietary GI was prospectively related to greater values of HOMA-IR (Ptrend = 0.03), ALT (Ptrend = 0.02), and GGT (Ptrend = 0.04). After adjustment for sex, adult age, baseline BMI, and early life and socioeconomic factors as well as protein and fiber intake, predicted mean HOMA-IR values in energy-adjusted tertiles of GI were 2.37 (95% CI 2.16-2.60), 2.47 (2.26-2.71), and 2.59 (2.35-2.85). The amount of carbohydrates, GL, and added sugar, fiber, and whole-grain intake were not related to the analyzed markers. CONCLUSIONS - Our data indicate that a habitually higher dietary GI during puberty may adversely affect risk markers of type 2 diabetes in younger adulthood. © 2013 by the American Diabetes Association. ER  - 
Carotid intima media thickness in adolescents with increased risk for atherosclerosis; In this study, we aimed to analyze early-onset atherosclerotic changes in adolescents with risk of cardiovascular disease in comparison to healthy controls using carotid intima media thickness (CIMT), homocysteine and markers of endothelial function as indicators. Children aged 10 years or older, all pubertal, with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM), obesity, or obesity with glucose intolerance and age- and sex-matched healthy controls were included in the study. Endothelial markers (von Willebrand factor [vWF], tissue plasminogen activator [tPA], plasminogen activator inhibitor [PAI]-1), CIMT, homocysteine, folic acid, and vitamin B12 levels were measured in all subjects. Mean CIMT of the obese subjects were significantly higher than that of lean diabetic children and healthy controls (p=0.024). There was an independent relationship between CIMT and homocysteine level (b=0.76, p<0.0001). Further, homocysteine was negatively correlated with vitamin B12 (r=-0.20, p<0.001) and folic acid (r=-0.44, p<0.001). Homocysteine is an independent risk factor for early atherosclerosis in adolescents, which may be controlled by supplementation with vitamin B12 and folic acid. ER  - 
Assessment of osteoporosis in family medicine obtained by ultrasound densitometry; Introduction: Osteoporosis is a disease characterized by a decrease in bone mineral density, making bones become less rigid, and therefore susceptible to fractures, either spontaneously or with force, which is lower than otherwise needed for healthy bones fractured. Nearly 10% of the world population and 30% of women after menopause, suffer from osteoporosis. Clinical assessment of osteoporosis in family medicine is key to prevention, early detection and treatment of osteoporosis. Objective: To investigate the possibility of early detection and diagnosis of osteoporosis by analyzing the risk factors for osteoporosis and to compare the results with the parameters obtained by ultrasound densitometry of calcaneus, and determine the relationship of calcaneus densitometry with DXA findings, as the gold standard for the diagnosis of osteoporosis. Patients and methods: The study included all patients of Family Medicine Kalesija Team 1, aged 50 years and over, a total of 711 patients, of whom 425 were women and 286 men. In all patients we assessed the existence of the following risk factors for osteoporosis: Constitutional: gender, age, weight, constitution, menarche and menopause, loss of height and stooped posture; Living habits: smoking, alcohol consumption, coffee, physical activity, and medications: long-term use corticosteroids, anticonvulsants, antacids, thyroid hormones. Comorbidity: history of fractures, hyperthyroidism, COPD, Chussing's disease, diabetes. In the group of high-risk patients determined by the clinical assessment, quantitative ultrasound densitometry screening was carried out. Monitoring parameters derived with densitometry: the value of T-score, BUA (Broadband Ultrasound Attenuation), SOS (Speed of Sound), QUI (Quantitative Ultrasound Index). To confirm the diagnosis of osteoporosis, in all patients with positive findings using ultrasound densitometry (T score lower than 2.5), another densitometry was performed by standard DXA method. Results: The incidence of osteoporosis was 96% in women and 4% in men. Differences in prevalence between men and women are statistically significant. People with and without osteoporosis significantly differ in gender, age, weight, constitution (BMI-Body Mass Index). The parameters that distinguish those with and without osteoporosis: age, weight, height, BMI, gender. Out of the total of 711 patients, in 11% of patients the clinical evaluation showed the existence of high risk of osteoporosis. In 9.8% patients, the values were determined by ultrasound densitometry, where T score was lower than 2.5 what induces a high risk of fractures, and for 8.8% patients the DXA confirmed the diagnosis of osteoporosis. Conclusion: Clinical assessment of osteoporosis in the family medicine clinic performed in timely and focused history of risk factors for osteoporosis, with additional findings from quantitative densitometry of calcaneus, was sufficient for the early detection and screening of patients with high risk for osteoporosis. With good clinical assessment of osteoporosis it will be necessary to send all patients who enter the high-risk group to undergo ultrasound densitometry of calcaneus, to make it possible to determine the risk of bone fractures and osteoporosis in time, and then refer patients for further processing and DXA measurements according to the guidelines by the WHO. © 2013 AVICENA. ER  - 
Effect of demographic factors on brachytherapy treatment results in patients with endometrial cancer 1995-2010; Introduction: Approximately 1 in 20 female cancers in Europe is of the endometrium. Endometrial carcinoma is the most common gynaecologic cancer. Considering the fact that an upward tendency has recently been observed in morbidity due to this type of cancer, this is a serious medical problem. Objective: The presented report describes the results of the analysis of selected demographic factors and their effect on the incidence of endometrial cancer. Analysis of the results of treatment of endometrial cancer during 1995-2010 was also an objective of the study. Materials and methods: Based on medical records obtained from the HDR Laboratory of Brachytherapy at the Gynaecological & Obstetrics Clinical Hospital, University of Medical Sciences in Poznań, the results of treatment of patients with endometrial cancer by brachytherapy were analyzed. The analysis covered a group of 400 patients. Results: More than a half of the patients completed their education on the level of elementary or secondary school. Taking into consideration the weight of the patients, it appeared that most women had excessive body weight. Most frequently, concomitant hypertension was observed. Moreover, the age at menarche was 12 and 13. Conclusions: Demographic factors exert a significant effect on the incidence of endometrial cancer. 1. Overweight and obesity are important risk factors of endometrial cancer. 2. A strong relationship is observed between the occurrence of hypertension or diabetes, and the development of endometrial cancer. 3. Women who come from the rural environment and continue to live in this environment are more likely to contract endometrial cancer. ER  - 
Are metabolic syndrome antecedents in prepubertal children associated with being born idiopathic large for gestational age?; Introduction: Being born large for gestational age (LGA) is a risk factor for development of metabolic syndrome (MS) in adolescents and adults. Objective: To evaluate prepubertal children born idiopathic LGA to non-obese mothers without gestational diabetes or glucosuria with respect to the presence of MS antecedents. Patients and methods: We conducted a cross-sectional study to compare 40 (19F) LGA-born prepubertal children of a mean age of 6.1±2.5yr and 49 (25F) appropriate for gestational age (AGA)-born body mass index (BMI)-matched peers of a mean age of 5.4±1.8yr with respect to their anthropometric data, blood pressure measurements, fasting serum glucose and insulin levels, homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), and lipids and atherogenic index (AI) [triglyceride (TG)/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C)]. HOMA-IR>2.5 was used to define IR. HDL-C≤40mg/dL and TG≥110mg/dL were used to define dyslipidemia. Both groups were further divided into subgroups as obese and non-obese according to their BMI percentiles and the analyses were repeated. Results: Non-obese LGA children had higher waist circumference (WC) standard deviation scores (SDSs) than BMI-matched AGA-born peers (p=0.024). There were no significant differences between pooled, obese and non-obese subgroups of LGA-born children and their AGA counterparts with respect to dyslipidemia and IR. AI was higher in non-obese LGA children than in AGA counterparts (p=0.028). Conclusions: Non-obese idiopathic LGA-born children have higher AIs than AGA-born counterparts in the absence of IR. WC seems to be a good clinical screening tool in identifying at risk of non-obese LGA children. Further studies are needed to evaluate MS antecedents in idiopathic LGA-born children. © 2013 John Wiley & Sons A/S. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd. ER  - 
Dietary and lifestyle quality indices with/without physical activity and markers of insulin resistance in European adolescents: The HELENA study; Emerging data indicate that higher levels of insulin resistance (IR) are common among children and adolescents and are related to cardiometabolic risk; therefore, IR requires consideration early in life. In addition, there is a lack of conclusive evidence regarding the role of dietary nutrients on IR. The Healthy Lifestyle in Europe by Nutrition in Adolescence Cross-Sectional Study (HELENA-CSS) was conducted in European adolescents aged 12·5-17·5 years. A total of 637 participants with valid homeostasis model assessment (HOMA) index data and who completed at least a 2Â d 24Â h dietary recall were included in the study (60Â % of the total HELENA-CSS sample). There were two dietary indices calculated, with the only difference between them being the inclusion or not of physical activity (PA). Markers of IR such as HOMA and the quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI) were calculated. Pubertal status, BMI and cardiorespiratory fitness (CRF) were measured as potential confounders. The dietary index including PA was inversely associated with HOMA and directly with the QUICKI in females, but not in males, after adjusting for pubertal status, centre, BMI and CRF. In conclusion, the present study indicates that considering PA as part of the dietary index is of relevance as the resulted index is inversely related to IR independently of potential confounders including CRF. Overall, these findings suggest that intervention studies aimed at preventing IR in young people should focus on increasing the quality of the diet and also on including an optimal PA level in healthy adolescents. Copyright © The Authors 2013. ER  - 
Differences between intensified insulin therapy using multiple insulin injections (ICT) or continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion using pumps (CSII) in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus; Abstract Introduction: The most important reasons for children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus to participate in an in-house medical rehabilitation is the need for an intensification of diabetes therapy, an improvement of diabetes self-management and/or to foster the best possible psycho-social integration in a normal daily life. The aim of the trial was to analyse these results in children and adolescents with intensified insulin therapy using multiple insulin injections (ICT) in comparison to patients with continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion using pumps (CSII). Patients and methods: All children and adolescents (n = 901, females 52 %, age 11.5 ± 4.0 years, diabetes duration 4.0 ± 3.6 years, HbA1c 8.61 ± 2.12 %) with type 1 diabetes mellitus participated in an in-house medical rehabilitation during the period from 04/01/2004 up to 10/31/2010 were integrated in the trial. Bivariate and multivariate statistical analyses were used to compare the different trial groups. Results: At hospital admission a total of 707 patients were treated with ICT, 194 were treated with CSII. 10 % of the patients (n = 92) were classified as pre-school aged children (< 6 years), 26 % (n = 232) as children in school-age (≥ 6 < 11 years), 49 % (n = 443) as adolescents in puberty age (≥ 11 < 16 years) and 15 % (n = 134) as adolescents in the post-puberty age (≥ 16 years). In the mean children and adolescents with CSII had a longer diabetes duration (5.3 ± 3.7 vs. 3.6 ± 3.5 years, p < 0.01), but a comparable HbA1c (8.35 ± 1.71 vs. 8.72 ± 2.26 %, p = 0.09), lower post-prandial blood-glucose values (10.0 ± 3.0 vs. 12.2 ± 3.3 mmol/l, p = 0.03), a comparable amplitude of blood-glucose excursions (9.8 ± 3.2 vs. 9.4 ± 3.4 mmol/l, p = 0.22) and a higher frequency of blood-glucose self-tests (45.4 ± 13.3 ± 38.2 ± 11.5 self-tests/week, p < 0.01). Patients performing more frequently blood-glucose self-tests had a better quality of metabolic control. The multivariate analysis revealed as most important factor associated with HbA1c the amplitude of blood-glucose excursions (ICT group: R-square = 0.372, ß = 0.184, p < 0.01, CSII group: R-square = 0.313, ß = 0.241, p < 0.01). Separate analyses were calculated for different age groups. Conclusions: Most children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus were admitted to an in-house medical rehabilitation during puberty age. Particularly during this period adolescents need special support to gain an optimal quality of diabetes control and to achieve the best possible psycho-social integration in daily life (empowerment, structured treatment and teaching). The comparison showed that ICT treated children and adolescents had a similar quality of diabetes control (HbA1c, symptomatic hypoglycaemia, amplitude of blood-glucose excursions), but lower post-prandial blood-glucose values than CSII using participants. The amplitude of blood-glucose excursions was identified as most important factor associated with HbA1c. Hence, an important aim in diabetes therapy has to be the reduction of blood-glucose excursions in daily life. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart. ER  - 
Menarcheal age of type 1 diabetic bengali indian females; Background: It has been observed that menstrual characteristics are generally influenced by lifestyle, socio-cultural and biological factors. Aim: The present study examines: (a) variation in menstrual characteristics between Type1 Diabetic females of rural and urban adolescents, i.e. the resident status; and (b) whether these characteristics can be predicted from various socio-economic, stress variables related to place of residence. Subjects and methods: The sample of the present study constituted 103T1DM females from West Bengal, a State of India. These girls belong to a Bengali-speaking ethnic group. Data on socio-economic variables and menstrual characteristics were collected using pretested questionnaires. Results: Menstrual irregularity was common in our study participants, with age of menarche, but was not associated with current BMI, physical activity or insulin dose. Conclusions: Our study displays that age at menarche is delayed in young women with T1DM compared to the concurrent overall mean age at menarche in the West Bengal population. © 2013 Informa UK Ltd. All rights reserved: reproduction in whole or part not permitted. ER  - 
Higher parity is associated with an increased risk of type-II diabetes in Chinese women: The Singapore Chinese Health Study; Objective: The association between parity and type-II diabetes has been studied primarily in Western populations, and the findings have been inconsistent. Here, we examine whether parity was positively associated with incident type-II diabetes in Singaporean Chinese women. Design: Prospective cohort study. Setting: Singapore. Population: A total of 25 021 Singaporean Chinese women aged 45-74 years from the Singapore Chinese Health Study who were free of cancer, heart disease, stroke, and diabetes at baseline (1993-1998). Methods: Women were followed through 2004 for incident diabetes. Hazard ratios for type-II diabetes were computed across parity (of live births) categories and adjusted for baseline age, interview year, dialect, education, smoking, dietary pattern, physical activity, age at menarche, oral contraceptive use, menopausal status, hormone therapy use, and body mass index (BMI). Main outcome measure: Self-reported diabetes, as diagnosed by a doctor. Results: Over an average of 5.7 person-years of follow-up, 1294 women were diagnosed with diabetes. Before and after multivariable adjustment there was a positive graded association between parity and type-II diabetes risk (P < 0.001). In the fully adjusted model, which included adult BMI, the risk of type-II diabetes increased by 31% (from -2 to 76%), 62% (from 22 to 116%), and 74% (from 29 to 133%) for women with one or two, three or four, and five or more live births, respectively, compared with women with no live births. Moreover, in a supplementary multivariate analysis in non-diabetic women we found a positive monotonic association between parity and glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c) (P = 0.01). Conclusions: Increased parity may be a risk factor for type-II diabetes in Chinese women. More research is needed on lifestyle and physiologic factors that may explain this association. © 2013 RCOG. ER  - 
Testicular adrenal rest tumors develop independently of long-term disease control: A longitudinal analysis of 50 adult men with congenital adrenal hyperplasia due to classic 21-hydroxylase deficiency; Context: Testicular adrenal rest tumors (TARTs) and hypogonadotropic hypogonadism are the two most common causes for male infertility in classic 21-hydroxylase deficiency. Current hypotheses suggest the quality of disease control to be one of the main pathogenic factors for TART development. Objective: The aim was to study long-term predictors for TART development in a retrospective longitudinal study. Design: Fifty men with classic 21-hydroxylase deficiency (31 salt wasting, 19 simple virilizing) were investigated. Testicular ultrasound at a median age at investigation of 27 years detected TARTs in 28 of 50 subjects (19 salt wasting, 9 simple virilizing). TART presence was correlated with long-term parameters of disease control during childhood and adolescence obtained from patients' charts: 24-hour urine pregnanetriol, serum 17-hydroxyprogesterone, onset and stage of pubic hair development, testicular growth, and bone age in relation to chronological age. Results: There was no difference in pregnanetriol excretion over lifetime between patients with and without TARTs. Similarly, neither development of pubic hair and testicular volume (Tanner) nor bone age in relation to chronological age differed between the two groups. Furthermore, the two groups had the same body mass index and the same impairment of final height in relation to midparental target height. Conclusion: Our longitudinal analysis demonstrates no association between TART presence and parameters of disease control. These data, therefore, argue for other mechanisms more relevant for TART induction including those occurring during fetal development. Copyright © 2013 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Continuous rise of insulin resistance before and after the onset of puberty in children at increased risk for type 1 diabetes - a cross-sectional analysis; Background: Insulin resistance has been postulated to be linked to the frequent onset of type 1 diabetes (T1D) during puberty. Very few studies have investigated the time course of insulin resistance in childhood. To address the question of how insulin resistance develops with age and how this is related to puberty onset, we examined insulin resistance and pubertal development over time in children at increased risk for T1D. Methods: Homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) was measured in 1848 fasting samples of 1177 children (aged 5-15years) in a cross-sectional analysis. All children had a first degree relative with T1D, 120 developed islet autoantibodies. Pubertal development was determined by Tanner staging. Results: Insulin resistance rose continuously from age 5 to 13years in girls and from age 5 to 14years in boys with an average increase of 0.09 (95 % confidence interval [CI]: 0.08-0.10) per year for girls and 0.07 (95 % CI: 0.06-0.08) for boys. The rise preceded the onset of puberty (Tanner stage 2), which was reported between 10 and 12years of age in 80.4 % of the children (mean age: 11.2±0.06years). No difference was seen between children with or without islet autoantibodies. Conclusions: There was a constant age-dependent rise of insulin resistance during childhood without observed associations to the onset of puberty or the presence of islet autoimmunity in children at increased risk for T1D. Our data show that insulin resistance emerges well before the initiation of physical changes of puberty. © 2013 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Evaluation of bone mineral density in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus; Background: Factors such as vascular/neurological mechanisms, poor glycemic control, abnormalities in vitamin D/calcium, secondary hyperparathyroidism, and hypercalciuria have been blamed for the unfavorable effects of type 1 diabetes mellitus (type 1 DM) on bone health. In this present study, we aimed to evaluate the frequency of low bone mineral density (BMD) in children with type 1 DM. Method: Among 100 type 1 DM patients, a 25-hydroxy vitamin D level of < 10 ng/mL was accepted as vitamin D deficiency and the level of 10-20 ng/dL was accepted as vitamin D insufficiency. BMD was measured, and Z-scores were evaluated according to adjusted Turkish standards. Participants with a Z-score of δ -2 were defined as having low BMD; BMD between -2 and -1 were defined as being in the low range of normality; and values ε -1 were accepted as normal. Results: The vitamin D deficiency and insufficiency ratios were 28% and 43%, respectively. Low BMD and BMD in the low range of normality were diagnosed in 10% and 25% of patients, respectively. There was no difference in vitamin D, parathormone, and metabolic control levels between three groups: with normal BMD, low BMD, and BMD in the low range of normality. BMD Z-scores were not different between the pubertal and prepubertal groups. Conclusion: Detailed evaluation should be performed for BMD in the follow-up of DM to prevent complications by decreasing related risks. ER  - 
Increased leptin/adiponectin ratio and free leptin index are markers of insulin resistance in obese girls during pubertal development; Background: Modifications in body fat in obese patients during puberty determine changes in adipokines that affect insulin sensitivity. Aims: We hypothesized that the leptin/adiponectin (L/A) ratio and free leptin index (FLI) are good markers of insulin resistance (IR) and total body fat (TBF) during pubertal development. Methods: A prospective study of 32 obese girls (OG) and age-matched control girls (CG) was performed. OG were divided into those that maintained a weight loss (WL) of >1 SD of initial body mass index (BMI) (WL group, n = 25) and those without WL (NWL group, n = 7). Oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTT) were performed to evaluate IR. Correlations of adipokines, L/A, and FLI with BMI, waist circumference, percentage of TBF (%TBF) and IR were performed over pubertal development. Results: The L/A ratio and FLI were increased in OG at baseline. Both indexes decreased in the WL group as puberty progressed, with no change in CG or NWL. In the WL group, a correlation between L/A and FLI with OGTT and %TBF, and L/A and homeostasis model assessment (HOMA) was found throughout the study. Conclusion: The L/A ratio and FLI are good markers to follow changes in IR and %TBF after WL during puberty. Insulin more accurately reflects the changes in IR than HOMA. © 2013 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Gonadal function in turner syndrome; Introduction: Turner syndrome is characterized by the absence, total or partial, of one X chromosome in females, being one of the most frequent chromosomal abnormalities. Diagnosis is made by karyotype. Turner syndrome manifestations include primary hypogonadism, before or after puberty (gonadal dysgenesis). The degree and extent of gonadal disfunction are variable. Objectives: We intended to assess clinical, karyotype, gonadal function and pelvic ultrasound characteristics in women with Turner syndrome. Material and Methods: Retrospective study of patients with Turner syndrome followed in Endocrinology and Human Reproduction Departments of Hospitais da Universidade de Coimbra - Centro Hospitalar e Universitário de Coimbra, E.P.E. We evaluated the entire sample and considered group 1 (with spontaneous puberty and menarche) and group 2 (without spontaneous puberty). Parameters assessed: age at initial study, puberty (Tanner stages), karyotype, FSH, pelvic ultrasound (initial and after puberty), diagnostic laparoscopy and pubertal induction. Statistical Program: SPSS (20.0). Results: Global sample: 79 patients, 14.7 ± 6.6 years. No pubertal signs in 57.1%; 67.1% with primary amenorrhea and 6.6% with secondary amenorrhea. Karyotype: X monosomy-37.2%, mosaicism-37.2%, X structural changes-25.6%. Median FSH of 59.5 mIU/mL. Initial ultrasound: normal uterus 34.2%, atrophic uterus 65.8%; normal ovaries 21.6%, atrophic ovaries 78.4%, ovarian follicles in 5.1%. Post-puberty ultrasound: normal uterus 67.9%, atrophic uterus 32.1%; normal ovaries 36.4%, atrophic ovaries 63.6%. Laparoscopy was performed in 16 (20.3%) patients, confirming the sonographic findings. Only two women with induced puberty became pregnant: one spontaneously, interrupted; another by donated oocytes, normal outcome. Group 1 (with spontaneous puberty and menarche): 20 (25.3%) patients, 16.1 ± 8.9 years. Tanner at baseline: M1-22.2%, M2-33.3%, M3-16.7%, M4-16.7%, M5-11.1%. Karyotype: mosaicism-65%, X structural changes-20%, X monosomy-15%. Median FSH of 7 mUI/mL. Initial ultrasound: normal uterus-72.2%, atrophic uterus 27.8%; normal ovaries 63.2%, atrophic ovaries 36.8%. Post-puberty ultrasound: normal uterus 100%; normal ovaries 72.7%, atrophic ovaries 27.3%. Group 2 (without spontaneous puberty): 59 (74.7%) patients, 14.0 ± 5.5 years. Tanner at baseline: M1-69.2%, M2-13.5%, M3-5.8%, M4-3.8%, M5-7.7%. Karyotype: X monosomy-43.9%, X structural changes-28.1% mosaicism-28.1%. Median FSH of 74 mUI/mL. Initial ultrasound: normal uterus 20.4%, atrophic uterus 79.6%; normal ovaries 7.4%, atrophic ovaries 92.6%. Post-puberty ultrasound: normal uterus 60.0%, atrophic uterus 40.0%; normal ovaries 27.3%, atrophic ovaries 72.7%. Pubertal induction at 16.1 ± 4.1 years, with bone age of 12.7 ± 1.6 years. Groups 1 and 2 differ significantly in karyotype (p = 0.010), median FSH (p < 0.001), and uterine and ovarian dimensions (p < 0.001). Conclusions: Most patients had gonadal dysfunction and needed pubertal induction. Spontaneous puberty with menarche occurred in 25.3% of patients (predominantly mosaics). 43.9% of patients with pubertal induction had X monosomy. These patients fertility is compromised and, in some cases, we should refer to assisted reproductive specialist for pregnancy or fertility preservation. © Ordem dos Médicos 2013. ER  - 
Associations between two single nucleotide polymorphisms of the adiponectin gene, its circulating concentrations and cardiometabolic risk factors in prepubertal children with and without abdominal obesity; Background: The adiponectin gene has been identified as a susceptibility locus for metabolic syndrome, diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Aim: To examine the influence of two single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) of this gene (+276G>T and +45T>G) on circulating adiponectin concentrations, and to evaluate their relationship with adiposity and cardiometabolic risk factors in prepubertal children with and without abdominal obesity. Material and methods: 168 children (78M, 6-10 yr) were examined, divided into three groups based on waist circumference (WC). Auxological and biochemical parameters were measured by standard procedures. Adiponectin SNPs were genotyped using TaqMan allelic discrimination assays. Results: Adiponectin concentration correlated inversely with measures of adiposity (rBMIz-score=-0.211, pBMIz-score=0.007; rwc=-0.210, pwc=0.008; rwc/height=-0.215, pwc/height=0.006), and was significantly influenced by blood glucose, insulin and systolic blood pressure (SBP). The +276T-allele carriers had higher SBP and diastolic BP compared to GG-homozygotes (p<0.05), and expressed higher obesity-related measures and lower adiponectin concentrations. As to the +45T>G SNP, the GG-subject had higher total cholesterol and LDL-C concentrations compared to the T-allele carriers (p<0.05), showing worse obesity measures, higher triglyceride, glucose and insulin and lower serum adiponectin values. Conclusion: Genetic variants of the adiponectin gene had an impact on adiposity, adiponectin concentrations and some cardiometabolic variables among prepubertal children. ©2013, Editrice Kurtis. ER  - 
Disturbed eating behavior and omission of insulin in adolescents receiving intensified insulin treatment: A nationwide population-based study; OBJECTIVE-To establish the prevalence of disturbed eating behavior (DEB) and insulin omission among adolescents with type 1 diabetes using intensive insulin treatment in a nationwide population-based study. RESEARCH DESIGN ANDMETHODSdThe Diabetes Eating Problem Survey-Revised (DEPS-R) is a diabetes-specific screening tool for DEB. Clinical data and HbA1c were obtained from the Norwegian Childhood Diabetes Registry. RESULTS-A total of 770 children and adolescents 11-19 years of age with type 1 diabetes completed the DEPS-R. A total of 27.7% of the females and 8.6% of the males scored above the DEPS-R cutoff. Participants scoring above the cutoff had significantly higher HbA1c (9.2% [77 mmol/mol]; SD, 1.6) than participants scoring below the cutoff (8.4% [68 mmol/mol]; SD, 1.3; P<0.001). The prevalence of DEB increased significantly with age and weight, from7.2%in the underweight group to 32.7% in the obese group, and from 8.1% in the youngest age-group (11- 13 years) to 38.1% in the oldest age-group (17-19 years). A total of 31.6% of the participants reported insulin restriction and 6.9% reported insulin omission after overeating. Patients reporting insulin restriction had significantly higher HbA1c (9.0% [75 mmol/mol]; SD, 1.7) than nonrestrictors (8.3% [67 mmol/mol]; SD, 1.2; P < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS-One-fourth of girls with type 1 diabetes scored above the cutoff for DEB and one-third reported skipping their insulin dose entirely at least occasionally after overeating. Both DEB and insulin restriction were associated with poorer metabolic control, which may increase the risk of serious late diabetes complications. © 2013 by the American Diabetes Association. ER  - 
Age at menarche and type 2 diabetes risk: The EPIC-InterAct study; OBJECTIVE-Younger age at menarche, a marker of pubertal timing in girls, is associated with higher risk of later type 2 diabetes.We aimed to confirmthis association and to examine whether it is explained by adiposity. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODSdThe prospective European Prospective Investigation into Cancer andNutrition (EPIC)-InterAct case-cohort study consists of 12,403 incident type 2 diabetes cases and a stratified subcohort of 16,154 individuals from26 research centers across eight European countries.We tested the association between age at menarche and incident type 2 diabetes using Prentice-weighted Cox regression in 15,168 women (n = 5,995 cases). Models were adjusted in a sequential manner for potential confounding and mediating factors, including adult BMI. RESULTS-Mean menarcheal age ranged from 12.6 to 13.6 years across InterAct countries. Each year latermenarche was associated with 0.32 kg/m2 lower adult BMI. Women in the earliest menarche quintile (8-11 years, n = 2,418) had 70%higher incidence of type 2 diabetes compared with those in the middle quintile (13 years, n = 3,634), adjusting for age at recruitment, research center, and a range of lifestyle and reproductive factors (hazard ratio [HR], 1.70; 95% CI, 1.49- 1.94; P < 0.001). Adjustment for BMI partially attenuated this association (HR, 1.42; 95% CI, 1.18-1.71; P < 0.001). Later menarche beyond the median age was not protective against type 2 diabetes. CONCLUSIONS-Women with history of earlymenarche have higher risk of type 2 diabetes in adulthood. Less than half of this association appears to be mediated by higher adult BMI, suggesting that early pubertal development also may directly increase type 2 diabetes risk. © 2013 by the American Diabetes Association. ER  - 
Temporal relationship between insulin sensitivity and the pubertal decline in physical activity in peripubertal Hispanic and African American females; OBJECTIVE-Little attention has been paid to possible intrinsic biologicalmechanisms for the decline in physical activity that occurs during puberty. This longitudinal observational study examined the association between baseline insulin sensitivity (SI) and declines in physical activity and increases in sedentary behavior in peripubertal minority females over a year. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS-Participants were Hispanic and African American girls (n = 55; 76% Hispanic; mean age 9.4 years; 36% obese). SI and other insulin indices were measured at baseline using the frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test. Physical activity was measured on a quarterly basis by accelerometry and self-report. RESULTS-Physical activity declined by 25% and time spent in sedentary behaviors increased by ~13% over 1 year. Lower baseline SI predicted the decline in physical activity measured by accelerometry, whereas higher baseline acute insulin response to glucose predicted the decline in physical activity measured by self-report. Time spent in sedentary behavior increased by ~13% over 1 year, and this was predicted by lower baseline SI. All models controlled for adiposity, age, pubertal stage, and ethnicity. CONCLUSIONS-When evaluated using a longitudinal design with strong outcome measures, this study suggests that lower baseline SI predicts a greater decline in physical activity in peripubertal minority females. © 2013 by the American Diabetes Association. ER  - 
Association of selected medical conditions with breast cancer risk in Korea; Objectives: To estimate the effect of medical conditions in the population of Korea on breast cancer risk in a case-control study. Methods: The cases were 3242 women with incident, histologically confirmed breast cancer in two major hospitals interviewed between 2001 and 2007. The controls were 1818 women each admitted to either of those two hospitals for a variety of non-neoplastic conditions. Information on each disease was obtained from a standardized questionnaire by trained personnel. Odds ratios (ORs) for each disease were derived from multiple logistic regression adjusted for age, age of menarche, pregnancy, age of first pregnancy, and family history of breast cancer. Results: Among all of the incident breast cancer patients, pre-existing diabetes (OR, 1.33; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.99 to 1.78), hypertension (OR, 1.46; 95% CI, 1.18 to 1.83), thyroid diseases (OR, 1.26; 95% CI, 1.00 to 1.58), and ovarian diseases (OR, 1.70; 95% CI, 1.23 to 2.35) were associated with an increased risk of breast cancer when other factors were adjusted for. In a stratified analysis by menopausal status, pre-existing hypertension (pre-menopause OR, 0.80; 95% CI, 0.48 to 1.34 vs. post-menopause OR, 1.87; 95% CI, 1.44 to 2.43; p-heterogeneity <0.01) and ovarian disease (pre-menopause OR, 4.20; 95% CI, 1.91 to 9.24 vs. post-menopause OR, 1.39; 95% CI, 1.02 to 1.91; p-heterogeneity 0.01) showed significantly different risks of breast cancer.Conclusions: Our results suggest the possibility that medical conditions such as hypertension affect breast cancer development, and that this can differ by menopausal status. Our study also indicates a possible correlation between ovarian diseases and breast cancer risk. Copyright © 2013 The Korean Society for Preventive Medicine. ER  - 
Body mass index and waist circumference: Relationship to cardiometabolic risk factors in children - Busselton Health Study 2005-2007; Aim This study aims to analyse the continuous relationship of each cardiometabolic risk factor with body mass index (BMI) and waist circumference percentiles in a population-based sample of children. Methods A cross-sectional sample of 996 school children aged 6-16.9 years in Busselton, Western Australia, (2005-2007) had anthropometry and fasting blood tests for total cholesterol, high density lipoprotein, low density lipoprotein, triglycerides, glucose, insulin, high-sensitive C-reactive protein, liver function tests and adiponectin. Age- and menarche (for girls)-adjusted means of each risk factor were related to BMI and waist circumference centiles across the full normal-overweight-obese range. Results The correlations between BMI and waist circumference (boys 0.91 and girls 0.91) and between BMI z-score and waist z-score (boys 0.80 and girls 0.82) were high. An increase in insulin across all centile groups (for BMI and waist circumference) was found in both sexes. An increase was found for diastolic blood pressure and systolic blood pressure z-score, high density lipoprotein, high-sensitive C-reactive protein, alanine transaminase and gamma-glutamyltransferase in only the centile groups >85% for BMI and waist circumference for both sexes. Mixed and sex-discordant results were found for triglycerides, adiponectin and glucose. Conclusion There are important differences in the relationships between increasing BMI/adiposity, and each comorbidity and these relationships can differ between boys and girls. This information has implications for screening and management of adiposity-related cardiometabolic risk factors in children and for public health initiatives to reduce future burden of cardiovascular disease. © 2013 Paediatrics and Child Health Division (Royal Australasian College of Physicians). ER  - 
Early and late menarche are associated with oligomenorrhea and predict metabolic syndrome 26 years later; Objective We determined whether simple, clinical information on late and early menarche could help identify adult women with metabolic syndrome (MetS) and oligomenorrhea. Materials/Methods We carried out a 26-year prospective follow-up of 272 suburban schoolgirls from ages 5-22 to 30-46. Results Early menarche (≤ 10 years, 5.2% of girls) and late menarche (≥ 16 years, 6.7% of girls) were both associated with oligomenorrhea (≥ 42 days) in adulthood, 29% and 11%, vs. 5% for normal menarche (11-15 years), p =.004. Early menarche was characterized by high childhood BMI (LS mean ± SE: 21.2 ± 1.0 kg/m2) and by high childhood and adult MetS (15%, 36%). Girls with late menarche had the lowest childhood BMI (18.1 ± 1.0), no childhood MetS, and the highest adult MetS (47%). Increasing age at menarche was associated with uniformly decreasing childhood BMI and MetS, but with a U-shaped pattern of BMI (p =.05), MetS (p =.008), and oligomenorrhea (p =.02) in adulthood. Change to MetS from median ages 13 to 38 was associated with early-late menarche (OR = 3.11, 95% CI 1.37-7.07, p =.007). MetS in adulthood was associated with childhood MetS (OR = 8.03, 95% CI 2.57-25.08, p =.0003) and with early-late menarche (OR = 3.43, 95% CI 1.44-8.15, p =.005). Conclusions Menarche age had a curvilinear ('U' shaped) relationship with MetS and oligomenorrhea in adulthood. Late menarche and early menarche are risk factors for adult oligomenorrhea, MetS, and cardiometabolic abnormalities. Girls with early (≤ age 10) and with late menarche (≥ 16) represent a group at high risk for adult cardiometabolic abnormalities and oligomenorrhea that is easily identifiable by physicians. © 2013 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Occurrence of microalbuminuria among children and adolescents with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Microalbuminuria precedes the onset of diabetic nephropathy in insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) pediatric patients. Its prevention is among the most important challenges in managing IDDM. We attempted to determine the occurrence of microalbuminuria among IDDM Saudi children and adolescents and its associated risk factors. This is a retrospective cross-sectional study conducted on 409 IDDM children and adolescents attending the pediatric clinic at King Abdul-Aziz University Hospital from 2006 to 2010. Their ages ranged from 1 to 18 years and the mean ± standard deviation (mean ± SD) was 12.3 ± 4.1 years. Twenty-four-hour urinary albumin excretion (on two separate occasions or more, 3 - 6 months apart each), HbA1c, duration of IDDM, Tanner staging and body mass index (BMI) were reviewed. Prevalence of microalbuminuria in our cohort was 11.3%. IDDM duration was ≥2 years in 55.8% of our patients; of them, 15.6% had microalbuminuria while 45.2% had IDDM duration <2 years (6% had microalbuminuria) (P <0.01). The prevalence of microalbuminuria was higher among the post-pubertal subjects (50%) than that among the pre-pubertal (8.7%) and pubertal (41.5%) subjects. Furthermore, microalbuminuria was present in 16.7% of those with elevated blood pressure, but only in 8.5% among those with normal blood pressure (P <0.05). The enrolled overweight and obese subjects showed a higher prevalence of microalbuminuria (14%) when compared with that among those with a normal BMI (6.6%) (P <0.05). In our cohort, duration of IDDM, pubertal status, hypertension and BMI affected the prevalence of microalbuminuria. Annual screening for microalbuminuria in IDDM children and adolescents is imperative. ER  - 
Occurrence of microalbuminuria among children and adolescents with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus; Microalbuminuria precedes the onset of diabetic nephropathy in insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) pediatric patients. Its prevention is among the most important challenges in managing IDDM. We attempted to determine the occurrence of microalbuminuria among IDDM Saudi children and adolescents and its associated risk factors. This is a retrospective cross-sectional study conducted on 409 IDDM children and adolescents attending the pediatric clinic at King Abdul-Aziz University Hospital from 2006 to 2010. Their ages ranged from 1 to 18 years and the mean ± standard deviation (mean ± SD) was 12.3 ± 4.1 years. Twenty-four-hour urinary albumin excretion (on two separate occasions or more, 3 - 6 months apart each), HbA1c, duration of IDDM, Tanner staging and body mass index (BMI) were reviewed. Prevalence of microalbuminuria in our cohort was 11.3%. IDDM duration was ≥2 years in 55.8% of our patients; of them, 15.6% had microalbuminuria while 45.2% had IDDM duration <2 years (6% had microalbuminuria) (P <0.01). The prevalence of microalbuminuria was higher among the post-pubertal subjects (50%) than that among the pre-pubertal (8.7%) and pubertal (41.5%) subjects. Furthermore, microalbuminuria was present in 16.7% of those with elevated blood pressure, but only in 8.5% among those with normal blood pressure (P <0.05). The enrolled overweight and obese subjects showed a higher prevalence of microalbuminuria (14%) when compared with that among those with a normal BMI (6.6%) (P <0.05). In our cohort, duration of IDDM, pubertal status, hypertension and BMI affected the prevalence of microalbuminuria. Annual screening for microalbuminuria in IDDM children and adolescents is imperative. ER  - 
Long term efficacy of iron chelation therapy with deferasirox on endocrine function in thalassemia major; Although the heart and liver have traditionally been the organs of interest for iron-related complications in Thalassemia Major (TM), endocrine disorders are common and carry significant morbidity. This is thought to result from iron accumulation in multiple organs functioning as part of endocrine systems. Deferasirox chelation therapy is well tolerated in TM and reduces iron burden effectively in the heart and liver. The impact of deferasirox on endocrine parameters remains unclear. The aim of this study was to examine the long-term efficacy of deferasirox for both the prevention of endocrine dysfunction in patients free of endocrine complications, and in improving endocrine parameters in those with pre-existing endocrine disorders. This was a multicentre retrospective cohort study of TM patients over 2 years of age receiving chelation treatment with once daily oral deferasirox monotherapy. Data on relevant clinical and laboratory parameters, including glycaemia, bone mineral density (BMD) z-scores, and testing of the pituitary, gonadal, thyroid and adrenal axes were collected at baseline and follow-up. Dosing regimens were titrated according to standard practice and only patients treated for at least 3 years were included in the present analysis. Data are presented as mean with standard deviation unless otherwise stated. Statistical comparisons were made using paired t-tests for continuous data, and chi-square test or Fisher's exact test to compare categorical data distributions. A total of 72 patients (69% female) with a mean age 26 ± 15 years were included. Mean duration of exposure to deferasirox was 6.9 ± 2.7 years with a mean daily dose of 25 ± 5 mg/kg. Myocardial T2∗ significantly increased from baseline to follow up (29.30 ± 10.29ms vs. 33.5 ± 13.06ms, P=0.01), signifying effective removal of iron from the heart. Among patients free of thyroid dysfunction at baseline, we observed no significant difference in mean TSH (2.10 ± 1.00 mi/u/ml vs. 2.28 ± 1.06 mi/u/ml, P=0.23 ), FT4 (6.89 ± 4.50 ng/ml vs. 7.10 ± 4.71 ng/ml, P=0.34) or FT3 (2.87 ± 1.16 pg/ml vs. 3.00 ± 0.58 pg/ml, P=0.35) during the study period. Of 9 patients with biochemical hypothyroidism at baseline, including 4 receiving thyroxine, we observed no significant change in thyroid function tests or thyroxine requirements. Two new incidences of subclinical hypothyroidism were noted. Among patients free of diabetes mellitus at baseline, we observed no significant variation in blood glucose measurements (pooled over 3 consecutive readings) at the end of treatment (88.62 ± 10.53 mg/dl vs. 88.36 ± 9.35 mg/dl, P=0.83). There was 1 incidence of type 2 diabetes during the study period. No significant difference was seen in blood sugar control or insulin requirements between baseline and end of treatment in patients with type 1 diabetes. Excluding normal pre-pubertal paediatric patients, there was no significant increase in the prevalence of hypogonadism between baseline and the end of study, 21 patients (38%) vs. 24 (44%) were diagnosed with hypogonadism respectively (P=0.56). Biochemical indices of bone metabolism showed no significant difference in calcium levels or vitamin D from baseline to follow up. BMD was improved from baseline to follow-up, with normal Z scores in 7 (20%) patients, 20 (57%) osteopenic, and 8 (23%) osteoporotic, compared with 7 (20%), 24 (69%), and 4 (11%) at end of treatment, respectively. Adverse effects were infrequent and of low grade, effecting 7 (9.7%) patients. Endocrine disorders are common sequelae of iron overload in patients with TM, and follow an insidious course of progressive dysfunction. We report infrequent development and progression of endocrine abnormalities, and significant improvement in bone density in TM patients treated with deferasirox over a 7-year follow-up period. In comparison with the incidence of complications from other studies of TM, deferasirox appears effective in reducing risk of developing endocrine disorders. Increasing myocardial T2∗ values confirmed effective removal of iron from the heart. Although multiple biological pathways are likely responsible, reduction in global iron alleviating siderosis of endocrine organs may be responsible for preserved function and bone mineral metabolism. Our study suggests that chelation therapy with deferasirox may prevent endocrine complications in patients with TM and prevent progression in those with established abnormalities. ER  - 
Do patients with celiac disease patients differ from those with concurrent celiac disease with type 1 diabetes mellitus?; Background and objectives: Celiac disease (CD) and type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) share common genetic loci. Patients with T1DM developing CD may remain asymptomatic and some of the common symptoms of CD may be considered as part of the chronic complications of diabetes like gastrointestinal intolerance, diarrhea, nocturnal diarrhea, alternate diarrhea and constipation. There are no reports on comparison of presenting features of patients with CD and those with CD and T1DM together. The present study was planned to compare clinical, biochemical and hormonal profile of patients of CD and CD with T1DM. Patients and methods: Consecutive CD patients with and without T1DM ≤ 20 years seen by us were evaluated clinically and underwent thyroid, gonadal function tests (where applicable) and serum cortisol, besides routine hemogram and biochemical tests. Patients were subjected to screening for CD by anti tissue transglutaminase antibodies (tTGAb) and those positive were subjected to endoscopy of descending part of the duodenum, and 3 biopsies were taken. Histological interpretation was done by an experienced pathologist and recorded as per modified Marsh classification [1]. Patients were diagnosed to have CD as per modified ESPGHAN criteria [2] and T1DM as per ADA position statement [3]. All patients received gluten free diet (Table Presented) (GFD) and/or diabetic diet. Patients with CD alone (group A) were compared with those having CD with T1DM (Group B). Results: 109 patients (57 males) with mean age of 14.9±2.9 year fulfilled the eligibility criteria. 23 (21.1%) had T1DM and CD while CD alone was present in 86 subjects. The age at diagnosis of CD was younger (11.5±4.6 vs 13.8 ± 3.4 yr; p<0.05) and the lag period between symptoms and diagnosis of CD was shorter (20.2 ± 31.8 vs 56.1 ± 42.4 months; p<0.05) in those with Group B. Detailed clinical features of patients in two groups are given in Table 1 and laboratory parameters are enumerated in Table 2. Comparing the clinical features in between groups, short stature (87% versus 40.9%, p < 0.0001), anemia (80.9% versus 45%, p<0.001) and delayed puberty (61.9% versus 29.4%, p<0.014) were significantly more common in the Group A. However, diarrhea, constipation and weight loss were comparable in both the groups. Conclusions: Present study suggests that patients with celiac disease alone are more symptomatic and associated with more biochemical abnormalities compared to those with celiac disease and T1DM. It will be worthwhile to plan a prospective study with long duration of follow up and more number of patients in both groups to further validate the results. ER  - 
Illustration of children's blood pressure in diabetes mellitus type 1 in Indonesia; Background: One of the long-term complications of diabetes mellitus type 1 (DM type 1) in children is diabetic nephropathy. Diabetes longstanding suffered and pubertal status are the influencing factors which make the complications come up to the surface. Diabetic nephropathy case will be accompanied by increasing of blood pressure symptoms. Objective: To detect the illustration of childrens blood pressure in DM type 1 base on their age, sex, longstanding suffered, and the latest level of HbA1c. Methods: A retrospective observational studies on national registered of DM type 1 at pediatric endocrinology chapter to 2010. Age, sex, longstanding suffered, the latest level of HbA1c, systolic blood pressure (SBP) and dyastolic (DBP) are variables which has been researched. Result: Starting at 177 children suffered by DM type 1,118 (66.7%) are girls and 59 (33.3%) are boys. The average age when they got diagnose for the first time is 11,8 years old. Only one girl (0.6%) who suffered DM type 1 more than 5 years, has SBP and DBP > percentile 95, There is no any significant correlation with the others. Conclusion: Most of the childrens blood pressure in DM type 1 are still normal. In this research, a girl who being suffered in DM type 1 with hypertension (> 95th percentile) has been being suffered more than 5 years. It needs doing blood pressure measurement regularly, for screening the diabetic nephropathy, if s microalbumin examination has not been done yet. ER  - 
Endocrinopathies in Thalassemia major patients in Thalassemia Center Jakarta, Indonesia; Background: Regular transfusion in thalassemia major patients increases life expectancy and improves quality of life, but results in iron overload, which had toxic effects to organs including endocrine glands. The introduction of iron chelation therapy has reduced its toxicity, but complications may still occur. In Indonesia, most of our patients did not receive optimal iron chelation therapy, which might result in higher prevalence of endocrine complications. Aims: To find out the endocrinopathies profile in thalassemia major patients in Thalassemia Center Jakarta. Methods: This was a retrospective study based on the registry database in Thalassemia Center, Jakarta. We included patients who diagnosed as thalassemia major with complete data on glucose metabolism, thyroid function, pituitary-gonadal axis, bone profile, bone age, and serum ferritin level. We analyzed the association between ferritin level, chelation therapy and type of thalassemia with endocrine profile using chi-square with the significant value of 0.05. Results: Complete data on endocrine profile were found in 67 subjects (31 boys, 36 girls), 23 (34%) were diagnosed as b-thalassemia homozygote and the rest as b-thalassemia/HbE. The mean age was 16.7± 5.8 years. Most of the patients (63%) received iron chelation therapy with desferrioxamine followed by deferiprone (20%) and only two patients have not taken any iron chelation therapy yet. Short stature was found in 65% of subjects, while 20% of subjects suffered from delayed puberty, 41% had hypothyroidism, and 29% had retarded bone age. None of them was diagnosed as DM or IGT, but one diagnosed as IFG. Hypocalcemia was found in 27% subjects. Subjects with serum ferritin level ≥ 2,500 ng/mL had increased risk to develop hypothyroidism, hypocalcemia and hyperphosphatemia, even though not statistically significant (p=0.58, p=0.08, respectively). Serum ferritin level also not associated with short stature and delayed puberty. Subjects with thalassemia beta-major had increased risk to develop hypothyroidism (p=0.036), but no differences found in the prevalence of short stature, delayed puberty, hypocalcemia, and hypophosphatemia (p0.17, p=0.91, p=0.60, respectively). The frequency of transfusion per year and type of chelation therapy did not influence the endocrine profiles. Conclusions: This study showed that the prevalence of short stature among thalassemia patients is higher in Thalassemia Center Jakarta, while the risk to develop impaired glucose metabolism is lower, despite of poor compliance in iron chelation therapy. The risk to develop hypothyroidism, delayed puberty, and hypoparathyroidism were comparable to other studies.. ER  - 
Elevated remnant lipoproteins may increase subclinical CVD risk in pre-pubertal children with obesity: A case-control study; Objectives: Current clinical guidelines to assess paediatric cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk heavily rely on cholesterol parameters that are generally normal for obese children. Remnant lipoproteins have emerged as a critical CVD risk factor particularly in adults with normolipidemia. We assessed remnant lipoprotein concentration (measured by apolipoprotein [apo] B48) and its relationship with other traditional CVD risk biomarkers in pre-pubertal children with obesity. Methods: Pre-pubertal children (n = 78) with obesity (n = 39, 9.9 ± 0.3 years old) as well as sex-matched normal-weight controls (n = 39, 9.8 ± 0.3 years) were assessed for anthropometry, blood pressure and fasting plasma biochemical parameters for remnant lipoprotein, lipid and glucose/insulin metabolism, and inflammatory status. Results: Children with obesity had striking 2-fold higher apoB48-containing remnant lipoproteins concentrations relative to normal-weight peers; the magnitude of elevation in the remnant lipoproteins is comparable to the levels previously reported for adults with established CVD and type-2 diabetes. Fasting apoB48 was positively correlated with fasting triglyceride concentration in children with obesity (r = 0.51, P <?0.001) and their normal-weight peers (r = 0.45, P <?0.01). Traditional CVD biomarkers including low-density lipoprotein cholesterol showed no difference between groups and remained within the normal range for a paediatric population. Conclusion: Elevated apoB48-containing remnant lipoprotein is a stronger biomarker for paediatric CVD risk compared to traditional cholesterol parameters and may be associated with early adaptation of the intestine during obesity. Further investigation of abnormalities associated with the secretion and/or clearance of atherogenic remnant lipoproteins during the postprandial state may yield insight into our understanding of and therapeutic targets for managing risk for CVD in children with obesity. © 2012 The Authors. ER  - 
Changes in circulating MicroRNAs are associated with childhood obesity; Context: Circulating microRNAs (miRNAs) are valuable biomarkers of metabolic diseases and potential therapeutic targets in this field. Objective: Our objective was to define the circulating pattern of miRNAs in childhood obesity. Design, Settings, and Main Outcome Measure: The genome-wide circulating miRNA profile was assessed by RT-PCR in 10 boys (5 lean and 5 obese children). The most relevant miRNAs were cross-sectionally validated in 85 lean versus 40 obese children (63 boys and 62 girls) and longitudinally evaluated in samples from the same children when they were ∼7 and ∼10 years old (23 boys and 22 girls). Results: The cross-sectional validation study disclosed that 15 specific circulating miRNAs were significantly deregulated in prepubertal obesity, including the decreased miR-221 and miR-28-3p and increased concentrations in plasma of miR-486-5p, miR-486-3p, miR-142-3p, miR-130b, and miR-423-5p (all P <.0001). The circulating concentration of these miRNAs was significantly associated with body mass index and other measures of obesity such as percent fat mass, waist, regional fat distribution and with laboratory parameters such as homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance, high-molecular-weight adiponectin, C-reactive protein, and circulating lipids in concordance with anthropometric associations. Plasma concentrations of 10 of these circulating miRNAs changed significantly and differently during the 3-year follow-up in children who increased or decreased their normalized weight. Conclusion: This study provides the first evidence that circulating miRNAs are deregulated in prepubertal obese children. Thus, the very early detection of an abnormal circulating miRNA profile may be a promising strategy to identify obese children who may suffer from metabolic abnormalities. Copyright © 2013 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Tamoxifen therapy for the management of pubertal gynecomastia: A systematic review; Objective: A systematic review to assess the efficacy of tamoxifen in the management of idiopathic pubertal gynecomastia. Data sources: Searches were conducted using the databases of Medline (search engine PubMed) and Web of Science®. Study selection: Studies reporting the use of Tamoxifen for the treatment of gynecomastia in adolescents. Outcome measure: Resolution of gynecomastia. Results: A total of 164 publications were found; 59 were selected for retrieval and six were included in the review. There were no randomized controlled studies; the studies found have methodological flaws but show promising results. No clinical side-effects were reported or observed. Conclusion: Tamoxifen may be effective for the treatment of pubertal gynecomastia, and it seems safe to use. Randomized controlled studies are necessary to confirm this indication. ER  - 
Residual β-cell mass influences growth of prepubertal children with type 1 diabetes; Background: The growth deceleration observed in children with type 1 diabetes (T1D) has been related to poor glycemic control. It is unclear whether growth impairment persists despite the optimization of therapy. We analyzed the effects of intensive insulin treatment on prepubertal growth. Methods: One hundred and four T1D children were evaluated from T1D diagnosis up to puberty onset. Height, weight, insulin requirement and glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) were recorded at 3- to 6-month intervals. Residual β-cell mass was estimated by fasting C-peptide at T1D onset. Results: Age at T1D onset was 5.91 ± 1.9 years. Follow-up duration was 4.84 ± 1.58 years. Height velocity standard deviation score (SDS) was -0.14 ± 1.84. Height SDS changed from 0.52 ± 1.04 at T1D onset, to 0.36 ± 1.10 at the end of follow-up (p = 0.04). BMI SDS increased from -0.04 ± 1.48 to 0.32 ± 1.03 (p = 0.01). Multivariate analysis showed that height velocity was directly affected by C-peptide (p = 0.03) and insulin requirement (p = 0.004) and inversely related to HbA1c (p = 0.006). BMI gain was negatively influenced by HbA1c (p = 0.01) and positively related to T1D duration (p = 0.01). Conclusion: Despite insulin intensive therapy, T1D still negatively affects growth. Residual β-cell mass has a direct positive impact on growth, independently from the quality of glycemic control. Copyright © 2013 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Latency of intracranial germ cell tumors and diagnosis delay; Background: Intracranial germ cell tumors (GCTs) frequently take an insidious clinical course before diagnosis. To date, clinical latency has been discussed in the context of germinoma in the suprasellar area and basal ganglia. Objective: In this study, we classified the clinical latency of intracranial GCTs into three categories and described their characteristics in order to understand the full spectrum of the phenomenon. Methods: In a cohort of 181 patients with intracranial GCTs, 17 patients had a delayed diagnosis of more than 3 months (90 days) from the initial brain magnetic resonance imaging to the definitive GCT diagnosis. Clinical records and radiological data of the patients were reviewed. Results: The patients with a delayed diagnosis were categorized into three groups according to their tumor location: suprasellar (nine patients), basal ganglia (six patients), and pineal (two patients). Initial symptomatology corresponded with the tumor location: central diabetes insipidus for the suprasellar group, hemiparesis for the basal ganglia group, and precocious puberty for the pineal group. The overall survival of patients with germinoma and delayed diagnosis was significantly shorter than that of patients who were diagnosed within 3 months (P = 0.002). Conclusions: Clinical latency and delayed diagnosis are not restricted to germinomas in the suprasellar area and basal ganglia; they are canonical features of intracranial GCTs including pineal non-germinomatous GCTs. Early detection and proactive diagnosis of these tumors are required because diagnosis delay may negatively influence patient survival. © 2013 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg. ER  - 
Lack of association of homocysteine concentrations with oxidative stress, alterations in carotid intima media thickness and endothelial reactivity in prepubertal children; Background and Aims: Our purpose was to assess the presence of risk factors for cardiovascular diseases (alterations in the lipid profile, fasting glycaemia, high arterial pressure values, oxidative stress, increased intima media thickness and impaired endothelium-dependent vasodilation) in prepubertal children with elevated homocysteine (Hcy) levels. Methods: In a cross-sectional study, 35 children with Hcy levels ≥7.3 μmol/l were matched by gender and age with 29 children with Hcy levels ≤4.1 μmol/l. Our collected data included weight, height, waist circumference, systemic arterial pressure, lipid profile, fasting glycaemia and oxidative stress markers. A Doppler ultrasound was performed to measure the carotid intima media thickness and the endothelium-dependent vasodilation of the brachial artery. Results: There were no statistically significant differences between the groups regarding the lipid profile and fasting glycaemia, blood pressure or oxidative stress. Overweight and obesity (body mass index z-score > +1) were more frequent in the group with Hcy ≥7.3 μmol/l when compared to the group with Hcy ≤4.1 μmol/l [13/35 (37.1%) vs. 4/29 (13.8%); p = 0.035]. After adjusting for nutritional status, there were no differences in the intima media thickness and endothelium-dependent vasodilation between children with high and low Hcy levels. Conclusions: Among the cardiovascular risk factors investigated in the present study, which was based on prepubertal children, only overweight and obesity were associated with increased Hcy concentrations (≥7.3 μmol/l). Copyright © 2013 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Leptin, vitamin D and cardiorespiratory fitness as risk factors for insulin resistance in european adolescents; sex-differences in the helena study; Background and objectives: The number of risk factors for insulin resistance increased in the last decade and Vitamin D emerged as pleiotropic regulator of many cells. We sought to identify the relevance of a complete set of risk factors for insulin resistance in adolescents from Europe and to consider their possible gender-specific associations. Methods: The Healthy Lifestyle in Europe by Nutrition in Adolescence Cross-Sectional Study (HELENA-CSS) was conducted in European adolescents aged 12.5 to 17.5 years from nine countries. A total of 1053 participants with valid body mass index (BMI) homeostasis model assessment (HOMA) index data were included in the study. HOMA was used as marker of insulin resistance. Three markers of body fat were used based on anthropometric measurements. A dietary index was calculated and total energy intake estimated from questionnaire. C-reactive protein, leptin and vitamin D were assessed and physical activity, cardiorespiratory fitness and muscular strength were measured. Center, socioeconomic status, pubertal status and season were controlled. Results: In males, leptin was the only risk factor for insulin resistance after adjusting for confounders including markers of body fat (Odds ratios; ORs from 1.49 to 1.60). In females, leptin, vitamin D, and cardiorespiratory fitness were the remaining independent risk factors for insulin resistance after adjustments (ORs 2.11, CI. 1.29 to 3.45; 0.50, CI. 0.31 to 0.80; and 0.54, CI. 0.33 to 0.87, respectively). Conclusions: Our observations suggest a gender dimorphism in the identification of risk factors for high insulin resistance. Preventive strategies should focus, in addition to control leptin level, on improving modifiable factors such as cardiorespiratory fitness and ensuring vitamin D sufficiency. Randomized control trials are necessary to warrantee their efficacy. ER  - 
Metabolic syndrome prevalence in chilean children according to three different criteria and its agreement with insulin resistance; Background and objectives: There is not a consensus in Metabolic Syndrome (MS) definition for children and adolescents, although its prevalence is increasing. The aim of the present study was to compare the prevalence of MS according to three diagnostic criteria for children and adolescents and to study the agreement with insulin resistance (IR). Methods: Cross-sectional study (2009-2011) of 3325 students, 10-15 years old, from schools in Puente Alto County, Santiago, Chile. Anthropometry was performed, measuring blood pressure (BP) and in a fast blood sample: glicemia, insulin, blood lipids. We calculated HOMA-IR (Homeostasis Model Assessment index); values >90th percentile of a normal sub-sample were considered as IR. We compared three criteria of MS: International Diabetes Federation (IDF), Cook S. and De Ferranti S. They define different cut-offs for the five components of MS (waist circumference, triglycerides, HDLCholesterol, blood pressure and glicemia) having abnormal at least three of them. Results: Prevalence of MS was 3.82% for IDF, 7.25% for Cook and 20.48% for de Ferranti criterion (Cochran Q-test, p<0.001). In total 859 subjects were IR (25.8%). 73.2% and 69.7% of the children diagnosed with MS according the first two criteria had IR in but only 52.7% according to the third one (Predictive Positive Values: PPV). To predict IR, each criterion had ROC-AUC of 0.60, 0.62 and 0.67 respectively (adjusted for sex and puberty). IR predicted the presence of MS according the different criteria with PPV of 10.8%, 19.6% and 41.8% and ROC-AUC for HOMA-IR was: 0.84, 0.82 and 0.76 respectively (adjusted for sex and puberty). Conclusions: Prevalence of MS varies significantly according to different criteria. IDF and Cook's criteria are similar predictors for IR (even the former has higher cutoffs for MS components), better than de Ferranti's. HOMA-IR was a good predictor of the three MS criteria. ER  - 
Visceral adiposity and its relationship with anthropometric and biochemical parameters in post-pubertal obese adolescents; Background and objectives: Visceral adipose-tissue accumulation is linked to insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes, hypertension and dyslipidemia in adults, besides being a determinant factor to increase nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) prevalence in obese adolescents. The aim of this study was to evaluate the relationship of visceral adiposity with anthropometric and biochemical parameters in post-pubertal obese adolescents. Methods: Cross-sectional study with 73 post-pubertal obese adolescents: 24 boys and 49 girls. Body composition was measured by plethysmography using the BOD POD body composition system. Visceral and subcutaneous adiposity was analyzed by ultrasound. The biochemical evaluation comprised triglycerides, serum total cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol, HDLcholesterol, plasma glucose and insulin. Insulin resistance was calculated by means of the homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). Participants were distributed into two groups according to visceral fat cut-off points (<3.78 cm and > 3.78 cm). A value > 3.78 cm for visceral fat indicates risk factor to develop NAFLD for Brazilian obese adolescents. After, correlation between variables of interest was assessed by using Pearson's according to gender. Results: The prevalence of abnormal biochemical levels was high among adolescents. Hyperinsulinemia and insulin resistance were observed in 55 and 61% of adolescents, respectively. 40% of the adolescents presented risk factor to develop NAFLD. Adolescents with a value > 3.78 cm for visceral fat presented mean body mass index (BMI), abdominal circumference, triacylglycerol, insulin and HOMA-IR significantly higher than adolescents with <3.78 cm. For boys, the best correlation coefficient of visceral fat was found with the BMI (r =0.76, p < 0.001), while for girls it was the insulin levels (r =0.49, p < 0.005). Conclusions: Visceral adiposity was significantly associated with BMI, abdominal circumference, triacylglycerol, insulin and HOMA-IR, demonstrating the clinical importance of visceral adipose tissue accumulation during adolescence. ER  - 
Association of subclinical atherosclerosis with different standards of the metabolic syndrome and insulin resistance; Background and objectives: we have previously selected two metabolic syndrome (MS) components blood pressure (BP) and high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDLC) as associated with carotid intima media thickness (CIMT) a surrogate marker of subclinical atherosclerosis in children (Rev Med Chile 2012; 140: 1268-75). We aimed to ascertain with a higher sample size the influence of the above mentioned variables and three standards defining the MS plus three standards defining insulin resistance (IR). Methods: A cross-sectional study of 447 children 10-14 years old of low socio-economic strata from an urban area of Chile was performed during years 2009-2011. This sample was selected considering the presence of one or more MS component and IR. Anthropometry and BP were assessed. A blood sample for determination of glycaemia, insulinemia (quimioluminiscence) and blood lipids were taken; HOMA was calculated and three standards were applied to select HOMA-IR cases. Three standards to define MS were also used. Medium CIMT was assessed using ultrasonography with automated software. Chi-squared test and stepwise regression were used. Results: Mean age was 11.5 ±1.0 years old; 59% girls; 92.6% pubertal; 72% excess weight. Three standards for MS had prevalence of 24.4% (Cook, 2004), 14.1% (IDF, 2007), 42.9% (De Ferranti, 2004). Three standards for HOMA-IR had the following prevalence: 15.2% (Barja, 2011), 37.4% (Burrows, 2006), 23.0% (De Onis, 2012). Elevated blood pressure and reduced CHDL had significant associations with CIMT ≥ percentile 75. The logistic regression for CIMT ≥ percentile 75 only selected BP ≥ percentile 90 (OR = 2.963) and CHDL < 40 mg/dL (OR = 1.789) Conclusions: None of the various classifications for the MS and the HOMA-IR were selected in the multivariate analysis confirming the previously found influence of increased BP and reduced CHDL on medium CIMT. ER  - 
Clinical outcomes of diabetic angiopathy in children and adolescents; Diabetic angiopathy causes blindness due to retinopathy, renal failure due to nephropathy, unexplained death due to autonomic neuropathy. Each complication has significance for mortality as well as adversely affecting quality of life. The child and family with diabetes are readily aware of these severe outcomes. Visual loss develops following progression of background retinopathy to proliferative retinopathy. Severity of retinopathy also associates with overall survival. Already well established is the link of albumin excretion with endstage renal disease and increased mortality. In the Sydney Paediatric Study we have used standardised computer programs to measure retinal vasculature geometry: vascular calibres, tortuosity and branching angles which predict retinopathy and early elevation of albumin excretion. Large vessel disease and dysfunction may also be developing during childhood and adolescence, as measured by endothelial dysfunction, intima media thickness and cardiac stroke volume. During adolescence arterial elasticity actually increases and is greater with obesity but age-related reduction occurs earlier than for those without diabetes. Puberty itself seems to be an accelerator for complications development especially following attenuation of risk during the prepubertal years of diabetes. Impaired insulin action during puberty is well documented but is likely worsened by accompanying weight gain. When the autonomic nervous system is assessed, the heart rate is increased and heart rate variation is reduced in association with worse metabolic control and insulin resistance. In 2013, improved clinical outcomes can be expected with better metabolic control and attention to identified risk factors, including weight gain. This is evidenced by 30 year duration outcomes from DCCT/EDIC and other longitudinal studies. Adolescence remains a challenging time for all, and retention in the health care system is essential for good outcomes. ER  - 
Role of obesity in the growth process and timing of puberty; Background: Growth in children is influenced by the interaction of genetic and environmental factors. Nutritional status plays an important role in growth and body- weight regulation. The prevalence of obesity is increasing to epidemic proportions in children and adolescents. Hypotheses: Excess adiposity during childhood affects growth and pubertal patterns. Methods: Assessment of the evidence linking obesity and growth in animal models and observational studies in children. Results: Studies report that children with exogenous obesity often have increased height velocity with tall stature for age despite low growth hormone levels. These findings are supported by the high levels of insulin and leptin observed in obese children, with a strong positive correlation between serum leptin concentration and percentage of body fat. Leptin secreted mainly from adipose tissue serves as a signal for the brain of the body's energy stores, and in animal models, it was shown to exert a direct effect on skeletal epiphyseal growth centers. Obese children (especially girls) were also found to mature earlier than lean children, suggesting that the degree of body fatness may trigger the neuroendocrine events that lead to onset of puberty. Accordingly, leptin receptors have been identified in the hypothalamus, gonadotrope cells, ovarian follicular cells, as well as Leydig cells, and leptin was shown to increase GnRH pulsatility in hypothalamic neurons and directly affect the anterior pituitary. The increased androgen levels documented in obese children may be implicated in their accelerated pubertal growth. Experimental studies have shown that leptin plays a specific role in stimulating the activity of enzymes essential for adrenal androgen synthesis. Conclusions: Physicians should be aware that childhood obesity is associated with early puberty, premature adrenarche, and accelerated growth, with a possible impaired final height potential, all of which can affect quality of life. ER  - 
Hyperinsulinaemic androgen excess in patients with type 1 diabetes; Modern therapy of type 1 requires multiple daily insulin doses that are administered with the aim of achieving optimal metabolic control. This type of treatment is associated with higher serum insulin that may lead to overstimulation of the insulin and IGF-1 receptors in the ovary, increasing androgen secretion and fostering the development of PCOS. When the pancreas secretes insulin into the portal circulation under physiological conditions, the liver is the organ exposed to the highest insulin concentrations, and it eliminates an important fraction of the secreted insulin. In T1D patients, insulin administered to the subcutaneous tissue is absorbed into the systemic circulation, omitting this hepatic first-pass step and exposing the peripheral tissues to supraphysiological insulin levels. Hyperandrogenism has been classically associated with insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes, but increasing evidence shows that T1D women may also exhibit this abnormality. Girls with T1DM exhibit increasing androgens and signs of incipient functional ovarian hyperandrogenism at the end of puberty. In adult women a prevalence of 40% of clinical or biochemical hyperandrogenism has been shown, but this problem has a milder magnitude compared to non-diabetic PCOS women. An association of hyperandrogenism with intensive insulin treatment, but not total daily insulin dose, and with premenarcheal onset of DM has been described. This talk will review clinical data, physiopathology and treatment of abnormalities of androgen levels in patients with T1DM. ER  - 
Treated and untreated women with idiopathic precocious puberty in the 3rd and 4th decades: Long-term follow-up and reproductive outcome; Background: Central precocious puberty (CPP) may have physiological and psychological implications in adulthood. Objective: To assess the reproductive function and psychosocial adjustment of gonadotropin-suppressive-treated and untreated CPP women in the 3rd and 4th decade of life. Methods: Prospective historical cohort study of 214 CPP women aged 25-56 years: 135 GnRHa-treated, 18 CyA-treated, 61 untreated; control group-446 women with normal puberty from the hospital staff, matched for age and year of birth. Demographic data and gynecological status were recorded by researchers in a structured phone interview (study group) and a face-to-face interview (controls). Results: Median time to interview from endocrine discharge was 17.1 years (12.5-35.6). PCOS was more frequent in CPP women than in controls: GnRHa-treated 29.6% vs. 17.4% (p=0.006), CyA-treated 50% vs. 20.4% (p=0.04), untreated 35.4% vs. 17.2% (p=0.0003), with no significant difference between CPP groups. Spontaneous pregnancy was similarly achieved by treated-CPP and controls: GnRHa-treated 90.4% vs. 93.4%, CyA-treated 86.7% vs. 90.2%. Assisted fertilization rate was significantly higher in untreated- CPP than treated-CPP groups (p=0.006) and controls (p=0.03). The only parameter associated with PCOS and fertility problems was untreated CPP (OR= 2.04, 95% CI, 1.0-4.16, p=0.07 and OR= 3.40, 95% CI, 1.15-10.0, p=0.047, respectively). Course of pregnancy was uneventful in 90.2% of CPP women and 90.9% of controls. Marital status, education, pregnancy rate, and number of children were similar in CPP women and controls. Conclusions: The increased rate of PCOS among CPP women implies that the underlying neuroendocrine dysfunction persists into adult life and predisposes to reproductive disorders. Gonadotropin-suppressive therapy may have a protective effect as fertility problems were more prevalent only among untreated-CPP women. Educational achievements and social adaptation in adulthood were unaffected by CPP. ER  - 
Abdominal fat distribution correlates to aromatase activity in pre-school girls; Background: We have previously shown in prepubertal males that insulin sensitivity measured by OGTT correlated to serum estradiol levels. Visceral adipose tissue (VAT) is known to have increased aromatase activity in adults. In short SGA girls, known to have increased risk of insulin resistance, it is found increased activity of aromatase (indirect measured as the ratio between serum estradiol and testosterone levels). Weather this is the case in healthy pre-school children with normal stature is not previously studied. Objective and hypotheses: To study the correlation between sex steroid levels and measures of body composition. Methods: A longitudinal study was conducted in healthy children (57 boys/48 girls) at 5 and 7 years of age, measuring hormonal status. All were prepubertal and without signs of pubarche at both timepoints. Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) of the entire abdomen using sixteen 10 mm thick T1-weighted slices was performed in a subgroup of 48 children (30 boys/18 girls). Variables examined included waist-to-height ratio (WHtR), serum es-tradiol-testosterone ratio with ultrasensitive methods (both modified Spectria, Orion Diagnostica, Espoo, Finland), subcutaneous adipose tissue (SAT) and VAT. The volumes of SAT and VAT were measured using semi-automated segmentation. Pearson's correlation coefficients were calculated to assess the associations between variables and a p-value of < 0.05 considered statistical significant. Results: In 5 year old girls, low estradiol/testosterone ratio correlated to high WHtR (r=-0.46, p< 0.01) and SAT (r=-0.43, p< 0.01). Similar correlation with SAT but weeker was found in boys first at an age of 7 years (r=-0.31, p< 0.05). In both genders, there was no correlation between the estradiol/testosterone ratio and VAT (r=ns). Conclusion: Prior to any signs of adrenarche or puberty in pre-school girls, abdominal fat distribution correlates to high testosterone levels in comparison to estradiol. ER  - 
Physical activity, fitness and screen time in childhood: How these lifestyle habits predict insulin sensitivity 2 years later; Background: Understanding the impact of physical activity, fitness and sedentary behaviors on abnormal glucose metabolism is essential to the development of effective preventive strategies against type 2 diabetes mellitus. No longitudinal studies in youth examine the combined impact of these risk factors. Objective: To determine the how fitness, moderate to vigorous physical activity (MVPA) and screen time (ST) predict insulin sensitivity (IS) over a 2 year period in a cohort of children with a family history of obesity. Methods: Children from the QUALITY cohort (n=630), a prospective study of children with at least one obese biological parent, were assessed at baseline (age 8-10 years) and 2 years later. IS was measured by a fasting index (HOMA-IR) and an OGTT-based index (Matsuda-ISI). Fitness was measured by VO2peak; percent fat mass (PFM) was measured by DXA; MVPA was measured using accelerometry. Screen time (ST) was measured by average daily hours of self-reported television, video game or computer use. Multivariable linear regression models were adjusted for age, sex, season and pubertal stage. Results: Higher baseline MVPA and lower baseline ST predicted better IS (both measures) at time 2, however this impact was attenuated and no longer significant when baseline PFM was taken into consideration. Risk factors at time 2 appeared to be more strongly related to IS at that time: higher fitness and lower PFM were independently associated with better IS. Furthermore, higher ST was associated with better insulin sensitivity as measured by HOMA-IR, but not by Matsuda-ISI. Conclusions: While MVPA and ST are important in predicting, over 2 years, IS in youth with a family history of obesity, their effect is mediated by adiposity. Current lifestyle habits appear to have a more important influence on IS in this population. ER  - 
Higher insulin detemir doses are required for the similar glycaemic control: Comparison of insulin detemir and insulin glargine in children with type 1 diabetes; Background: Insulin glargine and detemir are the most commonly used basal insulins in children with type-1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM). Objective: To compare HbA1c and insulin doses in children with T1DM who receive glargine and detemir as basal insülin. Method: This retrospective study included 119 (60 male, 59 female) children and adolescents with T1DM older than 4 years of age, minimum diabetes duration of 2 years and receiving basal-bolus insülin regimen (at least 4 injection/ day). The average HbA1c for the previous year, the latest daily insulin doses, BMI SDS and other relevant data were obtained. Comparisons were made for those receiving glargine (n=84) or detemir (n=35) insülin as the basal insulin. Results: Age, pubertal status, BMI SDS and diabetes duration were similar in glargine and detemir groups. Glycemic control was similar in both groups (HbA1c 8.6±1.6 vs. 8.8±2.0, respectively for glargine and detemir). Both basal insulin (0.41 vs. 0.55 U/kg/day) and total daily insulin (TDI) (0.95 vs 1.16 U/kg/day) doses were lower in the glargine group. Use of single daily basal insülin injection were more common in the glargine group. When the patients were subdivided according to puberty, prepubertal patients, glargine and detemir groups had similar HbA1c levels (8.5±1.2 vs 8.2±1.3, p:0.612) but glargine group had lower TDI dose(0.95±0.20 vs 1.11±0.25 U/ kg, p:0.047). In pubertal patients, glargine group had slightly lower HbA1c levels (8.7±1.8 vs 9.3±2.3, p:0.40) and again lower TDI dose (0.95±0.20 vs 1.20±0.30 U/kg, p:0.001). Conclusion: Detemir provides similar glycemic control with glargine, but, approximately 20% higher doses and twice daily injection is required. (Table Presented). ER  - 
Gonadal impairment in children with acute lymphoblastic leukaemia treated by bone marrow transplantation: Prevalence and risk factors; Background: As the number of paediatric survivors of bone marrow transplantation (BMT) increases, it is becoming increasingly important to evaluate their late morbidity in order to improve their quality of life. Gonadal failure is a well-recognized late-complication of BMT in children with haematological malignancies which seems worth studying. Objective and hypotheses: This study aimed to determine the prevalence and the potential risk factors of primary gonadal impairment in survivors of acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) treated during childhood. Methods: We carried out a retrospective study including 40 survivors of ALL (25 males, 15 females) aged 22.6 (11.3-31.7) years, who underwent BMT at mean age of 9.4 (2.3-17.3) years, using high-dose chemotherapy and hyperfractionated total body irradiation (TBI) in the period from 1989-2009 in one haematological centre. Results: The prevalence of primary gonadal impairment was 83%. All females showed evidence of primary hypogonadism irrespective to pubertal status at the time of BMT, while 72% of males developed primary hypogonadism; the majority of them were at pubertal and post-pubertal stage at the time of BMT. All females experienced high FSH, and 87% of them had high LH at any time throughout the period of 5 years follow up post-BMT compared with only 60% of males had high FSH and only 16% had high LH. Both FSH/LH started to rise 6 months post-BMT in females at mean age of 11.7 (6.3-17.8) years, whereas in males, FSH started to rise 3 years post-BMT at average age of 14.2 (10.1-19.4) years, and LH after 5 years at average of 16.9 (14.8-19.8) years. Conclusion: The prevalence of gonadal impairment is high in the patients with ALL who underwent BMT at childhood. This is probably owed to the highly intensive conditioning regimen. The onset of gonadotrophin elevation is earlier in females than males. Gender and age at BMT have been shown to be significantly associated with the risk of primary hypogonadism. ER  - 
Pelvic ultrasound findings in prepubertal girls with precocious adrenarche born appropriate for gestational age with evidence of metabolic correlates of PCOS; Background: Precocious adrenarche (PA) refers to the onset of clinical findings of androgen excess in girls under 8 years of age. It has been associated with an increased risk of functional ovarian hyperandrogenism after puberty, and a connection between PA and polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) has been suggested. Objective and hypotheses: To compare pelvic ultrasound findings of girls with PA born appropriate for gestational age (AGA) with body mass index (BMI) matched healthy peers, and to investigate whether the ultrasound findings in AGA born PA girls are associated with PCOS antecedents. Methods: We conducted a cross-sectional study on 56 AGA born girls with PA (mean ±S.D.) age 6.9 ±0.6 years) and 33 BMI -matched prepubertal peers born AGA (mean ±S.D.) 7.1 ±1 years). Hormonal data, standard 2-h oral glucose tolerance test derived Insulin sensitivity (IS) index (ISIcomp), homeostasis model assessment of IR (HOMA-IR) indices and pelvic ultrasound findings were compared. Correlations of pelvic USG findings with clinical and metabolic data were investigated. Results: PA girls had higher uterine length (UL) (p=0.01) and UL SDS (p=0.02) than BMI- matched peers. Mean ovarian volume (MOV), MOV SDS, uterine volume, uterine cross-sectional areas and ovarian morphology (homogeneous, paucicystic or multicystic) were similar between the groups (p>0.05). MOV and MOV SDS correlated significantly with ISIcomp ( r= -0.683, p< 0.001; r= -0.760, p < 0.001; respectively). Correlations of pelvis USG findings with other biochemical data failed to reach significance ( p >0.05). Multivariate regression analysis revealed that ISIcomp had the most significant effect on MOV SDS (R2=0.731, β= - 4.784, p=0.001). Conclusions: AGA born PA girls have higher UL measurements than AGA born BMI-matched peers. In AGA born girls with PA, decrease in IS may be the main trigger in the sequence of events leading to PCOS. ER  - 
Changes in metabolic syndrome and fibrinolysis as a function of BMI, insulin resistance and leptin levels following lifestyle intervention in obese prepubertal children; Objective: To evaluate disorders associated with the metabolic syndrome in obese prepubertal children and assess improvements in status as a function of BMI, insulin resistance and leptin levels after nine months' treatment. Methods: Cross-sectional and longitudinal studies were carried out in obese children. Subjects: Fifty obese children (aged 6 - 9 y) and fifty non-obese children (control group), matched by age and sex. Antropometric parameters, glucose, insulin, HOMA-IR, leptin, plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1), lipid profile and a number of parameters related to obesity and the metabolic syndrome were studied at baseline (in obese and control groups) and after nine months' treatment (in obese children). Results: Cross-Sectional Study: The mean values for HOMA-IR, systolic blood pressure (SBP), diastolic blood pressure (DBP), uric acid, triglycerides, leptin and PA-1 were significantly higher in obese children than in controls. HDLc and Apo A-1 were significantly lower. Longitudinal Study (obese group): After nine months, children with lowered SDS-BMI displayed a significant decrease in insulin, HOMA-IR, DBP, uric acid, PAI-1, leptin and triglyceride levels compared to obese children with stable SDS-BMI status, together with a significant increase in HDLc. Only SDS-BMI was found to be an independent predictive factor for changes in leptin concentration, whilst HOMA-IR and leptin were independent predictive factors for changes in triglyceride levels. Only leptin proved to be an independent predictive factor for PAI-1. Conclusions: Obesity-linked disorders appear in obese children prior to puberty; these disorders can be improved by decreasing BMI. Anthropometric parameters, insulin resistance status, and quantification of adipose tissue biomarkers can help to diagnose complications associated with the metabolic syndrom. ER  - 
BMI changes after diagnosis of type 1 diabetes mellitus in children and adolescents; Background: Studies suggest that children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes (T1DM) have a higher prevalence of overweight than healthy children but the cause-effect relationship remains unclear, whether beta-cell stress induced by overweight contributes to the development of diabetes, or whether insulin treatment causes weight gain. Objective and hypotheses: To study body mass index standard deviation score (BMI-SDS) before, at and after diagnosis of T1DM, and to identify factors associated with weight gain. Methods: Studied retrospectively were 209 children and adolescents with T1DM treated at a tertiary care center. Retrieved from the patients' files were background, clinical, and laboratory data at diagnosis (at mean age 4.3±9.2 years) and during 6 years of follow-up. Anthropometric parameters of patients were compared along follow-up and with those of their parents and siblings. Results: Mean BMI-SDS which was below average at diagnosis (-0.66±1.27), increased in the first 3 months to 0.37 ± 0.93, decreased between 3 to 6 months to 0.21±0.95 (p < 0.001), and remained stable between 6 and 12 months. Between 1 and 3 years after diagnosis BMI-SDS slightly increased, with no change during the following 3 years. Patients' BMI-SDS 6 years after diagnosis was similar to that of their parents and siblings, was not associated with age or pubertal stage at diagnosis, ethnicity or metabolic control, and was higher in females (0.53±0.74 vs 0.27±0.82, p=0.02)and in those who kept diabetes a secret. Longer duration of insulin pump therapy was the main clinical factor associated with lower BMI-SDS (R= -0.2375, p< 0.025). Conclusions: Six years after diagnosis of T1DM in pediatric patients, BMISDS was in the normal range in most patients and similar to that of the parents and siblings. Longer duration of insulin pump therapy was the main clinical factor associated with lower BMI-SDS. Prospective studies including data regarding nutrition and physical activity are needed. ER  - 
Clinical and laboratory characteristics of bone age advancement in prepubertal children; Background: It is certain that genetic factor and multiple hormones are involved in skeletal maturation. Bone age advancement in prepubertal children may lead to earlier puberty and reduction of final adult height. Subjects and methods: During July to August 2011, we conducted a follow- up examination aged 7 to 9 children, who were part of Ewha Birth & Growth Cohort study, Seoul, Korea, which is a prospective cohort established 2001-2006. Bone age was assessed using Greulich-Pyle method. An index of BA advancement was calculated as bone age divided by chronologic age (BA/CA), and it was classified into tertiles according to sex. We assessed the relationship of bone age advancement and anthropometric characteristics, metabolic components, adrenal and sex hormones using one way analysis of variance. Results: The study subjects comprised 200 children (106 boys, 94 girls). The mean level of BA/CA in boys was 0.97(±0.15), and in girls was 1.03(±0.14). Height z-score and weight z-score were lowest in the 1st tertile for BA/CA and highest in the 3rd tertile in both sexes. BMI z-score, body fat mass and waist circumference were significantly different between tertiles in boys, but there were no significant difference in girls. In addition, the 3rd tertile had the highest risk for overweight and obesity in boys (1st = 5.56%, 2nd = 10.42%, 3rd = 40.91%, ptrend< 0.01), whereas there was no significant difference in girls. In endocrine parameters, there were significant mean difference between tertiles in terms of testosterone, DHEA, androstenedione, IGF-1, and insulin for boys, and androstenedione for girls. Conclusion: These results showed that obesity and increasing of adrenal hormones were related with bone age advancement in prepubertal children, especially in boys. ER  - 
Turner syndrome: Epidemiological study in Tunis; Background: Turner Syndrome (TS) is often misdiagnosed or diagnosed late which prevents efficient treatment and care. Its epidemiological and clinical characteristics as well as its cytogenetic abnormalities and treatment are unknown in the pediatric population of Tunis. Objective and hypotheses: To determine epidemiological and clinical characteristics of Turner Syndrome in pediatric departments of Tunis.To individualize most frequent cytogenetic abnormalities and their phenotypic expression. To describe terms and effects of treatments of the growth and gonadal insufficiency. To offer a standardized management in Tunisia for the TS children and a well managed transition to adult care for TS teenagers. Methods: Retrospective study lead in all the departments of Children Hospital of Tunis over a period of 15 years between January 1997 and September 2012. Results: Average age at diagnosis was 8years and 9months. Delayed growth was present in 95% of cases. It was the most frequent cause of diagnosis.88% of the girls had delayed puberty and one girl completed spontaneously her puberty. Most frequent dysmorphic signs: hyperthelorism nipples(70%), pterygium colli (45%), fingers brachymetacarpia (35%). Caryotype was made in all the cases and revealed 45,X monosmy in 65% of the cases, one case of mosaicism and one case of structural abnormality without mosaicism. SRY gene has been found in 2 cases. Several malformations were associated: cardiac, renal, hearing,bony, ophtalmic and mental.Screening for autoimmune thyroid disease, diabetes mellitus, dyslipidemia and liver dysfunction was systematically made and was negative. 45,X was associated to the most severe abnormalities. Only 75% of the patients have benefit of GH therapy. None of them befit from undergoing induction of puberty. Conclusions: First pediatric study of Turner Syndrome in Tunis. Diagnosis is still late. Patterns most be known and management have to be standardized so as to improve the prognosis of this disease. ER  - 
Hormonal and metabolic evaluation of adolescents and young adult women assisted since childhood due to premature adrenarche; Background: Idiopathic premature pubarche (IPP) is the presence of pubic hair before 8 years old in girls and 9 in boys. Considered as “normal variant”, probably result of increased sensitivity to adrenal androgens in peripubertal period, refered to as precocious adrenarche (PA). Follow up studies have related higher prevalence of metabolic syndrome, hirsutism, acne and polycystic ovaries to PA. Objective and hypotheses: Evaluate patients assisted in childhood due to PA, in order to disclose metabolic and hormonal dysfunctions. Methods: 84 females patients with previous PA were called, 27 attended and agreed upon clinical, anthropometric and hormonal reassessment. Results: They were between 12 and 28 years old (median: 17yrs); 8 (29.6%) were overweight/obese, 11(40.7%) had acne, 14(51.8%) hirsutism, 3(11%) acanthosis nigricans, and all had normal blood pressure. No patients had fasting glucose and HbA1c altered nor hyperinsulinism, 5(18.5%) had low HDL concentrations. Hormone values were expressed as median (minimum/maximum). LH/FSH: 0.7 (0.004-2.3); estradiol: 4.9pg/ mL (20.0-24.4); androstenedione: 2ng/mL (1.4-4.0); 17-OH-progesterone: 163.5ng/dL (62.0-510.0); testosterone: 35.0ng/dL (16.5-68.7) and DHEA-S: 255.3mcg/dL (153.3-440.0). Conclusions: In this study we observed the evolutionary spectrum of PA, ranging from normal to clinical and biochemical hyperandrogenism. Overweight/obesity in 29.6%, even without dysglycemia and dyslipidemia, indicates the need to alert patients to prevent these complications. ER  - 
Puberty in CF; Sex hormones are now recognized to play a crucial role not only in reproduction but also in bone growth and in a range of metabolic functions and these roles may vary over the developmental spectrum from fetal development through to old age (1). Estrogens in both males and females regulate many physiological aspects including body weight, glucose homeostasis and insulin sensitivity, body fat distribution, inflammation, locomotor activity, energy expenditure, reproduction and cognition. Both genetic and environmental factors impact the timing of pubertal development. Puberty clearly is a time of rapid change in sex hormones and the impact of puberty on health outcomes for a young person with CF is likely to be highly complex. Lung function decline during adolescence. Lung disease starts in infancy and despite the combined effects of improved clinical outcomes following newborn screening, treatment in specialist centers and aggressive early management, structural lung damage is found in most Australian CF children by age 5 years (2). Spirometry using forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) is usually normal in early childhood and falls over time, with the greatest fall in FEV1 seen during the adolescent and young adult years (3). Normal lung volume and airway growth occurs throughout childhood with different rates of airway and lung volume growth (dysanaptic growth) occurring through adolescence. Females increase their forced vital capacity (FVC) until somatic growth ceases, but males increase their FVC during their early 20s, even after stopping somatic growth (4). After age 30, lung function declines with increasing age. The long term effects of lung injury on lung function is complex and will likely vary depending on the type and severity of injury, host responses, potential therapies used, individual lung mechanics and timing of injury with regards to stage of lung development and growth. FEV1, although insensitive to early disease (5) is related to survival (6) and the slope of FEV1 decline with time is steepest during adolescence (7). Chronic infection with microorganisms such as P. aeruginosa along with complications of CF, such as ABPA or CF-related diabetes increase in prevalence through adolescence and are also associated with fall in FEV1. Inflammation in CF. CF is characterised by exuberant and chronic neutrophilic airway inflammation which is recognized as playing a key role in both the development of lung disease as well as impacting bone health in adult life. In CF the capability of the anti-inflammatory system is overwhelmed with abnormalities noted across both activation and termination phases of the inflammatory response. Neutrophilic inflammation is associated with progressive structural lung damage (8). However, airway epithelial cells play key roles in coordinating airway inflammation (9). Many other cells are also likely to be involved, including pulmonary macrophages, B and T lymphocytes, dendritic cells and mast cells. Many factors are likely to contribute to the inflammatory response, including pathogen load, type and persistence, polymicrobial interactions, and the host's genetic and immunological background. In addition, while sex hormones are recognized as playing a key role in many inflammatory conditions including autoimmunity, the role of sex hormones on the inflammatory status in CF is poorly understood. Bone mass accrual. Bone mass accrual is a continuous process across childhood and adolescence with rapid gains in bone mass seen during puberty. During puberty there appears to be a concerted interaction between insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1), testosterone and estradiol which is required for optimal bone development (10). Nutritional failure in anorexia nervosa is associated with hypogonadism and low levels of IGF-1 and poor bone mass accrual during adolescence, and bone mass accrual may be increased using recombinant human IGF- 1 (11). Low IGF-1 levels have been reported in the CF pig model and in newborn screening blood spots collected from infants with CF compared with healthy controls (12). The relevance of lower IGF-1 levels in patients with CF to long-term bone health is not yet clear but may be an important factor. Cross-sectional studies have reported normal to low bone mineral density (BMD) in children with CF and longitudinal studies in children with CF have reported low to normal bone mass accrual. Few studies have accounted for variations in growth or studied contemporary healthy controls. One large longitudinal study in Australian children reported inadequate bone mass accrual during adolescence as well as the strong association between lean tissue mass and bone mass accrual (13). A cross-sectional analysis of this study cohort reported no delay in pubertal status compared with a healthy control population however testosterone and sex hormone levels were lower in males with CF and there was some delay in bone age. Bone health and lung health appear related with significant associations reported between lung function parameters and bone mass accrual during adolescence (13, 14). Nutrition. Poor nutritional status is a recognized risk factor for worse lung function and is an independent predictor of mortality (15). In infants, airway inflammation with free neutrophil elastase activity in BAL was reported to be associated with a reduction in BMI z-score (16). It is unknown if this predicts long-term nutritional outcomes. There is emerging evidence that there is intestinal dysbiosis in the CF gut. The interaction between the early gut microbiome, sex hormones and the risk of inflammatory disease may also be of key importance and recent animal studies have suggested that the early life gut microbiome affects both testosterone levels and risk of autoimmune disease in the genetically predisposed individual (17). Psychosocial factors. Negotiating adolescence with a chronic disease like CF is recognized as very challenging and it is difficult to disentangle the complex relationships between adherence, psychosocial function and clinical status. It is also possible that a systemic inflammatory response and poor nutritional status may impact upon feelings of well being.Young people with CF and their families have high rates of depression. Depression has been recognized recently as being associated with increased levels of oxidative stress (18).Animal studies have demonstrated that psychosocial stress induces corticosteroid insensitivity, which may lead to amplification of underlying inflammatory states. Early life stress has also been associated with increased risk of developing diabetes or arthritis in later life suggesting some interaction between psychosocial stress and immune dysfunction (19,20). Summary. There are complex interactions between genetically determined factors such as IGF-1, growth and nutritional status, inflammatory status, sex hormones, psychosocial factors, lung disease and bone health. Although clinical outcomes have improved dramatically in CF over the last 30 years, the median age of death is still in the 20s. To further improve outcomes in CF and to reduce the enormous health care burden for this disease we will need to develop a better understanding of the reasons for the accelerated decline in health status during adolescence. ER  - 
NGAL and cystatin C as early markers of diabetic nephropathy in patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus; Objectives: Diabetic nephropathy (DN) is one of the most severe complications of type 1 diabetes (T1D) and until nowadays its early diagnosis is based on microalbuminuria (MA) assessment. In this study we aimed to explore the use of new biomarkers of renal injury, such as neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin (NGAL) and cystatin C (CysC) for the early identification of DN in young patients with T1D. Methods: Sixty T1D patients, aged 5-22, were included in this prospective cross-sectional study. Along with standard blood and urine chemistry, serum NGAL levels by means of immunoenzymatic assays and serum levels of CysC by nephelometry were measured twice in a time interval of 12-15 months. Glomerular filtration rate (GFR) was calculated with the revised Schwartz bedside formula (eGFR) and the more recently suggested by Schwartz et al. eGFRformula with CysC (CysC eGFR). Results: Both NGAL and CysC were found to correlate negatively with the eGFR (p=0.05, r=-0.25 and p=0.01, r=-0.33, respectively) and positively correlated to the serum creatinine (p=0.01 r=0.34 and p=0.006, r=0.37, respectively). Moreover, NGAL was positively correlated with the CysC value (p=0.0005, r=0.49), the systolic arterial pressure(SAP) (p=0.004, r=0.39) and negatively correlated with the CysC eGFR (p=0.01, r=-0.33). The mean value of NGAL was increased at the second measurement performed 12-15 months after the first test (p=0.03). Neither NGAL nor CysC concentrations were correlated with the Tanner stages of puberty. Conclusions: NGAL and CysC, known markers of renal injury, are found to correlate with the renal function decline in T1D patients suggesting that they may be early markers of DN. The fact that they do not correlate with pubertal Tanner stages implies that they are not influenced by hormonal factors intervening during puberty. These findings suggest that early assessment of these markers may unmask the endothelial dysfunction in T1D patients before overt MA and renal impairment become obvious. ER  - 
Epigenetic marks at 5-7y predict adiposity throughout childhood (Early Bird Study); Objectives: Obesity is the most important factor underlying the rise in childhood diabetes, and susceptibility may be largely epigenetic. Epigenes are chemical switches (methylations) that alter gene expression. Early environmental exposures are known to modify the risk of obesity, but epigenetic association has so far been based on single measurements at time points that are distant from either the health outcome, or the environmental exposure. Crucial evidence from longitudinal studies linking events over time is lacking. Methods: We undertook longitudinal analysis of DNA methylation in the peroxisomal proliferator-γ-co-activator-1α promoter (PCG1α) in blood samples obtained every year for 9 yr from 40 children (20 boys). Seven CpG loci were sequenced which have been shown previously to be hypermethylated and associated with decreased PGC1α expression in overweight subjects. The association between methylation of PGC1α at 5-7y and adiposity (DEXA%fat) between 9-14y was modeled using generalized estimating equations, taking into account gender, pubertal timing, and physical activity. Results: Methylation ofCpGloci at 5-7y showed temporal stability, and predicted future adiposity. Thus (i) longitudinal tracking coefficients (p<0.001 for all loci) were such that methylation at 5-7y predicted 77-88% of the variation in methylation at 14y. (ii) For each unit of methylation at 5-7y, adiposity differed by 0.63-1.25%. (iii) Methylation of one site alone (CpG4) at 5-7y predicted 10% of the variation in adiposity at 14y (a 10-fold greater prediction than FTO). Conclusion: PCG1α is central to energy homeostasis through regulation of mitochondrial function, pancreatic β-cell function, and adipogenesis. Longitudinal collections of DNA are unusual, and these findings are novel. They suggest that early methylation of PCG1α may have a functional role in the later development of obesity, and that such epigenetic marks in early childhood may have predictive value. ER  - 
Clinical and metabolic characterization of pediatric patients with type 2 diabetes newly diagnosed; Objectives: To describe the clinical and biochemical phenotype in pediatric patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) at diagnosis. Methods: We performed a cross-sectional study in children and adolescents with T2DM with <1-month of diagnosis who attended the diabetes clinic at the Hospital Infantil de Mexico Federico Gomez in Mexico City. A total of 30 patients aged 8-16 yr were recruited. A sample of venous blood was obtained after a 12-h fast in order to determine concentrations of glucose, insulin, total cholesterol, HDL-C, LDL-C, triglycerides, and HbA1c values. We measured waist circumference, weight, height, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, sexual maturation stage, disease onset, and questioning family history of T2DM. We obtained measures of central tendency and dispersion, and data were processed with SPSS V 20.0. Results: Out of the total population studied, 50% were females, the clinical and biochemical characteristics are shown in Table 1. 53% of the patients had clinical manifestation of disease, 16.7% for positive laboratory tests and 30% with diabetic ketoacidosis. 70% had family history of T2D in second grade and 33.3% the mother was affected. 60% had morbid obesity (BMI>p99) despite lost weight before diagnosis. Conclusions: Our results show that T2DM are associated with a greater degree of metabolic alterations. Also, the relationship between the severity of obesity and T2DM is evident. Given the close relationship between obesity, and T2DM it is imperative to implement prevention, diagnosis, and early treatment measures for obesity and T2DM involving all sectors of society. (Table Presented). ER  - 
Correction of Vitamin D deficiency in children with diabetes in puberty improves HbA1c and BMI; Aim: Vitamin D deficiency is a known association with type 1 diabetes. Vitamin D is essential in adolescents during their pubertal growth spurt. We studied the incidence of vitaminDdeficiency in our paediatric diabetic service population and the impact of correction of Vitamin D on their glycaemia control. Methods: Serum Vitamin D levels, bone profile and serum PTH levels were measured in children with symptoms of aches, bone pain, exhaustion, and tiredness and correlated with their diabetic control in a paediatric diabetic service in 2012. Results: In a district general hospital with a total diabetic case load of 95 children a prospective observation study was undertaken over a period of six months. 34 children (29 Caucasian, 5 Asian) with Type 1 diabetes had vitamin D deficiency. There was equal male female distribution with a mean age of 11.5 (range 3-17) years. There were 9 outliers of which 7 were female, and 80% of the children in the deficient group were in their early teens. Mean Vitamin D levels were below 14 ng/dl (Range: 4.4-29.8 ng/dl). 30 children who had insufficiency i.e. < 20 ng/dl received a modified Stoss regime of 160,000 units of Dekristol capsules as a stat dose and repeated if clinically indicated. There was an improvement in HbA1c levels of 7.96 mmol/mol (6%) between the pre and post vitamin D treatment. Interestingly there was an improvement in BMI at 0.5Kg/m2. No difference in male to female ratio or ethnic differences observed. In children who were not treated with vitamin D levels >20 ng/dl, there was no difference observed in their HbA1c levels or BMI although the numbers were small. Conclusion: The study showed that children during the rapid turnover teenage years may need added vitamin D for maximising growth as shown through BMI and also very importantly better control of their diabetes with improvement in their HbA1C levels. ER  - 
Emotional distress of teenagers participating in the TEENDIAB study and their parents: Health related quality of life and diabetes specific anxiety; Objectives: The TEENDIAB study investigates genetic and environmental factors that influence the development of autoimmunity and type 1 diabetes (T1D) during puberty and adolescence. The longitudinal study enrols 1500 children (TEENs) aged 8-12 with a first degree relative with T1D. For the first cohort emotional distress and health related quality of life (HrQoL) of TEENs and their parents are assessed during the first year. Methods: The cohort of 213 TEENs (48% girls, mean age 10.03 ± 1.2 yrs) and their 184 parents completed psychometric questionnaires at study entry (t0), after 6 (t6), and 12 months (t12): fear of screening procedure and fear of TEEN developing diabetes (each VAS 0-10 min - max) and Kidscreen 27 on HrQoL (self and proxy report). Results: At (t6)195 TEENs and their parents participated, at (t12)164 TEENs(dropout rate: 8%/20%). Mothers rated their fear of screening (t0)1.6±1.9, (t6) 1.5±2.2, (t12) 2.0±1.8; fathers (t0) 1.4±1.5, (t6) 0.7±2.2, (t12) 1.9±1.7; TEENs (t0) 2.2±2.0; (t6) 1.8±1.9, (t12) 1.8±1.7. Fear of TEEN being diagnosed with diabetes: mothers (t0) 3.1±2.3, (t6) 2.2±2.6, (t12) 2.7±2.1; fathers (t0) 3.1±2.0, (t6) 1.9±2.9, (t12) 2.8±2.1; TEENs (t0) 3.1±2.6, (t6) 2.9±2.4, (t12) 2.5±2.2. The overall low levels of fear didn't increase over time. TEENs assessed their HrQoL more positive compared to national norms on subscales ''psychological well being'' and ''school''. Between (t0) and (t12) there was a positive shift on subscale ''parents'' from TEENs' perspective (51.6±10.1 vs. 54.1±8.9; p=0.002) and parents' perspective (51.7±6.2 vs. 52.8±5.9; p=0.03). No significant negative impact on either subscale of Kidscreen could be identified in self- and proxy-report. Conclusions: No negative impact on emotional well-being of TEENs could be identified during the first year of participation in the TEENDIAB study. This may be explained by the overall low level of fear of diabetes in this self selected sample of families. BMBF: Kompetenznetz Diabetes. ER  - 
Pubertal gynecomastia coincides with peak height velocity; Objective: Pubertal gynecomastia (PG) occurs in up to 65% of adolescent boys. In this study, we investigated the relationship between the ages at which PG and peak height velocity occur in pubertal boys. Methods: This was a prospective study that was designed to detect PG within three months of its emergence. We examined one hundred and six boys who were followed for short stature and/or delayed puberty at three month intervals, and gynecomastia was observed in 43 of these boys (40.5%). Results: PG occurred in the 43 boys within a year of their peak height velocity, and most of these boys were at Tanner stage 3 for pubic hair and had testicular volumes between 8-10 mL. Conclusion: It is recommended that evaluation of height growth be included in the diagnostic approach to PG in boys with short stature and/or delayed puberty. The coincidence of age of peak height velocity and PG suggests a causal relationship between the two events and a role of insulin-like growth factor-1. © Journal of Clinical Research in Pediatric Endocrinology, Published by Galenos Publishing. ER  - 
Alterations in markers of bone metabolism and adipokines following a 3-month lifestyle intervention induced weight loss in obese prepubertal children; Background: Adipokines may influence bone metabolism in children, but this phenomenon is not well understood. Therefore, we studied the relationships between bone markers and adipokines during weight loss in obese children. Materials and methods: We determined serum leptin, soluble leptin receptor (sOB-R), adiponectin, BALP (bone alkaline phosphatase), CTX-I (C-terminal telopeptide of type I collagen), body composition and bone mineral density (by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry) in 100 obese prepubertal children before and after 3 months of lifestyle intervention (low-energy diet, physical activity). The control group consisted of 70 non-obese children. Results: Obese children had higher BALP activity by about 20% (p<0.001) and similar value of CTX-I compared with non-obese children. After weight loss (-0.96 BMI-SDS mean change), the BALP value in obese patients decreased (p<0.001), whereas CTX-I concentration was unchanged. Changes in BALP were positively correlated with changes in BMI (Body Mass Index) (r=0.352, p<0.001), but not associated with adipokine levels. Trend analysis using SDS-BMI subgroups showed that greater reduction of body mass was associated with a greater decrease of BALP (p=0.035) and leptin values (p<0.001), as well as a greater increase of sOB-R (p<0.003). Conclusions: Obesity during the prepubertal period is associated with an alteration in the adipokines profile and greater whole-body bone mass as a result of increased bone formation rather than reduced bone resorption. Changes in bone metabolism during lifestyle intervention seem to be related to weight loss but not to changes in adipokines. Further studies should elucidate the influence of long-term therapy on bone mass in childhood. © J. A. Barth Verlag in Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart New York. ER  - 
Basal and bolus insulin requirements in children, adolescents, and young adults with type 1 diabetes mellitus on continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion (csii): Effects of age and puberty; Objective: Guidelines for insulin dosing, including the insulin to carbohydrate ratio (I/C), insulin sensitivity factor (ISF), and basal/bolus ratio guidelines, have been well established for adults with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM). However, clinical experience suggests that these guidelines are not appropriate for children. The purpose of this study was to determine the continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion (CSII) settings in children with T1DM at different ages and stages of puberty.Methods: A total of 154 patients data between the ages of 3 and 21 years with well-controlled T1DM according to American Diabetes Association guidelines were reviewed. Only patients on CSII who were not in the honeymoon period were included.Results: Patients were divided into 8 groups according to age, gender, and/or pubertal stage. Insulin requirements increased with puberty in both sexes (0.69, 0.97, and 0.90 U/kg/day in children <7 years of age, midpubertal girls, and late-pubertal boys, respectively). Basal insulin requirement was lowest in the youngest group (34%; P<.01). The youngest group had the lowest I/C prediction factor (PF) (mean, 315.7 ± 79.4; P<.01 with all groups), and the ISF-PF was higher than that of the oldest group (mean, 2,588.3 ± 1,101.8; P<.01).Conclusion: CSII dose calculations vary with age and pubertal status in children with T1DM. These differences must be considered when calculating CSII dosing, especially for younger children. © 2013 AACE. ER  - 
Wrist breadth and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance in youth: The fels longitudinal study; Objectives: There is biological crosstalk between insulin signaling and bone remodeling pathways, and wrist circumference and bone area were recently found to associate with insulin resistance independent of body mass index (BMI) in overweight/obese children. We aimed to expand on this work by using more specific measures of adiposity for adjustment and examining children with broader range of BMI. Methods: We used serial data (1,051 total measures) on 313 non-Hispanic white youth (ages 8-18 y) from the Fels Longitudinal Study with homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) as the outcome. Internal standard deviation score (SDS) for wrist breadth was evaluated as a predictor of HOMA-IR (log-transformed) before and after adjusting for internal-sample SDSs for BMI, waist circumference (WC), and total body fat (TBF) from dual energy X-ray absorptiometry, in addition to age, sex, Tanner stage, and birth year, using generalized estimating equations. Results: Before additional adiposity adjustment, we found a significant positive association between wrist breadth SDS and log-transformed HOMA-IR (β = 0.13; 95%CI: 0.09-0.17), which remained significant after adjusting for TBF SDS (β = 0.09; 95%CI: 0.05-0.13; P < 0.001), BMI SDS (β = 0.06; 95%CI: 0.02-0.10; P = 0.007), and WC SDS (β = 0.06; 95%CI: 0.02-0.09; P = 0.005). Conclusions: Further work is needed to determine whether simple frame size measures such as wrist breadth may be useful markers of metabolic risk. © 2013 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. ER  - 
The association between menstrual history and parameters of healthcare screening test in postmenopausal women of korean community; OBJECTIVE: To elucidate the association between menstrual history and blood pressure (BP), fasting blood sugar (FBS), liver function. DESIGN: Cross-sectional study. MATERIALS AND METHODS: 556 postmenopausal women were recruited from Korean community healthcare screening test. To minimize confounding factors, patients taking medications for any cardiovascular disease, dyslipidemia, thyroid disease, diabetes, neuropsychiatric diseasewere excluded. Other exclusion criteria included heavy alcohol consumption (R8 drinks per week), history of smoking, hormone replacement therapy or orall pill medication, and hysterectomy. Finally, 249 women aged between 47 to 83 years were accepted for the study. Systolic/DiastolicBP(SBP/DBP)weremeasured and laboratory tests for FBS, liver functions (alanine aminotransferase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST) and gamma-glutamyltransferase (GGT)) were done. Age at menarche, age at menopause were obtained through interviews. Reproductive years were calculated by subtracting age atmenarche fromage at menopause, and years since menopause by subtracting from age at menopause from present age. Pearson's correlation coefficients were analyzed. RESULTS: Age was correlated with SBP (r=0.250, P≤.01), DBP (r=0.227, P≤.01), FBS (r=0.163, P≤.01) significantly. Late menarche was correlated with high GGT (r=0.143, P≤.05) significantly, and high FBS (r=0.116, P=0.067) insignificantly. Late menopause showed correlation with low DBP (r=-0.132, P≤.01) and low GGT (r=-0.137, P% 0.05). Long reproductive years were correlated with high FBS (r=0.138, P ≤.05) and low GGT (r=-0.182, P≤.01) significantly, and low DBP (r=-0.123, P=0.052) insignificantly. Years since menopause showed correlation with SBP (r=0.242, P≤.01) and DBP (r=0.245, even greater than the one between age and DBP, P≤.01). CONCLUSION: Menstrual history may be a factor contributing to health parameters. ER  - 
Disease- and treatment-related factors implicated in late neuroendocrine morbidity after paediatric optic pathway gliomas: A preliminary multivariate analysis of 128 patients over 30 years; Background: Low-grade gliomas (LGGs) are the commonest benign childhood brain tumour and have high survival rates. However, their typical suprasellar position affecting the optic and diencephalic pathways renders them less surgically accessible or curable, with tumour and/ or treatment factors contributing to severe, life-threatening neuroendocrine morbidities. In the absence of major longitudinal studies, we sought to evaluate specific disease- and treatment-related risk factors for endocrine morbidity in a large single-centre 30-year paediatric cohort. Materials and Methods: Multivariate regression analysis of retrospective, longitudinal data from case note review of the first 146/223 randomly audited patients diagnosed with optic pathway and diencephalic LGGs between 1980-2010 at Great Ormond Street Hospital. Results: Patients were of median age 5.43 (0.18-15.07) years at diagnosis and followed up for a median of 7.75 (0.04-26.60) years. 5-year overall (OS), progression-free (PFS) and endocrine event-free survival (EEFS) were 95.3%, 60.5% and 41.9% respectively. Primary surgical intervention was positively predictive of OS (HR 0.02 (95% CI 0.00-0.72) and PFS (HR 0.16 (95% CI 0.07-0.41), whilst presenting hydrocephalus independently decreased OS (HR 78.03 (95% CI 2.36-2581.45). EEFS continued to decline up to 15 years from diagnosis with 79.4% of survivors experiencing at least one endocrinopathy, being independently predicted by hypothalamic tumour position (HR 7.85 (95% CI 2.48-24.80)) more than radiotherapy (HR 2.38 (95% CI 1.28-4.44). Both radiotherapy (b=0.68 (95% CI 0.44-0.92) and presenting diencephalic syndrome (b=0.51 (95% CI 0.02-0.99) were associated with increased numbers of endocrine deficits, most commonly GH deficiency (38.4%), followed by precocious puberty (24.8%), ACTH deficiency (16.4%), TSH/TRH deficiency (11.6%), LH/FSH deficiency (11.0%) and hyperprolactinaemia (9.6%). 12/18 patients with posterior pituitary dysfunction (9 SIADH, 6 diabetes insipidus, 6 cerebral salt-wasting) developed this peri-operatively (9 after biopsy/ ventricular shunt procedures only), of whom 3 died from resultant cardiovascular instability. 7/15 of the surviving patients had lifelong posterior pituitary dysfunction requiring treatment. 26.0% of patients developed obesity (BMI >98th centile for age), with the risk of insulinresistance increasing with repeated surgical procedures (OR 1.47 (95% CI 1.02-2.11). Conclusions: We provide new evidence to suggest a high prevalence of disabling endocrine morbidity in long-term suprasellar LGG survivors. This is more likely to result from hypothalamic involvement by tumour than irradiation. The role of surgery in aiding tumour control needs to be balanced against its significant attendant risks for life-threatening morbidity consequent on hypothalamic and posterior pituitary dysfunction incurred not just after repeated resections but also after minor surgical interventions. ER  - 
Age at menarche and type 2 diabetes risk: The EPIC-InterAct study; Background and aims: Earlier age at menarche, a marker of pubertal timing in girls, is associated with higher risk of later type 2 diabetes. We aimed to confirm this association in a multi-centre European study and to examine whether it is explained by adiposity. Materials and methods: The prospective EPIC-InterAct case-cohort study consists of 12403 incident type 2 diabetes cases and a stratified sub-cohort of 16154 individuals from 26 research centres across eight European countries. We tested the association between age at menarche and incident type 2 diabetes using Prentice-weighted Cox regression in 15168 women (including 5995 diabetes cases). Models were adjusted in a sequential manner for potential confounding and mediating factors, including adult body mass index (BMI). Results: Mean menarcheal age ranged from 12.6 to 13.6 years across InterAct countries. Each year later of menarche was associated with 0.32 kg/m2 lower adult BMI. Women in the earliest menarche quintile (8-11 years, n=2418) had 70% higher incidence of type 2 diabetes compared with those in the middle quintile (13 years, n=3634), adjusting for age at recruitment, research centre and a range of lifestyle and reproductive factors (Hazard Ratio=1.70; 95% CI 1.49-1.94, P<0.001). Adjustment for BMI partially attenuated this association (HR=1.42; 95% CI 1.18-1.71, P<0.001). Later menarche beyond the median age was not protective against type 2 diabetes. Conclusion: Women with history of early menarche have higher risk of type 2 diabetes in adulthood. Less than half of this association appears to be mediated by higher adult BMI, suggesting that early pubertal development may also directly increase type 2 diabetes risk. ER  - 
Direct Diabetes-Related Costs in Young Patients with Early-Onset, Long-Lasting Type 1 Diabetes; Objective:To estimate diabetes-related direct health care costs in pediatric patients with early-onset type 1 diabetes of long duration in Germany.Research Design and Methods:Data of a population-based cohort of 1,473 subjects with type 1 diabetes onset at 0-4 years of age within the years 1993-1999 were included (mean age 13.9 (SD 2.2) years, mean diabetes duration 10.9 (SD 1.9) years, as of 31.12.2007). Diabetes-related health care services utilized in 2007 were derived from a nationwide prospective documentation system (DPV). Health care utilization was valued in monetary terms based on inpatient and outpatient medical fees and retail prices (perspective of statutory health insurance). Multiple regression models were applied to assess associations between direct diabetes-related health care costs per patient-year and demographic and clinical predictors.Results:Mean direct diabetes-related health care costs per patient-year were €3,745 (inter-quartile range: 1,943-4,881). Costs for glucose self-monitoring were the main cost category (28.5%), followed by costs for continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion (25.0%), diabetes-related hospitalizations (22.1%) and insulin (18.4%). Female gender, pubertal age and poor glycemic control were associated with higher and migration background with lower total costs.Conclusions:Main cost categories in patients with on average 11 years of diabetes duration were costs for glucose self-monitoring, insulin pump therapy, hospitalization and insulin. Optimization of glycemic control in particular in pubertal age through intensified care with improved diabetes education and tailored insulin regimen, can contribute to the reduction of direct diabetes-related costs in this patient group. © 2013 Bächle et al. ER  - 
Intra-abdominal fat is related to metabolic syndrome and non-alcoholic fat liver disease in obese youth; Background: Previous studies have shown an association between adiposity, especially intra-abdominal adipose tissue, and hemodynamic/metabolic comorbidities in adults, however it is not clear in pediatric population. The aim of the study was to analyze the relationship between non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and components of metabolic syndrome (MS) with values of intra-abdominal (IAAT) and subcutaneous (SCAT) adipose tissue in obese children and adolescents.Methods: Cross-sectional study. Subjects: 182 obese sedentary children and adolescents (aged 6 to 16 y), identified by the body mass index (BMI). Measurements: Body composition and trunk fat by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry- DXA; lipid profile, blood pressure and pubertal stage were also assessed. NAFLD was classified as absent (0), mild (1), moderate (2) and severe (3), and intra-abdominal and subcutaneous abdominal fat thickness were identified by ultrasound. The MS was identified according to the cut offs proposed by World Health Organization adapted for children and adolescents. The chi-square test was used to compare categorical variables, and the binary logistic regression indicated the magnitude of the associations adjusted by potential cofounders (sex, age, maturation, NAFLD and HOMA-IR).Results: Higher quartile of SCAT was associated with elevated blood pressure (p = 0.015), but not associated with NAFLD (p = 0.665). Higher IAAT was positively associated with increased dyslipidemia (p = 0.001), MS (p = 0.013) and NAFLD (p = 0.005). Intermediate (p = 0.007) and highest (p = 0.001) quartile of IAAT were also associated with dyslipidemia, independently of age, sex, maturation, NAFLD and HOMA-IR (homeostatic model assessment-insulin resistance).Conclusion: Obese children and adolescents, with higher IAAT are more prone to develop MS and NAFLD than those with higher values of SCAT, independent of possible confounding variables. © 2013 Silveira et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Long-term exposure to traffic-related air pollution and insulin resistance in children: Results from the GINIplus and LISAplus birth cohorts; Aims/hypothesis: Epidemiological studies that have examined associations between long-term exposure to traffic-related air pollution and type 2 diabetes mellitus in adults are inconsistent, and studies on insulin resistance are scarce. We aimed to assess the association between traffic-related air pollution and insulin resistance in children. Methods: Fasting blood samples were collected from 397 10-year-old children in two prospective German birth cohort studies. Individual-level exposures to traffic-related air pollutants at the birth address were estimated by land use regression models. The association between air pollution and HOMA of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) was analysed using a linear model adjusted for several covariates including birthweight, pubertal status and BMI. Models were also further adjusted for second-hand smoke exposure at home. Sensitivity analyses that assessed the impact of relocating, study design and sex were performed. Results: In all crude and adjusted models, levels of insulin resistance were greater in children with higher exposure to air pollution. Insulin resistance increased by 17.0% (95% CI 5.0, 30.3) and 18.7% (95% CI 2.9, 36.9) for every 2SDs increase in ambient NO2 and particulate matter ≤10 μm in diameter, respectively. Proximity to the nearest major road increased insulin resistance by 7.2% (95% CI 0.8, 14.0) per 500 m. Conclusions/interpretation: Traffic-related air pollution may increase the risk of insulin resistance. Given the ubiquitous nature of air pollution and the high incidence of insulin resistance in the general population, the associations examined here may have potentially important public health effects despite the small/moderate effect sizes observed. © 2013 The Author(s). ER  - 
Canadian Study of Determinants of Endometabolic Health in ChIlDrEn (CanDECIDE study): A cohort study protocol examining the mechanisms of obesity in survivors of childhood brain tumours; Background: Childhood obesity has reached epidemic proportions and is impacting children's health globally. In adults, obesity is associated with chronic low-grade inflammation that leads to insulin resistance, which is one of the important mechanisms through which dysregulation of metabolism occurs. There is limited information available about the contribution of inflammation to metabolic health in obese children, and how individual and lifestyle factors impact this risk. One of the paediatric groups at risk of higher rates of obesity includes the survivors of childhood brain tumours. The aim of this study was to evaluate the mechanisms that contribute to inflammation in obese survivors of childhood brain tumours. Methods and analysis: This is a prospective cohort study. We will recruit lean and obese survivors of childhood brain tumours, and a control group composed of lean and obese children with no history of tumours. We will measure circulating and urinary cytokine levels and cytokine gene expression in monocytes. In addition, the methylation patterns of cytokine genes and that of toll-like receptor genes will be evaluated. These will be correlated with individual and lifestyle factors including age, sex, ethnicity, puberty, body mass index, fasting lipid levels, insulin sensitivity, diet, exercise, sleep, stress and built environment. The sample size calculation showed that we need 25 participants per arm Ethics and dissemination: This study has received ethics approval from the institutional review board. Once completed, we will publish this work in peer-reviewed journals and share the findings in presentations and posters in meetings. Discussion: This study will permit the interrogation of inflammation as a contributor to obesity and its complications in obese survivors of childhood brain tumours and compare them with lean survivors and lean and obese controls with no history of tumours, which may help identify therapeutic and preventative interventions to combat the rising tide of obesity. ER  - 
Diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and obesity in relation to serum dioxin concentrations: The Seveso Women's Health Study; Background: In animal studies, 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (TCDD) alters glucose transport and increases serum lipid levels and blood pressure. Epidemiologic evidence suggests an association between TCDD and metabolic disease. Objectives: On 10 July 1976, a chemical explosion in Seveso, Italy, resulted in the highest known residential exposure to TCDD. Using data from the Seveso Women's Health Study (SWHS), a cohort study of the health of the women, we examined the relation of serum TCDD to diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and obesity > 30 years later. Methods: In 1996, we enrolled 981 women who were newborn to 40 years of age in 1976 and resided in the most contaminated areas. Individual TCDD concentration was measured in archived serum that had been collected soon after the explosion. In 2008, 833 women participated in a follow-up study. Diabetes was classified based on self-report or fasting serum glucose and glycated hemoglobin levels. Metabolic syndrome was defined by International Diabetes Federation criteria. Obesity was defined as body mass index ≥ 30 kg/m2. Results: A 10-fold increase in serum TCDD (log10TCDD) was not associated with diabetes (adjusted hazard ratio = 0.76; 95% CI: 0.45, 1.28) or obesity [adjusted odds ratio (OR) = 0.80; 95% CI: 0.58, 1.10]. Log10TCDD was associated with metabolic syndrome, but only among women who were ≤ 12 years of age at the time of the explosion (adjusted OR = 2.03; 95% CI: 1.25, 3.29; pinteraction = 0.01). Conclusions: We found an increased prevalence of metabolic syndrome associated with TCDD, but only among women who were the youngest at the time of the explosion. Continued follow-up of the SWHS cohort will be informative. ER  - 
Growth patterns in pubertal HIV-infected adolescents and their correlation with cytokines, IGF-1, IGFBP-1, and IGFBP-3; Objective: This study aims to describe the fi nal adult height (FAH) and pubertal growth patterns in human immunodefi - ciency virus (HIV)-infected adolescents and to compare these to an age-matched population of seroreverting HIV-exposed, uninfected (HEU) adolescents. It further aims to evaluate the interplay of proinfl ammatory cytokines with insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1), insulin-like growth factor binding protein 3 (IGFBP-3), and IGFBP-1 during the pubertal growth spurt. Methods: HIV-infected (n =34) and HEU (n =12) adolescents who had achieved FAH were evaluated. Auxologic data, viral load, CD4 + T-lymphocyte (CD4) count, and the use of highly active antiretroviral therapy were obtained via a retrospective chart review. Serum interleukin (IL)-1 α, IL-6, tumor necrosis factor (TNF)- α, IGFBP-1, IGFBP-3, and IGF-1 were assessed. Results: The mean FAH standard deviation score for the HIVinfected group was - 0.78 ( ±1.1) compared to 0.05 ( ±0.78) for the HEU (p 0.034). There was a positive correlation between CD4 count and FAH (p 0.019). The mean age and magnitude of peak growth velocity (GV) was within normal limits. IL-1 α, IL-6, TNF- α, IGFBP-3, and IGF-1 were not signifi - cantly correlated with HIV RNA or height. IGFBP-1 was detectable in 100 % of poorly controlled HIV-infected patients and 25 % of the HEU cohort (p = 0.0003). Conclusions: The FAH of HIV-infected patients was signifi - cantly shorter than that of HEU patients, and it positively correlated with CD4 count. Our cohort demonstrated normal timing and magnitude of peak GV during puberty. © 2013 by Walter de Gruyter. ER  - 
Triptorelin depot stimulation test for central precocious puberty; Background: Acute gonadotropin responses following depot leuprolide acetate injection are useful for monitoring therapeutic effi cacy in central precocious puberty. Similar monitoring of therapy in patients treated with another widely used GnRH agonist, depot triptorelin, has not yet been reported. Objective: The objective of this study was to test the use of gonadotropin levels after therapeutic injections of depot triptorelin for evaluating effi cacy of therapy. Patients and methods: Thirty-two patients (29 girls and three boys) were treated with triptorelin depot, 3.75 mg per vial, between 2006 and 2010. Treatment was initiated at 8.27 ± 1.76 years (range, 4.6 - 11.6 years). Blood was drawn before and at variable times between 30 min and 2 h after injections. Clinical tests were retrospectively collected. Results: After the first injection, the 60-min mean luteinizing hormone (LH) level was 21.6.1 ± 18.0 IU/L and the folliclestimulating hormone (FSH) was 13.5 ± 3.6 IU/L. After subsequent injections, for those who showed clinical suppression, the standard deviations above the mean were 3.6 IU/L for FSH and 2.1 IU/L for LH. The LH levels of two patients who did not suppress suffi ciently were at these limits or higher. Conclusions: Sixty-minute postinjection depot triptorelin levels of LH can be successfully used to evaluate the effi cacy of treatment with this agent. Limits for suppressed levels have been determined. © 2013 by Walter de Gruyter. ER  - 
Thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH) level in nutritionally obese children and metabolic co-morbidity; Objective: In recent years, there has been increasing focus on thyroid function in pediatric obese patients. Our aims were to investigate whether there is an association between serum thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH) within the normal range and body mass index (BMI), and to determine if TSH levels correlate with metabolic risk factors in children. Methods: A retrospective cross-sectional analysis was carried out on 528 euthyroid, age- And sex-matched lean, overweight, or obese children. Anthropometric indices, blood pressure, fasting blood glucose, hepatic enzymes, lipid profiles, TSH, free triiodothyronine (fT3), and free thyroxine (fT4) were assessed from medical records and compared among groups. Subjects with known presence of diabetes, using medications altering blood pressure and glucose or lipid metabolism, with TSH levels > 97.5 or <2.5 percentile, or with autoimmune thyroid disease were excluded. Results: Hypertension, dyslipidemia, and elevated levels of hepatic enzymes were found to be more common in overweight and obese children (p < 0.001), and those metabolic changes were significantly correlated with the increase in BMI (p <0.05). Serum concentrations of TSH and fT3 within the normal range were higher in overweight and obese children (p <0.01), and TSH was positively correlated with total cholesterol, triglycerides, and systolic blood pressure (p < 0.05). Conclusion: Our findings suggest that obese children have higher serum TSH and fT3 levels even within the normal range, and that an increase in TSH is associated with dyslipidemia and higher systolic blood pressure. It remains to be seen whether TSH might serve as a potential marker of metabolic risk factors in obese pediatric patients. ER  - 
Body mass index, waist circumference, and waist-to-height ratio as predictors of cardiometabolic risk in childhood obesity depending on pubertal development; Context: The predictive value of body mass index (BMI), waist circumference (WC), and waist-to height ratio (WtHR) to define cardio metabolic risk is unclear in childhood obesity. Obective: The associations between BMI, WtHR, or WC and cardio metabolic risk markers were analyzed in a multicenter data collection of obese youth. Design and Subjects: BMI, WtHR, and WC were retrospectively evaluated in 1278 patients (11-18 years, 53% boys) from the German/Austrian/Swiss Adiposity Patients Registry. Main outcome measures: Parameters were correlated with homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance, fasting insulin, blood pressure, transaminases, lipids and uric acid, applying adjusted regression models, with age group, pubertal stage and gender as covariates. Results: Homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance and fasting insulin were most strongly correlated with BMI, independent of age groupor gender. Lipids, transaminases, anduric acid were most strongly correlated with WC with stronger associations for boys. Correlations between BMI and WC as well as metabolic markers and systolic blood pressure showed only minor differences. The pattern of relationship changed during the course of pubertal development with the strongest associations for pubertal children. None of the parameters showed a dependency on WtHR that was superior to BMI or WC. Conclusions: There is only small additional benefit in using WC measurements for routine pediatric care in addition toBMIfor predicting metabolic risk. For all parameters, the relationship is strongest during midpuberty, emphasizing that among obese pubertal adolescents, anthropometric measures (BMI andWC)best predict cardiometabolic comorbidities. WtHR does not seem to be superior to BMI or WC in predicting metabolic or cardiovascular risk related to childhood obesity. Copyright © 2013 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Adiposity and glucose intolerance exacerbate components of metabolic syndrome in children consuming sugar-sweetened beverages: QUALITY cohort study; Background: Sugar-sweetened beverage (SSB) consumption is linked to weight gain and metabolic syndrome (MetS) components in children, but whether these associations are modified by excess weight and glucose tolerance status in children is not known. Objective: The objective of this study was to examine the cross-sectional associations between SSB intake and MetS components among children above and below the 85th body mass index (BMI) percentile and those with and without impaired glucose tolerance (IGT). Methods: Data were from the QUébec Adiposity and Lifestyle InvesTigation in Youth study (2005-2008). Caucasian children aged 8-10 years (n = 632) were recruited from 1040 primary schools in Québec, Canada. SSB consumption was assessed by three 24-h dietary recalls, body fat mass by dual-energy absorptiometry, physical activity by 7-d accelerometer. Multivariate linear regressions were used, with age, sex, fat mass index and physical activity as covariates, including waist circumference (WC), systolic blood pressure (SBP), concentrations of triglyceride and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) as outcome variables. Results: Among overweight children, a 100-mL higher SSB consumption was associated with a 0.1-unit higher HOMA-IR (P = 0.009) and a 1.1-mm Hg higher SBP (P = 0.001). In children with IGT, a 100-mL higher SSB consumption was associated with a 1.4-mm Hg higher SBP and a 4.0-cm higher WC (P <?0.001). These associations were not observed among children <85th BMI percentile. Conclusions: Our results suggest that the association between higher SSB consumption and MetS components is more evident in overweight/obese and glucose-intolerant children. © 2013 The Authors. ER  - 
Obesity-related increased γ' fibrinogen concentration in children and its reduction by a physical activity-based lifestyle intervention: A randomized controlled study; Objective: To determine if elevated plasma γ′-fibrinogen, typically involved in the formation of fibrinolysis-resistant clots, confers an increased risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD) and thrombosis in children as it does in adults. Although obesity-related hyperfibrinogenemia is frequently reported in children, the role of γ′ fibrinogen and its response to physical activity-based lifestyle are less clear in this population. Study design: In a randomized controlled 3-month physical activity-based lifestyle intervention, γ′ fibrinogen concentration was measured in 21 children (aged 14-18 years; Tanner stage > IV), including 15 in the obese group and 6 in the normal weight group, with body mass index percentiles for age and sex of >95 and <85, respectively. Results: The relationships between γ′ fibrinogen and other risk factors for CVD, such as markers of insulin resistance and subclinical inflammation, along with body composition (as measured by dual-energy X-ray absortiometry), were assessed before and after the intervention. γ′ fibrinogen concentration was higher in the obese group compared with the normal weight group (P <.05) and was correlated with other risk factors for CVD (adjusted R2 = 0.9; P <.05), and insulin emerged as the major predictor of γ′ fibrinogen. The intervention reduced γ′-fibrinogen concentration (P <.05). Conclusion: Our data reveal: (1) elevated γ′ fibrinogen concentrations in obese insulin-resistant children compared with normal lean controls; (2) a relationship between γ′ fibrinogen and other CVD risk factors; and (3) physical activity-induced reduction in γ′ fibrinogen in obese children. Copyright © 2013 Mosby Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Associations between neuromuscular function and levels of physical activity differ for boys and girls during puberty; Objective: To compare the associations between neuromuscular performance and anthropometric characteristics with habitual levels of physical activity in boys and girls during the initial stages of puberty. Study design: In a cross-sectional study of 72 healthy children (39 boys and 33 girls) ranging in age from 8 to 14 years, sex differences in anthropometric and motor performance characteristics were compared at 3 Tanner stages (T1-T3). Outcome variables included dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry measurements of body composition, assessments of neuromuscular function, and levels of physical activity (steps/day) measured by accelerometry. Results: Physical activity was lower in girls than boys at T2 and T3, but there was no sex difference at T1. Physical activity increased with Tanner stage for boys but did not differ between Tanner stages in girls. Physical activity at each Tanner stage was strongly associated (R2 > 0.85) with neuromuscular characteristics for both boys and girls, but percentage of body fat also was associated with physical activity for T3 girls. Conclusions: The attenuated gains in neuromuscular function experienced by girls in early stages of puberty were strongly associated with lower levels of physical activity, whereas the increase in physical activity exhibited by boys was mostly related to increases in the strength and endurance of leg muscles. Because sedentary activity is a known contributor to the development of obesity and type 2 diabetes in youth, this study helps to identify possible contributors to decreases in physical activity in young girls and provides potential targets for early intervention. Copyright © 2013 Mosby Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Types of pediatric diabetes mellitus defined by anti-islet autoimmunity and random C-peptide at diagnosis; Objective: To test the hypothesis that anti-islet autoantibody expression and random serum C-peptide obtained at diagnosis define phenotypes of pediatric diabetes with distinct clinical features. Subjects: We analyzed 607 children aged <19 yr consecutively diagnosed with diabetes after exclusion of 13% of cases with secondary diabetes (e.g., cystic fibrosis related, steroid induced) and 7.3% of cases lacking measurement of C-peptide and/or autoantibodies. Methods: Autoantibody positivity (A+) was defined as ≥1 positive out of GAD65, insulin, and ICA512 antibodies. Preserved beta-cell function (β+) was defined as random serum C-peptide at diagnosis ≥ 0.6 ng/mL. Body mass index (BMI) was measured at median 1.2 months after diagnosis. Characteristics at diagnosis and 2 yr (range 18-30 months) after diagnosis were compared among groups. Results: Autoantibody expression and C-peptide at diagnosis defined the following groups: A+β- (52.1% of the children), A+β+ (32.8%), A-β+ (12.5%), and A-β- (2.6%). These four groups differed in gender, race/ethnicity, and clinical characteristics at diagnosis [i.e., age, pubertal development, obesity/overweight, diabetic ketoacidosis, glycemia, and hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c)] and at 2 yr (i.e., clinical diagnosis, treatment, and HbA1c) (all p<0.0001). Among all β+ children, C-peptide >2 ng/mL was associated with lower HbA1c at onset (p=0.0001) and, in the A+β+ subgroup, with higher frequency of achieving HbA1c<7% at 2 yr (p=0.03). All three patients (0.7% of total) with monogenic diabetes (maturity onset diabetes of the young, MODY) were A-β+ with C-peptide between 0.6 and 2 ng/mL. Conclusions: Anti-islet autoantibodies status and serum random C-peptide at diagnosis define four distinct phenotypes of pediatric diabetes with prognostic value. © 2013 John Wiley & Sons A/S. ER  - 
Hyperresistinemia is associated with postmenopausal breast cancer; OBJECTIVE: The constellation of obesity, insulin resistance, and serum adipocytokine levels is associated with the risk and prognosis of postmenopausal breast cancer (PBC). Altered secretion of resistin may underlie the association between overweight/obesity and PBC. We thus explored the association of serum resistin with PBC, taking into account established risk factors, including adipokines and anthropometric, metabolic, and inflammatory markers. METHODS: In a case-control study, we studied 102 postmenopausal women with pathologically confirmed, incident invasive breast cancer and 102 control participants matched on age and time of diagnosis between 2003 and 2010 at the Veterans' Administration General Hospital of Athens (NIMTS Hospital). Serum resistin, adiponectin, leptin, metabolic (homeostasis model assessment score of insulin resistance) and inflammatory (tumor necrosis factor-α, interleukin-6, and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein) parameters, and tumor markers (carcinoembryonic antigen and CA 15-3) were determined. RESULTS: The mean serum resistin level was significantly higher in case participants than in control participants (P < 0.001) in both univariate and multivariable analyses, adjusting for age, date of diagnosis, education, family history of cancer, use of exogenous hormones, alcohol consumption, smoking status, physical activity, reproductive markers, metabolic markers, anthropometric (body mass index and weight circumference) markers, inflammatory markers, and adipokines (odds ratio, 1.17; 95% CI, 1.03-1.34; P = 0.02). In case participants, resistin level correlated significantly with tumor markers and inflammatory parameters, but not with metabolic and anthropometric variables. CONCLUSIONS: Further prospective, longitudinal, and mechanistic studies are needed to determine whether hyperresistinemia is involved in the development of PBC or reflects changes during PBC progression and therefore could be used as a biomarker for PBC. Targeting resistin inhibition could be an effective therapeutic strategy in breast cancer by down-regulating the inflammatory microenvironment in breast tissue. Copyright © 2013 The North American Menopause Society. ER  - 
Effects of three different medications on metabolic parameters and testicular volume in patients with hypogonadotropic hypogonadism: 3-year experience; Introduction The aim of this study was to demonstrate the influences of three different treatment strategies on biochemical parameters and testicular volume (TV) in patients with idiopathic hypogonadotropic hypogonadism (IHH). Subjects design and methods Seventy-seven never-treated patients with IHH and age and body mass index (BMI)-matched 42 healthy controls were analysed in a retrospective design. Twenty-eight patients were treated with testosterone esters (TE), 25 patients were treated with human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) and 24 patients were treated with testosterone gel (TG). Biochemical parameters, tanner stages (TS) and TV were evaluated before and after 6 months of treatment. Results Pretreatment TV, TS and biochemical test results were similar among the three treatment subgroup. In the TE-treated group, BMI, haemoglobin, haematocrit, creatinine, triglyceride, total testosterone (TT), TS and TV increased, but HDL-cholesterol (C) and urea level decreased significantly. In the hCG-treated group, triglyceride level decreased, and luteinizing hormone level, TS and TV increased significantly. BMI, TT, TS and TV increased, and leucocyte count, total-C, HDL-C levels decreased significantly in the TG-treated patients. No treatment type resulted in any changes in insulin resistance markers. Conclusion hCG treatment resulted in favourable effects particularly on TV and lipid parameters. When TV improvement is considered less important, TG treatment may be a better option for older patients with IHH because of its easy use, neutral effects on triglyceride, haemoglobin and haematocrit, and its beneficial effects on total cholesterol level. © 2012 John Wiley & Sons Ltd. ER  - 
Early-life overweight trajectory and CKD in the 1946 British birth cohort study; Background: Few studies have examined the impact of childhood obesity on later kidney disease, and consequently, our understanding is very limited. Study Design: Longitudinal population-based cohort. Setting & Participants: The Medical Research Council National Survey of Health and Development, a socially stratified sample of 5,362 singletons born in 1 week in March 1946 in England, Scotland, and Wales, of which 4,340 were analyzed. Predictor: Early-life overweight latent classes (never, prepubertal only, pubertal onset, or always), derived from repeated measurements of body mass index between ages 2 and 20 years. Outcomes & Measurements: The primary outcome was chronic kidney disease (CKD), defined as creatinine- or cystatin C-based estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFRcr and eGFRcys, respectively) <60 mL/min/1.73 m2 or urine albumin-creatinine ratio (UACR) ≥3.5 mg/mmol measured at age 60-64 years. Associations were explored through regression analysis, with adjustment for socioeconomic position, smoking, physical activity level, diabetes, hypertension, and overweight at ages 36 and 53 years. Results: 2.3% of study participants had eGFRcr <60 mL/min/1.73 m2, 1.7% had eGFRcys <60 mL/min/1.73 m 2, and 2.9% had UACR ≥3.5 mg/mmol. Relative to being in the never-overweight latent class, being in the pubertal-onset- or always-overweight latent classes was associated with eGFRcys-defined CKD (OR, 2.04; 95% CI, 1.09-3.82). Associations with CKD defined by eGFRcr (OR, 1.27; 95% CI, 0.71-2.29) and UACR (OR, 1.33; 95% CI, 0.70-2.54) were less marked, but in the same direction. Adjustment for lifestyle and health factors had little impact on effect estimates. Limitations: A low prevalence of CKD resulted in low statistical power. No documentation of chronicity for outcomes. All-white study population restricts generalizability. Conclusions: Being overweight in early life was found to be associated with eGFR cys-defined CKD in later life. The associations with CKD defined by eGFRcr and UACR were less marked, but in the same direction. Reducing or preventing overweight in the early years of life may significantly reduce the burden of CKD in the population. © 2013 National Kidney Foundation, Inc. ER  - 
Comparison of three lifecourse models of poverty in predicting cardiovascular disease risk in youth; Objective: Childhood poverty heightens the risk of adulthood cardiovascular disease (CVD), but the underlying pathways are poorly understood. Three lifecourse models have been proposed but have never been tested among youth. We assessed the longitudinal association of childhood poverty with CVD risk factors in 10-year-old youth according to the timing, accumulation, and mobility models. Methods: The Québec Longitudinal Study of Child Development birth cohort was established in 1998 (n= 2120). Poverty was defined as annual income below the low-income thresholds defined by Statistics Canada. Multiple imputation was used for missing data. Multivariable linear regression models adjusted for gender, pubertal stage, parental education, maternal age, whether the household was a single parent household, whether the child was overweight or obese, the child's physical activity in the past week, and family history. Results: Approximately 40% experienced poverty at least once, 16% throughout childhood, and 25% intermittently. Poverty was associated with significantly elevated triglycerides and insulin according to the timing and accumulation models, although the timing model was superior for predicting insulin and the accumulation model was superior for predicting triglycerides. Conclusions: Early and prolonged exposure to poverty significantly increases CVD risk among 10-year-old youth. © 2013 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Vascular alterations and risk factor profile in pre-pubertal obese children after two years of follow up; Background: Although cardiovascular sequelae of obesity are frequently recognized in adults, there is widespread evidence that atherosclerosis begins early in childhood with vascular. Deterioration of endothelial function and pathologic alterations of carotid artery intima media thickness (cIMT) represent early stages of atherosclerosis. Aim of the present observational study was to assess functional and structural vascular alterations and cardiovascular risk factors over a period of 2 years in initially pre-pubertal children with obesity compared to age-matched lean controls. Methods: In 44 obese children (11.9±2.9 years of age, BMI of 28.0±2.4) and in 36 lean controls (12.6±2.8 years of age, BMI 18.0±2.7), risk factor profile was assessed at baseline and after 2 years of follow up. Additionally, the reactive hyperemia index (RHI), a measure of endothelium-dependent flow-mediated dilatation, was assessed non-invasively. To detect structural vascular alterations, cIMT was determined initially and after 2 years. Results: In pre-pubertal children, RHI was impaired compared to age-matched lean controls (1.26±0.21 versus 1.89±0.75, p<0.05). Already in early childhood, obesity was accompanied by a gain in cIMT (0.38±0.16 mm versus 0.32±0.07 mm, p<0.05). After 2 years of follow up, BMI was still significantly different between the groups (obese: 30.8±4.9; lean: 19.3±2.9, p<0.05). Endothelial function remained attenuated in obese children and maintained normal in lean controls (RHI 1.38±0.37 versus 1.92±0.70, p<0.05, p<0.05). cIMT increased in both obese or lean children and was even more pronounced in obese children (0.49±0.07 mm versus 0.39±0.04 mm, p<0.05. With regard to risk factors, obese children suffered from insulin resistance as a pre-stage of diabetes already at baseline evaluation (peak insulin: 973±606 pmol/L versus 513±195 pmol/L, p<0.05; HOMA-IR: 2.2±1.2 versus 1.3±0.7, p<0.05). At follow up, the same proportion of obese children suffered from insulin resistance, whereas it remained unaffected in lean children during the study period. Additionally, systolic blood pressure was appr. 8 mmHg higher in obese compared to lean children at begin of observation, this difference maintained after 2 years of follow up. Conclusion: Obesity in pre-pubertal children is accompanied by functional and structural vascular damage as precursors of atherosclerosis which clearly impacts the individual cardiovascular risk. Reaching puberty, further progress of these deleterious alterations is detectable. Therefore, strategies to prevent the development of atherosclerosis must be initiated already in early childhood. ER  - 
Maternal vitamin B12 and folate status during pregnancy and offspring insulin resistance and body composition at 12 years; Maternal nutrition during pregnancy may influence offspring risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease in later life. Previous studies have shown that low maternal vitamin B12 and high folate concentrations during pregnancy were associated with higher insulin resistance in the offspring at 6 years. As both B12 and folate are regulators of 1-carbon (1-C) metabolism, this suggested a role for 1-C metabolism in the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus. The current study aimed to test the hypothesis that low maternal vitamin B12 concentration and high maternal folate concentration during pregnancy are associated with higher insulin resistance and adiposity in the offspring at 12 years. Data was from the Pune Maternal Nutrition Study, a community based prospective study of a rural Indian birth cohort. Plasma vitamin B12 and erythrocyte folate (exposures) were measured at 18 and 28 weeks gestation in 638 women in six villages near Pune, India, along with anthropometry and dietary assessment (24 h intake and food frequency questionnaire). Outcomes measured in the children at 12 years included fasting plasma glucose and insulin, vitamin B12, total homocysteine (tHcy), serum folate and lipid concentrations, blood pressure and body composition (anthropometry and dual X-ray absorptiometry scans (DXA)). Insulin resistance was estimated using the HOMA model. Relationships were analysed using multiple linear regression, adjusting for important covariates and potential confounders. Maternal erythrocyte folate concentration at 18 and 28 weeks gestation was positively related to offspring weight, BMI, fat and lean mass and triceps skinfold (p<0.05 for all), but not to insulin resistance. Maternal vitamin B12 concentration was not related to offspring insulin resistance or adiposity measures. Higher maternal vitamin B12 concentration was related to higher offspring B12 concentration and lower offspring tHcy concentration (p<0.01 for both). All reported associations were adjusted for offspring age, sex, socioeconomic status and serum folate concentration at 12 years. Associations with maternal folate as the exposure were also adjusted for offspring serum vitamin B12 concentration at 12 years. In this population, higher maternal folate concentration during pregnancy was related to higher offspring adiposity measures at 12 years while the relationship between lower maternal B12 and higher offspring insulin resistance observed at 6 years had disappeared. This may be due to metabolic alterations occurring during puberty and requires further investigation. ER  - 
Insulin Sensitivity from Preschool to School Age in Patients with Severe Obesity; Background:Insulin sensitivity decreases at puberty transition, but little information has been provided on its earlier time-course. Aim of the present study was to describe the time-course of insulin sensitivity in severely obese children at the transition from preschool to school age.Research design and methods:Retrospective study of a cohort of 47 severely obese [Body Mass Index (BMI) ≥99° percentile] preschoolers evaluated twice, once between 2 and 6 years of age, and once before age 8. Glucose tolerance, Whole Body Insulin Sensitivity Index (WBISI), Insulinogenic Index (IGI); β-cell demand index (BCDI) and Insulin Secretion-Sensitivity Index 2 (ISSI-2) were longitudinally estimated during the oral glucose tolerance test.Results:After a median follow-up of 2.23 (1-4.52) y, obese patients showed significant decrease in WBISI (p<0.0001), and increase in fasting (p = 0.005) and 2 h glucose (2HG, p = 0.001). One child in preschool age and 4 school age children presented with 2HG between 7.8-11.1 mmol/l. Best predictors of WBISI, 2HG and BCDI in the school age were changes in BMI z-score (R2 = 0.309; p = 0.002; β = -0.556), ISSI-2 (R2 = 0.465; p<0.0001; β = -0.682), and BMI z-score (R2 = 0.246; p = 0.008; 0.496), respectively.Conclusions:In morbidly obese children, insulin sensitivity seems to decline even before pubertal transition, but changes in total adiposity can only partially explain this variation. © 2013 Manco et al. ER  - 
Long-term follow-up of children with high-risk neuroblastoma: The ENSG5 trial experience; Background: Therapy for high-risk neuroblastoma is intensive and multimodal, and significant long-term adverse effects have been described. The aim of this study was to identify the nature and severity of late complications of metastatic neuroblastoma survivors included in the ENSG5 clinical trial. Procedure: The trial protocol included induction chemotherapy (randomized "Standard" OPEC/OJEC vs. "Rapid" COJEC), surgery of primary tumor and high-dose melphalan with stem cell rescue. Two hundred and sixty-two children were randomized, 69 survived >5 years, and 57 were analyzed. Data were obtained from the ENSG5 trial database and verified with questionnaires sent to participating centers. Results: Median follow-up was 12.9 (6.9-16.5) years. No differences were found in late toxicities between treatment arms. Twenty-eight children (49.1%) developed hearing loss. Nine patients (15.8%) developed glomerular filtration rate <80ml/min/1.73m2, but no cases of chronic renal failure were documented. Endocrine complications (28.1% of children) included mainly hypogonadism and delayed growth. Four children developed second malignancies, three of them 5 years after diagnosis: one osteosarcoma, one carcinoma of the parotid gland and one ependymoma. There were no hematological malignancies or deaths in remission. Conclusions: This study analyzed a wide cohort of high-risk neuroblastoma survivors from a multi-institutional randomized trial and established the profile of long-term toxicity within the setting of an international clinical trial. © 2012 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. ER  - 
Growth failure in children with chronic myeloid leukemia receiving imatinib is due to disruption of GH/IGF-1 axis; Background: The frontline treatment for chronic myeloid leukemia (CML) is tyrosine kinase inhibitor therapy. There is increasing evidence that imatinib results in growth failure in children; etiology is unclear. Procedure: The cross-sectional study was conducted from January 2011 to June 2012 in a pediatric oncology unit. Patients with chronic-phase CML, receiving imatinib for more than 6 months were enrolled. Growth hormone (GH): Insulin like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) axis was evaluated by GH stimulation test by insulin tolerance and clonidine stimulation test, among other hormonal assays. Results: Eighteen patients with a median age of 12.9 years (range 6.5-17) completed the study. The mean duration of imatinib therapy was 43.7±32.8 months. The height-for-age z-scores at the start of imatinib and at enrollment were -1.07±0.88 and -1.8±0.98, respectively (P<0.001). Seven (39%) patients were GH deficient and lacked a sufficient response to either of the two stimulation tests. Majority, 16 (89%) patients had IGF-1 z-scores less than the mean. IGFBP-3 levels were below the mean in all patients. Every patient had deficiency of either GH, or IGF-1, or both. Bone age was delayed in 7 (39%). Conclusions: This study demonstrates that imatinib results in growth failure in children with CML by disturbing the GH:IGF-1 axis. GH stimulation test and serum IGF-1 levels should be performed in children on treatment with imatinib who have growth retardation. Future studies should evaluate the role of recombinant GH therapy for ameliorating the adverse effect on growth. © 2013 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. ER  - 
Nutritional status and metabolic disorders in HIV-exposed uninfected prepubertal children; Objective: The objective of the study was to assess the nutritional status and metabolic alterations in HIV-exposed uninfected (HIVe) children compared with HIV-unexposed (HIVn) children. Methods: A cross-sectional study was carried out with 76 children distributed into two groups: HIVe (n= 31) and HIVn (n = 45). Biochemical data (hematologic test, lipid profile, insulin resistance, hepatic profile, and C-reactive protein) were evaluated. Anthropometric parameters and body composition analyses were performed. Results: The groups were similar regarding body mass index-for-age z-scores (P = 0.297) and height-for-age z-scores (P = 0.666). HIVe had a higher dyslipidemia prevalence (38.7% versus 11.1%; P = 0.010), altered total cholesterol (TC) values (19.4% versus 2.2%; P = 0.016) higher LDL-C mean levels (97.8 mg/dl versus 86 mg/dl; P = 0.028), borderline low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) (40% versus 14%; P = 0.011) and TC (41.9% versus 20%; P= 0.038) compared with HIVn. Conclusion: Despite the similar nutritional status between groups, our data clearly demonstrated a higher prevalence of dyslipidemia, altered TC, higher LDL-C levels and also LDL-C and TC borderline values in HIVe children. © 2013 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Blood lead levels and serum insulin-like growth factor 1 concentrations in peripubertal boys; Background: Childhood lead exposure has been associated with growth delay. However, the association between blood lead levels (BLLs) and insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) has not been characterized in a large cohort with low-level lead exposure. Methods: We recruited 394 boys 8-9 years of age from an industrial Russian town in 2003-2005 and followed them annually thereafter. We used linear regression models to estimate the association of baseline BLLs with serum IGF-1 concentration at two follow-up visits (ages 10-11 and 12-13 years), adjusting for demographic and socioeconomic covariates. Results: At study entry, median BLL was 3 μg/dL (range, < 0.5-31 μg/dL), most boys (86%) were prepubertal, and mean ± SD height and BMI z-scores were 0.14 ± 1.0 and -0.2 ± 1.3, respectively. After adjustment for covariates, the mean follow-up IGF-1 concentration was 29.2 ng/mL lower (95% CI: -43.8, -14.5) for boys with high versus low BLL (≥ 5 μg/dL or < 5 μg/dL); this difference persisted after further adjustment for pubertal status. The association of BLL with IGF-1 was stronger for mid-pubertal than prepubertal boys (p = 0.04). Relative to boys with BLLs < 2 μg/dL, adjusted mean IGF-1 concentrations decreased by 12.8 ng/mL (95% CI: -29.9, 4.4) for boys with BLLs of 3-4 μg/dL; 34.5 ng/mL (95% CI: -53.1, -16.0) for BLLs 5-9 μg/dL; and 60.4 ng/mL (95% CI: -90.9, -29.9) for BLLs ≥ 10 μg/dL. Conclusions: In peripubertal boys with low-level lead exposure, higher BLLs were associated with lower serum IGF-1. Inhibition of the hypothalamic-pituitary-growth axis may be one possible pathway by which lead exposure leads to growth delay. ER  - 
Modifiers of ovarian function in girls and women with classic galactosemia; Context: Classic galactosemia is a potentially lethal genetic disorder resulting from profound impairment of galactose-1P uridylyltransferase (GALT). More than 80% of girls and women with classic galactosemia experience primary or premature ovarian insufficiency despite neonatal diagnosis and rigorous lifelong dietary galactose restriction. Objective: The goal of this study was to test the relationship between markers of ovarian reserve, cryptic residual GALT activity, and spontaneous pubertal development in girls with classic galactosemia. Design and Setting: This was a cross-sectional study with some longitudinal follow-up in a university research environment. Patients: Patients included girls and women with classic galactosemia and unaffected controls, <1 month to 30 years old. Main Outcome Measures: We evaluated plasma anti-Müllerian hormone (AMH) and FSH levels, antral follicle counts ascertained by ultrasound, and ovarian function as indicated by spontaneous vs assisted menarche. Results: More than 73% of the pre- and postpubertal girls and women with classic galactosemia in this study, ages >3 months to 30 years, demonstrated AMH levels below the 95% confidence interval for AMH among controls of the same age, and both pre- and postpubertal girls and women with classic galactosemia also demonstrated abnormally low antral follicle counts relative to age-matched controls. Predicted residual GALT activity ≥0.4% significantly increased the likelihood that a girl with classic galactosemia would demonstrate an AMH level ≥0.1 ng/mL. Conclusions: A majority of girls with classic galactosemia demonstrate evidence of diminished ovarian reserve by 3 months of age, and predicted cryptic residual GALT activity is a modifier of ovarian function in galactosemic girls and women. Copyright © 2013 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Bone-related complications of transfusion-dependent beta thalassemia among children and adolescents; Thalassemia and the blood transfusion complications associated with it predispose children to poor bone health. This study was conducted to determine the prevalence of bone-related abnormalities and identify the bone health predictors within this population. One hundred and forty transfusion-dependent beta thalassemic subjects 8-18 years old in Mashhad, Iran, participated in this cross-sectional study. Anthropometric measures, dietary intake, bone-related biomarkers and bone densitometry, were assessed. The incidence of underweight and short stature was 33.6 and 41.4 %, respectively, which were indicators of malnutrition among thalassemic subjects in this study. Low bone density was detected in the lumbar spine and femoral region in 82 and 52 % of subjects, respectively. Hypocalcemia and hypophosphatemia were seen in 22 and 18.2 %, whilst vitamin D deficiency was present in more than 85 % of thalassemic children and adolescents. The relationships between weight, height and other anthropometric indices, serum calcium and bone markers, intake of macronutrients, zinc and vitamin E with bone mineral density (BMD) and bone mineral content (BMC) in the lumbar spine and femoral area were positively related, indicating that better nutritional status were associated with higher BMD and BMC values. Puberty, gender and serum osteocalcin were negative predictors for BMD and BMC values, whereas age, weight and height were the positive predictors. High incidence of low bone density and deficit in other aspects of bone health among thalassemia patients makes routine bone health assessment necessary for this vulnerable group. Considering influencing factors, dietary counseling and preventive supplementation therapy for this high risk group of children and adolescents may be necessary, although this should be assessed by intervention studies. © 2013 The Japanese Society for Bone and Mineral Research and Springer Japan. ER  - 
Hyperandrogenism during puberty in the development of polycystic ovary syndrome; The hormonal events of puberty, from adrenarche to menarche and beyond, include the secretion of androgens as well as estrogen and P. This normal pubertal process is briefly reviewed and a physiologic role for pubertal androgens proposed. It is further suggested that the hyperandrogenic state we call polycystic ovary syndrome is a maladaptation of the advantageous role of normal pubertal androgens. Copyright © 2013 Published by Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Sexual dimorphism in adipose tissue function as evidenced by circulating adipokine concentrations in the fasting state and after an oral glucose challenge.; Do the circulating levels of a panel of adipokines involved in glucose metabolism exhibit sexual dimorphism in the fasting state and after an oral glucose load? Our results indicate sexual dimorphism in the circulating concentrations of adipokines involved in intermediate metabolism in the fasting state and during an oral glucose load. This finding suggests an influence of sex steroids on adipose tissue function. Sexual dimorphism in adipose tissue distribution fully develops after puberty and modulates the risk for cardiometabolic disorders. However, the possibility that adipose tissue function exhibits sexual dimorphism as well as its distribution is unproved. Cross-sectional case-control study including 32 subjects. Sixteen subjects with weight excess (8 men and 8 women, including 4 overweight and 4 obese subjects in each group) and 16 normal weight healthy volunteers (8 men and 8 women) presenting with similar age were submitted to a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test (oGTT). We measured circulating concentrations of insulin, glucose, chemerin, lipocalin-2, omentin-1, leptin and adiponectin and calculated their areas under the oGTT curve (AUC). Leptin and adiponectin concentrations were higher throughout the oGTT in women compared with men. Lipocalin-2 concentrations decreased during the oGTT in the whole group of study subjects. However, these levels remained higher in men with weight excess compared with normal weight men, whereas in women with weight excess lipocalin-2 levels at the end of the oGTT were lower compared with normal weight women. Sex was among the main determinants of the AUC of omentin-1 and leptin in linear regression models, and lower estradiol and testosterone concentrations were related to higher AUC of chemerin and omentin-1, respectively. Subjects with weight excess had higher AUC of chemerin and leptin and lower AUC of omentin-1 and adiponectin levels, independently of sex. We included a relatively small sample size and, because this was a cross-sectional study, we cannot infer causality to the associations between the changes in circulating adipokine concentrations and the variables studied here. Sexual dimorphism in adipose tissue function should be considered when studying adiposity and obesity, and also when designing strategies for their diagnosis and management. ER  - 
Sexual dimorphism in adipose tissue function as evidenced by circulating adipokine concentrations in the fasting state and after an oral glucose challenge; STUDY QUESTION: Do the circulating levels of a panel of adipokines involved in glucose metabolism exhibit sexual dimorphism in the fasting state and after an oral glucose load? SUMMARY ANSWER: Our results indicate sexual dimorphism in the circulating concentrations of adipokines involved in intermediate metabolism in the fasting state and during an oral glucose load. This finding suggests an influence of sex steroids on adipose tissue function. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: Sexual dimorphism in adipose tissue distribution fully develops after puberty and modulates the risk for cardiometabolic disorders. However, the possibility that adipose tissue function exhibits sexual dimorphism as well as its distribution is unproved. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: Cross-sectional case-control study including 32 subjects. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: Sixteen subjects with weight excess (8 men and 8 women, including 4 overweight and 4 obese subjects in each group) and 16 normal weight healthy volunteers (8 men and 8 women) presenting with similar age were submitted to a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test (oGTT). We measured circulating concentrations of insulin, glucose, chemerin, lipocalin-2, omentin-1, leptin and adiponectin and calculated their areas under the oGTT curve (AUC). MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: Leptin and adiponectin concentrations were higher throughout the oGTT in women compared with men. Lipocalin-2 concentrations decreased during the oGTT in the whole group of study subjects. However, these levels remained higher in men with weight excess compared with normal weight men, whereas in women with weight excess lipocalin-2 levels at the end of the oGTT were lower compared with normal weight women. Sex was among the main determinants of the AUC of omentin-1 and leptin in linear regression models, and lower estradiol and testosterone concentrations were related to higher AUC of chemerin and omentin-1, respectively. Subjects with weight excess had higher AUC of chemerin and leptin and lower AUC of omentin-1 and adiponectin levels, independently of sex. LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: We included a relatively small sample size and, because this was a cross-sectional study, we cannot infer causality to the associations between the changes in circulating adipokine concentrations and the variables studied here. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: Sexual dimorphism in adipose tissue function should be considered when studying adiposity and obesity, and also when designing strategies for their diagnosis and management. ER  - 
Obesity and asthma; Obesity as a risk factor for asthma: Asthma, overweight and obesity are the most common chronic morbidities in childhood from economically developed regions (and now in some middle developed countries) affecting up one in six and one in five children respectively [1,2]. And their prevalence is both increasing worldwide. Given that a rise in prevalence of obesity and asthma has paralleled westernization or urbanization (characterized by air pollution, environmental tobacco smoke, smaller family size, day care assistance, decreased exposure to infectious agents, and undesirable dietary or other lifestyle changes), it is also plausible that shared environmental factors are common to the rise of conditions in childhood [3]. Overweight and obesity is higher in children with asthma compared with general population [4]. Body mass index (BMI) is a practical and widely used measure of weight status in children and adults, although BMI may not be the ideal or the only measure to assess the influence of a high body weight on respiratory health. Indeed, a study showed that only central obesity, but not BMI, increases asthma risk in children [5]. The link between obesity and asthma is stronger in non-allergic asthma [3]. A recent study showed higher prevalence of non-eosinophilic asthma in female obese asthmatics compared to males [6]. A review confirmed the absence of atopy and bronchial hyperreactivity to methacholine in the association between asthma and obesity/overweight [7]. There are mixed results about the importance of gender in this relationship; however a tendency of females in the relation was more common [3]. Two recent analyses of large cohort reported that increased BMI and/or adiposity in children were associated with increased asthma symptoms, asthma exacerbations and emergency department presentation [8,9]. A prospective study showed decreased in inhaled corticosteroids efficacy in obese asthmatic children, suggesting steroid insensitivity may be present in children with a higher BMI [10]. Therefore, pharmacogenetic and randomized studies need to be done in order to know which will be the best controllers for obese asthmatic children. A recent study showed that dietinduced weight loss can achieve significant improvements in clinical outcomes for obese children with asthma. Hypertriglyceridemia and insulin resistance were positive associate with asthma, independent of BMI [11,12]. Adolescent males who were obese and also had mild persistent asthma had a significantly higher prevalence of metabolic syndrome than obese males without asthma [13]. Obesity as a risk factor for developing new asthma: Camargo et al. [14] carried out one of the first longitudinal studies in adults, showing that women who gained weight after 18 years of age ran a greater risk of developing asthma (incidence) in the next 4 years, regardless of caloric intake or physical activity. Castro- Rodriguez et al. [15], in the first longitudinal study of a pediatric population, showed that girls, but not boys, who became obese or overweight between 6 and 11 years of age ran a 7-fold greater risk of developing asthma (incidence) than those who maintained normal nutrition and growth, regardless of physical activity or allergic condition. Furthermore, the bronchodilatory reactivity (FEV1) and PEF variability were greater in obese and overweight girls compared to girls with proper nutrition. These findings led the authors to suggest that there may be an anomaly in the regulation of bronchial tone in females [15]. Even more, the prevalence of asthma was greater among obese girls with early menarche (before 11 years of age) than among those with a later menarche. This would indicate that obesity alters the production (or peripheral sensitivity) of the hormones associated with puberty in girls and that increased production of female hormones (or their sensitivity) alters lung development and regulation of airway tone in puberty-age girls (by enhancing bronchodilator reactivity) [15]. This association between obesity and asthma among women with early menarche was confirmed in independent studies in Mexico [16] and France [17]. It has also been reported that the use of exogenous estrogens is a risk factor for a higher incidence of asthma in women [18]. The mechanism by which estrogens cause increased airway responsiveness in asthma is still unknown, but in clinical practice cases of women with severe and refractory asthma associated with morbid obesity are not uncommon. Curiously, female sex is also associated with greater severity of irreversible airflow obstruction or chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. However, it is unknown whether resistance to inhaled corticosteroids in cases of severe asthma is associated with the metabolic effects of asthma, increased inflammation, or estrogenic effects. Therefore, we proposed a new phenotype of asthma: girls with early menarche before 11 yr who become obese during puberty, non-allergic, with high PEF variability and no hyperreactivity to methacholine [19]. ER  - 
Cancer risk in endometrial carcinoma survivors: A longitudinal case-control study; Objective: While endometrial cancer (EC) has an excellent prognosis, survivors are at risk from comorbidities, including secondary primaries. The purpose of this study was to determine the association between positive family cancer history (PFCH) at baseline and interval development of cancer (personal cancer history [PCH]) in EC patients (ECs) compared with female controls. Methods: Between 11/15/1997 and 7/20/2007, 205 ECs and 199 controls (no cancer history or cancer-free for 5 years) were prospectively enrolled into an institutional review board-approved biorepository. Subjects completed baseline questionnaires regarding (Table presented) PFCH, with results confirmed by chart review. PCH was verified by pathology or when unavailable, using the state's tumor registry. The median follow-up (range) for ECs and controls was 77.7 (1.5-82.5) and 77.6 (0-21.4) months, respectively; the last date of data entry was 8/23/2012. Statistical methods included ANOVA, χ2, and Fisher's Exact tests for measures of association and univariate and multivariate logistical regression to determine effect size. Results: Controls (Table) were older, menopausal, more likely to use estrogen replacement therapy (ERT)/oral contraceptives (OC), and had lower body mass indexes (BMIs). No differences were observed in menarche, parity, or tobacco/alcohol use. More ECs had a PFCH (115 [62.8%] vs.90 [45.4%], P= 0.002), and ≥2 family members (34.2% vs. 23.7%, P =0.036). These differences were significant for non-Hispanic whites only (P =0.004). As expected, ECs more often reported PFCH consistent with Lynch syndrome (18.0% vs. 6.0%, P < 0.001), but not BRCA1-2 (10.1% vs. 7.0%, P =0.29); controlling for Lynch/BRCA1-2, PFCH was still more common in ECs (P= 0.04). In multivariate models, adjusting for age, race/ethnicity, BMI, ERT, diabetes, smoking, alcohol, and PFCH, ECs were still significantly more likely to report PFCHs; the number of cancers also increased (test for linear trend 0.015 [odds ratio 1.60, 95% CI 1.10-2.33]). A PCH was also higher among ECs (62 [30.4%] vs. 17 [8.5%] P < 0.001). The most common cancers reported in cases were gastrointestinal/colon (17 [21.8%]), breast (14 [17.9%]), ovary (7 [9.0%]), and skin (8 [10.3%]). In controls, the most common cancers were gastrointestinal/ colon (3 [17.6%]), breast (6 [35.3%]), and skin (4 [23.5%]). Conclusions: Both personal family cancer history (PFCH) and secondary primaries (PCHs) were higher than expected in ECs, a result only partially explained by Lynch/BRCA1-2 mutation history. The PCH risk will be tested further using appropriate longitudinal modeling/time to event methods. Nonetheless, these results underscore the importance of cancer screening in EC survivors. ER  - 
Visceral fat, independent of total-body adiposity, is associated with cardiovascular risk factors, insulin resistance, and vascular dysfunction among children and adolescents; In adults, visceral fat is associated with cardiovascular (CV) risk factors, insulin resistance, and vascular dysfunction; however, its relationship with these risk factors in childhood has not been well-characterized. The aim of this cross-sectional study was to evaluate the association of abdominal visceral fat, independent of percent total-body fat, with CV risk factors, insulin resistance, and vascular function among children and adolescents. Visceral and subcutaneous fat (measured by CT), total-body fat (measured by DEXA), insulin sensitivity (Mlbm) (measured by euglycemic hyperinsulinemic clamp), ultrasound measures of carotid artery compliance, carotid intima-media thickness, brachial artery flow-mediated dilation and endothelium-independent dilation, blood pressure, and fasting glucose, insulin, and lipids were obtained in 445 children and adolescents ages 6-18 years (234 boys, 211 girls, average age 12.2, SD 3.7). Linear regression analysis, adjusted for age, sex, race, Tanner stage, and percent total-body fat, was used to evaluate associations of visceral fat with CV risk factors, Mlbm, and vascular variables. Visceral fat was associated inversely with Mlbm (p=0.003) and positively with fasting insulin (p=0.002) and triglycerides (p=0.002). Visceral fat levels above, but not below, the mean were associated inversely with endothelium- independent dilation (p<0.0001) and HDL-cholesterol (p=0.002), and positively with systolic blood pressure (p<0.0001), and non-HDL-cholesterol (p<0.0001). Subcutaneous fat was not as consistently associated with risk factors. Visceral fat, especially at levels exceeding the mean, was independently associated with CV risk factors, insulin resistance, and vascular dysfunction among children and adolescents. These findings suggest that the visceral fat depot, even early in life, is associated with increased CV risk. ER  - 
Methylation of PGC1α at 5-7y predicts adiposity throughout childhood: A longitudinal study; Obesity is considered the most important cause of the increase in type 2 diabetes in childhood. Early environmental exposures modify the risk of obesity, but epigenetic association has so far been based on single measurements at time points that are disparate from either the health outcome, or the environmental exposure. Crucial evidence from longitudinal studies linking events over time is lacking. We undertook longitudinal analysis of DNA methylation in the peroxisomal proliferator-γ-co-activator-1α promoter (PCG1α) in blood taken from 40 children (20 boys) annually over nine years. Seven CpG loci were sequenced which have been shown previously to be hypermethylated and associated with decreased PGC1α expression in overweight subjects. The association between methylation of PGC1α at 5-7y, adiposity (DEXA % fat) and insulin resistance (HOMA2-IR) between 9-14y was modelled using generalised estimating equations, taking into account gender, pubertal timing, and physical activity. Methylation of CpG loci at 5-7y showed temporal stability, and predicted future adiposity. Thus, longitudinal tracking co-efficients (p< 0.001 for all loci) were such that methylation at 5-7y predicted 77-88% of the variation in methylation at 14y, and for each unit of methylation at 5-7y, adiposity (% fat) differed by 1.25 (95% CI: 0.47-2.03) at CpG locus -841; 0.75 (0.26-1.24) at CpG -816; 0.63 (0.09-1.17) at CpG -78 and 0.70 (0.01-1.40) at CpG -521 (all p≤0.03). Whilst there were also associations between methylation and insulin resistance, these were attenuated by the inclusion of adiposity in the models. PCG1α is central to energy homeostasis through regulation of mitochondrial function, pancreatic β-cell function and adipogenesis. These findings are novel, and suggest a functional role for early methylation of PCG1α in the later development of obesity and such epigenetic marks in childhood may have predictive value. ER  - 
Birth weight predicts adverse adipokine profile, insulin resistance and abnormal metabolism in chinese children and adolescents: Results from BACMS study; Abnormal intrauterine growth resulting in a birth weight (BW) lower or greater was an independent risk factor for future metabolic disorders. The aim of this study was to clarify the association of BW with insulin resistance (IR), adverse adipokine profile and abnormal metabolism in a population of Chinese children and adolescence. This is a retrospective study including 3091 children and adolescents aged 6 to 18 in the Beijing area from the Beijing Child and Adolescent Metabolic Syndrome (BCAMS) study. The subjects were evaluated with respect to anthropometric measurements, pubertal development, blood pressure, glucose, insulin, lipid profiles, and adipokines including leptin, adiponectin, RBP-4 and resistin. When compared with normal birth weight (NBW) peers, low birth weight (LBW) was a strong determinant for children's IR (OR=1.79, P=0.006), but high birth weight (HBW) predicted current central obesity (OR=1.712,P=0.002) in our study population of Chinese children and adolescents. BW negatively correlated with children's serum leptin level (P=0.008), leptin/adiponectin ratio (P<0.001) and RBP-4(P=0.005), but positively correlated with serum adiponectin level (P=0.006) after adjusting for age, gender, Tanner stage, parental DM history, current body mass index (BMI), family annual income, parental education and children's physical activity. BW negatively correlated with current HOMA-IR (P<0.001) and MetS components including systolic blood pressure (P<0.001), diastolic blood pressure (P=0.007), triglycerides (P=0.003) and fasting plasma glucose (p=0.014) after adjustment for above covariates. In conclusions, a lower BW was a strong predictor for future glucose and lipid metabolic disorder including adipokine changes early in childhood, whereas higher BW predicted childhood central obesity. ER  - 
Sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG) in children is driven by their height, not by their insulin resistance (IR); SHBG is inversely related to IR and widely used as a marker for it. However, it is not possible to attribute cause and effect from cross-sectional association, so we modelled the relationship of SHBG to height and other correlates of IR over time in a longitudinal study of children. Fasting blood samples were taken annually from 307 children (170 boys) aged 5y to 16y and IR derived from the HOMA2-IR programme. Height was adjusted for age and sex according to British 1990 Growth Standards, and lean mass and fat mass were assessed using Dual-Energy X-ray Absorptiometry (DEXA), adjusted for height (mass/height2m) to derive indexes (FMI and LMI). Mean Tanner's Stage (MTS) was calculated at each age to adjust for puberty. Parents SHBG was measured at baseline. For girls, IR rose linearly to 13y (r= 0.81p<0.01), peaked and then fell rapidly. SHBG fell linearly to 13y (r=0.76, p<0.01) and then plateaued. Height increased linearly to 13y (r=0.84, p<0.01), after which it plateaued. SHBG after 13y was not significantly different from the SHBG of their mothers (mean difference: 9.68, t=1.8, p greater than 0.05) implying that SHBG reached its maximum with final height. For Boys, IR rose to 14y, and then fell. SHBG fell throughout and continued to fall after 16y. Height continued to rise after 16y. Linear mixed effect models (9y to 13y) showed that one SD increase in height was associated with a substantial and highly significant fall in SHBG (Girls: -5.56, p<0.01, Boys: -9.47, p<0.001) while IR had no independent effect on SHBG (Girls: p=0.18, Boys: p=0.814). FMI and LMI both remained inversely significant in the model for both genders (p<0.001), while MTS remained significant only for boys (-2.40, p<0.01). These are novel data, and clinically important given the rising toll of insulin resistance and diabetes in youth. SHBG in childhood seems to be associated with growth rather than IR, and its widespread use as a surrogate for IR may need to be reviewed when girls in particular reach final height in their mid-teens. ER  - 
Higher parity is associated with an increased risk of type-II diabetes in Chinese women: The Singapore Chinese Health Study; Objective: The association between parity and type-II diabetes has been studied primarily in Western populations, and the findings have been inconsistent. Here, we examine whether parity was positively associated with incident type-II diabetes in Singaporean Chinese women. Design: Prospective cohort study. Setting: Singapore. Population: A total of 25 021 Singaporean Chinese women aged 45-74 years from the Singapore Chinese Health Study who were free of cancer, heart disease, stroke, and diabetes at baseline (1993-1998). Methods: Women were followed through 2004 for incident diabetes. Hazard ratios for type-II diabetes were computed across parity (of live births) categories and adjusted for baseline age, interview year, dialect, education, smoking, dietary pattern, physical activity, age at menarche, oral contraceptive use, menopausal status, hormone therapy use, and body mass index (BMI). Main outcome measure: Self-reported diabetes, as diagnosed by a doctor. Results: Over an average of 5.7 person-years of follow-up, 1294 women were diagnosed with diabetes. Before and after multivariable adjustment there was a positive graded association between parity and type-II diabetes risk (P < 0.001). In the fully adjusted model, which included adult BMI, the risk of type-II diabetes increased by 31% (from -2 to 76%), 62% (from 22 to 116%), and 74% (from 29 to 133%) for women with one or two, three or four, and five or more live births, respectively, compared with women with no live births. Moreover, in a supplementary multivariate analysis in non-diabetic women we found a positive monotonic association between parity and glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c) (P = 0.01). Conclusions: Increased parity may be a risk factor for type-II diabetes in Chinese women. More research is needed on lifestyle and physiologic factors that may explain this association. © 2013 RCOG. ER  - 
Elevated vaspin and leptin levels are associated with obesity in prepubertal Korean children; Adipokines are associated with obesity. However, the relationships between adipokines, specifically vaspin, obesity, and obesity-related variables remain controversial, and only a few studies have been conducted which examines them in children. We investigated the relationships between obesity in prepubertal Korean children and three types of adipokines: vaspin, leptin, and visfatin. In this cross-sectional study, 168 nine-year-old boys and 176 nine-year-old girls participated in a school-based health examination program. Children were classified as overweight using the Korean Pediatric Society 2007 guidelines. Overweight boys and girls had higher leptin and vaspin levels than both boys and girls of normal weight, whereas only overweight boys had higher visfatin levels than normal weight boys. Leptin, visfatin and vaspin concentrations were correlated with obesity-related variables. A multiple logistic regression analysis showed that systolic blood pressure (SBP), total cholesterol (TC), alanine aminotransferase (ALT), homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), leptin, and vaspin were associated with an increased risk of being overweight, whereas high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol was associated with a decreased risk of being overweight. Elevated vaspin and leptin levels are associated with obesity in prepubertal Korean children. © The Japan Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Metabolic complications and treatment of perinatally HIV-infected children and adolescents; The benefits of long-term antiretroviral therapy (ART) are recognized all over the world with infected children maturing into adults and HIV infection becoming a chronic illness. However, the improved survival is associated with serious metabolic complications, including lipodystrophy (LD), dyslipidemia, insulin resistance, lactic acidosis and bone loss. In addition, the dyslipidemia mainly seen with protease inhibitors may increase the risk of cardiovascular disease in adulthood and potentially in children as they mature into adults. Nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors, particularly stavudine, zidovudine and didanosine are linked to development of LD and lactic acidosis. Perinatally infected children initiate ART early in life; they require lifelong therapy with multiple drug regimens leading to varying toxicities, all potentially impacting their quality of life. LD has a significant impact on the mental health of older children and adolescents leading to poor self-image, depression and subsequent poor adherence to therapy. Reduced bone mineral density (BMD) is reported in both adults and children on ART with the potential for children to develop more serious bone complications than adults due to their rapid growth spurts and puberty. The role of vitamin D in HIV-associated osteopenia and osteoporosis is not clear and needs further study. Most resource-limited settings are unable to monitor lipid profiles or BMD, exposing infected children and adolescents to on-going toxicities with unclear long-term consequences. Improved interventions are urgently needed to prevent and manage these metabolic complications. Longitudinal cohort studies in this area should remain a priority, particularly in resource-limited settings where the majority of infected children reside. Copyright: © 2013 Barlow-Mosha L et al; licensee International AIDS Society. ER  - 
The effect of urinary bisphenol a on short-term repeated measurements of androgen hormones and insulin resistance: EWHA birth &growth cohort study; Objectives: Using BPA exposure data of aged 7 to 8 girls without menarche from Ewha Birth &Growth Cohort, we investigated the effect of BPA on change of androgenic hormones [testosterone, androstenedione, and dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA)] and insulin resistance during the one year follow up period. Methods: During July to August 2011, we conducted a follow-up examination of children aged 7 to 8 and then again one year later. Eighty of the 155 subjects (51.6%) were girls and 48 girls of them (60.0%) were examined twice. In the present study, urinary BPA measured once and categorized into tertiles. We repeatedly measured androgenic hormones, insulin, and glucose. To assess the effect of urinary BPA concentration on change of androgenic hormones and metabolic indices, we used multivariate analysis of variance (MANOVA) for repeated measures adjusting for potential confounders at baseline. Results: The median concentration of urinary BPA of subjects was 14.07ng/mL (inter-quartile range: 4.03-20.72ng/mL). In baseline, there was no significant difference between tertiles except for glucose. After one year later, those who in the top tertile showed higher level on androstenedeione and estradiol compared with the lowest tertile (Bonferroni corrected p value <0.05). In MANOVA, the significant main effect for group was observed in average of androstenedione, insulin, glucose, and homeostatsis model assessment (HOMA) index, and showed marginal signifcance levels in DHEA and testosterone. Moreover, girls in the top tertile had increased level of androstenedione [difference (d) = 1.04] while other groups showed decreased (d for intermediate tertile = -0.02, d for the lowest tertile = -0.28, respectively), but it was not statistically significant. Conclusions: This study suggests that further investigation is required to elucidate the mechanisms linking BPAwith regulation for androgenic hormone. ER  - 
Age at menarche, leg length, and type 2 diabetes in brazilian adults: Findings from the brazilian longitudinal study of adult health (ELSA-Brasil); Studies in Caucasian and Asian populations have suggested earlier puberty is associated with a higher risk of type 2 diabetes (T2D). There have been no studies on this topic from Latin America, where ongoing nutritional transitions may have unique influence on developmental factors and diabetes. In this study we examined leg length (LL) and age at menarche (AAM), as markers of development and pubertal timing, in relation to T2D. We used information from ELSA-Brasil, a cohort of 15,105 Brazilian adults, aged 35-74y at baseline exam (2008-2010). Logistic regression was used to compute odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals for diabetes according to AAM (<11y, ≥11y) and LL (quintiles) after adjusting for baseline age, study center, race/color, maternal education, participant education, income, parity, menopausal status/age, physical activity, smoking status, sitting height, and LL or AAM (model dependent). In a potential mediation model, we further adjusted for BMI and gluteal and waist circumferences. Women with earlier menarche had 50% (21-86%) higher odds of diabetes than those with later menarche; this being attenuated to 25% (0- 57%) after adjustment for concurrent adiposity measures. We also observed an inverse linear association between LL and diabetes, adjusted for AAM, prior to (p = 0.01) and after (p = 0.03) additional adjustment for adiposity measures. Compared to those in the 1st LL quintile, women in the 5th quintile presented diabetes less frequently after full adjustment (OR = 0.67; 0.53-0.85; p for trend < 0.01). Associations of similar magnitude were observed for men (p for trend < 0.01). Thus, leg length and age at menarche are independently associated with T2D, suggesting these developmental markers reflect distinct early-origin pathways to diabetes. Further research is needed to determine the causal factors driving variation in childhood growth and maturation, as these may provide opportunities for primordial prevention of diabetes. ER  - 
Marker of bone formation and oral inflammation in children; Background: Bone remodeling regulates energy metabolism and glucose homeostasis through the action of osteocalcin, a hormone secreted by osteoblasts during bone formation. Both obesity and diabetes are associated with periodontal diseases. Although a negative association between osteocalcin and adult periodontal diseases has been shown, no studies have investigated this association in children. Moreover, most of the adult studies used total osteocalcin, which includes both carboxylated and uncarboxylated forms, when the latter is suggested to be the active form of the hormone. Aim: To examine the extent to which serum uncarboxylated osteocalcin (ucOC) was associated with a marker of oral inflammation, gingival crevicular fluid tumor necrosis factor alpha (GCF-TNF-α), in Caucasian children. Methods: We used data from the QUebec Adipose and Lifestyle InvesTigation in Youth cohort, an ongoing longitudinal study investigating the natural history of obesity among Caucasian children in Quebec, Canada. This cross-sectional analysis from the baseline visit includes 120 children aged 8-10 years, for whom data was available for both total serum ucOC and TNF-α. Serum ucOC and GCF-TNF-α level were both determined by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. Descriptive statistics and linear regression analyses adjusting for potential confounders (age, sex, family income, dental plaque severity, Tanner developmental stage, daily physical activity, and fasting glucose) were conducted, with TNF-α level as the dependent variable. Results: Mean serum ucOC and GCF-TNF- α levels were 19.13 ng/ml and 416.33 pg/ml respectively. A 1-ng/ml increase in serum ucOC was associated with a 0.8% decrease (95% confidence interval: -1.58, -0.09) in GCF-TNF-α level. Conclusion: A negative association between serum ucOC and GCF-TNF-α level was observed. Our findings suggest a complex and dynamic interaction between bone metabolism, energy/glucose homeostasis and oral inflammation. ER  - 
Height, its components, and hematological coagulability among older chinese: The guangzhou biobank cohort study; With new discoveries in genetics and failed randomized controlled trials (RCT) increasingly challenging the causal role of some cardiovascular risk factors, such as HDL-cholesterol and fasting glucose, in cardiovascular disease attention has returned to all the elements of Virchow's triad including hypercoagulability, corroborated by a recent RCT showing reducing hematocrit protected against cardiovascular events. We used multivariable linear regression to assess whether childhood influences, proxied by height and its components, existed for hematocrit (HCT), hemoglobin (HGB) and platelets (PLT) in 28595 older Chinese adults (mean age = 61.8 years) from the Guangzhou Biobank Cohort Study. Adjusted for age and sex, leg length was negatively associated with HCT (-0.011% per cm, 95% confidence interval (CI) -0.02 to -0.001), and PLT (-0.95 ∗109/L per cm, 95% CI -1.14 to -0.77). Sitting height and height were positively associated with HCT (0.06% per cm, 95% CI 0.05 to 0.07 for sitting height; 0.02% per cm, 95% CI 0.009 to 0.023 for height) and HGB (0.21g/L per cm, 95% CI 0.16 to 0.25; 0.06 g/L per cm, 95% CI 0.03 to 0.08) and negatively associated with PLT (-1.1 ∗109/L per cm, 95% CI -1.3 to -0.84; -0.84 ∗109/L per cm, 95% CI -0.97 to -0.72). Sitting height-to-leg ratio was positively associated with HCT (2.4% per cm, 95% CI 1.8 to 2.9), HGB (2.4 g/L per cm, 95% CI 1.8 to 2.9) and PLT (15.8 ∗109/L per cm, 95% CI 5.9 to 25.6). Further adjustment for potential confounders, such as education, smoking and alcohol use little changed the estimates. For the first time we provide anthropometric evidence for the role of pre-pubertal and pubertal exposures in coagulability. Whether factors that promote pre-pubertal and reduce pubertal growth may help to prevent cardiovascular events, via effects on coagulability, overall or in specific sub-groups, such as those with pre-existing disease, remains to be determined. ER  - 
A population-based cross-sectional study of the association between facial morphology and cardiometabolic risk factors in adolescence; Objective: To determine whether facial morphology is associated with fasting insulin, glucose and lipids independent of body mass index (BMI) in adolescents. Design: Population-based cross-sectional study. Setting: Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children (ALSPAC), South West of England. Participants: From the ALSPAC database of 4747 three-dimensional facial laser scans, collected during a follow-up clinic at the age of 15, 2348 white British adolescents (1127 males and 1221 females) were selected on the basis of complete data on cardiometabolic parameters, BMI and Tanner's pubertal stage. Main outcome measures: Fasting insulin, glucose and lipids (triglycerides, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDLc) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDLc)). Results: On the basis of the collection of 63 x, y and z coordinates of 21 anthropometric landmarks, 14 facial principal components (PCs) were identified. These components explained 82% of the variation in facial morphology and were used as exposure variables. With adjustment for age, gender and pubertal stage, seven PCs were associated with fasting insulin, none with glucose, three with triglycerides, three with HDLc and four with LDLc. After additional adjustment for BMI, four PCs remained associated with fasting insulin, one with triglycerides and two with LDLc. None of these associations withstood adjustment for multiple comparisons. Conclusions: These initial hypotheses generating analyses provide no evidence that facial morphology is importantly related to cardiometabolic outcomes. Further examination might be warranted. Facial morphology assessment may have value in identifying other areas of disease risk. ER  - 
Beta thalassemia major in a developing country: Epidemiological, clinical and evolutionary aspects; Beta-thalassemia major (TM) remains to be one of the major health problems particularly in developing countries. Tunisia is a part of the Mediterranean countries mostly affected by this disease which is highly concentrated in small towns in families with low-income earners. The main objectives of this study are to provide a description of the demographic, clinical features and transfusion-related complications in patients with TM living in Tunisia. A standardized questionnaire was sent to clinicians throughout 33 different medical institutions caring for thalassemic patients. 391 transfusion dependant thalassemic patients with a median age of 10.7 years (range 3 months-31 years) were included in the study. The majority originated from the north west of the country.A moderate iron overload between 1501 and 2500 ng/ml was found in 61patients, while 81 patients (26.9%) had a ferritin level more than 2500 ng/ml and greater than 5000ng/ml in 21 patients (6.9%). 51 patients died from complications related to their disease. Heart failure was the main cause of death. The incidence of cardiac, endocrine, and infectious complications will be reviewed. Preventive measures such as health education, carrier screening and premarital screening remain the best ways for lowering the incidence of these diseases, which might be reflected in financial saving, social s and health benefits. ER  - 
Can HbA1c and one-hour glucose concentration in standard OGTT be used for evaluation of glucose homeostasis in childhood?; Objective: To investigate whether glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) and 1-hour glucose level in oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) are useful parameters for evaluation of glucose homeostasis in childhood. Methods: The medical records of 106 obese/overweight children aged from 7 to 18 years who underwent OGTT were evaluated retrospectively. The subjects were divided into 2 groups according to their one-hour glucose concentration. Group 1 consisted of subjects whose one-hour glucose level was <155 mg/dL, and Group 2 consisted of subjects whose one-hour glucose level was ≥155 mg/dL. The fasting and 2-hour glucose concentrations of the groups were compared. The sensitivity and specificity levels were determined using the ROC curve to assess the predictive value of HbA1c for impaired glucose tolerance (IGT). Results: The mean 2-hour glucose concentration of the subjects in Group 2 was significantly higher than that of the subjects in Group 1 (137.8±35.5 mg/dL versus 113.1±21.2 mg/dL, p<0.05). If a 5.5% cut-off value for HbA1c was accepted as predictor of IGT, the sensitivity was 63% and specificity was 70%. 31% of the subjects with HbA1c levels at or above 5.5% had IGT. This rate was significantly lower in subjects who had HbA1c levels below 5.5% (p<0.05). Conclusions: Obese/overweight children and adolescents whose 1-hour glucose level is ≥155 mg/dL in the standard OGTT carry a high risk for IGT. Obese/overweight children and adolescents whose HbA1c level is at or above 5.5% may have IGT even though their fasting glucose level is normal, thus, OGTT is necessary to evaluate the glucose tolerance. © Journal of Clinical Research in Pediatric Endocrinology, Published by Galenos Publishing. ER  - 
Steroid hormone profiles in prepubertal obese children before and after weight loss; Context: Little information is available on the steroid hormone profiles in obese children and their changes after weight loss. Objective: We compared liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry of serum steroid hormone profiles between obese and normal-weight children and studied the differential effects of weight loss on these hormones. Design: This study was a cross-sectional comparison between obese and normal-weight children and a longitudinal 1-year follow-up study during lifestyle intervention in obese children. Setting: The setting of the study was primary care. Patients: Forty obese prepubertal (mean age 8.5 ± 2.1 years, 48% female, mean body mass index 24.8 ± 3.5 kg/m2) and 40 normal-weight children matched for gender, age, and pubertal stage. Intervention: The study consisted of an outpatient 1-year intervention program based on exercise, behavior, and nutrition therapy. Main Outcomes Measures: Progesterone, 17-hydroxyprogesterone, 11-deoxycorticosterone, corticosterone, aldosterone, 11-deoxycortisol, cortisol, cortisone, dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHEAS), androstenedione, T, dihydrotestosterone, insulin resistance index of the homeostasis model assessment, and blood pressure were measured. Results: Prepubertal obese children showed significantly increased androgens (DHEAS, androstenedione, T), mineralocorticoid precursor corticosterone, and glucocorticoids (11-deoxycortisol, cortisol, cortisone) compared with normal-weight children. In contrast to 20 obese children without weight loss, the 20 obese children with substantial weight loss demonstrated a significant decrease of cortisol, cortisone, and corticosterone. Androstenedione and T decreased but DHEAS remained elevated. Changes of the homeostasis model assessment correlated significantly positively with changes of cortisol (r = 0.38) and cortisone (r = 0.43) in partial regression analyses adjusted to changes of weight status. Conclusions: In obese prepubertal children, the increased androgens, mineralocorticoid precursors, and glucocorticoids were responsive to weight loss in contrast to DHEAS, suggesting that DHEAS does not seem to be regulated by changes in body mass index. Copyright © 2013 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Relationship of adipokines (adiponectin, resistin and RBP4) with metabolic syndrome components in pubertal obese children; Aim: To investigate the relationship between serum adiponectin, resistin and RBP4 levels and the components of metabolic syndrome. Patients & methods: Serum adiponectin, resistin and RBP4 levels were detected and analyzed in 148 8-18-year-old Turkish obese pubertal children with/without metabolic syndrome. Results: Adiponectin and resistin concentrations were significantly inversely correlated with BMI standard deviation score, homeostatic model assessment insulin resistance, waist circumference, triglyceride levels and diastolic and systolic blood pressure, and were directly correlated with high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. RBP4 concentrations were directly correlated with homeostatic model assessment insulin resistance, waist circumference, triglyceride levels and diastolic and systolic blood pressure, and inversely correlated with high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. Conclusion: Adiponectin, RBP4 and, in particular, resistin levels may be used as suitable predictive biomarkers of metabolic syndrome. © 2013 Future Medicine Ltd. ER  - 
Links of adolescent- and parent-reported eating in the absence of hunger with observed eating in the absence of hunger; Objective Eating in the absence of hunger (EAH) typically was assessed by measuring snack intake after consumption of a meal. There were no validated self-report measures of EAH. The relationship of adolescent self-report and parent-reported EAH to adolescents' measured intake in the absence of hunger was examined. Design and Methods Ninety adolescents completed the Eating in the Absence of Hunger Questionnaire for Children and Adolescents (EAH-C) to describe eating when not hungry. Parents described children's EAH on a parallel version designed for parents (EAH-P). In a randomized crossover study, adolescent EAH in response to external cues was measured as snack intake after a lunch meal standardized to provide 50% of daily energy requirements and after a large array (>10,000 kcal). Results Parents' reports of children's EAH in response to external cues were associated with greater EAH after both meals, adjusting for body composition, sex, age, race, puberty, and meal intake. Adolescent-reported EAH was unrelated or showed an inverse association with observed EAH. Conclusions Parent-reported EAH showed a positive association with adolescents' observed EAH and may be a useful research and clinical tool for assessing EAH in response to external cues in conditions when laboratory assessments are not feasible. Copyright © 2012 The Obesity Society. ER  - 
A controlled study of lifestyle treatment in primary care for children with obesity; Objective: To evaluate the efficacy of lifestyle treatment in primary care for children with obesity. Methods: In a multicentre study, sixty-four 9-to 13-year-old children with obesity were randomized to one of two 12-month lifestyle treatment programmes. The only difference between the programmes was that a physiotherapist substituted the nurse in one-third of the sessions in an attempt to stimulate physical activity. For comparison, children with normal weight and overweight, and an age-, sex-and body mass indexmatched non-intervention group of children with obesity were used. Results: Anthropometry and laboratory data differed significantly between children with obesity and normal weight at baseline. The follow-up at the end of treatment was attended by 55 children with obesity, 28 and 27 in each treatment arm. The mean (standard deviation) body mass standard deviation score changed by-0.36 (0.3) in the arm involving a physiotherapist and by-0.33 (0.2) in the other arm. These outcomes were not significantly different. Both reductions were significantly greater than the change of-0.14 (0.3) observed in the non-intervention comparison group of children with obesity Conclusion: The efficacy of treatment in primary care for children with obesity seems to be comparable to that reported in the literature. ISRCTN44919688. © 2012 The Authors. ER  - 
Incidence of type 1 and type 2 diabetes in youth in the US Virgin Islands, 2001-2010; Objective: To report the annual incidence of type 1 and type 2 diabetes among youth and to describe characteristics of youth diagnosed with diabetes in the US Virgin Islands (USVI). Research Design and Methods: All residents ≤19years of age diagnosed with diabetes between January 2001 and December 2010 were identified from review of medical records of all hospitals and confirmed by physician query. Results: A total of 82 eligible patients were identified and the registry ascertainment was estimated to be 98.7% complete. The overall age-adjusted annual incidence rates (per 100000) of type 1 and type 2 diabetes for the study period were 15.3 (95% CI: 11.3-20.1) and 9.6 (95% CI: 6.8-13.5), respectively. The incidence of type 1 diabetes increased significantly over the study period, with an epidemic-like threefold increase occurring from 2005 (8.7/100000) to 2006 (26.4/100000; p=0.05). The incidence of type 1 diabetes was highest in the 10-19 age group in girls (25.6/100000), but no age difference was seen in boys, resulting from the lack of a pubertal peak in non-Hispanic Black boys. The incidence of type 2 diabetes rose significantly between 2001 (5.3/100000) and 2010 (12.5/100000; p=0.03). Conclusions: The incidence of type 1 and type 2 diabetes in youth is increasing in the USVI, similar to global patterns. Further studies are needed to explore the missing pubertal rise in type 1 diabetes incidence in non-Hispanic Black boys and factors associated with the epidemic-like increases observed over the decade. © 2012 John Wiley & Sons A/S. ER  - 
Alterations in ventricular structure and function in obese adolescents with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; Objective To determine the association among nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), metabolic function, and cardiac function in obese adolescents. Study design Intrahepatic triglyceride (IHTG) content (magnetic resonance spectroscopy), insulin sensitivity and β-cell function (5-hour oral glucose tolerance test with mathematical modeling), and left ventricular function (speckle tracking echocardiography) were determined in 3 groups of age, sex, and Tanner matched adolescents: (1) lean (n = 14, body mass index [BMI] = 20 ± 2 kg/m2); (2) obese with normal (2.5%) IHTG content (n = 15, BMI = 35 ± 3 kg/m2); and (3) obese with increased (8.7%) IHTG content (n = 15, BMI = 37 ± 6 kg/m2). Results The disposition index (β-cell function) and insulin sensitivity index were ~45% and ~70% lower, respectively, and whole body insulin resistance, calculated by homeostasis model of assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), was ~60% greater, in obese than in lean subjects, and ~30% and ~50% lower and ~150% greater, respectively, in obese subjects with NAFLD than those without NAFLD (P < .05 for all). Left ventricular global longitudinal systolic strain and early diastolic strain rates were significantly decreased in obese than in lean subjects, and in obese subjects with NAFLD than those without NAFLD (P < .05 for all), and were independently associated with HOMA-IR (β = 0.634). IHTG content was the only significant independent determinant of insulin sensitivity index (β = - 0.770), disposition index (β = - 0.651), and HOMA-IR (β = 0.738). Conclusions These findings demonstrate that the presence of NAFLD in otherwise asymptomatic obese adolescents is an early marker of cardiac dysfunction. (J Pediatr 2013;162:1160-8). Copyright © 2013 Mosby Inc. ER  - 
Exogenous insulin requirements do not differ between youth and adults with cystic fibrosis related diabetes; Objective: To examine whether insulin requirements and diabetes control differ between adolescents and adults with cystic fibrosis related diabetes (CFRD). Methods: All CFRD patients on insulin therapy seen at the University of Minnesota outpatient clinic from 1 January 2011 to 1 June 2012 were identified. Hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) levels obtained during this period were averaged for each patient, and the most recent outpatient insulin dose was obtained. In addition, retrospective chart review was performed in order to obtain longitudinal data on insulin requirements during the transition from adolescence to adulthood. Results: Eighteen youth aged 14-19 yr and 137 adults aged 20-67 yr were identified to be currently on insulin therapy. The average insulin dose was 0.38 ± 0.29 units/kg/d for adolescents and 0.46±0.30 units/kg/d for adults (p=0.20). In adults, insulin doses were significantly higher in transplant recipients: Tx=0.58±0.29, no Tx=0.43±0.30 (p=0.005). Average HbA1c was 6.9±2.1% in youth and 6.9±1.5% in adults (p=0.35). There were no changes in the insulin dosage when adolescents transitioned to adulthood with diabetes were not on higher doses of insulin compared to when they were adolescents with diabetes. Conclusion: Modest insulin requirements suggest the persistence of endogenous insulin secretion in both youth and adults with CFRD. In adolescents, residual endogenous insulin secretion likely compensates for the insulin resistance during puberty, keeping insulin requirements low. © 2013 John Wiley & Sons A/S. ER  - 
Leptin, adiponectin, and short-term and long-term weight loss after a lifestyle intervention in obese children; Objective: In overweight children, high leptin levels are independently associated with higher risk for cardiovascular disease, whereas adiponectin seems to be protective against type 2 diabetes and atherosclerosis. The study examines the predictive value of leptin for weight loss after a 4- to 6-wk inpatient therapy and again after 1 y; as well as the association among weight loss, leptin, and adiponectin levels and changes in cardiometabolic risk factors after therapy. Methods: Body mass index (BMI), blood pressure, Tanner stage, and cardiometabolic risk factors were studied in 402 children (59.2% females, 13.9 ± 2.3 y, BMI 33.8 ± 5.7 kg/m2) before and after a 4-to 6-wk inpatient intervention (exercise, diet, and behavioral therapy) and BMI 1 y later (n = 206). Results: BMI was reduced from 33.8 ± 5.7 to 30.5 ± 5.1 kg/m2 (P < 0.001) during the lifestyle intervention and remained unchanged after 1 y. Baseline BMI was positively associated with leptin (r = 0.60; P < 0.001) and cardiometabolic risk factors (blood pressure, high-density lipoprotein [HDL] cholesterol, triglycerides). Baseline leptin was associated with BMI and triglycerides (r = 0.39; P < 0.001), baseline adiponectin with HDL-cholesterol (r = 0.40; P < 0.001). Baseline BMI explained 40.7% of the variance in weight loss during therapy. The combination of BMI, sex, and leptin explained 50.4% of the variance. Neither BMI nor leptin predicted weight changes over the long term. Conclusions: Overweight children maintained a substantial amount of weight loss after participation in a short-term inpatient lifestyle intervention. Baseline BMI was positively associated with weight reduction during the intervention, whereas baseline leptin had only a minor predictive value. © 2013 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Study of primary IGF-1 deficiency in egyptian children with idiopathic short stature; Background/Aims: Primary insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) deficiency (IGFD) is defined by low levels of IGF-1 without growth hormone (GH) deficiency and absence of secondary causes. The aim of this study was to evaluate IGF-1 in Egyptian children with idiopathic short stature (ISS) and describe patients with IGFD. Methods: This cross-sectional study included 50 children with ISS following up at the Diabetes Endocrine and Metabolism Pediatric Unit at Cairo University Pediatric Hospital. Children were included based on the following criteria: (1) short stature with current height standard deviation score (SDS) ≤-2.5; (2) age between 2 and 9 years in boys and 2 and 8 years in girls, and (3) prepubertal status. Exclusion criteria were: (1) identified cause of short stature and (2) pubertal children. IGF-1-deficient children were defined as children without GH deficiency and with IGF-1 levels below the 2.5th percentile. Results: Among 50 children with ISS, 14 (28%) patients had low IGF-1 levels, consistent with the diagnosis of primary IGFD. When compared with non-IGFD children, IGFD children had lower birth weight SDS (-1.8 vs.-0.7 SDS, p < 0.0001) and lower height SDS (-4.2 vs.-3.1 SDS, p < 0.05) and more delayed bone age (2.6 vs. 1.6 years, p = 0.001). Conclusion: Primary IGF-1 deficiency is found in 28% of children with ISS. Copyright © 2013 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Adverse metabolic risk profiles in greenlandic inuit children compared to danish children; Objective During recent decades, the prevalence of metabolic morbidity has increased rapidly in adult Greenlandic Inuit. To what extent this is also reflected in the juvenile Inuit population is unknown. The objective was, therefore, in the comparison with Danish children, to evaluate metabolic profiles in Greenlandic Inuit children from the capital in the southern and from the northern most villages Design and Methods 187 Inuit and 132 Danish children were examined with anthropometrics, pubertal staging, fasting blood samples, and a maximal aerobic test. Results Both Inuit children living in Nuuk and the northern villages had significantly higher glucose, total cholesterol, apolipoprotein A1 levels, and diastolic blood pressure compared with Danish children after adjustment for differences in adiposity and aerobic fitness levels. The Inuit children living in Nuuk had significantly higher BMI, body fat %, HbA1c, and significantly lower aerobic fitness and ApoA1 levels than northern living Inuit children. Conclusions Greenlandic Inuit children had adverse metabolic health profile compared to the Danish children, the differences where more pronounced in Inuit children living in Nuuk. The tendencies toward higher prevalence of diabetes and metabolic morbidity in the adult Greenlandic Inuit population may also be present in the Inuit children population. Copyright © 2013 The Obesity Society. ER  - 
Indices of insulin resistance and dyslipidemia are correlated with lymphocyte proneness to apoptosis in obese or overweight low birth weight children; Aims: Our aim was to study the relationship between markers of cell proneness to apoptosis and indices of insulin resistance and dyslipidemia in children born with low birth weight (LBW). Methods: The study comprised 177 prepubertal children stratified by birth weight and their nutritional status into LBW (n = 138) and normal birth weight (NBW; n = 39) groups. We analyzed DNA from peripheral blood lymphocytes, separated by pulsed-field gel electrophoresis (PFGE), as well as the serum levels of cholesterol, HDL-cholesterol, triglycerides, fasting insulin and glucose, caspase 3, and BCL2. Results: LBW children with a BMI SDS >1.55 demonstrated increased content of the large fragments of the lymphocyte DNA [300-500 kb (DNA 300-500 kb)] in electrophoretic slides (a marker of decreased chromatin stability and susceptibility of cells to apoptosis) compared to the NBW group. In these children the level of DNA300-500 kb exhibited a strong negative correlation with the serum level of antiapoptotic protein of BCL2 (r =-0.901). DNA300-500 kb significantly correlated with calculated indices of insulin resistance: HOMA-IR and QUICKI as well as with the indices of lipid homeostasis (Castelli and AIP). Conclusions: Increased susceptibility of lymphocytes to apoptosis correlated with a higher risk of insulin resistance and lipid disturbance in overweight or obese LBW children. A comprehensive study of the proneness of cells to apoptosis should be implemented to further investigate the pathomechanism of the metabolic syndrome in these children. Copyright © 2013 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Diabetes management and glycemic control in youth with type 1 diabetes: test of a predictive model.; The objective of this study was to test a comprehensive model of biologic (pubertal status), family (communication and conflict), and psychological influences (behavioral autonomy) on diabetes management and glycemic control in a sample of youth (N = 226) with type 1 diabetes recruited during late childhood/early adolescence (ages 9-11 years). The study design was a prospective, multisite, multi-method study involving prediction of diabetes management and glycemic control 1 year post-baseline. The primary outcome measures included diabetes management behaviors based on the Diabetes Self-Management Profile (DSMP) administered separately to mothers and youth and glycemic control measured by glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) obtained by blood samples and analyzed by a central laboratory to ensure standardization. Our hypothesized predictive model received partial support based on structural equation modeling analyses. Family conflict predicted less adequate glycemic control 1 year later (p < 0.05). Higher conflict predicted less adequate diabetes management and less adequate glycemic control. More advanced pubertal status also predicted less adequate glycemic control, but behavioral autonomy did not. Family conflict is an important, potentially clinically significant influence on glycemic control that should be considered in primary and secondary prevention in the management of type 1 diabetes in youth. ER  - 
Diabetes management and glycemic control in youth with type 1 diabetes: test of a predictive model; The objective of this study was to test a comprehensive model of biologic (pubertal status), family (communication and conflict), and psychological influences (behavioral autonomy) on diabetes management and glycemic control in a sample of youth (N = 226) with type 1 diabetes recruited during late childhood/early adolescence (ages 9-11 years). The study design was a prospective, multisite, multi-method study involving prediction of diabetes management and glycemic control 1 year post-baseline. The primary outcome measures included diabetes management behaviors based on the Diabetes Self-Management Profile (DSMP) administered separately to mothers and youth and glycemic control measured by glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) obtained by blood samples and analyzed by a central laboratory to ensure standardization. Our hypothesized predictive model received partial support based on structural equation modeling analyses. Family conflict predicted less adequate glycemic control 1 year later (p < 0.05). Higher conflict predicted less adequate diabetes management and less adequate glycemic control. More advanced pubertal status also predicted less adequate glycemic control, but behavioral autonomy did not. Family conflict is an important, potentially clinically significant influence on glycemic control that should be considered in primary and secondary prevention in the management of type 1 diabetes in youth. ER  - 
Predictors of anxiety and depression in egyptian thalassemic patients; Background: Thalassemic patients are vulnerable to emotional and behavioral problems, up to 23% of thalassemic patients are likely to have psychiatric disorders. Little is known about predictors of these disorders. The aims of this study were to assess the prevalence of anxiety and depression in Egyptian thalassemic patients to identify possible predictors of these psychiatric disorders. Objectives: Thalassemic patients are vulnerable to emotional and behavioral problem, each age group of patients has problems unique to that stage of development, up to 23% of thalassemic children are likely to have psychiatric disorders e.g. anxiety and depression (2,3) as they attend hospital regularly for blood transfusion and frequent absence from school (4). Thalassemia is a chronic illness that badly affects self-esteem in children (5). This low self-esteem is expected to increase the prevalence of anxiety and depression, and could affect badly children future life. Design/Method: A case-control study including 227 thalassemic patients and 252 healthy control of matched age & sex. After thorough history taking & clinical examination, all were examined by a psychiatrist using Clinician Version of Structured Clinical Interview for DSM-IV (SCID-CV), Hospital anxiety and depression scale and Coopersmith Self-Esteem Inventory. Results: Abnormal and borderline anxieties were reported by 37% and 19.8% of thalassemic patients. Abnormal and borderline depressions were reported by 32.6% and 15.4% of patients. The independent predictors of anxiety were hospitalization, low self-esteem, diabetes mellitus, heart failure, or use of chelating agents. The independent predictors of depression were heart failure, hospitalization, diabetes mellitus, short stature and delayed puberty. Conclusion: Thalassemic patients were more vulnerable to anxiety and depression and so, screening and management of such psychiatric disorders should be considered in treating every patient with thalassemia. ER  - 
HsCRP predicts earlier time to mood episode in a Longitudinal Assessment of Manic Symptoms (LAMS-2) study cohort; Objective: Little is known about biological risk for mood disorder onset in children and adolescents beyond historical factors of family history, puberty, and sexual abuse. Vitamin D (VitD), a micronutrient with immune and hormonal action, is linked to depression and psychosis in children and adults. VitD deficiency and systemic inflammation (sys inflam) may drive onset and severity of mood disorders across the lifespan. This pediatric cohort pilot study sought to explore relationships between vitD deficiency, sys inflam, metabolic factors, and mood symptoms. We hypothesized that in youth (+) for sub-threshold manic symptoms or bipolar spectrum disorders, vitD deficiency would associate with systemic inflammation and mood symptom as well as overall illness severity, especially in those with obesity. Methods: Youth enrolled at one of the four LAMS2 study sites were recruited. Data were collected at an annual scheduled visit. Blood was drawn for 25-OH vitD (25OH-D), high sensitivity Creactive protein (hsCRP), tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNFalpha), interleukin-6 (IL-6); and measures were taken for height, weight for body mass index (BMI), and sitting resting blood pressure (BP) x 2. Current and retrospective previously recorded diagnoses, mood symptom severity, and overall functioning via structured interview and ratings were analyzed for relationships with the biologic variables. Results: Youth were an average 13.8 years (SD 1.9), 76% male and 63% white (N = 71). Correlations were all 2-tailed p values. Spearman's rho was significant for: hsCRP and: BMI (0.265, p < 0.03), TNF-alpha (0.261, p < 0.032), and IL-6 (0.368, p < 0.002). Survival analysis of those without mood disorder at baseline (n = 34) indicated an hsCRP >4 mg/L conveyed increased risk for conversion to mood disorder; cumulative survival was 10.9 versus 7 semesters at 78 months (Chi-square = 4.21, p = 0.04). Excluding 2 subjects with hsCRP >10 mg/L (due to possible acute illness), the relationship held (Chi-square = 5.53, p = 0.019). T-tests found an effect size of -0.677 for KMRS. There was no difference between groups [(>4 mg/L, n = 7) or (<4, n = 27)] for demographics; small to large effect sizes were found for BP, 25OH-D, and BMI. Discussion: The strongest biomarker predictor to onset of mood episode was hsCRP, also known as an independent predictor for cardiovascular disease and Type 2 diabetes mellitus. If confirmed in a similar cohort, hsCRP screening may be an easy and useful clinical tool to identify subsyndromal youth at greatest risk for future mood disorder episodes, especially those who are obese. Such biomarker categorization also calls for prevention trials to lower metabolically active fat and systemic inflammation in highrisk youth. Larger prospective studies of potential moderators of systemic inflammation in youth are also needed to determine relative and temporal contributions of physical characteristics and lifestyle habits (diet and exercise), including CNS-active micronutrients such as vitamin D. Personalized plans to prevent full mood disorder episodes can then be developed. ER  - 
Anti-M¸ llerian hormone is not associated with cardiometabolic risk factors in adolescent females; Study question: Is anti-Müllerian hormone (AMH) associated with cardiometabolic risk factors in a general population of adolescent females? Summary answer: Our results suggest that in healthy adolescent females,AMH is not associated with fasting insulin, glucose, HDLc, LDLc or triglycerides. What is known already: Epidemiological evidence for associations of AMH with cardiometabolic risk factors is lacking. Existing evidence comes from small studies in select adult populations, and findings are conflicting. Study design, size, duration: Cross-sectional analyses within a prospective birth cohort study. Participants/materials, setting, methods: AMH, fasting insulin, glucose, HDLc, LDLc, triglycerides and C-reactive protein (CRP) were measured at a mean age 15.5 years in 1,397 female participants in the Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children (ALSPAC). Main results and the role of chance: AMH values ranged from 0.16-35.84ng/ml and median AMH was 3.63ng/ml (IQR: 2.43, 5.55). For females classified as postpubertal (n = 891) at the time of assessment median (IQR) AMH was 3.82ng/ml (2.56, 5.80) compared with 3.26ng/ml (2.25, 5.19) in those classed as pre-/ pubertal (n = 506, P ≤0.001). After adjusting for birth weight, gestational age, pubertal stage, age, ethnicity, socioeconomic position and adiposity, there were no associations with any of the cardiometabolic outcomes. For example fasting insulin changed by 0% per doubling of AMH (95%CI: -3%, +2%) p = 0.70, with identical results if HOMA-IR was used. Results were similar after additional adjustment for smoking, physical activity and age at menarche, and also after exclusion of 3% of females with the highest AMH values. Limitations, reason for caution: We do not have diagnostic information on whether female participants had PCOS; however removing participants with an AMH .2 standard deviations from the mean (the highest 3% of the AMH distribution) did not change any associations. Wider implications of the findings: In a general population of adolescent females,AMHis generally not associated with fasting insulin or other cardiometabolic outcomes. There is a need for further large prospective studies of these associations that include repeat measurements with increasing age in order to understand whether AMH, a marker of ovarian reserve, is importantly related to cardiometabolic health in healthy women as they age from early adolescence to peak reproductive age and beyond. ER  - 
Prenatal exposures and anti-M¸ llerian hormone in female adolescents: The Avon longitudinal study of parents and children; Study question: To examine associations of a range of prenatal exposures (parental age, BMI, smoking, alcohol intake and maternal gestational weight gain (GWG)),other parental reproductive characteristics (time to conception, parity, regularity ofmaternal menstrual periods) and size at birth withAMHlevels in female offspring aged 14-16 years. Summary answer: Parental preconceptual characteristics and environmental exposures in-uteromay influence the long term ovarian development and function in female offspring. What is known already: The reproductive lifespan is partly determined by the number of follicles laid down during fetal development. Maternal characteristics including age,35 years, pre-pregnancy diabetes and smoking during pregnancy, together with both high and low birth weight, have all been associated with earlier age at menopause. In adults, Anti-Müllerian hormone (AMH) levels is a useful surrogate of the ovarian reserve with similar relationships now observed in children. Whether prenatal exposures influence AMH is unknown. Study design, size, duration: Prospective longitudinal birth cohort study with follow up of 2838 singleton adolescent females at 14-16 years, of whom 1,751 (62%) provided a blood sample. Where possible, we compared estimates of associations of maternal exposures with offspring AMH to paternal associations. Participants/materials, setting, methods: AMH was assayed in serum using the AMHGeneration II ELISA.We assessed the crude and adjusted (maternal age and social class) association between the exposure of interest and AMH. In the final model we also added terms for gestational age, offspring pubertal stage and BMI as potential mediators. Main results and the role of chance: Paternal (but not maternal) smoking before and during pregnancyand greaterGWGwere associated with lowerAMHlevels in female adolescent offspring. The frequency of paternal smoking in trimesters 1 and 2 was inversely associated with offspring AMH whilst no association was noted for maternal smoking before pregnancy or in each of the three trimesters. No or irregular maternal menstrual cycles prior to conception were associated with higher offspring AMH. Other characteristics, including parental age, BMI and alcohol intake in pregnancy, parity, and time to conceptionwere not associated with offspring AMH. Limitations, reason for caution: Although AMH directly reflects the number of stereologically determined follicles remaining within the primordial pool in adults, this relationship may differ in children and adolescents. The lack of ultrasound and biochemical information to allow diagnosis of PCOS particularly in mothers but also in offspring is an additional limitation. Wider implications of the findings: In summary, we found that paternal smoking, GWG and irregular periods prior to conception maternal were associated with circulating AMH in female adolescent offspring, suggesting that these exposures may influence the development and function of the female ovary. ER  - 
Quality of life in thalassemia patients: Almadinah experience; Background: Thalassemia major is a genetic disorder affecting beta globin chain synthesis with various clinical manifestation, requiring lifelong regular blood transfusion. common complications related to high iron load are heart failure, liver fibrosis, diabetes mellitus, growth retardation and delayed puberty. Quality of life (QOL) is consider as an important health outcome and index of effective treatment. Few studies conducted on QOL worldwide on thalassemia. To the best of our knowledge this had not been studied in Saudi Arabia or Middle East . Aims: The present study aimed to find out levels of QOL among thalassemia patients in Saudi Arabia at hereditary blood disorders center in AlMadinah Methods:A cross-sectional study was performed on 43 transfusion-dependent thalassemia patients compared with 43 normal subjects, as a control, using World Health Organization Quality Of Life (WHOQOL)-Bref questionnaire; Arabic version. Data were analyzed by Microsoft Excel 2010 and SPSS version 19.0. Chi2 test was used for qualitative variables and t-test was applied for quantitative variables. Binary Conditional Logistic regression was used to determine the differences between cases and controls and QOL domains. P<0.05 was considered significant. Results: 43 thalassemia patients has been examined, 23 males and 20 females age 15-31 years. Compared to 43 peered control group 24 males and 19 females. The level of education was high in 8 patients, secondary school in 14 and 21 had basic education. 26 had serum ferretin < 2500 and 17 were > 2500. 28 were using desferroxamine as iron chelator. 13 were employees, 17 were students. Parent level of education were 23 basic education, 9 secondary and 11 had higher education. There was no statistical difference between patients and control group at Psychological domain (53.4 vs 56.9, P=0.059) and Environmental domain (56.6 vs 57.0, P=0.884). Control group had better Physical QOL than patients (55.4 vs 61.9, P=0.047) while patients had better social QOL (39.3 VS 31.7, P=0.003). Further analysis has shown, basically educated control group had better Physical QOL (P=0.01) while basically educated patients had better social QOL(P=0.00), There was no statistical difference between patients and control group at other domains or higher level of education. Control males had better QOL at Physical (P=0.03) and Psychological domain(P=0.03) with no statistical difference in other domains. Female patients had better QOL at social domains(P=0.04) with no statistical difference in other domains. There was no statistical difference between Saudi patients and Saudi control group. Non-Saudi controls had better QOL at Physical domain(P=0.02) and patients had better QOL at social domains(P=0.00). Older patients had better QOL at social domains(P=0.00), with no statistical difference between patients and control group in other domains or younger age. Among patients group, There was no statistical difference in QOL domains at variables of sex, nationality, level of education, use of Desferroxamine, health status, family history, socioeconomic, Parents level of education and employment. There was a statistical correlation between school, employment and physical health with a better QOL (P=0.01,0.01,0.01 respectively) Summary / Conclusion: QOL in thalassemia patients is similar to control group particularly social life, though physical health is less. Improvement of patients care from all aspects will improve their QOL. More studies in this field is needed with a bigger sample size. ER  - 
Anti-Müllerian Hormone Is Not Associated with Cardiometabolic Risk Factors in Adolescent Females; Objectives: Epidemiological evidence for associations of Anti-Müllerian hormone (AMH) with cardiometabolic risk factors is lacking. Existing evidence comes from small studies in select adult populations, and findings are conflicting. We aimed to assess whether AMH is associated with cardiometabolic risk factors in a general population of adolescent females. Methods: AMH, fasting insulin, glucose, HDLc, LDLc, triglycerides and C-reactive protein (CRP) were measured at a mean age 15.5 years in 1,308 female participants in the Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children (ALSPAC). Multivariable linear regression was used to examine associations of AMH with these cardiometabolic outcomes. Results: AMH values ranged from 0.16-35.84 ng/ml and median AMH was 3.57 ng/ml (IQR: 2.41, 5.49). For females classified as post-pubertal (n = 848) at the time of assessment median (IQR) AMH was 3.81 ng/ml (2.55, 5.82) compared with 3.25 ng/ml (2.23, 5.05) in those classed as early pubertal (n = 460, P≤0.001). After adjusting for birth weight, gestational age, pubertal stage, age, ethnicity, socioeconomic position, adiposity and use of hormonal contraceptives, there were no associations with any of the cardiometabolic outcomes. For example fasting insulin changed by 0% per doubling of AMH (95%CI: -3%,+2%) p = 0.70, with identical results if HOMA-IR was used. Results were similar after additional adjustment for smoking, physical activity and age at menarche, after exclusion of 3% of females with the highest AMH values, after excluding those that had not started menarche and after excluding those using hormonal contraceptives. Conclusion: Our results suggest that in healthy adolescent females, AMH is not associated with cardiometabolic risk factors. © 2013 Anderson et al. ER  - 
Elevated serum gamma-glutamyltransferase is a strong marker of insulin resistance in obese children; Elevated levels of serum gamma-glutamyltransferase (GGT) levels have been found to predict the development of type 2 diabetes in adults. The role of GGT in insulin resistance (IR) among children is largely unknown. We investigated whether GGT among hepatic enzymes is independently associated with IR in obese Korean children. A total of 1308 overweight (above the 85th BMI percentile of Korean reference) boys (n = 822) and girls (n = 486), aged 9-15 years, were studied. Measures acquired included weight, height, percent body fat (BF%), waist circumference, blood pressure, blood glucose and insulin, C-reactive protein, total cholesterol, triglycerides, HDL-Cholesterol, GGT, aspartate aminotransferase (AST), and alanine aminotransferase (ALT). IR was calculated using the homeostasis model assessment (HOMA-IR). Serum GGT and ALT, but not AST, were positively correlated with HOMA-IR in boys (r = 0.222 for GGT; P < 0.05, r = 0.188 for ALT; P < 0.05) and girls (r = 0.292 for GGT; P < 0.05, r = 0.258 for ALT; P < 0.05). In multiple regression analysis for HOMA-IR as dependent variable, GGT (β = 0.068; P = 0.053 in boys, β = 0.145; P = 0.002 in girls) and ALT (β = 0.074; P = 0.034 in boys, β = 0.130; P = 0.005 in girls) emerged as determinants of HOMA-IR after adjusting age, BMI, tanner stage, and triglycerides. Serum GGT level is a strong marker of IR in obese Korean children. © 2013 Seon Yeong Lee et al. ER  - 
Importance of the liver ultrasound scores in pubertal obese children with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; Aim: The purpose of our study was to determine the relationship between liver ultrasound scores and insulin sensitivity in a population of obese children with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and the relationships between other metabolic features and ultrasound scores. Methods: One hundred sixty-nine obese adolescents, 96 girls, and 73 boys (mean age: 12.7±1.3 years, mean body mass index: 26.3±4.6) were enrolled the study. The obese subjects were divided into 2 groups based on their pubertal status. Ultrasonography findings were scored in this study included hepatorenal echo contrast, liver brightness, deep attenuation, and vascular blurring. Scores ranged from 0 to 6 points, and NAFLD was defined if ultrasound score was ≥. 1. Insulin resistance was evaluated by homeostasis model assessment (HOMA-IR) from fasting samples. Results: Prevalence of NAFLD in pubertal children (61.9%) had significantly higher than pre-pubertal children (40.8%) (P= .008). Transaminases ratio was significantly correlated in both prepubertal (r= 0.231; P= .03) and pubertal (r= 0.628, P= 0.017) groups. HOMA-IR values were elevated in both groups; however, liver ultrasound score was positively correlated with HOMA-IR (r= 0.735, P= .014) in pubertal children. Conclusion: NAFLD prevalence among obese children is quite high, especially pubertal adolescents than prepubertal children. We demonstrated an association between insulin resistance and NAFLD ultrasound scoring in pubertal obese children. We suggested that ultrasound examination of the liver be included in the routine check-up of the pubertal obese children with insulin resistance to allow the detection of NAFLD at an early stage. © 2013 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Prioritizing genetic testing in patients with kallmann syndrome using clinical phenotypes; Context: The complexity of genetic testing in Kallmann syndrome (KS) is growing and costly. Thus, it is important to leverage the clinical evaluations of KS patients to prioritize genetic screening. Objective: The objective of the study was to determine which reproductive and nonreproductive phenotypes of KS subjects have implications for specific gene mutations. Subjects: Two hundred nineteen KS patients were studied: 151 with identified rare sequence variants (RSVs) in 8 genes known to cause KS (KAL1, NELF, CHD7, HS6ST1, FGF8/FGFR1, or PROK2/PROKR2) and 68 KS subjects who remain RSV negative for all 8 genes. Main Outcome Measures: Reproductive and nonreproductive phenotypes within each genetic group were measured. Results: Male KS subjects with KAL1 RSVs displayed the most severe reproductive phenotype with testicular volumes (TVs) at presentation of 1.5±0.1 mLvs 3.7±0.3 mL, P<.05 vs all non-KAL1 probands. In both sexes, synkinesia was enriched but not unique to patients with KAL1 RSVs compared with KAL1-negative probands (43% vs 12%; P < .05). Similarly, dental agenesis and digital bone abnormalities were enriched in patients with RSVs in the FGF8/FGFR1 signaling pathway compared with all other gene groups combined (39% vs 4% and 23% vs 0%; P < .05, respectively). Hearing loss marked the probands with CHD7 RSVs (40% vs 13% in non-CHD7 probands; P<.05). Renal agenesis and cleft lip/palate did not emerge as statistically significant phenotypic predictors. Conclusions: Certain clinical features in men and women are highly associated with genetic causes of KS. Synkinesia (KAL1), dental agenesis (FGF8/FGFR1), digital bony abnormalities (FGF8/FGFR1), and hearing loss (CHD7) can be useful for prioritizing genetic screening. Copyright © 2013 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Low body weight andmenstrual dysfunction are common findings in both elite and amateur ballet dancers; Background: Several studies have reported that low body weight and menstrual alterations are very frequent findings in elite dancers, suggesting they could be at risk for associated medical problems. However, it is still largely unknown whether these alterations are also common in the very large number of young amateur dancers. Aim: The aim of this study was to assess whether there is an increased prevalence of menstrual dysfunction also in amateur dancers. Material/ Subjects and Methods: Ninety-two professional ballet dancers, 93 non-professional ballet dancers, and 293 (160 sedentary, 133 physically active) control women, ranging in age 14-23 yr, were included in the study. In these subjects, a detailed questionnaire that included questions on weight, height, age at menarche, training profile and menstrual alterations was administered. Results: BMI was lower in both professional and non-professional dancers than in controls. Frequency of menstrual dysfunction was 51%, 34% and 21% in professional dancers, non-professional dancers and controls, respectively (p<0.0001). Amenorrhea was reported by 23% of professional dancers, vs 1-7% in the other groups (p<0.0001). Age at menarche occurred later in professional dancers than in the other groups. Logistic regression analyses showed that menstrual dysfunction was associated with the training profile in professional dancers, and with BMI in non-professional dancers. Age at menarche was associated with menstrual dysfunction in both groups. Conclusions: This study shows that low body weight and menstrual dysfunction are frequent findings also in amateur ballet dancers. ©2013, Editrice Kurtis. ER  - 
Increasing thyroid-stimulating hormone is associated with impaired glucose metabolism in euthyroid obese children and adolescents; Background: Contrasting data exist regarding the relationship between thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH) and obesity-related risk factors in children. In the present study, we investigated the association between TSH, free T4 (fT4) and cardiometabolic risk factors in euthyroid obese children and adolescents. Methods: A retrospective analysis of patient records was performed on data from 703 multi-ethnic obese children and adolescents who visited an obesity-outpatient clinic. We performed anthropometric measurements, an oral glucose tolerance test, and measured serum TSH, fT4 and lipid levels. Results: A positive association between TSH and the standard deviation score of the body mass index (BMI-Z) was found. After adjustment for ethnicity, sex, pubertal stage and BMI-Z, logistic regression analysis showed significant associations between TSH levels and impaired fasting glucose, impaired glucose tolerance, high total cholesterol, high low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and high triglycerides. No significant associations between fT4 levels and cardiometabolic risk factors were found in linear/logistic regression analysis. Conclusion: In our multi-ethnic cohort of euthyroid obese children and adolescents increasing TSH was associated with impaired glucose metabolism and dyslipidemia. ER  - 
Metabolic control by insulin detemir in basal-bolus therapy: Treat-to-target study in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes; Objective: To assess the efficacy and safety of insulin detemir administered once vs. twice daily in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus. Research Design: In this prospective, open-label, treat-to-target study, 37 patients [mean age 12.7±3yr; diabetes duration 4.2±3yr, hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) 8.8±0.8%] were scheduled to receive insulin detemir once daily before breakfast, with pre-meal insulin aspart, for 16-20wk. Detemir dose titration algorithm was based on age-related target fasting blood glucose levels during 4-8wk. Patients achieving target range continued on once-daily detemir (Group A) if up-titration could not be done due to hypoglycemia patients were switched to twice-daily detemir (Group B). Results: Nineteen (51%) patients continued with once-daily detemir. HbA1c decreased significantly in both groups (A: -0.7%, p=0.02; B: -0.8%, p=0.004), without a significant difference between groups. The frequency of nocturnal hypoglycemic events/week decreased in both groups but a significant change was found only in Group A (10.9-2.7, p<0.05 vs. 8.7-5.8, NS), with no change in frequency of severe hypoglycemic episodes in either group. No significant differences were found between and within groups for body mass index-standard deviation score, insulin requirement or treatment satisfaction. Group B patients were significantly younger than Group A patients (11.5±2.3 vs.13.8±3.2yr, p=0.01), with a higher percentage in active puberty (50 vs. 11%, p=0.003). Conclusion: Since twice-daily determir showed no clinical advantage over once-daily detemir, it appears reasonable to commence all children on once-daily detemir, taking into consideration that younger children and those in active puberty may require twice-daily therapy (ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT00542399). © 2013 John Wiley & Sons A/S. ER  - 
Low vitamin D concentrations among indigenous Argentinean children living at high altitudes; Background: Hypovitaminosis D is an international problem; however, there is little information about its prevalence in apparently healthy Indian children living at high altitudes. Objectives: To determine (i) the prevalence of hypovitaminosis D and (ii) the association of serum vitamin D with the risk factors for diabetes among Indian Koya children. Methods: A cross-sectional study of 290 (129males) school children aged 10.7±2.9yr was performed. Anthropometric measures, blood pressure (BP), Tanner stages and serum levels of glucose, lipids, and insulin were measured. 25-hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D] was measured by radioimmunoassay (Dia Sorin). Results: The prevalence of obesity was 3.4% (10), overweight 3.4% (10), normal weight 79.0% (229), and underweight 14.1 % (41) per CDC reference standards. Concentrations of [25(OH)D] were median 10 (range 8-13ng/mL); 10 (3.4%) had insufficient vitamin D levels (20 to <30ng/mL), 136 (46.9%) had deficient levels (10 to <20ng/mL), 144 (49.7%) had severe deficiency (<10ng/mL) and none had optimal levels (≥30ng/mL). There was an inverse significant correlation between [25(OH)D] and age (r=0.14), body mass index (BMI) (r=0.16), waist circumference (r=0.15), systolic BP (r=0.19), hemoglobin (r=0.19), glucose (r=0.22), insulin (r=0.13), and homeostasis model of assessment-insulin resistance (r=0.16). Multiple linear regression analysis showed that 25(OH)D concentrations were significantly and inversely associated with glucose concentrations (β=-0.28; p=0.02) adjusted for age, BMI, systolic BP, hemoglobin, and insulin. Conclusions: This study demonstrated a high prevalence of both 25(OH)D deficiency and insufficiency and an inverse association between 25(OH)D and glucose concentration in apparently healthy Koya Indian children. Further research is needed to confirm these findings. © 2013 John Wiley & Sons A/S. ER  - 
No effect of the estrogen receptor α gene polymorphisms in the etiology of precocious puberty in girls; Estrogen plays a crucial role in the development and function in reproductive physiology. Estrogens regulate cellular activity through binding to estrogen receptor α (ERα) and β (ERβ). ERα polymorphisms have been associated with changes in age at menarche, menopause onset, and fertility. The aim of this study is to investigate the relationship of ERα gene polymorphisms with central precocious puberty (CPP) in girls. Two hundred and one (201) Korean girls with idiopathic CPP were included in this study along with 100 healthy Korean female adults with pubertal maturation within normal age who served controls. Auxological and endocrine parameters were measured, and both patients and controls were genotyped for PvuII (397 T→C) and XbaI (351 A→G) polymorphisms in the ERα gene. A significantly lower incidence of the CC genotype with PvuII polymorphism were noted among CPP girls than controls (11.9% vs. 22%, P=0.021). However, the clinical parameters did not differ among the 3 genotypes. In addition, there was no significant difference in patients with the XbaI polymorphism compared to controls. The present study reveals that neither PvuII nor XbaI polymorphisms in the ERα gene are associated with onset and progression of puberty. However, further studies are needed to validate the exact function of these polymorphisms. © J. A. Barth Verlag in Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart · New York. ER  - 
Predictors of anxiety and depression in Egyptian thalassemic patients: A single center study; Thalassemic patients are vulnerable to emotional and behavioral problems. Each patient age group exhibits problems unique to that stage of development, and although up to 80 % of thalassemic patients are likely to have psychological disorders, e.g., anxiety and depression, predictors of these disorders remain poorly understood. The present study was designed to assess the prevalence of anxiety and depression in a sample of Egyptian thalassemic patients and to identify predictors of these psychiatric disorders. A case-control study was conducted in 218 thalassemic patients, with 244 healthy subjects as a control. All patients and control subjects were subjected to thorough evaluation of medical history and clinical examination, and examined by a psychiatrist using the clinician version of the structured clinical interview for DSM-IV (SCID-CV), hospital anxiety and depression scale and Coopersmith self-esteem inventory. Abnormal and borderline anxieties were reported by 36.7 and 20.6 % of thalassemic patients, respectively, while abnormal and borderline depressions were reported by 32.1 and 16.1 % of patients, respectively. Hospitalization, low self-esteem, diabetes mellitus and heart failure were independent predictors of anxiety. The independent predictors of depression were heart failure, hospitalization, diabetes mellitus, short stature and delayed puberty. Thalassemic patients were more vulnerable to anxiety and depression, indicating that screening and management for such psychiatric disorders should be considered in treating all such patients. © 2013 The Japanese Society of Hematology. ER  - 
Growth hormone/insulin-like growth factor-1 axis as related to body mass index in patients with idiopathic short stature; Objective: Idiopathic short stature (ISS) is a heterogeneous disorder. An impairment of growth hormone (GH)/insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1)/IGF-1 receptor (IGF-1 R) axis is postulated. To evaluate the somatotropic axis in relation to body mass index (BMI), serum IGF-1, IGF-binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) and the expression of IGF-1 R genes in patients with ISS. Methods: Fifty-five ISS patients (24F/31M) aged 14.6±5.5 years (range 3.5-28.5 years) and 25 BMI- and pubertal stage-matched peers were enrolled in the study. The ISS patients underwent a four-day standard GH stimulation test to evaluate IGF-1 generation. mRNA expression of the IGF-1 R gene in peripheral blood leukocytes was evaluated. ISS patients and controls were compared with respect to anthropometric and laboratory data. The results were also analyzed after subdividing the two groups into low-normal [BMI standard deviation score (SDS) between -2 to -1)] and normal (BMI SDS between -1 to +1) BMI subgroups. Results: Basal serum IGF-1 concentrations were lower in ISS subjects compared to controls who had similar BMI SDS values (p=0.000). Subgroup analyses revealed that there were no significant differences between low-normal BMI ISS subjects and low-normal BMI controls with respect to serum IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 concentrations. However, in the normal BMI ISS subgroup, basal and stimulated IGF-1 levels were significantly lower than the basal values in their control counterparts (basal: p=0.000; stimulated: p=0.007). mRNA expression of IGF-1 R gene was not found to be significantly different in ISS subjects and controls. Conclusions: ISS patients were found to have lower IGF-1 concentrations than BMI-matched peers, a finding supporting presence of an impairment in the somatotropic axis. IGF-1 R expression does not seem to be impaired in ISS patients. ISS patients with low-normal BMI SDS also tend to display a relative IGF-1 resistance, whereas those with normal BMI SDS tend to be less GH-sensitive than healthy peers. © Journal of Clinical Research in Pediatric Endocrinology, Published by Galenos Publishing. ER  - 
Diabetes care, glycemic control, complications, and concomitant autoimmune diseases in children with type 1 diabetes in Turkey: A multicenter study; Objective: Epidemiologic and clinical features of type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) may show substantial differences among countries. The primary goal in the management of T1DM is to prevent micro-and macrovascular complications by achieving good glycemic control. The present study aimed to assess metabolic control, presence of concomitant autoimmune diseases, and of acute and long-term complications in patients diagnosed with T1DM during childhood and adolescence. The study also aimed to be a first step in the development of a national registry system for T1DM, in Turkey. Methods: Based on hospital records, this cross-sectional, multicenter study included 1 032 patients with T1DM from 12 different centers in Turkey, in whom the diagnosis was established during childhood. Epidemiological and clinical characteristics of the patients were recorded. Metabolic control, diabetes care, complications, and concomitant autoimmune diseases were evaluated. Results: Mean age, diabetes duration, and hemoglobin A1c level were 12.5±4.1 years, 4.7±3.2 years, and 8.5±1.6%, respectively. Acute complications noted in the past year included ketoacidosis in 5.2% of the patients and severe hypoglycemia in 4.9%. Chronic lymphocytic thyroiditis was noted in 12%, Graves' disease in 0.1%, and celiac disease in 4.3% of the patients. Chronic complications including neuropathy, retinopathy, and persistent microalbuminuria were present in 2.6%, 1.4%, and 5.4% of the patients, respectively. Diabetic nephropathy was not present in any of the patients. Mean diabetes duration and age of patients with neuropathy, retinopathy and microalbuminuria were significantly different from the patients without these long-term complications (p<0.01). A significant difference was found between pubertal and prepubertal children in terms of persistent microalbuminuria and neuropathy (p=0.02 and p<0.001, respectively). Of the patients, 4.4% (n:38) were obese and 5% had short stature; 17.4% of the patients had dyslipidemia, and 14% of the dyslipidemic patients were obese. Conclusions: Although the majority of the patients in the present study were using insulin analogues, poor glycemic control was common, and chronic complications were encountered. © Journal of Clinical Research in Pediatric Endocrinology, Published by Galenos Publishing. ER  - 
Hypothyroidism and hyperthyroidism in relation to endometrial cancer: A prospective study; Background Thyroid hormones may be involved in tumorigenesis and metastasis in hormone sensitive cancers. Thyroid hormones strongly influence the menstrual cycle, implantation and fertility, suggesting that thyroid hormones also could play a role in the development of endometrial cancer (EC), which is hormone-sensitive. No prospective studies have examined this association. Methods We prospectively evaluated the association between self-reported physician-diagnosed hypothyroidism and hyperthyroidism in the Nurses' Health Study (NHS) from 1976 - 2010. Reports of thyroid dysfunction were based on self-report on biennial follow-up questionnaires, and have shown high validity when compared to medical records. Incident EC cases were confirmed with medical, pathology and death records. Multivariate rate ratios (RRs) for endometrial cancer were calculated, adjusting for major EC risk factors (i.e., body mass index, smoking, parity, age at last birth, oral contraceptive use, family history, age at menarche, age at menopause, postmenopausal hormone use, type 2 diabetes, and height). Results During 34 years of follow-up in NHS, we documented 917 cases of incident EC. Compared to those without any reported thyroid dysfunction, the multivariable RR for hypothyroidism was 0.99 (95% CI, 0.75-1.30) and the null associations were consistent across categories of time since hypothyroidism diagnosis. The multivariable RR for hyperthyroidism was 1.38 (95% CI 0.79 - 2.41). An association was observed with longer time since hyperthyroidism diagnosis (median time since hyperthyroidism diagnosis was 6 years in NHS); the RR for EC associated with 6+ years since hyperthyroidism diagnosis was 2.08 (95% CI, 1.02, 4.23). Conclusions Overall self-reported hypothyroidism and hyperthyroidism were not associated with risk of EC; however, longer time since hyperthyroidism diagnosis may be associated with an increased risk of EC. Due to the overall small number of cases with hyperthyroidism, on-going analyses will incorporate results from the Nurses' Health Study II to increase power for these analyses. ER  - 
Testosterone concentrations in young pubertal and post-pubertal obese males; Objective: Obesity in adult males is associated with hypogonadotropic hypogonadism. We evaluated the effect of obesity on plasma testosterone concentrations in pubertal and post-pubertal young males. Design and methods Morning fasting blood samples were obtained from 25 obese [body mass index (BMI) ≥95th percentile] and 25 lean (BMI <85th percentile) males between the ages 14-20 years with Tanner staging ≥4. Total (TT) and free testosterone (FT) and estradiol concentrations were measured by liquid chromatography tandem mass spectrometry and equilibrium dialysis. Free testosterone was also calculated using SHBG and albumin. C-reactive protein (CRP), insulin and glucose concentrations were measured and homoeostasis model of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) was calculated. Results After controlling for age and Tanner staging, obese males had a significantly lower total testosterone (10.5 vs 21.44 nmol/l), free testosterone (0.22 vs 0.39 nmol/l) and calculated free testosterone (0.26 vs 0.44 nmol/l) concentrations as compared to lean males (P < 0.001 for all). Obese males had higher CRP concentrations (2.8 vs 0.8 mg/l; P < 0.001), and HOMA-IR (3.8 vs 1.1; P < 0.001) than lean males. Free testosterone concentrations were positively related to age and negatively to BMI, HOMA-IR and CRP concentrations. Total and free estradiol concentrations were significantly lower in males with subnormal testosterone concentrations. Conclusion Testosterone concentrations of young obese pubertal and post-pubertal males are 40-50% lower than those with normal BMI. Obesity in young males is associated with low testosterone concentrations, which are not secondary to an increase in estradiol concentrations. Our results need to be confirmed in a larger number of subjects. © 2012 Blackwell Publishing Ltd. ER  - 
Childhood adversity and pubertal timing: Understanding the origins of adulthood cardiovascular risk; Objective: To determine whether greater childhood adversity relates to younger menarcheal age; whether younger menarcheal age relates to increased CVD risk; and whether greater childhood adversity relates to increased CVD risk, directly or indirectly (mediated by menarcheal age). Methods: Among 650 pre-menopausal women (ages 25-45; M=34.9[5.6]), SEM was performed to estimate relations between childhood adversity, menarcheal age, and CVD risk. Results: Results supported a covariate-adjusted model (RMSEA = 0.035; CFI = 0.983) in which greater childhood adversity was related to younger menarcheal age ( β= -.13, p<.01) and younger menarcheal age was related to greater CVD risk ( β= -.18, p< .05). Direct and indirect effects of childhood adversity on CVD risk were non-significant. Re-evaluation of the same model with additional covariate-adjustment for adulthood body composition showed the relation between menarcheal age and CVD risk attenuated ( β= -.03, p= .376). Conclusions: Cross-sectional evidence suggests family-related adversity experiences in childhood confer risk for earlier menarche which, in turn, relates to increased CVD risk in adulthood, possibly via post-pubertal body size. © 2013 Elsevier B.V. ER  - 
Timing and duration of obesity in relation to diabetes: Findings from an ethnically diverse, nationally representative sample; OBJECTIVE-The influence on diabetes of the timing and duration of obesity across the highrisk period of adolescence to young adulthood has not been investigated in a population-based, ethnically diverse sample. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS-A cohort of 10,481 individuals aged 12-21 years enrolled in the U.S. National Longitudinal Study of Adolescent Health (1996) was followed over two visits during young adulthood (18-27 years, 2001-2002; 24-33 years, 2007-2009). Separate logistic regression models were used to examine the associations of diabetes (A1C ≥6.5% or diagnosis by a health care provider) in young adulthood with 1) obesity timing (never obese, onset <16 years, onset 16 to <18 years, onset ≥18 years) and 2) obesity duration over time (never obese, incident obesity, fluctuating obesity, and persistent obesity), testing differences by sex and race/ethnicity. RESULTS-Among 24- to 33-year-old participants, 4.4% had diabetes (approximately half were undiagnosed), with a higher prevalence in blacks and Hispanics than whites. In multivariable analyses, women who became obese before age 16 were more likely to have diabetes than women who became obese at or after age 18 (odds ratio 2.77 [95% CI 1.39-5.52]), even after accounting for current BMI, waist circumference, and age at menarche. Persistent (vs. adult onset) obesity was associated with increased likelihood of diabetes in men (2.27 [1.41-3.64]) and women (2.08 [1.34-3.24]). CONCLUSIONS-Diabetes risk is particularly high in individuals who were obese as adolescents relative to those with adult-onset obesity, thus highlighting the need for diabetes prevention efforts to address pediatric obesity. © 2013 by the American Diabetes Association. ER  - 
Patterns of use of insulin-sensitizing agents among diabetic, borderline diabetic and non-diabetic women in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys; The purpose of this cross-sectional study based on the 2001-2006 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey is to examine demographic, socioeconomic, lifestyle and reproductive characteristics that may distinguish users and non-users of insulin sensitizing agents among the US diabetic, borderline diabetic and non-diabetic women. Use of insulin-sensitizing agents was evaluated among 19579 (3882 diabetic, 387 borderline diabetic and 15310 non-diabetic) women. Overall, 2% of women in the study sample were users of insulin-sensitizers, including metformin, rosiglitazone and pioglitazone. Multivariate logistic regression models were constructed for predictors of insulin-sensitizer use according to diabetic status. In the overall sample, being younger or diabetic were the only factors associated with an increased odds of using insulin-sensitizing agents, after adjustment of confounders. Among diabetics, use of insulin-sensitizing agents was inversely related to age, but not other factors in the multivariable model. Among borderline and non-diabetics, body mass index (BMI) was the only predictor that remained significantly associated with the use of insulin-sensitizing agents after controlling for confounders. In conclusion, the main predictors of insulin-sensitizer use are young age and diabetic status in all women, young age in diabetic women and high BMI in borderline and non-diabetic women. © 2013 Informa UK Ltd All rights reserved: reproduction in whole or part not permitted. ER  - 
Comparison of detection of normal puberty in girls by a hormonal sleep test and a gonadotropin-releasing hormone agonist test; Context: The magnitude of sleep-related gonadotropin rise required to activate pubertal feminization is not established. Objective: The objective of the study was to determine the normal relationship of pubertal hormone responses to sleep and to GnRH agonist (GnRHag) challenge across the female pubertal transition. Design/Setting: This was a prospective study in a General Clinical Research Center. Participants: Sixty-two healthy 6- to 13-year-old volunteer girls participated in the study. Interventions: Interventions included overnight blood sampling followed by GnRHag (leuprolide acetate) injection. Primary Outcome Variables: The primary outcome variables included LH, FSH, and estradiol. Results: LH levels rose steadily during sleep and after GnRHag throughout the prepubertal years. The LH response to sleep and GnRHag correlated well across groups (eg, r = 0.807, peak vs 4 h post-GnRHag value); however, this correlation was less robust than in boys(r = 0.964, P< .01). Sleep peak LH of 1.3 U/L or greater had 85% sensitivity and 2.1 U/L or greater 96% specificity for detecting puberty (thelarche). The LH 1-hour post-GnRHag value of 3.2 U/L or greater had 95% sensitivity and 5.5 U/L or greater 96% specificity for detecting puberty. Girls entered puberty at lower LH levels than boys. FSH levels rose day and night during the prepubertal years to reach 1.0 U/L or greater during puberty but discriminated puberty poorly. Estradiol of 34 pg/mL or greater at 20-24 hours after GnRHag was 95% sensitive and 60 pg/mL or greater was 95% specific for puberty. Thirty-six percent of overweight early pubertal girls had meager hormonal evidence of puberty. Conclusions: These data suggest that sleep-related pubertal hormone levels critical for puberty are normally reflected in the responses to GnRHag testing across the normal female pubertal transition. Inconsistencies between clinical and hormonal staging may arise from peripubertal cyclicity of neuroendocrine function and from excess adiposity. Copyright © 2013 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Associations between age at menarche and menopause with cardiovascular disease, diabetes, and osteoporosis in Chinese Women; Context: Ages at menarche and menopause are associated with cardiovascular disease (CVD), diabetes, and osteoporosis in Caucasian women, but associations remain unexplored in Chinese women. Objective: The purpose of this study was to assess associations between age at menarche and menopause with CVD, diabetes, and osteoporosis in Chinese women. Design and Setting: A cross-sectional, population-based study was conducted in Fujian, China, from June 2011 to January 2012. Participants: Among 6242 women aged 21 to 92 years, 3304 postmenopausal women were enrolled, excluding premenopausal women (n = 2527), those with unreported ages at menarche and menopause (n = 138), those with unrecorded physical measurements (n = 203), and those with menarche age <8 years or >20 years (n = 70). Main Outcome Measures: An oral glucose tolerance test, a 12-lead resting electrocardiogram, and calcaneus quantitative ultrasound were performed. Results: No significant associations were found between menarche age, diabetes, and osteoporosis (both P > .05); later menarche (>18 years) was significantly associated with lower CVD risk (odds ratio = 0.71, 95% confidence interval, 0.57-0.89; P = .002). Menopause age was not associated with diabetes; higher menopause age was associated with decreasing CVD risk (P for trend = .020) and earlier menopause (≤46 years) with significantly higher osteoporosis risk (odds ratio = 1.59, 95% confidence interval, 1.07-2.36; P = .023). Conclusions: In China, ages at menarche and menopause are not associated with diabetes. Later menarche and menopause are associated with decreasing CVD risk and earlier menopause with higher osteoporosis risk. Menarche and menopause history may help identify women with increased risk of developing CVD and osteoporosis. Copyright © 2013 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
The ApoB/A-I ratio and metabolic syndrome in prepubertal children; Background: Studies about the relationship of apolipoproteins (apo) and metabolic syndrome in children are scarce. In this study, we analyze apo levels and determine the best cutoff point of the apoB/A-I ratio to diagnose dyslipidemia in prepubertal children with metabolic syndrome. Methods: A community-based, cross-sectional study that enrolled 337 children with Tanner stage 1 and average age and body mass index of 9.7±1.6 years and 19.2±3.8 kg/m2 was carried out. Diagnosis of acute or chronic illnesses constituted the exclusion criteria; in addition, children undergoing medical treatment or receiving vitamins and/or oral supplements were not included. Results: Metabolic syndrome was identified in 42 (12.5%) children (19 girls and 23 boys). The mean apoB/A-I ratio in the children with metabolic syndrome was 0.67±0.18. The best cutoff point of the apoB/A-I ratio for recognizing dyslipidemia was 0.60 (area under the receiver operating characteristic curve, 0.778; sensitivity 80%, specificity 55%). A total of 102 children exhibited apoB/A-I ratio ≥0.60. Diagnosis of metabolic syndrome was performed in 42 (41.2%) children. Among children with metabolic syndrome, 38 (90.5%) had hypertriglyceridemia, 34 (81.0%) low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), 32 (76.2%) hypertriglyceridemia+low HDL-C, and 40 (95.2%) an apoB/A-I ratio ≥0.60. Conclusion: Our results show that the best cutoff point of the apoB/A-I ratio for recognizing dyslipidemia in prepubertal children is 0.60 and that among children with metabolic syndrome, an apoB/A-I ratio ≥0.60 is the marker of dyslipidemia with the highest frequency. © Copyright 2013, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. 2013. ER  - 
Predicting growth response among Egyptian prepubertal idiopathic isolated growth hormone deficient children; Objective: To determine the predictors of growth response to growth hormone treatment in a group of isolated idiopathic growth hormone (GH). Patients and methods: 477 GH deficient (GHD) children with GH therapy were included in the study. Patients were followed up for a minimum of 1 year and up to 6 years. Multiple linear regressions were performed to identify predictors of growth response to rhGH in the first 4 years of treatment. Results: In the first year, three significant predictors of growth were identified: GH peak [ln (ug/L)], age of onset of therapy and target height-height SDS. In the second and third years of therapy, growth velocity (GV) was both significantly and positively correlated to the GV (cm/year) of the previous year. Conclusion: Prediction models offer a valuable tool for individualization and assuring adherence to rhGH and thus a cost effective treatment, which is the ultimate goal of GH therapy. ER  - 
A cross-sectional study of osteocalcin and body fat measures among obese adolescents; Osteocalcin (OCN), a marker of osteoblast activity, has been implicated in the regulation of energy metabolism by the skeleton and thus may affect body fat measures. Objective: To examine the relationships of OCN to body fat measures and whether they vary according to markers of energy and vitamin D metabolism. Design and Methods: Data were obtained from 58 obese adolescents aged 13-17.9 years (38 females, 8 black or African-American). Total fat mass (FM) [dual X-ray absorptiometry (DXA)] and visceral adipose tissue (VAT) [computerized axial tomography (CT)] were calculated. Blood tests included leptin, OCN, 25-hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D], parathyroid hormone (PTH), thyroid function tests, and triglycerides. Markers of glucose metabolism were obtained from fasting and OGTT samples. Results and Conclusions: Adolescents with 25(OH)D <20 ng mL-1 were considered deficient (n = 17/58); none had high PTH (PTH ≥ 65 pg mL-1). OCN was associated with lower VAT (-84.27 ± 33.89 mm2) and BMI (-0.10 ± 0.05 kg m-2), not FM (P = 0.597) in a core model including age, sex, race, geographic latitude, summer, height z-score, and tanner stage. Adding 25(OH)D deficiency and PTH attenuated the inverse association of OCN to VAT. There was a significant interaction of OCN and 25(OH)D deficiency on FM (0.37 ± 0.18 kg, P = 0.041) and BMI (0.28 ± 0.10 kg m-2, P = 0.007) in this adjusted model, which was further explained by leptin. Adding A1C to the core model modified the relationship of OCN to VAT (-93.08 ± 35.05 mm 2, P = 0.011), which was further explained by HOMA-IR. In summary, these findings provide initial evidence for a relationship between OCN and body fat measures that is dependent on energy metabolism and vitamin D status among obese adolescents. Copyright © 2012 The Obesity Society. ER  - 
Long-term outcome of biopsy-proven minimal-change nephrotic syndrome in Chinese children; Background Previous studies have shown that up to 40% of childhood-onset minimal-change nephropathy (MCN) cases persist after puberty. However, data are scarce concerning the long-term renal prognosis and prevalence of treatment-related complications of this group of patients after they become adults. Materials and methods The clinical records of 55 consecutive pediatric patients with biopsy-proven MCN treated in our hospital from 1984 to 2004 were reviewed to evaluate the disease pattern, treatment regimen, and the development of treatment-related complications. Results Of the 55 patients treated, 35 were followed after age 18 years; 13 (37%) had relapses during adulthood. Treatment-related complications were observed in 20 patients (57%), including being overweight (23%), impaired fasting glucose (14%), infertility (14%), persistent low grade proteinuria (11%), fracture (9%), and hypertension (9%). All patients had normal renal function when last assessed. Conclusion A substantial proportion of patients with childhood-onset MCN continued to have relapse after they became adults. Although almost all patients have normal renal function, prolonged use of steroid and immunosuppressive agents results in a considerable risk of treatment-related complications. Life-long follow-up seems advisable for this group of patients, not only for detecting relapses, but also to allow timely diagnosis of treatment-related complications. ER  - 
Factors associated with menopausal age in Iranian women: Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study; Aim: Menopause, considered a special event in a woman's life, has a wide age range, 40-60 years, and there is no consensus regarding the factors influencing it. We aimed to assess factors affecting the menopausal age in a population of women participants of the Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study. Material and Methods: For the present study, 1114 women were selected from among participants of the Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study. Following implementation of our inclusion criteria, their reproductive histories and demographic background as well as anthropometric parameters were assessed, and ordinal regression analysis was conducted using spss version 15. Results: The mean estimated age at menopause ± standard deviation was 49.6 ± 4.5 years. Menopausal age was considerably lower among women with a history of smoking (P = 0.05), and it increased with increasing age of menarche (P = 0.04) and number of children (P = 0.05). There was no significant correlation between the mean age of menopause and the educational level and anthropometric parameters. Conclusion: The smoking status, parity and the age of menarche are the influencing factors of age at menopause among the Iranian population. © 2012 Japan Society of Obstetrics and Gynecology. ER  - 
Endometrial thickness in women with ovulatory dysfunction; This study is designed to evaluate the relationship between endometrial thickness and clinical/biochemical parameters in women with chronic anovulation. One hundred and twenty women with ovulatory dysfunction were prospective included, endometrial thickness and endocrine and metabolic parameters were measured. The interval between the examination day and the day of the most recent menstrual bleeding (the anovulatory interval) for the studied subject was an average of 145 ± 186 days. The endometrial thickness averaged 7.1 ± 3.2 mm. Correlation analyses revealed that the endometrial thickness was positively correlated with body mass index but was not correlated with age, serum androgens, or estradiol (E2) levels. We further classified the subjects into two groups based on endometrial thickness: Group A, endometrial thickness <7 mm and Group B, endometrial thickness ≥7 mm. The anovulatory interval, follicle-stimulating hormone, luteinizing hormone, E2 and androgen levels were not significantly different between Groups A and B. Group B had higher body weight and more risk for metabolic syndrome. We concluded that endometrial thickness in women with ovulatory dysfunction is positively correlated with body weight status but is not correlated with serum androgens or E2 levels. © 2013 Informa UK Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Body mass index at the time of diagnosis of autoimmune type 1 diabetes in children; Objectives: To describe the body mass index (BMI) distribution of children developing autoimmune type 1 diabetes (T1D) compared with the general population and to assess factors associated with BMI at T1D onset. Study design: Children age 2-<19 years enrolled in the Pediatric Diabetes Consortium at 7 US pediatric diabetes centers at T1D onset were included. Eligibility for analysis required a diagnosis of T1D, ≥1 positive diabetes autoantibody, and availability of BMI within 14 days of diagnosis. BMI at diagnosis was compared with the general population as described by the 2000 Centers for Disease Control. Regression analysis was used to assess the association between BMI and various participant characteristics. Results: BMI scores for the 490 participants were slightly lower than the 2000 Centers for Disease Control population (P =.04). The median BMI percentile for age and sex was 48 th, 11% of the children were overweight (BMI ≥85th and <95th percentile), 8% obese (BMI ≥95th and <99th percentile), and 2% severely obese (≥99th percentile), percentages that were comparable across age and sex groups. Higher BMI Z-scores were associated with African American and Hispanic race/ethnicity (P =.001) and lower hemoglobin A1c (P <.001), and diabetic ketoacidosis, age, and Tanner stage were not associated. Conclusions: Although the BMI distribution in children developing autoimmune T1D was lower than that of the general population, 21% of children were obese or overweight. Youth who are overweight, obese, racial/ethnic minority, and/or present without diabetic ketoacidosis should not be presumed to have type 2 diabetes because many patients with autoantibody-positive T1D present with the same clinical characteristics. © 2013 Mosby Inc. ER  - 
Increased circulating High-Sensitivity Troponin T concentrations in children and adolescents with obesity and the metabolic syndrome: A marker for early cardiac damage?; Objective: Childhood obesity is associated with an increased risk for atherosclerosis mediated by the pathogenetic mechanisms that lead to the development of the Metabolic Syndrome (MetS). High-Sensitivity Troponin T (hs-TnT) is a specific marker of ischemic myocardial damage, whereas a minimal elevation of this biomarker has been found in adults with a high-risk for cardiovascular disease. We hypothesized that hs-TnT might be altered in obese children with and/or without the Mets. Materials and Methods: Fifty-seven (34 males) obese and 25 non-obese (6 males) children were assessed at the Childhood Obesity Clinic of our department. Obesity was defined using the IOTF criteria. Metabolic syndrome was defined with the IDF criteria. Hs-TnT was measured using an electrochemiluminescence-based assay. Results: The entire group of obese children had significantly higher hs-TnT concentrations [4.1 ± 3.4 ng/L] (p=0.029) than the non-obese ones [3.0 ± 0.2 ng/L), however, in both groups the levels of the cardiac biomarker were within the normal range. Comparison of the obese children with or without the MetS and the non-obese, revealed that those with the MetS had significantly higher hs-TnT (6.7±7.1 ng/L) than the obese without MetS (3.7 ± 2.1 ng/L) [p=0.044], and the non-obese [p=0.014]. Hs-TnT did not differ between the obese without MetS and the non-obese. Conclusions: Circulating concentrations of hs-TnT in obese children with the MetS are higher than those of the obese without the MetS and the non-obese, suggesting that it is obesity-related metabolic changes rather than obesity per se linked to increased hs-TnT in children. © 2013 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Impact of gestational diabetes mellitus on pubertal changes in adiposity and metabolic profiles in Latino offspring; Objective: To examine the impact of maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) status on longitudinal changes in adiposity and metabolic variables in overweight Latino offspring (from age 8-20 years) across puberty. Study design: This longitudinal cohort of 210 overweight Latino children was measured annually for a period of 3 ± 1 years for Tanner stage through physical examination, adiposity by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry and magnetic resonance imaging, lipids, and glucose and insulin action via the oral glucose tolerance test and frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test. Linear mixed-effects modeling estimated the impact of maternal GDM status on baseline and changes in adiposity and metabolic variables across puberty. Results: In our cohort, 22% of offspring were from GDM pregnancies. At baseline, the GDM offspring were heavier at birth, more likely to have a family history of type 2 diabetes, and less likely to have been breastfed (for any duration). Compared with the non-GDM offspring, the GDM offspring had greater increases in total body fat (+6.5% vs +4.5%; P = .03) and steeper declines in acute insulin response (-39% vs -17%; P < .001) and disposition index (-57% vs -35%; P < .001) across Tanner stages, independent of ethnicity, sex, breastfeeding status, family history of diabetes, and baseline and changes in body composition. Conclusion: These findings confirm the elevated risk for excess adiposity and type 2 diabetes in GDM offspring, and further underscore the need for interventions targeting Latino GDM and their offspring. © 2013 Mosby Inc. ER  - 
Factors affecting nutritional status among pediatric patients with transfusion-dependent beta thalassemia; Malnutrition affects the growth, efficacy of treatments and quality of life in children suffering from thalassemia. This study was conducted to assess the nutritional status of thalassemic patients and to determine the factors involved. Data were obtained from 140 thalassemic patients aged 8-18 years in Mashhad, Iran, on anthropometry, food record and biochemical profile. The prevalence of malnutrition was 44.3 % for boys and 19.6 % for girls, as determined by low body mass index. Furthermore, 44.3 % of boys and 37.7 % of girls were found to be of short stature. Sum of triceps and subscapular skinfold thickness and arm muscle area (AMA) calculation showed the incidence of 7.4 % leanness and 60.7 % wasting among thalassemic children and adolescents. The average of energy intake met 74 % of recommended dietary allowance, although more than 71 % under-reporting was calculated for food records. The intake of energy, macronutrients, zinc, iron and vitamin E was positively correlated (P < 0.05) with anthropometric measures. Age, age at first transfusion, age of starting chelation and serum alkaline phosphatase were considered as positive predictors for nutritional status, whereas puberty, gender and fasting blood sugar as negative predictors. Nutritional status of thalassemic children and adolescents should be monitored, focusing on their nutrition education and supplementation, treatment protocol and control on blood sugar. These may play important roles in enhancing the quality of life in thalassemic children and adolescents. © 2012 Springer-Verlag Italia. ER  - 
Association of optimism with cardiometabolic risk in adolescents; Purpose: Dispositional optimism is a psychological trait associated with cardiovascular disease outcomes in adults. However, it is not known whether these associations are present in adolescents. We attempted to determine whether an association exits between optimism and 9 biomarkers of cardiometabolic risk during adolescence. Because cardiometabolic risk differs by race and ethnicity, we also explored whether race and ethnicity moderated the optimism- cardiometabolic risk relationship. Methods: This was a cross-sectional study of 529 non-Hispanic white and 421 non-Hispanic black seventh through 12th graders living in greater Cincinnati in 2001-2002. We measured dispositional optimism with the Life-Orientation Test-Revised as a single continuum and as separate optimism and pessimism dimensions. Multivariable regression analyses tested for associations between optimism and nine biomarkers of risk (interleukin-6, tumor necrosis factor-α, lipids, insulin, glucose, and fibrinogen), adjusting for age, gender, parent education, body mass index, smoking, and pubertal stage. Results: Dispositional optimism with the Life-Orientation Test-Revised as a single continuum was inversely associated with two risks (interleukin-6, β = -.03, p =.02; insulin, β = -.02, p =.01), but only among blacks. Optimism and pessimism were inversely related (R = -.27, p <.001) and both were higher in blacks than whites (p <.001). Optimism was directly associated with high-density lipoprotein among all subjects (β =.42, p =.03), and among blacks (β =.74, p =.02) but not whites. Among blacks, optimism was also inversely associated with interleukin-6 (β = -.07, p =.001) and triglycerides (β = -.02, p =.04). Pessimism was inversely associated with glucose, but only in whites (β = -.38, p =.03). Conclusions: Associations between dispositional optimism and cardiometabolic risks are present in adolescence and vary by race and ethnicity. A better understanding of the natural history of these associations over the lifespan may help decrease disparities and prevent cardiometabolic disease. © 2013 Society for Adolescent Health and Medicine. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Cross-sectional and longitudinal relationships of body mass index with glycemic control in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus; Aims: Weight gain is an oft-cited outcome of improved glycemic control in adults with type 1 diabetes, though few studies have investigated this in youth. The purpose of this paper was to examine cross-sectional and longitudinal associations of body mass index (BMI, kg/m2) with glycemic control in youth with type 1 diabetes (n=340, 12.5±1.7year, 49% female, duration ≥1year) participating in a 2-year multi-center intervention study targeting family diabetes management. Methods: BMI was calculated from height and weight measured at clinic visits. Glycohemoglobin (HbA1c) at each visit was assayed centrally. Cross-sectional associations of baseline BMI with glycemic control, and of change in BMI and HbA1c with baseline values, were examined. Longitudinal associations of time-varying BMI and HbA1c were examined using a multilevel linear mixed effects model controlling for time-varying time (months), insulin dose (units/kg/day), regimen, Tanner stage, and time invariant baseline diabetes duration, BMI, treatment group and sociodemographic characteristics. Results: Baseline HbA1c was unrelated to baseline BMI, but was related positively to subsequent BMI change (p= 0.04) and inversely to HbA1c change (p= 0.002). Baseline BMI was inversely related to BMI change (p= 0.01) and unrelated to HbA1c change. In multilevel regression, BMI was related inversely to HbA1c (%) (β± SE = -0.11 ± 0.02, p< 0.001) and positively to insulin dose (0.23 ± 0.07, p= 0.001). In the treatment group only, BMI was positively related to pump regimen (0.18 ± 0.08, p= 0.02). Conclusions: Increased insulin administered to improve glycemic control may contribute to increased BMI in youth with type 1 diabetes, indicating the importance of determining ways to minimize weight gain while optimizing glycemic control. © 2012. ER  - 
Bone loss during hematopoietic cell transplantation (HCT) in children; HCT may be deleterious to bone health and vitamin D status in children, but longitudinal studies are few. We conducted a multicenter, prospective cohort study to define time related changes in bone health markers during the first 100 days following allogeneic HCT in 26 children. Bone mineral density (BMD), bone mineral content (BMC), bone-specific alkaline phosphatase (BSAP) and serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25-OHD) concentrations were measured at baseline, 30 days, and 100 days after HCT. Mean BMD and BMC Z-scores (mean ± SD, -0.48 ± 1.09 and -0.59 ± 1.36, respectively) were normal at baseline. Repeated-measures analysis revealed a 0.5 decline in BMD Z-score (p<.0001) over the 100 day study period, when adjusted for age, sex, Tanner stage, lean mass, fat mass, resting energy expenditure, total energy intake, insulin sensitivity, and serum phosphorus. BMC and BSAP concentrations also declined significantly. Adjusted mean (SE) serum 25-OHD concentrations declined from 30.1 ± 2.9 ng/ml at baseline, to 18.9 ± 2.0 ng/ml at 100 days after HCT. At 100 days after HSCT, 50% of patients were vitamin D deficient (serum 25- OHD <20 ng/ml). Significant bone loss and vitamin D deficiency occur in children in the first 100 days following allogeneic HCT. Strategies to attenuate acute bone loss in this setting are needed. ER  - 
Age and menarcheal status do not influence metabolic response to aerobic training in overweight girls; Background: Multidisciplinary intervention is an alternative for the treatment of children and adolescent obese. However, the influence of age and menarcheal status in the pattern of metabolic response of obese girls has not been investigated. The following study examined the effects of a 12-week multidisciplinary intervention on metabolic health in overweight girls and the contribution of age and menarcheal status on the resulting changes. Methods. Eighty-eight overweight girls (10 - 16 years) were considered initially for this study and randomly assigned (intervention group: n = 58; control group: n = 30). Forty-six girls completed the intervention program and 16 girls completed the follow-up for the control group. The 12-week intervention included aerobic exercises (three times per week) and nutritional intervention. Anthropometrical measures (body mass, body mass index and waist circumference), menarcheal status and metabolic profiles including glucose, insulin, triglycerides (TG), total cholesterol (TC), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) were assessed in the beginning and after of intervention. Additionally, were calculated homeostatic model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI). Results: After 12-week, girls decreased significantly the body mass (76.6 ± 14.7 to 75.7 ± 14.6 kg) body mass index (30.1 ± 4.0 to 29.4 ± 4.0 kg/m§ssup§2§esup§) and waist circumference (98.9 ± 10.9 to 96.5 ± 11.4 cm). There were differences in HDL-C (43.1 ± 8.2 to 50.3 ± 9.4 mg/dl), TG (120.9 ± 64.3 to 93.3 ± 47.9 mg/dl) and insulin (16.9 ± 7.6 to 15.6 ± 9.8 mg/dl). Relative contribution of age was significant only for within-subject variability in waist circumference. Conclusions: The multidisciplinary based on aerobic training intervention used in this study produced substantial benefits on metabolic health indicators in overweight girls. The changes observed were not related to inter-individual variability in age and maturity status. © 2013 Leite et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Increasing Maternal Age Is Associated with Taller Stature and Reduced Abdominal Fat in Their Children; Background: Maternal age at childbirth continues to increase worldwide. We aimed to assess whether increasing maternal age is associated with changes in childhood height, body composition, and metabolism. Methods: 277 healthy pre-pubertal children, born 37-41 weeks gestation were studied. Assessments included: height and weight corrected for parental measurements, DEXA-derived body composition, fasting lipids, glucose, insulin, and hormonal profiles. Subjects were separated according to maternal age at childbirth: <30, 30-35, and >35 years. Results: Our cohort consisted of 126 girls and 151 boys, aged 7.4±2.2 years (range 3-10); maternal age at childbirth was 33.3±4.7 years (range 19-44). Children of mothers aged >35 and 30-35 years at childbirth were taller than children of mothers aged <30 years by 0.26 (p = 0.002) and 0.23 (p = 0.042) SDS, respectively. There was a reduction in childhood BMISDS with increasing maternal age at childbirth, and children of mothers aged >35 years at childbirth were 0.61 SDS slimmer than those of mothers <30 years (p = 0.049). Children of mothers aged 30-35 (p = 0.022) and >35 (p = 0.036) years at childbirth had abdominal adiposity reduced by 10% and 13%, respectively, compared to those in the <30 group. Children of mothers aged 30-35 years at childbirth displayed a 19% increase in IGF-I concentrations compared to offspring in <30 group (p = 0.042). Conversely, IGF-II concentrations were lower among the children born to mothers aged 30-35 (6.5%; p = 0.004) and >35 (8.1%; p = 0.005) compared to those of mothers aged <30 years. Girls of mothers aged 30-35 years at childbirth also displayed improved HOMA-IR insulin sensitivity (p = 0.010) compared to girls born to mothers aged <30 years. Conclusions: Increasing maternal age at childbirth is associated with a more favourable phenotype (taller stature and reduced abdominal fat) in their children, as well as improved insulin sensitivity in girls. © 2013 Savage et al. ER  - 
Hepatic steatosis and thyroid function tests in overweight and obese children; Objectives. Associations between thyroid function and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) are unknown in childhood. Thus, the aim of the present study was to investigate in 402 consecutive overweight/obese children the association between thyroid function tests and hepatic steatosis as well as metabolic variables. Methods. Hepatic steatosis was diagnosed by ultrasound after exclusion of infectious and metabolic disorders. Fasting serum samples were taken for determination of thyroid function (TSH, FT4, and FT3), along with alanine aminotransferase (ALT), lipid profile, glucose, insulin, and insulin resistance (IR). Results. Eighty-eight children (21.9%) had TSH above the normal range (>4.0 mIU/L). FT3 and FT4 were within the reference intervals in all subjects. Elevated TSH was associated with increased odds of having hepatic steatosis (OR 2.10 (95% CI, 1.22-3.60)), hepatic steatosis with elevated ALT (2.42 (95% CI, 1.29-4.51)), hypertriglyceridemia, elevated total cholesterol, and IR as well as metabolic syndrome (considered as a single clinical entity), after adjustment for age, gender, pubertal status, and body mass index-SD score (or waist circumference). Conclusions. In overweight/obese children, elevated TSH concentration is a significant predictor of hepatic steatosis and lipid and glucose dysmetabolism, independently of the degree of total and visceral obesity. © 2013 L. Pacifico et al. ER  - 
The side effects of gonadotropin releasing hormone analog (Diphereline) in treatment of idiopathic central precocious puberty; Treatment of central precocious puberty (CPP) is the administration of GnRH analogs. Metabolic syndrome comprised metabolic disturbances that confer increased risk of (CVD) diabetes mellitus (DM) and cardiovascular disease. This study is a longitudinal prospective study in pediatric endocrinology clinic. 30 non-obese children with idiopathic CPP were involved. Total body weight, height, blood pressure, BMI and waist circumference of the patients along with their triglyceride (TG), total cholesterol (TC), low density lipoprotein (LDL), high density lipoprotein (HDL), fasting plasma sugar (FPS) were evaluated at the beginning and during 3 and 6 months GnRH analog therapy. All of the patients involved in this study were female with age 9.5±1.02 years. Waist circumference, weight and BMI were 69.3 cm, 37.21 kg, and 19.13 kg/cm2 before therapy and 72.25 cm, 40.11 kg, and 19.54 kg/m2 6 months after therapy respectively. Mean systolic and diastolic blood pressure of the patients before therapy was 96.83 mmHg, 66mmHg and after 6 months therapy was 98.66 mmHg, 89.63 mmHg respectively. Mean TG, LDL, HDL and FPS were 90.06 mg/dl, 91.6 mg/dl, 43.7 mg/dl and 89.6 mg/dl before therapy and 96.4 mg/dl, 93.1 mg/dl, 44.7 mg/dl and 91.36 after 6 months therapy respectively. GnRH analog therapy doesn't cause metabolic syndrome after 3 and 6 month therapy but it may cause hyperlipidemia and central obesity. © 2013 Tehran University of Medical Sciences. ER  - 
Cardiac dysfunction is associated with insulin resistance in obese adolescents; Background: One third of adolescents are obese in the United States. Half of them have insulin resistance (IR). Animal and human adult studies suggest that IR is associated with alterations in myocardial substrate metabolism and efficiency that lead to cardiac dysfunction. We hypothesize that in obese adolescents (body mass index, BMI > 95th percentile for age and gender), IR is associated with cardiac dysfunction that is independent of conventional cardiovascular risk factors. Methods: Forty-one obese adolescents (aged 14.7±1.9 years, BMI 33.7±7.9 kg/m2) were compared with 14 healthy age-, Tanner stage-, and gender matched (aged 15.3±1.4 years, BMI 19.9±1.6 kg/m2) subjects in a cross-sectional study for metabolic profiles and cardiovascular risk factors. Cardiac function and structure were evaluated by standard and speckle tracking echocardiography. Left ventricular global longitudinal strain (GLS) and strain rate (GSR) were measured. Groups were compared by t-tests, Wilcoxon test, linear and multivariate regression. Results: The obese subjects had significantly elevated insulin (U/L), IR by homeostasis model assessment (HOMA1) and LDL (mg/dl) in comparison with the controls (18.3 vs. 8.3, p=0.008; 3.9 vs.1.84, p=0.01; and 132 vs.69, p<0.0001). Blood pressure was similar. Peak GLS (-%), systolic and early diastolic GSR (-%/s) were significantly lower in the obese adolescents compared with the lean controls (-15.97 vs. -18.16, p=0.02; -0.93 vs. -1.03, p=0.03; and 1.58 vs. 1.34, p=0.02) and correlated with fasting insulin (r = -0.38,-0.34, -0.44), HOMA1 (r = -0.34, -0.31,-0.41) and BMI (-0.47, -0.40, -0.56). There was no correlation with lipids and blood pressure. By multivariate analysis, BMI was significantly associated with peak GLS and GSR. BMI was strongly correlated with insulin (r=0.63) and HOMA1(r=0.60). Conclusions: Obese adolescents have abnormal myocardial deformation properties that are associated with the severity of obesity and IR, independently from conventional cardiovascular risk factors. This represents an early onset of impaired cardiac function in obese adolescents that may foreshadow a concerning trend towards pediatric onset of obesity cardiomyopathy. ER  - 
Blunted response to a growth hormone stimulation test is associated with unfavorable cardiovascular risk factor profile in childhood cancer survivors; Background: Childhood cancer survivors (CCS) are at risk for growth hormone (GH) deficiency. CCS are also at increased risk for early mortality from cardiovascular (CV) disease, but the association between GH levels and CV risk remains poorly understood. The goal of this study was to examine the cross-sectional association between stimulated GH levels and CV risk factors in CCS younger than 18 years. Procedure: A total of 276 CCS (147 males, 14.4±2.6 years) ≥5 years after cancer diagnosis, and 208 sibling controls (112 males, 13.6±2.4 years) participated in this cross-sectional study, which included anthropometry, body composition, and metabolic studies. Blunted response (BR) was defined as peak GH level <7μg/L after clonidine and arginine. Insulin sensitivity (Mlbm) was measured by euglycemic hyperinsulinemic clamp. Statistical analyses used linear and logistic regression accounting for sibling clustering, adjusted for age, sex, Tanner stage, and adiposity. Results: Thirty-four (12%) CCS showed BR to GH stimulation. BR CCS were shorter and had a lower IGF-1 than controls; only 6 of 34 received cranial radiation therapy. CCS with normal stimulated GH response were similar to controls for CV risk factors. Conversely, BR CCS had greater adiposity, higher lipids, and lower Mlbm than controls. Differences in lipids and Mlbm between BR CCS and controls remained significant after adjustment for BMI or visceral fat. Conclusions: BR to GH stimulation is prevalent in CCS youth and is associated with an unfavorable CV risk factor profile. Further studies are needed to establish the mechanisms of these associations. © 2012 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. ER  - 
Efficacy of IGF-based growth hormone (GH) dosing in nonGH-deficient (nonGHD) short stature children with low IGF-I is not related to basal IGF-I levels; Objective Weight-based GH dosing is the standard for treating children with short stature. The current study validates the usefulness of IGF-based GH dosing for GH therapy in nonGH-deficient (nonGHD) children and its relationship with pretreatment serum IGF-I concentration. Design and Patients In this twelve-month, open-label, randomized controlled study, 151 nonGHD (based on GH-stimulation tests), prepubertal children with short stature and IGF-I levels ≤ 33rd percentile [-0·44 standard deviation score (SDS)] were randomly assigned to receive GH (dose based on IGF-I titration algorithm; n = 114) or to observation (n = 37). GH dose (initially 40 μg/kg/d) was adjusted every 3 months to achieve an IGF-I SDS in the upper normal range (66-99th percentile). Measurements and Results In treated children, mean height SDS (HSDS) increased from -2·5 at baseline to -1·7 at 12 months and mean IGF-I SDS increased from -1·7 to 0·1. These parameters remained unchanged in untreated children. There was no relationship between change in HSDS (ΔHSDS) and degree of IGF-I deficiency at baseline. No safety problems were observed. Both groups had a similar advance in bone age. At the end of study, ΔHSDS in treated children showed a positive correlation with IGF-I SDS, but not with GH dose [mean 59 μg/kg/d (range 29-92)], basal IGF-I SDS or 1-month IGF parameters. Conclusions In nonGHD subjects with short stature and serum IGF-I concentrations within and below the lower third of normal, adjusting GH dose to achieve an IGF-I level in the upper normal range resulted in a significant increase in HSDS, regardless of basal IGF-I levels. © 2012 Blackwell Publishing Ltd. ER  - 
TSH and free triiodothyronine concentrations are associated with weight loss in a lifestyle intervention and weight regain afterwards in obese children; Objective: The impact of thyroid hormones on weight loss in lifestyle interventions and on weight regain afterwards is unknown. Therefore, we studied the relationships between TSH, free triiodothyronine (fT3), free thyroxine (fT4), and weight status, as well as their changes during and after a lifestyle intervention in obese children. Materials and methods: We evaluated the weight status as BMI-SDS in 477 obese children (mean age 10.6±2.7 years, 46% male, mean BMI 28.1±4.5 kg/m2) participating in a 1-year lifestyle intervention in a 2-year longitudinal study. Changes in BMI-SDS at 1 and 2 years were correlated with TSH, fT3, and fT4 concentrations at baseline and their changes during the intervention. Results: A decrease in BMI-SDS during the intervention period (-0.32±0.38; P<0.001) was significantly positively associated with baseline TSH and fT3 in multiple linear regression analyses adjusted for age, sex, pubertal stage, and baseline BMI-SDS. An increase in BMI-SDS after the end of the intervention (+0.05±0.36; PZ0.011) was significantly related to the decreases in TSH and fT3 during the intervention in multiple linear regression analyses adjusted for change in BMI-SDS during the intervention. In contrast to children with weight maintenance, children with weight regain after the end of the intervention demonstrated a decrease in their TSH levels (-0.1±1.6 vs +0.2± 1.6 mU/l; P=0.03) and fT 3 (-0.2±1.1 vs +0.3±1.6 pg/ml; P<0.001) during the intervention. Conclusions: The decreases in TSH and fT3 concentrations during the lifestyle intervention were associated with weight regain after the intervention. Future studies should confirm that the decreases in TSH and fT3 levels associated with weight loss are related to the change in metabolism such as resting energy expenditure. © 2013 European Society of Endocrinology. ER  - 
Comparison of oral and intravenous glucose tolerance test derived sensitivity and secretory indices in obese adolescents; Background. Insulin resistance increases type 2 diabetes risk in obese adolescents. Thus, quantitative tools measuring insulin sensitivity and secretion are important for risk assessment. Methods. Forty-four obese pubertal adolescents underwent oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test (FSIGT). We correlated OGTT-derived whole body sensitivity index (WBISI) with FSIGT-derived insulin sensitivity index (Si). Insulinogenic index (IGI) from OGTT was compared with acute insulin response to glucose (AIRg) from FSIGT. Results. Fasting insulin (r = -.64, P <.0005) and glucose (r = -.39 P ≤.0005) predicted Si. The OGTT-derived index WBISI correlated with the FSIGT-derived Si (r =.608, P <.0005). IGI correlated with AIRg from FSIGT (r =.704, P <.0005). Conclusions. OGTT-based measures correlated with FSIGT-derived measures of insulin sensitivity and secretion. In particular, we demonstrated that WBISI can be a reliable alternative to FSIGT-derived Si in clinical settings where OGTT is a more feasible option. © 2013 The Author(s). ER  - 
Ectopic fat deposition in prediabetic overweight and obese minority adolescents; Context: Optimizing effective prevention and treatment of type 2 diabetes in youth is limited by incomplete understanding of its pathophysiology and how this varies across ethnicities with high risk. Objective: The aim of this study was to examine the contribution of visceral adipose tissue (VAT), hepatic fat fraction (HFF), and pancreatic fat fraction (PFF) to prediabetes in overweight/obese African American (AA) and Latino youth. Design and Setting: We conducted a cross-sectional study in an academic pediatric care facility. Subjects: A total of 148 healthy, overweight/obese adolescents (56 AA, 92 Latino; 72 males, 76 females; age, 15.5 ± 1.2 y; BMI z-score, 2.1 ± 0.5) participated in the study. They were normal glucose tolerant (n = 106) and prediabetic (n = 42), based on fasting glucose of 100-125 mg/dL and/or 2-hour glucose of 140-199 mg/dL, and/or hemoglobin A1C 6.0-6.4%. Main Outcome Measures: We measured sc abdominal adipose tissue, VAT, HFF, and PFF by 3-Tesla magnetic resonance imaging and measured total body fat by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry. Results: Adolescents with prediabetes had 30% higher HFF (P = .001)and 31% higher PFF (P = .042), compared to those with normal glucose tolerance after controlling for age, sex, pubertal stage, ethnicity, total percentage body fat, and VAT. Logistic regression showed that PFF predicted prediabetes in AAs and HFF predicted prediabetes in Latinos, with the odds of having prediabetes increased by 66% for every 1% increase in PFF in African Americans, and increased by 22% for every 1% increase in HFF in Latinos. Conclusion: These data demonstrate that ectopic fat phenotypes associated with prediabetes are established by adolescence. Ethnic differences in the deposition of ectopic fat in adolescents with prediabetes may differ, with pancreatic fat in AAs, vs hepatic fat in Latino adolescents, being associated with diabetes risk. Copyright © 2013 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
The association between acanthosis nigricans and dysglycemia in an ethnically diverse group of eighth grade students; Objective: The purpose of this study was to describe the prevalence of acanthosis nigricans (AN) and to quantify its association with dysglycemia in an ethnically diverse group of eighth-grade students. Design and Methods: Data were collected in 2003 from a cross-sectional study of students from 12 middle schools in three US states. Sex, race/ethnicity, and pubertal status were self-reported. Anthropometric measures were recorded. Trained staff identified the presence and severity of AN by inspection of the back of the neck. Fasting and 2 h blood samples were analyzed for impaired fasting glucose (IFG), impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), and high-risk glycated hemoglobin (A1C), respectively, defined as ≥100 mg/dl, ≥140 mg/dl, and ≥ 5.7-6.4%. Results: Overall, 25.0%, 58.2%, and 16.8% were Black, Hispanic, and White, respectively. AN was present among 406/1,438 (28.2%) of students: 39% among Black, 30% among Hispanic, and 5.4% among White. IGT and high-risk A1C were present among 2.1%, and 12.4%, respectively. In multivariate logistic modeling after adjusting for gender, family history of diabetes, BMI percentile, and pubertal staging, the presence (vs. absence) of AN was associated with a 59% increased likelihood of high-risk A1C: (P = 0.04), twice the likelihood of IGT (P = 0.06), and 47% greater likelihood of IGT/IFG combined (P < 0.0001). Adjustment for insulin attenuated the ORs by 25-70%. Conclusion: In a racially/ethnically diverse sample of US adolescents, AN was common, occurring in 28% of the sample. AN was associated with a 50-100% increased likelihood of dysglycemia even after consideration of established diabetes risk factors. Copyright © 2012 The Obesity Society. ER  - 
Metabolic syndrome and endothelial dysfunction in a population born small for gestational age relationship to growth and Gh therapy.; Being born small for gestational age (SGA) and a rapid increase in weight during early childhood and infancy have been strongly linked to metabolic syndrome. A transversal study was conducted on 167 pre-pubertal and 102 pubertal subjects; auxological parameters, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, laboratory data, and carotid-wall thickness (CA-IMT) were measured. Patients born SGA with spontaneous catch-up growth have higher values of BMI, blood pressure, HOMA index, and CA-IMT than those treated with GH and the appropriate-for-gestational age (AGA) group. In conclusion, subjects born SGA are at high risk of developing chronic diseases, including obesity, hypertension, insulin resistant, and endothelial dysfunction, at an early age, mainly those with good catch-up growth compared with the receiving GH because of negative catch-up growth. Our data is compared with published results. ER  - 
Glycemic index, glycemic load and endometrial cancer risk: Results from the Australian National Endometrial Cancer study and an updated systematic review and meta-analysis; Purpose: The relationship between habitual consumption of foods with a high glycemic index (GI) and/or a diet with a high glycemic load (GL) and risk of endometrial cancer is uncertain, and relatively few studies have investigated these associations. The objectives of this study were to examine the association between GI/GL and risk of endometrial cancer using data from an Australian population-based case-control study and systematically review all the available evidence to quantify the magnitude of the association using meta-analysis. Methods: The case-control study included 1,290 women aged 18-79 years with newly diagnosed, histologically confirmed endometrial cancer and 1,436 population controls. Controls were selected to match the expected Australian state of residence and age distribution (in 5-year bands) of cases. For the systematic review, relevant studies were identified by searching PubMed and Embase databases through to July 2011. Random-effects models were used to calculate the summary risk estimates, overall and dose-response. Results: In our case-control study, we observed a modest positive association between high dietary GI (OR 1.43, 95 % CI 1.11-1.83) and risk of endometrial cancer, but no association with high dietary GL (OR 1.15, 95 % CI 0.90-1.48). For the meta-analysis, we collated information from six cohort and two case-control studies, involving a total of 5,569 cases. The pooled OR for the highest versus the lowest intake category of GI was 1.15 (0.95-1.40); however, there was significant heterogeneity (p 0.004) by study design (RR 1.00 [95 % CI 0.87-1.14] for cohort studies and 1.56 [95 % CI 1.21-2.02] for case-control studies). There was no association in the dose-response meta-analysis of GI (RR per 5 unit/day increment of GI 1.00, 95 % CI 0.97-1.03). GL was positively associated with endometrial cancer. The pooled RR for the highest versus the lowest GL intake was 1.21 (95 % CI 1.09-1.33) and 1.06 (95 % CI 1.01-1.11) per 50 unit/day increment of GL in the dose-response meta-analysis. Conclusion: The pooled results from observational studies, including our case-control results, provide evidence of a modest positive association between high GL, but not GI, and endometrial cancer risk. © 2012 Springer-Verlag. ER  - 
Better nutritional status in early childhood is associated with improved clinical outcomes and survival in patients with cystic fibrosis; Objectives: To evaluate the relationship between nutritional status early in life and the timing and velocity of height growth, lung function, complications of cystic fibrosis, and survival. Study design: Prospective, observational study using data from the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation Registry (US) for patients born between 1989 and 1992 (n = 3142). Results: Weight-for-age percentile (WAP) at 4 years of age was positively associated with height-for-age percentiles throughout childhood. Age 4 years WAP >10% was associated with better lung function from 6-18 years of age. In boys and girls with current WAP >50%, peak pubertal height velocities approximated but remained lower than that of the healthy reference population. By age 18 years, patients with an age 4 years WAP >50% suffered fewer acute pulmonary exacerbations, spent fewer days in the hospital, and had lower rates of impaired glucose tolerance or diabetes. Patients attaining higher age 4 years WAP and height-for-age percentiles had a survival advantage throughout childhood. Conclusion: For the population studied, greater weight at age 4 years is associated with greater height, better pulmonary function, fewer complications of cystic fibrosis, and better survival through age 18 years. Furthermore, greater weight-for-age in the peripubertal period is associated on average with improved tempo and timing of pubertal height growth. Copyright © 2013 Mosby Inc. ER  - 
Prenatal and infant exposures and age at menarche; BACKGROUND: Early menarche is related to increased risk of breast cancer. The number of established factors that contribute to early menarche is limited. We studied prenatal and infant exposures in relation to age at menarche in a nationwide cohort of women who have a family history of breast cancer. METHODS: The study comprised 33,501 women in the Sister Study who were 35-59 years of age at baseline (2003-2009). We used polytomous logistic regression to estimate separate relative risk ratios (rRRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for associations of self-reported exposures with menarche at ≤10, 11, 14, and ≥15 years relative to menarche at 12-13 years. RESULTS: Early menarche (≤10 or 11 years) was associated with having low birth weight, having had a teenage mother, being firstborn, and specific prenatal exposures: motherÊ14 smoking, diethylstilbestrol (DES), prepregnancy diabetes, and pregnancy-related hypertensive disorder. Prenatal exposures most strongly associated with very early menarche (≤10 years) were DES (rRR = 1.56 [95% CI = 1.24-1.96]), maternal prepregnancy diabetes (2.24 [1.37-3.68]), and pregnancy-related hypertensive disorder (1.45 [1.18-1.79]). Soy formula was associated with both very early menarche (1.21 [0.94-1.54]) and late menarche (14 years: 1.17 [0.98-1.40] or ≥15 years: 1.28 [1.06-1.56]). CONCLUSIONS: Although menarche is only one marker of pubertal development, it is a commonly used surrogate. The observed associations of prenatal DES and soy formula exposure with age at menarche are consistent with animal data on exogenous estrogens and pubertal timing. Early-life exposures may confound associations between age at menarche and hormonally dependent outcomes in adults. Copyright © 2013 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Maternal vitamin B12 and folate status during pregnancy and insulin resistance and body composition in the offspring at 12 years in a rural Indian birth cohort: Data from the Pune Maternal Nutrition Study; Maternal nutrition during pregnancy may influence offspring risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease in later life(1). Previous studies have shown that low maternal vitamin B12 and high folate concentrations during pregnancy were associated with higher insulin resistance in the offspring at 6 years(2). As both B12 and folate are regulators of 1-carbon (1-C) metabolism, this suggested a role for 1-C metabolism in the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus. The current study aimed to test the hypothesis that low maternal vitamin B12 concentration and high maternal folate concentration during pregnancy are associated with higher insulin resistance and adiposity in the offspring at 12 years. Data was from the Pune Maternal Nutrition Study, a community based prospective study of a rural Indian birth cohort. Plasma vitamin B12 and erythrocyte folate (exposures) were measured at 18 and 28 weeks gestation in 638 women in six villages near Pune, India, along with anthropometry and dietary assessment (24h intake and food frequency questionnaire). Outcomes measured in the children at 12 years included fasting plasma glucose and insulin, vitamin B12, total homocysteine (tHcy), serum folate and lipid concentrations, blood pressure and body composition (anthropometry and dual X-ray absorptiometry scans (DXA)). Insulin resistance was estimated using the HOMA model. Relationships were analysed using multiple linear regression, adjusting for important covariates and potential confounders. Maternal erythrocyte folate concentration at 18 and 28 weeks gestation was positively related to offspring weight, BMI, fat and lean mass and triceps skinfold (p<0.05 for all), but not to insulin resistance. Maternal vitamin B12 concentration was not related to offspring insulin resistance or adiposity measures. Higher maternal vitamin B12 concentration was related to higher offspring B12 concentration and lower offspring tHcy concentration (p<0.01 for both). All reported associations were adjusted for offspring age, sex, socioeconomic status and serum folate concentration at 12 years. Associations with maternal folate as the exposure were also adjusted for offspring serum vitamin B12 concentration at 12 years. In this population, higher maternal folate concentration during pregnancy was related to higher offspring adiposity measures at 12 years while the relationship between lower maternal B12 and higher offspring insulin resistance observed at 6 years had disappeared. This may be due to metabolic alterations occurring during puberty and requires further investigation. ER  - 
Intake of Dairy Products, Calcium, Magnesium, and Phosphorus in Childhood and Age at Menarche in the Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study; Purpose: Studies indicate that milk intake is associated with insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) concentrations and height in childhood, whether milk and other dairy products promote puberty remains unclear. This study aimed to investigate influences of pre-pubertal intakes of milk, yogurt and cheese on menarcheal age in Tehranian girls. The associations of total dietary calcium (Ca), magnesium (Mg), and phosphorus (P) with menarcheal age were also examined. Methods: This prospective study was conducted on 134 pre-pubertal girls, aged 4-12 years at baseline, who participated in the Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study (TLGS), and were followed for a median of 6.5 years. Dietary intakes were determined at initiation of the study using two non-consecutive 24-h dietary recalls and the age of menarche was documented during the follow-up. Logistic regression was used to calculate the risk of reaching menarche ≤ 12 years according to pre-pubertal levels of dairy or mineral intakes. Results: The risk of earlier menarche was higher in girls with higher intakes of milk [OR: 2.28 (95% CI: 1.03-5.05)], Ca [OR: 3.20 (95%CI: 1.39-7.42)], Mg [OR: 2.43 (95% CI: 1.12-5.27)] and P [OR: 3.37 (95 % CI: 1.44-7.87) after controlling for energy and protein intake, interval between the age at study initiation and the age of menarche, and maternal age at menarche (Model 1). Girls in the middle tertile of cheese intakes had a lower risk of reaching menarche ≤ 12 years than those in the lowest tertile after controlling for covariates in model 1. These associations remained significant after further adjustment of BMI Z-score at baseline. The relationship of Ca, Mg, and P with menarche remained after further adjustment for height Z-score at baseline, whereas the association between milk and cheese intakes became non-significant. Conclusions: Pre-pubertal intake of milk, but not cheese and yogurt, may hasten age at menarche. © 2013 Ramezani Tehrani et al. ER  - 
High-end normal adrenocorticotropic hormone and cortisol levels are associated with specific cardiovascular risk factors in pediatric obesity: A cross-sectional study; Background: The hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis, and in particular cortisol, has been reported to be involved in obesity-associated metabolic disturbances in adults and in selected populations of adolescents. The aim of this study was to investigate the association between morning adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH) and cortisol levels and cardiovascular risk factors in overweight or obese Caucasian children and adolescents.Methods: This cross-sectional study of 450 obese children and adolescents (aged 4 to 18 years) was performed in a tertiary referral center. ACTH, cortisol, cardiovascular risk factors (fasting and post-challenge glucose, high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol, triglycerides, and hypertension) and insulin resistance were evaluated. All analyses were corrected for confounding factors (sex, age, puberty, body mass index), and odds ratios were determined.Results: ACTH and cortisol levels were positively associated with systolic and diastolic blood pressure, triglycerides, fasting glucose and insulin resistance. Cortisol, but not ACTH, was also positively associated with LDL-cholesterol. When adjusted for confounding factors, an association between ACTH and 2 h post-oral glucose tolerance test glucose was revealed. After stratification according to cardiovascular risk factors and adjustment for possible confounding factors, ACTH levels were significantly higher in subjects with triglycerides ≥90th percentile (P <0.02) and impaired fasting glucose or glucose tolerance (P <0.001). Higher cortisol levels were found in subjects with blood pressure ≥95th percentile and LDL-cholesterol ≥90th percentile. Overall, the highest tertiles of ACTH (>5.92 pmol/l) and cortisol (>383.5 nmol/l) although within the normal range were associated with increases in cardiovascular risk factors in this population.Conclusions: In obese children and adolescents, high morning ACTH and cortisol levels are associated with cardiovascular risk factors. High ACTH levels are associated with high triglyceride levels and hyperglycemia, while high cortisol is associated with hypertension and high LDL-cholesterol. These specific relationships suggest complex mechanisms through which the HPA axis may contribute to metabolic impairments in obesity, and merit further investigations. © 2013 Prodam et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
The etiology of uterine sarcomas: A pooled analysis of the epidemiology of endometrial cancer consortium; Background: Uterine sarcomas are characterised by early age at diagnosis, poor prognosis, and higher incidence among Black compared with White women, but their aetiology is poorly understood. Therefore, we performed a pooled analysis of data collected in the Epidemiology of Endometrial Cancer Consortium. We also examined risk factor associations for malignant mixed mullerian tumours (MMMTs) and endometrioid endometrial carcinomas (EECs) for comparison purposes. Methods: We pooled data on 229 uterine sarcomas, 244 MMMTs, 7623 EEC cases, and 28 829 controls. Odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for risk factors associated with uterine sarcoma, MMMT, and EEC were estimated with polytomous logistic regression. We also examined associations between epidemiological factors and histological subtypes of uterine sarcoma. Results: Significant risk factors for uterine sarcoma included obesity (body mass index (BMI)≥30 vs BMI<25 kg m-2 (OR: 1.73, 95% CI: 1.22-2.46), P-trend=0.008) and history of diabetes (OR: 2.33, 95% CI: 1.41-3.83). Older age at menarche was inversely associated with uterine sarcoma risk (≥15 years vs <11 years (OR: 0.70, 95% CI: 0.34-1.44), P-trend: 0.04). BMI was significantly, but less strongly related to uterine sarcomas compared with EECs (OR: 3.03, 95% CI: 2.82-3.26) or MMMTs (OR: 2.25, 95% CI: 1.60-3.15, P-heterogeneity=0.01). Conclusion: In the largest aetiological study of uterine sarcomas, associations between menstrual, hormonal, and anthropometric risk factors and uterine sarcoma were similar to those identified for EEC. Further exploration of factors that might explain patterns of age-and race-specific incidence rates for uterine sarcoma are needed. © 2013 Cancer Research UK. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Impact of telemedicine assessment on glycemic variability in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus; Background: Experimental and in vitro studies have related glycemic variability (GV) with activation of oxidative stress, which could be involved in the micro- and macrovascular damage found in diabetes mellitus and in acute complications such as hypoglycemia. Some GV indexes are currently integrated in specialized Web sites for the analysis and assessment of diabetes patients through telemedicine. We aimed to identify the impact of telemedicine on metabolic control and GV in prepubescent patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM). Subjects and Methods: Eighty patients between 6 and 10 years old were eligible for enrollment. Participation was accepted by the parents of only 15 (18%) patients, of whom 13 (86%) completed the study. These 13 patients were assessed fortnightly for 3 months through Accu-Chek® (Roche, Mannheim, Germany) Smart Pix software; this period was compared with a subsequent 4-month period without telemedical support. The variables analyzed were mean glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c), Mean Blood Glucose (MBG), and indexes of GV (SD, Low Blood Glucose Index [LBGI], High Blood Glucose Index [HBGI], and the Average Daily Risk Range [ADRR]). In both periods, the patients attended their regular appointments. The statistical analysis was carried out with nonparametric tests (the Wilcoxon and Friedman tests, P<0.017). Results: At the end of the assessment phase, mean HbA1c levels were significantly reduced (P=0.012) with no significant reductions in the LBGI (P=0.115), ADRR (P=0.552), or SD (P=0.700). No significant increases were observed in MBG (P=0.861) or the HBGI (P=0.807). HbA1c and the LBGI, ADRR, and SD indexes increased when telemedical assistance was suspended, whereas MBG and the HBGI showed a nonsignificant reduction. Conclusions: Telemedical assessment for 3 months in children improved metabolic control, by reducing HbAlc values and, to a lesser extent, by decreasing GV, without increasing acute complications. Metabolic control was reduced when the advice was suspended. © Copyright 2013, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. 2013. ER  - 
Obesity is positively associated with dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate concentrations at 7 y in Chilean children of normal birth weight; Background: In low-birth-weight girls, obesity increases the risk of premature adrenarche and metabolic complications. However, the consistency of this association in normal-birth-weight children and its potential mediators remain unknown. Objectives: The objectives were to assess the associations between obesity indicators and dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHEAS) at 7 y of age and to evaluate the role of hormonal markers on these associations. Design: We assessed in 969 participants (6.9 y; 48% girls; all Tanner I) in the Growth and Obesity Chilean Cohort Study the associations between DHEAS and weight, BMI, waist circumference (WC), waist-to-height ratio, skinfold thickness, and percentage total fat (bioimpedance) and determined whether these associations were related to insulin, insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I), and leptin. We also compared BMI and height growth from 0 to 7 y of age in nonobese and obese children with normal and high DHEAS (≥75th percentile) at 7 y. Results: DHEAS concentrations were similar between girls (30.3 61.86 μg/dL) and boys (29.4 ± 1.73 mg/dL) (P > 0.05); 17.3% of children were obese (BMI-for-age z score ≥2 SD). Adiposity indicators were positively and similarly associated with DHEAS [ie, BMI, β standardized regression coefficient: 0.23 (95% CI: 0.17, 0.29); WC, β standardized regression coefficient: 0.23 (95% CI: 0.16, 0.30)]; these associations were only partially related to IGF-I and leptin. Obese children had twice the risk of high DHEAS (OR: 2.16; 95% CI: 1.51, 3.09); at 7 y, obese children with high DHEAS were fatter and more centrally obese than their counterparts (P < 0.05), although their previous growth was similar (P > 0.05). None of the results differed by sex (P > 0.05). Conclusion: In children of normal birth weight, obesity is positively associated with DHEAS at 7 y of age. © 2013 American Society for Nutrition. ER  - 
Circulating growth arrest-specific 6 protein is associated with adiposity, systemic inflammation, and insulin resistance among overweight and obese adolescents; Context: Growth arrest-specific 6 (Gas6) is a vitamin K-dependent protein secreted byimmunecells, endothelial cells, vascularsmoothmuscle cells, and adipocytes. Preclinical studies indicate that Gas6 and its receptors of the TAM (Tyro-3, Axl, Mer) family may be involved in the pathogenesis of obesity and its complications, including systemic inflammation and insulin resistance. Until now, little has been known about the clinical significance of the Gas6/TAM system in childhood obesity. Objectives: This study aimed to determine whether circulating Gas6 and soluble Axl (sAxl) levels are associated with adiposity, inflammation, and insulin resistance status among Taiwanese adolescents. Methods: Cross-sectional analyses using the data from the Taipei Children Heart Study-III were performed. A total of 832 adolescents (average age, 13.3 years) were included; they were divided into 3 groups: lean, overweight, and obese. Circulating Gas6 and sAxl levels, adiposity, inflammatory markers, and insulin resistance status were examined. Results: Levels of circulating Gas6 and sAxl were significantly higher in overweight and obese adolescents than in the lean group (both P < .05). Circulating Gas6 levels were significantly positively correlated with body mass index Z-score (P < .045), waist circumference (P < .001), waist to hip circumference ratio (P =.001), body fat mass (P =.02), serum high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (P =.005), and tumor necrosis factor-α levels (P =.039) among overweight and obese adolescents. The correlations remained significant after adjusting for age, gender, Tanner stage, smoking status, and drinking status. In addition, every 1 ng/mL increase in circulating Gas6 concentration corresponded to a 15% to 19% increase in the risk of developing insulin resistance among overweight and obese adolescents. Conclusions: Circulating Gas6 levels are strongly associated with adiposity, inflammation, and insulin resistance status among overweight and obese adolescents. The potential role of the Gas6/TAM system in the initiation of childhood obesity and obesity-associated complications deserves further attention. Copyright © 2013 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Genotype-phenotype correlation in 153 adult patients with congenital adrenal hyperplasia due to 21-hydroxylase deficiency: Analysis of the United Kingdom congenital adrenal hyperplasia adult study executive (CaHASE) cohort; Context: In congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH) due to 21-hydroxylase deficiency, a strong genotype-phenotype correlation exists in childhood. However, similar data in adults are lacking. Objective: The objective of the study was to test whether the severity of disease-causing CYP21A2 mutations influences the treatment and health status in adults with CAH. Research Design and Methods: We analyzed the genotype in correlation with treatment and health status in 153 adults with CAH from the United Kingdom Congenital adrenal Hyperplasia Adult Study Executive cohort. Results: CYP21A2 mutations were distributed similarly to previously reported case series. In 7 patients a mutation was identified on only 1 allele. Novel mutations were detected on 1.7% of alleles (5 of 306). Rare mutations were found on 2.3% of alleles (7 of 306). For further analysis, patients were categorized into CYP21A2 mutation groups according to predicted residual enzyme function: null (n = 34), A (n = 42), B (n = 36), C (n = 34), and D (n = 7). Daily glucocorticoid dose was highest in group null and lowest in group C. Fludrocortisone was used more frequently in patients with more severe genotypes. Except for lower female height in group B, no statistically significant associations between genotype and clinical parameters were found. Androgens, blood pressure, lipids, blood glucose, and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance were not different between groups. Subjective health status was similarly impaired across groups. Conclusions: In adults with classic CAH and women with nonclassic CAH, there was a weak association between genotype and treatment, but health outcomes were not associated with genotype. The underrepresentation of males with nonclassic CAH may reflect that milder genotypes result in a milder condition that is neither diagnosed nor followed up in adulthood. Overall, our results suggest that the impaired health status of adults with CAH coming to medical attention is acquired rather than genetically determined and therefore could potentially be improved through modification of treatment. Copyright © 2013 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Cohort profile: Twinsuk and healthy ageing twin study; The UK's largest registry of adult twins, or TwinsUK Registry, started in 1992 and encompasses about 12 000 volunteer twins from all over the United Kingdom. More than 70% of the registered twins have filled at least one detailed health questionnaire and about half of them undergone a baseline comprehensive assessment and two follow-up clinical evaluations. The most recent follow-up visit, known as Healthy Ageing Twin Study (HATS), involved 3125 female twins aged > 40 years with at least one previous clinical assessment to enable inspection of longitudinal changes in ageing traits and their genetic and environmental components. The study benefits from several state-of-the-art OMICs studies including genome-wide association, next-generation genome and transcriptome sequencing, and epigenetic and metabolomic profiles. This makes our cohort as one of the most deeply phenotyped and genotyped in the world. Several collaborative projects in the field of epidemiology of complex disorders are ongoing in our cohort and interested researchers are encouraged to get in contact for future collaborations. © The Author 2012. ER  - 
Cohort profile: The International Childhood Cardiovascular Cohort (i3c) Consortium; This is a consortium of large children's cohorts that contain measurements of major cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors in childhood and had the ability to follow those cohorts into adulthood. The purpose of this consortium is to enable the pooling of data to increase power, most importantly for the follow-up of CVD events in adulthood. Within the consortium, we hope to be able to obtain data on the independent effects of childhood and early adult levels of CVD risk factors on subsequent CVD occurrence. © The Author 2012; all rights reserved. ER  - 
Adiponectin and hypertension in normal-weight and obese children; Background Adiponectin (AD) reduces the risk of hypertension because of its anti-inflammatory, antiatherogenic, and insulin-sensitizing properties. The study described here was done to evaluate the interrelationships of AD, blood pressure (BP), obesity, body-fat distribution, puberty, and insulin resistance in a selected group of children. Methods The study was a cross-sectional, observational study of 186 children ranging in age from 5-18 years and grouped according to weight class (obese (OB), n = 100; normal weight (NW), n = 86) and BP category (hypertensive (HT) n = 79; normotensive (NT); n = 107). The children were also classified on the basis of fat distribution (waist circumference/height ratio). Their blood glucose, insulin, and AD concentrations were assayed, and their homeostatic model assessment (HOMA) index was calculated as an estimate of insulin resistance. Results Serum AD was lower in OB-HT (7,111±4,163ng/ml) than in NW-NT (12,622±6,276ng/ml) children (P < 0.0001). Intermediate values of AD were found in OB-NT (9,099±3,988ng/ml) and NW-HT (9,808±4,211ng/ml) children. Weight and waist circumference-to-height ratio, BP category, and pubertal stage were all independently and inversely associated with serum levels of AD (P < 0.02). In a logistic regression model, after adjustment for body mass index (BMI) and waist circumference/height ratio, serum levels of AD maintained an independent association with hypertension (P < 0.05), as did also the HOMA index (P < 0.05). A reduction of 10 times (i.e., one unit on the log 10 scale) in AD serum levels was associated with a 50% increased probability of having hypertension. Conclusions In childhood, serum levels of AD are inversely related to hypertension. This relationship is partly independent of obesity, fat distribution, and insulin resistance. Low values of AD in both OB and NW children are associated with a higher probability of hypertension. © 2012 American Journal of Hypertension, Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Absence of diabetes mellitus type 2 in obese children and adolescents in the north of Spain; Background: The worldwide epidemic of childhood obesity has been accompanied by an increase in the incidence of carbohydrate metabolism disorders. Objective: To determine the prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and other carbohydrate metabolism disorders in obese young people in the Basque Country (Spain). Design: Prospective observational study. Patients: We studied 136 obese Caucasian children and adolescents (body mass index ≥2 SDS above the mean). Measurements: Their severity of obesity was classified as mild <3 SDS or moderate-to-severe ≥3 SDS. Data were collected on clinical and metabolic parameters; insulin resistance (IR) was calculated using the homeostasis model assessment, and an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) was carried out. Results: T2DM was not found. Impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) was found in 9.6% of patients being higher in moderate-to-severe obesity (12.8% vs. 2.4%; p=0.048) and in patients with acanthosis nigricans (27.8% vs. 6.8%; p=0.016). No differences were detected by sex or pubertal development in metabolic results as a function of OGTT's response. IR (13.5%) was higher among those with moderate-to-severe obesity, in patients with acanthosis nigricans and was associated with other cardiovascular disease risk factors. Conclusions: We found no children with T2DM. The prevalence of IGT and IR was related to severity of obesity, to the association of acanthosis nigricans and was associated with cardiovascular risk. ER  - 
Ethnic influence on the prevalence of metabolic syndrome in an obese pediatric population; Introduction: Obesity in children is becoming more prevalent. Obesity and type 2 diabetes is higher in the Latin American immigrant population. Objective: To analyze the influence of ethnicity on the prevalence of metabolic syndrome (MS) and its components in an obese pediatric population. Patients and methods: A retrospective study of 616 obese children and adolescents (BMI ≥ 2 SD [Hernández 88-04]), was conducted on 142 Latin American children and 474 Caucasians, which compared the prevalence of metabolic syndrome and its components according to modified Cook criteria (2003): obesity + 2 or more of the following components: HDL-cholesterol < 40 mg/dl, triglycerides > 110 mg/dl, systolic and/or diastolic blood pressure > p90 (Task Force 2004), and impaired glucose metabolism (ADA 2011). Hepatic function, family history of MS, HbA1c, insulin resistance (HOMA) and BMI evolution at one year of treatment with changes in lifestyle (diet and exercise) were also assessed. Results: Almost one-third (30.5%) of Latin American children had MS compared to 15.5% of Caucasians (OR = 2.4 [CI 95%: 1.5-3.8]), P<.005] and OR = 2.5 adjusting for sex, SD-BMI and puberty. Latin American children also had a higher insulin resistance (58.6% vs 42.8%, P<.005) and a worse outcome after one year of treatment. Conclusion: There is a higher prevalence of MS in our Latin American obese pediatric population with poor adherence to the measures of change in lifestyle, making these patients a group with potentially increased risks of cardiovascular disease in adulthood. ER  - 
Estimated insulin sensitivity and cardiovascular disease risk factors in adolescents with and without type 1 diabetes; Objective: To test the hypothesis that cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors are similar in nondiabetic (non-DM) adolescents compared with those with type 1 diabetes (T1D) in the most insulin-sensitive (IS) tertile, and that CVD risk factors are more atherogenic with decreasing IS in adolescents with T1D. Study design: IS for adolescents with T1D (n = 292; age = 15.4 ± 2.1 years; duration = 8.8 ± 3.0 years, hemoglobin A1c = 8.9% ± 1.6%) and non-DM controls (n = 89; age = 15.4 ± 2.1 years) was estimated using the model: logeIS = .64725 - 0.02032 (waist [cm]) - 0.09779 (hemoglobin A1c [%]) - 0.00235 (triglycerides [mg/dL]). CVD risk factors (blood pressure, fasting total and low- and high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-c), high sensitivity C-reactive protein, and body mass index z score) were compared between all non-DM adolescents and those with T1D in the most IS tertile, and then examined for a linear trend by IS tertile in adolescents with T1D, adjusted for sex, race/ethnicity, and Tanner stage. Results: Estimated IS was significantly lower in adolescents with T1D compared with those without (T1D = 7.8 ± 2.4, non-DM = 11.5 ± 2.9; P <.0001). CVD risk factors were similar for non-DM compared with the adolescents with T1D with the most IS, except for higher (HDL-c) and diastolic blood pressure in adolescents with T1D (P <.05). Among adolescents with T1D, all CVD risk factors except for (HDL-c), were more atherogenic across decreasing IS tertiles in linear regression analysis (P <.05). Conclusion: Adolescents with T1D who are the most IS have similar CVD risk factors compared with non-DM adolescents. CVD risk factors are inversely associated with IS in adolescents with T1D. IS may be an important therapeutic target for reducing CVD risk factors in adolescents with T1D. Copyright © 2013 Mosby Inc. ER  - 
Brain-derived neurotrophic factor and its relation to leptin in obese children before and after weight loss; Objective: Brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) is a regulator of energy homeostasis and food intake through hypothalamic signaling. Currently, data regarding BDNF in children with obesity are lacking. We evaluated serum BDNF concentrations in obese children, both before and after lifestyle intervention, in reference to those of lean children. Methods: A total of 90 (24 normal weight; 66 obese) children were studied utilizing a cross-sectional clinical outpatient study design. In addition, longitudinal data analysis was performed in 30 obese children participating in a lifestyle intervention for one year. Results: Fasting serum BDNF concentrations were higher in obese vs. normal weight children (BDNF 20.3 ± 1.0 vs. 12.5 ± 1.7 ng/mL, respectively, mean ± SEM, p < 0.001) and correlated significantly to BMI standard deviation score (r = 0.426, p < 0.001), and leptin (r = 0.414, p < 0.01). BDNF concentrations were not regulated in response to food, 60 min after ingestion of a liquid test meal. After one year lifestyle intervention, delta BDNF correlated significantly to delta leptin (r = 0.475, p < 0.01), but not to changes of insulin resistance index HOMA-IR, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, HDL, LDL, and triglycerides. In a multiple stepwise linear regression adjusted for pubertal stage, age, sex, and BMI, delta BDNF correlated significantly (p < 0.05) to delta leptin and delta triceps skinfold and in tendency to delta subscapularis skinfold thickness (p = 0.050). Conclusions: Our results in children do not indicate a significant relationship between BDNF and insulin resistance or cardiovascular risk factors. However, the correlation between changes of BDNF and changes of leptin suggests a relationship between BDNF and fat mass. © 2013 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Insulin-sensitive obese children display a favorable metabolic profile; Most of what is known about the metabolically healthy obese phenomenon is derived from studies in the adult population and no standardized criteria to identify these individuals exist to date. The aim of this study was to determine if the preserved insulin sensitivity evaluated by homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) index is associated with favorable metabolic profile in the obese children. We studied a group of 248 children and adolescents (150 female, 98 male), aged 5.9-18.9 years with diet-induced obesity (BMI >95th percentile). The entire cohort was divided into quartiles based on levels of insulin resistance determined by HOMA-IR index. Subjects in the lower quartile of HOMA-IR were classified as insulin-sensitive group (ISG), whereas children in the upper quartile were categorized as insulin-resistant group (IRG). The ISG subjects had values of HOMA-IR ≤2.75 while the children from the IRG group had HOMA-IR ≥6.16. Subjects from ISG group had lower basal β-cell activity and were less likely to have impaired fasting glucose or impaired glucose tolerance. Concentrations of LDL and total cholesterol, triglycerides, and transaminases were lower and HDL cholesterol levels were higher in ISG subjects. Findings obtained by the use of Matsuda index correlated well with the findings obtained by the use of HOMA-IR. Conclusion: Lower HOMA-IR values were significantly associated with favorable metabolic profile in studied children, which correlates with findings in the adult population and emphasizes the need for further, longitudinal studies of insulin resistance development in childhood obesity. © 2012 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg. ER  - 
Abdominal circumference measurement by ultrasound does not enhance estimating the association of visceral fat with cardiovascular risk; Objectives: To evaluate the association between visceral fat and cardiovascular risk factors and to compare the ultrasonographic measurements of abdominal visceral fat with abdominal circumference (AC). Methods: This observational cross-sectional study categorized pubertal and postpubertal adolescents into a control group (n = 49) and an obese group (n = 46). Weight, height, AC, blood pressure, biochemical tests (lipid profile, triacylglycerols, fasting glucose for insulinemia, and serum uric acid), and ultrasound to measure visceral fat were assessed. Results: We found significant differences in the vascular risk variables between the groups, except for total cholesterol and fasting blood glucose level. We also observed that 31 subjects in the control group presented abnormalities in cardiovascular risk factors. The correlations between abdominal visceral fat (measured by ultrasound or the AC) and cardiovascular risk factors were significant. In the entire sample, AC presented better sensitivity and specificity than the ultrasound-measured abdominal visceral fat for identifying the presence of a cluster of at least three cardiovascular risk factors (areas under the receiver operating characteristics curve 0.87 and 0.73, respectively). Conclusion: Ultrasonographic measurements of visceral fat were correlated with cardiovascular risk factors, but this association was also demonstrable with AC measurements. Our results suggest that the measurement of visceral fat by ultrasound is unnecessary for the diagnosis of cardiovascular risk in well-nourished or obese adolescents. © 2013 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Early Pubertal Development and Insulin Sensitivity among School-Aged Girls: Mediation Via Adiposity; Study Objective: To examine whether the known association between early pubertal breast maturation and insulin sensitivity (SI) is mediated by adiposity. Design: Cross-sectional analyses. Setting: Observational study examining the roles of environment, diet, and obesity on puberty. Participants: 379 girls with a mean age, 7.03 years; 62% were white and 29% black. Main Outcome Measures: Pubertal development was assessed via physical examination and adiposity by body mass index Z score (BMI Z) and waist-to-height ratio. Fasting blood samples were obtained for insulin and glucose concentrations. SI was calculated with the quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI). Analysis of variance and Sobel's test was used to assess mediation. Results: Fifty-five girls were pubertal (Tanner 2 breast). Breast maturation was inversely associated with SI (. P = .005) and positively associated with BMI Z (. P < .001) and waist-to-height ratio (. P < .001). The effect of breast maturation on SI was no longer significant (. P = .41) after adjusting for the effect of BMI Z, which remained significant (. P < .001). Similar results were obtained when waist-to-height ratio replaced BMI Z in the models. Mediation analyses demonstrated that 75% of the association between breast maturation and SI is mediated by adiposity. Conclusions: In girls, decreased SI during early puberty is largely mediated by total and visceral adiposity. © 2013 North American Society for Pediatric and Adolescent Gynecology. ER  - 
Replication of genomewide association studies on age at menarche in the Korean population; Early menarche is associated with adverse health outcomes, including breast cancer, endometrial cancer, obesity, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. Recently, a genomewide association study (GWAS) of age at menarche (AAM) in 104,533 individuals of European ancestry was reported by the ReproGen consortium. They identified 42 loci known and novel loci that were linked to age at menarche. Because age at menarche varies between ethnic groups, we decided to investigate if these results would be replicated in the Korean population. To this end, we examined the association of the SNPs reported in the ReproGen GWAS with AAM in 3,194 individuals from the Korean Genome and Epidemiology Study (KoGES) cohort. Genotype data for total 17 SNPs (6 genotyped SNPs and 11 imputed SNPs) were available for the association analysis using linear regression analysis for age at menarche with controlling current age, waist-to-hip ratio, and body mass index as the covariates. We found replication of the ReproGen study in two SNPs; one SNP (rs466639) in the retinoic acid receptor gamma gene (RXRG), showing a significant association with early menarche (beta = -0.224 ± 0.065, p value = 5.2 × 10-4, Bonferroni-corrected p value = 0.009), and the other (rs10899489), in GRB2 (growth factor receptor bound protein 2)-associated binding protein 2 (GAB2), linked to late menarche (beta = 0.140 ± 0.047, p value = 2.8 × 10-3, Bonferroni-corrected p value = 0.049). This result possibly suggests that genetic factors governing AAM in the Korean population would be distinct from those in the Europeans, implying roles of modulating or interacting factors in determining AAM, including environmental factors such as nutritional status. © 2013 The Genetics Society of Korea. ER  - 
The association of puberty with cardiometabolic risk factors in Afro-Caribbean children; Context: An earlier onset of puberty is associated with increased cardiometabolic risk in later life. It is not clear if this is independent of adiposity or faster rates of childhood growth. Objective:To investigate the correlation of the stage of puberty with cardiometabolic risk factors in Afro-Caribbean children. Design:Observational study in a birth cohort (the Vulnerable Windows Cohort Study). Measurements: Anthropometry was measured at birth, at 6 weeks, 3 monthly to 2 years and then every 6 months. Tanner staging for puberty started at age 8 years and was done every 6 months. At mean age 11.5 Â± 1.3 years, fasting glucose, insulin, HOMA-IR, lipids and blood pressure were measured. Multivariate analyses were done with 140 girls and 119 boys who had complete data. We defined growth as the change in height and BMI from birth to age 8 years. Results: In boys, more advanced puberty (i.e. pubarche and testicular size) was associated with lower HDL-C, higher systolic blood pressure and higher HOMA-IR (P-values 0.05), but not after adjusting for current BMI or prior rate of growth. In girls, more advanced puberty (i.e. age at menarche and breast development) was associated with higher fasting glucose even after adjusting for current BMI and prior growth (Î2 =-0.30; P 0.001 and Î2 = 0.21; P = 0.04 respectively). More advanced pubarche was associated with systolic blood pressure even after adjusting for current BMI and prior growth (Î2 = 0.18; P= 0.02). Conclusion: More advanced puberty in Afro-Caribbean children is associated with markers of cardiometabolic risk. However, in boys this effect may be mediated by current body size. In girls, this effect may be independent of current size and prior growth. ER  - 
Clinical characteristics of bone age advancement in prepubertal children; Clinical Characteristics of Bone Age Advancement in Prepubertal Children Hye Ah Leea, Young JuKimb, HwayoungLeec, Hye Sun Gwakd, EunAe Parke, SujinChoe, EunHee Haa, Hyesook Parka, Hae Soon Kime aDepartment of preventive medicine, bObstetrics and Gynecology, cAnatomy dColleage of Pharmacy, eDepartment of Pediatrics, School of Medicine A, Seoul, Korea. Purpose: It is certain that genetic factor and multiple hormones are involved in skeletal maturation. Bone age advancement in prepubertal children may lead to earlier puberty and reduction of final adult height. Our purpose was to define the clinical characteristics of bone age advancement in prepubertal children. Subjects and Methods:During July to August 2011, we conducted a follow-up examination aged 7 to 9 children, who were part of Ewha Birth & Growth Cohort study, Seoul, Korea, which is a prospective cohort established 2001-2006. Bone age was assessed using Greulich-Pyle method. An index of BA advancement was calculated as bone age divided by chronologic age (BA/CA), and it was classified into tertiles. We applied a sex-stratified analysis for association.We assessed the relationship of bone age advancement and anthropometric characteristics, metabolic components, adrenal hormones, and sex hormones using one way analysis of variance. Results: The study subjects comprised 200 children (106 boys, 94 girls). The mean level of BA/CA in boys was 0.97(Â±0.15), and in girls was 1.03(Â±0.14). Height z-score and weight z-score were lowest in the 1st tertile for BA/CA and highest in the 3rd tertile in both sexes. BMI z-score, body fat mass and waist circumference were significantly different between tertiles in boys, but there were no significant difference in girls. In addition, the 3rd tertile had the highest risk for overweight and obesity in boys (1st = 5.56%, 2nd = 10.42%, 3rd = 40.91%, ptrend<0.01), whereas there was no significant difference in girls. In endocrine parameters, there were significant mean difference between tertiles in terms of testosterone, DHEA, androstenedione, IGF-1, and insulin for boys, and androstenedione for girls. However, both boys and girls were not any significant difference in HOMA-IR, cholesterol and vitamin D between tertiles. Conclusion: These results showed that obesity and increasing of adrenal hormones were related with bone age advancement in prepubertal children, especially in boys. ER  - 
Persistent defects in pancreatic β-cell function in early pubertal female relatives of women with polycystic ovary syndrome in a three year longitudinal study; First-degree female relatives (FDRs) of women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) are at substantially increased risk for PCOS. Although PCOS cannot be diagnosed until after menarche, reproductive and metabolic abnormalities are present earlier in FDRs. We reported -cell dysfunction and hyperandrogenemia in early pubertal FDR compared to control girls. This cohort was followed prospectively to investigate the evolution of these abnormalities. Twelve FDR and 10 control (CON) girls aged 8-12 y, breast Tanner Stage (bTS) I-III, BMI >85th- -98th percentile were studied at Year 1 (mean age 10.0 y, mean bTS II); 7 FDR and 8 CON returned at Year 2 (mean age 10.9 y, mean bTS III), and 6 FDR and 8 CON returned at Year 3 (mean age 11.5 y, mean bTS IV). Insulin sensitivity and secretion were assessed by frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance testing. The groups were of similar age, bTS and BMI Z-score for the duration of the study. Three FDRs had dysglycemia at baseline. All CON had normal glucose tolerance at baseline by design. Two dysglycemic FDRs did not participate in the prospective study. Impaired glucose tolerance normalized by Year 2 in one FDR. The significant decrease in disposition index (DI), the product of acute insulin response to glucose (AIRg) and insulin sensitivity index (SI), persisted over 3 years in FDR compared to CON girls (P=0.003). SI and visceral adipose tissue volume did not differ significantly between the groups. Data on age at menarche was available for 9 FDRs. Eight of 9 FDRs were postmenarchal, with a mean age at menarche of 12.1 years, similar to the average age of menarche in the US of 12.0 years according to 2007-2008 NHANES data. The significant increases in testosterone (T) levels in FDR compared to CON girls at Year 1 did not persist in Years 2 and 3 as CON T levels increased. Sex hormone binding globulin, DHEAS and androstenedione levels did not differ between the groups at any time point. In conclusion, DI, the most powerful predictor of type 2 diabetes risk, remains significantly decreased in FDR girls during puberty. These findings suggest that there are persistent defects in -cell function in PCOS FDR girls. Further, DI is decreased without significant decreases in SI suggesting that -cell dysfunction precedes insulin resistance. Accordingly, therapies targeting insulin secretion rather than insulin action may be more successful for diabetes prevention in girls at risk for PCOS. ER  - 
Clomiphene citrate is effective in increasing testosterone levels in obese hypogonadal young men; Background: Obesity has been associated with hypothalamic hypogonadism and low testosterone (T) in adult males and more recently in pubertal boys as well. The standard therapy for HG (HG) adult males is supplementation with T. However, this may lead to testicular atrophy and infertility. HG in turn may also worsen obesity, insulin resistance and dyslipidemia. Only a few studies have been done using clomiphene citrate (CC), an estrogen receptor antagonist, to increase T in obese HG men while preventing testicular atrophy. So far no studies using CC have been conducted in younger obese post-pubertal HG adults <21 year. Objective: To determine whether CC therapy was effective in increasing serum T levels in HG post-pubertal obese males <21 year. Materials and Method: A retrospective cohort study using data from medical and laboratory records of obese men aged 18-21 yr. Those found to be HG (early morning T level <350 ng/dl) were given 25mg CC on alternate days. Out of 20 HG patients, 12 were analyzed. Baseline serum T, LH and FSH were compared with post-treatment levels at 3 months. Also weight and BMI z-score were compared at baseline and after 3 months of CC treatment. Results: Baseline T levels were 233±66 ng/dl and increased to 581 ± 161 ng/dl (p < 0.0001) after 3 month of CC treatment. Baseline LH levels increased from 3.3 ±1.6 mIU/mL to 5.7 ± 1.7 mIU/mL (p=0.027). Similarly, baseline FSH levels increased from 2.8 ± 1.5 mIU/mL to 6.2 ± 3 mIU/mL after CC treatment (p=0.026). There was no correlation between weight or BMI z-score and the baseline or post treatment T, LH, or FSH levels. Conclusion: This is the first study looking at CC therapy in obese post-pubertal HG men <21 year. The anti-estrogen CC effectively increases T in obese post-pubertal HG men, similar to efficacy of CC in adult men older than 21 years. We feel that CC should be incorporated as an initial therapy for obesity in HG young adults. Future, prospective larger studies need to be done to address this question. ER  - 
Dysfunction of Autonomic Nervous System in Childhood Obesity: A Cross-Sectional Study; Objective: To assess the distribution of autonomic nervous system (ANS) dysfunction in overweight and obese children. Methods: Parasympathetic and sympathetic ANS function was assessed in children and adolescents with no evidence of impaired glucose metabolism by analysis of heart rate variability (low frequency power ln(LF), high frequency power, ln(HF); ln(LF/HF) ratio, ratio of longest RR interval during expiration to shortest interval during inspiration (E/I ratio), root mean square of successive differences (RMSSD); sympathetic skin response (SSR); and quantitative pupillography (pupil diameter in darkness, light reflex amplitude, latency, constriction velocity, re-dilation velocity). The relationship of each ANS variable to the standard deviation score of body mass index (BMI-SDS) was assessed in a linear model considering age, gender and pubertal stage as co-variates and employing an F-statistic to compare the fit of nested models. Group comparisons between normal weight and obese children as well as an analysis of dependence on insulin resistance (as indexed by the Homeostasis Model Assessment of Insulin Resistance, HOMA-IR) were performed for parameters shown to correlate with BMI-SDS. Statistical significance was set at 5%. Results: Measurements were performed in 149 individuals (mean age 12.0 y; 90 obese 45 boys; 59 normal weight, 34 boys). E/I ratio (p = 0.003), ln(HF) (p = 0.03), pupil diameter in darkness (p = 0.01) were negatively correlated with BMI-SDS, whereas ln(LF/HF) was positively correlated (p = 0.05). Early re-dilation velocity was in trend negatively correlated to BMI-SDS (p = 0.08). None of the parameters that depended significantly on BMI-SDS was found to be significantly correlated with HOMA-IR. Conclusion: These findings demonstrate extended ANS dysfunction in obese children and adolescents, affecting several organ systems. Both parasympathetic activity and sympathetic activity are reduced. The conspicuous pattern of ANS dysfunction raises the possibility that obesity may give rise to dysfunction of the peripheral autonomic nerves resembling that observed in normal-weight diabetic children and adolescents. © 2013 Baum et al. ER  - 
Weight loss in obese prepubertal children: The influence of insulin resistance; Background. Insulin resistance (IR), a link of paramount importance between obesity and cardiovascular/metabolic complications, seems to be implicated in weight changes. Objective. To determine whether IR could influence weight status during a 1-year intervention program in obese prepubertal children. Methods. Forty-four children with IR (IR group) and 42 children without IR (NIR group) were enrolled. Body mass index standard deviation score (BMI-SDS), waist circumference (WC), and homeostasis model assessment (HOMA-IR) were evaluated. Results. NIR children showed a significant reduction of BMI-SDS and WC at final assessment (p = 0.009 and p = 0.001, respectively), whereas IR children presented unchanged values. HOMA-IR decreased after intervention in the NIR group (p = 0.0008), but was exacerbated in IR children (p = 0.004). A positive and significant association between HOMA-IR at baseline and BMI at follow-up was found (B ± SE = 0.87 ± 0.24, p = 0.001). HOMA-IR at baseline was also significantly associated with WC at follow-up (B ± SE = 2.12 ± 0.69, p = 0.003). Conclusions. IR seems to influence adiposity changes in obese prepubertal children. Further longitudinal studies are needed to verify the relationship between IR and weight loss during childhood. © 2013 Informa Healthcare USA, Inc. ER  - 
Metabolic syndrome and gingival inflammation in Caucasian children with a family history of obesity; Aim To investigate whether metabolic syndrome (MetS) and its components are associated with gingival inflammation in children. Materials and Methods This is a cross-sectional analysis from the baseline visit of the QUebec Adipose and Lifestyle InvesTigation in Youth cohort, an ongoing longitudinal study investigating the natural history of obesity in children of Quebec, Canada. The analytic sample includes 448 children aged 8-10 years, 39% of whom were overweight or obese. MetS was defined according to the International Diabetes Federation recommendations. Gingival inflammation was defined by the level of gingival crevicular fluid (GCF) tumour necrosis factor alpha (TNF-α) and the extent of gingival bleeding. Sex-specific linear regression analyses estimated the associations between MetS and gingival inflammation, adjusting for potential confounders. Results Twenty-five children had MetS. Boys with MetS compared to those without, had a 49.5% (p-value = 0.001) higher GCF TNF-α level and 13.7% (p-value = 0.033) more sites with gingival bleeding. Moreover, for three of the five components of MetS - waist circumference, fasting plasma triglycerides, systolic blood pressure - an increase was associated with increased GCF TNF-α level in boys. No such findings were seen in girls. Conclusion An association between MetS and gingival inflammation was observed as early as in childhood, and may differ by sex. © 2013 John Wiley & Sons A/S. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd. ER  - 
Risk factors analysis of primary open angle glaucoma in women; Objective: To explore the risk factors of primary open angle glaucoma (POAG) in women. Methods: This retrospective, case-control study collected 128 female patients with POAG and 142 female with normal controls without POAG from 2009 to 2010.The risk factors including family history, hypertension, diabetes, age of menarche, age of menopause, parity, oral contraceptive (OC) use, hormone therapy were analyzed by logistic regression analysis. Results: Compared with normal control group using logistic regression analysis, there were significant differences in such risk factors in POAG group as family history(OR=43.36, 95% CI: 5.69-346.67; P < 0.001), hypertension(OR=3.29, 95% CI: 1.82-5.94; P < 0.001), age of menarche (OR=2.046, 95% CI: 1.17-3.54;P=0.011), age of menopause(OR=0.57, 95% CI: 0.32-0.99;P =0.049), hormone therapy (OR=0.29, 95% CI: 0.09-0.92;P=0.036). Conclusions: Family history and hypertension are high risk factors to develop POAG for women. However, female hormones may play a protective role in women with POAG. Copyright © 2013 by the Chinese Medical Association. ER  - 
Clinical manifestations, biochemical, ultrasonographic and metabolic of polycystic ovary syndrome in adolescents; PURPOSE: To evaluate the clinical, ultrasonographic, biochemical and metabolic alterations of adolescents with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). METHODS: Retrospective observational study conducted on 44 adolescents aged 12 to 19 years, diagnosed with PCOS according to the Rotterdam Consensus. Metabolic changes were assessed according to the recommendations of the International Diabetes Federation, considering: waist circumference (WC) ≥90th percentile (10-15 years of age) or >80 cm (age >16 years), fasting glucose >100 mg/dL, triglycerides >150 mg/dL, HDL <40 mg/dL, and blood pressure ≥Hg 130/85 mm. RESULTS: Mean age was 16.7±2.2 years and age at menarche was 11.8±1.4 years. The menstrual irregularity most frequently observed was amenorrhea (72.7%) followed by oligomenorrhea (27.3%); hirsutism was observed in 86.4% and acne in 56.8%. Polycystic ovaries were observed by ultrasound only in 27.3%. Mean BMI was 30.3±6.6 kg/m2. According to BMI, 52.3% of adolescents were obese, 13.6% were overweight and 6.8% had a healthy weight. Increased waist circumference (63.6%, 28/44) and the reduction of HDL-C (34.1%, 15/44) were the metabolic changes most frequently observed. Increased triglycerides were observed in 27.3% (12/44) and increased blood pressure and impaired fasting glucose were found in 9.1% (4/44) and 4.5% (2/44) of cases, respectively. Acanthosis nigricans was observed in 52.3% and insulin resistance in 62.8% of the adolescents with PCOS. Metabolic syndrome was identified in six children (13.6%), all of them obese or overweight. CONCLUSION: In the adolescents with PCOS studied here, menstrual irregularity and hirsutism were the most common clinical manifestations, while the sonographic findings consistent with polycystic ovaries were less prevalent. Obesity associated with insulin resistance predisposes these adolescents to a higher frequency of metabolic disorders. ER  - 
Atherogenic indices and prehypertension in obese and non-obese children; We evaluate the relationship between different lipoproteins and atherogenic indices with pre-hypertension in 297 obese and 942 non-obese children with Tanner stage 1 enrolled in a multicentre, community-based cross-sectional study. Height, weight, fasting glucose and insulin levels, total cholesterol, triglycerides, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-c), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-c), non-HDL-c, LDL/HDL-c, triglycerides/cholesterol and total cholesterol/HDL-c ratios were measured. Mean age was 8.4 ± 1.2 years; pre-hypertension was identified in 104 (8.4%) participants, 46 (15.5%) obese and 58 (6.1%) non-obese children. The pre-hypertensive non-obese children show a high proportion of family history of hypertension (41.6 and 24.7%, p = 0.002) and elevation of insulin at a relatively low body mass index. The triglycerides:HDL-c ratio, but not other lipoproteins or atherogenic indices, was associated with pre-hypertension in obese (1.15, 95% confidence intervals 1.06-1.26) and non-obese children (1.38 95% confidence intervals 1.22-1.57). The triglycerides:HDL-c ratio is related to pre-hypertension in children; the family history of hypertension seems to be a risk factor in developing pre-hypertension. © 2012 The Author(s). ER  - 
Long-term effects of previous oxandrolone treatment in adult women with Turner syndrome; Objective: Short stature is a prominent feature of Turner syndrome (TS), which is partially overcome by GH treatment. We have previously reported the results of a trial on the effect of oxandrolone (Ox) in girls with TS. Ox in a dose of 0.03 mg/kg per day (Ox 0.03) significantly increased adult height gain, whereas Ox mg/kg per day (0.06) did not, at the cost of deceleration of breast development and mild virilization. The aim of this follow-up study in adult participants of the pediatric trial was to investigate the long-term effects of previous Ox treatment. Design and methods: During the previous randomized controlled trial, 133 girls were treated with GH combined with placebo (Pl), Ox 0.03, or Ox 0.06 from 8 years of age and estrogen from 12 years. Sixty-eight women (Pl, n=23; Ox 0.03, n=27; and Ox 0.06, n=18) participated in the double-blind follow-up study (mean age, 24.0 years; mean time since stopping GH, 8.7 years; and mean time of Ox/Pl use, 4.9 years). We assessed height, body proportions, breast size, virilization, and body composition. Results: Height gain (final minus predicted adult height) was maintained at follow-up (Ox 0.03 10.2 ±4.9 cm, Ox 0.06 9.7±4.4 cm vs Pl 8.0±4.6 cm). Breast size, Tanner breast stage, and body composition were not different between groups. Ox-treated women reported more subjective virilization and had a lower voice frequency. Conclusion: Ox 0.03 mg/kg per day has a beneficial effect on adult height gain in TS patients. Despite previously reported deceleration of breast development during Ox 0.03 treatment, adult breast size is not affected. Mild virilization persists in only a small minority of patients. The long-term evaluation indicates that Ox 0.03 treatment is effective and safe. © 2013 European Society of Endocrinology. ER  - 
Association of female reproductive factors with body composition: The Framingham Heart Study; Background: Identifying reproductive risk factors in women offers a life course approach to obesity and cardiovascular disease prevention. The association of female reproductive factors with measures of regional body fat distribution has not been comprehensively studied. Methods: We examined the association of female reproductive factors (age at menarche, parity, age at natural menopause, menopausal status) in association with body composition data from women who participated in the Offspring and the Third Generation Framingham Heart Study cohorts. Visceral adipose tissue (VAT) and sc adipose tissue (SAT) were measured volumetrically by multidetector computerized tomography. We modeled the relationship between each fat depot and female reproductive factors after adjusting for various factors such as age, smoking status, alcohol intake, physical activity index, hormone replacement therapy, and menopausal status. Results: Earlier age at menarche was associated with increased body mass index (BMI), waist circumference (WC), VAT, and SAT (P < 0.0001). This association of earlier menarche with adiposity measures was attenuated after adjusting for BMI (all P > 0.70). We observed no association between parity and all parameters of adiposity measurements (all P > 0.24). Similarly, age at natural menopause was not associated with measures of body composition. Despite higher mean BMI among the post- (BMI 27.3 kg/m2) compared with the premenopausal women(BMI 25.9 kg/m2) in an age-matched analysis, mean VAT was not different between the two groups (P = 0.30). Conclusions: Earlier menarche is associated with overall obesity but not with VAT or SAT after accounting for measures of generalized adiposity. Parity and menopausal age were not associated with adiposity measures. Although postmenopausal women had increased BMI, VAT, and SAT, the association was predominantly due to age. Copyright © 2013 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Normal insulin-like peptide-3 levels despite low testosterone in adult males with Prader-Willi syndrome: Variations in leydig cell function from infancy through adulthood; Background: Cryptorchidism, incomplete pubertal development, and low testosterone are manifestations of hypogonadism in Prader-Willi syndrome (PWS). Insulin-like peptide-3 (INSL3) facilitates testicular descent in the fetus and reflects Leydig cell number in adults. INSL3 levels in PWS have not been previously reported. Objectives: The objectives of the study were to characterize the age-related changes in INSL3 in PWS males and correlate INSL3 with unilateral vs. bilateral cryptorchidism, body mass index, gonadotropins, testosterone, anti-Mullerian hormone (AMH), and inhibin B. Study Design and Participants: We measured INSL3, LH, FSH, testosterone, AMH, and inhibin B in 40 PWS males (23 deletion, 17 uniparental disomy) aged 2 months to 36 yr. Control samples for INSL3 were obtained from 365 normal males, aged 1 d to 36 yr. Results: INSL3 levels (mean and range) for PWS age groups younger than 6 months, 0.5-10.0 yr, 10.1- 19.0 yr, and older than 19.0 yr were 217 (68-380), 42 (16-112), 390 (16-1028), and 642 (290-964) pg/ml, respectively, and did not differ significantly from values for normal males. In seven of 14 boys aged 10.1-19 yr, INSL3, testosterone, and LH were low (37.4 ± 19.4 pg/ml, 1.44 ± 0.46 nmol/liter, 0.3 ± 0.6 IU/liter). The other seven with higher INSL3, testosterone, and LH (693.1 ± 305.8 pg/ml, 5.91 ± 2.77 nmol/liter, 2.7 ±1.9 IU/liter) had more advanced pubertal development. INSL3 was normal in seven of nine males aged older than 19 yr, despite low testosterone in six. After controlling for age, INSL3 correlated with LH (P = 0.005) and testosterone (P < 0.001) but not with FSH, AMH, or inhibin B. Conclusions: Most PWS males have normal INSL3 levels. By contrast, testosterone levels after infancy are low. These findings suggest a specific defect in Leydig cell function. Copyright © 2013 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Residual beta cell function at diagnosis of type 1 diabetes in children and adolescents varies with gender and season; Background: There are seasonal variations and gender differences in incidence of type 1 diabetes (T1D), metabolic control and responses to immune interventions at onset of the disease. We hypothesized that there are seasonal and gender differences in residual insulin secretion already at diagnosis of T1D. Methods: In 2005, a national study, the Better Diabetes Diagnosis, was started to classify all newly diagnosed children and adolescents with diabetes. About 95% (3824/4017) of the patients were classified as T1D, and our analyses are based on the patients with T1D. Results: C-peptide was lower in younger children, 0-10years of age (0.23±0.20nmol/L) than in older children, 11-18years of age (0.34±0.28nmol/L) (p<0.000 ). There was a seasonal variation in non-fasting serum C-peptide, significantly correlated to the seasonal variation of diagnosis (p<0.01). Most children were diagnosed in January, February and March as well as in October when C-peptide was highest, whereas fewer patients were diagnosed in April and May when serum C-peptide was significantly lower (p<0.01). The seasonal variation of C-peptide was more pronounced in boys than in girls (p<0.000 and p<0.01, respectively). Girls had higher C-peptide than boys (p<0.05), especially in early puberty. Conclusions: Both seasonal and gender differences in residual beta cell function exist already at diagnosis of T1D. These observations have consequences for treatment and for randomizing patients in immune intervention clinical trials. © 2012 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Treatment with gonadotropin-releasing hormone analogues: Different impact on body weight in normal-weight and overweight children; Objective: We studied the effect of gonadotropin-releasing hormone analogues (GnRHa) on weight gain as a possible side effect. Methods: We analyzed longitudinally changes in BMI-SDS in 92 children [median age 8.0 years (IQR 7.1-8.9), 88% females, mean BMI-SDS 0.69 ± 1.30] with idiopathic central precocious puberty or early puberty treated with GnRHa. Furthermore, 25 overweight children with GnRHa were compared to 25 overweight children without GnRHa matched by age, gender, degree of overweight, and pubertal stage. Results: The matched overweight children without GnRHa demonstrated a significant increase in their BMI-SDS in the course of 1 year (+0.18 ± 0.22). Normal-weight children treated with GnRHa demonstrated a significant increase in BMI-SDS in the course of 1 year (+0.32 ± 0.66) in contrast to overweight children treated with GnRHa who showed a stable BMI-SDS (-0.02 ± 0.27). This significant difference in changes in BMI-SDS between normal-weight and overweight children treated with GnRHa was also observed at the end of GnRHa treatment and 6 months later (p < 0.001). Conclusions: Change in weight status differed between overweight and normal-weight children during GnRHa treatment. We found no increased risk for the side effect of weight gain in overweight children treated with GnRHa. Copyright © 2012 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Physical activity and cardiovascular disease risk factors in urban school children; Although the clinical signs of cardiovascular disease (CVD) are not evident until adulthood, many of the risk factors have their roots in early childhood. The aim of this study was to examine physical activity levels (PA) and the incidence of CVD risk factors in a small population (n=102) of primary school children in Dublin. Risk factors measured included overweight/obesity, blood lipids, blood pressure (BP), physical fitness and PA levels. Over a quarter of the group were overweight/obese (n=29, 28%). Despite relatively good fitness levels, PA levels were low with less than half the group (n=44, 46%) participating in the recommended 1hour/day. Fewer girls reported spending >1hour/day at PA compared to boys (n=14 v n=30). Six children had elevated cholesterol levels and five children had higher than normal BP values. Sixteen children demonstrated clustering of CVD risk factors and in those who were inactive the risk was greater. Our data suggest that in children as young as 10years significant risk factors already exist. Furthermore, the low level of PA in girls provides a target for health promotion programmes. ER  - 
Metabolic syndrome in obese adolescents: What is enough?; Objective: To study the agreement among three distinct criteria for metabolic syndrome (MS) adapted to adolescents, and to identify associated factors for MS. Methods: Cross-sectional study with 65 obese subjects aged 10 to 18 years, attended to at the Outpatient Clinic for Obese Children and Adolescents at the Clinical Hospital of the Universidade Estadual de Campinas (Unicamp). MS was defined using the criteria of the World Health Organization (WHO), the International Diabetes Federation (IDF), and the Adult Treatment Panel III (ATP III). Clinical, anthropometrical, and laboratorial data were associated to MS. Results: From the 65 subjects, none had MS according to the WHO criteria, while 18 were diagnosed with MS (27.6%) according to the IDF, and 19 (29.2%) according to the ATP III. Agreement between IDF and ATP III was excellent (kappa 81%). In this study, puberty and triglycerides levels showed significant statistical difference when comparing subjects with and without MS, the first for ATP III (p = 0.03), and the second for IDF (p = 0.005) and ATP III (p = 0.001) criteria. Conclusion: The WHO criteria does not seem to be adequate for adolescents. IDF and ATP III criteria had an excellent agreement. Puberty and triglycerides were associated with MS. © 2013 Elsevier Editora Ltda. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Evaluation of GWAS-identified genetic variants for age at menarche among Chinese women; STUDY QUESTION: Do genetic polymorphisms which influence age at menarche in women of European ancestry also influence women of Chinese ancestry?SUMMARY ANSWERMany genetic variants influencing age at menarche in European populations appear to impact Chinese populations in a similar manner.WHAT IS KNOWN AND WHAT THIS PAPER ADDSPrior genome-wide association studies have uncovered 42 SNPs associated with age at menarche in European populations. This study is the first to demonstrate that many of the genetic determinants of age at menarche are shared between European and Chinese women.PARTICIPANTS AND SETTINGWe evaluated 37 of 42 SNPs identified as associated with age at menarche from a recent, large meta-analysis, consisting primarily of women of European ancestry, in a population of 6929 Chinese women from Shanghai, China. We also constructed weighted genetic risk scores (GRSs) combining the number of effect variants for all 37 SNPs, or only the SNPs associated with age at menarche among our study population, to evaluate their joint influence on age at menarche.MAIN RESULTSFor 32 of the 37 evaluated variants, the direction of the allele associations were the same between women of European ancestry and women of Chinese ancestry (P = 3.71 × 10-6, binomial sign test); 9 of these were statistically significant. Subjects in the highest quintile of GRSs began menarche ∼5 months later than those in the lowest quintile.BIAS, LIMITATIONS AND GENERALIZABILITY TO OTHER POPULATIONSAge at menarche was obtained by self-report, which can be subject to recall errors. The current analysis was restricted to loci which met or approached GWAS significance thresholds and did not evaluate loci which may act predominantly or exclusively in the Chinese population. The smaller sample size for our meta-analysis compared with meta-analyses conducted in European populations reduced the power to detect significant results.STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTERESTSThis study was supported, in part, by grants from US National Institutes of Health (grants R01CA124558, R01CA090899, R01CA070867; R01CA064277 and R01CA092585 and UL1 RR024975), Ingram professorship funds and Allen Foundation funds. There are no competing interests to declare. © 2013 The Author. ER  - 
Adiponectin is a good marker for metabolic state among type 1 diabetes mellitus patients; Objective: Adiponectin is secreted from adipose tissue. This hormone has a fundamental role in pathogenesis of insulin resistance, and has anti-inflammatory and anti-atherogenic effects. The objectives of this study were to compare serum adiponectin level between type 1 diabetics and healthy people and to assess its related factors, and also to determine the relationship between adiponectin and metabolic state. Methods: This was a case control study involving 60 diabetics (25 good and 35 poor metabolic controlled) and 28 healthy persons (younger than 18 years old). The data about demographic (age and sex), clinical and paraclinical characteristics [body mass index (BMI), duration of disease, puberty state, and glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) and adiponectin level in serum] were collected. Determinants of adiponectin were assessed using univariate and multiple linear regression analyses. Findings: Mean (±SD) serum adiponectin level in healthy persons, good-controlled and poor-controlled type 1 diabetes mellitus patients were 9.16 (±4.2) μg/cc, 10.89 (±4.48)μg/cc, and 15.92 (±8.26)μg/cc, respectively. Post hoc analysis revealed that differences of adiponectin between poor- and good-controlled type 1 diabetes mellitus patients (P=0.01) and between healthy persons and poor controlled type 1 diabetes mellitus (P<0.0001) were statistically significant. Adiponectin level was associated with puberty state and BMI in healthy persons. It was associated with puberty state and HbA1c in type 1 diabetic persons. Conclusion: Serum level of adiponectin was higher in type 1 diabetics than in healthy persons and it can be used as a good marker for metabolic control state among diabetics. © 2013 by Pediatrics Center of Excellence, Children's Medical Center, Tehran University of Medical Sciences, All rights reserved. ER  - 
Morphological and metabolic determinants of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in obese youth: a pilot study.; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) related to obesity has been rising in the last decades, though the morphological and metabolic determinants are remain unclear in children. The aim of this study was to analyze the morphological determinants and metabolic abnormalities in obese children and adolescents, classified either as with (P-NAFLD) or without (N-NAFLD). The sample comprised 190 individuals, aged 6 to 16 years-old, assigned into one of 4 groups according to sex and presence or absence of NAFLD. Obesity was obtained according to body mass index (BMI) cut-points. Body composition variables was estimated by Dual-Energy X-ray Absorptiometry (DEXA). Total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TG), HDL-cholesterol (HDL-C), LDL-cholesterol (LDL-C), insulin, fasting glucose (FG) and blood pressure were also analyzed. The diagnosis of NAFLD, as well as the measurement of intra-abdominal fat tissue thickness (IAF) and subcutaneous abdominal fat tissue thickness (SCF), was carried-out by ultrasound. Males and females belonging to P-NAFLD group showed, respectively, higher TFM and IAF. When data were adjusted for sex, age and total fat mass, those in P-NAFLD showed statistically higher IAF, TFM and TG. Our study showed that obese youngsters who were assigned to P-NAFLD group were twice as likely to present higher concentration of triglycerides, higher levels of trunk fat, as well as intra-abdominal fat compared to their N-NAFLD counterparts even after adjustments for sex, age, pubertal stage and total body fat mass. ER  - 
The prevalence of metabolic syndrome and its relation to leptin levels in obese children and adolescents; Objective: In this study, we aimed to determine the prevalence of metabolic syndrome (MS) and frequency of metabolic risk factors in pubertal obese children, and to evaluate the relation between metabolic syndrome and plasma leptin levels. Material and Methods: In this study, 451 pubertal children and adolescents aged between 8-18 years admitted with complaints of excess weight. The ones with a body mass index standard deviation score (BMI-SDS) ≥1.81 were included in this study. In all cases, medical history, physical examination, anthropometric measurements, results of biochemical and hormonal assays were evaluated. MS was diagnosed according to International Diabetes Federation (IDF) consensus criteria. Result: Fifty five percent of the study group were males and 45% were females. The median ages for girls and boys were 12.3 (8.0-16.4) and 12.6 (8.9-16.2) years, respectively. There were 89 (19.8%) children with MS. It was found that leptin had a positive relationship with BMI, waist and hip circumference, insulin level, Homeostasis Model Assessment of Insulin Resistance (HOMA-IR) and LDL cholesterol level, and a negative one with age and HDL cholesterol in all obese cases. However no relation was found between leptin and fasting blood glucose and triglyceride levels. On the other hand, leptin was higher in those with hypertension. Conclusion: An increased prevalence of obesity, together with metabolic risk factors such as dyslipidemia and abnormal blood pressure were observed in childhood, contributing to the onset of MS at younger ages. Leptin was markedly elevated in obese patients with MS. At the same time, it was found associated with metabolic risk factors. Therefore a high leptin level may be a risk factor for MS. © 2013 by Türkiye Klinikleri. ER  - 
Common complications in beta-thalassemia patients; Even the life span has prolonged for the last 40 years, increase in frequently seen complications with increasing age negatively affect the life quality of thalassemia patients. In our study, complications encountered in 67 ß-thalassemia patients who were followedup at our hospital between 1 January 2004 and 31 May 2009 were retrospectively analyzed. Fifty-six patients were followed up with diagnosis of thalassemia major and 11 with thalassemia intermedia. Totally, 56.7% of patients were male and 43.3% were female. Ages varied between 2-20 years with the mean age of 10.3±4.8 years. Mean ferritin level was 2212±1370 ng/mL (41-6263 ng/mL) for 4.5 years. Complications were increased with increasing age. Complication rates were significantly higher among thalassemia major patients compared to thalassemia intermedia patients. There was no statistically significant relationship between complications and mean ferritin levels. The most common complications were endocrine complications (38.8%). Cardiac complications developed in 22.4% of the patients; gastroenterological complications in 19.4%; allergic complications in 9%; infectious complications in 1.5%; and thrombosis was detected in 1.5%. The endocrine complications were osteoporosis, growth retardation, developmental delay, short stature, hypothyroidism, delayed puberty, hypogonadism, and diabetes mellitus. The cardiac complications were left ventricular wall hypertrophy, diastolic dysfunction, systolic dysfunction, heart failure, pericardial effusion, dilated cardiomyopathy, left ventricular dilatation, left atrial dilatation, and fatal arrhythmias. Mortality occurred in one (1.5%) out of 67 ß-thalassemia patient due to dilated cardiomyopathy and fatal arrhythmia. ER  - 
A novel mutation in IGFALS, c.380T>C (p.L127P), associated with short stature, delayed puberty, osteopenia and hyperinsulinaemia in two siblings: Insights into the roles of insulin growth factor-1 (IGF1); Background The acid-labile subunit (ALS) protein is crucial for maintaining the circulating IGF/IGFBP system. Inactivating mutations of IGFALS result in IGF1 deficiency associated with growth retardation. Although the first IGFALS mutation in humans was described in 2004, only 16 mutations have been reported since. Moreover, the phenotype of affected patients as a consequence of ALS deficiency is still highly variable. We assessed whether children with idiopathic short stature (ISS) harbour mutations in IGFALS and characterized affected patients' phenotype. Design Sixty-five children with ISS were enrolled in the study. Serum ALS levels were measured by ELISA, and IGFALS was sequenced. Results A novel homozygous mutation in IGFALS, c.380T>C (p.L127P), was identified in two siblings of a consanguineous family. The proband, a 17·75-year-old male, was -1·9 SDS in height and -4·5 SDS in weight. Exaggerated stimulated GH (38 ng/ml) and extremely low IGF1 and IGFBP3 (<25 and <500 ng/ml, respectively) indicated GH insensitivity. Both affected siblings had low or no ALS (43 and 0 mU/ml, respectively). They were also mildly small for gestational age, severely underweight and showed osteopenia, insulin insensitivity and delayed and slow puberty progression. Conclusions Acid-labile subunit deficiency due to IGFALS mutations is a rare cause of growth retardation in children. The unique combination of features presented by the two affected siblings emphasizes the important role of IGF1 in bone formation, insulin regulation and the pubertal process, in addition to its crucial effect on growth. Long-term follow-up is indicated since the clinical outcome with respect to osteoporosis, diabetes mellitus and fertility has not been recognized. © 2013 John Wiley & Sons Ltd. ER  - 
Association between serum osteocalcin, adiposity and metabolic risk in obese children and adolescents; Introduction: Childhood obesity has been associated with the development of insulin resistance, potentially leading to several metabolic disorders. Osteocalcin has been reported to contribute to the regulation of glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity. The purpose of this study was to examine the relationship between serum osteocalcin and metabolic risk factors in obese children and adolescents. Material and methods: Age, gender, pubertal stage, adiposity markers (standard deviation score of body mass index: BMI-SDS, percentage of body fat, waist circumference), blood pressure, serum osteocalcin (OC), fasting plasma glucose and insulin, glycated haemoglobin level (HbA 1c), insulin resistance estimated by homeostasis model assessment (HOMA-IR), lipid profile, C-reactive protein (CRP), fibrinogen (FB), white blood cell count (WBC) and 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25-OH-D) were evaluated in 142 obese children and adolescents. Stepwise multiple regression analysis was used to determine the relationship between serum osteocalcin and metabolic risk parameters. Results: Mean serum osteocalcin level was 72.0 ± 20.5 μg/L (range: 16.8-181.5 μg/L). After adjustment for multiple potential confounders, serum osteocalcin concentration was inversely associated with adiposity markers as well as HOMA-IR, HbA1c, triglycerides, CRP, FB and positively with 25-OH-D and HDL-cholesterol. In stepwise multiple linear regression analysis adjusted for age, gender and pubertal stage, osteocalcin was significantly negatively related to HOMA-IR, triglycerides and waist circumference. Conclusions: Serum osteocalcin concentration is associated with blood markers of dysmetabolic phenotype and measures of adiposity, suggesting that osteocalcin is important not only for bones but also for glucose and fat metabolism as early as during childhood. ER  - 
The influence of gonadal hormones on skeletal health in men; Osteoporosis in men has only recently begun to receive more attention despite it being estimated that about one third of all osteoporotic fractures occur in men and that the residual lifetime fracture risk in a man aged 60 years may be as high as 30 %. Accrual of bone mass and age-related bone loss in aging healthy men are multifactorial processes involving hormonal, environmental, and genetic factors. This review will summarise the effects of gonadal steroids on bone turnover and bone mass in both, men with over hypogonadism and healthy elderly men with age-related androgen deficiency. © Schattauer 2013. ER  - 
Quantitating lymphocyte homeostasis in vivo in humans using stable isotope tracers; Humans have a remarkable ability to maintain relatively constant lymphocyte numbers across many decades, from puberty to old-age, despite a multitude of infectious and other challenges and a dramatic decline in thymic output. This phenomenon, lymphocyte homeostasis, is achieved by matching the production, death, and phenotype transition rates across a network of varied lymphocyte subpopulations. Understanding this process in humans depends on the ability to measure in vivo rates of lymphocyte production and loss. Such investigations have been greatly facilitated by the advent of stable isotope labeling approaches, which use the rate of incorporation of a tracer into cellular DNA as a marker of cell division. Two labeling approaches are commonly employed, one using deuterium-labeled glucose and the other using deuterium-labeled water, also known as heavy water (<sup>2</sup> H<inf>2</inf> O). Here we describe the application of these two labeling techniques for measurement of human in vivo lymphocyte kinetics through the four phases of investigation: labeling, sampling, analysis, and interpretation. © Springer Science+Business Media New York 2013. ER  - 
Compensatory responses to insulin resistance in obese African-American and Latina girls; Purpose Insulin responses to oral and intravenous glucose markedly differ by ethnicity. This study examined whether ethnic differences in pancreatic insulin secretion, hepatic insulin extraction and clearance explain these disparate findings in 35 obese African-American and 41 Latina girls (Tanner Stages: IV-V; ages: 14-18; body mass index percentile: 85.9-99.8%). Methods Pancreatic insulin secretion, hepatic insulin extraction and clearance were estimated by C-peptide and insulin modeling during an oral glucose tolerance test. Insulin sensitivity (SI), acute insulin response to glucose (AIR G) and disposition index were derived from a frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test. Results Compared to Latinas, obese African-American adolescents had lower pancreatic insulin secretion (21.3%; P<0.01), glucose incremental area under the curve (IAUC) (41.7%, P=0.02), C-peptide IAUC (25.1%, P<0.01) and SI (33.7%; P<0.01). There were no ethnic differences in hepatic insulin extraction and clearance (P's>0.05). Conclusions Compensatory mechanisms to insulin resistance do not appear to explain the ethnic differences in insulin responses to oral and intravenous glucose in obese African-American and Latina girls. © 2012 The Authors. ER  - 
Correlation between menarcheal age and certain demographic characteristics; Introduction: The first occurrence of menstruation (or periods) is called menarche and it is a vital event during puberty in girls. Various studies show a downward trend in menarcheal age over the last hundred years. Many factors can influence age at menarche. The aim of this study was to determine the correlation between menarcheal age and certain demographic characteristics, in female residents of district 13, Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study. Materials and Methods: In this longitudinal descriptive, conducted within the framework of the Tehran lipid and glucose study, subjects were 402 girls, aged 12 and 18 years, whose menarche had not begun at the initiation of the study, but it did during their follow-up. In order to collect data, questionnaires previously completed in the TLGS were used. Validity and reliability of the questionnaire confirmed in previous studies. Various factors including maternal age at menarche, maternal education, maternal occupation, body mass index, physical activity, energy expenditure and exposure to tobacco smoke were examined. Results: Findings showed that the mean age at menarche was 13.06 ± 1.24 years in this study. There were significant statistical associations between body mass index (P=0.002, r=-0.04), mother's age at menarche (P<0.001, r=0.66) and maternal education (P=0.027, r=0.25) and the subjects age at menarche. However there was no significant association between age at menarche, with mother's occupation, passive smoking, physical activity and energy expenditure. Conclusion: It seems that BMI, mother's menarcheal age and maternal education are factors that influence the age at menarche. ER  - 
Factors associated with osteoporosis among a sample of jordanian women referred for investigation for osteoporosis; This cross-sectional study was carried out to examine the association between osteoporosis and specific risk factors among 384 women referred to the Radiology Department at King Abdullah University Hospital, Irbid, Jordan during the period September 2009-August 2010 for diagnosis of osteopenia or osteoporosis. Bone mineral density measurements were carried out using dual energy X-ray absorptiometry at both the lumbar spine [AP: L1-L4] and femoral hip (neck, trochanter). Studied risk factors included age, age at menarche, menopause, body mass index, diabetes mellitus, hypertension, renal problems and smoking. The prevalence of osteoporosis among the studied sample was 13.5%. Osteoporosis was significantly associated with current age, age at menarche, diabetes mellitus, hypertension, and renal problems. ER  - 
Cardiorespiratory fitness is negatively associated with metabolic risk factors independently of the adherence to a healthydietary pattern; Background and aim: Cardiorespiratory fitness (CRF) and diet have been involved as significant factors towards the prevention of cardio-metabolic diseases. This study aimed to assess the impact of the combined associations of CRF and adherence to the Southern European Atlantic Diet (SEADiet) on the clustering of metabolic risk factors in adolescents. Methods and Results: A cross-sectional school-based study was conducted on 468 adolescents aged 15. -18, from the Azorean Islands, Portugal. We measured fasting glucose, insulin, total cholesterol (TC), HDL-cholesterol, triglycerides, systolic blood pressure, waits circumference and height. HOMA, TC/HDL-C ratio and waist-to-height ratio were calculated. For each of these variables, a Z-score was computed by age and sex. A metabolic risk score (MRS) was constructed by summing the Z scores of all individual risk factors. High risk was considered when the individual had ≥1SD of this score. CRF was measured with the 20m-Shuttle-Run-Test. Adherence to SEADiet was assessed with a semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire. Logistic regression showed that, after adjusting for potential confounders, unfit adolescents with low adherence to SEADiet had the highest odds of having MRS (OR=9.4; 95%CI:2.6-33.3) followed by the unfit ones with high adherence to the SEADiet (OR=6.6; 95% CI: 1.9-22.5) when compared to those who were fit and had higher adherence to SEADiet. Conclusions: Unfit adolescents showed higher odds of having high MRS, regardless of the adherence to SEADiet suggesting that high CRF may overcome the deleterious effects of low adherence to a healthy dietary pattern in adolescents. © 2012 Elsevier B.V. ER  - 
Arterial function and structure after a 1-year lifestyle intervention in children with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; Background and Aims: Lifestyle modification has been the mainstay of controlling childhood obesity and has proved to be effective in reducing cardiovascular risk factors. However, it is currently unknown whether the subclinical atherosclerotic changes associated with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in such population are reversible. Methods and results: We analyzed changes of brachial flow-mediated dilation (FMD), carotid intima-media thickness (cIMT), clinical, laboratory, and imaging data in 120 obese children with NAFLD, at the end of a 1-year intervention program with diet and physical exercise. The lifestyle intervention led to a significant mean decrease of body mass index (BMI)-standard deviation score (SDS), waist circumference (WC) and fat mass, along with diastolic blood pressure, triglycerides, liver enzymes, insulin, insulin resistance (homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance, HOMA-IR), and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein. At the end of the study, FMD improved (P<0.0001), while cIMT did not change significantly (P=0.20). A significant decrease in hepatic fat content as measured by magnetic resonance imaging was also observed. Changes in FMD were inversely associated with changes in BMI-SDS, WC, total cholesterol, non-HDL cholesterol, liver enzymes, HOMA-IR, physical activity, and hepatic fat content. After including in the model all the significant variables as well as age, gender, pubertal status, and baseline FMD values, changes in FMD were significantly and independently associated with changes in WC and total cholesterol. Conclusion: Also in obese children with NAFLD arterial function may be restored by improving metabolic risk factors and reducing visceral adiposity following a 1-year lifestyle intervention. © 2012 Elsevier B.V. ER  - 
Homocysteine and cysteine levels in prepubertal children: Association with waist circumference and lipid profile; Objective: To evaluate homocysteine and total cysteine levels in prepubertal children and to determine the association between these levels and obesity, increased waist circumference, glucose levels, and lipid profile alterations. Methods: Using a cross-sectional study, 677 prepubertal students 6 to 11 y old were assessed. The weight, height, and waist circumference of the students were measured. Laboratory analyses included triacylglycerols, total cholesterol and its fractions, glucose, vitamin B12, folate, homocysteine, and cysteine. Chi-square tests and logistic regression (forward-stepwise) were used for statistical analysis; the significance level was set at 5%. Results: The median age of the students was 8.9 y (6.5-11.5), and the prevalences of overweight and obesity were 90 in 677 (13.3%) and 81 in 677 (12.0%), respectively. An increase in waist circumference was observed in 180 of 677 children (26.6%). Inadequate levels of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triacylglycerols, and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol were found in 95 (14.0%), 129 (19.1%), and 179 (26.4%) of the 677 students, respectively. The median homocysteine and total cysteine plasma levels were 5.6 μmol/L (0.1-11.7) and 365.7 μmol/L (191.5-589.2), respectively. A multivariate analysis showed that children with a waist circumference above the 90th percentile (7.3 μmol/L) were 2.4 times (95% confidence interval 1.4-4.0) more likely to have increased homocysteine levels and that children with increased waist circumferences and those with high low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels were 2.7 (95% confidence interval 1.6-4.6) and 2.1 (95% confidence interval 1.1-4.0) times more likely, respectively, to have total cysteine levels above the 90th percentile (445.0 μmol/L). Conclusion: The association of abdominal obesity in prepuberty with levels of homocysteine and cysteine found in this study of a prepubertal population could be an early and independent predictor of cardiovascular risk. © 2013 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Do ACE I/D gene polymorphism serve as a predictive marker for age at onset in PCOS?; Background: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is an endocrine disorder exhibiting variable age at onset of clinical features allied with complex diseases in the later life. ACE is a pleiotropic molecule associated with various pathophysiological functions. The present study was aimed to establish the frequency of ACE I/D gene polymorphism in patients and controls and to assess the influence of this polymorphism on anthropometric and various clinical features of the condition. Methods: ACE I/D genotyping was carried out in 259 PCOS patients and 315 healthy ultrasound scanned women of South Indian origin. Results: The distribution of DD, ID and II genotypes in patients was 39, 37 and 24 %, whereas in the controls it was 31, 51 and 18 % respectively. Significant difference was observed in the genotypic frequency distributions between the patients and controls, however the allelic frequencies did not vary between the groups (p > 0.05). Quartile analysis revealed preponderance of DD genotype in the first two quartiles and a linear increase of II genotype from first to the last quartiles. Further, Multiple Logistic regression analysis revealed significant association of ACE I/D gene polymorphism with acanthosis and age at onset (AAO) of the syndrome (p < 0.05). Conclusion: The present study is the first report to highlight the predisposing role of DD and protective role of ID genotype towards PCOS. Patients with single or double dose of D allele may develop PCOS symptoms at an early age and also significantly associated with acanthosis, a marker of insulin resistance. © 2012 Springer Science+Business Media New York. ER  - 
Risk factors for night sweats and hot flushes in midlife: Results from a prospective cohort study; OBJECTIVE: This study aims to identify social, lifestyle, and reproductive history risk factors for night sweats (NS) only, hot flushes (HF) only, and both NS and HF. METHODS: Risk factors and symptoms among 10,454 participants of the Australian Longitudinal Study on Women's Health who were aged 45 to 50 years in 1996 were measured at baseline and 3-year intervals (surveys 2-6) for 15 years. Multinomial logistic regression analyses were performed. RESULTS: Compared with neither symptom, both symptoms together were reported less often by highly educated women (odds ratio, 0.61; 99.9% CI, 0.50-0.74), but more often by women who were heavier (odds ratio, 1.23; 99.9% CI, 1.08-1.40), were current smokers (odds ratio, 1.31; 99.9% CI, 1.09-1.56), were high-risk drinkers (odds ratio, 1.44; 99.9% CI, 1.10-1.89), were perimenopausal (odds ratio, 6.57; 99.9% CI, 5.52-7.82) or postmenopausal (odds ratio, 4.74; 99.9% CI, 4.00-5.63), had gained weight (odds ratio, 1.15; 99.9% CI, 1.01-1.31), or had premenstrual tension (odds ratio, 1.86; 99.9% CI, 1.48-2.34), than by women without these characteristics. HF only was reported less often by highly educated women (odds ratio, 0.73; 99.9% CI, 0.59-0.90), but more often by perimenopausal (odds ratio, 3.58; 99.9% CI, 2.95-4.35) or postmenopausal (odds ratio, 2.97; 99.9% CI, 2.47-3.57) women and by those with premenstrual tension (odds ratio, 1.60; 99.9% CI, 1.25-2.04). Finally, NS only was reported more often among current smokers (odds ratio, 1.55; 99.9% CI, 1.11-2.19), high-risk drinkers (odds ratio, 1.76; 99.9% CI, 1.04-2.97), perimenopausal women (odds ratio, 1.53; 99.9% CI, 1.14-2.06), those with diabetes (odds ratio, 1.91; 99.9% CI, 1.08-3.35), those with premenstrual tension (odds ratio, 1.67; 99.9% CI, 1.09-2.56), or those of early age at first pregnancy (odds ratio, 1.45; 99.9% CI, 1.05-1.99). CONCLUSIONS: The presence of both symptoms is associated with social, behavioral, and menstrual factors. Some differences in risk factors among women who report only one symptom or both symptoms are observed, suggesting a slightly different etiology for each. © 2013 by The North American Menopause Society. ER  - 
Polycystic ovary syndrome and nonalcoholic fatty liver in obese adolescents: Association with metabolic risk profile; Objective To investigate the relationship between liver fat and in vivo insulin sensitivity, body composition, abdominal adiposity, and lipid metabolism in obese adolescent girls with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Design Cross-sectional case-control study. Setting Research center. Patient(s) Thirty Tanner stage V obese girls with PCOS. Intervention(s) None. Main Outcome Measure(s) Liver fat, abdominal adiposity, in vivo insulin-stimulated glucose disposal, whole-body lipolysis, fat oxidation, lipoprotein particle size and concentration, and liver enzymes (alanine aminotransferase and aspartate aminotransferase). Fatty liver index <1 is indicative of fatty liver. Result(s) Fatty liver was present in 6.7% of the individuals (6.7%). Levels of alanine aminotransferase and aspartate aminotransferase were not different between those with fatty liver vs. without. Fatty liver index was associated with age (r = -0.53), body mass index (r = -0.41), total (r = -0.43) and subcutaneous (r = -0.41) abdominal adiposity, insulin-stimulated glucose disposal (r = 0.36), and small, medium small, and very small low-density lipoprotein concentrations (r ≥ -0.43). In a multiple regression analysis, age, total T, race, and insulin-stimulated glucose disposal explained 43% of the variance (R2 = 0.43) in fatty liver index, with age (R2 = 0.28) and total T (R2 = 0.11) being independent contributors. Conclusion(s) Liver fat is associated with increasing age, even in the narrow adolescent age range, increasing abdominal adiposity, worsening insulin sensitivity, and dyslipoproteinemia in obese adolescent girls with PCOS. Targeting these abnormalities early in the course of PCOS may halt future nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in adulthood. © 2013 American Society for Reproductive Medicine, Published by Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Relationship between changes in plasma Leptin concentrations and plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 in obese prepubertal children after nine months of treatment; Background/Aims: The metabolic syndrome (MS) is associated with insulin resistance (IR), inappropriate fibrinolysis and high plasma leptin concentrations. The aim of this study was to quantify fibrinolysis and MS-related variables in obese prepubertal children and to evaluate changes in these variables as a result of improved body mass index (BMI), IR and leptin levels following 9 months of treatment. Methods: The homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), leptin, plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1) and lipid profile were studied at baseline in obese (n = 50) and nonobese children (n = 50), and after 9 months of treatment in obese children. Results: In the cross-sectional study the mean values for insulin, HOMA-IR, triglycerides, leptin and PAI-1 were significantly higher in obese children than in controls. High-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDLc) and apolipoprotein A-1 were significantly lower. In the longitudinal study, after 9 months, children with lowered BMI standard deviation score displayed a significant decrease in insulin, HOMA-IR, PAI-1, leptin and triglyceride levels, and an increase in HDLc. Only leptin proved to be an independent predictive factor for changes in PAI-1 (p = 0.010). Conclusion: Obesity-linked disorders appear in obese children prior to puberty; these disorders can be improved by decreasing BMI. Changes in leptin levels were found to independently predict changes in PAI-1 in obese children and can help to diagnose complications associated with the obesity. © 2013 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
The endocrine response to exercise and training in young athletes.; The manuscript "Plasma Somatomedin-C in 8- to 10-Year-Old Swimmers" by Denison and Ben-Ezra published in the first issue of Pediatric Exercise Science in 1989 was among the first to address the relationship between growth, the growth hormone (GH)/Insulin like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) axis, and exercise. Since their pioneering article, this topic has become of great interest to pediatricians and pediatric exercise researchers, and today our understanding of the effects of exercise training on the growth axis during childhood and puberty, on differences between systemic and local (i.e., muscle) responses to exercise, and our ability to use these responses to assist the adolescent competitive athlete in the evaluation of the training load have markedly improved. The aim of the present review is to summarize our current knowledge on this topic. ER  - 
[Subclinical atheroesclerosis and metabolic syndrome in children].; Metabolic syndrome (MS) in children has been associated to subclinical atherosclerosis as estimated by carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT). We aim to ascertain the influence of MS, insulin resistance (IR) and nutritional status on CIMT. Percentiles with an increased risk of CIMT were also explored. A cross-sectional study of 447 children attending public schools in Santiago, Chile, was performed during years 2009-2011. This sample was selected considering the presence of one or more MS component and IR. Anthropometry and BP were assessed. A blood sample for determination of glycemia, insulinemia and lipids was taken. CIMT was assessed using high resolution ultrasonography with automated software. Pearson correlation, Student's t-test, Chisquared test, and stepwise logistic regression were computed. Mean age was 11.5 ± 1.0 years old (range 10- 14); 59% girls; 93% pubertal; 72% excess weight; 24% MS; and 15% IR. Mean values of MS components in children with CIMT ≥ percentile 75 versus < percentile 75 had differences for systolic BP or diastolic BP ≥ percentile 90 (BP ≥ percentile 90) and high density lipoproteins cholesterol ≤ 40 mg/dL (CHDL ≤ 40 mg/dL). The logistic regression for CIMT ≥ percentile 75 only selected BP ≥ percentile 90 and CHDL ≤ 40 mg/dL. The logistic regression for CIMT ≥ percentile 90 did not select independent variables. In this group of children BP ≥ percentile 90 and CHDL ≤ 40 mg/dL values were associated to CIMT ≥ percentile 75. Influences of IR and nutritional status on CIMT were not found. Copyright © AULA MEDICA EDICIONES 2013. Published by AULA MEDICA. All rights reserved. ER  - 
[Associated factors to insulin values in a population-based study in adolescents].; To identify factors that correlate with insulin values and to examine its independent associations among adolescents. A cross-sectional population-based study was conducted among adolescents aged 12-16,9 years old. A multi-stage stratified cluster random sampling method was employed. Anthropometric measurements and nutritional survey were performed, and fasting blood samples for insulin were obtained. Multiple lineal regression. 379 adolescents were included. Mean age was 14.08 ± 1.30 years. Factors associated with higher fasting insulin levels were puberty [β 4.55 (95% IC 0.42-8.69)], abdominal obesity [β 6.11 (95% IC 3.93-8.29)] and to be born small for gestational age (SGA) [β 7.45 (95% IC 2.47-12.44)]. It was observed a negative association between the regular intake of olive oil at home and insulin values [β -4.14 (95% IC -7.31- -0.98)]. Abdominal obesity and SGA were factors associated with higher fasting insulin values. In contrast, the regular intake of olive oil at home was an independent protective factor. Copyright © AULA MEDICA EDICIONES 2013. Published by AULA MEDICA. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Beta thalassemia major in a developing country: Epidemiological, clinical and evolutionary aspects; Beta-thalassemia major (TM) remains to be one of the major health problems particularly in developing countries. Tunisia is a part of the Mediterranean countries mostly affected by this disease which is highly concentrated in small towns in families with low-income earners. The main objectives of this study are to provide a description of the demographic, clinical features and transfusion-related complications in patients with TM living in Tunisia. A standardized questionnaire was sent to clinicians throughout 33 different medical institutions caring for thalassemic patients. 391 transfusion dependant thalassemic patients with a median age of 10.7 years (range 3 months- 31 years) were included in the study. The majority originated from the north west of the country. A moderate iron overload between 1501 and 2500 ng/ml was found in 61patients, while 81 patients (26.9%) had a ferritin level more than 2500 ng/ml and greater than 5000ng/ml in 21 patients (6.9%). 51 patients died from complications related to their disease. Heart failure was the main cause of death. The incidence of cardiac, endocrine, and infectious complications will be reviewed. Preventive measures such as health education, carrier screening and premarital screening remain the best ways for lowering the incidence of these diseases, which might be reflected in financial saving, social s and health benefits. ER  - 
Increased Leptin/Adiponectin ratio and free leptin index are markers of insulin resistance in obese girls during pubertal development; Background: Modifications in body fat in obese patients during puberty determine changes in adipokines that affect insulin sensitivity. Aims: We hypothesized that the leptin/adiponectin (L/A) ratio and free leptin index (FLI) are good markers of insulin resistance (IR) and total body fat (TBF) during pubertal development. Methods: A prospective study of 32 obese girls (OG) and age-matched control girls (CG) was performed. OG were divided into those that maintained a weight loss (WL) of >1 SD of initial body mass index (BMI) (WL group, n = 25) and those without WL (NWL group, n = 7). Oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTT) were performed to evaluate IR. Correlations of adipokines, L/A, and FLI with BMI, waist circumference, percentage of TBF (%TBF) and IR were performed over pubertal development. Results: The L/A ratio and FLI were increased in OG at baseline. Both indexes decreased in the WL group as puberty progressed, with no change in CG or NWL. In the WL group, a correlation between L/A and FLI with OGTT and %TBF, and L/A and homeostasis model assessment (HOMA) was found throughout the study. Conclusion: The L/A ratio and FLI are good markers to follow changes in IR and %TBF after WL during puberty. Insulin more accurately reflects the changes in IR than HOMA. ER  - 
Height gain in ullrich-turner syndrome after early and late growth hormone treatment start: Results from a large retrospective german study and potential basis for an individualized treatment approach; Background: Ullrich-Turner syndrome (UTS) girls often present with short stature in adolescence to the endocrinologist when the efficacy of growth hormone (GH) to improve growth remains unknown and parameters to estimate individual GH responsiveness have yet to be determined. Objective: Retrospective evaluation of adult height (AH) and predicted adult height at GH start (descriptive model of Ranke, Model PredAH) in early and late GH-treated German UTS patients. Subjects/Methods: 313 patients treated with GH, early [chronological age (CA) at GH start <12 years, n = 259] or late (CA at GH start ≥12 years, n = 54) who reached AH were selected from KIGS (Pfizer International Growth Database). Results: AH (152.5 ± 5.9 vs. 151.1 ± 5.4 cm, p = n.s.) after GH treatment for 7.5 ± 2.12 years (GH start early) and for 5.2 ± 1.2 years (GH start late) were similar (p = n.s.) as Model PredAH (155.7 ± 4.8 vs. 154.7 ± 4.8 cm; p = n.s.) but higher (p < 0.001) than projected adult height (Ranke, ProjAH; 148.2 ± 5.5 vs. 145.2 ± 6.7 cm; p = 0.001). Total height gain over ProjAH was 4.3 ± 4.6 cm (GH start early) and 5.8 ± 4.7 cm (GH start late, p = 0.021), respectively. Conclusions: GH may improve AH in UTS patients even when started late. The individual growth response could be estimated by the descriptive Model PredAH independent of age at treatment start. ER  - 
Improvement in high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels in argentine indian school children after Vitamin D Supplementation; Background/Aims: Low vitamin D levels correlate with dyslipidemia, but limited data exist on indigenous children. The objective was to determine whether vitamin D supplementation improves high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) levels among Koya children. Methods: A prospective 1-year study evaluated a treated cohort of 70 (38 males) children aged 10.3 ± 2.1 years who received 5,000 U of vitamin D weekly during 8 weeks, and a control group of 20 (8 males) children aged 9.2 ± 1.1 years who did not receive vitamin D. Results/Conclusions: At baseline, 18 (20%) had severe vitamin D deficiency (<10 ng/ml), 66 (73.3%) had deficiency (10 to <20 ng/ml), and 6 (6.6%) had insufficiency (20 to <30 ng/ml). At baseline, there was no significant difference in the prevalence of hypovitaminosis D between groups. After 1 year, the prevalence of severe vitamin D deficiency decreased from 20 to 0%, and that of insufficiency increased from 6 to 19% (p < 0.001) only in the treated group. The prevalence of low HDL-C also decreased in the treated group only (35.7-5.7%; p < 0.01). Multiple linear regression analysis showed that treated children improved HDL-C levels by 4 mg/dl (R<sup>2</sup>: 0.13) adjusted for confounding factors, suggesting that vitamin D supplementation among Indian children improved HDL-C levels. ER  - 
Trends in the incidence of childhood type 1 diabetes mellitus in beijing based on hospitalization data from 1995 to 2010; Objectives: To study the incidence trend of type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) in children in Beijing from 1995 to 2010, to compare it with incidences reported worldwide and to predict the requirement of medical resources in the future. Methods: This study involved newly diagnosed T1DM cases younger than 15 years of age in the Beijing Children's Hospital from January 1995 to December 2010. We calculated the incidence of T1DM children in Beijing according to hospitalization data and Beijing's population. We defined it as the underestimated incidence rate (UE-IR). Results: The UE-IRs of T1DM ranged from around 0.88/100,000 to 2.37/100,000 for children in Beijing younger than 15 years of age from 1995 to 2010. The UE-IR increased faster in boys (1.47 times) and in the age group of 0-4 years (1.89 times) after 2003. The UE-IR was greatest in children aged 5-9 years (1.81/100,000) followed by the age of puberty (10-14 years, 1.76/100,000). The predicted number of new T1DM cases in Beijing will increase 1.97 times over the next 10 years. Conclusions: The incidence trend of T1DM was increasing gradually in those younger than 15 years of age in Beijing. The incidence of younger children and boys grew faster. The 5- to 14-year-old children represented a high-risk population of T1DM. The number of predicted new T1DM cases will grow rapidly. This means that we should train more health care providers for pediatric diabetes patients, in order to achieve high-quality medical care and to be able to prevent or postpone chronic complications. ER  - 
Residual β-cell mass influences growth of prepubertal children with type 1 diabetes; Background: The growth deceleration observed in children with type 1 diabetes (T1D) has been related to poor glycemic control. It is unclear whether growth impairment persists despite the optimization of therapy. We analyzed the effects of intensive insulin treatment on prepubertal growth. Methods: One hundred and four T1D children were evaluated from T1D diagnosis up to puberty onset. Height, weight, insulin requirement and glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) were recorded at 3-to 6-month intervals. Residual β-cell mass was estimated by fasting C-peptide at T1D onset. Results: Age at T1D onset was 5.91 ± 1.9 years. Follow-up duration was 4.84 ± 1.58 years. Height velocity standard deviation score (SDS) was-0.14 ± 1.84. Height SDS changed from 0.52 ± 1.04 at T1D onset, to 0.36 ± 1.10 at the end of follow-up (p = 0.04). BMI SDS increased from-0.04 ± 1.48 to 0.32 ± 1.03 (p = 0.01). Multivariate analysis showed that height velocity was directly affected by C-peptide (p = 0.03) and insulin requirement (p = 0.004) and inversely related to HbA1c (p = 0.006). BMI gain was negatively influenced by HbA1c (p = 0.01) and positively related to T1D duration (p = 0.01). Conclusion: Despite insulin intensive therapy, T1D still negatively affects growth. Residual β-cell mass has a direct positive impact on growth, independently from the quality of glycemic control. ER  - 
Short stature before puberty: Which children should be screened for SHOX deficiency?; Objective: We studied the prevalence of deficiency in the short stature homeobox containing gene (SHOX) in prepubertal short-statured children and analyzed the clinical and radiological signs. Methods: Screening for SHOX deficiency was performed in 449 prepubertal short-statured children (54% females, aged 4-10 years) by direct sequencing and multiplex ligation probe-dependent amplification. Children with SHOX deficiency were compared to 1:2 age-and gender-matched prepubertal children without SHOX deficiency with respect to left-hand radiographs and anthropometrics including different ratios to height and proposed scores. Results: We identified 22 (4.9%) patients with SHOX deficiency (64% point mutations). Children with SHOX deficiency demonstrated a mesomelic shortening of extremities. Lower leg lengths but not forearm length was reduced in children <8 years with SHOX deficiency. 36% of all children and none of the children <8 years with SHOX deficiency demonstrated any typical radiologic sign. Increased sitting height-to-height ratio and decreased extremities-to-trunk ratio demonstrated the best positive and negative predictive values to identify SHOX deficiency. Conclusions: Screening for SHOX deficiency seems rational, especially in children with increased sitting height-to-height ratio or decreased extremities-to-trunk ratio. These criteria were also valid in young children. ER  - 
Gene expression patterns of insulin-like growth factor 2 in human uterine fibroid tissues: A genetic study with clinical correlations; Background/Aims: We investigated insulin-like growth factor 2 (IGF-2) gene activity in human uterine fibroid tissue. Results of the genetic testing were correlated with clinical data. Methods: We obtained samples from patients treated for uterine fibroid and from patients undergoing hysterectomy due to other indications (control group). The examined group (with fibroid) contained 101 cases, while the control group was similar with 110 patients. Gene expression values were determined using the standard PCR technique. Clinical data were available from the computer database of the department. Results: IGF-2 gene expression was significantly higher in the fibroid group. There was no correlation between increase in gene activity and the number of tumors. History of previous uterine fibroid did not seem to predict IGF-2 gene activity in the current fibroid tumor tissue. IGF-2 gene expression did not correlate with cumulative duration of lactation following prior pregnancies. Conclusion: IGF-2 gene activity is significantly increased in leiomyoma tissue compared to normal myometrium. Familial aggregation of uterine fibroids is not significantly associated with increased IGF-2 gene activity; other genes may have a stronger etiological role. It appears that the genetic factors potentially important in the development of familiar uterine leiomyoma are not related to the IGF-2 gene. ER  - 
Prepubertal children with growth hormone deficiency treated for four years with growth hormone experience dose-dependent increase in height, but not in the rate of puberty initiation; Background/Aims: Limited data exist on long-term dose response to recombinant human growth hormone (rhGH) in prepubertal GH-deficient (GHD) children. The effect of low, intermediate, and high-dose rhGH (25, 50, and 100 μg/kg/day, respectively) on growth and puberty in children with GHD was investigated for 48 months. Methods: A prospective, dose-response study in 111 patients (aged 3-16 years) evaluated growth velocity (cm/year), height standard deviation score (HSDS), corrected HSDS, bone age/chronologic age ratio, body mass index SDS, and the percentage starting puberty. Results: Dose-related increases were observed in growth velocity (p < 0.001), HSDS (p < 0.001), and corrected HSDS (p < 0.001) from baseline to 48 months. Increases in the bone age/chronologic age ratio (p = 0.043) and body mass index SDS (p = 0.018) occurred up to 36 months at intermediate and high doses versus low-dose rhGH; increases at 48 months were not significant. No significant differences in growth were found between intermediate and high doses of rhGH. Percentages of rhGH-treated patients starting puberty at each dose were equivalent (p = 0.607). Conclusions: rhGH, 50 and 100 μg/kg/day, induced greater growth than 25 μg/kg/day without altering the proportion of children starting puberty. The maximum approved dose for pubertal patients (100 μg/kg/day) is not required or recommended for prepubertal children with GHD. ER  - 
Lack of association of homocysteine concentrations with oxidative stress, alterations in carotid intima media thickness and endothelial reactivity in prepubertal children; Background and Aims: Our purpose was to assess the presence of risk factors for cardiovascular diseases (alterations in the lipid profile, fasting glycaemia, high arterial pressure values, oxidative stress, increased intima media thickness and impaired endothelium-dependent vasodilation) in prepubertal children with elevated homocysteine (Hcy) levels. Methods: In a cross-sectional study, 35 children with Hcy levels ≥7.3 μmol/l were matched by gender and age with 29 children with Hcy levels ≤4.1 μmol/l. Our collected data included weight, height, waist circumference, systemic arterial pressure, lipid profile, fasting glycaemia and oxidative stress markers. A Doppler ultrasound was performed to measure the carotid intima media thickness and the endothelium-dependent vasodilation of the brachial artery. Results: There were no statistically significant differences between the groups regarding the lipid profile and fasting glycaemia, blood pressure or oxidative stress. Overweight and obesity (body mass index z-score > +1) were more frequent in the group with Hcy ≥7.3 μmol/l when compared to the group with Hcy ≤4.1 μmol/l [13/35 (37.1%) vs. 4/29 (13.8%); p = 0.035]. After adjusting for nutritional status, there were no differences in the intima media thickness and endothelium-dependent vasodilation between children with high and low Hcy levels. Conclusions: Among the cardiovascular risk factors investigated in the present study, which was based on prepubertal children, only overweight and obesity were associated with increased Hcy concentrations (≥7.3 μmol/l). ER  - 
Acute encephalopathy with unilateral cortical-subcortical lesions in two unrelated kindreds treated with glucocorticoids prenatally for congenital adrenal hyperplasia due to 21-hydroxylase deficiency: Established facts and novel insight; Background: Prenatal glucocorticoid (GC) treatment of the female fetus with 21-hydroxylase deficiency (21-OHD) may prevent genital virilization and androgen effects on the brain, but prenatal GC therapy is controversial because of possible adverse effects on fetal programming, the cardiovascular system and the brain. Case Reports: We report 2 patients with congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH) due to 21-OHD who were treated prenatally with dexamethasone, suffered from an acute encephalopathy and showed focal and multifocal cortical and subcortical diffusion restrictions in early MRI and signs of permanent alterations in the follow-up neuroimaging studies. Both patients recovered from the acute episode. Whereas the first patient recovered without neurological sequelae the second patient showed hemianopsia and spastic hemiplegia in the neurological follow-up examination. Conclusion: These are 2 children with CAH, both treated prenatally with high doses of dexamethasone to prevent virilization. The question arises whether prenatal high-dose GC treatment in patients with CAH might represent a risk factor for brain lesions in later life. Adverse effects/events should be reported systematically in patients undergoing prenatal GC treatment and long-term follow-up studies involving risk factors for cerebrovascular disease should be performed. ER  - 
Relationship between changes in plasma leptin concentrations and plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 in obese prepubertal children after nine months of treatment; Background/Aims: The metabolic syndrome (MS) is associated with insulin resistance (IR), inappropriate fibrinolysis and high plasma leptin concentrations. The aim of this study was to quantify fibrinolysis and MS-related variables in obese prepubertal children and to evaluate changes in these variables as a result of improved body mass index (BMI), IR and leptin levels following 9 months of treatment. Methods: The homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), leptin, plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1) and lipid profile were studied at baseline in obese (n = 50) and nonobese children (n = 50), and after 9 months of treatment in obese children. Results: In the cross-sectional study the mean values for insulin, HOMA-IR, triglycerides, leptin and PAI-1 were significantly higher in obese children than in controls. High-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDLc) and apolipoprotein A-1 were significantly lower. In the longitudinal study, after 9 months, children with lowered BMI standard deviation score displayed a significant decrease in insulin, HOMA-IR, PAI-1, leptin and triglyceride levels, and an increase in HDLc. Only leptin proved to be an independent predictive factor for changes in PAI-1 (p = 0.010). Conclusion: Obesity-linked disorders appear in obese children prior to puberty; these disorders can be improved by decreasing BMI. Changes in leptin levels were found to independently predict changes in PAI-1 in obese children and can help to diagnose complications associated with the obesity. ER  - 
Steroid withdrawal in pediatric kidney transplant allows better growth, lipids and body composition: A randomized controlled trial; Background: Glucocorticoid immunosuppressant therapy in pediatric kidney transplant (Tx) recipients does not allow the improvement of growth after Tx. Objective: To determine the effect of early steroid withdrawal (SW) on longitudinal growth, insulin sensitivity (IS), and body composition (BC). Methods: This was a prospective, randomized, multicenter study in Tx. Insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-I, IGF-binding protein 3 (IGFBP3), IS, and BC (DEXA/pQCT) were determined at baseline and up to 12 months after Tx. Results: A total of 30 patients were examined; 14 patients were assigned to the SW group (7 male, 7 female; 12 in Tanner stage I) and 16 patients were assigned to the steroid control (SC) group (10 male, 6 female;12 in Tanner stage I). Their chronological age was 7.8 ± 4.3 years, height was -2.3 ± 0.99 SD scores (SDS), and body mass index -0.3 ± 1.2 SDS. After 1 year, the SW group showed an increase in height SDS (+1.2 ± 0.22 vs. +0.60 ± 0.13 SDS in the SC group, p < 0.02), lower IGFBP3 (p < 0.05), cholesterol (p < 0.05), and higher high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (p < 0.05). SW patients had lower trunk fat with no differences in IS. Only in prepubertal patients, the SW group had lower glycemia (p < 0.05), very low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (p < 0.01), triglycerides (p < 0.05), triglycerides/glycemia index (TyG; p < 0.02), and better lean mass. Both groups showed an improvement in lean mass after kidney Tx. Conclusions: SW improved longitudinal growth, lipid profile, and trunk and lean fat in Tx patients. In prepubertal recipients, the decrease in TyG suggests better IS. ER  - 
Trabecular bone mineral density and bone geometry of the distal radius at completion of pubertal growth in childhood type 1 diabetes; Aim: To identify disease-related risk factors for an altered bone mineral density (BMD) and geometry at young adulthood in patients with diabetes mellitus type 1 (DM1). Methods: Fifty-six DM1 patients (23 females, 33 males) with prepubertal onset of diabetes were studied after completion of skeletal growth. Bone parameters at the distal radius were investigated by peripheral quantitative computed tomography. Disease-related parameters, in particular average HbA1c during the 2 years around peak height velocity, were analyzed. Forty-seven healthy controls (32 females, 15 males) were studied. Results: Trabecular BMD was similar between DM1 patients and controls. The mean (±SD) cross-sectional bone area (CSA) was smaller in DM1 patients compared to controls (282.5 ± 45.4 vs. 326.7 ± 52.2 mm<sup>2</sup>, p = 0.002 and males 391.0 ± 61.3 vs. 423.4 ± 81.9 mm<sup>2</sup>, p = 0.1). In female DM1 patients, the CSA z-score correlated negatively with the body mass index z-score (r = -0.52, p = 0.01) and positively with the height z-score (r = 0.49, p = 0.02). Conclusions: DM1 patients are at risk for smaller bone sizes at the distal radius at the end of pubertal growth, especially females with increased adiposity. Diabetes-specific parameters seem to have a low impact on forearm volumetric apparent mineral density. ER  - 
Indices of insulin resistance and dyslipidemia are correlated with lymphocyte proneness to apoptosis in obese or overweight low birth weight children; Aims: Our aim was to study the relationship between markers of cell proneness to apoptosis and indices of insulin resistance and dyslipidemia in children born with low birth weight (LBW). Methods: The study comprised 177 prepubertal children stratified by birth weight and their nutritional status into LBW (n = 138) and normal birth weight (NBW; n = 39) groups. We analyzed DNA from peripheral blood lymphocytes, separated by pulsed-field gel electrophoresis (PFGE), as well as the serum levels of cholesterol, HDL-cholesterol, triglycerides, fasting insulin and glucose, caspase 3, and BCL2. Results: LBW children with a BMI SDS >1.55 demonstrated increased content of the large fragments of the lymphocyte DNA [300-500 kb (DNA<inf>300-500 kb</inf>)] in electrophoretic slides (a marker of decreased chromatin stability and susceptibility of cells to apoptosis) compared to the NBW group. In these children the level of DNA<inf>300-500 kb</inf> exhibited a strong negative correlation with the serum level of antiapoptotic protein of BCL2 (r = -0.901). DNA<inf>300-500 kb</inf> significantly correlated with calculated indices of insulin resistance: HOMA-IR and QUICKI as well as with the indices of lipid homeostasis (Castelli and AIP). Conclusions: Increased susceptibility of lymphocytes to apoptosis correlated with a higher risk of insulin resistance and lipid disturbance in overweight or obese LBW children. A comprehensive study of the proneness of cells to apoptosis should be implemented to further investigate the pathomechanism of the metabolic syndrome in these children. ER  - 
Study of primary igf-1 deficiency in egyptian children with idiopathic short stature; Background/Aims: Primary insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) deficiency (IGFD) is defined by low levels of IGF-1 without growth hormone (GH) deficiency and absence of secondary causes. The aim of this study was to evaluate IGF-1 in Egyptian children with idiopathic short stature (ISS) and describe patients with IGFD. Methods: This cross-sectional study included 50 children with ISS following up at the Diabetes Endocrine and Metabolism Pediatric Unit at Cairo University Pediatric Hospital. Children were included based on the following criteria: (1) short stature with current height standard deviation score (SDS) ≤-2.5; (2) age between 2 and 9 years in boys and 2 and 8 years in girls, and (3) prepubertal status. Exclusion criteria were: (1) identified cause of short stature and (2) pubertal children. IGF-1-deficient children were defined as children without GH deficiency and with IGF-1 levels below the 2.5th percentile. Results: Among 50 children with ISS, 14 (28%) patients had low IGF-1 levels, consistent with the diagnosis of primary IGFD. When compared with non-IGFD children, IGFD children had lower birth weight SDS (-1.8 vs. -0.7 SDS, p < 0.0001) and lower height SDS (-4.2 vs. -3.1 SDS, p < 0.05) and more delayed bone age (2.6 vs. 1.6 years, p = 0.001). Conclusion: Primary IGF-1 deficiency is found in 28% of children with ISS. ER  - 
Age-adjustment of insulin pump settings in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus; Aim. This study was aimed at investigation of daily glycemic variations in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) on continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion (CSII) in order to define in greater detail the correlation of said parameters with periods of age to the end of improving current recommendations for pump settings adjustment. Materials and Methods. 138 children and adolescents aged 1-18 years on CSII therapy took part in this study. Patients were subdivided into three groups according to their age: preschool children (n=23), prepubertal children aged < 12 years (n=39) and teenagers up to 18 years old (n=76). CSII regimens were analyzed in every group, including average daily insulin dose, basal-to-bolus ratio, daily basal profiles, carbohydrate ratio (CR) and insulin sensitivity factor (ISF). Results. Daily requirement for both basal and bolus insulin does differ between ages. Youngest children require higher basal infusion rate during evening hours and first half of the nighttime while demonstrating least requirement at daytime. Instead, prepubertal children and adolescents require higher basal infusion rate during early morning hours. We also show CR and ISF to be dependent of daytime in all studied age grades. Conclusion. Basal-to-bolus ratio along with circadian variability in requirement for insulin are clearly governed by patient's age. Importantly, the ratios for bolus calculations, developed from our data, significantly differ from those provided by popular formulas, suggesting the latter be modified into taking regard of the age grade for proper individual adjustment of pump settings. ER  - 
Growth hormone (GH) neuro-secretory dysfunction following traumatic brain injury (TBI) in childhood; Objectives: To assess the long-term impact of TBI in childhood on endocrine function and especially the GH-IGF1 axis. Patients: Longitudinal study of 28 participants with a history of moderate/severe TBI. Age at TBI was 10.8 [1-17] years (median [range]); 9 were prepubertal. Time post TBI was 8.7 [7-10.8] years and age at assessment was 19 [11-26] years. Only two participants were prepubertal at assessment. The mechanism of TBI was high speed impact injury in 12 participants and low speed injury/falls in the remaining. 24/28 participants had a GH stimulation test (ITT) and a 12-hour overnight growth hormone profile (15min sampling). A non-TBI control group with normal GH status (n=7, aged 18[14-20] years) who also had an overnight GH profile was included for comparison. There were no differences in age, weight, gender and fat composition between TBI and control groups. Results: Baseline endocrine tests (thyroid function, sex steroids) were normal and there was no clinical evidence of diabetes insipidus in any participant. In 6/24 of the TBI group the stimulated GH response was abnormal using established cut-off levels for pubertal stage. One participant with significant fatigue had suboptimal cortisol response on the ITT. Results from deconvolution analysis of the overnight GH profiles demonstrated significant reductions in amplitude-related measurements of GH secretion (mean secretory pulse mass; mean secretory pulse height and area under the curve). Approximate entropy values were not significantly different between groups. Conclusions: GH deficiency and neurosecretory dysfunction occurs following moderate/severe TBI in childhood and can persist for at least 7 years post injury. GH pulsatility is relatively preserved. ER  - 
Beta-cell function is impaired in youth treated with second-generation antipsychotics; Purpose of Study: Second-generation antipsychotics (SGAs) are commonly prescribed to youth, but are associated with metabolic effects including weight gain and diabetes. The mechanisms underlying the development of diabetes are not clear. The purpose of this study was to compare glucose homeostasis, insulin sensitivity, insulin secretion, and overall β-cell function in risperidone-treated, quetiapine-treated and SGA-naïve youthwithmental illness. Methods Used: A cross-sectional study in which youth aged 9-17 years assessed within BC Children's Hospital Mental Health Program to have ≥1 DSM-IV-TR diagnosis underwent a 2-hr oral glucose tolerance test. Blood was collected at 0, 15, 30, 60, and 120 min. Indices for insulin sensitivity (Matsuda index), insulin secretion (insulinogenic index), and β-cell function [insulin secretion-sensitivity index-2 (ISSI-2)] were calculated. Summary of Results: A total of 18 SGA-naïve, 20 risperidone-treated, and 16 quetiapine-treated youth participated. The three groups were similar for age, sex, ethnicity, BMI standardized for age and sex (zBMI), pubertal status, degree of psychiatric illness, psychiatric diagnoses, and other medications. The median treatment duration was 17 months (range 3-91) in the risperidone group and 10 months (range 3-44) in the quetiapine group. There were no differences in fasting glucose, insulin, lipid levels or Matsuda index between groups. None of the youth had impaired glucose tolerance. The quetiapinetreated group had lower insulinogenic index (P < 0.01) and lower ISSI-2 (P < 0.01) compared to the SGA-naBve group. Regression analysis in all youth revealed zBMI as the only significant predictor of Matsuda index (β = -0.540, P < 0.001). Quetiapine-treatment was negatively associated with insulinogenic index (β = -0.426, P = 0.007) and ISSI-2 (β = -0.433, P = 0.008). Conclusions: Quetiapine-treatment in youth is associated with overall impaired β-cell function, and specifically, lower insulin secretion. Prospective longitudinal studies are required to understand the progression of β-cell dysfunction following SGA-initiation. ER  - 
Self-Reported Screen Time and Cardiometabolic Risk in Obese Dutch Adolescents; Background: It is not clear whether the association between sedentary time and cardiometabolic risk exists among obese adolescents. We examined the association between screen time (TV and computer time) and cardiometabolic risk in obese Dutch adolescents. Methods and Findings: For the current cross-sectional study, baseline data of 125 Dutch overweight and obese adolescents (12-18 years) participating in the Go4it study were included. Self-reported screen time (Activity Questionnaire for Adolescents and Adults) and clustered and individual cardiometabolic risk (i.e. body composition, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, low-density (LDL-C), high-density (HDL-C) and total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides, glucose and insulin) were assessed in all participants. Multiple linear regression analyses were used to assess the association between screen time and cardiometabolic risk, adjusting for age, gender, pubertal stage, ethnicity and moderate-to-vigorous physical activity. We found no significant relationship between self-reported total screen time and clustered cardiometabolic risk or individual risk factors in overweight and obese adolescents. Unexpectedly, self-reported computer time, but not TV time, was slightly but significantly inversely associated with TC (B = -0.002; CI = [-0.003;-0.000]) and LDL-C (B = -0.002; CI = [-0.001;0.000]). Conclusions: In obese adolescents we could not confirm the hypothesised positive association between screen time and cardiometabolic risk. Future studies should consider computer use as a separate class of screen behaviour, thereby also discriminating between active video gaming and other computer activities. © 2012 Altenburg et al. ER  - 
Methylphenidate and the Response to Growth Hormone Treatment in Short Children Born Small for Gestational Age; Background: Growth hormone (GH) treatment has become a frequently applied growth promoting therapy in short children born small for gestational age (SGA). Children born SGA have a higher risk of developing attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Treatment of ADHD with methylphenidate (MP) has greatly increased in recent years, therefore more children are being treated with GH and MP simultaneously. Some studies have found an association between MP treatment and growth deceleration, but data are contradictory. Objective: To explore the effects of MP treatment on growth in GH-treated short SGA children Methods: Anthropometric measurements were performed in 78 GH-treated short SGA children (mean age 10.6 yr), 39 of whom were also treated with MP (SGA-GH/MP). The SGA-GH/MP group was compared to 39 SGA-GH treated subjects. They were matched for sex, age and height at start of GH, height SDS at start of MP treatment and target height SDS. Serum insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) and IGF binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) levels were yearly determined. Growth, serum IGF-I and IGFBP-3 levels during the first three years of treatment were analyzed using repeated measures regression analysis. Results: The SGA-GH/MP group had a lower height gain during the first 3 years than the SGA-GH subjects, only significant between 6 and 12 months of MP treatment. After 3 years of MP treatment, the height gain was 0.2 SDS (±0.1 SD) lower in the SGA-GH/MP group (P = 0.17). Adult height was not significantly different between the SGA-GH/MP and SGA-GH group (-1.9 SDS and -1.9 SDS respectively, P = 0.46). Moreover, during the first 3 years of MP treatment IGF-I and IGFBP-3 measurements were similar in both groups. Conclusion: MP has some negative effect on growth during the first years in short SGA children treated with GH, but adult height is not affected. © 2012 Renes et al. ER  - 
Chronic complications of type 1 diabetes mellitus in children; Objectives: To evaluate the frequency of chronic complications and identify the predicting factors that may be used for their early detection. Material and Method: The research group included 144 T1DM children with disease duration > 5 years or disease onset during puberty. Complication screening included: full ophthalmologic examination, UAE level determination, diabetic neuropathy assessment. Results: Retinopathy prevalence was 12.5%. Factors associated with retinopathy were: hyperglycemia, duration of diabetes and dyslipidemia. Microalbuminuria was detected in 23 patients (15.97%) and correlated with HbA1c or insulin therapy regimen. Diabetic neuropathy prevalence (45.8%) was studied in relation to UAE. Peripheral somatic neuropathy was significantly correlated with the diabetic nephropathy stage. Autonomic neuropathy was detected only in 13.8% patients, yet its prevalence increased with the increase in UAE. Conclusions: Chronic diabetic complications are relatively less frequent as compared to adults, yet their evolution is distinct due to the age-specific characteristics. © 2012 ILEX PUBLISHING HOUSE. ER  - 
Maternal Misconceptions of Weight Status among Nepean Adolescents; Adolescence is characterized by rapid physical growth and sexual maturation. These changes may alter parents' beliefs about their adolescent's weight status. This study aimed to examine the changes between early and mid-adolescence in: (a) the accuracy of maternal perception regarding her adolescent's weight status, (b) the degree of maternal concern about her adolescent's weight status, and (c) the predictors of maternal misclassification of adolescent overweight as average weight. A secondary analysis of the longitudinal Nepean Study data was conducted. Participants were Australian, free-living 13-year-olds in 2002-2003 (n=347) followed up at age 15 years (n=279) and their mothers. Participants' body mass index (BMI) status (overweight, normal, or underweight) was calculated from measured height and weight. Maternal perceptions and concerns about adolescent's weight status were determined by items adapted from the Child Feeding Questionnaire. Sex-adjusted binary logistic regression models assessed potential predictors of maternal misclassification of adolescent overweight. Data were available on 224 adolescent-mother dyads. Approximately one fourth of mothers misclassified their adolescent's weight status, but this varied across groups (age 13 years [%]; age 15 years [%], respectively) underweight (75%; 70%), overweight (54%; 59%), and normal weight (12%; 9%). The endpoint data show that between 13 and 15 years of age, maternal concern regarding their adolescent's weight decreased in all weight-status groups. Predictors of maternal misclassification of adolescent overweight were adolescent BMI . z score, recent weight-management practices, weight history, sex, and maternal concern regarding her adolescent's weight. These results reinforce the need for strategies in primary care that are implemented throughout adolescence to improve maternal awareness of childhood overweight. © 2012 Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics. ER  - 
Hormonal response during physical exercise of different intensities in adolescents with type 1 diabetes and healthy controls; Background: Physical activity is a critical component in the care of diabetes. Although it offers health benefits it presents challenges. Objective: To investigate differences between adolescent boys and girls with type 1 diabetes and healthy controls in terms of maximal work capacity (VO2 max) and hormonal response to physical exercise of different intensities. Subjects: Twelve individuals (six boys and six girls; age 14-19 yr, pubertal stage 4-5) with type 1 diabetes (duration, 6.3 ± 4.4 yr; hemoglobin A1c, 63 ± 10 mmol/mol) were compared with 12 healthy controls matched for age, sex, pubertal stage, body mass index standard deviation score, and amount of regular physical activity. Methods: During consecutive days, three different workloads; maximal, endurance, and interval, were performed on an Ergometer cycle. During the tests, levels of lactate, glucose, insulin, and regulatory hormones [glucagon, cortisol, growth hormone (GH), adrenaline, and noradrenaline] were measured in blood. Subcutaneous glucose was measured continuously. Results: VO2 max did not differ between the groups, diabetes 49.8 ± 9.9 vs. control 50.7 ± 12.0 mL/min/kg. Hormonal responses did not differ between the groups except for mean peak GH level during the interval test, diabetes 63.2 ± 27.0 vs. control 33.8 ± 20.9 mU/L, p < 0.05. Conclusions: Physical capacity and hormonal regulation of blood glucose in connection with physical exercise of different intensities did not differ between adolescents with diabetes and healthy controls. Thus, adolescents with type 1 diabetes can participate in physical activity on the same terms as healthy peers. © 2012 John Wiley & Sons A/S. ER  - 
Predictive markers for mammoplasty and a comparison of side effect profiles in transwomen taking various hormonal regimens; Context: Breast development in transwomen is an important issue, affecting general psychological functioning. Current hormonal therapies are imperfect, with 60% of patients requesting mammoplasty. Interventions: Interventions included the following: 1) comparing the effects on transwomen's requests for mammoplasty of estrogen valerate, ethinylestradiol, and conjugated equine estrogen (CEE) hormone treatments; and 2) comparing the effects of GnRH analogs and androgen antagonists. Objective: The objective of the study was to identify which hormone regimen is associated with the greatest subsequent request for augmentation mammoplasty. Design: The study was a controlled, retrospective case audit. Setting: The study was conducted at a single-center National Health Service tertiary care unit. Patients: Patients were eligible for breast augmentation after 2 yr of estrogen treatment, were Tanner IV or higher breast development, and reported psychological distress due to small breasts. One hundred sixty-five subjects and 165 age-matched controls were identified. Outcome Measure: The outcome measure was a mammoplasty request. Results: There were significantly more self-medicating individuals than controls in the mammoplasty group (11.5 vs. 6%, P<0.05). The type of estrogen use did not affect the outcome. Compared with other antiandrogens, spironolactone use was significantly higher in those requesting mammoplasty (4.8 vs. 1.8%, P = 0.002). Thromboembolism occurred in 1.2% of individuals, more frequently in those treated with CEE than in those treated with either estrogen valerate or ethinylestradiol (4.4 vs. 0.6 vs. 0.7%, P = 0.026). Depression was noted in approximately 30% of individuals. Conclusions: Self-medication with estrogen is significantly more likely to result in a later request for mammoplasty than is treatment prescribed by licensed practitioners. Previous spironolactone use is more common in those requesting mammoplasty. CEE treatment is associated with a higher incidence ofthromboembolismthan treatment with other estrogen types. Copyright © 2012 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Comparison of detection of normal puberty in boys by a hormonal sleep test and a gonadotropin-releasing hormone agonist test; Context: The magnitude of sleep-related gonadotropin rise required to activate pubertal gonadal function is not established. Objective: Our objective was to determine the normal relationship between sleep-related pubertal hormone levels and pituitary-testicular responsiveness to a GnRH agonist (GnRHag) test across the pubertal transition. Design/Setting and Participants: We conducted a prospective study in a General Clinical Research Center with healthy 9- to 15-yr-old volunteer boys. Interventions: Interventions included overnight blood sampling followed by leuprolide acetate injection (10 μg/kg). Primary Outcome Variables: LH, FSH, and testosterone levels were evaluated. Results: LH levels during sleep and post-GnRHag rose steadily during the late prepubertal years. Sleep peak LH correlated highly with the LH response to GnRHag across groups (r = 0.913). A sleep peak LH level of at least 3.7 U/liter predicted pubertal testicular activation with 100% accuracy. LH of at least 14.8 and at least 19.0 U/liter 4 h after GnRHag, respectively, predicted puberty with100% sensitivity/94% specificity and 100% specificity/94% sensitivity. Overweight pubertal boys had transiently prolonged responses to GnRHag. FSH rose during both waking and sleeping hours during the prepubertal years, and all pubertal boys had an FSH level of at least 0.9 U/liter awake and at least 1.2 U/liter asleep. Sleep LH was more closely related than FSH to testicular size. Conclusions: These data suggest that a critical LH level during sleep (≥3.7 U/liter) heralds the onset of pubertal virilization and that this level is predictable by LH of at least 14.8-19 U/liter 4 h after GnRHag. These data also suggest that LH stimulation of testicular androgen production plays a role in stimulating testicular tubule growth once a critical level of FSH is achieved. Copyright © 2012 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Relationships between osteocalcin, glucose metabolism, and adiponectin in obese children: Is there crosstalk between bone tissue and glucose metabolism?; Objective: Recently, scientific interest has focused on the association between osteocalcin, which originates from the skeletal system, and glucose metabolism. Although the association between lipid metabolism, adiponectin, and metabolic syndrome is well known, that between obesity, insulin resistance, and osteocalcin have not been clarified yet in children. The aim of this study was to assess the prevalence of insulin resistance in obese children and adolescents, as well as to investigate the effects of adiponectin and osteocalcin on the development of metabolic syndrome and insulin resistance. Methods: A total of 150 obese nondiabetic children and adolescents, aged between 5 and 18 years, were included in the study. Serum adiponectin, osteocalcin and insulin levels were measured, and the association of the components of metabolic syndrome with adiponectin and osteocalcin levels was investigated. Insulin resistance was evaluated by Homeostasis model assessment insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). Results: Metabolic syndrome was identified in 28% of the cases, all older than 10 years of age. No significant association was identified between insulin resistance, metabolic syndrome parameters, and osteocalcin levels. Adiponectin levels were significantly low in cases with metabolic syndrome, hyperinsulinemia, and in those with dyslipidemia. No significant association was found between adiponectin and osteocalcin levels. Conclusions: We failed to show the effect of osteocalcin on insulin resistance in obese children and adolescents. This finding may be due to absence of hypergycemic blood glucose levels in our cases. ER  - 
Association of changes in body fatness and fatty acid composition of plasma phospholipids during early puberty in Japanese children; Aims: Plasma fatty acid composition can change with age, reflecting diet and levels of desaturating enzymes such as stearoyl-CoA desaturase (SCD), delta-6 desaturase (D6D) and delta-5 desaturase (D5D), which contribute to the development of insulin resistance. This study analyzed longitudinal changes in fatty acid composition in Japanese children during early puberty and the association between changes in desaturase indices and changes in body fatness and insulin resistance. Methods: The study included 77 children (38 boys and 39 girls) aged 9.6±0.5 years. Relative weight (RW) and waist-to-height ratio (WHtR) were determined. The fatty acid composition of plasma phospholipids was analyzed by gas chromatography, and the desaturase indices were calculated: SCD (16:1n-7/16:0: SCD16 and 18:1n-9/18:0: SCD18), D6D (20:3n-6/18:2n-6) and D5D (20:4n-6/20:3n-6) in 2006 and 2009. Results: Obese children showed higher dihomo-gamma linolenic acid (DGLA; 20:3n-6), a higher D6D index and lower D5D index than non-obese children. Longitudinal changes in fatty acid composition were generally similar in both sexes. Increased D6D index and DGLA and decreased D5D index were significantly associated with increased WHtR in boys and girls. In addition, increased D6D index was associated with an increased homeostasis model of assessment ratio (HOMA-R) only in girls. Conclusion: The change in abdominal adiposity is a determinant of longitudinal changes in D6D and D5D indices and DGLA during early puberty. ER  - 
Change of body composition and adipokines and their relationship with insulin resistance across pubertal development in obese and nonobese Chinese children: The BCAMS study; A transient increase in insulin resistance (IR) is a component of puberty. We investigated the impact of body composition and adipokines on IR during puberty in Chinese children. This study included 3223 schoolchildren aged 6-18 years. IR was calculated using homeostasis model assessment (HOMA-IR). We revealed that body mass index (BMI) and waist circumference increased gradually during puberty in both genders, while fat-mass percentage (FAT%) increased steadily only in girls. Change of leptin showed striking sexual dimorphisms: in girls leptin increased steadily during puberty, whereas in boys, after a transient rise at the beginning of puberty, leptin declined by Tanner staging even in those overweight or obese. Inversely, adiponectin level decreased significantly during puberty. In both genders, HOMA-IR started to increase at the beginning of puberty, peaked in the middle, and revised at late puberty in overweight/obesity boys while it stayed high till the end of puberty in girls and normal weight boys. Multivariate regression analysis revealed that leptin presented a stronger indicator of HOMA-IR than anthropometric measures during puberty. Our results demonstrated that gender-specific FAT% and leptin changed with pubertal development. Leptin emerged as a stronger predictor of IR than traditional anthropometric indices, suggesting a prominent role in the development of pubertal IR. © 2012 Lu Xu et al. ER  - 
Mutational analysis of TAC3 and TACR3 genes in patients with idiopathic central pubertal disorders; Objective: To investigate the presence of variants in the TAC3 and TACR3 genes, which encode NKB and its receptor (NK3R), respectively, in a large cohort of patients with idiopathic central pubertal disorders. Subjects and methods: Two hundred and thirty seven patients were studied: 114 with central precocious puberty (CPP), 73 with normosmic isolated hypogonadotropic hypogonadism (IHH), and 50 with constitutional delay of growth and puberty (CDGP). The control group consisted of 150 Brazilian individuals with normal pubertal development. Genomic DNA was extracted from peripheral blood and the entire coding region of both TAC3 and TACR3 genes were amplified and automatically sequenced. Results: We identified one variant (p.A63P) in NKB and four variants, p.G18D, p.L58L (c.172C>T), p.W275* and p.A449S in NK3R, which were absent in the control group. The p.A63P variant was identified in a girl with CPP, and p.A449S in a girl with CDGP. The known p.G18D, p.L58L, and p.W275* variants were identified in three unrelated males with normosmic IHH. Conclusion: Rare variants in the TAC3 and TACR3 genes were identified in patients with central pubertal disorders. Loss-of-function variants of TACR3 were associated with the normosmic IHH phenotype. © ABE&M todos os direitos reservados. ER  - 
Acanthosis nigricans predicts the clustering of metabolic syndrome components in Hispanic elementary school-aged children; Background: Acanthosis nigricans (AN) is a dermatologic condition associated with hyperinsulinemia, a marker of insulin resistance that is the principal abnormality in metabolic syndrome (MetS). We examined the association of AN with the clustering of MetS components. Methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted in an urban school-based health center in New Mexico. Students without diabetes were evaluated for AN, a family history of type 2 diabetes, body mass index (BMI), and MetS components. The clustering of MetS components by BMI category and AN status was assessed by comparing the group means of summed average z-scores of fasting insulin, triglycerides, high-density lipoprotein- cholesterol, and systolic blood pressure among the students. A multivariate model with BMI category and AN status controlling for Tanner stage was performed to identify the variables associated with the clustering of MetS components. Results: Complete data were available for 90 children (age, 9.7 ± 1.4 years; 94 % Hispanic; 60 % female). In multivariate modeling of MetS cluster z-score, significant differences were found between the students with BMI < 85th percentile [-0.27; 95 % confidence interval (95 % CI) = - 0.42 to - 0.11] and (a) the students with BMI 85th - 94.9th percentile with AN (0.74; 95 % CI = 0.17 - 1.31) and (b) the students with BMI ≥ 95th percentile with AN (0.86; 95 % CI = 0.54 - 1.18). No significant differences in the MetS cluster z-score were seen between the students with BMI < 85th percentile and those with BMI 85th - 94.9th percentile without AN (0.24; 95 % CI = - 0.33 to 0.81) or those with BMI ≥ 95th percentile without AN (0.31; 95 % CI = - 0.13 to 0.75). Conclusions: Overweight/obese Hispanic elementary school-aged children with AN exhibit clustering of MetS components and could benefit from early intervention. ER  - 
[Metformin efficiency for the adolescent PCOS treatment].; PCOS is a polyglandular heterogenic metabolic condition, which frequency in adolescence is defined between 11-26%. There are some aspects of PCOS which can be seen in a regular puberty and vice versa. This makes the adolescent PCOS a condition which is rather complicated to diagnose as well as to treat. The pathophysiology of PCOS is not fully clarified, but is well established the fundamental role of the insulin resistance and the hyperinsulinemia. This fact explains the detailed investigations of the insulin sensitizers use for the PCOS treatment. Nevertheless there is insufficient experience with this medication group for the adolescent PCOS treatment in Bulgaria. To evaluate the Metformin efficiency for the adolescent PCOS treatment. This is a prospective study including 55 girls with menstrual irregularities aged between 13 and 18 years. None of the subjects had previously been diagnosed with any endocrine pathology or had received any hormonal treatment for at least three months prior to their evaluation. They have been evaluated according to the diagnostic criteria for PCOS in adolescence accepted in 2010. The incidence of PCOS in our research was 38.9%. In 66.7% of them the body mass index was higher than normal. Insulin resistance was diagnosed in 90.5%. The insulin resistance was improved in 80% of the PCOS patients after six months therapy with Metformin 2 x 850 mg/p.d. The menstrual function was regulated in 77.8% of the cases. ER  - 
Common variants in the LAMA5 gene associate with fasting plasma glucose and serum triglyceride levels in a cohort of pre- and early pubertal children; Laminins are glycoproteins found in basement membranes where they play a vital role in tissue architecture and cell behavior. Previously, we reported the association of two polymorphisms (rs659822 and rs944895) in the laminin alpha5 (LAMA5) gene with anthropometric traits, fasting lipid profile, and glucose levels in pre-menopausal women and elderly subjects. Furthermore, studies in mice showed that Lama5 is involved in organogenesis and placental function during pregnancy. The objective of this study was to investigate whether rs659822 and/or rs944895 are associated with inter-individual variability in birth weight as well as anthropometric traits and metabolic phenotypes in children. Two hundred and eighty nine healthy children aged 7-12 yr of European, Hispanic, and African-American ancestry were studied. Co-dominant models adjusted for genetic admixture, age, gender, and stages of puberty were used to test for the association of the polymorphisms with each trait. Our analysis showed significant associations of rs659822 with fasting plasma glucose levels (P = 0.0004) and of rs944895 with fasting serum triglycerides (P = 0.004) after Bonferroni correction for multiple testing. Our results corroborate our previous findings that genetic variants in LAMA5 contribute to variation in metabolic phenotypes and provide evidence that this may occur early in life. Copyright © 2012 - IOS Press and the authors. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Lipoprotein subfractions by ion mobility in lean and obese children; Objective: To establish normative data for lipoprotein subfractions using a novel ion mobility assay in healthy lean children and to compare their data with those of obese children preselected with normal glucose, blood pressure, and relatively normal lipids. Study design: Fasting blood samples in 162 children aged 7.0-18.9 years (75 lean [body mass index: 18.6 ± 6.6 kg/m2] and 87 obese [body mass index: 31.7 ± 5.4 kg/m 2]) were analyzed. Correlation of lipoprotein subfractions with anthropometric and laboratory markers was performed. Principal component analysis was used to avoid using correlated variables. Results: Normative data for lipid subfractions were obtained in healthy children. Lean children had higher high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-large (76%), HDL-small (13%), and HDL-total (27%) compared with obese (P < .01), and lower low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-medium (-30%, P < .01) and medium + small (-21%, P = .02) as well as LDL-total (-13%, P = .035). In both groups, the LDL component was higher in males and pubertal children (P < .01). Prepubertal children had a higher HDL component than pubertal ones (P < .004). Adjusting for sex and pubertal status LDL component was positively, and HDL component negatively, correlated with obesity (P < .004). Conclusions: Despite relatively normal triglycerides and cholesterol measured with standard assays at screening, ion mobility analysis showed significant differences in lipid and apolipoprotein subfractions between lean and obese children, even those prepubertal. Long-term, prospective follow-up may better characterize the predictability of lipid subfractions for future cardiovascular disease risk in children. Copyright © 2012 Mosby Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Serum resistin and inflammatory and endothelial activation markers in obese adolescents; Objectives: To assess the level of serum resistin in obese and lean children and to establish a relationship with circulating inflammatory and vascular markers. Study design: This is a cross-sectional study including 67 obese and 62 lean children (mean age 10.9 ± 2.8 years, age range 5.4-16.6 years). We assessed circulating hormones (insulin, leptin, insulin-like growth factor 1), markers of inflammation (resistin, high sensitivity C-reactive protein, interleukin-6, chemokine ligand 2), and endothelial cell activation (vascular and intercellular adhesion molecules: vascular cell adhesion molecule 1 and intercellular adhesion molecule; E-selectin; P-selectin; endothelin 1). Results: Body weight, body mass index (BMI), insulin, leptin, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, vascular adhesion molecule 1, and E-selectin levels were significantly higher in obese than in lean subjects. Resistin was similar among the groups in the prepubertal period, but increased significantly in the obese adolescents (18.6 ± 24.9) compared with lean subjects (7.9 ± 10.7 ng/mL; P =.038). Resistin was not associated with BMI z score (P >.05). Subjects with resistin levels above 9 (ng/mL) had higher concentration of interleukin-6, chemokine ligand 2, endothelin-1, and insulin-like growth factor 1 but not of leptin, insulin, or BMI. Conclusion: Resistin was increased in obese adolescents independently of the quantity of the adipose tissue. In this population, increased resistin levels were related to inflammation and endothelial activation. We may hypothesize that interventions aiming to diminish resistin expression may slow down atherogenesis in adolescents. Copyright © 2012 Mosby Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Association of age at menarche with metabolic syndrome and its components in rural Bangladeshi women; Background: Early age at menarche is associated with increased risk of metabolic syndrome in both China and the West. However, little is known about the impact of age at menarche and metabolic syndrome in South Asian women, including those from low-income country, where age at menarche is also falling. The aim of the present study was to investigate whether age at menarche is inversely associated with metabolic syndrome in Bangladeshi women, who are mostly poor and have limited access to and or poor health care facilities. Methods. This community-based cross-sectional study was performed using 1423 women aged between 15-75 years from rural Bangladesh in 2009 and 2010. Metabolic syndrome was defined according to standard NCEP-ATP III criteria. Logistic regression was used to estimate the association between age at menarche and metabolic syndrome, with adjustment of potential confounding variables, including age, education, marital status, tobacco users, use of contraceptives and number of pregnancies. Results: Early onset of menarche (<12 years) as compared to late onset (>13 years) was found to be associated with a higher prevalence of metabolic syndrome (odds ratio=1.55; 95 % confidence interval =1.05-2.30). Age at onset of menarche was also inversely associated with prevalence of high triglycerides (P for trend <0.01) and low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (P for trend = 0.01), but positively associated with prevalence of high fasting blood glucose (P for trend =0.02). However, no significant association was found between age at menarche, high blood pressure and elevated waist circumference. Conclusion: Early onset of menarche might promote or trigger development of metabolic syndrome. Thus, knowledge of the history of age at onset of menarche may be critical in identifying women at risk of developing metabolic syndrome and those likely to benefit the most from early interventions. © 2012 Akter et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Insulin resistance and adiponectin levels are associated with height catch-up growth in pre-pubertal Chinese individuals born small for gestational age; Background and objective. The study was performed to determine whether catch-up growth is associated with the development of insulin resistance and to explore serum endocrine markers associated with the metabolism of adipose tissue in a Chinese population born small for gestational age(SGA). Subjects and methods. We recruited 56 children born SGA with catch-up growth and 55 born without catch-up growth, who were further grouped into groups I (with BMI catch-up) and II (without BMI catch-up) respectively, as well as 52 children born appropriate for gestational age (AGA) with normal height. Their serum fasting insulin, fasting glucose, insulin-like growth factor-1, adiponectin, IGFBP-1, triglyceride concentrations, and the homeostasis assessment model for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) were evaluated. Results: (1) The HOMA-IR values in SGA-I with catch-up growth group were significantly higher than those in SGA-II with catch-up growth, SGA-I without catch-up growth and AGA children respectively. (2) The serum adiponectin levels of individuals in the SGA-I without catch-up growth and SGA-II with catch-up growth groups were significantly lower than those from the SGA-II without catch-up growth group. There was no difference in triglyceride or IGFBP-1 levels among the groups. (3) The degree of HOMA-IR was positively correlated with age, current BMI and height SDS in SGA children. Conclusion: The development of insulin resistance and lower levels of adiponectin were closely correlated with higher BMI and the postnatal height catch-up growth in SGA children. © 2012 DENG et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Do changes in physical activity, fitness, adiposity or diet influence insulin resistance in boys and girls? The LOOK study; Introduction: A quarter of all apparently healthy Australian children will develop type 2 diabetes or impaired glucose control in adulthood and early attention to increased insulin resistance (IR) may help prevent this disorder. There are many cross-sectional studies describing relationships between IR and physical activity (PA), cardiorespiratory fitness (CRF) and adiposity in preadolescents, but few longitudinal studies, which provide direct effects on a child and so more clinical relevance. There are fewer still longitudinal studies which include measures of energy and macronutrient intake and no reports of the pattern of change in IR in children through to age 12. In this report we document this pattern and investigate how changes in PA, %BF and diet influence a child's IR. Methods: In this prospective cohort study, 370 boys and 345 girls were assessed at ages 8.1 (SD 0.3), 10 and 12 years for fasting blood glucose and insulin, objectively measured %BF, PA, CRF, dietary intake and pubertal development. Results: Between the ages of 8 and 12, the median homeostatic model of IR (HOMA-IR) doubled in boys and increased 2.5 times in girls, being 9%, 27% and 49% greater in girls at 8, 10, and 12 years. By age 12, 23% of boys and 31% of girls possessed borderline or elevated IR. Longitudinal data over the four years showed that when a child decreased by 1%BF, IR was improved by approximately 2% (95% CI 0.04-4); and in the boys, but not girls, IR improved by 3.5% (95% CI 0.5-6.5) when PA increased by 1000 steps/day. Cross-sectional data indicated that children with higher CRF had lower IR (p = 0.01 boys p = 0.03 girls) but IR was not associated with total energy, fat, carbohydrate or sugar intake in boys or girls at cross-sectional or longitudinal levels (p > 0.5 for all). Discussion: IR increases progressively throughout preadolescence, but to a greater degree in girls. It is responsive to changes in %BF, and in boys to PA, but did not appear to be influenced by total energy, fat and sugar intake. Given that a quarter of these children are likely to develop a form of metabolic dysfunction in later life, early attention to IR seems warranted. These data suggest that preventive medical strategies aimed at controlling IR might benefit by reducing %BF, particularly in girls, and increasing PA in boys. ER  - 
Efficacy and safety of up to 8 years of long-term growth hormone treatment in short children born small for gestational age in Japan: Analysis of the subpopulation according to the Japanese guideline; The efficacy and safety of 8 yr of GH treatment was assessed in 44 Japanese children with small for gestational age (SGA) short stature who met the criteria for GH treatment initiation (height SD score (SDS) <-2.5 SD) of the Japanese guidelines. Height SDS in subjects improved throughout the study period, and average height SDS improved from -3.5 to -1.6 and from -3.4 to -1.9 in the 0.033/0.067 mg and 0.067/0.067 mg groups, respectively, after 8 yr of GH treatment. Delta height SD was approximately +2 after 4 yr of treatment, and δ IGF-1 showed a significant positive correlation with δ height SD after both 1 and 2 yr (r = 0.415 and 0.488, respectively) of treatment. There was no correlation between the age at the start of treatment and age at onset of puberty, and the median age at the onset of puberty in the subjects was almost the same as that in healthy children. In conclusion, clinically significant improvements in the height SDS was confirmed in short children born SGA after 8 yr of GH treatment without any safety problems. © 2012 by The Japanese Society for Pediatric Endocrinology. ER  - 
Acute effects of blood transfusion on spermatogenesis and pituitary gonadal axis in eugonadal males with beta thalassemia major (pilot study); Objective: To evaluate semen parameters and measure serum follicle stimulating hormone (FSH), luteinizing hormone (LH), testosterone (T) and insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) concentrations before and 7 days after packed red cell transfusion (PCTx) in young adults with thalassemia major (TM). Design: Prospective study. Setting, Patients, Interventions: We studied the effect of blood transfusion on semen parameters, the endocrine functions in 10 young adults with TM, aged from 17 to 32 years, with full pubertal development (Tanner's stage 5) (euogonadal),and capacity to ejaculate. They were regularly transfused since early childhood and underwent chelation therapy using desferrioxamine which was replaced by deferasirox for the last 4 -5 years. At the time of the study their serum ferritin levels ranged from 500 to 5922 ng/ml (mean2686 ng/ml). Basal serum concentrations of FSH, LH, T and IGF-I were evaluated before and 7 days after packed red cell transfusion (PCTx). Main Outcome Measures and Results: After PCTx significant increase of Hb from 8.7 +/- 0.86 g/dl to 11.1 +/- 0.82 g/dl was associated with increased testosterone (from 16.5 +/- 8 nmol/L to 20 +/- 8.8 nmol/L, IGF-I (from 173 +/- 46ng/ml to 214 +/- 61ng/ml) and gonadotropins' concentrations. Total sperm count increased significantly from 57.8 +/- 38.3 million/ml to 166 +/- 132 million/ml and rapid progressive sperm motility progressive motility increased from 20.6+/- 16.6 % to 79.7 +/- 67.4 %. After PCTx, LH concentrations were correlated significantly with T concentrations (r = 0.434, p < 0.001) and sperm volume and count (r = 0.439 and r = 0.376 respectively, p: 0.01). The increase of IGF-I concentration was correlated significantly with Hb level after PCTx (r = 0.535, p < 0.001) and negatively with ferritin concentration (r = -0.458, p < 0.001). Significant correlation were found between serum T concentrations and semen parameters before and after PCTx including sperm count (r = 0.658 and r = 0.73 respectively, p < 0.001)rapid progressive motility (r = 0.675 and r = 0.758 respectively p < 0.001), and the number of sperms with normal morphology (r = 0.752 and r = 0.834 respectively, p < 0.001) IGF-I levels and seminal parameters. No correlations were found between serum FSH and IGF-I concentrations and seminal parameters. Conclusion: Our study suggests that in thalassemic males blood transfusion is associated with significant acute enhancement of sperm parameters and with an increased concentrations of serum testosterone, LH, FSH and IGF-I. These “acute” effects on spermiogenesis are reached with an unknown mechanism/s and suggest a number of pathways that need further human and/or experimental studies. (Table presented). ER  - 
Outcome of early introduction of hypertransfusion/chelation program in children with thalassemia intermedia; Background: The standard of care for patients with thalassemia intermedia (TI) is regular follow up and iron chelation therapy. Patients with TI are usually transfusion independent and receive irregular transfusion when they develop low hemoglobin levels as in case of infection. However, with the current policy, these patients are liable to many complications; thalassemic facies, growth retardation, splenomegaly, hypersplenism, hypercoagulability, pulmonary hypertension, heart failure, cholelithiasis, diabetes mellitus, hypothyroidism, osteoporosis, and hypogonadism. We planned to investigate the impact of early introduction of hypertransfusion on delaying these complications. Material and Methods: All newly diagnosed children with TI at the Pediatric Thalassemia Day Care Centre, Sultan Qaboos University Hospital, Oman, starting from August 2006 were included in the study. They were diagnosed as intermedia based on clinical grounds of late age presentation (>5 years), maintaining mean baseline hemoglobin of 7 g/dL (range 6.1-7.9 g/dL), and transfusion independence. In addition, eight patients had a definitive TI mutation Hb Dhofar [β29(GGC-GGT)gly-gly, β58(CCT-CGT)pro-arg]. They were 10 females and 10 males included in the study. The mean age at presentation was 7.17 ± 3.9 years. At diagnosis, they were started on monthly hypertransfusion program to maintain a pretransfusion hemoglobin level above 9.5 g/dl and a post transfusion level of 14 g/dl. The mean duration of transfusion therapy was 6.2 ± 3.7 years and the mean follow up duration was 7.1 ± 3.2 years. Results: None of the 20 patients developed thalassemic facies, splenomegaly or hypersplenism. Sixteen patients maintained a normal weight (above 5th centile) and height (above 10thcentile), while 4 patients were at or below the 3rd centile. Of the 10 children above eleven years of age, 7 children reached normal puberty at their expected age. All 10 patients above eleven years of age, had a normal thyroid function test (TSH 2.27 ± 1.07 mIU/L, T4 11.04 ± 2.65 pmol/L) with no clinical or laboratory evidence of diabetes. Eight of the elder patients who had echocardiography had no evidence of pulmonary hypertension. Baseline bone densitometry done in 2 patients revealed a low Z-Score (below -2.5), with no improvement on follow-up. The mean total transfusion requirement was 162 ± 23 ml/kg/year. Patients were maintained on either deferiprone (n=14, dose 87 ± 12 mg/kg/day) or deferasirox chelation (n=6, dose 32 ± 4 mg/kg/day). Preliminary results of a self esteem questionnaire of these patients were better than our older patients who had not received hypertransfusion/chelation. Conclusion: TI children who were started at presentation on hypertansfusion/chelation regimen, have improved growth, better self esteem and they did not develop many of the complications known to occur in the non-transfused ones. However, this regimen needs to be evaluated in a larger prospective cohort study and to confirm the cost-effectiveness given the regular blood transfusion and continuous iron chelation. ER  - 
Independent benefits of meeting the 2008 physical activity guidelines to insulin resistance in obese Latino children; We examined the independent association between moderate-to-vigorous physical activity (MVPA) and insulin resistance (IR) among obese Latino children (N = 113; 7-15 years) who were enrolled in a community-based obesity intervention. Baseline information on physical activity was gathered by self-report. Clinical assessments of body composition, resting energy expenditure (REE), as well as glucose and insulin responses to an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) were performed after an overnight fast. Insulin resistance was defined as a 2 h insulin concentration >57 μU·mL-1. We observed that those obese children who met the 2008 Guidelines for MVPA (<60 min/day) experienced a significantly lower odds of IR compared with those not meeting the Guidelines (OR = 0.29; 95 CI: (0.10-0.92)) and these findings were independent of age, sex, pubertal stage, acculturation, fasting insulin, and 2 h glucose concentrations. Efforts to promote 60 min or more of daily MVPA among children from ethnic minority and high-risk communities should assume primary public health importance. © 2012 Nazrat Mirza et al. ER  - 
Age at Adiposity Rebound Is Associated with Fat Mass in Young Adult Males-The GOOD Study; Objective: Age at adiposity rebound (AR) is associated with obesity and Type 2 Diabetes in adults. The aim of the present study was to investigate the role of age at AR in adult fat mass, fat distribution and pubertal timing for a Swedish cohort. Patients and Methods: This is a retrospective cohort study. Detailed growth charts were retrieved for the men participating in the population-based GOOD (Gothenburg Osteoporosis and Obesity Determinants) study (n = 573). Body composition was analysed using dual X-ray absorptiometry and computed tomography at 18-20 years of age. Age and BMI at AR were calculated using pediatric growth charts and AR was defined as the lowest BMI between 3 and 9 years of age. Results: Subjects were divided into early (age at AR below 5.4 years of age), middle (age at AR 5.4 to 6.8 years of age) and late (age at AR after 6.8 years of age) age at AR tertiles. Subjects in the early age at AR tertile had higher young adult BMI (+8%), whole body fat mass (+34%) and amount of subcutaneous adipose tissue (+61%) than the subjects in the middle and late tertiles (p<0.01). The early age at AR tertile had an increased risk of obesity (Odds Ratio 4.1 [95% CI 1.2-13.9]) compared with the middle and late tertiles. In addition, the early age at AR tertile had Peak Height Velocity (PHV) 7 months earlier than the late tertile. Conclusions: Early age at AR was associated with young adult obesity as a consequence of a high amount of subcutaneous adipose tissue in men. In addition we made the novel observation that early age at AR was associated with an early puberty in men. © 2012 Ohlsson et al. ER  - 
Association of LIN28B with Adult Adiposity-Related Traits in Females; Context: Pubertal timing is under strong genetic control and its early onset associates with several adverse health outcomes in adulthood, including obesity, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Recent data indicate strong association between pubertal timing and genetic variants near LIN28B, but it is currently unknown whether the gene contributes to the association between puberty and adult disease. Objective: To elucidate the putative genetic link between early puberty and adult disease risk, we examined the association of two genetic variants near LIN28B with adult body size and metabolic profiles in randomly ascertained adult Finnish males and females. Methods: Two single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs), rs7759938, the lead SNP previously associated with pubertal timing and height, and rs314279, previously also associated with menarcheal age but only partially correlated with rs7759938 (r2 = 0.30), were genotyped in 26,636 study subjects participating in the Finnish population survey FINRISK. Marker associations with adult height, weight, body mass index (BMI), hip and waist circumference, blood glucose, serum insulin and lipid/lipoprotein levels were determined by linear regression analyses. Results: Both rs7759938 and rs314279 associated with adult height in both sexes (p = 2×10-6 and p = 0.001). Furthermore, rs314279 associated with increased weight in females (p = 0.001). Conditioned analyses including both SNPs in the regression model verified that rs314279 independently associates with adult female weight, BMI and hip circumference (p<0.005). Neither SNP associated with glucose, lipid, or lipoprotein levels. Conclusion: Genetic variants near the puberty-associated gene LIN28B associate with adult weight and body shape in females, suggesting that the gene may tag molecular pathways influencing adult adiposity-related traits. © 2012 Leinonen et al. ER  - 
Standardized centile curves and reference intervals of serum insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) levels in a normal Japanese population using the LMS method; Measurements of insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) are useful not only for diagnosis and management of patients with growth hormone (GH)-related disorders but also for assessing nutritional status. We reported populationbased references of serum IGF-I in 1996. However, they did not properly reflect data in the transition period from puberty to maturity. The aim of the present study was to re-establish a set of normative data for IGF-I for the Japanese population. The study included 1,685 healthy Japanese subjects (845 males, 840 females) from 0 to 83 years old. Subjects suffering from diseases that could affect IGF-I levels were excluded. Obese or extremely thin adult subjects were also excluded. IGF-I concentrations were determined by commercially available immunoradiometric assays. The reference intervals were calculated using the LMS method. Median IGF-I levels reached 310 ng/mL in males at the age of 14 years and 349 ng/mL in females at the age of 13 years, falling to 124 ng/mL and 103 ng/mL, respectively, by the age of 70 years. The mean pretreatment IGF-1 SD scores in patients with severe GH deficiency (GHD) obtained from the database of the Foundation for Growth Science and from clinical studies for adult GHD were -2.1±1.6 and -4.9±2.5, respectively. The present study established age- and gender-specific normative IGF-I data for the Japanese population and showed the utility of these references for screening patients with severe GHD. © The Japan Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Influence of catch-up growth on IGFBP-2 levels and association between IGFBP-2 and cardiovascular risk factors in Korean children born SGA; Small for gestational age (SGA) at birth and postnatal growth pattern may have an impact on insulin resistance and body composition in their later life. Emerging evidence has indicated that insulin-like growth factor binding protein-2 (IGFBP-2) may be related to insulin sensitivity. The aim of this study was to evaluate insulin resistance and IGFBP-2 levels in SGA children, and to identify the effect of catch-up growth on IGFBP-2 concentration. Serum IGFBP-2 levels were measured in 103 Korean SGA children including 49 prepubertal and 54 pubertal subjects. Anthropometric values, fasting serum levels of metabolic parameters and insulin sensitivity indices were determined. Each prepubertal or pubertal group was subgrouped based on height or weight catch-up growth. The subgroups with weight catch-up showed higher values of BMI, body fat mass, percent body fat, and total cholesterol. Particularly in pubertal children, IGFBP-2 concentration was lower in the subgroup with weight catch-up. Catch-up growth in height did not affect insulin resistance and metabolic parameters. IGFBP-2 levels were inversely correlated with BMI, body fat mass, percent body fat, insulin and leptin levels in both prepubertal and pubertal groups. Additionally in the pubertal group, systolic blood pressure, cholesterol levels were related to IGFBP-2. A strong relationship between IGFBP-2, the insulin sensitivity index, and some cardiovascular risk factors was observed in children born SGA, suggesting that IGFBP-2 might be a promising marker for early recognition of insulin resistance, particularly in children with weight catch-up. © The Japan Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Growth and puberty in type 1 diabetes mellitus - experience from a pediatric endocrinology unit; Background: Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus (T1DM) is the most common endocrine-metabolic disease in children. It is associated with vascular and neuropathic complications, and may also affect growth and development. Objective: To correlate the metabolic control and disease duration with growth and puberty in patients with T1DM followed in a Pediatric Endocrinology Outpatient Clinic. Subjects and methods: Retrospective analysis. Sample obtained from patients with T1DM followed in Hospital Santa Maria Pediatric Endocrinology Outpatient Clinic (Lisbon - Portugal) since 1994 until March 2011. Inclusion criteria: patients diagnosed before the onset of puberty and who had attained their final height during the follow-up. Variables: sex, age, weight and height at diagnosis and final, parents' height, growth velocity, pubertal height gain, age at menarche and metabolic control during puberty. Results: 39 patients, 51% female, 82% diagnosed less than five years before puberty. Fifty-four percent presented an average HbA1c between 8-10%, what we considered reasonable. There seems to be a trend towards an inverse association between HbA1c and the maximum speed of growth and pubertal height gain, although not statistically significant. These patients were taller than average at diagnosis (z-score: male 0.9; female: 0.5) and lost height during puberty, yet attained final heights within normal range and matching their target heights. Conclusions: Although HbA1c seems to negatively influence maximum growth rate and pubertal height gain, there was no compromise in final height in this group of patients. © Ordem dos Médicos 2012. ER  - 
Imatinib mesylate causes growth deceleration in pediatric patients with chronic myelogenous leukemia; Background: Imatinib mesylate, a tyrosine kinase inhibitor, is used in the treatment of chronic myelogeneous leukemia (CML). Given its ease of administration and manageable side effects in adults, imatinib mesylate was introduced as therapy for pediatric CML. Recently published case reports describe growth deceleration in children treated with imatinib. This study details the growth phenotype of seven pediatric patients maintained in remission on imatnib mesylate over an extended period of time. Procedure: This study is a retrospective chart review of pediatric patients with CML at Oregon Health & Science University treated with imatinib. Height, weight, and body mass index (BMI) measurements were collected before and during treatment. Median standard deviation scores (SDS) were analyzed by Wilcoxon Rank-Sum test and Wilcoxon signed rank cohort analysis. Results: Individual patient analysis demonstrated five of seven subjects with a statistically significant decrease in height SDS pre versus during treatment. The whole group analysis showed a trend to significance for difference in median height SDS pre and during treatment (P=0.078). Bone age was delayed in all four patients in whom bone ages were obtained. IGF-1, IGFBP-3, and thyroid levels during treatment were normal. Four patients experienced an improvement in height SDS during puberty. However, three patients approaching near final adult height failed to achieve genetic height potential determined by mid-parental target height. Conclusion: Growth in children with CML appears to be adversely impacted by imatinib therapy. BMI and IGF-1/IGFBP-3 are maintained during treatment, suggesting a direct effect of imatinib on the growth plate. © 2012 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. ER  - 
The Effects of oxcarbazepine and valproate therapies on growth in children with epilepsy; Aim. This study aimed to evaluate the effects of monotherapy with valproate or oxcarbazepine on the linear growth of children with idiopathic epilepsy. Methods. Antiepileptic treatment with valproate or oxcarbazepine was initiated in 76 patients. These were evaluated at baseline and at 6 and 18 months after commencement of therapy to determine height standard deviations (height z-scores). Serum ghrelin, insulin-like growth factor-1, and insulin-like growth factor-binding protein-3 levels were measured. Results. In prepubertal patients receiving oxcarbazepine, height z-scores were elevated after 6 and 18 months of therapy (p 0.008 and p 0.001, respectively); in pubertal patients, a significant increase was noted at the 18th month of therapy (p 0.004). In prepubertal patients receiving oxcarbazepine, serum standardized insulin-like growth factor-1 and insulin-like growth factor-binding protein-3 levels were significantly higher at the 18th month of therapy compared with baseline (p 0.005 and p 0.004, respectively). In puber-tal patients receiving valproate, serum ghrelin levels were significantly decreased at the 18th month of therapy compared with baseline (p 0.006). Conclusion. Exposure to oxcarbazepine stimulated linear growth in epileptic patients through mechanisms involving the release of insulin-like growth factor-1 and insulin-like growth factor-binding protein-3. In contrast, expo-sure to valproate did not affect linear growth, but did lead to a decrease in serum ghrelin levels. © 2012 Informa Healthcare USA, Inc. ER  - 
Plasma brain-derived neurotrophic factor in prepubertal obese children: Results from a 2-year lifestyle intervention programme; Context Brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) is a neurotrophin potentially involved in the pathophysiology of obesity and metabolic syndrome in adults. In children, it has scarcely been studied. Objective To analyse plasma BDNF and its relationship with metabolic syndrome components before and after 2 years of a lifestyle intervention programme in a prepubertal obese cohort. Design and setting Case-control study with a 2-year prospective follow-up in a referral paediatric endocrine outpatient centre. Patients and methods Seventy-three prepubertal obese children, 8·03 ± 1·08 years old, and 47 age- and gender-matched lean controls were studied. Anthropometric parameters, blood pressure, platelet count (PLT), oral glucose tolerance test, homoeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), lipid profile, BDNF, diet and physical activity were evaluated. Weight loss was considered if z-score body mass index (BMI) decreased at least 0·5 SD. Results At baseline, BDNF tended to be lower in prepubertal obese children compared with lean controls (P = 0·076). BDNF did not correlate with any metabolic syndrome component. After 2 years, obese patients showed an increase in BDNF. Regression model analysis adjusted by age, sex, puberty, BMI, PLT and HOMA-IR showed that BDNF increased in subjects who lost weight (P = 0·036), practiced sports (P = 0·008) and had an adequate carbohydrate intake (P = 0·032). Conclusions Plasma BDNF tends to be lower in obese prepubertal children than in lean controls, is not related to any other metabolic syndrome component and increases after a lifestyle intervention programme. © 2012 Blackwell Publishing Ltd. ER  - 
Improvements in the life expectancy of type 1 diabetes: The pittsburgh epidemiology of diabetes complications study cohort; Survival in type 1 diabetes has improved, but the impact on life expectancy in the U.S. type 1 diabetes population is not well established. Our objective was to estimate the life expectancy of the Pittsburgh Epidemiology of Diabetes Complications (EDC) study cohort and quantify improvements by comparing two subcohorts based on year of diabetes diagnosis (1950-1964 [n = 390] vs. 1965-1980 [n = 543]). The EDC study is a prospective cohort study of 933 participants with childhood-onset (aged <17 years) type 1 diabetes diagnosed at Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh from 1950 to 1980. Mortality ascertainment was censored 31 December 2009. Abridged cohort life tables were constructed to calculate life expectancy. Death occurred in 237 (60.8%) of the 1950-1964 subcohort compared with 88 (16.2%) of the 1965-1980 subcohort. The life expectancy at birth for those diagnosed 1965-1980 was ∼15 years greater than participants diagnosed 1950-1964 (68.8 [95% CI 64.7-72.8] vs. 53.4 [50.8-56.0] years, respectively) (P < 0.0001); this difference persisted regardless of sex or pubertal status at diagnosis. This improvement in life expectancy emphasizes the need for insurance companies to update analysis of the life expectancy of those with childhood-onset type 1 diabetes because weighting of insurance premiums is based on outdated estimates. © 2012 by the American Diabetes Association. ER  - 
Myeloperoxidase is an early biomarker of inflammation and cardiovascular risk in prepubertal obese children; OBJECTIVE - Obesity is associatedwith a state of chronic low-grade inflammation. Myeloperoxidase (MPO) plays an important role in the initiation and progression of acute and chronic inflammatory diseases, such as cardiovascular disease (CVD). The objectives of the current study were to evaluate plasma MPO levels in prepubertal obese children and to determine whether MPO could be an early biomarker of inflammation and CVD risk. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - In a prospective multicenter case-control study paired by age and sex of 446 Caucasian prepubertal children ages 6-12 years, 223 normal-weight and 223 obese children were recruited. Blood pressure, waist circumference, weight, and height were measured. In addition to MPO, glucose, insulin, metabolic lipid parameters, oxidized low-density lipoproteins, adiponectin, leptin, resistin, C-reactive protein (CRP), interleukin 6, tumor necrosis factor a, matrix metalloproteinase-9 (MMP-9), and plasminogen activator inhibitor 1 were determined. RESULTS - We found that MPO was elevated in prepubertal obese children and that this enzyme was associated with such proin flammatory and cardiovascular risk biomarkers as CRP, MMP-9, and resistin. Insulin resistance calculated by the homeostatic assessment model was the best predictor of MPO. CONCLUSIONS - MPO is an early biomarker of inflammation associated with CVD risk in obese children at the prepubertal age. © 2012 by the American Diabetes Association. ER  - 
Impact of percent body fat on oral glucose tolerance testing: A cross-sectional study in 1512 obese children; Background: Although an association between insulin resistance (IR) and body adiposity has been reported in obese children, this relationship has not been studied as thoroughly as in adults. Aim: We evaluated the association between oral glucose tolerance testing (OGTT) and percent body fat (PBF) in a sample of 1512 obese children followed at a Pediatric Obesity Clinic. Subjects and methods: Six hundred and twenty-eight male and 884 female obese children aged 6 to 18 yr were consecutively enrolled into the study. OGTT was performed with administration of 1.75 g of glucose per kg of body weight (up to 75 g). PBF was estimated through bioelectrical impedance analysis (BIA) using a pop-ulation- specific formula recently published by our group. Multivariable median regression was used to evaluate the association between 4 outcomes [glucose area under the curve (AUC), insulin AUC, insulin sensitivity index (ISI), and insulinogenic index (IGI)] and gender, age or pubertal status and PBF. Results: Median PBF was 52% (range 26 to 70%). After correction for age and gender, a 10% increase of PBF was associated with a decrease of -0.50 [95% confidence interval (CI): -0.65 to -0.35] units of ISI and an increase of 0.15 units of IGI (95%CI 0.07 to 0.24). Conclusions: In obese children, PBF is inversely associated with IR and directly associated to β-cell response as detected by OGTT. ©2012, Editrice Kurtis. ER  - 
Prediabetic obese adolescents have a more atherogenic lipoprotein profile compared with normoglycemic obese peers; Objective: To compare lipoprotein profiles of prediabetic to normoglycemic obese adolescents. Study design: Cross-sectional study of 95 obese, pubertal adolescents (12-17 years), who underwent oral glucose tolerance test, lipid panel, and lipoprotein subclass particle analysis (nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy). Univariate and linear regression analyses compared prediabetic and normoglycemic groups. Results: Of 95 obese adolescents enrolled in the study, 22.1% (n = 21) had prediabetes. They were similar to normoglycemic adolescents (n = 74) in age, race, body mass index, standard lipids, total low-density lipoprotein particles (LDL-P), and total high-density lipoprotein particles (HDL-P). However, prediabetics had higher concentrations of small LDL-P (714.0 ± 288.0 vs 537.7 ± 266.5 nmol/L, P = .01) and smaller LDL-P size (20.73 ± 0.41 vs 21.18 ± 0.65 nm, P = .003), than normoglycemic youth. Prediabetics had higher small HDL-P (18.5 ± 3.8 vs 16.6 ± 3.9 umol/L, P = .046), lower large HDL-P (4.49 ± 2.0 vs 6.32 ± 2.6 umol/L, P = .004), and smaller HDL-P size (8.73 ± 0.31 vs 9.01 ± 0.39 nm, P = .003). After adjusting for demographics, Tanner stage, and body mass index using multiple linear regression, all differences remained significant except for small HDL-P. After additional adjustment for Homeostasis Model Assessment-Insulin Resistance Index, only LDL-P size difference remained significant. Conclusion: Obese prediabetic adolescents have a significantly more atherogenic lipoprotein profile compared with obese normoglycemic peers. Prediabetic adolescents may benefit from more aggressive interventions to decrease future cardiovascular risk. Copyright © 2012 Mosby Inc. ER  - 
Beta cell function and BMI in ethnically diverse children with newly diagnosed autoimmune type 1 diabetes; Objective: To examine the relationship between BMI and beta-cell function at diagnosis of autoimmune type 1 diabetes (T1D) in a large group of ethnically diverse children. Methods: Cross-sectional analysis of 524 children (60.8% White, 19.5% Hispanic, 14.5% African-American, 5.2% other non-Hispanic; mean age=9.8 yr [SD = 2.5]) with newly diagnosed autoimmune T1D. Results: As much as 22.2% of children were overweight or obese. Median random serum C-peptide was 0.40ng/mL (25th-75th percentiles=0.3-0.8), with median glycemia of 366mg/dL (25th-75th percentiles=271-505). Median C-peptide was 0.3, 0.5, 0.7, and 0.85ng/mL, respectively, in underweight, normal weight, overweight, and obese children (p<0.0001, Kruskal-Wallis). In the final model (p<0.0001), the odds of having preserved C-peptide (≥0.6ng/mL) were increased by 2.4-fold (95% CI = 1.2-4.9, p<0.015) and 4.1-fold (1.9-8.5, p<0.0001), respectively, in overweight and obese compared to lean children; 1.3-fold per each year of age; 2.5-fold in girls compared to boys; 4-fold in children who presented without, compared to with, diabetes ketoacidosis (DKA); and decreased by 21% for each point increase in HbA1c. Tanner stage, race/ethnicity, glycemia, and number of anti-islet antibodies expressed were not independently associated with preserved C-peptide. The association between BMI and C-peptide levels was significant in children with and without preserved C-peptide. Excluding patients who presented with DKA and/or using BMI obtained 5 wk after diagnosis did not alter the results. Conclusion: Obese and overweight children compared to lean children have greater beta-cell function at the onset of autoimmune T1D. Prospective studies on the relationships among BMI, beta-cell function, and progression to clinical T1D are warranted. © 2012 John Wiley & Sons A/S. ER  - 
Hypothalamic-pituitary lesions in pediatric patients: Endocrine symptoms often precede neuro-ophthalmic presenting symptoms; Objective: To evaluate whether analyses of clinical and endocrine presenting symptoms could help to shorten the time to diagnosis of hypothalamic-pituitary lesions in children. Study design: A retrospective, single-center, cohort study of 176 patients (93 boys), aged 6 years (range, 0.2-18 years), with hypothalamic-pituitary lesions was performed. Results: The lesions were craniopharyngioma (n = 56), optic pathway glioma (n = 54), suprasellar arachnoid cyst (n = 25), hamartoma (n = 22), germ cell tumor (n = 12), and hypothalamic-pituitary astrocytoma (n = 7). The most common presenting symptoms were neurologic (50%) and/or visual complaints (38%), followed by solitary endocrine symptoms (28%). Precocious puberty led to diagnosis in 19% of prepubertal patients (n = 131), occurring earlier in patients with hamartoma than in patients with optic-pathway glioma (P <.02). Isolated diabetes insipidus led to diagnosis for all germ-cell tumors. For 122 patients with neuro-ophthalmic presenting symptoms, the mean symptom interval was 0.5 year (95% CI, 0.4-0.6 year), although 66% of patients had abnormal body mass index or growth velocity, which preceded the presenting symptom interval onset by 1.9 years (95% CI, 1.5-2.4 years) (P <.0001) and 1.4 years (95% CI, 1-1.8 years) (P <.0001), respectively. Among them, 41 patients were obese before diagnosis (median 2.2 years [IQR, 1-3 years] prior to diagnosis) and 35 of them had normal growth velocity at the onset of obesity. The sensitivity of current guidelines for management of childhood obesity failed to identify 61%-85% of obese children with an underlying hypothalamic-pituitary lesion in our series. Conclusions: Endocrine disorders occurred in two-thirds of patients prior to the onset of the neuro-ophthalmic presenting symptom but were missed. Identifying them may help to diagnose hypothalamic-pituitary lesions earlier. Copyright © 2012 Mosby Inc. ER  - 
Abnormal glucose tolerance in prepubertal patients with cystic fibrosis; Introduction: Annual screening for abnormal glucose tolerance (AGT) with oral glucose test should begin by age 10 years in cystic fibrosis (CF) patients (Consensus-2010). Aims: To examine the frequency of AGT and its outcome in prepubertal CF patients and the changes in glycemic and nutritional status and lung function over the preceding year. Patients and methods: Retrospective study of 19 prepubertal CF patients (68% males). All subjects underwent an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). Results were classified as: normal glucose tolerance (NGT) or AGT (impaired glucose tolerance [IGT], CF related diabetes [CFRD] or indeterminate glucose tolerance [INDET]). We analyzed: OGTT (glucose and insulin levels), nutritional status (BMI-SD) and lung function (forced spirometry). Statistical analysis was performed with SPSS program-version-15.0, non parametric tests. Results: Mean age at first OGGT: 8.5 years (5.8-9.8). Mean follow-up: 2 years (2-3). Initially, 47% patients had AGT and 53% NGT. In follow-up: 4/10 NGT patients developed AGT (3 IGT, 1 CFRD). Among initial AGT patients, of 4 INDET: 2 developed IGT, 1 CFRD. Mean age of AGT onset: 8.6 years (6.4-11.1). In 69% AGT patients a declining BMI-DS and/or lung function was found in the preceding year. In OGTTs performed, fasting and 2 h AUC insulin levels were comparable between NGT and AGT; however, insulinogenic index was lower in AGT patients (p=.006). Insulin secretion was delayed in all patients. Conclusions: The high frequency of AGT in prepubertal CF patients and their negative clinical impact supports the usefulness of an earlier glycemic screening. © 2011 Asociación Española de Pediatría. Published by Elsevier España, S.L. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Precocious adrenarche in children born appropriate for gestational age: Is there a difference between genders?; We aimed to determine whether precocious adrenarche (PA) has a different impact on screening tests for metabolic issues and pubertal timing in boys and girls born appropriate for gestational age (AGA). Puberty and initial metabolic screening results of 47 girls and 23 boys with PA born AGA followed up from our outpatient endocrinology clinic between May 2000 and October 2009 were reviewed. Initial anthropometric measurements except for body mass index standard deviation score (SDS) being higher in boys than girls (p=0.01), bone age (BA) SDS, homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance, and plasma lipids were similar between sexes. Hormone levels except for significantly higher dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate levels in boys than girls (p=0.0006) were also similar between the sexes. BA SDS and BA/chronological age were significantly advanced (p<0.05) with respect to initial evaluation in 28 girls at onset of gonadarche unlike the case in 13 boys with PA (p>0.05). In conclusions, PA in children born AGA does not herald any significant differences with respect to adverse metabolic screening results between sexes, and it appears to be a discrete process from onset of puberty in girls unlike boys, in whom it is likely a variant of normal puberty. © Springer-Verlag 2012. ER  - 
Relationship between diabetic retinopathy, microalbuminuria and overt nephropathy, and twenty-year incidence follow-up of a sample of type 1 diabetic patients; Purpose: To determine the incidence and relationship of diabetic retinopathy (DR), microalbuminuria and overt nephropathy (ON). Method: A 20-year prospective study, in a cohort of 110 consecutive type 1 diabetes mellitus (DM) patients, without diabetic retinopathy or microalbuminuria at enrolment in 1990. Results: The 20-year incidence of any DR was 70.91%, microalbuminuria 42.72%, and ON was 23.63%. Regarding the risk factors: pre pubertal age at diagnosis was significant for DR and ON, LDL-cholesterol and CT/HDL-cholesterol were significant for DR but not for microalbuminuria or ON. The relationship between DR and ON demonstrated that DR was a significant risk factor for ON, but ON was significant for sight-threatening DR. At the end of the study, two major groups of patients were formed: patients with DR only and patients with DR and ON. For the development of only DR we can assume that the most important risk factor is the duration of DM, followed by the high levels of HbA1c, pre-pubertal age at onset, and arterial hypertension; and for the development of ON and DR simultaneously, risk factors are higher levels of HbA1c, arterial hypertension, DM duration and pre-pubertal age at onset. Conclusions: In the current study, two major groups of patients have been formed, those who developed only DR and those who developed DR and ON. For the former, incidence increased as DM duration increased, and for the latter incidence appeared to be closely related to levels of HbA1c. © 2012 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Prevalence and risk factors of diabetes in patients with Klinefelter syndrome: A longitudinal observational study; Objective: To evaluate the prevalence and risk factors of diabetes in patients with Klinefelter syndrome. Design: Retrospective longitudinal study. Setting: Medical college hospital. Patient(s): Klinefelter group (n = 39) and idiopathic hypogonadotropic hypogonadism (IHH) group (n = 40). Intervention(s): Testosterone replacement therapy. Main Outcome Measure(s): The metabolic parameters, lipid profiles, and sex hormones were compared before and after T replacement therapy. The median duration of follow-up was 4 years in the Klinefelter group and 5.2 years in the IHH group. Result(s): The prevalence of diabetes was 20.5% (8 of 39) in the Klinefelter group and 5% in the IHH group. In the Klinefelter group, the incidence of diabetes was 12.5% in patients with 47,XXY karyotype and 57.1% in patients with other atypical karyotypes, such as 46XY/47XXY chimera. In the Klinefelter group, the average (±SD) age at diagnosis of diabetes was 27.1 ± 4.5 years. Four subjects had diabetes before T therapy, and their blood glucose did not improve after T replacement. One patient had a history of acute pancreatitis. Two other subjects had very high triglyceride levels. During the follow-up, body weight increased more in Klinefelter patients than in IHH patients. Conclusion(s): The prevalence of diabetes is higher in Klinefelter patients than in IHH patients, possibly owing to abnormal karyotypes. Other risk factors, such as low T level, high body weight, acute pancreatitis, and high triglyceride levels, may also contribute to the development of diabetes. Copyright © 2012 American Society for Reproductive Medicine, Published by Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Imprints of the disease diabetic on the feminine at adolescence: To give shape to an invisible illness; Our research concerns the feminine adolescence process of subjects with diabetes mellitus type-1. Beyond the heritage of the sick and dependant body, how can these subjects manage through the reappropriation of their pubescent body? The objective is here initially to propose the representations of the patients' diabetics on their disease, then to understand if and how these representations work with the acceptance of their sick body. Our approach leaves the question of the origin of the disease unresolved in order to study which elements facilitate its integration and the access to the psychic autonomy of girls affected by this chronic disease. Our research is conducted in two departments of pediatric endocrinology and diabetology in 60 diabetic girls aged 12 to 17. years. Their discourse on the disease is collected in semi-structured interviews. Our conclusions propose the importance of the personal theories on the disease in the process of integration of the disease and access to psychic autonomy. The discourse about the disease is sometimes poor, without emotions, centered on the mechanics of treatment, medical knowledge and glycemic numbers. He is accompanied in the majority of these cases of a difficult expression of instinctual movements. In other teenage, the discourse about their disease is marked by personal theories about the origin of the disease and fantasies about the insulin and medical treatment. Here he is accompanied in most cases a far better expression of instinctual movements. Furthermore, noncompliance with treatment - common behaviors in this population - appear as many attempts of reappropriation of the dependent body: masochistic behaviors allows the physical appropriation of pulsionnal pressure, but it is always running the risk of his own racing when the propping up of the object comes to miss or cannot be accepted. © 2012 Elsevier Masson SAS. ER  - 
Different thresholds of tissue-specific dose-responses to growth hormone in short prepubertal children; Background: In addition to stimulating linear growth in children, growth hormone (GH) influences metabolism and body composition. These effects should be considered when individualizing GH treatment as dose-dependent changes in metabolic markers have been reported. Hypothesis: There are different dose-dependent thresholds for metabolic effects in response to GH treatment.Method: A randomized, prospective, multicentre trial TRN 98-0198-003 was performed for a 2-year catch-up growth period, with two treatment regimens (a) individualized GH dose including six different dose groups ranging from 17-100 μg/kg/day (n=87) and (b) fixed GH dose of 43 μg/kg/day (n=41). The individualized GH dose group was used for finding dose-response effects, where the effective GH dose (ED 50%) required to achieve 50% Δ effect was calculated with piecewise linear regressions.Results: Different thresholds for the GH dose were found for the metabolic effects. The GH dose to achieve half of a given effect (ED 50%, with 90% confidence interval) was calculated as 33(±24.4) μg/kg/day for Δ left ventricular diastolic diameter (cm), 39(±24.5) μg/kg/day for Δ alkaline phosphatase (μkat/L), 47(±43.5) μg/kg/day for Δ lean soft tissue (SDS), 48(±35.7) μg/kg/day for Δ insulin (mU/L), 51(±47.6) μg/kg/day for Δ height (SDS), and 57(±52.7) μg/kg/day for Δ insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) SDS. Even though lipolysis was seen in all subjects, there was no dose-response effect for Δ fat mass (SDS) or Δ leptin ng/ml in the dose range studied. None of the metabolic effects presented here were related to the dose selection procedure in the trial.Conclusions: Dose-dependent thresholds were observed for different GH effects, with cardiac tissue being the most responsive and level of IGF-I the least responsive. The level of insulin was more responsive than that of IGF-I, with the threshold effect for height in the interval between. © 2012 Decker et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Clinical and functional relevance of melanocortin-4 receptor variants in obese german children; Background: Variants in the melanocortin-4 receptor (MC4R) gene are the most frequent cause of monogenic obesity. The relevance of MC4R variations with respect to clinical phenotype and biochemical function remains controversial. Methods: We sequenced the MC4R gene in 510 overweight/obese children. The clinical phenotype was assessed in a case-control setting matched for age, gender, puberty and body mass index. Identified MC4R variants were functionally characterized in vitro. Results: The frequency of MC4R variants was 5.3%, with functionally relevant mutations (D90N, V103I/S 127L, R165W, G181D) occurring in 1.2% (confidence interval 0.26-2.15) of our sample. 4.1% were carriers of variants (Y35Y, V103I, T112M, M200V, I 251L) with preserved receptor function in vitro. We did not detect large heterozygous deletions by multiple-ligand probe amplification assay. There were no differences in anthropometric or metabolic parameters between children with loss-of-function mutations and noncarriers. Carriers of the V 103I or I251L variant had higher high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and HbA1c levels than matched noncarriers of MC4R variants. Conclusions: In our data set of childhood obesity in central Germany, we identified functionally relevant mutations in the MC4R gene in only 1.2% of the children. There were no major significant phenotypic differences between obese children with and without MC4R mutations. Hence, the diagnosis of genetically caused obesity due to MC4R mutation should be made with caution. © 2012 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Dietary intake and C-peptide levels in adolescent girls: Results from the Dietary Intervention Study in Children (DISC); Background: Adolescence is the time period of greatest breast development. Diet during this time has been hypothesized to be associated with later breast cancer risk through its effect on insulin resistance. C-peptide is a good indicator of insulin production and higher levels in adulthood have been associated with insulin resistance. Information on dietary predictors of C-peptide levels in adolescence, however, is limited. Objectives: To examine associations between dietary intake of selected nutrients [fat, animal and vegetable protein, carbohydrate, lactose, fructose, glucose, galactose, sucrose, starch, fiber, calcium, zinc, iron, and sodium] and serum C-peptide in adolescent girls. Methods: The current study includes 155 postmenarcheal adolescent girls 14.6-to-18.9 yrs (mean: 16.6 ± 0.9 yrs) who attended the last visit of the DISC. Intervention and control group data are combined. Dietary intake was assessed via 3 averaged, nonconsecutive 24-hour dietary recalls with nutrient intakes estimated using Nutrition Data System v20. Serum C-peptide levels were determined by electrochemiluminescence immunoassay. Nutrients were selected based on those associated in the literature with insulin or C-peptide and availability in our data set. Associations between nutrients and C-peptide were estimated using unadjusted and adjusted Pearson's correlation analyses. Adjusted geometric means of C-peptide were also calculated within quartiles of each nutrient with linear trends calculated across quartiles. Adjusted analyses included age, time since menarche and energy intake. Associations were also examined using forward-selection multivariable linear regression (p<0.05) including age, time since menarche, body mass index (BMI)-for-age-percentile, total fat, energy intake, starch, and either fiber or vegetable protein intake in analyses. To mitigate skewness, nutrients and C-peptide were log transformed; thus, β coefficients represent percentage changes in C-peptide for 1% increases in nutrient intakes. Results: In correlation analyses the following dietary variables were significant predictors of C-peptide (p<0.05): total fat, vegetable protein, starch and fiber. Adjusted Pearson's correlation coefficients were 0.17, -0.19, -0.17 and -0.20, respectively. In adjusted analyses, trends in geometric means of C-peptide across quartiles of nutrients were significant for vegetable protein (p=0.048) and fiber (p=0.027). For the lowest to the highest quartiles of dietary fiber intake, geometric means of C-peptide were 643 pmol/L (95% CI: 547, 755), 593 pmol/L (95% CI: 501, 702), 592 pmol/L (95% CI: 504, 695), and 490 pmol/L (95% CI: 417, 577). In multivariable linear regression analyses, vegetable protein and fiber intake were examined in separate models due to collinearity (r=0.749, p<0.0001). In forward selection multivariable analyses, only BMI-for-age percentile (β=0.004, p=0.004) and fiber intake (β=-0.305, p=0.009) remained as significant predictors of C-peptide. In a similar model, vegetable protein was not a significant predictor. Conclusion: This study suggests dietary fiber intake in adolescent girls is inversely associated with serum C-peptide, a marker of insulin resistance, after adjustment for BMI-for-age-percentiles. To our knowledge, no previous studies have examined this association in adolescence. ER  - 
The etiology of uterine sarcomas: A pooled analysis of the epidemiology of endometrial cancer consortium (E2C2); Background: Uterine sarcomas, cancers that arise from connective tissue in the uterus, are extremely rare, which has limited their epidemiologic assessment. Their relatively poor prognosis, early age at diagnosis, and higher incidence among Black compared with White women, supports the need for identifying risk predictors. Accordingly, we performed a pooled analysis of data collected in the Epidemiology of Endometrial Cancer Consortium (E2C2). Methods: Data from five case-control and ten cohort studies were pooled, resulting in 229 uterine sarcoma cases, 7,623 endometrioid endometrial carcinoma cases (the most common form of uterine cancer), and 28,829 controls. Using multivariable polytomous logistic regression, we estimated odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for risk factors associated with uterine sarcoma and endometrioid endometrial carcinoma compared to controls. Risk factors examined included body mass index (BMI), age at menarche, parity, menopausal status, menopausal hormone use, oral contraceptive (OC) use, smoking status, and history of diabetes. Similarly, we examined associations between these epidemiological factors and the two most common histological subtypes of uterine sarcoma, endometrial stromal sarcoma and leiomyosarcoma. Results: Compared with controls, significant risk factors for uterine sarcoma included obesity [BMI ≥ 30 vs. BMI < 25 kg/m2, OR (95% CI): 1.73 (1.22-2.46)] and a history of diabetes [2.31 (1.40-3.80)], while older age at menarche was inversely associated with risk [OR for age at menarche ≥ 15 years vs. < 11 years: 0.71, (0.34-1.45), p-trend: 0.0414]. Being postmenopausal, a menopausal estrogen-alone or estrogen plus progestin user, an OC user, or a current or former smoker were inversely but not significantly associated with uterine sarcoma risk. BMI was much more strongly related to endometrioid endometrial carcinomas than to uterine sarcomas (p-heterogeneity=0.0069), with a 3-fold increased risk (95% CI 2.82-3.26) found for the heaviest compared to the leanest women. Risk factor associations for histological subtypes of uterine sarcoma, endometrial stromal sarcoma (n=98) and leioyomyosarcoma (n=82), were similar to patterns observed for uterine sarcomas overall. Conclusions: In the largest epidemiological study to date of uterine sarcomas, associations between menstrual, hormonal, and anthropometric risk factors and uterine sarcoma were similar to those identified for endometrioid endometrial carcinomas. Our results are consistent with previous reports suggesting a role for hormonal imbalances in the etiology of uterine sarcoma. Future studies with larger numbers of cases should explore additional risk factors by histological subtypes of uterine sarcoma to explain differences in age- and race-specific incidence rates. ER  - 
Cause research of type 1 diabetes in children Interim results of three years TEENDIAB study; The prospective TEENDIAB study has been investigating now for three years the association between islet autoimmunity, nutrition, physical activity, body weight development, psychosocial factors, insulin resistance, genes and puberty within the pathogenesis of type 1 diabetes. Up to now 400 children with a family history of type 1 diabetes take part in the TEENDIAB study. Regular follow-up visits allow individual risk stratification for type 1 diabetes. An advantage for the participants of the study is the early detection of diabetes and therefore the prevention of complications at onset. The findings of the TEENDIAB study will help to develop therapies to prevent or cure type 1 diabetes in the near future. © Schattauer 2012. ER  - 
Effects of Changes in Adiposity and Physical Activity on Preadolescent Insulin Resistance: The Australian LOOK Longitudinal Study; Background: In a previous longitudinal analysis of our cohort as 8 to 10 year-olds, insulin resistance (IR) increased with age, but was not modified by changes in percent body fat (%BF), and was only responsive to changes in physical activity (PA) in boys. We aimed to determine whether these responses persisted as the children approached adolescence. Methods: In this prospective cohort study, 256 boys and 278 girls were assessed at ages 8, 10 and 12 years for fasting blood glucose and insulin, %BF (dual energy X-ray absorptiometry); PA (7-day pedometers), fitness (multistage run); and pubertal development (Tanner stage). Results: From age 8 to 12 years, the median homeostatic model of IR (HOMA-IR) doubled in boys and increased 250% in girls. By age 12, 23% of boys and 31% of girls had elevated IR, as indicated by HOMA-IR greater than 3. Longitudinal relationships, with important adjustments for covariates body weight, PA, %BF, Tanner score and socioeconomic status showed that, on average, for every 1 unit reduction of %BF, HOMA-IR was lowered by 2.2% (95% CI 0.04-4) in girls and 1.6% (95% CI 0-3.2) in boys. Furthermore, in boys but not girls, HOMA-IR was decreased by 3.5% (95%CI 0.5-6.5) if PA was increased by 2100 steps/day. Conclusion: Evidence that a quarter of our apparently healthy 12 year-old Australians possessed elevated IR suggests that community-based education and prevention strategies may be warranted. Responsiveness of IR to changes in %BF in both sexes during late preadolescence and to changes in PA in the boys provides a specific basis for targeting elevated IR. That body weight was a strong covariate of IR, independent of %BF, points to the importance of adjusting for weight in correctly assessing these relationships in growing children. © 2012 Telford et al. ER  - 
The association between pentraxin 3 and insulin resistance in obese children at baseline and after physical activity intervention; Background: The role of pentraxin-3 (PTX3) in the development of insulin resistance is still not clear. We aimed to test 1) whether circulating PTX3 levels are associated with insulin resistance and 2) whether changes in PTX3 levels after the physical activity are associated with changes in insulin resistance. Methods: Fifty-seven overweight or obese children (39 boys, 18 girls; age: 12.04±0.82y, BMI: 26.5±1.2kg/m2) participated in the study. All participants were housed together and their amount of physical activity (1823.5±1.34kcal/day) and food intake (1882±68.8kcal/day) were tightly controlled. Results: Circulating PTX3 levels at baseline were negatively associated with fasting insulin (r=-.336, p=0.012) and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) (r=-.334, p=0.014) even after adjustment for BMI and Tanner stage. The degree of change in PTX3 levels notably associated with changes in fasting insulin (r=-.280, p=0.035) and HOMA-IR (r=-.281, p=.034) in response to the physical activity intervention. Subgroup analysis further indicates that HOMA-IR was improved more in subjects whose PTX3 levels were increased compared with subjects who PTX3 levels were decreased (HOMA-IR delta: -2.33 ± 1.3 vs -1.46 ± 0.70, p=0.004). Conclusion: PTX3 is negatively associated with insulin resistance and associated with changes in insulin resistance induced by physical activity in overweight and obese children. © 2012. ER  - 
Reduced atherogenic indices in prepubertal girls with precocious adrenarche born appropriate for gestational age in relation to the conundrum of DHEAS; Context: An association between low birth weight, insulin resistance (IR), dyslipidemia, and atherogenesis has been shown in girls with precocious adrenarche (PA). Objective To evaluate whether girls with PA born appropriate for gestational age (AGA) have increased risk for metabolic complications at initial evaluation. Design/methods We conducted a cross-sectional study on 69 AGA born girls with PA (mean (±S.D.) age 7.1±1 years) and 45 body mass index (BMI)- and waist circumference (WC)-matched prepubertal peers born AGA (mean (±S.D.) 7.5±1.9 years). A standard 2-h oral glucose tolerance test with insulin sampling was performed. Fasting plasma lipids and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein were analyzed, and blood pressure was recorded. Insulin sensitivity (IS) index (ISIcomp), homeostasis model assessment of IR, and atherogenic index (AI) (triglycerides/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol) were calculated. Setting The study was performed at University Hospital. Results AI was significantly lower in girls with PA than in controls (P <0.001), and it was correlated with BMI SDS (r =0.44, P =0.001) and WC (r =0.39, P =0.001). The significant correlation of AI with ISIcomp (r =-0.38, P =0.001) disappeared after correcting for BMI (r =-0.185, P =0.16). Multivariate regression analysis revealed that DHEAS was the only significant parameter influencing AI in girls with born AGA (R 2=0.475 β =-0.018, P =0.0001). Conclusions Metabolic screening in prepubertal AGA born girls with PA may yield favorable lipid profiles. AI in girls with PA is increased in relation to decreasing IS and increasing BMI and WC. DHEAS seems to have the most significant effect on AI. © 2012 The Authors. ER  - 
How does physical activity and fitness influence glycaemic control in young people with Type1 diabetes?; Aims To assess physical activity and fitness levels of young people with Type1 diabetes compared with siblings without diabetes, and to investigate the association between physical activity, physical fitness and glycaemic control (HbA1c) in those young people with diabetes. Methods The study consisted of 97 young people aged 8 to 16years (62% male) from a Paediatric Diabetes Service in South West England. Sixty participants (67% male) had Type1 diabetes and 37 participants (54% male) were siblings without diabetes (control group). We measured weight, height and waist circumference, calculated BMI and waist-height ratio and recorded pubertal status, blood pressure and current insulin regimen information. We assessed physical activity by accelerometry, from which we calculated light and moderate-to-vigorous intensity activity. We measured physical fitness by multistage sub-maximal bicycle ergometer test. We obtained HbA1c by venipuncture. Results There were no differences between the young people with diabetes and siblings without diabetes in body composition, blood pressure, physical activity and fitness. Moderate-to-vigorous physical activity was associated with better glycaemic control, accounting for 30-37% (R2=0.295-0.374) of the variance for HbA1c. Physical fitness was not associated with HbA1c. Conclusions Moderate-to-vigorous physical activity was associated with better glycaemic control while fitness was not. Findings suggest that developing strategies to increased moderate-to-vigorous physical activity may prove an effective method of improving glycaemic control in young people with diabetes. © 2012 The Authors. Diabetic Medicine © 2012 Diabetes UK. ER  - 
Differences in body composition and metabolic status between white UK and Asian Indian children (EarlyBird 24 and the Pune Maternal Nutrition Study); Background/Aims: The concept of the 'thin-fat' Indian baby is well established, but there is little comparative data in older children, and none that examines the metabolic correlates. Accordingly, we investigated the impact of body composition on the metabolic profiles of Asian Indian and white UK children. Methods: Body mass index (BMI), waist circumference, sum of four skin-folds, % body fat (by dualenergy X-ray absorptiometry), glucose, insulin, insulin resistance (Homeostasis Model Assessment), trigylcerides, cholesterol [total, low-density lipoprotein, high-density lipoprotein {HDL}, total/HDL ratio] and blood pressure (systolic, diastolic and mean arterial) were measured in 262 white Caucasian children from Plymouth, UK (aged 6.9 ± 0.2 years, 57% male), and 626 Indian children from rural villages around Pune, India (aged 6.2 ± 0.1 years, 53% male). Results: Indian children had a significantly lower BMI (boys: -2.1 kg m-2, girls: -3.2 kg m-2, both P < 0.001), waist circumference (P < 0.001) and skin-fold thickness (P < 0.001) than white UK children, yet their % body fat was higher (boys +4.5%, P < 0.001, girls: +0.5%, P = 0.61). Independently of the differences in age and % body fat, the Indian children had higher fasting glucose (boys +0.52 mmol L-1, girls +0.39 mmol L-1, both P < 0.001), higher insulin (boys +1.69, girls +1.87 mU L-1, both P < 0.01) and were more insulin resistant (boys +0.25, girls +0.28 HOMA-IR units, both P < 0.001). Conclusions: The 'thin-fat' phenotype observed in Indian babies is also apparent in pre-pubertal Indian children who have greater adiposity than white UK children despite significantly lower BMIs. Indian children are more insulin resistant than white UK children, even after adjustment for adiposity. © 2012 The Authors. ER  - 
Allelic variations in the vitamin D receptor gene, insulin secretion and parents' heights are independently associated with height in obese children and adolescents; Polymorphisms in the VDR gene were reported to be associated with variations in intrauterine and postnatal growth and with adult height, but also with other traits that are strongly correlated such as the BMI, insulin sensitivity, insulin secretion and hyperglycemia. Here, we assessed the impact of VDR polymorphisms on body height and its interactions with obesity- and glucose tolerance-related traits in obese children and adolescents. We studied 173 prepubertal (Tanner's stage 1) and 146 pubertal (Tanner's stages 2-5) obese children who were referred for a weight-loss program. Three single nucleotide polymorphisms were genotyped: rs1544410 (BsmI), rs7975232 (ApaI) and rs731236 (TaqI). BsmI and TaqI genotypes were significantly associated with height in pubertal children, but the associations did not reach statistical significance in prepubertal children. In stepwise regression analyses, the lean body mass, insulin secretion, BsmI or TaqI genotypes and the father's and the mother's height were independently and positively associated with height in pubertal children. These covariables accounted for 46% of the trait variance. The height of homozygous carriers of the minor allele of BsmI was 0.65 z-scores (4 cm) higher than the height of homozygous carriers of the major allele (P =.0006). Haplotype analyses confirmed the associations of the minor alleles of BsmI and TaqI with increased height. In conclusion, VDR genotypes were significantly associated with height in pubertal obese children. The associations were independent from the effects of confounding traits, such as the body fat mass, insulin secretion, insulin sensitivity and glucose tolerance. © 2012 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Lifestyle behaviors and dyslipidemia in Argentinean native versus urban children; Objective: To determine the prevalence and distribution of dyslipidemia among urban children from Buenos Aires (BA) versus Koya Indian from San Antonio de los Cobres (SAC). Design and methods: Anthropometric measures, blood pressure, Tanner stages, glucose, lipids and insulin were measured. Dyslipidemia was defined by the NCEP (the National Cholesterol Education Program standards) and AHA (American Heart Association) criteria. Results: The mean ages were 10.6 ± 3.0 of SAC and 9.5 ± 2.0 years of BA children. Of the 603 BA children, 97 (16.1%) were overweight (OW) and 82 (13.6%) obese (OB), and of 330 SAC, 15 (4.5%) were OW and 12 (3.6%) OB (p < 0.01). Twenty six percent SAC vs 2.5% BA children ate ≥ 5 servings/day of fruits and vegetables (p < 0.001), 30% SAC vs 59% BA children watched TV. ≥ 2 h/day(p < 0.001), and 8.2% SAC vs 13.1% BA children skipped breakfast (p < 0.001). In separate linear regression models, we found that SAC children had a 1.8. mmol/L (p < 0.001) higher hemoglobin level, a 0.56. mmol/L higher triglyceride level (p < 0.001), a 0.15. mmol/L higher total cholesterol level (p = 0.001), a 0.19. mmol/L higher LDL-C level (p < 0.001), and a 0.33. mmol/L lower HDL-C level (p < 0.001) than BA children adjusted for confounding factors. Conclusion: Koya children have a higher risk for dyslipidemia in comparison with BA children, even after controlling for lifestyle behaviors, obesity, age, and sex, suggesting that dyslipidemia could be related to their genetic backgrounds. © 2012 The Canadian Society of Clinical Chemists. ER  - 
Dyslipidemia without obesity in indigenous argentinean children living at high altitude; Objectives: To compare the prevalence of cardiovascular disease risk factors in Indian children from San Antonio de los Cobres (SAC) and children from Buenos Aires (BA), and to examine body mass index (BMI), waist circumference (WC), and WC/height as predictors of dyslipidemia in both groups. Study design: Data were collected cross-sectionally from BMI, WC, blood pressure, Tanner scale, glucose, lipids, and insulin. Dyslipidemia was defined by the National Cholesterol Education Program and American Heart Association. Results: The mean ages were 10.6 ± 3.0 and 9.5 ± 2.0 years in SAC vs BA children. Of the 330 SAC children, 15 (4.5%) were overweight and 12 (3.6%) obese, and of the 603 BA, 97 (16.1%) were overweight and 82 (13.6%) obese per Centers for Disease Control. There was a significantly higher prevalence of high triglycerides (28.8% vs 3.5%) and low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (30.0% vs 5.5%) in SAC vs BA children. The areas under the receiver operating characteristic curve in predicting high triglycerides were BMI = 0.55 (95% CI, 0.48-0.62; P = .15) in SAC and BMI = 0.65 (95% CI, 0.52-0.77; P = .02) in BA children. Similar results from the areas under the receiver operating characteristic curve were obtained when low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol was used, indicating that BMI was not a significant predictor for dyslipidemia in SAC children. When BMI was replaced by WC and WC/height, results were similar. Conclusions: Anthropometric markers were not an acceptable predictor for National Cholesterol Education Program cutoffs for dyslipidemia in SAC children. Longitudinal studies should determine if SAC children are at high risk for cardiovascular diseases because of genetic background. Copyright © 2012 Mosby Inc. ER  - 
The treatment of permanent neonatal diabetes secondary to Kir6.2 mutations with sulphonylureas: 5 year follow-up study; Introduction: Kir6.2 mutations are identifed in a third of patients with permanent neonatal diabetes, resulting in transfer to oral sulphonylureas in most cases. However, long term data on the efficacy, dosage requirement and side effect profile of their use in this population is lacking. Materials and methods: We performed a retrospective follow-up study of 33 patients with permanent neonatal diabetes secondary to Kir6.2 mutations who transferred to sulphonylureas more than five years ago. Data was collected on glycaemic control, sulphonylurea dosage, neurodevelopmental features, side effects, height and weight at yearly intervals by the patients' clinicians. Data was collated and statistical analysis was performed using parametric paired T tests and non-parametric Mann-Whitney U tests Results: Mean HbA1c on insulin therapy pre-transfer to sulphonylureas was 72mmol/mol (range 51 to 119). All patients had been successfully transferred to glibenclamide. HbA1c dropped to 46mmol/mol at six months following transfer to sulphonylureas. Treatment effect was sustained at five years, with a mean HbA1c of 44mmol/mol (range 34 to 56) at final five-year follow-up (p<0.0001). Glibenclamide dose requirement reduced over time; average dose on transfer was 0.82mg/kg/day (range 0.1 to 2.02); average dose at final follow-up was 0.32mg/kg/day (range 0.06 to 0.77) (p<0.0001). Neurodevelopmental features were noted to improve in seven out of the nine cases with neurodevelopmental features as part of the Developmental Delay, Epilepsy, and Neonatal Diabetes (DEND) syndrome spectrum. The two patients whose neurological features did not improve had been transferred to sulphonylureas post-puberty. Side effects such as mild hypoglycaemia and transient diarrhoea were noted in 3 cases, but were successfully managed with minor dosage adjustments. There were no adverse effects on patient growth. Conclusion: This study demonstrates that sulphonylureas are effective and safe in the management of neonatal diabetes secondary to Kir6.2 mutations at 5 year follow-up. Superior glycaemic control is achieved with sulphonylureas compared to insulin treatment in this population. Treatment effect is sustained with reduced dosages of sulphonylureas required. This is in contrast to type 2 diabetes, where the early efficacy in glycaemic control achieved by sulphonylureas is not sustained at long term follow-up, and increased treatment doses are required. There is no adverse effect on paediatric growth and associated neurological features may be improved by treatment with sulphonylureas. ER  - 
Animal protein intake during puberty is related to the IGF-axis and insulin sensitivity in young adulthood; Background and aims: Evidence from observational studies suggests that higher intakes of animal protein may predispose to some types of cancer and type 2 diabetes. This study addressed the hypothesis that such relations may already emerge during adolescence, analyzing animal and vegetable protein intakes during puberty for prospective associations with the IGF-axis and insulin sensitivity in young adulthood. Materials and methods: Multivariable regression analysis was performed on data from 213 (118 female and 95 male) DONALD participants with at least two plausible 3-day weighed dietary records during puberty (girls: 9-14 years, boys: 10-15 years) and one blood sample in young adulthood (18-35 years). Mean levels of IGF-1 IGFBP-3 (n=213) as well as IGFBP-1 IGFBP-2 and HOMA-IR index (n=201) were compared between tertiles of habitual pubertal animal and vegetable protein intake. Results: Among women, a habitually higher animal protein intake during puberty was independently associated with higher levels of IGF-1 (ptrend=0.009) and IGFBP-3 (ptrend=0.04), lower IGFBP-2 (ptrend=0.1), and higher HOMA-IR values (ptrend=0.048), but not with IGFBP-1 (ptrend=0.5) in young adulthood. IGF-1 values in energy-adjusted tertiles of animal protein were 195 (95% CI 166 227), 244 (211 279) and 229 (197 263) ng/ml, adjusted for ageblood sample, early life, socioeconomic and nutritional factors. Mean adjusted HOMA-IR values were 2.2 (1.9 2.5), 2.7 (2.4 3.1) and 2.7 (2.4 3.1). Additional consideration of baseline fat mass attenuated the relation to HOMA-IR (ptrend=0.099), but not that to IGF-1 (ptrend=0.005). No prospective associations were observed for intakes of vegetable protein (ptrend>0.4). Protein intakes were not related to the IGF-axis or HOMA-IR among men. Conclusion: Our data suggest that, among women, a habitually higher animal protein intake during puberty may precipitate an up-regulation of the IGF-axis and a modest adaptive decrease in insulin sensitivity, which are both still discernible in young adulthood. ER  - 
Insulin sensitivity since the preschool to the school age in severely obese children; Background and aims: It has been widely described that insulin sensitivity decreases at the puberty, but no information is provided on its earlier timecourse. The present study aimed at describing time-course of insulin sensitivity in severely obese children at the transition from the preschool age to the pre-pubertal period. Materials and methods: Retrospective study of 47 severely obese (BMI ≥99° percentile) evaluated between ages 2-6 years and re-evaluated before age 8 years with estimation of glucose tolerance, insulin sensitivity, secretion and glucose disposition index estimated during the oral glucose tolerance test by means of the Whole Body Insulin Sensitivity Index (WBISI), the Insulinogenic Index (IGI); and the Insulin Secretion-Sensitivity Index 2 (ISSI2). Normal weight age- and sex- matched patients undergoing minor surgery served as controls for fasting insulin resistance (Homeostasis Model Assessment of Insulin Resistance, HOMA-IR), lipid profile and liver function tests. Results: Obese patients and controls showed significant different HOMA-IR and lipid profile both at baseline and follow-up (p<0.0001 for all the comparisons). At follow-up (mean interval 2.22±0.66 years), obese patients showed significant decrease in WBISI (p<0.0001), fasting (p=0.005) and 2 h glucose (2HG, p=0.001). Importantly, 1 child presented at baseline and 4 at follow-up with 2HG between 140 and 199 mg/dl. At stepwise regression models, predictors of WBISI and 2HG at follow-up were changes in BMI z-score (R2=0.371; p=0.003; β=-0.609), and ISS-2 (R2=0.411; p=0.001; β=-0.641), respectively. Conclusion: In obese preschoolers, the decline of insulin sensitivity seems to occur even before the pubertal transition. ER  - 
Comparison of outcomes in patients with celiac disease alone with those of celiac disease and type 1 diabetes mellitus; Purpose: Celiac disease (CD) and type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) share a common genetic loci on short arm of chromosome 6. The present study was planned to compare clinical, biochemical and hormonal profile of patients of CD alone and CD with T1DM. Methods: The study comprised of consecutive CD patients with and without T1DM ≤ 20 years seen in the departments of Endocrinology and Gastroenterology between January 2002 and December 2010. Patients were diagnosed to have CD as per modified ESPGHAN criteria and T1DM as per American Diabetes Association criteria. All patients were subjected to thyroid function tests, gonadal function tests (where applicable) and serum cortisol, besides routine hemogram and biochemical tests. Patients were put on gluten free diet (GFD) and/or diabetic diet. Patients with CD alone were compared with those having CD with T1DM for various clinical and laboratory parameters. SPSS soft ware was used for data analysis. Chi square test was used for categorical variables and t-test was used for continuous variables. A p value of <0.05 was considered statistically significant. Results: Of the 825 patients diagnosed to CD, 109 (13.1%) patients fulfilled the eligibility criteria. Celiac disease with T1DM was present in 23 (21.1%) patients while CD alone was present in 86 (78.9%) patients. The age at diagnosis of CD was younger in CD with T1DM (11.5±4.6 vs 13.8 ±3.4 yr; p<0.05) and the lag period between symptoms and diagnosis of CD was shorter in CD with T1DM (20.2 ± 31.8 vs 56.1 ± 42.4 months; p<0.05). On comparing clinical features, short stature (87% versus 40.9%, p < 0.0001), anemia (80.9% versus 45%, p<0.001) and delayed puberty (61.9% versus 29.4%, p<0.014) were significantly more common in the CD alone group of patients than the CD with T1DM patients. However, diarrhea, constipation and weight loss were comparable in both the groups. Also no statistical difference was found in laboratory parameters including Serum IgA levels, TSH and LH. Conclusion: Patients with celiac disease alone were found to have more severe clinical outcomes compared to celiac disease with type 1 diabetes mellitus. One likely possible explanation is that patients with CD alone have a delayed diagnosis and hence suffer from more advanced disease with consequent sequel like short stature and delayed puberty. On the other hand, patients with CD and T1DM are diagnosed early, possibly, majority of them are picked up on screening. It will be worthwhile to plan a prospective study with longer duration of follow up and more number of patients in both groups to further validate the results. ER  - 
Evidence of early β-cell deficiency in children who develop impaired fasting glucose: A 10-year longitudinal study; Objective: Type 2 diabetes in children has been ascribed to rising obesity and insulin resistance. A glucose level above 5.6 mmol/ l, known as impaired fasting glucose (IFG), is associated with increased risk of diabetes and our aim was to compare the behaviours of BMI, insulin sensitivity and β- cell function in children who developed IFG with those whose glucose levels remained within the normal range. Methods: BMIsds and fasting blood samples were taken annually from 327 children from 5-15 years. Trajectories of BMIsds, insulin resistance (HOMA-S), and β- cell function (HOMA-B) in children who developed IFG were compared with those in whom glucose remained normal. Results: Fifty-five children showed IFG, mostly after age 11 year, the majority of whom (39) were boys. Fasting glucose rose progressively in both groups, but was higher throughout in those who developed IFG (P < 0.001). IS and BMI correlated as expected (r = -0.4, P < 0.001), but there was no difference in BMI between those who showed IFG and those who did not (P = 0.56). IS rose from 5 year and fell after 7 , but again was the same in both groups (P = 0.49). HOMA-B, on the other hand, was lower in those who developed IFG, even at 5 year (82.5 vs. 95.0, P < 0.001). Glucose levels of the parents whose children developed IFG were higher than those whose children did not (mother's glucose: 4.9 vs. 4.6 mmol/l, P < 0.001; father's glucose: 5.0 vs. 4.8 mmol/l, P = 0.04). There was no difference in IS of either parent (P ≥ 0.6), but the HOMA-B of the mothers whose children showed IFG was lower (112.7 vs. 129.6, P = 0.02). Conclusions: IFG is common in contemporary children, and it appears to result from a defect inβ- cell function, which is already present at 5 year. The parental differences suggest a possible genetic cause, requiring loss of insulin sensitivity to reveal it. As the insulin resistance of puberty recovers, further weight gain is likely to become the determinant of progression to diabetes. ER  - 
The to become independent - Educational program for young adolescents. The pilot study of original program; Objectives: Puberty in adolescents with type 1 diabetes is usually associated with deterioration in metabolic control. In order to avoid such problems, the To Become Independent (TBI) educational program was launched. The aim of this pilot study is to assess the effectiveness of mentioned educational training on glycaemic control. Methods: The TBI is created for young adolescents (10-14 years) and its aim is to prepare teenagers to become more independent, example in decision making, motivate them to take more responsibility for their diabetes self-management and to learn to live with diabetes as much as their peers without it, as well as to avoid deterioration in metabolic control. Main goal to achieve was to take a part in few-days school-trip. The TBI program is structured, age-appropriate and individualized program of at least 4 1-hour long, face-to-face meetings, with further overview with parents. Trainings took place in diabetes clinic in 2011. In the first stage, analysed data include only results in HbA1c. In next 3 years further analysis are being planned. Results: The participants were patients aged 10-14 years old (n = 80). Mean age=12 ± 1.5, HbA1C before start of the program: A1C1 = 7.67 ± 1.04, after the program A1C2 = 7.5 ± 1.07, DA1C = -0.17 ± 0.82. Those who took a part in the TBI program (n = 30) had better results in decreasing of the A1C comparing to their peers: DA1C(TBI) = -0.37 ± 1.19% vs. DA1C(noTBI) = -0.05 ± 0.47%. Although there were significant differences in A1C1 between twogroups -A1C1 (TBI) = 8.14 ± 1.21%vs. A1C1 (noTBI) = 7.77 ± 1.4%, there were no significant differences in A1C2 after educational intervention. Conclusions: In short-term analysis participation in TBI program is more effective in avoiding deterioration in metabolic control than lack of it. It is necessary to assess the effectiveness of TBE program by conducting follow-up studies. ER  - 
Dietary habits and their associations with insulin sensitivity and insulin secretion in youth; Objectives: Data on the associations between insulin dynamics and dietary macronutrient composition in youth are sparse, and often fail to adjust for other lifestyle habits. Our objectives were to examine the associations between macronutrients and insulin sensitivity (IS) and insulin secretion (ISct), taking into consideration moderate-to-vigorous physical activity (MVPA), fitness and sedentary behavior. Methods: Caucasian youth (n = 630) aged 8-10 years at recruitment, with at least one obese biological parent, were studied (QUALITY cohort). IS was measured using HOMA-IR and Matsuda-ISI. ISct was measured using HOMA2%-beta, the area under the curve (AUC) of insulin to glucose over the first 30 minutes (AUC I/Gt30 minutes) of the oral glucose tolerance test and AUC I/Gt120 minutes over 2 hours. Fitness was measured by VO2peak; percent fat mass (PFM) was measured by DXA; 7-day MVPA was measured using accelerometry and screen time was assessed by average daily hours of self-reported television, video game or computer use (ST). Dietary composition was measured using 3 non-consecutive dietary recalls. Nonparametric smoothing splines were used to model non-linear associations; all models were adjusted for age, sex, season, and pubertal stage, MVPA, fitness, ST and adiposity. Results: We considered daily total kilocalories, % protein, % fat, %saturated fat, % carbohydrate, vitamin D, sugar-sweetened beverages, fiber and portions of fruits and vegetables. No dietary component was associated with any measure of IS after adjusting for MVPA, fitness, ST and adiposity. For every 1% increase in daily %protein intake, AUC I/Gt30 minutes decreased by 1.1% (P = 0.033). Otherwise, dietary composition was not associated with ISct. Conclusions: Dietary habits, above their established association with adiposity, are not correlated with IS and ISct overall. These findings suggest that strategies to prevent type 2 diabetes mellitus in youth should focus on increasing MVPA and decreasing screen time. ER  - 
Insulin resistance rises before puberty - with important implications for metabolic health: 10-year longitudinal study; Objectives: Insulin resistance (IR) is higher in puberty, but it is not clear when it starts to rise, nor the impact of its doing so. Only longitudinal data can establish the relevant trends. We sought to establish when the 'pubertal' rise in IR begins, and to measure its impact on metabolic health. Methods: EarlyBird Study. We followed 139 healthy boys(B), 128 girls(G) annually from 5-15 years, measuring HOMA-IR, % body fat (DEXA), fasting triglycerides, cholesterol-HDL ratio(CHR), adiponectin, systolic, diastolic BP (SBP, DBP). Pubertal onset was defined by Tanner stage 2 (TS2), and by detectable luteinising hormone (LH ≥0.2 mU/l) on two successive occasions. Linear mixed effects models were constructed for the pre-pubertal period, adjusting for age and %fat. Results: IR fell from 5-7 years (B 0.59-0.38, G 0.81-0.48 units, both P < 0.001) then rose from 7-12 years in girls (0.48-1.56), 7- 14 years in boys (0.38-1.08, both P < 0.001). • The mean age at IR nadir was 6.76y (SD 1.04) B, 6.71y (1.20) G. • The rise in IR began 3.8 years before TS2 in B, 3.9 years before TS2 in G, 4 years before LH first became detectable in both. • Over the last four pre-pubertal years, up to but excluding year of onset (TS2), independently of %fat: • IR rose by 19.7% in B (0.52-0.80 IR units), and by 12.7% in G (0.66-1.08), both P < 0.001. • Adiponectin fell (B 13.0-11.3 μg/ml, G 13.9-12.8 μg/ml, both P < 0.001) • CHR rose (B 2.3-2.8, G 2.6-2.9, both P < 0.001) • Triglycerides rose (B 0.6-1.0, G 0.6-0.8 mmol/l, both P < 0.001) • SBP rose (B 97.9-100.5, P = 0.07, G 2.6-2.9 mmHg, P = 0.11) • DBP rose (B 61.1-64.9, P < 0.001, G 62.5-65.2 mmHg, P = 0.004). Conclusions: This study is the first to examine trends in IR over 10 years of childhood. It changes current perceptions by demonstrating that the so-called insulin resistance of puberty starts well before puberty, and has important metabolic implications. The early rise in IR is consistent with the release of adrenal rather than gonadal hormones. ER  - 
Does puberty affect the physical and biochemical profile of children with type 1 diabetes; Objective: To investigate the effect of puberty on physical and biochemical profile of children with Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus (T1DM) in a District General Hospital setting. Method: A Cross-sectional study of 184 children aged 0- 21 years, constituting 86 girls (46.7%) and 98 boys (53.3%), who attended Joint Diabetes clinic at our hospital during the preceding five years (from 1/1/07 to 25/5/12). The data was retrieved using a computerised Diabetes Database-'Diabeta 3'. We divided the children into three groups: pre-pubertal, pubertal and post-pubertal; and studied their Body Mass Index (BMI), HbA1c, Blood Pressure and Urinary Microalbuminuria profiles. Results: Our results showed that BMI tends to be higher in the pubertal and post-pubertal group as compared to pre-pubertal group. BMI was below 20 in the majority of pre-pubertal children above 20 in a third of pubertal children and in the majority of post-pubertal children. HbA1c greater than 8% was found in 65.5% of pubertal and 81.5% of post-pubertal girls as compared to only 50% of pre-pubertal girls. HbA1c greater than 8% was found in 74% of pubertal and post pubertal boys as compared to 53% of pre-pubertal boys. Systolic BP was higher in the Post-pubertal group. It was more than 91st percentile in 68% of post-pubertal girls and 86% of post-pubertal boys as compared to 33.3% pre-pubertal girls and 17.6% in prepubertal boys. 4.89% of study group were on antihypertensives. They were all in post-pubertal group of which 77.8% were males. No significant increase in diastolic BP was noticed in any group. Borderline microalbuminuria tended to increase with age. Conclusion: Puberty adversely affects the physical and biochemical profile of children with Type 1 Diabetes Mellitis, these effects could be persistent following puberty. ER  - 
Type 2 diabetes in Peruvian children: A case series; Objective: To describe 32 cases of children with type 2 diabetes (T2D) in two general hospitals in Lima, Peru. Methods: In this retrospective study, we reviewed 32 clinical records of children with diagnosis of T2D between January 2009 and December 2011; and extracted clinical and laboratory data at presentation. Results: During this period, 32 children (19 girls, mean age 14.3 years, 68% at Tanner stages of IV and V) were diagnosed with T2D. At presentation, the mean BMI was 32.8 Kg/m2, 85% had acanthosis nigricans, 43% had family history of T2D, and 17% presented with diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA). The initial mean glucose was 380 mg/dl (SD 166), HbA1c was 11.7% (SD 2.7), and c-peptide was 2.8 ng/dl (IQR 1.5-3.4). Initial treatment included metformin in 64.3% and insulin in 41%. It was usual to combine metformin with insulin (25%) and sulfonylurea (7%). There was no relationship among age, sex, disease duration, BMI, HbA1c, and cpeptide with long-term use of insulin or DKA at presentation. Conclusion: T2D has traditionally been viewed as a disorder of adults. However, as the prevalence of obesity in youth is increasing, T2D is now occurring in children and adolescents. This problem falls disproportionately on African and Hispanic children. Currently, Peru is passing through its epidemiological transition, were infectious disease are coexisting with chronic diseases like obesity, diabetes, and cardiovascular diseases. In the long-term, these children have higher risk of developing complications at early ages. ER  - 
Metabolic monitoring of obese children born small for gestational age; The “catch-up growth” phenomenon in children born small for gestational age (SGA) has been linked to early onset obesity with the subsequent emergence of metabolic syndrome (metS) or its components. It has been postulated that the prevalence of the MetS and its components increases strongly with age. The aim of the study is to establish whether SGA constitutes an additional risk factor in the development of the MetS and to investigate the interdependence between MetS and age. Material and methods: A retrospective study was carried out over a 4 year period (2007-2010) on long-term metabolic complications in obese children born appropriate for gestational age (AGA) and SGA. 517 patients were divided in two groups taking birth weight/length correlated with gestational age into account: SGA (107 patients- 20%) and AGA (410 patients-80%). Each group was divided in three subgroups by age: prepubertary group, pubertary group and adolescents. Blood pressure, lipid and glucose were determined. Oral glucose tolerance tests were performed in all subjects. Results: Prepubertary patients showed no significant differences between SGA and AGA; 4.8% met the framing criteria (according to Weiss) for the MetS. Quarter from each group had developed one component of the MetS besides obesity. Pubertary patients showed a slightly increased prevalence of the MetS amoung SGA patients 19.8%, compared to AGA patients 7.3% (P = 0.034). One component in addition to obesity was developed in approximately 35% patients in both groups. The MetS prevalence was significantly higher in obese adolescents born SGA 36.8% compared to AGA 15.7% (P = 0.032). One component associated with obesity was reported in 30.5% AGA and 31.5% SGA patients. Conclusion: MetS and its components developed progressively with age. Increased prevalence of the MetS in SGA patients indicates that being born SGA appears to be an additional risk factor in the developement of the MetS starting with puberty. ER  - 
Is low carbohydrate diet an alternative in poorly controlled late adolescent type 1 diabetic girls?; Objectives: The primary purpose of the study is to test the usefulness and very short term safety of low carbohydrate diet in a strictly defined subset of type 1 diabetic adolescents, secondarily to test the hypothesis whether it diminishes glycemic excursions and to emphasize its benefits if any. Methods: In this prospective study ten type 1 diabetic late adolescent (Tanner 5) poorly controlled girls wore glucose sensors (paradigm®veo and guardian® from Medtronic) for six days each and during this period they were asked to consume standart carbohydrate diet (SC) for a three and low carbohydrate diet (LC) for the other three days in a cross-over fashion. At baseline routine clinical screening including BMI, HbA1c was performed, blood beta OH butyrate (ßOHB) was checked and repeated at the and of each three-days period when a satisfaction questionnary was filled as well. Results were analyzed by Wilcoxon test using SPSS v19. Results: Age, diabetes duration, BMI and HbA1c were 15.2 (13- 17.2) years, 5.3 (3.2-6.8) years, 25.3 (19.4-31.2) and % 9.6 (7.8-12.2) respectively. Daily carbohydrate consumption and insulin dose were 152.4 ± 51vs 46.1 ± 16.5 g and 69.7 ± 23.8 vs 60.3 ± 24.4 IU during SC and LC periods respectively. ßOHB was high (P < 0.011) and mean glycemia, Area Under Curve High and insulin dose were low during LC period (P < 0.013, 0.022 and 0.007 respectively). Conclusions: The current dietetic advise of “food pyramide” for the general public and its strict use for diabetic people in some clinics so that patients are forced to consume a certain amount of carbohydrates is debatable. This study, allthough not designed to test long term outcomes shows that at least same degree of glycemic stability (if not greater) is possible with low carbohydrate diet accompanied by lower glycemic means and insulin doses. Whether or not mild ketosis is dangerous is subject to investigate. ER  - 
Growth monitoring in management of T1DM children from low-sosioeconomic status; Background: Children with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) have a risk of growth disturbance in a long period. Comprehensive management of children with T1DM must monitor not only glycemic control and other complications, but also growth and development. In Indonesia, problems for growth monitoring due to patient compliance, health facilities, socioeconomic status and education level of the family. Objectives: To understand the achievement of management on growth in Moewardi Hospital's T1DM children with low socioeconomic status. Methods: A retrospective study was performed from 2009 until May 2012. Subjects of this study are T1DM children in Moewardi Hospital Surakarta, Indonesia. Only family with low socioeconomic were enrolled. Data were collected based on visit date, age, sex, body weight, body height, body mass index, A1c level, insulin regimen and total daily dose. Results: There are 5 subjects with T1DM, 4 girls and 1 boy, 1 subjects are covered by government insurance for poverty people, 2 subjects with company insurance, and 2 subjects with no insurance coverage. Regimen insulin are BID in 3 subjects and basal bolus in 2 subjects. Four subjects are in pubertal period (9-13 years old). Mean growth rate of pubertal subjects (4) are 3.4 + 1.7 cm/year. Mean increasing body mass index are 1.98 kg/m2/year. One subject become obese. Mean dose of insulin is 0.98 ± 0.4 Unit/body weight/day. Mean HbA1c level is 11.1 ± 2.0%. Conclusion: Growth of T1DM children from low-socioeconomic status is poor. The glycemic control is also poor. Lowsocioeconomic status may impair goal of T1DM management. ER  - 
Evaluating cardiovascular risk factors of impaired glucose tolerance, diabetes mellitus, and metabolic syndrome in a primarily latino population with pediatric rheumatic diseases associated with vasculitis; Background/Purpose: Pediatric (PED) systemic rheumatic diseases associated with vasculitis (DAV) such as Systemic Lupus Erythematosus (SLE), Mixed Connective Tissue Disease (MCTD) and the various systemic vasculitides (SV) were previously largely fatal but are now chronic diseases (DZ). However, as adults these patients (pts) appear to have advanced cardiovascular disease (CV) with atherosclerosis that begins in childhood and is impacted by risk factors. The objective of this study was to evaluate PED pts with DAV for risk factors of CV: diabetes mellitus (DM), impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), and metabolic syndrome (MS). Methods: A prospective study of 14 PED pts with DAV at a tertiary care children's hospital. Each pt had 3 manual blood pressures (BP), a waist circumference, and a physical exam. After an overnight fast, a 2 hour oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), fasting insulin level, fasting lipid panel, c-peptide, and hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) were completed. Outcome measures included the OGTT, HDL and triglyceride (TG) levels, homeostatic model insulin resistance index (HOMA-IRI) and a diagnosis of MS. MS was established when 3 of 5 criteria (CR) were met: waist circumference ≥ 90% for age and gender (A&G), high TG (≥ 90% A&G), low HDL (≤10% A&G), high BP (systolic or diastolic BP > 90% for height, A&G or taking BP medication), and IGT (OGTT 2-h glucose ≥ 140 mg/dl). Insulin resistance (IR) was defined as a HOMA-IRI > 3.0. Results: 14 pts (12F:2M) 11.5 to 16.9 yrs old were included; 10 pts with SLE, 2 with MCTD, 1 with granulomatosis with polyangiitis (GPA/WG), and 1 with microscopic polyangiitis (MPA). Mean age of DZ onset was 12 yrs with mean DZ duration of 2.6 years. 12/14pts were Latino. The majority of pts were Tanner (T) 3-5 (T3 29%, T4 29%, T5 21%) for pubic hair and T4-5 (T4 42%, T5 25%) for breast development. 10 pts had normal BMIs, 1 was< 5%ile, 2 were between 85th and 95th %ile, and 1 was > 95th %ile. All SLE pts had mild DZ activity by SLE Disease Activity Index (SLEDAI) and both pts with SV had a Birmingham Vasculitis Activity Scale of 1. All pts had a history of steroid use with 10 pts currently using steroids: 4 (1-5 mg), 2 (6-15 mg), 4 (16-30 mg) daily. 1 pt met 3 CR for MS (SLE), 2 pts met 2 CR (1 SLE, 1 MCTD), 7 pts met 1 CR (5 SLE, 1 MCTD, 1 SV). 5 (3SLE, 2MCTD) met criteria for HDL, 2 (2SLE) for TG, 5 for BP (3SLE, 1MCTD, 1SV), 1 (SLE) for waist circumference, and 1 (SLE) for IGT. Pts had a mean HbA1c of 5.3 ±0.25% and none met criteria for DM. 1 pt had a HOMA-IRI >3.0. 5 pts (SLE) had acanthosis nigracans, and 5 (3SLE, 1MCTD, 1SV) had high c-peptide levels (> 3.1 ng/mL). Of the 5 pts with elevated c-peptide, 3 (2SLE, 1 MCTD) had high fasting insulin (> 10 ulU/mL). Conclusion: High rates of elevated c-peptide levels and low HDL levels were seen in PED pts with DAV. No pts met criteria for DM. While only 1 pt met formal criteria for MS, IGT, and IR, a majority of pts had components of MS and/or IR. Higher rates (71.4% vs 40.7%) of pts had ≥1 criteria of MS compared to the general adolescent Mexican-American population in the NHANES III study where a less stringent definition was used for MS (S. Cook et al). These findings illustrate that CV risk factors are prevalent in PED pts with DAV and screening should be routinely completed. ER  - 
The effect of puberty on interaction between vitamin D status and insulin resistance in obese Asian-Indian children; To study the effect of puberty on the relationship between serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D) and parameters of insulin kinetics in obese Asian-Indian children. Material and Methods. The study population included 62 obese Asian-Indian children and adolescents in the age group of 617 years. Blood glucose, serum insulin, and serum 25(OH)D were measured. Total body fat was measured by dual energy X-ray absorptiometry. Indices of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR, AUC for insulin) and sensitivity (WBISI) were calculated after oral glucose tolerance test. Result. A total of 62 subjects (35 boys; mean age = 13.0 ± 3 years; BMI = 29.3 ± 4.8 kg/sq M; 19 subjects in Tanner stage 1, 11 in stage 2, 6 in stage 3, 3 in stage 4, and 23 subjects in Tanner stage 5) were studied. All study subjects were vitamin D deficient with a mean serum 25(OH)D of 8.5 ± 4.2 ng/mL. No significant relationship was observed between serum 25(OH)D and parameters of insulin kinetics in prepubertal children. However, a significant inverse correlation was seen between serum 25(OH)D and HOMAIR (r = - 0.41, P = 0.03) in postpubertal subjects. Conclusion. The relationship between vitamin D status and parameters of insulin kinetics are affected by puberty. © 2012 Rajesh Khadgawat et al. ER  - 
Video game playing time and cardiometabolic risk in adolescents: The AFINOS study; Background and objective: We aimed to examine the association of video games playing time with cardiometabolic risk biomarkers in adolescents. Subjects and methods: This study comprised 181 adolescents (88 girls), aged 13- to 17 years old. Moderate-to-vigorous physical activity (MVPA) was measured by accelerometry, and video game playing time in computer and console was self-reported. Waist circumference, systolic blood pressure (BP) and diastolic BP, mean arterial pressure, HDL-cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol, total cholesterol, triglycerides, glucose, insulin, and apolipoproteins A-1 and B-100 were measured. Results: Computer games use was not significantly associated with any biomarker (P > 0.1) but the time spent using console games was positively associated with diastolic BP, mean arterial pressure, triglycerides, and a clustered cardiometabolic risk score. These results were independent of age, sex, pubertal stage, MVPA, and WC. Conclusion: These results support some evidence regarding a plausible unfavorable role of playing (console) video games on cardiometabolic health in adolescence. © 2012 Elsevier España, S.L. Todos los derechos reservados. ER  - 
Linear Growth and Final Height Characteristics in Adolescent Females with Anorexia Nervosa; Objective: Growth retardation is an established complication of anorexia nervosa (AN). However, findings concerning final height of AN patients are inconsistent. The aim of this study was to assess these phenomena in female adolescent inpatients with AN. Methods: We retrospectively studied all 211 female adolescent AN patients hospitalized in an inpatient eating disorders department from 1/1/1987 to 31/12/99. Height and weight were assessed at admission and thereafter routinely during hospitalization and follow-up. Final height was measured in 69 patients 2-10 years after discharge. Pre-morbid height data was available in 29 patients. Results: Patients' height standard deviation scores (SDS) on admission (-0.285±1.0) and discharge (-0.271±1.02) were significantly (p<0.001) lower than expected in normal adolescents. Patients admitted at age ≤13 years, or less than 1 year after menarche, were more severely growth-impaired than patients admitted at an older age, (p = 0.03). Final height SDS, available for 69 patients, was -0.258±1.04, significantly lower than expected in a normal population (p = 0.04), and was more severely compromised in patients who were admitted less than 1 year from their menarche. In a subgroup of 29 patients with complete growth data (pre-morbid, admission, discharge, and final adult height), the pre-morbid height SDS was not significantly different from the expected (-0.11±1.1), whereas heights at the other time points were significantly (p = 0.001) lower (-0.56±1.2, -0.52±1.2, and -0.6±1.2, respectively). Conclusions: Our findings suggest that whereas the premorbid height of female adolescent AN patients is normal, linear growth retardation is a prominent feature of their illness. Weight restoration is associated with catch-up growth, but complete catch-up is often not achieved. © 2012 Modan-Moses et al. ER  - 
Decreased GH dose after the catch-up growth period maintains metabolic outcome in short prepubertal children with and without classic GH deficiency; Objective Few studies have evaluated metabolic outcomes following growth hormone (GH) treatment in short prepubertal children during different periods of growth. Previously, we found that individualized GH dosing in the catch-up period reduced the variation in fasting insulin levels by 34% compared with those receiving a standard GH dose. We hypothesized that the GH dose required to maintain beneficial metabolic effects is lower during the prepubertal growth phase after an earlier catch-up growth period. Design Short prepubertal children with isolated GH deficiency or idiopathic short stature were randomized to individualized GH treatment (range, 17-100 μg/kg/day) or a standard dose in a preceding 2-year study. After achieving near mid-parental heightSDS, children receiving an individualized dose were randomized to either a 50% reduced individualized dose (RID, n = 28) or an unchanged individualized dose (UID, n = 37) for 2 years. The dose remained unchanged in 33 children initially randomized to receive a standard dose (FIX, 43 μg/kg/day).We evaluated whether the variations in metabolic parameters measured during maintenance growth diminished in RID compared with UID or FIX. Results We observed less variation in fasting insulin levels (-50%), insulin sensitivity as assessed by homoeostasis model assessment (-55·1%), lean soft tissue (-27·8%) and bone mineral content (-31·3%) in RID compared with UID (all P < 0·05), but no differences compared with FIX. Conclusions Continued reduced individualized GH treatment after the catch-up growth period is safe and reduces hyperinsulinism. Individualized GH dose can be reduced once the desired heightSDS is achieved to avoid overtreatment in terms of metabolic outcome. © 2012 Blackwell Publishing Ltd. ER  - 
Polymorphisms of POR, SULT2A1 and HSD11B1 in children with premature adrenarche; Premature adrenarche (PA) refers to an earlier than normal increase in adrenocortical androgen production. The pathogenesis of PA remains largely unknown. We hypothesized that common polymorphisms at P450 oxidoreductase (POR), steroid sulfotransferase (SULT2A1), or 11β-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 1 (HSD11B1) genes could contribute to the polygenic pathogenesis of PA. We performed a case-control study on the polymorphisms rs1057868 at POR, rs182420 at SULT2A1, and rs12086634 at HSD11B1. The study cohort comprised 73 prepubertal children with PA (defined by clinical signs) and 97 age- and gender-matched healthy controls from a Finnish Caucasian population. Genotype distributions and clinical and metabolic phenotypes were determined. The genotype distributions of the polymorphisms were similar between the study groups. No variant was associated with alterations in serum adrenal steroid concentrations. The minor C variant at SULT2A1 was associated with higher serum sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG) concentrations (T/T, n = 64 vs T/C&C/C, n = 33; mean 94 vs 116 nmol/L; P = .001) and a trend for lower dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate/dehydroepiandrosterone ratios in the controls (P = .06), and with higher plasma total cholesterol concentrations in the PA subjects (T/T, n = 42 vs T/C&C/C, n = 31; 4.0 vs 4.6 mmol/L; P < .001). The minor G variant at HSD11B1 was associated with lower plasma triglyceride concentration in the controls (T/T, n = 65 vs T/G&G/G, n = 32; 0.61 vs 0.49 mmol/L; P = .013). Common polymorphisms at POR, SULT2A1 or HSD11B1 were not associated with PA in a Finnish Caucasian population. © 2012 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Clinical characteristics of Becker's nevus in children: Report of 118 cases from Italy; We performed a retrospective study covering a 10-year period (January 1997-January 2007) on children referred to our unit or followed up for Becker's nevus (BN). The aim of this study was to better define the characteristics of BN in childhood, when this hypermelanosis is more frequent than the limited number of studies might suggest. Our data show that BN in children has predilection sites similar to those in adults, but hypertrichosis is rarer. Sun exposure does not appear to play an etiopathogenetic role. The higher incidence in men reported in adult case studies was not found in children. During and after puberty, androgenic stimulation is known to play a pathogenetic role in BN, especially in men, but our cases were mostly younger than 6 years old. © 2012 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. ER  - 
Acute effects of blood transfusion on pituitary gonadal axis and sperm parameters in adolescents and young men with thalassemia major: A pilot study; Objective: To evaluate semen parameters and measure serum FSH, LH, T, and insulin-like growth factor (IGF) 1 concentrations before and 7 days after packed red cell transfusion (PCTx) in young adults with thalassemia major (TM). Design: Prospective study. Setting: Tertiary care hospital. Patient(s): This study investigated 10 young adults with TM, aged 17-32 years, with full pubertal development (Tanner stage 5, eugonadal) and capacity to ejaculate. They had been regularly transfused since early childhood and underwent chelation therapy with the use of desferrioxamine replaced by deferasirox for the past 4-5 years. At the time of the study their serum ferritin levels ranged from 500 to 5,922 ng/mL (mean 2,686 ng/mL). Basal serum concentrations of FSH, LH, T, and IGF-1 were evaluated before and 7 days after PCTx. Intervention(s): We studied the effect of PCTx on semen parameters and the endocrine functions in these 10 patients with TM. Main Outcome Measure(s): After PCTx, a significant increase of hemoglobin from 8.7 ± 0.86 g/dL to 11.1 ± 0.82 g/dL was associated with increased T (from 16.5 ± 8 nmol/L to 20 ± 8.8 nmol/L), IGF-1 (from 173 ± 46 ng/mL to 214 ± 61 ng/mL), and gonadotropin concentrations. Result(s): Total sperm count increased significantly from 57.8 ± 38.3 million/mL to 166 ± 132 million/mL, and rapid progressive sperm motility progressive motility increased from 20.6 ± 16.6% to 79.7 ± 67.4%. After PCTx, LH concentrations were correlated significantly with T concentrations and sperm volume and count. The increase of IGF-1 concentration was correlated significantly with hemoglobin level after PCTx and negatively with ferritin concentration. Significant correlations were found before and after PCTx between serum T concentrations and semen parameters, including sperm count, rapid progressive motility, and the number of sperm with normal morphology, and between IGF-1 levels and seminal parameters. No correlations were found between serum FSH and IGF-1 concentrations and seminal parameters. Conclusion(s): This study suggests that in thalassemic men, blood transfusion is associated with significant acute enhancement of sperm parameters and increased concentrations of serum T, LH, FSH, and IGF-1. These "acute" effects on spermiogenesis are reached by an unknown mechanism and suggest a number of pathways that need further human and/or experimental studies. © 2012 by American Society for Reproductive Medicine. ER  - 
Age at menarche and risk of type 2 diabetes among African-American and white women in the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities (ARIC) study; Aims/hypothesis: We examined race differences in the association between age at menarche and type 2 diabetes before and after adjustment for adiposity. Methods: We analysed baseline and 9-year follow-up data from 8,491 women (n = 2,505 African-American, mean age 53.3 years; n = 5,986 white, mean age 54.0 years) in the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities (ARIC) study. Stratifying by race, we used logistic regression to estimate the OR for prevalent diabetes at baseline, and Cox proportional hazard models to estimate the HR for incident diabetes over follow-up according to age at menarche category (8-11, 12, 13, 14 and 15-18 years). Results: Adjusting for age and centre, we found that early age at menarche (8-11 vs 13 years) was associated with diabetes for white, but not African-American women in both the prevalent (white OR 1.72, 95% CI 1.32, 2.25; African-American OR 1.13, 95% CI 0.84, 1.51; interaction p = 0.043) and incident models (white HR 1.43, 95% CI 1.08, 1.89; African-American HR 1.20, 95% CI 0.87, 1.67; interaction p = 0.527). Adjustment for adiposity and lifestyle confounders attenuated associations for prevalent (white OR 1.41, 95% CI 1.05, 1.89; African-American OR 0.94, 95% CI 0.68, 1.30; interaction p = 0.093) and incident diabetes (white HR 1.22, 95% CI 0.92, 1.63; African-American HR 1.11, 95% CI 0.80, 1.56; interaction p = 0.554). Conclusions/interpretation: Early menarche was associated with type 2 diabetes in white women, and adulthood adiposity attenuated the relationship. We did not find a similar association in African-American women. Our findings suggest that there may be race/ethnic differences in the influence of developmental factors in the aetiology of type 2 diabetes, which merit further investigation. © 2012 Springer-Verlag. ER  - 
Thyroid function tests in obese prepubertal children: Correlations with insulin sensitivity and body fat distribution; Background/Aims: Elevated thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH) concentrations in association with normal/slightly elevated free triiodothyronine (fT 3) and/or free thyroxine (fT4) have been consistently found in obese children. To examine relationships between adiposity, insulin sensitivity, and TSH, fT3 and fT4. Methods: 240 overweight/obese prepubertal children were studied. Fasting TSH, fT3, fT4, glucose, insulin, C-peptide, lipids, leptin and adiponectin were evaluated. Insulin sensitivity and resistance were estimated [quantitative insulin check index (QUICKI), insulin sensitivity index (ISI), and hepatic insulin resistance index]. Body fat was measured by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry. The central obesity index was calculated as the ratio of fat tissue in the trunk region to fat tissue in the leg region. Results: The multiple regression analysis with age, gender and measures of fatness as covariates showed that QUICKI was the only significant negative predictor of TSH and central obesity index the strongest positive predictor of fT3, in association with either age or hepatic insulin resistance index, and that the only positive determinant of fT4 was hepatic insulin resistance index. Conclusions: Reduced insulin sensitivity is associated with augmented TSH and fT4, while progressive central fat accumulation is strictly related to a parallel increase in fT3 levels, independently from total body fat. Further studies are needed to understand mechanisms linking thyroid function to insulin sensitivity and body composition in obese children. Copyright © 2012 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
A prospective study of endometriosis and coronary heart disease risk; Objective: We assessed the relation between laparoscopically-confirmed endometriosis and coronary heart disease in a large prospective cohort study. Design: In 1989, 116, 678 registered female nurses aged 25-43 completed the baseline questionnaire and were followed for 18 years. MATERIALSAND METHODS: We analyzed this 18 years of prospective data using Cox proportional hazards models and calculated relative risks (RR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI). Results: During 928, 050 person-years of follow-up, we documented 428 incident cases of myocardial infarction, 889 incident cases of angina with angiography confirmation, 1190 cases for two events combined (first event among myocardial infarction and angina). Compared with women without endometriosis, women with laparoscopically-confirmed endometriosis had a higher risk of myocardial infarction (RR=1.51; 95%CI: 1.14, 2.02), angina with angiography confirmation (RR=1.85; 95%CI: 1.53, 2.20), and total events combined (RR=1.77; 95%CI: 1.50, 2.08), adjusting for age and calendar year.With additional adjustment for baseline covariates, including race, age at menarche, birth weight, body mass index (BMI) at age 18 and BMI at baseline, parental history for myocardial infarction, parity, lifetime lactation, lifestyle factors, health care use, type 2 diabetes, hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, the associations were attenuated but still elevated as women with laparoscopically-confirmed endometriosis had a higher risk of myocardial infarction (RR=1.43; 95%CI: 1.05, 1.93), angina (RR=1.53; 95%CI: 1.25, 1.86), and total events combined (RR=1.52; 95% CI: 1.27, 1.80), compared with women without endometriosis. When the prevalent endometriosis cases were excluded, the observed associations remained essentially unchanged. Conclusion: In a large, prospective cohort, laparoscopically-confirmed endometriosis was associated with an increased risk of coronary heart disease. ER  - 
Occurrence of cystic fibrosis-related diabetes by age 20 years is associated with impaired pubertal linear growth; Background: Cystic fibrosis-related diabetes (CFRD) increases during adolescence, a critical period for pubertal linear growth. Our previous analyses showed that about 40% of adolescents experienced impaired pubertal linear growth, i.e., delayed and/or attenuated peak height velocity (PHV). We hypothesize that impaired pubertal growth predisposes adolescents to a greater risk of developing CFRD by age 20 years. Methods: Data from the 1986-2008 CF Foundation Patient Registry were utilized. Patients born 1984-1987 (age 18-21 by 2008) with at least one height measurement per year were included in analyses (n=2372). Age and magnitude of PHV were determined using a semi-parametric shape-invariant model. Those with no identifiable PHV (n=135) were excluded. Of the remaining 2237, delayed PHV was defined as the age at PHV 2 SD later than the average maturers (i.e., later than age 15.3 in boys and 13.3 in girls), and attenuated PHV was defined by the magnitude of PHV below the 5th percentile (i.e., in average maturers, < 7.5 cm/year in boys and 6.5 cm/year in girls), based on Tanner reference. CFRD by age 20 years was used to define the occurrence of CFRD because CFRD was not widely screened prior to early 2000, therefore <50% were screened for it before age 15. However, by age 16, 95% were screened and 99% were screened by age 20. Few pancreatic sufficient patients had CFRD (5%, 5 out of 90) and were also excluded from analysis. Results: Of the 2147 pancreatic insufficient patients, mean PHV was 8.4 ± 1.6 cm at age 14.0 ± 1.3 years in boys, and 6.9 ± 1.4 cm at age 12.1 ± 1.3 years in girls. Sixty-two percent (n=1337) had normal PHV, 204 (10%) had delayed PHV, 484 (23%) had attenuated PHV and 122 (6%) had both delayed and attenuated PHV. Overall, 540 (25%) developed CFRD by age 20. The occurrence of CFRD was lowest in patients with normal PHV (21%), followed by delayed (25%) or attenuated PHV (28%), and highest among those with delayed and attenuated PHV (37%), p=0.0002. In addition, sex and pre-pubertal growth were significant predictors of CFRD. More females (29%) had CFRD than males (19%), p<0.001. Patients who were underweight (BMI z-score <-1) and short (height z-score <-1) at age 7 also had higher percent of CFRD (underweight: 24%, short: 26%, both: 34%) than those with better height and BMI z-scores (21%), p=0.0003. After adjusting for sex and pre-pubertal growth, the PHV and CFRD association remained statistically significant, p=0.007. In patients with good nutritional status at age 7 (both height and BMI z-scores >-1) and normal PHV, 18% (136 out of 748) developed CFRD by age 20, while 79% (11 out of 14) of those who were underweight and short at age 7, and had delayed and attenuated pubertal PHV, developed CFRD, p<0.0001. Conclusion: CFRD at age 20 and impaired pubertal linear growth during adolescence were prevalent. Impaired pubertal growth was a significant predictor of CFRD. Further, CFRD was 4 times higher in those with poor nutritional status during childhood, and both delayed and attenuated pubertal growth, compared to those with good nutritional status during both time periods. Prospective studies are needed to determine whether optimizing childhood and pubertal growth lowers the risk of CFRD. ER  - 
Plasma brain-derived neurotrophic factor in prepubertal obese children: Results from a two-year lifestyle intervention programme; Context: BDNF (brain-derived neurotrophic factor) is a neurotrophin potentially involved in the pathophysiology of obesity and metabolic syndrome in adults. In children, it has scarcely been studied. Objective: To analyze plasma BDNF and its relationship with metabolic syndrome components before and after two years of a lifestyle intervention programme in a prepubertal obese cohort. Design and setting: Case-control study with a 2-year prospective follow-up in a referral paediatric endocrine outpatient centre. Patients and methods: Seventy-three prepubertal obese children, 8.03±1.08 years old and 47 age and gender-matched lean controls were studied. Anthropometric parameters, blood pressure, platelet count, oral glucose tolerance test, homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), lipid profile, BDNF, diet and physical activity were evaluated. Weight loss was considered if z-score body mass index (BMI) decreased at least 0.5 SD. Results: At baseline, BDNF tended to be lower in prepubertal obese children compared to lean controls (p=0.076). BDNF did not correlate with any metabolic syndrome component. After two years, obese patients showed an increase in BDNF. Regression model analysis adjusted by age, sex, puberty, BMI, platelet count and HOMA-IR showed that BDNF increased in subjects who lost weight (p=0.036), practiced sports (p=0.008) and had an adequate carbohydrate intake (p=0.032). Conclusions: Plasma BDNF tends to be lower in obese prepubertal children than in lean controls, is not related to any other metabolic syndrome component and increases after a lifestyle intervention programme. ER  - 
Relationship of thyroid function with body mass index, insulin-resistance and lipid status in nutritionally obese children and adolescents; Background: In recent years, there has been an increasing attention to thyroid function in paediatric obese patients due to its possible role as metabolic and cardiovascular risk factor. Objectives: a) to ascertain the association between thyroid function, lipid status and insulin resistance (IR) in nutritionally obese children and adolescents; 2) to evaluate the frequency of hyperthyrotropinemia in our cohort. Design: Cross-sectional study. Methods: We examined 311 obese children and adolescents (163 females), mean age 9.2 ± 2.8 yrs (62.7% prepubertal) from a iodine sufficient region. Anthropometric, metabolic and hormonal variables were determined when patients were referred to our Outpatients Clinic during the period 2005-2010. Patients with thyroid autoimmune disease (TAD) and/or other chronic diseases were excluded. Results: Hyperthyrotropinemia (TSH >4.5 mIU/L) was diagnosed in only 9 cases (2.9%, 2 females). In the remaining 302 euthyroid subjects (161 females) we did not find any correlation between TSH levels and BMI-SDS, lipid panel and IR. Conversely, FT4 levels were correlated with both BMI-SDS (r=0.139, p=0.016) and HDL cholesterol levels (r=-0.150, p=0.018). There were no differences of FT4 levels, lipid status and HOMA-IR between patients with TSH <2.5 mIU/L and those with TSH 2.5 - 4.5 mIU/L. Among the 187 prepubertal children, HOMA-IR was significantly higher in the 130 subjects with TSH between 2.5 and 4.5 mIU/L compared with those with TSH <2.5 mIU/L (3.41 ± 2.87 vs 2.60 ± 1.92, p = 0.026). No differences were found in pubertal adolescents. Conclusions: In our paediatric obese population: 1) the prevalence of hyperthyrotropinemia resulted only slightly higher than that reported in general paediatric population (2.9 vs 1.7%), probably due to the preliminary exclusion of subjects with TAD; 2) TSH levels were not correlated with the severity of the obesity; 3) among the euthyroid prepubertal obese children IR was significantly higher in the subgroup with TSH between 2.5 and 4.5 mIU/L. ER  - 
Establishment of the standardized centile curves and reference intervals of serum insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) levels in Japanese population using LMS method; Background: Measurements of insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) are useful not only for diagnosis and management of patients with growth hormone (GH) related disorders but also for assessing nutritional status. We have previously reported the population based references of serum IGF-I in 1996. However, they did not entirely reflect data in the transition period. Objective and hypotheses: The aim of the present study was to re-establish age and gender specific national standard of normative data for IGF-I in Japanese population. Methods: The study included 1,685 healthy Japanese subjects (845 males, 840 females) aged from 0 year to 83 years. The subjects suffering from diseases which may affect serum IGF-I levels were excluded. Obese or thin adult subjects were also excluded. Serum samples were obtained and IGF-I concentrations were determined by two kinds of commercially available immunoradiometric assays. The reference intervals were calculated using the LMS method. It is important to analyze the data covering from infants and elders by the LMS method since IGF-1 values had sharp peak around the late puberty. Results: Median IGF-I levels were increased up to 310 ng/ml in boys at the age of 13-14 years and 349 ng/ml in girls at age of 13 years, respectively, which rapidly declined and reached 124 ng/ml and 103 ng/ml in males and females, respectively, at the age of 70 years. Pretreatment IGF-I measurements in patients with severe GH deficiency were obtained from the database of the Foundation for Growth Science, Japan (523 boys and 224 girls, age range: two month to 18 years) and from the clinical study for adult GH deficiency (34males and 33 females, age range: 18 to 24 years), and mean SD scores were -2.1±1.6 and -4.9±2.5, respectively. Conclusions: The present study established age and gender specific national standard of normative data for IGF-I in Japanese population and showed the utility of this reference for screening the patients with severe GH deficiency before GH supplementation. ER  - 
Serum levels of receptors for advanced glycation end products in normal-weight and obese children born small and large for gestational age; Background: Children born small (SGA) and large (LGA) for gestational age are at increased risk of cardio-metabolic complications later in life. Interestingly, in recent years the soluble (sRAGE) and the endogenous secretory (esRAGE) receptors for advanced glycation end products have been proven to be involved in the pathogenesis of cardiovascular diseases. Objective and hypotheses: Our aims were to evaluate sRAGE and esRAGE in normal-weight (NW) and obese (Ob) pre-pubertal SGA and LGA children compared to subjects born appropriate (AGA) for gestational age, and to explore the potential association of these markers with birth weight (BW), insulin resistance (IR) and obesity. Methods: We categorized 130 pre-pubertal children into 6 groups according to BW and obesity. sRAGE, esRAGE and homeostasis model assessment of IR were evaluated. Results: sRAGE and esRAGE were lower in Ob SGA and LGA children than Ob AGA subjects (all P<0.05), and in NW SGA and LGA children than NW AGA subjects (all P<0.05). In a multiple linear regression analysis with sRAGE as the dependent variable, SGA (β=-0.237, P=0.008) and LGA (β=-0.414, P=0.0001) BW categories as well as HOMA-IR (β=-0.275, P=0.01) were significantly related to sRAGE, independently of BMI-SDS, age and gender. In a second model, using esRAGE as the dependent variable, SGA (β=-0.307, P=0.001) and LGA (β=-0.400, P=0.0006) BW categories as well as HOMA-IR (β=-0.246, P=0.04) were significantly related to esRAGE, independently of BMI-SDS, age and gender. Conclusions: sRAGE and esRAGE are decreased in pre-pubertal SGA and LGA subjects, particularly in those showing excess body weight during childhood. Furthermore, IR emerged as an independent determinant of reduced RAGE levels. Further longitudinal studies are needed to verify the cause-effect relationship between IR and RAGE in these children. ER  - 
Metabolic syndrome and endothelial dysfunction in a population born small for gestational age; Background: Being born SGA is associated with metabolic syndrome (MS) and cardiovascular disease (CD). Objective: To evaluate the presence of markers predictive of MS and CD in a population born SGA and to assess its relationship with spontaneous catch-up growth and rhGH treatment. Population and method: Cross-sectional study: 181children born SGA (95 SGA with rhGH, 86 SGA with spontaneous catch-up growth) and a control population (n=88) born appropriate for gestational age. They were classified as prepubertal and pubertal according to Tanner stage. Parameters analyzed: perinatal auxology, physical examination, blood pressure (BP), carotid intima-media thickness (IMT-c) and analytic markers of MS. Longitudinal study of carbohydrate metabolism in 89 SGA rhGH treated. (Table Presented) Results: In the prepubertal group, patients born SGA with spontaneous catch-up growth showed values of systolic BP, diastolic BP, IMT-c, insulin, insulin/glucose ratio and HOMA index, statistically significantly higher compared to patients born SGA with rhGH and control group. In the pubertal group similar results (except for diastolic BP) were found and weight SDS and BMI SDS were significantly higher in SGA with spontaneous catch-up growth compared to rhGH-treated SGA and the control group (Table I). IMT-c correlated negatively with birth weight and length and positively with age, weight, BMI, systolic BP, diastolic BP, triglycerides, LDL-cholesterol, insulin and HOMA index. Longitudinal carbohydrate metabolism evaluated by HOMA index did not show significant changes. Conclusions: Children born SGA with spontaneous catch-up growth show lower insulin sensitivity determined by insulin/glucose ratio and HOMA index than children born SGA with rhGH.Prepubertal children born SGA with spontaneous catch-up growth show signs of endothelial dysfunction, indicative of an increased cardiovascular risk that persists during puberty.In children born SGA without spontaneous catch-up growth, rhGH treatment did not induce modifications in any of the studied parameters. ER  - 
Idiopathic precocious pubarche and late-onset congenital adrenal hyperplasia: Distinctive features; Background: Precocious pubarche (PP) may reveal late-onset congenital adrenal hyperplasia (LO-CAH) in 5 to 20% of cases, and the ACTH stimulation test is usually recommended in children presenting with PP. This test is expensive and stressful and the results are normal in most cases. Objective and hypotheses: Aim of our study was to determine clinical and plasma predictors of LO-CAH among children presenting with PP. Methods: We performed a prospective study including all children evaluated for PP at our Hospital from January 2009 to December 2011 (n° 294, 238 females). Patients with concomitant signs of central precocious puberty (breast development in girls or testicular enlargement in boys) were excluded. All children underwent the ACTH stimulation test. Children showing a post-ACTH 17-hydroxyprogesterone (17-OHP) plasma level >10 ng/ml underwent confirming mutational analysis of the CYP21 gene. The correlations between clinical features and hormonal indicators of LO-CAH were analyzed. Results: Thirty-three patients (11.2%) had basal 17OHP levels> 2 ng/ml. Fourteen patients (4.76%) showed post-ACTH 17OHP levels> 10 ng/ml (12 children with basal 17OHP> 2 ng/ml and 2 children with basal 17OHP< 2 ng/ml), mutational analysis confirmed LO-CAH in all these children. The clinical and hormonal characteristics of PP and LO-CAH children are showed in table 1 as medians (range). (Table presented) Conclusions: On the average LO-CAH children show significantly elevated basal levels of hormonal precursors and active adrenal androgens, but a wide variability is evident and a few children show normal basal values. Therefore, all children with PP should undergo ACTH stimulation test. No clinical feature at PP onset seems to be a good predictor of LO-CAH. Even though elevated height SDS and bone age advance are relatively common in LO-CAH children, they do not represent distinctive characteristic of LO-CAH. Conversely, a later onset of PP may be predictive of idiopathic PP, in particular when it is associated with higher BMI SDS, overweight or obesity. ER  - 
Endocrine effects of valproate versus carbamazepine in male children and adolescents with epilepsy; Background: Both epilepsy and antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) have been associated with endocrine abnormalities. Previous studies focused mainly on female patients. Objective and hypotheses: To prospectively evaluate endocrine effects of valproic acid (VPA) and carbamezapine (CBZ) in young male patients with epilepsy. Methods: The study group included 37 boys (14 prepubertal, 15 pubertal, 8 postpubertal) with epilepsy (generalized in 22, partial in 14, unclassified seizures in 1), of whom 24 were treated with VPA (mean dose, 13.9mg/kg/day; mean duration, 7.1 years) and 13 with CBZ (mean dose, 13.4mg/kg/day; mean duration, 6.1 years).The control group included 48 age-matched male patients with adequately treated hypothyroidism (all euthyroid). Metabolic, auxological, and hormonal parameters were compared between the study and control groups and between the VPA and CBZ subgroups before and 6 months after treatment initiation and at the last follow-up. Results: In the study group, mean weight-standard deviation score significantly increased from baseline to 6 months (P<0.001) and was significantly lower at the last visit than at the first (P=0.01). In the CBZ subgroup, mean free-T4 level significantly decreased between the first and last visit (P=0.006), though it remained within normal range, with no change in mean levels of thyroid-stimulating hormone. There were no significant changes over time in insulin resistance or lipid profile in the whole study group or by treatment or type of epilepsy, and no correlation between mean dose or treatment duration and auxological characteristics and fasting metabolic profile. All patients had a normal pattern of puberty and linear growth. Conclusions: Long-term therapy with VPA or CBZ has no significant clinical or endocrinological effect on male children and adolescents with epilepsy, except for an increase in body weight during the first 6 months of treatment, with a decline thereafter. Further, larger prospective studies are required to corroborate our findings. ER  - 
Influence of obesity on growth rate, bone maturation and adult height prediction in children and adolescents; Background: Obesity influences growth rate in children. However, the precise role of gender, race, age at onset and severity of obesity and hyperinsulinemia on adult height is insufficiently characterized. Objective and hypotheses: To study the pattern of growth and the reliability of the Bailey&Pinneau (B&P) method for adult height prediction (based on Greulich & Pyle's [G&P] bone age) in obese children according to their age, sex, race, pubertal stage and serum insulin levels. Methods: A retrospective study of 673 obese children [BMI > +2 SDS (3.9±1.4), age: 10.7±3.2 years (0.5-17.5), 49% girls, 51% boys; 51.3% prepubertal, 48.7% pubertal; 77.3% Caucasians, 18.3% Latinos] was carried out. Parameters studied: Chronological and bone age (G&P), sex, race, pubertal stage (Tanner), height, BMI, target height (mid-parental height +/-6.5 cm boys/girls, respectively), adult height prediction (B&P), and adult height (growth < 1cm/year; n=114) were recorded. Results: Obese children showed advanced bone age (+0.76±1.19 years; p<0.001) that positively correlated with BMI-SDS and insulin levels (both p<0.001) and was influenced by sex (females: 1.0±1.2 vs. males: 0.6±1.2; p<0.001); puberty (prepubertal: 0.9±1.2 vs. pubertal: 0.6±1.12; p<0.01) and race (Latinos: 0.9±1.1 vs. Caucasians: 0.7±1.2; p<0.05). Standardized height at diagnosis exceeded target height (+0.94±1.09 vs. -0.43±0.97 SDS; p<0.001), with the B&P prediction overestimating the target height (+0.23±1.26 DE) over the final height reached by the patients (-0.35±1.02 SDS; p<0.001), although the later was still above the target height (-0.56±1.07 SDS; p<0.001). These findings were most evident in male and Latino patients (p<0.001), although the later showed no gain in final height. Conclusions: Obesity is associated with an acceleration of skeletal maturation in children that is influenced by sex and race. This results in transient overgrowth but has minimal impact on adult height, which leads to the overestimation of final height by B&P. ER  - 
Insulin like growth factor-I (IGF-I) levels and metabolic parameters in a population of obese children and adolescents; Introduction: The risk association between the insulin like growth factor-I (IGF-I) and cardiovascular risk is inconclusive in adults and under-explored in the pediatric population. We aimed to investigate the associations between serum concentrations of IGF-I and cardiovascular risk factors in obese children and adolescents. Methods: Cross-sectional study. Clinical and metabolic evaluations including an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) were performed at fasting in 594 overweight an obese children and adolescents (295 males and 299 females). IGF-I levels were measured by Immulite and IGF-SDS for each age and gender subgroup was calculated and, then, divided into quartiles. Results: 239 subjects were in Tanner 1, 206 in Tanner 2 or 3, 149 in Tanner 4 or 5 stages, respectively. Subjects in the lowest quartile of IGF-I SDS were older (p<0.01) and with higher BMI (p<0.03) respect to the highest quartile. After correction for age, gender and pubertal stages, subjects in the highest quartile presented higher insulin levels at fasting (p<0.01), post-OGTT (p<0.03) and higher HOMA-index (p<0.01). No significance was detected for glucose, lipids or pressure with exception of higher triglycerides in the lowest quartiles of IGF-SDS in the crude (p<0.03) but not in the corrected models. Continuous IGF-I levels maintained the same associations observed for IGF SDS. Acanthosis index did not correlate with IGF-I levels. Conclusions: IGF-I levels were directly associated with insulin levels and insulin resistance in obese children and adolescent irrespective of gender and puberty. The association with other cardiovascular risk factor observed in adults could be modulated by age. ER  - 
Precise description of pubertal development and clinical practices in women with early premature ovarian failure; Background: Early Premature ovarian failure (ePOF) defined by cessation of ovarian function before age 18 is a rare condition. The link between puberty progression and POF hasn't been explored in details. Aim of study: To describe pubertal development and clinical practices of women with ePOF in a referral center within the first two years follow-up. Method: A mixed retrospective and prospective study was performed. A total of 358 consecutive POF patients were followed from 1997 to 2010. From this cohort 108 patients with ePOF (young girls, adolescents < 18 years of age at diagnosis of POF) with karoytype excluding Turner syndrome, and no iatrogenic cause are the focus of our study. Their clinical (age, pubertal evolution, circumstance diagnosis), hormonal (FSH, LH, E2) and morphological features (pelvic ultrasonography, laparoscopy) were analyzed. We also documented their management's characteristics (type of/age of hormonal treatment). Results: Primary amenorrhea (PA) was more often associated with Tanner breast's stage 1-2-3 (73.3%) than breast's stage 4-5 (26.3%). Secondary amenorrhea (SA) was always associated to stage 4-5 (100%), (p<0.001). PA was more often associated with partial and delayed pubertal development than normal and conversely for SA (p<0.001).SA's mean age was 16.22 [15-18] years with menarchy at 13.56 [10.5-17] years. The diagnoses are made on high FSH and mean level was 94.76 UI/l and estradiol 17ng/ml, LH level was higher with normal puberty than delayed(p=0.002). Both estradiol and LH level were higher for 4-5 breast stages (p=0.02) than 1-2-3 stages. Mean age at start of hormonal treatment was 17.55 [15-28] years, progestogen's onset was one year later. Combined treatment started at 18 years old. During these two years 1/5 of patients were lost for follow-up. Conclusion: The fact to complete puberty doesn't exclude PA. However in SA a normal puberty is most often found then in PA. Suboptimal care of these ePOF is documented therefore widespread guidelines to improve care of patients with early POF are needed. ER  - 
Growth and puberty in celiac disease; Aim: The aim of the present study was to evaluate growth, celiac disease (CD) adult height and age at menarche. Subjects and methods: 1. Growth was assessed by: - Longitudinal study, compared with Sempe, Pedron subjects. - Semi longitudinal case-control study. Controls ( eliac brothers and sisters). 2. Age at menarche was assessed by case-control study. Controls (eliac sisters). Results: 1. Growth was significantly more delayed in CD patients (103 girls, 92 boys) than in Sempe, Pedron subjects. However, evident catch-up growth was noted between the 18 and 21 years age (103 CD girls and 92 CD boys CD). 2. The growth speed was less important during puberty compared to Sempe, Pedron subjects. After 18 age, our CD patients was contuned their growth in time where Sempe, Pedron subjects finished their growth. 3. When CD was associated with Diabete type 1, growth was significantly more delayed than in the CD isolated or diabetes patients isolated. 4. Semi-longitudinal study: The mean adult height was: 158, 42 ± 6, 3 cm (269 women CD) vs 162, 17 ± 6, 3 cm (193 controls :p<0, 0001). The mean adult height was 170, 28 ± 7, 5 cm (194 men CD) and 172, 53 ± 6,8 cm (200 controls: p < 0.09). 5. The mean age of menarche in 174 CD was: 4,56 ± 1,63 years vs 13,74 ± 1,36 years in 174 controls (p<0,0001). Conclusion: Growth, puberty and adult Height are delayed especially in the CD girls. Additional factors influencing growth, is the auto immuns diseases associated. ER  - 
Clinical Characteristics of the children with overweight or obesity; Purpose: The aim of this study was to evaluate clinical characteristics on children with overweight or obesity. Methods: The subject for this research consisted of 86 patients (25 boys and 61 girls) who were admitted to the department of Pediatrics at Gumi CHA University Hospital from August of 2010 to February of 2012. They admitted to investigate their growing status with concerning overweight. Various clinical or laboratory data were analyzed in the way of retrospective study. Results: Among them, 11 patients were diagnosed as central precocious puberty, 3 patients were diagnosed as Hashimoto's thyroiditis and 1 patient was diagnosed as growth hormone defiency. 56 patients(65%) shows insulin resistance and 14 patients(16.3%) shows acanthosis nigrans. Conclusions: We should consider that obesity isn't just symptom but a disease. Clinicians need to investigate their comorbidity and to take appropriate treatment. ER  - 
Childhood narcolepsy with cataplexy is associated with precocieus puberty and obesity; Objectives: Childhood narcolepsy with cataplexy (NC) presents specific features that have been partially investigated. We explored the pubertal and metabolic features of childhood NC through a systematic assessment of pubertal staging, body mass index (BMI), and metabolic/endocrine biochemical analyses. Methods: Forty-three NC children and adolescent, referred to our Sleep Center in Bologna (Italy), were consecutive recruited for a cross-sectional study. Each patient underwent clinical interview, full polysomnographic recordings, cerebrospinal fluid hypocretin-1 measurement, and HLA typing. Height, weight, arterial blood pressure, and Tanner pubertal stage were evaluated. Blood was withdrawn for lipid and glucose profiling. When altered pubertal development was clinically suspected, plasma concentration of hypothalamo-pituitarygonadal axis hormones were determined. Results: NC children showed a dramatically higher prevalence of precocious puberty (17%) and overweight/obesity (74%) than the general pediatric population (0.015% and 36%, respectively). Additionally, isolated signs of accelerated pubertal development (thelarche, pubic hair, advanced bone age) were also present (41%). Overweight/obese NC children displayed lower levels of high density lipoprotein cholesterol and higher levels of C-reactive protein when compared to normal weight NC children. NC symptoms, pubertal signs appearance, and body weight gain developed in close temporal sequence. Conclusion: NC occurring during prepubertal age is associated with precocious puberty and overweight/obesity, suggesting an extended hypothalamic dysfunction. The severity of these co-morbidities and the potential related risks require a multidisciplinary diagnosis and a tailored therapeutic management. ER  - 
Diabetes, metformin, and breast cancer in postmenopausal women; Purpose: Emerging evidence suggests that metformin may reduce breast cancer incidence, but reports are mixed and few provide information on tumor characteristics. Therefore, we assessed associations among diabetes, metformin use, and breast cancer in postmenopausal women participating in Women's Health Initiative clinical trials. Patients and Methods: In all, 68,019 postmenopausal women, including 3,401 with diabetes at study entry, were observed over a mean of 11.8 years with 3,273 invasive breast cancers diagnosed. Diabetes incidence status was collected throughout follow-up, with medication information collected at baseline and years 1, 3, 6, and 9. Breast cancers were confirmed by review of central medical records and pathology reports. Cox proportional hazards regression, adjusted for breast cancer risk factors, compared breast cancer incidence in women with diabetes who were metformin users or nonusers with breast cancer incidence in women without diabetes. Results: Compared with that in women without diabetes, breast cancer incidence in women with diabetes differed by diabetes medication type (P = .04). Women with diabetes receiving medications other than metformin had a slightly higher incidence of breast cancer (hazard ratio [HR], 1.16; 95% CI, 0.93 to 1.45), and women with diabetes who were given metformin had lower breast cancer incidence (HR, 0.75; 95% CI, 0.57 to 0.99). The association was observed for cancers positive for both estrogen receptor and progesterone receptor and those that were negative for human epidermal growth factor receptor 2. Conclusion: Metformin use in postmenopausal women with diabetes was associated with lower incidence of invasive breast cancer. These results can inform future studies evaluating metformin use in breast cancer management and prevention. © 2012 by American Society of Clinical Oncology. ER  - 
Evaluation of metabolic syndrome after hematopoietic stem cell transplantation in children and adolescents; Background: To determine the prevalence, characteristics, and risk factors associated with metabolic syndrome (MS) in patients undergoing hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) in the Chilean National Program. Procedures: Descriptive and cross-sectional study including 69 patients was conducted. Body mass index, pubertal development, waist circumference, arterial pressure (AP), and triglycerides, HDL-cholesterol, and glucose levels were recorded at the time of study entry. The National Cholesterol Education Program (Adult Treatment Panel III, as modified by the American Heart Association) criteria are often used to diagnose MS in adults; however, for children and adolescents we followed criteria according to De Ferranti and American Diabetes Association. Statistical analyses were performed with a chi-square test or Fisher's exact test according to sample size. Results: Sixty-nine patients were studied. The median age at the time of diagnosis was 12.9 years, and the median time of follow-up post-transplant was 4 years. Forty-three patients were males, 54 patients had malignant diseases, and 59 patients received allogeneic transplants. Of the 69 patients, 32% had MS; the most common MS features were abdominal obesity (73%), hypertriglyceridemia (91%), and a low HDL-cholesterol level (96%). The most significant risk factor for MS was corticosteroid therapy use pre- (P<0.03) and post-HSCT (P<0.03), obesity and overweight associated with MS (P<0.001). No patient developed cardiovascular complications. Conclusions: The prevalence of MS was 32%, which was significantly higher than in a healthy pediatric population. We recommend prolonged follow-up for transplant recipients, coupled with enforcement of preventive measures, such as early diagnosis and encouragement of a healthy lifestyle. © 2012 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.. ER  - 
Identification and management of poor response to growth-promoting therapy in children with short stature; Growth hormone (GH) is widely prescribed for children with short stature across a range of growth disorders. Recombinant human (rh) insulin-like growth factor-1 (rhIGF-1) therapy is approved for severe primary IGF-I deficiency - a state of severe GH resistance. Evidence is increasing for an unacceptably high rate of poor or unsatisfactory response to growth-promoting therapy (i.e. not leading to significant catch up growth) in terms of change in height standard deviation score (SDS) and height velocity (HV) in many approved indications. Consequently, there is a need to define poor response and to prevent or correct it by optimizing treatment regimens within accepted guidelines. Recognition of a poor response is an indication for action by the treating physician, either to modify the therapy or to review the primary diagnosis leading either to discontinuation or change of therapy. This review discusses the optimal investigation of the child who is a candidate for GH or IGF-1 therapy so that a diagnosis-based choice of therapy and dosage can be made. The relevant parameters in the evaluation of growth response are described together with the definitions of poor response. Prevention of poor response is addressed by discussion of strategy for first-year management with GH and IGF-1. Adherence to therapy is reviewed as is the recommended action following the identification of the poorly responding patient. The awareness, recognition and management of poor response to growth-promoting therapy will lead to better patient care, greater cost-effectiveness and increased opportunities for clinical benefit. © 2012 Blackwell Publishing Ltd. ER  - 
Type 2 diabetes from pediatric to geriatric age: Analysis of gender and obesity among 120 183 patients from the German/Austrian DPV database; Aim: To characterize the clinical phenotype of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) with respect to age, gender, and BMI. Method: Anonymized data of 120 183 people with T2DM from the German/Austrian multicenter Diabetes Patienten Verlaufsdokumentation database were analyzed based on chronological age or age at diagnosis (0-19, 20-39, 40-59, 60-79, and ≥80 years). Age, gender, and BMI comparisons with clinical phenotype were made using χ2 and Kruskal-Wallis tests (SAS V9.2). Results: Of all the patients, 51.3% were male, average age was 67.1±12.7 years, and average disease duration was 9.9±9.1 years. More girls than boys were diagnosed during adolescence and more men than women during adulthood (20-60 years). No gender differences existed when age at diagnosis was ≥60 years. Patients were obese on average (BMI: 30.5±6.1 kg/m2) and had significantly higher BMI values than German population peers. The BMI gap was widest in the younger age categories and closed with increasing age. Adult women were significantly more obese than men. Obese patients more often had elevated HbA1c (≥7.5%), hypertension or dyslipidemia (irrespective of age), microalbuminuria (adults), or retinopathy (elderly) than nonobese patients. More men than women (20-60 years) had hypertension, dyslipidemia, or microalbuminuria while more women than men (≥60 years) had hypertension or dyslipidemia. Conclusion: During puberty, more girls than boys were diagnosed with T2DM while during adulthood males predominated. T2DM manifested at comparatively lower BMI in males, and younger patients were more obese at diagnosis. Age, gender, and BMI were also associated with poor metabolic control and cardiovascular disease comorbidities/complications. © 2012 European Society of Endocrinology. ER  - 
Short-term effects of GH treatment on coagulation, fibrinolysis, inflammation biomarkers, and insulin resistance status in prepubertal children with GH deficiency; Objective: The aims of this study was to determine whether prepubertal GH deficiency (GHD) children showed any impairment in coagulation- and fibrinolysis-related parameters and in inflammatory and insulin resistance markers and to evaluate the effect of short-term GH therapy on these parameters. Design: This was a 6-month, prospective, observational, case-control study (36 prepubertal children with GHD and 38 healthy prepubertal children with no differences in BMI). Comparison of study parameter values in GHD and control groups at baseline and after 6 months of GH treatment in the GHD group. The following were analyzed: glucose, insulin, fibrinogen, absolute plasminogen activator inhibitor type 1 (aPAI-1), von Willebrand factor (vWF), homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) index, C-reactive protein (CRP), and interleukin 6 (IL6) levels. Results: Children with GHD showed higher baseline levels of aPAI-1 and fibrinogen and lower levels of glucose, insulin, and HOMA-IR index than healthy controls. No intergroup differences were found for vWF. After 6 months of treatment, aPAI-1 levels were lower but no changes were observed in fibrinogen or vWF levels, which were similar to those of controls. Glucose levels increased, though not significantly, while insulin levels and HOMA-IR index rose to normal levels. A positive correlation was found between changes in insulin status/HOMA-IR index and levels of aPAI-1, fibrinogen, vWF, CRP, and IL6. Conclusions: At early ages, GH therapy appears to exert beneficial effects on the amount of aPAI-1. At the same time, it increases the state of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR index) without modifying the levels of fibrinogen, vWF, CRP, and IL6. © 2012 European Society of Endocrinology. ER  - 
Prospective evaluation of risk factors for the development of islet autoimmunity and type 1 diabetes during puberty--TEENDIAB: study design.; Type 1 diabetes (T1D) has a peak incidence in childhood and adolescence. The TEENDIAB study investigates the period of puberty and adolescence in the natural course of T1D development. Evidence suggests that the immune phenotype of children developing autoimmunity during puberty and adolescence differs from that in childhood. We hypothesize that these differences reflect heterogeneity in the genetic and environmental factors that influence the development of autoimmunity in puberty versus early infancy. TEENDIAB is an observational cohort study that enrols and follows 1500 children aged 8-12 and who have a first degree relative with T1D to test this hypothesis. Data collection and analyses will focus on determining the phenotype of islet autoimmunity, genotypes of T1D- and type 2 diabetes-associated genes, insulin resistance, and β-cell function, growth, obesity, and physical exercise. The findings of this study will increase the understanding of pathogenetic mechanisms behind the increasing diabetes incidence in youth and the impact of obesity on diabetes development in this age period. © 2011 John Wiley & Sons A/S. ER  - 
Correlates of resistin in children with chronic kidney disease: The chronic kidney disease in children cohort; Objective: To test the hypothesis that resistin is associated with insulin resistance and inflammation in pediatric patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD). Study design: This study is a cross-sectional analysis of 319 children in the Chronic Kidney Disease in Children cohort, a large cohort of children with stage II-IV CKD. Univariate and multivariate regression modeling was used to evaluate the association of serum resistin level with glomerular filtration rate (GFR), demographic data, and cardiovascular risk factors, including inflammatory cytokines, insulin resistance, and serum lipids. Results: In univariate analyses, serum resistin level was negatively correlated with GFR (P <.01). Increased serum resistin was associated with elevated inflammatory cytokines, including interleukin (IL)-6 (P <.01), IL-10 (P <.01), and tumor necrosis factor-α (P <.01). Resistin level was not associated with insulin resistance, although it was positively correlated with serum triglycerides (P <.01) and negatively correlated with high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (P <.01). In multivariate analysis, GFR (β = -0.01; P <.001), IL-6 (β = 0.18; P <.001), IL-10 (β = 0.09; P =.01), and pubertal status (β = 0.18; P <.01) were significantly associated with serum resistin level. Conclusion: These results indicate that serum resistin level increases with GFR decline and is involved in the inflammatory milieu present in CKD. Copyright © 2012 Mosby Inc. ER  - 
Inflammatory and prothrombotic states in obese children of European descent; Adipose tissue may release mediators that induce a chronic inflammatory state and alterations in coagulation, which contribute to insulin resistance, atherosclerosis, and thrombosis. We investigated whether inflammatory and/or prothrombotic states exist in obese children and assessed their interrelationship. Sixty-one subjects were recruited, aged between 6 and 16 years, to participate in a cross-sectional study at Children's University Hospital of Geneva. Selected pro/anti-inflammatory cytokines/chemokines and hemostasis parameters were measured in obese children and lean controls. Cardiovascular risk factors in the family were indexed. Fasting glucose level, insulin, prothrombin time (PT), fibrinogen, activated partial thromboplastin time (aPTT), D-dimer, endogenous thrombin potential (ETP), C-reactive protein (CRP), interleukin-6 (IL-6), interleukin-10 (IL-10), interferon-γ- inducible-protein (IP-10), monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (MCP-1), and interleukin-1 receptor antagonist (IL-1Ra) were measured. We estimated insulin resistance by homeostatic model assessment (HOMA). Anti-(IL-1Ra) and proinflammatory cytokines (MCP-1, IL-6) were significantly increased in obese children in comparison to the control group, even before puberty. Hemostasis was also altered in obese children with a significantly increased fibrinogen level, increased D-dimer, a shortened PT, as well as an increased ETP. No correlation was found between cytokine levels and hemostasis parameters, except for IL-6 and fibrinogen. Obese children present with inflammatory and prothrombotic states as early as 6 years of age and these states are similar in prepubertal and pubertal obese children. The cytokines IL-1Ra and MCP-1 were most significantly increased in obese children. Further investigation is necessary to determine if these cytokines, together with ETP, can reliably predict the development of diabetes and atherosclerosis. © 2011 The Obesity Society. ER  - 
Effect of recombinant human growth hormone (rhGH) on hemoglobin concentration in children with idiopathic growth hormone deficiency-related anemia; Normocytic-normochromic anemia (NC/NC) has been attributed to impaired bone marrow erythropoiesis in growth hormone (GH)-deficient patients. Moreover, the GH/insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) axis has been implicated in erythropoiesis regulation. In this retrospective multicenter study, we evaluated the incidence of NC/NC anemia in 279 children (196 boys), median age 10.52 years, with isolated idiopathic GH deficiency, and the effect of recombinant human growth hormone (rhGH) therapy on hemoglobin levels. At 6-month intervals, we recorded the Hb standard deviation score (Hb-SDS), the IGF-1-SDS, weight, height, and pubertal stage. Forty-one boys and 7 girls had NC/NC anemia before starting substitutive therapy (-2.59 SD). The Hb-SDS was significantly increased (P<0.05) after 12 months of rhGH therapy. The effect of rhGH continued up to 48 months (-0.39 SD), at which point all children had normal hemoglobin values. In conclusion, rhGH therapy resulted in normal hemoglobin values in all children enrolled in the study. These data support the concept that the GH/IGF-1 axis promotes erythropoiesis in vivo. Copyright © 2012 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Elevated serum IL-6, IL-8, MCP-1, CRP, and IFN-γ levels in 10- to 11-year-old boys with increased BMI; Background/Aims: Many inflammation parameters are associated with obesity, but few comparable data are found in youth. This study aims to characterize the differences in serum levels of 13 biochemical inflammatory markers between boys with increased BMI and boys with normal BMI, and examine the relationships between inflammation markers, skinfold thicknesses, and body composition. Participants/Methods: The participants were 38 boys (BMI above 85th percentile) and 38 boys (normal BMI) at the age of 10-11 years. Measurements included BMI, 9 skinfold thicknesses, waist and hip circumferences, and total body and trunk fat mass and percentage as indices of obesity, fasting insulin, glucose, and serum concentrations of IL-2, IL-4, IL-6, IL-8, IL-10, VEGF, IFN-γ, TNF-α, IL-1α, IL-1β, monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1), epidermal growth factor, and CRP. Results: Overweight boys (OWB) were taller and more frequently in puberty than normal-weight boys (NWB). Skinfold thicknesses and body composition parameters were higher in OWB. They had significantly higher serum IL-6, IL-8, IFN-γ, MCP-1, and CRP values compared to NWB. Conclusions: Six of 13 measured biochemical markers were significantly increased in OWB, indicating that many low-grade inflammatory processes are already involved in the development of obesity in childhood. Copyright © 2012 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Is circulating osteocalcin related to adipokines and overweight/obesity in children and adolescents?; Background: Osteocalcin (OC) has recently been described to be involved in the regulation of glucose and energy metabolism. We aimed to evaluate whether or not OC serum levels were related to parameters of overweight and serum adipokine levels of healthy children and adolescents in dependence on gender and pubertal stage. Methods: In a cross sectional study (Leipzig Schoolchildren Project) 497 healthy, caucasian children and adolescents of all pubertal stages were included. We measured anthropometric data height, weight, fat mass, waist-to-hip ratio, pubertal development and performed biochemical analyses of osteocalcin, leptin, adiponectin and resistin serum levels by immunoassay. Results: OC serum levels were associated with pubertal development achieving peak values at Tanner stage 3. There was no significant association of OC serum levels with overweight and obesity as measured by BMI and WHR. In addition, OC demonstrated no significant association with serum levels of leptin and adiponectin but a negative association with resistin in both genders independent of pubertal stages (r= 0.329, p<0.0001). Conclusion: We conclude that there is no major relationship between OC and metabolism, but we can not exclude minor relations between OC and metabolism. The negative relationship with serum resistin levels might rather point to a link between OC and inflammatory states. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart · New York. ER  - 
Lipodystrophy among HIV-infected children and adolescents on highly active antiretroviral therapy in Uganda: A cross sectional study; Background: With widespread use of antiretroviral therapy (ART) and prolonged survival of HIV-infected children, toxicities like lipodystrophy are becoming more evident. Little is known about lipodystrophy in children in Uganda yet there is increased use of ART. The aim of this study was to determine the prevalence and factors associated with fat redistribution and metabolic abnormalities among HIV-infected children on highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART) in Uganda. Methods: A cross-sectional study of 364 HIV positive children aged between 2 and 18 years on ART were enrolled after consent and assent as appropriate. Sociodemographic, clinical and immunological data were collected and recorded in a questionnaire. Fat redistribution was assessed clinically for physical findings of lipohypertrophy and lipoatrophy. A fasting blood sample was taken for lipid profile and blood glucose analysis. Lipodystrophy was defined as presence of abnormal fat redistribution or metabolic abnormalities or both. The proportion of children with fat redistribution and metabolic abnormalities was calculated. We conducted multivariate analysis for factors associated with lipodystrophy among children with lipodystrophic features and those without. Results: The median age of the participants was eight years (range 2 to 18), with 43% of these aged ]10 years and a male to female ratio of 1.1:1. Majority (65%) had advanced HIV (WHO Stage III/IV) at ART initiation with a mean duration on ART of 3.8 years (91.2). The prevalence of fat redistribution and hyperlipidemia was 27.0% and 34.0%, respectively. None of the children had hyperglycaemia. Among the children with hyperlipidemia, 16.8% exhibited hypercholesterolemia and 83% had hypertriglyceridemia. Only 29% of children with fat redistribution had hyperlipidemia.We found significant association between fat redistribution and Tanner stages 2 to 5 OR-2.3 (95%CI 1.3 to 3.8), age]5 years OR-3.9 (95%CI 1.5 to 9.9) and d4T exposure OR-3.4 (95%CI 2.0 to 5.8). A Tanner stage 2 to 5 was independently associated with hyperlipidemia. No significant association was observed with HIV clinical stage and any of the anthropometric measurements. Conclusion: The prevalence of lipodystrophy is high among HIV-infected children on ART with a likelihood of developing fat redistribution and metabolic abnormalities increased during puberty. Copyright: © 2012 Piloya T et al; licensee International AIDS Society. ER  - 
CAG repeat polymorphism of androgen receptor gene and X-chromosome inactivation in daughters of women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS): Relationship with endocrine and metabolic parameters; Background: The polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a hyperandrogenic disorder that arise from a combination of genetic and environmental factors. Aim: To assess the role of the androgen receptor (AR) CAG repeat polymorphism in the metabolic and reproductive features in daughters of women with PCOS (PCOSd). Methods: Sixty-seven PCOSd and 60 daughters of control women (Cd) were studied in early stages of sexual development. Sex steroids, glucose, insulin and lipids were determined. The AR CAG repeat sizes and X-chromosome inactivation (XCI) were analyzed. Results: PCOSd and Cd had similar mean number of CAG repeats and XCI pattern. In PCOSd and Cd, methylation-weighted biallelic means CAGn (mwCAGn) was not associated with androgen levels. In infants and pubertal PCOSd, mwCAGn was associated with a low concentration of HDL-cholesterol. Conclusions: AR CAG repeat polymorphism appears to be unrelated with serum androgen levels. However, the short mwCAGn variant may have a possible impact on the lipid profile in PCOSd. © 2012 Informa UK, Ltd. ER  - 
Intramyocellular lipid is associated with visceral adiposity, markers of insulin resistance, and cardiovascular risk in prepubertal children: The EPOCH study; Context: The intramyocellular deposition of lipid associates with metabolic dysregulation in adolescents and adults. Relatively little is known about the deposition of fat in muscle before the onset of puberty. Objective: Our objective was to describe the relationship between intramyocellular lipid (IMCL) accumulation and 1) visceral adiposity and 2) markers of insulin resistance and cardiovascular disease risk in a cohort of prepubertal and early pubertal children. Study Design: Data were collected as part of a retrospective cohort study, Exploring Perinatal Outcomes among Children (EPOCH). Multiple linear regression models were constructed for data analysis. Results: A total of 441 children participated in the study (226 prepubertal, 215 early pubertal). In prepubertal children, there was a significant relationship between IMCL and visceral fat (parameter estimate 0.019, P = 0.002) that remained after controlling for body mass index. Independent of overall adiposity, in all children, IMCL was associated with the triglyceride to high-density lipoprotein ratio (parameter estimate 0.1418, P = 0.002). Conclusions: This study demonstrates a concerning and related pattern of IMCL and visceral fat deposition in prepubertal children. Intramuscular fat deposition is linked to markers of insulin resistance and cardiovascular disease risk. Copyright © 2012 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Physical activity is related to insulin sensitivity in children and adolescents, independent of adiposity: A review of the literature; In adults, there is evidence that physical activity effectively improves insulin sensitivity regardless of adiposity. Whether this is also the case in children and adolescents is less clear. Clarifying this matter may help to identify the best outcomes to target in exercise programs for these age groups, where changes in adiposity may not always be desirable or realistic. A review of the literature was conducted on studies that examined the relationships of physical activity, cardiorespiratory fitness and strength with insulin sensitivity independent of adiposity in children and adolescents. Experimental (intervention) and correlational (longitudinal and cross-sectional) studies on participants ages 18years and younger were identified. A total of 42 studies were included in this review. Sample sizes in the studies ranged from 14 to 4955 participants, with individual ages ranging from 5 to 19years. A significant relationship with insulin sensitivity existed in 78% of studies on physical activity, 69% of studies on cardiorespiratory fitness and 66% of studies on strength. In studies that examined both physical activity and cardiorespiratory fitness concurrently, evidence suggests that they are both correlated with insulin sensitivity independent of adiposity, especially when physical activity is at higher intensities. However, the strength of this relationship might be influenced by study design, measurement techniques and participant characteristics. This is the first review of its type to take research design into account and to examine study outcomes according to participant ethnicity, gender, age, pubertal status and weight status. © 2012 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Whether age of menarche is influenced by body mass index and lipoproteins profile? A retrospective study; Background: Menarche, a milestone in the reproductive life span of a woman, is influenced by several genetics and environmental factors. There is no consensus regarding the impact of body mass index (BMI) and lipid profiles on the age of menarche, as the results of various studies demonstrate. Objective: To investigate the correlation between age of menarche and BMI/lipoprotein profile in a community sample of Iranian girls. Materials and Methods: In the study, 370 girls, aged 10-16 years, who began their menarche within six months prior to the study, were recruited from the Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study (TLGS) population. Information was documented regarding their body composition, including height, weight, BMI, waist and hip circumference were collected and their lipid profiles were assessed after a 12-hour fast. Results: In this study, the mean±SD of age of menarche and BMI were 12.6±1.1 years and 21.7±3.9 kg/m2, respectively. There were statistically significant relationships between age of menarche and height, BMI, waist circumference, and the maternal educational level. The relationship between age of menarche and the weight and lipid profiles of subjects was not statistically significant. Conclusion: Age at menarche is not influenced by lipid profiles but it is influenced by BMI. ER  - 
Soluble fatty acid synthase relates to bone biomarkers in prepubertal children; Summary Circulating soluble fatty acid synthase (FASN, a key enzyme in de novo biosynthesis of fatty acids, expressed in both adipocytes and osteoblasts) is clinically related to a less favorable bone profile in healthy prepubertal children. Soluble FASN may participate in the reciprocal regulation between fat and bone metabolism. Introduction Fatty acid synthase (FASN), a key enzyme in de novo biosynthesis of fatty acids, is expressed in adipocytes and osteoblasts. We hypothesized that FASN may participate in the crosstalk between fat and bone. To this aim, we studied the relation between circulating soluble FASN (an extracellular FASN that reflects previously intracellular enzymatic activity) and adipose tissue and bone biomarkers in prepubertal children. Methods Circulating soluble FASN, total and high molecular weight (HMW) adiponectin, bone biomarkers [osteocalcin (OC), uncarboxylated osteocalcin (ucOC), Cterminal cross-linked telopeptide of type I collagen (CTX), bone-specific alkaline phosphatase (BSAP)], and a profile of energy metabolism [body fat, insulin resistance and secretion (HOMA), serum lipids] were assessed in 84 asymptomatic prepubertal children (44 girls, 40 boys, age 6.8 ± 0.1 year). Serum 25-OH Vitamin D (Vit D) was additionally measured. Results Circulating soluble FASN increased with increasing HMW adiponectin (r = 0.29, p = 0.01) and decreasing serum Vit D (r = -0.21, p < 0.05), and was related to a less favorable bone profile, showing negative associations with bone-derived metabolic parameters [total OC (r = -0.33, p = 0.002) and ucOC (r = -0.37, p < 0.0001)] and a positive association with the CTX-to-BSAP ratio (r =0.31,p <0.01). These correlations were not explained by age, gender, body fat, insulin resistance or secretion or serum lipids; however, they were predominant in those subjects with Vit D levels below the population median. Conclusions Circulating soluble FASN relates to both adipose tissue and bone biomarkers in prepubertal children, with associations that are dependent on Vit D concentrations. These findings suggest that FASN may participate in the crosstalk between fat and bone metabolism. © 2012 International Osteoporosis Foundation and National Osteoporosis Foundation. ER  - 
Muscular strength and markers of insulin resistance in European adolescents: The HELENA Study; The aim of the study was to examine the association of muscular strength with markers of insulin resistance in European adolescents. The study comprised a total of 1,053 adolescents (499 males; 12.5-17.5 years) from ten European cities participating in the Healthy Lifestyle in Europe by Nutrition in Adolescence (HELENA) Cross-Sectional Study. Muscular strength was measured by the handgrip strength and standing long jump tests. Cardiorespiratory fitness was measured by the 20-m shuttle run test. Fasting insulin and glucose were measured and the homeostasis model assessment (HOMA) and quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI) indices were calculated. Weight, height, waist circumference and skinfold thickness were measured, and body mass index (BMI) was calculated. In males, the handgrip strength and standing long jump tests were negatively associated with fasting insulin and HOMA (all P < 0.05) after controlling for pubertal status, country and BMI or waist circumference. When skinfold thickness was included in the model, the association became non-signiWcant. In females, the standing long jump test was negatively associated with fasting insulin and HOMA (all P < 0.001) after controlling for pubertal status, country and surrogate markers of total or central body fat (BMI, waist circumference or skinfold thickness). Findings were retained in males, but not in females after controlling for cardiorespiratory fitness. The findings of the present study suggest that preventive strategies should focus not only on decreasing fatness and increasing cardiorespiratory fitness but also on enhancing muscular strength. © Springer-Verlag 2011. ER  - 
Serum IGF-I in middle age covaries with reproductive life-history traits in british men and women; Objectives: The growth hormone/insulin-like growth factor-I (GH/IGF-I) axis may be an important component of individual life-history variation. This study examined whether IGF-I levels covary with reproductive life-history traits in a long-term British cohort study (the National Child Development Study). Methods: Using data on up to 5,252 individuals (2,431 men and 2,821 women) born in March 1958, relationships of serum IGF-I at age 45 with pubertal age, time to pregnancy (TTP), age at first reproduction (AFR), and lifetime reproductive success (LRS) were analyzed using general linear models. Results: IGF-I showed modest non-linear associations with pubertal age, being low in women who first menstruated, and men whose voice broke, in the oldest respective age categories. In women, but not men, IGF-I was negatively related to TTP. IGF-I was positively associated with AFR in both sexes and tended to be negatively related to LRS in women only. Some, but not all, relationships were attenuated after controlling for multiple potential confounders. Conclusion: These results are consistent with the hypothesis that the GH/IGF-I axis partially underlies individual variance in reproductive outcomes, through either direct endocrine effects on reproductive function or behavior, indirect effects on other traits, or a combination of the above. Several limitations of this study include the late age at which blood samples were collected and the difficulty of disentangling social and biological factors contributing to the traits studied. © 2012 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. ER  - 
Early Seroconversion and rapidly increasing autoantibody concentrations predict prepubertal manifestation of type 1 diabetes in Children at genetic risk; Aims/hypothesis: The aim of the study was to investigate the timing of the appearance of autoantibodies associated with type 1 diabetes between birth and puberty, the natural fate of these autoantibodies and the predictive power of autoantibody concentrations for early progression to clinical diabetes. Methods: Children were recruited to the Type 1 Diabetes Prediction and Prevention Project, an ongoing study based on HLA-conferred genetic risk. Autoantibodies against islet cells, insulin, GAD65 and islet antigen 2 were analysed at 3-12 month intervals, starting from birth. Results: During the follow-up, 1,320 children (18.4% of the cohort of 7,165 children) were autoantibody positive in at least one sample. Altogether, 184 autoantibody-positive children progressed to type 1 diabetes. Seroconversion occurred at an early age in the progressors (median 1.5 years), among whom 118 (64%) and 150 (82%) seroconverted to autoantibody positivity before the age of 2 and 3 years, respectively. The incidence of seroconversion peaked at 1 year of age. Compared with other autoantibody-positive children, the median autoantibody levels were already markedly higher 3 to 6 months after the seroconversion in children who later progressed to diabetes. Conclusions/interpretation: Early initiation of autoimmunity and rapid increases in autoantibody titres strongly predict progression to overt diabetes before puberty, emphasising the importance of early life events in the development of type 1 diabetes. © Springer-Verlag 2012. ER  - 
Association Between Puberty and Features of Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease; Background & Aims: Physiological changes that occur during puberty might affect pathologic features of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). We investigated associations between pubertal development and clinical and histopathologic features of NAFLD. Methods: We studied 186 children (age <18 years, 143 boys) with biopsy-proven NAFLD. The population was divided into 3 groups on the basis of Tanner stage (prepuberty, puberty, and postpuberty). Clinical characteristics and histologic features were compared among groups. Multivariable regression models were used to adjust for potential confounders. Results: After adjusting for other factors, hyperuricemia and low levels of high-density-lipoprotein cholesterol were more prevalent among children who entered puberty with lower levels of quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (P < .05). The degree of steatosis, numbers of Mallory-Denk bodies, and diagnostic categories of NAFLD differed among groups (P < .05). There were potential sex differences in associations between stages of puberty and lobular inflammation, hepatocyte ballooning, and borderline steatohepatitis of zone 3; these were therefore not included in multivariable analyses of the overall population. After adjustment for different sets of confounders, patients at or beyond puberty were less likely to have high-grade steatosis, severe portal inflammation, borderline steatohepatitis (zone 1), or a high stage of fibrosis than patients who had not entered puberty (P < .05). On the contrary, the prevalence of Mallory-Denk body was greater among postpuberty subjects (P = .06). Conclusions: Steatosis, portal inflammation, and fibrosis are less severe during or after puberty than before puberty among subjects with NAFLD. Postpubescent individuals have a lower prevalence of borderline steatohepatitis of zone 1 but are more likely to have Mallory-Denk bodies. These findings indicate that puberty affects the pathologic features of NAFLD. © 2012 AGA Institute. ER  - 
Quantitative Ultrasound Bone Measurements in Pre-Pubertal Children with Type 1 Diabetes; This case-control study aimed to assess bone status in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM). Fifty-seven pre-pubertal patients (37 boys, aged 7.9 ± 2.5 years, T1DM duration 3.1 ± 1.6 years) and 171 age-matched healthy controls (111 boys) were studied. Quantitative ultrasound (QUS) was used to measure amplitude dependent speed of sound (Ad-SoS) at hand phalanges (expressed as standard deviation score [SDS]). Anthropometric and disease-related data (including mean HbA1c from whole T1DM duration [T], last year [Y], examination day [D]) were collected. Mean Ad-SoS SDS in patients -0.13 ± 1.32 (95% confidence interval [CI] -0.48, 0.22) was similar to that of controls. Subgroups discriminated according to HbA1c D, Y and T (cut-off 7.0%) did not differ regarding analyzed parameters. In patients, Ad-SoS SDS was comparable for both genders. Multivariable stepwise regression analysis showed significant negative influence of diabetes duration on Ad-SoS SDS. QUS findings in pre-pubertal children with T1DM do not differ from those in healthy children. Disease duration seems to affect negatively Ad-SoS SDS. However, independent prospective studies are needed to elucidate the true associations. © 2012 World Federation for Ultrasound in Medicine & Biology. ER  - 
Prevention of endometriosis: Is it possible?; Endometriosis appears as a multicausal disease but little is known about its exact etiology. Lifestyle factors that increase the number of menstrual events such as nulliparity, lower parity, shorter menstrual cycle length and earlier menarche have been associated with the disease. The risk of endometriosis appears to rise with greater lifetime number of ovulatory cycles. Moreover, it has been demonstrated that endometriomas develop from follicles immediately after ovulation, and by direct transition from haemorrhagic corpora lutea. Women across all socioeconomic levels have endometriosis, the lower the socioeconomic level of the women, the greater the difficulty in obtaining an endometriosis diagnosis. Even among higher socioeconomic levels, there is a delay of almost 10 years between onset of symptoms and diagnosis. There is some more convincing evidence regarding a genetic component for the disease. The specific genes involved, however, have yet to be identified. Overall, there is a general consensus that the epidemiological profile of endometriosis and the surrounding causes have yet to be clarified. Since combined oral contraceptives (OCs) suppress ovulation and reduce menstrual blood flow, pills can be used in the prevention of endometriosis. Progestins not only inhibit expression of matrix metalloproteinases and angiogenesis, reduce anti-inflammatory effects and the consequent immune response, also increase the apoptotic activity of the endometrium which is known to be abnormally low in women with endometriosis, thereby prevent implantation and growth of regurgitated endometrium. Reducing endometriosis risk by OCs has been suggested repeatedly but there is still no consensus on its potential protective role. Moreover, it has been claimed that OC's might even act as a rescue factor for regurgitated endometrial glands that would otherwise undergo resorption in hypo-estrogenic environment, thus increasing the risk of the disease. Indeed, in castrated female monkeys seeded endometrial glands survive only if estradiol and/or progesterone are supplemented. Based on the results of a systematic review and meta-analysis, OC exposure appears to decrease the risk of endometriosis in current users, but potentially to increase it in previous users. Heterogeneity across studies, publication bias, poor methodological design, inadequate analysis, differences in underlying risk are several potential sources of discrepancies observed in studies which evaluated the relationship between past OC use and endometriosis. Nevertheless, data from cohort studies have consistently demonstrated a 43% protective effect of current OC use (95% CI, 20-60%), whereas previous use seems to increase the risk. In a large cohort study (the Oxford Family Planning Association study), the rate of endometriosis was lower among current or recent users than never users (RR 0.4, 95% CI 0.2-0.7), whereas women who had stopped the pill much earlier (2-4 years) had a higher risk (RR 1.8, 95% CI 1.0-3.1). To make the long story short, one can claim that the risk of endometriosis is reduced only among current (or recent) OC users, whereas ovulatory cycle-associated risk of endometriosis seems greatest among never users of OCs, and any causal inference is hampered by the question of indication bias, apart from the absence of a duration/risk relationship. Nutritional factors are one of the proposed risk factors. Women with an increased body mass index have more irregular menstrual cycles and increased rates of anovulatory infertility. Overweight women have been suggested to be at lower risk of endometriosis. Women with a high fatty acid intake are less likely to undergo a laparoscopy since a high fatty acid intake can reduce menstrual pain therefore diagnosis of endometriosis would be less. It has been suggested that intake of fruit and green vegetables decrease (containing antioxidants which are important in the function of the immune system and in fighting free radical damage, also its fibre content increases estrogen excretion and controls intestinal flora), whereas ham, beef and other red meat increase (high fat intake increases estrogen concentration, also promotes formation of pro-inflammatory prostaglandins, red meat is also a source of dioxin and other endocrine dysruptors like DES) the risk of endometriosis. The literature on diet and endometriosis is sparse and inconsistent. Diet and dysmenorrhea have been more in focus. Fish oil has the potential to reduce PGE2 & PGF2a concentrations (twice as high in menstrual blood from dysmenorheic than eumenorrheic women), fish consumption could be a possible risk-reducing factor. For all other food items, results are diverse. Few modifiable, protective risk factors have been identified. Regular exercise has been associated with a 40%-80% reduction in risk for endometriosis compared with women who were not regular exercisers. On the other hand, inactivity has not been found to be associated with endometriosis. Physical activity has been hypothesized to be protective since endometriosis is an estrogen-dependent disease and physical activity may increase levels of sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG), which would reduce bioavailable estrogens. Intense exercise has also been related to disruption of the hypothalamo- pituitary-ovarian axis leading to hypoestrogenism which explains the reduced risk of estrogen-dependent diseases such as endometriosis. Increased physical activity also reduces insulin resistance and hyperinsulinemia, which has been hypothesized to be related to endometriosis. Clearly, the immune system is involved in endometriosis. The prevalence of rheumatoid arthritis, systemic lupus erythematosus, hypo- or hyperthyroidism, multiple sclerosis, psoriasis, non-Hodgkin lymphomas is higher in women with endometriosis. Because immunomodulation could be the key to finding more effective treatment for endometriosis, numerous studies have been done to achieve this. In animal studies, systemic prophylaxis with BCG caused an inhibitory effect on endometrial transplantation. In humans, preliminary results with the antitumor vaccine RESAN (a complex of molecules extracted from xenogenic tissues containing glycoproteins, peptides and carbohydrate fragments of more than 40 different common tumor antigens) seem to be promising. After vaccination with RESAN, a reduction in endometriosis induction from 69.6% to 4.3% was obtained in the rat model. RESAN seems to be effective in both the prophylaxis and treatment of endometriosis, as well as in the prophylaxis of adhesions. Statins reduce rate of endometrial stromal growth, interfere with the development and attachment of endometriotic implants, reduce angiogenesis, also protect from development of endometriosis by virtue of their antiinflammatory and antioxidant properties. Considering its safety and minimal side effects, use of statins in treatment of endometriosis holds promise. 'Barker hypothesis' states that some adult diseases may in fact originate from a suboptimal environment during fetal life. Some environmental exposure occurring in utero may play a role in the pathogenesis of many metabolic, endocrine, anatomic abnormalities including endometriosis. Incidence rates of diagnosis of laparoscopically confirmed endometriosis have been found to be inversely associated with birthweight (%30 for women with birth weight < 2,5 kg), 80% greater among women exposed to DES, 70% greater among women who were one of a multiple birth. Having been breastfed (especially long-term) has also shown an inverse association with endometriosis. It is possible that an environmental or genetic factor that affects birthweight is also associated with the risk of endometriosis. It is also possible that low birthweight followed by a rapid increase in body mass during early infancy is the real endometriosis risk. Women diagnosed with laparoscopically-visualized endometriosis have been found to have a lower body mass index (leaner body habitus) from adolescence through diagnosis suggesting an in utero or early childhood origin for endometriosis. Exposure to DES in utero has been associated with cervical stenosis, uterine smooth muscle abnormalities, and altered estrogen receptor expression in both mice and women. The rate of endometriosis has been shown to be greatest among women with low birthweight, those who were exposed to DES in utero, and those who are one of a multiple birth, in a group of premenopausal registered nurses. The relation between DES exposure and endometriosis may result from a combined effect of increased retrograde menstruation, immune dysfunction, and exogenous estrogen exposure. This could also be due to detection bias, because women known to have been exposed may receive heightened medical care-particularly among those with gynecologic symptoms or infertility. Despite its etiology remaining speculative, increasing evidence supports a role of environmental chemicals in the development of endometriosis, particularly dioxin, polychlorinated dibenzodioxins and polychlorinated dibenzo furans, polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and phthalates (plasticizers frequently found in personal care products). Studies have found increased risk of endometriosisassociated infertility among workers exposed to formaldehyde, video display terminals, chemical dusts, or organic solvents; and among workers in agricultural industries and occupations, in particular farmworkers. Having ever worked as a flight attendant, service station attendant, or health worker, particularly as a nurse or health aide, is associated with increased risk of endometriosis (flight attendant: OR 9.80, 95% CI 1.08 - 89.02; service station attendant: OR 5.77, 95% CI 1.03 -32.43; health worker: OR 1.49, 95% CI 1.03 - 2.15). ER  - 
Favorable impact of growth hormone treatment on cholesterol levels in turner syndrome; Background: Patients with Turner syndrome (TS) are prone to having metabolic abnormalities, such as obesity, dyslipidemia, hypertension, hyperinsulinemia and type 2 diabetes mellitus, resulting in increased risks of developing atherosclerotic diseases. Objective: To determine the effect of growth hormone (GH) therapy on serum cholesterol levels in prepubertal girls with TS enrolled in the Turner syndrome Research Collaboration (TRC) in Japan. Patients and methods: Eighty-one girls with TS were enrolled in the TRC, and their total cholesterol (TC) levels before GH therapy were compared with reported levels of healthy school-aged Japanese girls. TC levels after 1, 2 and 3 yr of GH treatment were available for 28 of the 81 patients with TS. GH was administered by daily subcutaneous injections, 6 or 7 times/wk, with a weekly dose of 0.35 mg/kg body weight. Results: Baseline TC levels revealed an age-related increase in TS that was in contrast to healthy girls showing unchanged levels. During GH therapy, TC decreased significantly after 1 yr of GH treatment and remained low thereafter. Conclusions: Girls with untreated TS showed an age-related increase in TC that was a striking contrast to healthy girls, who showed unchanged levels. GH therapy in girls with TS brought about a favorable change in TC that indicates the beneficial impact of GH on atherogenic risk. © 2012 by The Japanese Society for Pediatric Endocrinology. ER  - 
The prevalence and correlates of breast cancer among women in Eastern China; The purpose was to investigate the prevalence rate, characteristics and related factors of breast cancer among women in Eastern China. A total of 122,058 female subjects completed the study, with 320 confirmed cases of breast cancer (crude prevalence: 262.5/100,000; standardized prevalence: 207.7/100,000). Among all of the identified breast cancer cases, 91.6% were diagnosed after the age of 35 and 60.0% were diagnosed before menopause. The odds ratios (95% confidence interval) of those breast cancer risk factors as selected through multivariate logistic regression were as follows: 5.438 (1.553-19.004) for family history of breast cancer, 3.556 (1.880-6.728) for high behavior intervention score, 3.556 (0.904-13.994) for history of diabetes, 3.357 (1.131-9.969) for history of benign breast tumors, 2.196 (1.355-3.556) for poor overall life satisfaction, 1.826 (0.995-3.350) for premenopause of breast cancer, 1.528 (1.083-2.155) for high BMI index, 1.500 (0.920-2.446) for poor financial status, 1.497 (1.014-2.211) for multiple miscarriages/abortions, and 1.231 (0.972-1.559) for infrequent consumption of garlic (frequent garlic consumption is a protective factor). There were significantly more cases of breast cancer diagnosed prior to menopause than after menopause, and most of the patients were diagnosed after the age of 35. These findings suggest that attention should be focused on the incidence of breast cancer among premenopausal women older than 35. © 2012 Yu et al. ER  - 
Mendelian randomization study of the association of age at menarche and type 2 diabetes; Evidence suggests that early age at menarche increases the risk of type 2 diabetes (T2D), but findings may be confounded by early life events. We used a Mendelian randomization approach to test the causal association of early age at menarche with T2D using a genetic risk score (GRS) as an instrumental variable to represent menarche. We hypothesized that higher GRS would be associated with risk of T2D. We included 4,921 women of European ancestry aged 45-65 who participated in the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities (ARIC) Study during 1987-1989. Women missing genetic or baseline diabetes information were excluded. We calculated the GRS as the sum of the risk alleles for 42 early menarche-associated SNPs that were identified in a genome-wide association study by the CHARGEReproGen consortium. T2D was defined based on self-reported diagnosis, fasting glucose ≥126 mg/dl, non-fasting glucose ≥200 mg/dl, or use of diabetes medication. Logistic regression evaluated the association of early menarche GRS (continuous) and prevalent T2D (yes/no). We identified 373 prevalent T2D cases. Mean age at menarche was 12.9 years (SD = 1.6) and mean GRS was 41.3 (SD = 3.9). Each 1 SD higher GRS was associated with a 10.9-week younger age at menarche (P < 0.001). Each 1-year younger age at menarche was associated with 13% higher odds of T2D (odds ratio [OR] = 1.13, 95% CI 1.05-1.21). Odds of T2D were 10% higher (OR = 1.10, 95% CI 0.99-1.22) for each 1 SD higher GRS, greater than the expected OR of 1.03 based on the GRS/menarche and menarche/ diabetes associations. Our results using a GRS as an instrumental variable suggest a weak association of early menarche with T2D in middle age adults. ER  - 
Parity and glycated hemoglobin in chinese singaporean women; The association between parity and cardiometabolic disease risk in women has been studied primarily in Western populations, with inconsistent findings. Glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) is a strong predictor of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease; however, only one study appears to have reported findings on the association between parity and HbA1c. We examined the association between parity and HbA1c in a prospective cohort study of Chinese women in Singapore, aged 45-74 at enrollment (1993- 1998), who did not have a history of diabetes (n = 2,962). HbA1c was measured from blood collected at visit 2 (1999-2004). Parity was defined as the number of live births reported at baseline. Multivariable generalized linear models were used to compute least squares means and 95% confidence intervals (CI) for HbA1c across levels of parity, and were adjusted for age, interview year, dialect, menarche age, smoking status, education, oral contraceptive use, menopausal status, hormone therapy use, physical activity and baseline body mass index (BMI). There was evidence of a positive linear association between parity and HbA1c. In a multivariable adjusted model without BMI, a one category increment in parity was associated with a 0.04% (95% CI: 0.01%-0.06%; P = 0.01) higher HbA1c. This was attenuated slightly, but remained statistically significant, after additional adjustment for BMI (Δ HbA1c = 0.03%; 95% CI: 0.001%-0.06%; P = 0.04). These data suggest parity may be positively associated with HbA1c, even after adjustment for BMI later in life. This association may be explained by hormonal and metabolic changes during or following pregnancy, as well as unmeasured socioeconomic or lifestyle risk factors. ER  - 
Wrist breadth as a marker of insulin resistance in youth; Insulin resistance (IR) is the central driver of metabolic dysfunction in children; thus, identifying easy-to-measure markers of IR in children is important for primordial prevention of cardiometabolic diseases later in life. Recently, wrist circumference was found to be associated with IR after adjusting for body mass index (BMI) in overweight/obese Italian children. To investigate whether wrist breadth (in lieu of circumference) was associated with homeostasis model assessment of IR (HOMA-IR) in youth from a general population, independent of adiposity measures, we used serial data (1,051 total measures) on 313 European-American youth (ages 8 - 18 y) from the Fels Longitudinal Study. Internal standard deviation (SD) score for wrist breadth was evaluated as a predictor of HOMA-IR (log-transformed) before and after adjusting for BMI, waist circumference (WC), and total fat from dual energy x-ray absorptiometry SD scores in separate models using generalized estimating equations. We specified an exchangeable correlation structure for the serial measurement and adjusted all models for age, sex, and Tanner stage. Before adiposity adjustment, we found a statistically significant (P < 0.0001) positive association between wrist breadth and HOMA-IR (β = 0.13; 95% CI: 0.09-0.18). This association remained significant after adjusting for either total body fat (β = 0.09; 95% CI: 0.06-0.13; P < 0.001), BMI (β = 0.06; 95% CI: 0.02-0.10; P = 0.002), or WC (β = 0.06; 95% CI: 0.02-0.10; P = 0.002). In youth from a general population, wrist breadth was associated with HOMA-IR, independent of adiposity measures. Prospective studies are needed to determine if wrist bone or other measures in youth improve prediction of IR and cardiometabolic diseases into adulthood. ER  - 
Prospective longitudinal evaluation of the relationship between changes in mandibular length and blood-spot IGF-1 measurements; Introduction: The purpose of this study was to develop the use of a biologic marker, insulin-like growth factor (IGF-1), as an indicator for the timing and intensity of mandibular growth. This was done by measuring annual changes in mandibular length and studying how they relate to blood-spot IGF-1 measurements and cervical stages. Methods: Twenty-five patients (12 female, 13 male) from an orthodontic population were longitudinally evaluated for annual IGF-1 level, cervical stage, and mandibular length. The patients' follow-up periods ranged between 1 and 5 years. A total of 43 annual time intervals were gathered (17 female, 26 male). Annual mandibular growth was related to changes in blood-spot IGF-1 levels over each observation period. Results: When the whole sample was pooled into 1 group, we found a statistically significant mild to moderate correlation between the percentages of change in mandibular length and in IGF-1 levels (r = 0.4, P = 0.008). When the sample was divided based on whether the IGF-1 levels were increasing or decreasing at each yearly interval, the group with ascending IGF-1 levels had significantly more mandibular growth than did the group with descending IGF-1 levels (3.5 and 1.3 mm, respectively; P = 0.026). The ascending group had a moderate to high correlation between average IGF-1 levels and the amount of mandibular growth for each observation period. Observation periods with ascending IGF-1 levels and an average level greater than 250 μg per liter had significantly greater annual mandibular growth than did the rest of the patients with ascending IGF-1 levels (5.6 and 2.1 mm, respectively). Conclusions: Blood-spot IGF-1 testing is a promising tool for predicting the timing and the intensity of the mandibular growth spurt without the restrictions involved with radiographic techniques for assessing skeletal maturity. More research is necessary to validate these results in a different population by using more advanced imaging tools and a larger sample size. The relationship between IGF-1 levels and mandibular growth after the pubertal growth spurt is not fully understood. © 2012 by the American Association of Orthodontists. ER  - 
Changes in treatment adherence and glycemic control during the transition to adolescence in type 1 diabetes; OBJECTIVE - To test models of unidirectional and bidirectional change between treatment adherence and glycemic control in youth with type 1 diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - We conducted a 2-year longitudinal, multisite study of 225 youth with type 1 diabetes recruited at the cusp of adolescence (aged 9-11 years) to describe the mutual influences of glycemic control as measured by HbA1c and treatment adherence as measured by blood glucose monitoring frequency (BGMF) during the transition to adolescence. RESULTS - HbA1c increased from 8.2 to 8.6% (P < 0.001) and BGMF decreased from 4.9 to 4.5 checks per day (P < 0.02) during the 2-year period. Changes in the BGMF slope predicted changes in HbA1c. A change (increase) in HbA1c was associated with a change (decrease) in BGMF of 1.26 (P < 0.001) after controlling for covariates. CONCLUSIONS - The magnitude of the effect of declining treatment adherence (BGMF) on glycemic control in young adolescents may be even greater than declines observed among older adolescents. BGMF offers a powerful tool for targeted management of glycemic control for type 1 diabetes during the critical transition to adolescence. © 2012 by the American Diabetes Association. ER  - 
How are physical activity, fitness, and sedentary behavior associated with insulin sensitivity in children?; OBJECTIVE - To describe the associations among moderate-to-vigorous physical activity (MVPA), fitness, sedentary behavior (SB), and insulin sensitivity (IS). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - Data were drawn from the baseline assessment of the QUALITY cohort, which included 630 white youth (aged 8-10 years at recruitment), with at least one obese biological parent. IS was measured by two fasting indices (insulin, homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance) and an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT)-based index (Matsuda IS index [Matsuda-ISI]). Fitness was measured by VO2peak; percent fat mass (PFM) was measured by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry; 7-day MVPA was measured with accelerometry. SB indicators included average hours daily of self-report screen time (SBst), and average minutes daily at <100 counts/min from accelerometry (SBacc). Multivariable linear regression models were adjusted for age, sex, season, and puberty. RESULTS - MVPA and SBacc were independently associated with IS, but this was no longer statistically significant after accounting for PFM. SBst was negatively associated with IS in girls only, even after controlling for physical activity (PA), fitness, and adiposity; for each additional hour of SBst daily, IS decreased by 4.6-5.6% across all IS indices. Fitness was positively associated with IS (measured by Matsuda-ISI) after accounting for PA, SB, and PFM; for every 1 unit increase in VO2peak, Matsuda-ISI increased by approximately 1.0% (P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS - In children with an obese parent, PA and SBacc are associated with IS, but this association is mediated by adiposity. SBst is negatively associated with IS in girls, beyond its known impact on adiposity. Finally, fitness is independently associated with better IS measured by OGTT. © 2012 by the American Diabetes Association. ER  - 
Serum levels of receptors for advanced glycation end products in normal-weight and obese children born small and large for gestational age; OBJECTIVE - To assess potential alterations in soluble and endogenous secretory receptors for advanced glycation end products (sRAGE and esRAGE) in normal-weight (NW) and obese (Ob) children born small (SGA) and large (LGA) compared with appropriate for gestational age (AGA) subjects and to explore if birth weight (BW), insulin resistance (IR), and obesity represent independent risk factors. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - We categorized 130 prepubertal children into six groups according to BW and obesity and evaluated sRAGE, esRAGE, and homeostasis model assessment of IR. RESULTS - sRAGE and esRAGE were lower in Ob SGA and LGA children than Ob AGA subjects (all P < 0.05), and in NW SGA and LGA children than NW AGA subjects (all P < 0.05). Interestingly, BW and IR were significantly and independently related to RAGE. CONCLUSIONS - sRAGE and esRAGE are decreased in SGA and LGA children, and BW and IR seem to play an important role in the reduction of RAGE. © 2012 by the American Diabetes Association. ER  - 
Fibroblast Growth Factor 21 (FGF-21) and its relation to obesity, metabolic syndrome, and nonalcoholic fatty liver in children: A longitudinal analysis; Context: Fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF-21), a potent activator of glucose uptake, has been proposed to be related to insulin resistance, metabolic syndrome (MetS), nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), and weight status. Objective: Our objective was to study the relationships between FGF-21, parameters of MetS, and NAFLD before and after weight loss in obese children. Design and Setting: This was a cross-sectional comparison between obese and normal-weight children and longitudinal 1-yr follow-up study in obese children participating in a lifestyle intervention in a primary care setting. Patients: Patients included 60 obese and 40 lean children of same age, gender, and pubertal stage. Intervention: The outpatient 1-yr intervention program was based on exercise, behavior, and nutrition therapy. Main Outcomes Measures: We evaluated fasting serum FGF-21, weight status [body mass index (BMI) expressed as SD score (SDS)], body fat, insulin resistance index (homeostasis model assessment), leptin, transaminases, free fatty acids (FFA), waist circumference, blood pressure, and lipids.Results: Compared with the normal-weight children, obese children demonstrated significantly (P < 0.001) increased FGF-21, leptin, and homeostasis model assessment levels. FGF-21 was significantly (P < 0.05) correlated to BMI, SDS-BMI, FFA, and leptin both in cross-sectional and longitudinal analyses but not to any additional analyzed parameter. Children with and without MetS or NAFLD did not differ significantly with respect to their FGF-21 concentrations. A decrease of SDS-BMI was associated with a significant (P = 0.038) decrease of FGF-21 levels (mean -34%). Conclusions: FGF-21 concentrations are reversibly increased in obese children and are related to leptin and FFA. However, our data do not support a significant relationship between FGF-21, insulin resistance, and features of MetS or NAFLD in children. Copyright © 2012 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Assessment of diastolic function in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus - Are there early signs of diabetic cardiomyopathy?; Objectives: To evaluate diastolic function (DF) of children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus (DM1). Subjects and methods: Cross-sectional study of 67 otherwise healthy diabetic patients, and a control group (n = 84) in regard to age, sex, body mass index (BMI), Dopplerechocardiography, and ECG for both groups; and disease duration, HbA1C, microalbuminuria, and serum lipids for DM 1 patients. Results: Diastolic alterations [(A and E mitral waves, E/A ratio, isovolumic relaxation time (IVRT) and E wave deceleration time (EWDT)] were found in diabetic patients, with higher prevalence among pubertal girls (13-17 years old). IVRT and EWDT correlated positively with BMI (p = 0.028). Chronological age and disease duration were predictive factors for mitral A wave (p = 0.004 and 0.033, respectively). Conclusions: DF alterations were detected in the group of diabetic patients, with greater prevalence among pubertal girls; disease duration and age influenced parameters of DF. © ABE&M todos os direitos reservados. ER  - 
Endocrine and metabolic disorders in β-thalassemia major patients; Background: Thalassemia is the most common hereditary anemia and beta thalassemia major is its most severe form. Endocrine abnormalities in thalassemia major are common disturbing complications that need prompt management. The purpose of this study was to determine the endocrine disorders and bone mineral density in patients with major β -thalassemia in Qazvin, Iran. Methods: In this cross- sectional study, 77 patients with β- thalassemia major (15-36 years old) were enrolled. Physical examination, laboratory tests, bone radiography and bone density measurements were performed. Then, the data were analyzed. Results: Forty patients were males. The mean age was 21.26±4.53 years old. The mean BMI was 20.15±2.79 kg/m2. Impaired puberty, short stature, hypothyroidism, diabetes mellitus, IGT, hypoparathyroidism, vitamin D deficiency and vitamin D insufficiency were observed in 46.8%, 33.8%, 18.2%, 16.9%, 13%, 7.8%, 45.5% and 24.7% of patients, respectively. Nearly 80% of patients had low bone mineral density. Bone mineral density was significantly associated with hypogonadism (p=0.001), short stature (p=0.026), hypoparathyroidism (p=0.031), hypothyroidism (p=0.048), diabetes mellitus (p=0.002) and vitamin D deficiency (p<0.001). Conclusion: Impaired puberty and short stature were the most common endocrine complications in our population. Low bone density (osteopenia, osteoporosis) is significantly different in β-thalassemic patients with and without endocrine complications. ER  - 
Neck circumference as a novel parameter to determine metabolic risk factors in obese children; Background To establish the association between neck circumference and cardiometabolic risk factors and to determine the utility of the neck circumference as a parameter in predicting children at cardiometabolic risk. Materials and methods Five - hundred and eighty-one children (461: overweight/obese, 120: normal body mass index) aged between 5 and 18years were enrolled. Neck circumference, waist circumference, blood pressure and fasting plasma glucose, insulin, total cholesterol, triglyceride and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol were recorded, and the homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance score was calculated. Results Neck circumference was negatively correlated with HDL cholesterol and positively correlated with all other parameters, with the exception of fasting plasma glucose in pubertal boys and girls and total cholesterol in pubertal girls. Linear regression analysis by designating neck circumference as a dependent variable revealed that insulin and TG levels in prepubertal boys and blood pressure and TG levels in pubertal boys were positively correlated with neck circumference. We found that diastolic blood pressure and insulin were positively correlated, while HDL levels were negatively correlated with neck circumference in prepubertal girls. Systolic blood pressure and insulin were positively correlated with neck circumference in pubertal girls. The cut-off value for neck circumference, as an indicator for metabolic syndrome (MS), was calculated as 36cm in boys and 35cm in girls. Conclusions Neck circumference measurement was shown to be associated with cardiometabolic risk factors in children. We suggest the use of neck circumference as a novel, simple, practical and reliable anthropometric index in predicting children at risk for cardiometabolic diseases. © 2011 The Authors. European Journal of Clinical Investigation © 2011 Stichting European Society for Clinical Investigation Journal Foundation. ER  - 
Challenges and opportunities in research on early-life events/exposures and cancer development later in life; It is becoming increasingly evident that early-life events and exposures have important consequences for cancer development later in life. However, epidemiological studies of early-life factors and cancer development later in life have had significant methodological challenges such as the long latency period, the distinctiveness of each cancer, and large number of subjects that must be studied, all likely to increase costs. These traditional hurdles might be mitigated by leveraging several existing large-scale prospective studies in the United States (US) and globally, as well as birth databases and birth cohorts, in order to launch both association and mechanistic studies of early-life exposures and cancer development later in life. Dedicated research funding will be needed to advance this paradigm shift in cancer research, and it seems justified by its potential to produce transformative understanding of how cancer develops over the life-course. This in turn has the potential to transform cancer prevention strategies through interventions in early-life rather than later in life, as is the current practice, where it is perhaps less effective. © 2012 Springer Science+Business Media B.V. ER  - 
Review of infertile women with polycystic ovary syndrome in an urban area of Malaysia; Background: The aim of this study is to identify the profiles and associated factors of Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome (PCOS) among infertile women attending Gynaecology Clinic in an urban area of Peninsular Malaysia. Methods: This is a cross-sectional case control study analysing factors including socio-demographic and associated factors of women with infertility and PCOS. Secondary data were obtained from General Hospital Kajang, Selangor from January 2006 till July 2007. All infertile patients were eligible in the study. All data were entered into SPSS 16.0 and analyzedusing Chi-square test, Fisher exact test and by Mann-Whitney U test. Results: There were 277 respondents with PCOS. Malays were 186 (67.2%), Indian 77(27.8%), Chinese 9 (3.2%) and others 5 (1.8%). Seventy-seven (77) respondents with PCOS were infertile with prevalence of 27.8%. Mean age was 28 ± 6 years and age of menarche 12 ± 1 years. The prevalence PCOS among Indian were highest (43%) compare to Malays (23%). Respondent with PCOS have higher value of LH (median 7.15 ± 5.2 IU/L) compare to FSH (median 5.3 ± 2.18 IU/L) and higher LH/FSH ratio (median 1.298 ± 1.15). There were significant associations between race (P = 0.013), LH level (P = 0.004), obesity (P = 0.001), LH/FSH ratio (P = 0.001), hirsuitism (P < 0.001), irregular menses (P < 0.001) and diabetes mellitus (P < 0.001) with PCOS among infertile women. However, there were no significant association between age, age of menarche, FSH level, amenorrhea, oligomenorrhoea, dysmenorrhea and hypertension with PCOS. (P > 0.05) Conclusion: The prevalence of PCOS among infertile was 27.8%. PCOS were significantly associated obesity, hormonal level of LH and LH/FSH ratio, hirsuitism, irregular menses and diabetes mellitus. ER  - 
Menstrual cycles during ethanol self-administration in female rhesus monkeys (Macaca mulatta); Alcoholism in women and chronic ethanol self-administration in animals has been reported to disrupt reproductive function, although with wide species and individual differences. The current longitudinal study assessed menstrual cycle quality during ethanol self-administration using 3.3-4 year-old female Indian rhesus monkeys (Macaca mulatta, n = 13). Most rhesus monkeys have begun ovulating by 3.5 years of age (Zehr et al. 2005 Biol Reprod 72). Menstrual data were obtained before (9 months) and during (9 months) 22 h/d selfadministration of ethanol (4% w/v) and water (n = 6) or isocaloric maltose-dextrose and water (n = 3), or during consumption of a laboratory diet for 18 months (n = 4). Under the laboratory diet 33.5 ± 10.1% of cycles were of normal duration (25-31 days; Quadri and Spies 1976 Biol Reprod 14) and ovulatory (defined as peak progesterone ≥ 4 ng/ml; peak progesterone, 10.9 ± 0.8 ng/ml). Prior to the introduction of maltose-dextrose or ethanol (4 months), normal ovulatory cycles occurred in 1/1 maltose-dextrose and 1/3 ethanol subjects for which plasma progesterone was measured at this early stage of the experiment when the monkeys were being trained for awake venipuncture, with peak serum progesterone 6.1 ng/ml and 5.5 ± 1.3 ng/ml, respectively. During the 5 months of introduction of maltose-dextrose or ethanol induction, respectively, 39 ± 6% (peak progesterone, 8.7 ± 1.1 ng/ml) and 56 ± 13% (10.1 ± 1.7 ng/ml) of cycles were normal and ovulatory. All monkeys that had 22 h/d access to ethanol and water were heavy drinkers (> 3.5 g/kg/d). For three (of 6) monkeys, a majority (77-100%) of menstrual cycles were of irregular duration and/or anovulatory. For the other three monkeys, a majority (57-88%) of menstrual cycles were of normal duration and ovulatory (peak progesterone 9.8 ± 1.0 ng/ml), despite drinking > 4.0 g/kg ethanol per day on average (equivalent of 16 drinks). The data highlight individual differences in sensitivity to reproductive dysfunction due to ethanol. The monkeys with resistance to ethanol-induced disruption of menstrual cycles had the greatest peak progesterone and percentage of normal ovulatory cycles prior to ethanol access. Thus, heavy ethanol drinking during peri-pubescence, prior to the onset of regular ovulatory cycles, could impair reproductive capacity and circulating progesterone, with implications for neuroactive steroid interactions with ethanol. ER  - 
Evidence of early beta cell deficiency in children who develop impaired fasting glucose - A 10-year longitudinal study; Blood glucose levels are a combined function of the demand for insulin (insulin sensitivity) and the capacity of the beta cells to supply it. Impaired fasting glucose (≥ 5.6 mmol/l) is a predictor of future diabetes and increasingly common in children, but the extent to which it results from excess demand or failure of supply is unclear. We compared the trajectories of glucose, BMIsds, insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and beta cell function (HOMA-B) in children who developed IFG and those whose glucose levels remained within the normal range annually from 5y to 15y. We also examined their association with corresponding measures in the parents at baseline. Fiftyfive children showed IFG, mostly after age 11y, the majority of whom (39) were boys. Fasting glucose rose progressively in both groups, but was higher throughout in those who developed IFG compared with those who did not (p= 0.002). IR and BMI correlated (r= 0.4, p< 0.001), but there was no difference in BMI at any age between those who showed IFG and those who did not (p = 0.58). IR was biphasic, falling from 5y and rising after 7y, but again was the same in both groups at all ages (p= 0.08). HOMA-B, on the other hand, was lower in those who developed IFG even at 5y (81.1 v 94.1, p= 0.02). Glucose levels of the parents whose children developed IFG were higher than those whose children did not (mother's glucose: 4.9 v 4.6 mmol/l, p< 0.001; father's glucose: 5.0 v 4.8 mmol/l, p= 0.03). There was no difference in the IR of either parent group (p≥ 0.81), but the HOMA-B of the mothers whose children had IFG was lower (112.7 v 129.6, p= 0.01), IFG is common in contemporary children, and it appears to be dependent on a defect in beta cell function, which is already present at 5y. The parental associations suggest a possible genetic cause, which needs IR to reveal it. As the IR of puberty falls, further weight gain seems likely to be the determinant of progression to diabetes. ER  - 
High rate of dyslipidemia without obesity in indigenous argentinian children living at high altitude; Background: Pima Indians are a population in the USA with a high prevalence of T2DM. However, Koya Indians, a South-American Indian population, have never been studied.Objectives: (1) to compare the prevalence of cardiovascular diseases (CVD) risk factors in Koya Indian children from San Antonio de los Cobres (SAC) and children from Buenos Aires ( BA) and (2) to examine body mass index (BMI), waist circumference (WC) and WC/height as predictors of dyslipidemia in both groups.Methods: Data were collected cross-sectionally from BMI, WC, blood pressure, Tanner, glucose, lipids, and insulin. Dyslipidemia was defined by the NCEP (National Cholesterol Education Program) and AHA ( American Heart Association).Results: The mean ages were 10.6 ± 3.0 years and 9.5 ± 2.0 years of SAC and BA children respectively. Of the 603 BA children, 97 (16.1%) were overweight (OW) and 82 (13.6%) obese (OB), and of the 330 SAC children, 15 (4.5%) were OW and 12 (3.6%) OB, per CDC norms (p<0.01). There was a significantly higher prevalence of high triglycerides (28.8 vs. 3.5% p<0.01) and low HDL-C ( 30.0% vs. 5.5%;p<0.01) in SAC vs. BA children. The areas under the receiver operator characteristic curves (AUROC) in predicting high triglycerides were BMI = 0.65 (95% CI 0.52-0.77; p=0.02) in BA, and BMI = 0.55 (95% CI 0.48-0.62; p=0.15) in SAC children. Similar results from the AUROC were obtained when low HDL-C (<35 mg/dL), was used as the dichotomous variable, indicating that BMI was not a significant predictor for dyslipidemia in SAC children. When BMI was replaced by WC and WC/height, results were similar.Conclusions: We found that SAC children had a lower prevalence of obesity and a higher prevalence of dyslipidemia than BA children. Anthropometric markers were not an acceptable predictor for NCEP cutoffs for dyslipidemia in SAC children. Future longitudinal studies should determine if SAC children are at high risk for CVD due to genetic background or if the cutoffs proposed by the NCEP do not apply for this community. ER  - 
Assessment of growth and final height in patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus; The impact of type 1 diabetes mellitus(T1DM) on height is still a controversial topic. The goal of the study was to analyze, in T1DM patients, the final stature and the height progression at specific moments: at diagnosis and at onset of puberty.This was a retrospective study of 360 medical records of patients with T1DM followed in an outpatient clinic in an University Hospital. Data collected: Chronological age(CAD) and height at diagnosis(HD), height at onset of puberty(HOP), final height(FH) and target height(TH). All measurements(cm) were converted to Z score. 97 patients met the required criteria: 63 were pre-pubertal(PP) and 34 pubertal(P) at diagnosis. Statistical analysis-SIGMA-STAT3.5. Results-mean(SD): n=97; CAD = 8.4y(3.4); zHD=0.3(1.0); zHOP= -0.26 (0.94); zFH= -0.75(0.8); zTH= -0.84(0.8).At diagnosis, patients were taller than what expected for familial height(zHD=0.3(1.0) vs ZTH= -0.84(0.8), p ≤ 0.001), but they ended up with a final height similar to the TH(zFH= -0.75(0.8), p=ns). Males and females had the same zFH(M:n=41, zFH= -0.7 (0.8) vs F:n=56, zFH= -0.94 (0.9);p = ns). FH was higher in patients diagnosed during or after puberty vs those diagnosed pre-pubertal(P:n=34, zFH= -0.42(0.8) vs PP: n= 63, zFH= -1.1(0.8);p = 0.001). This was confirmed by comparison with target height: zFH-zTH: PP vs P = -0.16 (0.9) vs 0.5 (1.0); p ≤ 0.001. In 49 patients it was possible to evaluate the total pubertal growth(TPG): Females: n=27, TPG=19,9cm (5.3) and Males: n=22, TPG=27,2cm(4.8). There was a decrease in height from diagnosis to fi- nal height, and this occurred before, during and after puberty.We concluded that patients with T1DM are taller at diagnosis, but obtain final height similar to the expected target height. Those who were diagnosed during or after puberty had higher final height, suggesting that the time course of diabetes may interfere with patients' stature. ER  - 
Insulin resistance rises before puberty, independently of body fat, and signals deteriorating metabolic health: A 10-year longitudinal study; Insulin resistance (IR) is known to be higher in puberty, but it is not clear when it starts to rise, nor the impact of its doing so. Only longitudinal data can establish the relevant trends and their interactions. We sought to establish from a cohort study when the 'pubertal' rise in IR begins, and to track the behaviour of its metabolic co-variables. We followed 139 healthy boys (B) and 128 girls (G) annually from 5-15y, measuring HOMA-IR, % body fat by DEXA, fasting triglycerides, cholesterol-HDL ratio (CHR), and adiponectin, luteinising hormone (LH), systolic and diastolic BP (SBP, DBP). Pubertal onset was defined by the age at which LH first became permanently detectable (≥0.2 mu/l). Linear mixed effects models were constructed for the pre-pubertal period, and adjusted for exact age and %fat.IR started to rise up to 4 years before pubertal onset: B mean 3.86y before onset (2.08-4.29), G mean 3.99y (3.64-4.40y). During the pre-pubertal period, mean IR rise in B was +19.7% (0.52-0.80 HOMA-IR units) and +12.7% in G (0.66-1.08 units), both p<0.001. Each unit increase in HOMA-IR was associated with the metabolic changes below, independently of body fat.The early rise in IR, independent of body fat and puberty, together with the associated adverse metabolic changes, have not been reported before. The increases in triglycerides and DBP, in particular, were substantial and revealed only by the longitudinal observation of a cohort of uniform age. The pathological implications of these increases will become clearer as the cohort matures. (Table Presented). ER  - 
Parity and type 2 diabetes in chinese singaporean women: The Singapore chinese health study; The association between parity and type 2 diabetes (T2D) has been studied primarily in Western populations, with inconsistent findings. Studies on this topic in Asian populations are lacking. We examined the association between parity and T2D in a prospective cohort study of Chinese women in Singapore, aged 45-74 at enrollment in 1993-1998. Parity was defined as the number of live births self-reported at baseline. After excluding women who had missing information on parity or other variables assessed for confounding (n=6), did not complete the follow-up interview (n=5,677), reported having physician diagnosed diabetes at < 30 years of age (n=19), or had unconfirmed diabetes status based on a validation study (n=11), we included 28,315 women in the present analyses. Odds ratios and 95% confidence intervals (CI) for T2D were computed across levels of parity and adjusted for baseline factors: age, year of interview, dialect, physical activity, smoking status, education level, menarche age, oral contraceptive use, menopausal status, hormone therapy use, and body mass index. There were 4,398 cases of diabetes (3,090 prevalent and 1,308 incident). In fully adjusted models, compared to nulliparous women, odds for T2D were 21% (95% CI: 3 to 43%) higher in women with 1-2 live births, 29% (95% CI: 10 to 52%) higher in women with 3-4 live births, and 61% (95% CI: 37 to 90%) higher in women with ≥ 5 live births. These data suggest that higher parity may be a risk factor for T2D in Singaporean Chinese women. This association may be explained by hormonal and metabolic changes during pregnancy as well as metabolic and lifestyle changes after pregnancy. (Table Presented). ER  - 
Lessons from earlybird-a 10y longitudinal study of insulin resistance; Lessons from EarlyBird - a 10y Longitudinal Study of Insulin Resistance in Contemporary Children The prevention of diabetes depends on understanding the factors that lead to insulin resistance (IR), but only longitudinal studies can establish the relevant trends and their interactions. EarlyBird is a community-based cohort study of 300 contemporary children from 5y. By 15y of age, 55 of these apparently healthy youngsters have already shown impaired fasting glucose (IFG). Some unexpected findings are challenging established beliefs: . Most excess weight from birth through puberty was gained (ie centiles crossed) before 5y. . Patterns of weight gain differed according to age group. Before puberty, the mean BMI was skewed by a subgroup involving those whose same-sex parents were obese. Thus, by 8y, daughters (sons) of obese mothers (fathers) were ten (six) times more likely to be obese than those of normal weight mothers (fathers). With puberty, the BMI showed widening variance, suggesting the childhood population as a whole was becoming susceptible to weight gain. . The 'pubertal' rise in IR began well before puberty, independently of BMI. . Neither BMI nor IR distinguished the 55 children who developed IFG, but their HOMA β (a measure of beta cell function) was lower throughout. . Active children were demonstrably healthier, irrespective of BMI. . The activity level of children appeared, however, to be determined by a biological set-point, not the environment. . Time-lagged correlation further suggested that low physical activity was the result of overweight, rather than the cause. The trajectory leading to excess weight gain is set early in life. Obesity in the early years appears to be related to parental behaviours, whereas wider influences impact during puberty. However, neither the gain in weight nor IR is sufficient for IFG, which appears to require a primary defect of the beta cell. Physical activity is associated with better metabolic health, but the obese child tolerates less of it. ER  - 
Quantifying adherence to growth hormone treatment: The easypod™ connect observational study (ECOS); BACKGROUND: Recombinant human growth hormone (r-hGH) is indicated for pediatric patients with a variety of growth disorders. Until recently, analysis of adherence to r-hGH treatment, which may be required for many years, has been limited by recall bias and reliance on self-reporting. Accurate recorded data on r-hGH use can now be collected in patients using the easypodTM auto-injector. The multinational easypodTM connect observational study (ECOS) was launched in 2010 to collect and analyze r-hGH dosing and clinical and auxological data from patients prescribed r-hGH via easypodTM. Nine countries are currently recruiting in ECOS.OBJECTIVES: The primary objective is to assess adherence in patients receiving r-hGH via easypodTM. Secondary objectives include describing the impact of adherence on clinical outcomes for patients receiving r-hGH and identifying adherence patterns.DESIGN/METHODS: Data will be obtained from patients' medical notes and uploaded from the auto-injectors. Auxological parameters (height, weight, Tanner puberty stage, bone age) are collected and prescribed dosing data recorded at regular clinic visits, up to three times yearly as per routine clinical practice. Adherence at 1 year will be calculated (number of days the patient administered injections divided by the expected number of injection days over 1 year [365 days], expressed as a percentage). Dose intensity (defined as total amount of dose received divided by planned amount of dose over 1 year) will be analyzed. Data from auto-injectors will provide a complete record of a patient's r-hGH use. Adherence data will then be correlated with clinical outcomes. An adherence pattern will also be developed based on patients' age, sex, indication, self-injection, and time on treatment. The study will run until 2015, with yearly analyses. An external scientific steering committee will oversee the study.CONCLUSIONS: With data from ECOS, for the first time it will be possible to accurately assess r-hGH treatment adherence in various growth disorders and explore its potential impact on growth outcomes. Ultimately, drivers of and barriers to r-hGH treatment adherence will be identified, allowing appropriate support programs to be developed. ER  - 
Relationship between cortisol and components of the metabolic syndrome in obese children and adolescents; Background. A relationship between serum cortisol (F) and insulin resistance has been shown in obese adults and children, suggesting a role for F in the development of the metabolic syndrome (MS). In this regard, F could be an important predictor factor for MS.Objective. The aim of this study was to evaluate the relationship between F and components of MS in obese children and adolescents.Subjects and Methods. This is a retrospective study in 1027 obese children and adolescents (BMI-SDS 2.62±0.51) referred to our endocrine unit in the last 8 y. Waist circumference (WC), systolic and diastolic blood pressure (SP, DP), morning serum concentrations of F, glucose (Glyc), cholesterol HDL, tryglicerides (TG) and HOMA (Glyc(mmol/L)xInsulin(mU/L)/22.5) were evaluated in all subjects. MS was defined according to the IDF criteria (1). Patients were subdivided into 3 age groups: 6-10, 10-16 and >16 y. Results. In univariate regression analysis including the entire cohort, F was weakly associated with SP (r=0.17, P<0.001), DP (r=0.13 P<0.001), Glyc (r=0.16 P<0.001) and HOMA (r=0.15, P<10-5), also when adjusted for age, gender, puberty and BMI-SDS. 14/372 patients aged 10-16 y had MS. Univariate regression analysis in these 372 subjects showed that F was associated with SP (r=0.11, P=0.047), DP (r=0.16 P=0.003) and Glyc (r=0.21 P<0.0001) but not with HOMA. When adjusted for age, gender, puberty and BMI-SDS, F was no longer correlated with SP but was weakly correlated with HOMA (r=0.12, P=0.02). In multivariate regression analysis including age, sex, puberty, BMI-SDS and F as independent variables and one of the component of the MS as the dependent variable, the only models where F was a weak predictor of the variability were one with DP (B=0.02, P=0.009, adjusted R2=0.13) and one with Glyc (B=0.03, P=0.003, adjusted R2=0.12) as dependent variables. Patients were then subdivided into 4 groups according to the WC centile: WC<90, WC>90, WC>90 and 1 of the other components of the MS, WC>90 and 2 of the other components of the MS. Mean F concentrations in the 4 groups was significantly different (F=7.12, P=0.0001), even adjusted for age, gender, puberty and BMI-SDS (F=4.53, P=0.004). Patients with one or more components of the MS had higher F concentrations. Conclusion s. In this cohort of obese children and adolescents, F was weakly associated with components of the MS. These findings suggest that F has a minor role, if any, in the development of MS. ER  - 
Is intermediate thelarche a new entity following a different clinical course than premature thelarche and central precocious puberty?; Introduction: The spectrum of precocious sexual maturation is wide. Intermediate forms between benign premature thelarche (PT) and central precocious puberty (CPP) are common in practice. We describe an entity of 'Intermediate Thelarche' (IT) as breast development in girls <8yr who have features of CPP including pubic hair, and/or bone age advancement (adBA) but lack pubertal LH secretion (basal ≥0.3 UsLH by ICMA or peak LH ≥5mIU/mL after aq leuprolide).There are no recent studies examining outcomes in patients with IT or the utility of the current sensitive LH assays in IT. The aims of this study were to: describe according to etiology a large cohort of girls <8yr referred for evaluation of precocious onset of puberty; compare baseline biochemical and clinical characteristics in patients with idiopathic CPP (iCPP), PT and IT and to describe the natural history of progression in girls with PT and IT (not iCPP due to intervention). Methods: Retrospective chart review of 269 girls referred for PP 2006-2011, 42 were excluded due to incomplete data. 64 patients who met criteria for iCPP, PT or IT were analyzed for baseline and followup characteristics. iCPP was defined as B≥2, PH≥2 and/or adBA (≥2SDS) with pubertal LH and normal cranial MRI; PT as B≥2, no PH, no adBA and prepubertal LH; IT as B≥2, PH≥2 and/or adBA (≥2SDS) and prepubertal LH. Results: Of the 64: 8 (12.5%) had iCPP, 17 (26.5%) PT and 39 (61%) IT. Of the remaining 163, 98 had precocious adrenarche, 30 prepubertal, 26 with brain pathology, 9 peripheral PP. At presentation, IT girls were similar in age to PT but younger than iCPP (Median: 6.66 vs 7.54yr, p<0.05). Height and BMI z-scores were not different among groups, neither was the degree of adBA in IT and iCPP. Basal LH was higher in iCPP (2.5mIU/mL, p<0.001) but similar in PT and IT (Mean: 0.05 and 0.03mIU/ml). Over the course of ≥6 months, IT patients showed adBA in 17% of patients and pubertal LH values in 20% of patients. Conclusion : Among girls who where referred for evaluation of precocious onset of puberty, we identified a group of patients that did not match criteria for iCPP nor for PT. We believe it is important to consider this group as a possible new entity, as they may have a risk to further progress into puberty, although their LH levels were prepubertal at first evaluation. Longitudinal prospective studies are needed to define outcomes in patients with this intermediate form of PP. ER  - 
Gender-related differences in glucocorticoid therapy and growth outcomes among pubertal children with 21-hydroxylase deficient congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH); Context: 21-Hydroxylase deficient CAH causes glucocorticoid and mineralocorticoid deficiency, hyperandrogenism, and short stature. Management of the pubertal patient with CAH is particularly challenging, as teenagers experience a critical growth spurt, the gonads produce androgens along with adrenal glands and noncompliance typically increases.Objective: The purpose of this study was to determine if pubertal males and females with simple virilizing CAH (SVCAH) required different glucocorticoid dosages at progressive Tanner stages. The relationship between hydrocortisone dose and height during puberty and adult stature relative to targeted height was also assessed.Design and Setting: This was a retrospective chart review study at an academic pediatric endocrinology unit.Patients: Between January, 1981, and May, 2011, 867 patients were evaluated for precocious puberty. Twenty females and seventeen males with SVCAH were identified and followed through all stages of pubertal development.Main Outcome: Males received a higher hydrocortisone dosage than females throughout all stages of pubertal development. Results: The mean dose of hydrocortisone administered to males with SVCAH during puberty was 16.4±4.8 mg/m2/day of hydrocortisone; females received an average dose of 13.7±4.6 mg/m2/day. No significant gender-specific difference in glucocorticoid dosage was found at Tanner stage 2. However, the glucocorticoid dosage in males was significantly higher than in females at Tanner stages 3 through 5 (p < 0.05). Higher doses were associated with a shorter achieved than anticipated adult height. The mean adult height of patients with SVCAH was 9.6 cm shorter than their target height. Males had a less than expected anticipated adult stature than females, as males were on average 12.9 cm less and females 6.9 cm shorter than anticipated. Conclusion s: At Tanner stages 3-5, males with SVCAH required higher glucocorticoid dosages than did females. It is important to determine an optimal glucocorticoid dose for adolescents. A prospective study, carefully measuring compliance and ensuring follow-up, would be beneficial to determine the ideal hydrocortisone dose for adolescents with CAH. ER  - 
Altered glucose disposition and insulin sensitivity in peri-pubertal first-degree relatives of women with polycystic ovary syndrome; Background: First-degree relatives (FDRs) of women with PCOS are at increased risk for impaired insulin sensitivity and diabetes mellitus. Glucose tolerant FDR have evidence of insulin resistance and hyperinsulinemia prior to emergence of frank PCOS.Aim: To study insulin dynamics parameters in the early adolescent FDR of women with PCOS.Methods: This is a cross-sectional study involving 18 adolescents whose mothers or sisters had been diagnosed with PCOS and 21 healthy, age-matched control adolescents without FDR. Subjects underwent anthropometric measurements, steroid profiling and frequently sampled Intravenous Glucose Tolerance Test (IVGTT), Homeostasis Model Assessment (HOMA) index, Glucose Disposal Index (GDI), Acute Insulin Response (AIR) and Quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI) were derived from IVGTT results.Results: FDRs showed significantly higher mean HOMA and lower GDI. There were no differences in mean age or BMI Z-score between the cohorts. No differences in sex steroids or AIR were identified between groups.Conclusion: Female adolescent FDR of women with PCOS have higher HOMA index and lower QUICKI, reflecting altered insulin sensitivity and lower GDI reflecting poorer beta-cell function. The presence of multiple risk factors for type 2 diabetes suggests that aggressive screening of the early adolescent FDR of women with PCOS is indicated. © 2012 Raissouni et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Association between insulin-like growth factor binding protein-2 levels and cardiovascular risk factors in Korean children; Emerging evidence has indicated that insulin-like growth factor binding protein-2 (IGFBP-2) may be involved in the development of obesity and insulin resistance like IGFBP-1. The aim of this study was to measure serum IGFBP-2 levels in overweight and obese children and to compare these levels with those of controls. We also analyzed the associations between IGFBP-2 and insulin sensitivity indices and cardiovascular risk factors. 134 Korean children including 55 overweight and 59 obese subjects were enrolled. We measured anthropometric values and determined fasting serum levels of IGFBP-2, glucose, insulin, lipid profiles, and insulin sensitivity indices including the homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and the Quantitative Insulin Sensitivity Check Index (QUICKI). The subjects were subgrouped based on body mass index (BMI) and pubertal stage, and association analyses between IGFBP-2 levels and measured factors were performed in each group. Serum IGFBP-2 levels in overweight or obese children were significantly lower than those of controls regardless of pubertal development. Serum IGFBP-2 levels were negatively correlated with weight, BMI, waist circumference, fasting insulin levels, and HOMA-IR but were positively correlated with QUICKI. The associations were stronger in pubertal children than those in prepubertal children. However, no association was observed between serum IGFBP-2 levels and auxological or metabolic parameters in children with normal BMIs. These results suggested that IGFBP-2 might be a promising marker for early recognition of insulin resistance, particularly in overweight or obese children, regardless of pubertal stage. © The Japan Endocrine Society. ER  - 
The role of BMI across the life course in the relationship between age at menarche and diabetes, in a British Birth Cohort; Aims Previous research showing an inverse association between age of menarche and adult diabetes relied on recalled age at menarche and did not adjust for BMI across the life course. We investigated the relationship between age at menarche and diabetes, and whether childhood, adolescent or adult BMI attenuates this relationship. Methods We used data from the Medical Research Council National Survey of Health and Development, a British birth cohort study of men and women born in 1946, with contemporaneous recording of the age of menarche, BMI at 2, 7, 15 and 20-53years and diabetes status to 53years. Results A significant inverse relationship between age at menarche and diabetes [hazard ratio=0.73 per year older age at menarche (95%CI 0.56-0.96), P=0.02] was attenuated by adjustment for adult BMI [hazard ratio0.85 (95%CI 0.65-1.10), P=0.2]. The effect of age at menarche on Type2 diabetes was very similar to that for all types of diabetes. Attenuation of the association between age at menarche and diabetes was also observed with BMI at 15years, but less so with BMI measured earlier in childhood. Conclusions Earlier age at menarche is associated with a higher risk of diabetes, and specifically Type2 diabetes, in later life, which is most strongly attenuated by adolescent and adult adiposity. Early menarche may be clinically useful in identifying women who are at risk of later adiposity and so of developing Type2 diabetes. © 2011 The Authors. Diabetic Medicine © 2011 Diabetes UK. ER  - 
Higher levels of IGF-I and adrenal androgens at age 8 years are associated with earlier age at menarche in girls; Context: Earlier age at menarche is associated with rapid infancy weight gain and childhood obesity. The role of hormone levels in mediating these associations is unclear. Objective: The aim of this study was to identify childhood hormone levels at age 8 yr that are associated with early menarche, independent of body size. Design, Settings, and Subjects: A total of 329 girls from a prospective United Kingdom birth cohort study provided blood samples at mean age 8.1 yr (range, 8.0-8.5) for hormone measurements and were followed longitudinally to establish age at menarche. Main Outcome Measures: Fasting plasma levels of IGF-I, androstenedione, dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHEAS), leptin, insulin, IGF binding protein-1, and SHBG were measured. Age at menarche was reported by questionnaire and categorized as before 12.0, 12.0-13.0, or laterthan 13 yr. Results: Earlier menarche was associated with greater body weight, height, and body mass index at age 8 yr (all P-trend <0.001). Before adjustment for body size, earlier menarche was associated with higher levels of IGF-I, androstenedione, DHEAS, leptin, and fasting insulin, and with lower levels of IGF binding protein-1 and SHBG at age 8 yr (all P < 0.01). After adjustment for body mass index and height at age 8 yr, only IGF-I (P = 0.004), androstenedione (P = 0.01), and DHEAS (P = 0.01) remained associated with earlier menarche. Conclusions: Associations between higher levels of IGF-I and adrenal androgens at age 8 yr with earlier menarche, independent of body size, support functional roles of these hormones in regulating puberty timing in girls. Higher levels of these hormones reported in children who exhibited rapid weight gain during infancy may indicate their role in developmental pathways leading to earlier sexual maturation. Copyright © 2012 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Circulating 25-hydroxyvitamin D concentrations are correlated with cardiometabolic risk among American black and white adolescents living in a year-round sunny climate; OBJECTIVE - Low vitamin D status is common among healthy black and white adolescents residing at southern U.S. latitudes with a year-round sunny climate. Thus we aimed to study the relationships between circulating 25-hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D] and cardiometabolic risk factors in this population. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - 25(OH)D concentrations were measured with liquid chromatography tandem mass spectroscopy in 701 girls and boys (14-18 years old, 54% blacks, 49% females). Cardiometabolic risk was indexed by adipokines, inflammatory markers, fasting glucose, homeostatic model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), lipid profile, and blood pressure (BP). RESULTS - Controlling for age, sex, race, sexual maturation, season, physical activity, and percent body fat, 25(OH)D concentrations were significantly correlated with adiponectin (r = 0.06, P=0.05), leptin (r = -0.32, P < 0.01), fibrinogen (r = -0.05, P = 0.03), glucose (r = -0.16, P = 0.02), HOMA-IR (r = -0.17, P < 0.01), HDL cholesterol (r = 0.14, P = 0.02), systolic BP (r = -0.10, P = 0.02), and diastolic BP (r = -0.21, P < 0.01). When 25(OH)D concentrations were stratified into increasing tertiles, there were significant linear upward trends for adiponectin (P = 0.01) and HDL cholesterol (P = 0.04), but significant linear down trends for glucose (P < 0.01), HOMA-IR (P < 0.01), and systolic BP (P < 0.01), after adjusting for the above covariates. CONCLUSIONS - Circulating 25(OH)D concentrations are associated with various adverse cardiometabolic risk factors, independent of adiposity. Clinical trials addressing the effects of vitamin D supplementation on cardiometabolic risk are warranted in adolescents irrespective of their geographical regions. © 2012 by the American Diabetes Association. ER  - 
Serum IGF1 and insulin levels in girls with normal and precocious puberty; Objective: IGF1 plays an important role in growth and metabolism during puberty. IGF1 levels are increased in girls with central precocious puberty (CPP). However, the relationship with insulin before and during gonadal suppression is unknown. In addition, the influence of the exon 3-deleted GH receptor gene (GHRd3) on IGF1 levels was evaluated. Design: Nine hundred and eleven healthy and 23 early pubertal girls (15 with CPP) participated and were evaluated by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA) scans, fasting and oral glucose-stimulated insulin levels, IGF1 levels, and GHR genotyping. Fifteen girls with early puberty (13 with CPP) were treated with GNRH agonists and reevaluated after 3 and 12 months. Results: IGF1 and insulin levels were higher in girls with CPP compared with healthy controls after adjustment for age, bone age, and breast development (all P≤0.02). IGF1 levels were only significantly positively correlated with insulin levels in girls with CPP at baseline (P≤0.03). During gonadal suppression, changes in IGF1 levels were inversely associated with changes in insulin levels (P=0.04). The GHRd3/d3 genotype was associated with significantly higher IGF1 levels (P=0.01) but not with earlier pubertal timing in healthy girls. The distribution of the GHRd3 genotypes among girls with CPP did not differ significantly from healthy girls (P=0.2). Conclusion: The increased IGF1 and insulin levels in girls with CPP may be causally interrelated. In addition, the GHRd3 allele positively influences IGF1 levels in a copy number-response relationship but not pubertal timing in healthy girls. © 2012 European Society of Endocrinology. ER  - 
Lifestyle intervention improves fitness independent of metformin in obese adolescents; Purpose: Obesity in adolescence increases the risk for early adult cardiovascular disease. We recently showed that 6 months of diet, exercise, and metformin resulted in reductions in adiposity and that diet/exercise alone reduced proinflammatory factors and intrahepatic fat in pubertal children with uncomplicated obesity. The purpose of the present study was to determine whether changes in cardiorespiratory fitness (CRF) after 6 months of structured diet and exercise (DE) or DE plus metformin are related to the previously observed changes in adiposity, markers of inflammation, and intrahepatic fat. Methods: Sixteen obese pubertal adolescents between the ages of 10 and 17 were randomized into a structured lifestyle program consisting of DE or DE plus metformin. Subjects performed aerobic and resistance exercise 3 d•wk, 30 min per session. Cycle ergometer maximal oxygen consumption (V̇O2max), body composition, blood markers (glucose, insulin, homeostatic model assessment-insulin resistance, interleukin-6, hsCRP), and intrahepatic fat were measured at baseline and 6 months. Results: In the cohort, as whole-body weight decreased by 4.0% (P = 0.009), body mass index decreased by 4.9% (P = 0.003), percent body fat decreased by 8.8% (P < 0.001), and V̇O2max improved in 10 of 16 subjects. The addition of metformin provided no further effect on body composition, CRF, or inflammatory factors. More favorable changes in adiposity, adiponectin, and a trend toward blood glucose and interleukin-6 concentrations (P = 0.07) were observed in subjects who increased V̇O 2max at 6 months (n = 10) compared with no change in these variables in those who did not improve V̇O2max. Conclusions: Metformin did not provide benefits above lifestyle modification for improving CRF in obese adolescents. Improvements in V̇O2max seem to be associated with more favorable metabolic outcomes. © 2012 by the American College of Sports Medicine. ER  - 
The impact of changes in fat distribution on the metabolic health of children: A 5-year longitudinal study; Introduction: In adults, preferential deposition of body fat abdominally is associated with metabolic risk, while preferential hip/thigh deposition may be protective. Little is known about the corresponding impact of fat distribution on metabolic risk in children.Aim: To model the response of insulin resistance(IR), adiponectin and high-sensitivity c-reactive protein(hsCRP) to changes in regional fat distribution over a 5-year period.Methods: Participants:222 healthy children(44%girls) from EarlyBird cohort measured annually 9-14y inclusive. Measures: abdominal( AF) and hip/thigh(HTF) fat as a proportion of tissue in each region (dual-energy-x-ray-absorptiometry), BMIsds. Fasting bloods: HOMA-IR, adiponectin, hsCRP. Puberty was adjusted for by age at peak-heightvelocity( APHV). Model estimates represent back-transformed %-change in dependent variable for each unit increase in predictor variables per year.Results: The effect of regional fat on IR, adiponectin and hsCRP is shown in the table. AF was associated with higher IR, lower adiponectin in girls, higher CRP (boys). HTF was associated with lower IR (girls), higher adiponectin (both genders) and lower hsCRP(boys). (Table Presented) Conclusions: The location of adipose depots differentially affects metabolic health and chronic low-grade inflammation in children. Adiponectin may mediate the positive effects of hip/thigh adiposity on IR over time. ER  - 
Serum levels of resistin are associated with inflammatory and endothelial activation markers in obese adolescents; Introduction: The source and role of resistin in the inflammatory and endothelial activation is not well understood. The aim of this study is to assess level of serum resistin in obese and lean children and to establish relationship with circulating inflammatory and vascular markers.Methods: This was a cross-sectional study including 67 obese and 62 lean children (mean age 10.9±2.8 yrs, age range 5.4 to 16.6). Subjects were recruited from the obesity clinic at our institution. We assessed circulating markers of metabolism (resistin, insulin, leptin, IGF-1), inflammation (Hs-CRP, IL-6, CCL2) and endothelial cell activation (vascular and intercellular adhesion molecules: VCAM-1 and ICAM; E-selectin; P-selectin; endothelin-1: ET-1). Results: Body weight, body mass index (BMI), insulin, leptin, Hs-CRP, VCAM-1 and E-selectin levels were significantly higher in obese than lean subjects. Resistin was similar between groups in the pre-pubertal period, but increases significantly in the obese adolescents (18.6±24.9) compared to lean subjects (7.9±10.7 ng.ml-1; p=.038).Resistin was not associated with BMI-z-score (p>.05). In adolescents, resistin was related to leptin, P-selectin, IGF-1, ET-1 and IL-6 levels. Subjects with resistin levels above 9 ng.ml-1 had higher concentration of IL-6, CCL2, ET-1 and IGF-1 but not of leptin, insulin and BMI. Conclusion: Resistin was increased in obese adolescents independently of the quantity of the adipose tissue. In this population, increased resistin levels were related to the activation of inflammatory and endothelial biomarkers. We may hypothesize that interventions aiming to diminish resistin expression may slow down the atherosclerosis formation process. ER  - 
Association of polymorphisms and haplotypes in the insulin-like growth factor 1 receptor (IGF1R) gene with breast cancer in Korean women; Abstract The insulin-like growth factor (IGF) signaling axis plays an important role in cancer biology. The insulin-like growth factor 1 receptor (IGF1R) is a tyrosine kinase growth factor receptor that plays important roles in numerous cellular functions and signal transduction pathways. IGF1R may also play a role in the initiation and progression of breast cancer. However, studies of common variation in the IGF1R gene, involved in steroid hormone and IGF-1 metabolism, have yet to provide convincing evidence that such variants predict breast cancer risk. We genotyped 384 tagging single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in 1026 cases of breast cancer and 392 age-matched control in a population of Korean women. Of the 384 SNPs, fifty one SNPs in the IGF1R gene were examined for association with breast cancer in the study. All the SNPs investigated were in Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium. These SNPs tested were significantly associated with breast cancer risk, after correction for multiple comparisons stratified by adjusting for age at diagnosis, BMI, age at menarche, and age at first parturition. Among 51 IGF1R SNPs, three intron located SNPs (rs8032477, rs11635251, and rs12916884) with homozygous genotype (variant genotype) had increased risk of breast cancer (OR(CI 95%): 0.66(0.44-0.99), 0.54(0.37-0.80), and 0.59(0.37-0.94)). Seven of the 51 IGF1R SNPs were in LD and in one haplotype block, and were likely to be associated with breast cancer risk. Overall, this comprehensive case-control study found statistically significant associations between breast cancer risk and polymorphisms in IGF1R gene. Taking the status of the IGF1R polymorphism into consideration, our results may help in improving the ability to develop effective treatment modalities for those conditions in which IGF1R is involved. To the best of our knowledge, this study is the first to demonstrate the association between IGF1R polymorphisms with the risk of breast cancer. ER  - 
Pre-existing medical conditions and risk of breast cancer in Korea: A hospital based case-control study; Objective: To estimate the effect of highly prevalent medical conditions in Korean population on breast cancer risk in a large case-control study conducted in Korea. Methods: Cases were 3,358 women with incident, histologically confirmed breast cancer in two major hospitals interviewed between 2000 and 2007. Controls were 1820 women admitted to the same hospital and one another hospital for a variety of non-neoplastic conditions. Information of each disease was obtained from standardized questionnaire by trained personnel. Odds ratio(OR) for each disease were derived from multiple logistic regression adjusted for age, hospital, enrollment year, body mass index, age of menarche, age of first pregnancy and family history of breast or other cancer. Results: Among all incident breast cancer patients, pre-existing gastroduodenal diseases and asthma reduced the risk of breast cancer (OR=0.48; 95% confidence interval (C.I.)=0.35-0.67 and OR=0.39; 95% C.I.=0.24-0.64), whereas pre-existing ovarian disease increased the risk(OR=1.63; 95% C.I.=1.12-2.36) when other factors adjusted. Among premenopausal and postmenopausal women, the results of pre-existing gastroduodenal diseases and asthma were similar to those in all cases. But only among postmenopausal women, pre-existing diabetes and hypertension increased the risk of breast cancer significantly (OR=1.66; 95% C.I.=1.01-2.70, OR=1.41; 95% C.I.=1.03-1.92). Conclusion: There had been many studies indicating the association between diabetes and breast cancer development, and our results present the possibility of other disease to effect breast cancer development which can be differed by the menopausal status of women. Also, our study indicates other possible correlation for pre-existing diseases such as asthma, gastroduodenal disease and hypertension with altered breast cancer risk. ER  - 
Age-and gender-specific reference intervals for serum glucose levels in school children measured by an Advia 1650 chemistry analyzer; The prevalence of diabetes mellitus among adults has increased in developed and developing countries. However, less attention has been focused on children, including establishing age-and gender-specific reference intervals for serum glucose levels. In this study, we sought to establish these interval values among Saudi children. In 2006, male and female school children from diverse socioeconomic levels in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia were selected for a cross-sectional study of blood glucose using a cluster sample design. Tanner stages were ascertained during physical examination. Blood samples from 1216 healthy school children aged 6 to 16 years-514 (42%) boys and 702 (58%) girls-were analyzed for glucose using an Advia 1650 chemistry analyzer and a hexokinase assay. Reference intervals based on Tanner stages and age were established by calculating the mean and the 2.5th and 97.5th percentiles. The average blood glucose level was higher in boys than in girls. There were no significant differences between boys and girls at each Tanner stage. Therefore, the combined reference intervals for glucose levels, which were calculated to be (3.2-6.6), (3.4-6.6), (3.6-5.9), (3.6-6.9), and (3.2-6.4) for Tanner stages I, II, III, IV, and V respectively, can be used for both genders. However, significant differences were observed between boys and girls for BMI, height, and weight at all Tanner stages except stage IV. Unlike children in other developing countries, Saudi children do not have lower serum glucose levels than their Western counterparts. We believe that these findings reflect changing dietary habits and increasing affluence in Saudi Arabia. The reference intervals established in our study may aid in the early assessment of cardiovascular risk in Saudi pediatric populations. © 2012 - IOS Press and the authors. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Association of vitamin D with insulin resistance in Argentine boys: A pilot study; Hypovitaminosis D has been associated with insulin resistance. The objectives of the study was to the prevalence of hypovitaminosis D, and the association of vitamin D concentrations with age, Tanner stage, BMI and insulin sensitivity (HOMA-IR) in a group of healthy boys. Data were collected cross-sectionally at an amateur rugby club in the Buenos Aires suburbs in May, 2010. BMI, waist circumference, Tanner staging, blood pressure, and levels of glucose, lipids, and insulin were determined. 25-hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D] was measured by radioimmunoassay. One hundred and sixteen boys aged 11.3 ± 2.4 y were examined; 19 (16.4%) and 40 (34.5%) boys were overweight and obese, respectively, per United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. 52.2% of the children were at Tanner 1. Serum concentration of [25(OH)D] had a median value of 20 ng/mL (interquartile range 18-21 ng/mL). Sixty (52.6%) boys had insufficient [25(OH)D] ([25(OH)D > 20 but ≤ 30 ng/mL), and 54 (46.6%) had deficient levels ([25(OH)D] < 20 ng/mL). Univariate analyses indicated a negative significant association between [25(OH)D] and BMI (r-0.20, P=0.03), waist circumference (r-0.23, P=0.01), HOMA-IR (r-0.25, P=0.007), and insulin (r-0.29, P=0.002). Multiple regression analysis showed that [25(OH)D] concentration was significantly and inversely associated with HOMA-IR, (B=-0.8; p=0.02) adjusted for Tanner and BMI (R^{2}= 0.35). This study demonstrated an inverse association between [25(OH)D] and HOMA-IR in healthy boys adjusted for pubertal development and BMI. It also showed a high prevalence of both [25(OH)D] deficiency and insufficiency. Further research is needed on the prospective association between vitamin D and the risk for type 2 diabetes. © 2012 - IOS Press and the authors. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Five-year outcomes after oxandrolone administration in severely burned children: A randomized clinical trial of safety and efficacy; Background: Oxandrolone, an anabolic agent, has been administered for 1 year post burn with beneficial effects in pediatric patients. However, the long-lasting effects of this treatment have not been studied. This single-center prospective trial determined the long-term effects of 1 year of oxandrolone administration in severely burned children; assessments were continued for up to 4 years post therapy. Study Design: Patients 0 to 18 years old with burns covering >30% of the total body surface area were randomized to receive placebo (n = 152) or oxandrolone, 0.1 mg/kg twice daily for 12 months (n = 70). At hospital discharge, patients were randomized to a 12-week exercise program or to standard of care. Resting energy expenditure, standing height, weight, lean body mass, muscle strength, bone mineral content (BMC), cardiac work, rate pressure product, sexual maturation, and concentrations of serum inflammatory cytokines, hormones, and liver enzymes were monitored. Results: Oxandrolone substantially decreased resting energy expenditure and rate pressure product, increased insulin-like growth factor-1 secretion during the first year after burn injury, and, in combination with exercise, increased lean body mass and muscle strength considerably. Oxandrolone-treated children exhibited improved height percentile and BMC content compared with controls. The maximal effect of oxandrolone was found in children aged 7 to 18 years. No deleterious side effects were attributed to long-term administration. Conclusions: Administration of oxandrolone improves long-term recovery of severely burned children in height, BMC, cardiac work, and muscle strength; the increase in BMC is likely to occur by means of insulin-like growth factor-1. These benefits persist for up to 5 years post burn. © 2012 by the American College of Surgeons. ER  - 
Shifts in BMI category and associated cardiometabolic risk: Prospective results from HEALTHY study; OBJECTIVES: To evaluate shifts across BMI categories and associated changes in cardiometabolic risk factors over 2.5 years in an ethnically diverse middle school sample. METHODS: As part of HEALTHY, a multisite school-based study designed to mitigate risk for type 2 diabetes, 3993 children participated in health screenings at the start of sixth and end of eighth grades. Assessments included anthropometric measures, blood pressure, and glucose, insulin, and lipids. Students were classified as underweight, healthy weight, overweight, obese, or severely obese. Mixed models controlling for school intervention status and covariates were used to evaluate shifts in BMI category over time and the relation between these shifts and changes in risk factors. RESULTS: At baseline, students averaged 11.3 (±0.6) years; 47.6% were boys, 59.6% were Hispanic, and 49.8% were overweight or obese. Shifts in BMI category over time were common. For example, 35.7% of youth who were overweight moved to the healthy weight range, but 13% in the healthy weight range became overweight. BMI shifts were not associated with school intervention condition, household education, or youth gender, race/ethnicity, pubertal status, or changes in height. Increases in BMI category were associated with worsening of cardiometabolic risk factors, and decreases were associated with improvements. Boys who increased BMI category were more vulnerable to negative risk factor changes than girls. CONCLUSIONS: There are substantial shifts across BMI categories during middle school that are associated with clinically meaningful changes in cardiometabolic risk factors. Programs to promote decreases in BMI and prevent increases are clearly warranted. Copyright © 2012 by the American Academy of Pediatrics. ER  - 
Relationship between anti-Müllerian hormone (AMH) and insulin levels during different tanner stages in daughters of women with polycystic ovary syndrome; Context: We have previously described increased serum levels of anti-Müllerian hormone (AMH) and stimulated insulin in daughters of women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), suggesting that these girls may have an altered ovarian follicular development which may be modulated by insulin. However, the specific relationship between serum AMH and insulin levels during each Tanner stage of puberty in this cohort has not been established. Objective: The aim of our study was to establish the relationship between AMH and poststimulated insulin serum concentrations during each stage of puberty in daughters of women with PCOS (PCOSd), compared to daughters of control women (Cd). Design: We studied 135 PCOSd and 93 Cd classified according to their Tanner stage. Gonadotrophins, sex steroids, sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG), and AMH were determined in a fasting sample. Ovarian volume was measured by pelvic ultrasound. In addition, in both groups we performed an oral glucose tolerance test with measurements of glucose and insulin. Results: Anti-Müllerian hormone levels were significantly higher in PCOSd compared to Cd at all Tanner stages. Daughters of women with PCOS having AMH concentrations greater than 2 standard deviation (SD) above the mean AMH value for the Cd group showed decreased serum follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH) concentrations and increased stimulated levels of insulin during Tanner stages I, II, and III. Conclusions: Anti-Müllerian hormone levels are increased in PCOSd during all stages of puberty. We suggest that those PCOSd with the highest AMH levels probably represent a group of girls with more severe ovarian dysfunction and metabolic derangements. © The Author(s) 2012. ER  - 
Screening for dysglycemia in overweight youth presenting for weight management; OBJECTIVE - To examine the performance of current screening recommendations for detecting dysglycemia in children and adolescents with obesity.RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - In a cross-sectional study, an oral glucose tolerance test and demographic (age, sex, family history of diabetes, and ethnicity), clinical (BMI z score, waist circumference, and pubertal stage), and laboratory variables used in current pediatric screening criteria for type 2 diabetes mellitus were measured in 259 overweight or obese youth aged 5-17 years. Glycemic status was based on American Diabetes Association (ADA) thresholds. The performance (sensitivity and specificity) of current screening criteria and newly developed models to identify isolated IGT were compared.RESULTS - Dysglycemia was present in 20.8% of the cohort. Of the 54 participants with dysglycemia, 68% had a normal fasting glucose and were identified with the 2-h glucose test. Current ADA criteria had low sensitivity (41.7% [95% CI 25.6-57.8]) and moderate specificity (69.5% [63.5-75.6]) to identify IGT. In receiver operating characteristic (ROC) analysis, the addition of hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) or FPG did not improve the ROC area under the curve (AUC) (HbA1c: 0.64 vs. 0.63; P = 0.54; HbA1c + FPG: 0.66; P = 0.42), but adding triglyceride level did (AUC 0.72 vs. 0.63; P = 0.03). A simple model with fasting triglyceride level > 1.17 mmol/L improved AUC compared with ADA screening criteria (0.68 vs. 0.57; P = 0.04).CONCLUSIONS - The prevalence of IGT is high among obese children and youth. Current screening criteria have low sensitivity to detect isolated IGT. Although adding nonfasting laboratory values to history and physical measures does not improve diagnostic accuracy, adding fasting lipid profile improves predictive value. © 2012 by the American Diabetes Association. ER  - 
Infant and toddler type 1 diabetes: Complications after 20 years' duration; OBJECTIVE - To compare the effect of the prepubertal duration of diabetes on the occurrence of complications in two groups of patients after the same number of years of the disease. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - This multicenter study enrolled 105 patients aged 16-40.3 years; 53 were prepubertal at diagnosis (aged 0-3) and 52 were pubertal (Tanner stage) and aged 9-14.9. The mean duration of disease was 19.8 and 19.5 years for prepubertal and pubertal patients, respectively. In all patients, retinal photographs were taken and centrally graded. Urinary albumin excretion (UAE; 86 case subjects), blood pressure (BP; 89 case subjects), and lifetime HbA1c (72 case subjects) were also evaluated.RESULTS - The prevalence of diabetic retinopathy (DR) was higher in pubertal than in prepubertal patients, both for any grade DR (71 vs. 40%, P = 0.002) and for mild or more severe DR (P = 0.005). The prevalence of abnormal UAE was not different in the two groups. Hypertension was found only in three patients, all pubertal at diagnosis. In the small group with moderate-to-severe DR, lifetime HbA1c levels, as percentages above the upper normal reference value, were higher (P < 0.01) in prepubertal than in pubertal patients. CONCLUSIONS - If diabetes is diagnosed in infants or toddlers and the prepubertal duration of diabetes is very long, the patients seem to be protected against DR. This protection disappears if lifetime metabolic control is bad. Instead, when onset is at puberty, the DR risk is higher and less dependent on metabolic control and may be influenced by age-related factors, such as BP. © 2012 by the American Diabetes Association. ER  - 
Pubertal timing and growth influences cardiometabolic risk factors in adult males and females; OBJECTIVE - Early pubertal onset in females is associated with increased risk for adult obesity and cardiovascular disease, but whether this relationship is independent of preceding childhood growth events is unclear. Furthermore, the association between male puberty and adult disease remains unknown. To clarify the link between puberty and adult health, we evaluated the relationship between pubertal timing and risk factors for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in both males and females from a large, prospective, and randomly ascertained birth cohort from Northern Finland. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - Pubertal timing was estimated based on pubertal height growth in 5,058 subjects (2,417 males and 2,641 females), and the relationship between puberty and body weight, glucose and lipid homeostasis, and blood pressure at age 31 years was evaluated with linear regression modeling. RESULTS - Earlier pubertal timing associated with higher adult BMI, fasting insulin, diastolic blood pressure, and decreased HDL cholesterol in both sexes (P < 0.002) and with higher total serum cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, and triglycerides in males. The association with BMI and diastolic blood pressure remained statistically significant in both sexes, as did the association with insulin levels and HDL cholesterol concentrations in males after adjusting for covariates reflecting both fetal and childhood growth including childhood BMI. CONCLUSIONS - We demonstrate independent association between earlier pubertal timing and adult metabolic syndrome-related derangements both in males and females. The connection emphasizes that the mechanisms advancing puberty may also contribute to adult metabolic disorders. © 2012 by the American Diabetes Association. ER  - 
Energy expenditure and insulin sensitivity evaluation in obese children affected by hepatosteatosis; Objectives: The aim of our study was to evaluate the physical and sedentary activities and energy expenditure (EE) in a group of children affected by non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), compared with normal and obese subjects, using a physical activity questionnaire (PAQ) and a SenseWear armband (SWA). Methods: Forty NAFLD (10 females), 41 lean (NRM; 11 females) and 30 obese (OB; 10 females), age- and pubertal stage-matched, children were included. Results: Sedentary activity (PAQ) was similar in NAFLD and NRM but less in OB, while SWA showed that NAFLD spent less time in physical activity and more in sedentary activities compared with NRM, but not with OB. Insulin sensitivity index result is related to active EE (cal kg-1 d-1) in NAFLD, while homeostatic model assessment index result was negatively related to total EE in OB. Conclusions: Regular physical activity must be encouraged in all obese children affected by NAFLD or not, and SWA might be a possible valid tool for evaluating actual EE. © 2012 The Authors Pediatric Obesity © 2012 International Association for the Study of Obesity. ER  - 
Retinopathy screening in patients with Type 1 diabetes diagnosed in young age using a non-mydriatic digital stereoscopic retinal imaging; Background: Diabetic retinopathy seriously impairs patients' quality of life, since it represents the first cause of blindness in industrialized countries. Aim: To estimate prevalence of retinopathy in young Type 1 diabetes patients using a non-mydriatic digital stereoscopic retinal imaging (NMDSRI), and to evaluate the impact of socio-demographic, clinical, and metabolic variables. Subjects and methods: In 247 young patients glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c), gender, age, pubertal stage, presence of diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA), HLA-DQ heterodimers of susceptibility for Type 1 diabetes, and β-cell autoimmunity at clinical onset were considered. At retinopathy screening, we evaluated age, disease duration, pu bertal stage, body mass index (BMI-SDS), insulin requirement, HbA1c levels, other autoimmune diseases, diabetes-related complications, serum concentrations of cholesterol and triglycerides, systolic and diastolic blood pressure. Results: Retinopathy was found in 26/247patients: 25 showed background retinopathy, and 1 had a sight-threatening retinopathy. A significant relationship between retinopathy and female gender (p=0.01), duration of disease ≥15 yr (p<0.0001), serum triglycerides levels >65 mg/dl (p=0.012) and mean HbA1c ≥7.5% or >9% (p=0.0014) were found at the multivariate logistic analysis. Conclusions: Metabolic control is the most important modifiable factor and promotion of continuous educational process to reach a good metabolic control is a cornerstone to prevent microangiopathic complications. Symptoms appear when the complication is already established; a screening program with an early diagnosis is mandatory to prevent an irreversible damage. ©2012, Editrice Kurtis. ER  - 
Male hypogonadism at a tertiary care hospital in Karachi, Pakistan.; Male hypogonadism is defined as 'inadequate gonadal function, manifested by deficiency in gametogenesis and/or secretion of gonadal hormones'. Signs and symptoms of hypogonadism depend primarily on the age of onset. It can be classified according to the site primarily involved: the gonads, the hypothalamus, or the pituitary gland. The objective this study was to determine the presentation and aetiology of male hypogonadism seen in a tertiary care hospital. This cross-sectional study was conducted at Endocrine Clinics, Aga Khan University Hospital Karachi. Data of male patients with hypogonadism who attended clinics during January 2009 to August 2011 were reviewed. All male patients with clinical and biochemical evidence of hypogonadism were included in the study. Patients with Diabetes Mellitus, Metabolic Syndrome, Andropause, AIDS, Chronic Renal Failure, and Cirrhosis were excluded. Mean +/- SD were computed for quantitative variables. Frequency and percentages were computed for qualitative variables. Aetiology of male hypogonadism was categorised as primary and secondary hypogonadism. A total of 85 patients with male hypogonadism attended the endocrine clinic. Mean age of patients was 25 +/- 10 years. Clinical presentations were small genitalia (65%), absent secondary sexual characteristics (53%), not attained puberty (47%), infertility (53%), erectile dysfunction (41%) and loss of libido (29%). Seventy-three (86%) patients had hypogonadotrophic hypogonadism (secondary hypogonadism) and 12 (14%) patients had hypergonadotrophic hypogonadism (primary hypogonadism). Among the patients with hypogonadotrophic hypogonadism 38 had idiopathic hypogonadotrophic hypogonadsim, 7 had pituitary adenoma, 6 had empty sella syndrome, 3 had Kallman's syndrome, and 1 patient had haemosiderosis due to thalassaemia major; 18 patients did not undergo brain imaging. Small genitalia, absent secondary sexual characteristics and infertility were the main presenting features of hypogonad men. Majority of patients had hypogonadotrophic hypogonadsim. ER  - 
Role of basal and provocative serum prolactin in differentiating idiopathic hypogonadotropic hypogonadism and constitutional delayed puberty--a diagnostic dilemma.; The prevalence of Idiopathic Hypogonadotropic Hypogonadism (IHH) is approximately 1 in 10,000 men. Objectives of this study were to evaluate the role of basal and stimulated serum prolactin in differentiating Constitutional Delayed Puberty (CDP) from IHH. This cross-sectional study was carried out at the Department of Diabetes and Endocrinology, Military Hospital, Rawalpindi. A total of 20 male patients presenting with provisional diagnosis of IHH/CDP were enrolled in the study. Patients with known diseases were excluded from the study. Baseline FSH, LH, testosterone, and prolactin were estimated and the patients were subjected to provocative prolactin stimulation by Thyrotropin releasing hormone stimulation (TRH) test and chlorpromazine challenge. At each 6 monthly follow-up visit for 4 years, the patients were evaluated for adrenarche, pubarche and other secondary sexual characters. Tanner scale was taken as standards for comparing stage of puberty at a particular age. No treatment was given to both groups for 2 years. At the end of 2 years IHH patients with failed puberty or progression of puberty and CDP who lagged behind by more than 2 years by Tanner scale or 4 years per bone age with compelling psychosocial or psychosexual reasons at school or at home were given short courses of 50 mg injection testosterone in an attempt to expedite the onset or progression of puberty. Patients from either group with failed puberty after low dose testosterone were managed with high dose testosterone therapy to induce secondary sexual characters. Twenty patients enrolled in the study were provisionally divided into 2 groups called IHH (n = 9), and CDP (n = 11) based on high basal and provocative serum prolactin levels in CDP group. Two patients from CDP group were lost in the follow-up leaving 9 patients in each group. A total of 10 (56%) patients, 3 (17%) from IHH group and 7 (39%) from CDP group achieved grade 4 puberty without any treatment. Remaining 8 (44%) patients, 6 (67%) from IHH group and 2 (22%) from CDP group were induced secondary sexual characters with full dose of 100 mg testosterone given parenterally at 4 weeks intervals. Differentiation between IHH and CDP on the basis of basal and post-TRH and Chorpromazine challenge reported earlier could not be substantiated by our study. ER  - 
Melatonin pathway genes and breast cancer risk among Chinese women; Previous studies suggest that melatonin may act on cancer growth through a variety of mechanisms, most notably by direct anti-proliferative effects on breast cancer cells and via interactions with the estrogen pathway. Three genes are largely responsible for mediating the downstream effects of melatonin: melatonin receptors 1a and 1b (MTNR1a and MTNR1b), and arylalkylamine N-acetyltransferase (AANAT). It is hypothesized that genetic variation in these genes may lead to altered protein production or function. To address this question, we conducted a comprehensive evaluation of the association between common single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in the MTNR1a, MTNR1b, and AANAT genes and breast cancer risk among 2,073 cases and 2,083 controls, using a two-stage analysis of genome-wide association data among women of the Shanghai Breast Cancer Study. Results demonstrate two SNPs were consistently associated with breast cancer risk across both study stages. Compared with MTNR1b rs10765576 major allele carriers (GG or GA), a decreased risk of breast cancer was associated with the AA genotype (OR = 0.78, 95% CI = 0.62-0.97, P = 0.0281). Although no overall association was seen in the combined analysis, the effect of MTNR1a rs7665392 was found to vary by menopausal status (P-value for interaction = 0.001). Premenopausal women with the GG genotype were at increased risk for breast cancer compared with major allele carriers (TT or TG) (OR = 1.57, 95% CI = 1.07-2.31, P = 0.020), while postmenopausal women were at decreased risk (OR = 0.58, 95% 0.36-0.95, P = 0.030). No significant breast cancer associations were found for variants in the AANAT gene. These results suggest that common genetic variation in the MTNR1a and 1b genes may contribute to breast cancer susceptibility, and that associations may vary by menopausal status. Given that multiple variants in high linkage disequilibrium with MTNR1b rs76653292 have been associated with altered function or expression of insulin and glucose family members, further research may focus on clarifying this relationship. © 2011 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC. ER  - 
Gene variants in PPARD and PPARGC1A are associated with timing of natural menopause in the general Japanese population; Objectives: Timing of menopause affects postmenopausal health risks. The objective of this study was to evaluate the associations of the single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR)-related genes (PPARD, PPARG, and PPARGC1A) and environmental factors with timing of natural menopause among the general Japanese population. Study design: We analyzed cross-sectional data from 1758 women aged 40-69 years who were enrolled in the baseline surveys of the Japan Multi-institutional Collaborative Cohort (J-MICC) Study. Main outcome measures: Associations of timing of natural menopause with its probable covariates and with target gene variants were evaluated by univariate and multivariate Cox proportional hazards models. Results: Lower body mass index and later age at menarche were significantly associated with earlier natural menopause. Women with minor alleles at T-48444C in PPARD showed a significantly higher adjusted hazard ratio of 1.57 (95% confidence interval: 1.18-2.10) for earlier natural menopause. In contrast, women with minor alleles at Thr394Thr in PPARGC1A showed a significantly lower adjusted hazard ratio of 0.86 (0.76-0.97) for earlier natural menopause. These associations did not substantially alter when re-analyzed after excluding the subjects who self-reported a history of diabetes or the subjects whose age was more than 65 years. Conclusions: Gene variants in PPARD and PPARGC1A might be associated with timing of natural menopause, probably through direct actions on the ovaries, among the general Japanese population. © 2012 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Age- and gender-specific reference intervals for fasting blood glucose and lipid levels in school children measured with abbott architect c8000 chemistry analyzer; Reference intervals for pubertal characteristics are influenced by genetic, geographic, dietary and socio-economic factors. Therefore, the aim of this study was to establish age-specific reference intervals of glucose and lipid levels among local school children. This was cross-sectional study, conducted among Saudi school children. Fasting blood samples were collected from 2149 children, 1138 (53%) boys and 1011 (47%) girls, aged 6 to 18 years old. Samples were analyzed on the Architect c8000 Chemistry System (Abbott Diagnostics, USA) for glucose, cholesterol, triglycerides, HDL and LDL. Reference intervals were established by nonparametric methods betweenthe 2.5th and 97.5th percentiles. Significant differences were observed between boys and girls for cholesterol and triglycerides levels in all age groups (P < 0.02). Only at age 6-7 years and at adolescents, HDL and LDL levels were found to be significant (P < 0.001). No significant differences were seen in glucose levels except at age 12 to 13 years. Saudi children have comparable serum cholesterol levels than their Western counterparts. This may reflect changing dietary habits and increasing affluence in Saudi Arabia. Increased lipid screening is anticipated, and these reference intervals will aid in the early assessment of cardiovascular and diabetes risk in Saudi pediatric populations. © 2012 Association of Clinical Biochemists of India. ER  - 
The exon 3-deleted/full-length growth hormone receptor polymorphism and response to growth hormone therapy in growth hormone deficiency and turner syndrome: A multicenter study; Background/Aim: The exon 3-deleted/full-length (d3/fl) growth hormone (GH) receptor (GHR) polymorphism has been associated with responsiveness to GH therapy in some diagnostic groups. However, there are still controversies on this issue. To evaluate the effect of the GHR exon 3 polymorphism on growth after 1 and 2 years of GH therapy in Turkish patients with GH deficiency (GHD) and Turner's syndrome (TS) and the distribution of GHR exon 3 isoforms. Materials and Methods: 218 patients with GHD (125 males/93 females) and 43 patients with TS were included in the study. The control group included 477 healthy adults aged from 18 to 57 years (54 females/423 males). Anthropometric parameters and insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-1 and IGF binding protein (IGFBP)-3 were evaluated annually. GHR isoforms were studied using simple multiplex PCR. Height and body mass index were expressed as standard deviation score (SDS). Results: There were no differences among TS, GHD and healthy adults regarding the distribution of GHR exon 3 isoforms (fl/fl, fl/d3 and d3/d3). There was a significant increase in height SDS in both diagnostic groups on GH therapy; however, there were neither differences in height SDS and Δheight velocity between fl/fl, fl/d3 and d3/d3 groups nor a correlation between the distribution of GHR exon 3 isoforms and change in IGF-1 SDS and IGFBP-3 SDS levels on GH therapy in either of the diagnostic groups. There was also no gender difference in GHR isoforms in healthy adults. Conclusion: The results suggest that responsiveness to GH therapy does not depend on the exon 3 GHR genotypes in GHD and TS patients. Copyright © 2012 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
The endocrine dysfunction after the traumatic brain injury in children and adolescents (a single prospective study); Backround: The neuroendocrine dysfunction after the traumatic brain injury (TBI) is described in 23- 60% of adults and 15-21% of children in retrospective studies. Objective: To find out the prevalence of the neuroendocrine dysfunction in children after the TBI and its dependence on the course of acute post-traumatic phase. Methods: We evaluated somatic development in 58 patients (29 boys) aftes TBI. They underwent standart endocrine tests: TSH, fT4, IGF-1, PRL, morning coortisol, FSH, LH, testosterone(in boys), estradiol(in girls), in early post-traumatic period(2- 14 days, T0)and in 3, 6 and 12 months after the injury(T3, T6, T12). Dynamics test were performed in patients with abnormalities in clinical examination and/or laboratory results. MRI was made in T12. Results: The median age in time of an injury was 11.3 (0,5-18,7) years. Twenty three patients had GSC<8/15. In T0 diabetes insipidus (DI) was occured in 12 patients and SIADH in 4 patients, hormonal changes simulated a central hypothyroidism in 45% of patients and a hypogonadotropic hypogonadism(HH) in 25% of adolescents. Combined pituitary hormones deficiency was found in 2 boys and DI in one patient in T3. A precocious puberty and growth hormone deficiency(GHD) were found in two boys in T6. In T12 a new endocrine dysfunction was diagnosed in five patients(2 had GHD, 2 had a HHand in one patient with a GHD a central hypothyroidism was confirmed). An empty sellahas been found on MRI in 2 patients. Patients with GCS<8 had hormonal dysfunction more often(6/23) compared to those with a medium trauma(3/35) and also they had more often DI or SIADH in T0. The occurrence of early endocrine dysfunction significantly correlated with severity of injury(p<0.05), but did not serve as an idnicator of development of late hormonal dysfunction (p=0.5). Conclusions: Within a year from an injury hormonal disorderhas occured in 15.5% of patients. Risk factors include severity of TBI, abnormalities in the brain-imaging techniques and DI or SIADH in acute posttraumatic phase. ER  - 
Age at menarche, the leg length to sitting height ratio, and risk of diabetes in middle-aged and elderly chinese men and women; Aims: To evaluate the associations of age at menarche and the leg length-to-sitting-height ratio, markers of adolescent growth, with risk of diabetes in later life. Materials and Methods: Information from 69,385 women and 55,311 men, aged 40-74 years from the Shanghai Women's Health Study and Shanghai Men's Health Study, were included in the current analyses. Diabetes status was ascertained through biennial in person follow-up. Cox models, with age as the time scale, were used. Results: There were 2369 cases of diabetes (1831 women; 538 men) during an average of 7.3 and 3.6 years of follow-up of the women and men, respectively. In females, menarche age was inversely associated with diabetes risk after adjustment for birth cohort, education, and income (HR = 0.95, 0.92-0.98). In both genders, leg length-to-sitting-height ratio was inversely related to diabetes (HR = 0.88, 0.80-0.97 for men; HR = 0.91, 0.86-0.96 for women) after adjustment for birth cohort, education, and income. Further adjustment for adult BMI at study enrollment completely eliminated the associations of age at menarche (HR = 0.99, 0.96-1.02) and the leg length-to-sitting-height ratio (HR = 1.00, 0.91-1.10 for men; HR = 1.01, 0.96-1.07 for women) with diabetes risk. Conclusions: Our study suggests that markers of an early age at peak height velocity, i.e. early menarche age and low leg-length-to-sitting height ratio, may be associated with diabetes risk later in life and this association is likely to be mediated through obesity. © 2012 Conway et al. ER  - 
Long-term effects of an inpatient weight-loss program in obese children and the role of genetic predisposition-rationale and design of the LOGIC-trial; Background: The prevalence of childhood obesity has increased worldwide, which is a serious concern as obesity is associated with many negative immediate and long-term health consequences. Therefore, the treatment of overweight and obesity in children and adolescents is strongly recommended. Inpatient weight-loss programs have shown to be effective particularly regarding short-term weight-loss, whilst little is known both on the long-term effects of this treatment and the determinants of successful weight-loss and subsequent weight maintenance.The purpose of this study is to evaluate the short, middle and long-term effects of an inpatient weight-loss program for children and adolescents and to investigate the likely determinants of weight changes, whereby the primary focus lies on the potential role of differences in polymorphisms of adiposity-relevant genes.Methods/Design: The study involves overweight and obese children and adolescents aged 6 to 19 years, who participate in an inpatient weight-loss program for 4 to 6 weeks. It started in 2006 and it is planned to include 1,500 participants by 2013. The intervention focuses on diet, physical activity and behavior therapy. Measurements are taken at the start and the end of the intervention and comprise blood analyses (DNA, lipid and glucose metabolism, adipokines and inflammatory markers), anthropometry (body weight, height and waist circumference), blood pressure, pubertal stage, and exercise capacity. Physical activity, dietary habits, quality of life, and family background are assessed by questionnaires. Follow-up assessments are performed 6 months, 1, 2, 5 and 10 years after the intervention: Children will complete the same questionnaires at all time points and visit their general practitioner for examination of anthropometric parameters, blood pressure and assessment of pubertal stage. At the 5 and 10 year follow-ups, blood parameters and exercise capacity will be additionally measured.Discussion: Apart from illustrating the short, middle and long-term effects of an inpatient weight-loss program, this study will contribute to a better understanding of inter-individual differences in the regulation of body weight, taking into account the role of genetic predisposition and lifestyle factors.Trial Registration: NCT01067157. © 2012 Rank et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Menopausal age, reproductive lifespan and type 2 diabetes risk: A case-cohort study (interact); Background: Early menopause and estrogen deficiency are important determinants of future health outcomes. While experimental data suggest a role for estrogens in glucose homeostasis, the relationship between menopausal age and type 2 diabetes (T2D) risk is relatively unexplored. Objective: To investigate associations of menopausal age and reproductive lifespan (defined as menopausal age minus age at menarche) with T2D risk. Methods: A case cohort study nested within the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC), including 3691 incident T2D cases and a random subcohort of 4408 postmenopausal women (including 235 incident diabetes cases). Prentice weighted Cox regression and random effect meta-analyses were used to investigate the associations between menopausal age, reproductive lifespan and T2D risk. Results: Earlier age at menopause was associated with an increased T2D risk. After adjustment for reproductive and classical T2D risk factors, the HRs across categories of menopausal age (< 40, 40-44, 45-49, 50-54 and 55 years) were 1.31 (1.01-1.69), 1.10 (0.91-1.34), 1.00 (0.88-1.13), 1.00 (reference) and 0.86 (0.70-1.05) respectively (P trend = 0.01). The association between reproductive lifespan and T2D risk was weaker: HRs across quartiles of reproductive lifespan were 1.18 (0.98-1.41), 1.02 (0.86-1.22), 0.96 (0.81-1.14) and 1.00 (reference) respectively (P trend = 0.02). No effect modification with body mass index, waist circumference or smoking status was observed (P interaction all > 0.05). Conclusion: Earlier age at menopause and a shorter reproductive lifespan are associated with an increased T2D risk, supporting a protective role for estrogens in metabolic disease risk. ER  - 
Obesity is associated with insulin resistance and components of the metabolic syndrome in Lebanese adolescents; Background: Prevalence of metabolic syndrome (MS) in obese adolescents has been reported to range between 1842%, depending on country of origin, thus suggesting an ethnic-based association between obesity and MS.Aim: This study aims to investigate the magnitude of the association between obesity, insulin resistance and components of MS among adolescents in Lebanon.Subjects and methods: The sample included 263 adolescents at 4th and 5 th Tanner stages of puberty (104 obese; 78 overweight; 81 normal weight). Anthropometric, biochemical and blood pressure measurements were performed. Body fat was assessed using dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry.Results: According to International Diabetes Federation criteria, MS was identified in 21.2% of obese, 3.8% of overweight and 1.2% of normal weight subjects. The most common metabolic abnormalities among subjects having MS were elevated waist circumference (96.2%), low HDL (96.2%) and hypertriglyceridemia (73.1%). Insulin resistance was identified in all subjects having MS. Regression analyses showed that percentage body fat, waist circumference and BMI were similar in their ability to predict the MS in this age group.Conclusions: MS was identified in a substantial proportion of Lebanese obese adolescents, thus highlighting the importance of early screening for obesity-associated metabolic abnormalities and of developing successful multi-component interventions addressing adolescent obesity. © 2012 Informa UK, Ltd. ER  - 
Thyroid dysfunction in obese pre-pubertal children: Oxidative stress as a potential pathogenetic mechanism; Although a relationship between obesity and hyperthyrotropinemia has been hypothesized in obese children, the underlying pathogenesis is not completely known. In the current cross-sectional study, we evaluated the thyroid function in a group of 80 obese pre-pubertal children compared to 41 healthy normal weight peers, exploring the possible association between hyperthyrotropinemia and oxidative stress. In all children, thyrotropin (TSH), free T4 (fT4), free T3 (fT3) and anti-thyroid antibodies were evaluated. Homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) level was evaluated as index of insulin resistance. We measured the endogenous secretory receptor for advanced glycation end products (esRAGE) and soluble RAGE (sRAGE) and the urinary prostaglandin F2α (PGF-2α) as markers of oxidative stress. We found that TSH levels were significantly higher in obese children than controls. TSH significantly correlated with body mass index-standard deviation score (BMI-SDS), HOMA-IR, PGF-2α, esRAGE and sRAGE. The multiple linear regression showed that in obese children HOMA-IR, PGF-2α, esRAGE and sRAGE were significantly related to TSH, independently of BMI-SDS, age and gender. In obese children, hyperthyrotropinemia could be detected already in pre-pubertal age. The increased oxidative stress might represent one of the key regulators of TSH levels, early in life. © 2012 Informa UK, Ltd. ER  - 
Effect of supplementation with cholecalciferol and calcium on 2-y bone mass accrual in HIV-infected children and adolescents: A randomized clinical trial; Background: Skeletal abnormalities have been reported in HIVinfected children and adolescents. Although the etiology is not well understood, vitamin D deficiency may be involved. Objective: The study objective was to evaluate the effect of vitamin D and calcium supplementation on bone mass accrual in HIV-infected youth. Design: Perinatally HIV-infected children were randomly assigned to receive vitamin D (100,000 IU cholecalciferol given every 2 mo) and calcium (1 g/d) (supplemented group) or double placebo (placebo group) for 2 y. The total-body bone mineral content (TBBMC), total-body bone mineral density (TBBMD), spine bone mineral content (SBMC), and spine bone mineral density (SBMD) were assessed by using dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry at baseline and at 2 annual follow-up visits. Results: Fifty-nine participants, aged 6-16 y, were randomly assigned to either the supplemented (n = 30) or the placebo (n = 29) group. At enrollment, supplemented and placebo groups did not differ with respect to age, sex, dietary intakes of vitamin D and calcium, mean baseline serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D] concentration, TBBMC, TBBMD, SBMC, or SBMD. Significant increases in serum 25(OH)D were observed in the supplemented group but not in the placebo group. TBBMC, TBBMD, SBMC, and SBMD increased significantly at 1 and 2 y in both groups. No between-group differences were observed at any time before or after adjustment for stage of sexual maturation by mixed linear model analysis. Conclusion: One gram of calcium per day and oral cholecalciferol at a dosage of 100,000 IU every 2 mo administered to HIV-infected children and adolescents did not affect bone mass accrual despite significant increases in serum 25(OH)D concentrations. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00724178. © 2012 American Society for Nutrition. ER  - 
Breakfast skipping in prepubertal obese children: Hormonal, metabolic and cognitive consequences; Background and Aims: Skipping breakfast influences cognitive performance. The aim of our study was to investigate the relationship between the variation of hormonal and metabolic postprandial parameters induced by breakfast consumption or fasting and cognitive performance in obese children. Methods: Cross-sectional study for repeated measures. Memory and attention assessment tests, hormones and nutrient oxidation were measured before and after consuming breakfast vs fasting in 10 prepubertal obese children. Results: Fasting induced a significant (P<0.05) increase of the Overall Index of the Continuous Performance Test II (a global index of inattention) and the Test of Memory and Learning Word Selective Reminding (a test of verbal memory), whereas no changes were found after breakfast. Fasting was associated with a reduction of insulin and an increase in glucagon, with no changes in glucose. The increase in inattention was associated with a reduction of carbohydrate oxidation (ρ=-0.66, P<0.05). We found no difference in the area under the curve of peptide YY and glucagon-like peptide-1 after breakfast or fasting, whereas Ghrelin was significantly lower. No association between postprandial hormone variation and cognitive performance was found. Conclusions: Attention and visual memory performance in the morning were reduced when the children skipped breakfast. No association was found with hormones or metabolic changes, but we did find an association with a reduction of carbohydrate oxidation. Nevertheless, these preliminary findings need confirmation in larger sample size. © 2012 Macmillan Publishers Limited All rights reserved. ER  - 
Endocrine health problems detected in 519 patients evaluated in a pediatric cancer survivor program; Context: Many pediatric cancer survivors have endocrine conditions. Surveillance for late effects is recommended by national guidelines. Endocrine surveillance is recommended after alkylating agents, steroids, methotrexate, and radiation. Objective: The objective of the study was to describe the endocrine outcomes in patients followed up in a program that uses national screening guidelines. Design: The design of the study was a medical records review. Setting: The study was conducted in the Comprehensive Cancer Survivor Program, an academic pediatric oncology program. Participants: The study included 519 pediatric and young adult survivors of noncentral nervous system childhood malignancies between January 1, 2001, and December 15, 2005. Intervention: Patients were evaluated with history, physical examinations, and evaluations recommended in the Children's Oncology Group's Long-Term Follow-Up Guidelines for Survivors of Childhood, Adolescent and Young Adult Cancers. Outcome Measures: The frequency and types of endocrine conditions were measured. Results: Four hundred eighty endocrine conditions were observed in 299 survivors (57.6% of survivors). The most common types of endocrine conditions were problems with weight and gonadal function. In a Cox regression model, stem cell transplant, radiation, and older age at cancer diagnosis were associated with higher hazard of an endocrine condition. Radiation, stem cell transplant, and sarcoma diagnosis were associated with growth problems. Conclusions: Endocrine disorders werecommonafter pediatric cancers. Endocrinologists should be aware of national guidelines, anticipate referral of pediatric cancer survivors, and participate in further research to optimize screening for and treatment of endocrine effects of cancer therapy. Copyright © 2012 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Age before stage: Insulin resistance rises before the onset of puberty: A 9-year longitudinal study (EarlyBird 26); OBJECTIVE - Insulin resistance (IR) is associated with diabetes. IR is higher during puberty in both sexes, with some studies showing the increase to be independent of changes in adiposity. Few longitudinal studies have reported on children, and it remains unclear when the rise in IR that is often attributed to puberty really begins. We sought to establish from longitudinal data its relationship to pubertal onset, and interactions with age, sex, adiposity, and IGF-1. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - The Early Bird Diabetes study is a longitudinal prospective cohort study of healthy children aged 5-14 years. Homeostasis model assessment (HOMA-IR), skinfolds (SSF), adiposity (percent fat, measured by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry), serum leptin, and IGF-1 were measured annually in 235 children (134 boys). Pubertal onset was adduced from Tanner stage (TS) and from the age at which luteinizing hormone (LH) first became serially detectable (≥0.2 international units /L). RESULTS - IR rose progressively from age 7 years, 3-4 years before TS2 was reached or LH became detectable. Rising adiposity and IGF-1 together explained 34% of the variance in IR in boys and 35% in girls (both P < 0.001) over the 3 years preceding pubertal onset. The contribution of IGF-1 to IR was greater in boys, despite their comparatively lower IGF-1 levels. CONCLUSIONS - IR starts to rise in mid-childhood, some years before puberty. Its emergence relates more to the age of the child than to pubertal onset. More than 60% of the variation in IR prior to puberty was unexplained. The demography of childhood diabetes is changing, and prepubertal IR may be important. © 2012 by the American Diabetes Association. ER  - 
Metabolomic profiling of fatty acid and amino acid metabolism in youth with obesity and type 2 diabetes: Evidence for enhanced mitochondrial oxidation; OBJECTIVE - We compared acylcarnitine (AcylCN) species, common amino acid and fat oxidation (FOX) byproducts, and plasma amino acids in normal weight (NW; n = 39), obese (OB; n = 64), and type 2 diabetic (n = 17) adolescents. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - Fasting plasma was analyzed by tandem mass spectrometry, body composition by dual energy X-ray absorptiometry and computed tomography, and total-body lipolysis and substrate oxidation by [2H 5]glycerol and indirect calorimetry, respectively. In vivo insulin sensitivity (IS) was assessed with a 3-h hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp. RESULTS - Long-chain AcylCNs (C18:2-CN to C14:0-CN) were similar among the three groups. Medium- to short-chain AcylCNs (except C8 and C10) were significantly lower in type 2 diabetes compared with NW, and when compared with OB, C2-, C6-, and C10-CN were lower. Amino acid concentrations were lower in type 2 diabetes compared with NW. Fasting lipolysis and FOX were higher in OB and type 2 diabetes compared with NW, and the negative association of FOX to C10:1 disappeared after controlling for adiposity, Tanner stage, and sex. IS was lower in OB and type 2 diabetes with positive associations between IS and arginine, histidine, and serine after adjusting for adiposity, Tanner stage, and sex. CONCLUSIONS - These metabolomics results, together with the increased rates of in vivo FOX, are not supportive of defective fatty acid or amino acid metabolism in obesity and type 2 diabetes in youth. Such observations are consistent with early adaptive metabolic plasticity in youth, which over time - with continued obesity and aging - may become dysfunctional, as observed in adults. © 2012 by the American Diabetes Association. ER  - 
Associations of physical activity and fitness with adipocytokines in adolescents: The AFINOS study; Background and aims: Adipocytokines may have a key role in the development of atherosclerosis and type 2 diabetes. The purpose of this study was to examine the independent and joint associations of physical activity (PA), cardiorespiratory fitness (CRF) and muscular fitness (MF) with adiponectin and leptin in adolescents. Methods and results: A sample of 198 adolescents (96 girls), aged 13-17-year, was selected. Participants completed anthropometric measurements (height, weight, and waist circumference) and percentage of body fat (%BF) was estimated by bioelectrical impedance. PA was measured by accelerometer for 7-day. The 20-m shuttle-run test was used to assess CRF and two MF tests (handgrip strength and standing broad jump) were used to create an MF score. A cluster score of health status (0-3 risks) was created. Serum adiponectin and plasma leptin were also determined. Regression analyses controlling for age, sex, pubertal status and waist circumference showed that PA was not significantly associated with adiponectin and vigorous PA showed a significant inverse association with leptin. Both CRF and MF were significantly and inversely associated with adiponectin and leptin. Further analyses revealed that the 'healthy' group (0 risks) had significantly lower adiponectin and leptin than 'medium-healthy' (1 risk) and 'unhealthy' (2-3 risks) status groups. Conclusions: PA, CRF and MF are inversely and jointly associated with adiponectin and leptin concentrations in adolescents. © 2010 Elsevier B.V. ER  - 
CRP is related to higher leptin levels in minority peripubertal females regardless of adiposity levels; Overweight is related to higher levels of C-reactive protein (CRP) and leptin, which have been independently associated with increased risk for diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and the metabolic syndrome. Elevated CRP may trigger leptin resistance by inhibiting the binding of leptin to its receptors. We cross-sectionally examined the relationship between CRP, leptin, BMI z-score, percent body fat (%BF) assessed by air plethysmography (BodPod), and insulin sensitivity (SI) and acute insulin response (AIRg) measured by intravenous glucose tolerance test in 51 Latina and African-American females (77% Latina), mean age 9.2 (±0.9) years, at either Tanner Pubertal Stage (TPS) 1 (n = 25) or TPS 2 (n = 26). Females at TPS 2 had higher BMI z-scores, %BF (23% ± 10.1 vs. 30% ± 10.0, P = 0.02), AIRg (976.7 ± 735.2 vs. 1555.3 ± 1,223 μIU/ml, P = 0.05), fasting insulin (11.0 ± 10.8 vs. 17.2 ± 13.6 μlU/ml, P = 0.00) and leptin levels (11.0 ± 7.1 vs. 19.6 ± 10.9 ng/ml, P < 0.001) than those at TPS 1. There were no ethnic differences in any of the measured variables. CRP was positively correlated with BMI z-score (P = 0.001), %BF (P = 0.006), fasting insulin and AIRg (P = 0.02), and fasting leptin (P = 0.00), and negatively correlated with SI (P = 0.05). A linear regression model showed that CRP independently explained 10% (P = 0.00) of the variance in leptin after adjusting %BF, TPS, ethnicity, habitual physical activity and SI. Hence, low-grade inflammation may contribute to prolonged leptin exposure and leptin resistance, even in healthy children. © 2011 The Obesity Society. ER  - 
Diet, physical, and biochemical characteristics of children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes: Relationship between dietary fat and glucose control; Background: Nutritional habits may significantly influence glycemic control and cardiovascular risk factors in youth with type 1 diabetes (T1D). Aims: To assess dietary intake, cardiovascular risk factors, and the association between diet composition and glycemic control in Italian youth with T1D. Methods: Subjects included 114 youth aged 6-16 yr with T1D receiving a routine treatment program with nutrition counseling and 448 controls. Cross-sectional measures included dietary intake, anthropometry, blood pressure, lipid profile, and, in children with diabetes, HbA1c. Results: In prepubertal children, BMI, subcutaneous skinfolds, the prevalence of overweight/obesity, and LDL cholesterol (LDL-CH) were significantly lower in patients than in controls, whereas HDL cholesterol (HDL-CH) was higher. Pubertal boys with T1D did not differ significantly from controls in either anthropometry or lipid profile. Pubertal girls with T1D had a higher BMI and higher triceps skinfolds than controls but not significantly different prevalence of overweight/obesity or lipid profile. Compared to controls, participants with T1D had a lower intake of lipids and simple carbohydrates, a higher ratio of unsaturated/saturated fats and fibre, and a dietary intake closer to the National Reference Dietary Intakes (RDIs). The odds of having an HbA1c higher than 7.5, adjusted for BMI, lipid, and fibre intake, increases by 53% for every 1% increase of energy intake from saturated fat in the diet and by 30% for every year of duration of diabetes. Conclusions: Youth with T1D having regular nutritional counseling had a diet closer to RDIs than controls and not different cardiovascular risk factors. High saturated fatty acid intake was associated with poor blood glucose control. © 2011 John Wiley & Sons A/S. ER  - 
Which obese youth are at increased risk for type 2 diabetes? Latent class analysis and comparison with diabetic youth; Purpose: Most obese youth screened for diabetes have normal fasting glucose levels. Identification of youth with increased risk for type 2 diabetes (T2D) is needed within this large population to guide further management. Methods: Retrospective chart review was performed for obese youth, 8-20 yr old, who met American Diabetes Association criteria for screening (OB) or had T2D (D). Measures included body mass index z-score (BMIz) and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) by fasting plasma glucose (FPG) and insulin. Statistics compared OB with D and further examined OB by latent class analysis (LCA). Results: Normal FPG was found in 91.5% of all obese youth (OBt n = 94) Comparison of OB with normal FPG (OBng; n = 86) and D (n = 44) was significant for family history of T2D (p = 0.008) without other associations. Evaluation of OBng by LCA showed three classes with increasing BMIz and HOMA-IR. Class 3 (32.5%; BMIz 2.66 ± 0.38; HOMA-IR 6.72 ± 2.29) differed from classes 1 and 2 (p < 0.05), and was associated with family history of T2D. Conclusion: Currently recommended screening of obese youth by FPG is normal in 91.5%, but lacks further information to detect increased risk for youth-onset T2D. Evaluation of obese youth by LCA identified one third (class 3) in whom the combination of higher levels of BMIz, HOMA-IR, and family history suggests the greatest risk for T2D and targets them for further evaluation and intensive preventative management. © 2011 John Wiley & Sons A/S. ER  - 
Age at menarche is associated with prediabetes and diabetes in women (aged 32-81 years) from the general population: The KORA F4 Study; Aims/hypothesis: The aim of this study was to examine the association between age at menarche and prediabetes as well as diabetes, considering confounding factors and the possible mediating role of adult obesity. Methods: This cross-sectional study analysed data on 1,503 women aged 32-81 years from the German population-based KORA (Cooperative Health Research in the Region of Augsburg, South Germany) F4 Study (2006-2008). Data were collected by standardised interviews, physical examinations, and whole blood and serum measurements, including administration of an OGTT in non-diabetic participants. Results: Of the 1,503 women, 226 showed a prediabetic state (impaired fasting glucose and/or impaired glucose tolerance) and 140 persons had diabetes (45 participants with previously undiagnosed diabetes and 95 with known diabetes). In Poisson regression analysis, age at menarche was significantly inversely associated with prediabetes or diabetes after adjustment for year of birth (RR 0.88; 95% CI 0.82, 0.94, p<0.0001 per additional year of menarche) and after additional adjustment for a number of confounding factors (RR 0.88; 95% CI 0.83, 0.94, p=0.0001). Further adjustment for current BMI slightly attenuated the association with prediabetes or diabetes (RR 0.89; 95% CI 0.83, 0.95, p=0.0009), but the association remained clearly significant. Conclusions/interpretation: Age at menarche seems to be inversely associated with prediabetes and diabetes independent of confounding factors including current BMI. Women at risk for diabetes might be identified by a history of young age at menarche. © 2011 Springer-Verlag. ER  - 
Pubertal muscle mass and diabetes markers in Chinese adolescents; Objectives: Diabetes is common in China despite a relatively nonobese population. We hypothesized that testosterone driven muscle mass acquisition at puberty may be relevant. We examined the associations of testosterone with muscle mass and of muscle mass with fasting glucose in Chinese adolescents. Methods: In 40 adolescents (20 boys and 20 girls, age 12.9 ± 0.1 years) from Hong Kong's "Children of 1997" birth cohort, we used multivariable linear regression to assess adjusted associations of testosterone and fasting glucose (from a morning blood sample) with muscle and fat mass from a dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry scan. Results: Testosterone was positively associated with muscle mass (0.05 kg, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.01 to 0.09, per pg/ml testosterone). Muscle mass was associated with lower glucose (-0.04 mmol/l, 95% CI -0.08 to -0.01 per kg muscle mass) adjusted for sex and fat mass. Conclusions: Environmentally driven muscle mass acquisition at puberty could influence diabetes. © 2012 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. ER  - 
Dietary glycaemic index and glycaemic load in relation to body mass index, body composition and waist circumference in post pubertal adolescents from Bedfordshire; Glycaemic index (GI) and Glycaemic load (GL) have been positively associated with body mass index (BMI)(1) and obesity related cardiometabolic risk factors in adults(2), but limited research exists for such relationships in adolescent populations. The associations of GI and GL with adiposity measures were assessed in 14-19 year old, postpubertal adolescents (n = 47) from Bedfordshire, U.K. Data were collected as part of ongoing research studies; the SIRENS study (study of insulin resistance factors using exercise and nutritional strategies) and the CROSSROADS study (cross sectional study: risk of adolescent disease). Dietary intake was recorded using 3 day weighed food diaries and analysed using Compeat® nutritional analysis software. Macronutrient intake, as well as GI and GL were adjusted for energy intake using the residuals method(3). Other measures included BMI, body fat percentage (%BF), waist circumference (WC) and a maximal test of cardiorespiratory fitness (VO2 peak). (Table presented) Backward multiple linear regression was used to analyse the contribution of dietary factors in predicting adiposity (BMI, %BF and WC). Predictor variables entered into the model were: adjusted intakes of GI, GL, carbohydrate (CHO), protein (PRO), fat and fibre as well as cardiorespiratory fitness, ethnicity and sex. Primary analysis revealed that GI and GL were not significant predictors of any adiposity measures. However, when analysed separately according to sex, VO2 peak (negative) and GI (positive) were significant predictors of BMI (F = 18.489; P<0.001), %BF (F = 14.509; P<0.001) and WC (F = 16.870; P<0.001) in males, explaining 60.3%, 70.1%, and 58% of the variance, respectively. In females, GL (positive) was a significant predictor of WC, with VO2 peak, PRO, Fat and CHO (negative) also contributing to the model (F = 11.528; P<0.001) which explained 74.2% of the variance between WC and the predictor variables. In conclusion, in this sample of U.K. adolescents, increased dietary GI in males and GL in females are associated with higher values of adiposity. Increased adiposity, particularly when centrally located, is known to contribute to an increased risk of poor cardiometabolic health(4), thus a diet lower in GI and GL may promote good health in this population. ER  - 
Visfatin levels in prepubertal children born small or large for gestational Age; Children born small (SGA) or large (LGA) for gestational age are prone to develop insulin resistance (IR) during childhood. Visfatin, a hormone with insulin-mimetic actions, has been associated with IR. This study was designed to examine whether serum level of visfatin is correlated with metabolic indices of IR, in prepuberty in association with the intrauterine growth pattern. The following parameters were evaluated at a mean age of 6.51.2 years in 155 prepubertal children born appropriate for the gestational age (AGA) (n=63), or SGA (n=42), or LGA (n=50): serum levels of visfatin, adiponectin, leptin, fasting glucose (G and insulin (I, the homeostasis model assessment IR index (HOMA-IR), plasma lipids, anthropometric indices at birth and the time of evaluation, and obesity indices [waist circumference (WC), body mass index (BMI) and skinfold thickness]. The mean serum level of visfatin was lower in the SGA than in the AGA and the LGA children (95.2 vs. 11.85.1 and 12.75.6ng/ml, respectively, p<0.01). Girls had lower visfatin levels than boys (10.44.3ng/ml vs. 12.56.7ng/ml, p<0.05). Visfatin was not correlated with IR indices. In multiple regression analysis visfatin level was positively correlated with birth weight z-score (t=2.56, beta=0.24, p<0.01) and crown to heel z-score (t=2.46, beta=0.22, p=0.014), independent of age, gender, maternal weight before pregnancy, maternal weight gain during pregnancy, BMI z-score, WC z-score, serum leptin and adiponectin, and HOMA-IR. In conclusion serum visfatin level was lower in prepubertal SGA children but not correlated with IR indices. Low birth weight was an independent predictor of visfatin level. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG • Stuttgart New York. ER  - 
How adiponectin correlates with disease duration and atherogenic indices in type 1 diabetes; Background: The most common childhood-onset endocrine metabolic disorder, type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM), is usually an autoimmune disease. Adiponectin, an adipocyte-derived hormone, shows beneficial effects in both improving insulin sensitivity and mitigating vascular damage while enhancing cardioprotection. Objectives: Our aim was to investigate the relationship between adiponectin and plasma cardiovascular risk assessment ratios as atherogenic indices and diabetes duration in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus in Egypt. Subjects and methods: Sixty clinically diagnosed T1DM patients subdivided according to diabetes duration were enrolled into the study. In addition, twenty healthy controls with comparable socioeconomic, age, body mass index, Tanner stage and sex distribution were selected for the study. We measured glycaemic control indices, lipid profiles, total adiponectin, microalbumin and urinary creatinine, estimated albumin-to-creatinine ratios, and subjected the results to statistical analysis. Results: Total adiponectin was significantly elevated in serum from children and adolescents with T1DM regardless of duration of disease. Adiponectin inversely correlated with triglyceride (TG) levels. Conclusion: Total serum adiponectin is elevated in T1DM regardless of disease duration; adiponectin does not correlate with atherogenic indices. ER  - 
GAD65 antigen therapy in recently diagnosed type 1 diabetes mellitus; BACKGROUND: The 65-kD isoform of glutamic acid decarboxylase (GAD65) is a major autoantigen in type 1 diabetes. We hypothesized that alum-formulated GAD65 (GAD-alum) can preserve beta-cell function in patients with recent-onset type 1 diabetes. METHODS: We studied 334 patients, 10 to 20 years of age, with type 1 diabetes, fasting C-peptide levels of more than 0.3 ng per milliliter (0.1 nmol per liter), and detectable serum GAD65 autoantibodies. Within 3 months after diagnosis, patients were randomly assigned to receive one of three study treatments: four doses of GAD-alum, two doses of GAD-alum followed by two doses of placebo, or four doses of placebo. The primary outcome was the change in the stimulated serum C-peptide level (after a mixedmeal tolerance test) between the baseline visit and the 15-month visit. Secondary outcomes included the glycated hemoglobin level, mean daily insulin dose, rate of hypoglycemia, and fasting and maximum stimulated C-peptide levels. RESULTS: The stimulated C-peptide level declined to a similar degree in all study groups, and the primary outcome at 15 months did not differ significantly between the combined active-drug groups and the placebo group (P = 0.10). The use of GAD-alum as compared with placebo did not affect the insulin dose, glycated hemoglobin level, or hypoglycemia rate. Adverse events were infrequent and mild in the three groups, with no significant differences. CONCLUSIONS: Treatment with GAD-alum did not significantly reduce the loss of stimulated C peptide or improve clinical outcomes over a 15-month period. (Funded by Diamyd Medical and the Swedish Child Diabetes Foundation; ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT00723411.) Copyright © 2012 Massachusetts Medical Society. ER  - 
Plasma C-type natriuretic peptide forms and thyroid status in prepubertal children with acquired thyroid disease; Objective C-type natriuretic peptide (CNP) and thyroid hormone (TH) are essential for normal skeletal growth. Plasma CNP peptides correlate with growth velocity, but the relationship between thyroid status and CNP production is unknown. This study examined the impact of restoring normal TH levels on CNP and height velocity (HV) in children with acquired hypo- and hyperthyroidism. Design We performed a prospective, observational study in prepubertal children with acquired hypothyroidism (n = 15) and hyperthyroidism (n = 12). Measurements Blood levels of CNP, amino-terminal proCNP (NTproCNP), bone-specific alkaline phosphatase (BSAP), IGF-I and TH levels were measured before and during the first 6 months of standard treatment for hypo- and hyperthyroidism, and correlations were determined. Results At baseline, HV, CNP, NTproCNP and BSAP were significantly higher in hyper- than in hypothyroid subjects. Changes in TH after treatment were closely coupled to change in CNP and NTproCNP in hyperthyroid, but not in hypothyroid, children. In addition, a positive association of HV with CNP peptides was found during treatment of hyperthyroidism. Normalizing TH did not correlate with changes in BSAP or IGF-I in either group. Conclusions Plasma CNP peptides are higher in children with hyperthyroidism than in those with hypothyroidism at diagnosis and, in hyperthyroid children, change concordantly with TH and HV during treatment. Differential responses of CNP in the two groups suggest CNP production is dependent on growth plate activity and not a direct effect of TH on CNP gene expression. Our findings suggest novel mechanisms underlying changes in skeletal response during treatment in children with acquired thyroid disease. © 2011 Blackwell Publishing Ltd. ER  - 
Familial background of complex diseases in PCOS probands of south Indian population; Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS) is a common reproductive health problem associated with long term complications. It is a condition of high clinical heterogeneity with familial clustering, however, the mode of inheritance is still controversial. A number of candidate genes have been implicated in susceptibility to PCOS, suggesting a strong role of genetic factor in the aetiopathogenesis of PCOS. The aim of the present study was to determine possible association between PCOS and family history of complex genetic diseases such as PCOS, Menstrual disturbance, type II Diabetes and Cardiovascular diseases. A total of 432 individuals comprising of 206 patients and 226 controls were involved in the present study. Clinical information, anthropometric measurements and three generation pedigree data with respect to CD was collected through proforma. Twenty five percent of PCOS probands exhibited clinical hyperandrogenism in the form of hirsutism, acne, premature pubarche and alopecia. Eighteen percent showed acanthosis, a marker for insulin resistance. Twenty percent of the patients were under the category of amenorrhea; while remaining 75% of cases were either with primary/secondary infertility. The anthropometric analysis revealed higher BMI and W/H ratio in the patient group compared to the controls. A high frequency of PCOS women exhibited the prevalence of complex diseases in their families compared to the control families (60 vs. 20%; p<0.05). It is suggested that complex diseases provide significant genetic background for the susceptibility to develop this multifactorial disorder in a section of patients. © 2012 Asian Network for Scientific Information. ER  - 
High prevalence of hirsutism and menstrual disorders in obese adolescent girls and adolescent girls with type 1 diabetes mellitus despite different hormonal profiles; Objectives: To compare the pubertal development, the hormonal profiles and the prevalence of hirsutism and menstrual disorders in obese adolescent girls and adolescent girls with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM). Methods: Data were collected from 96 obese adolescent girls and 78 adolescent girls with T1DM at Tanner stage IV or V, whose ages ranged between 11.9 and 17.9 years. Results: High prevalence of hirsutism and menstrual disorder was found in the obese adolescent girls (36.5 and 42% respectively) and the adolescent girls with T1DM (21 and 44% respectively). The obese girls were significantly younger at pubarche, thelarche and menarche than the girls with T1DM. Hirsutism in the obese girls and those with T1DM was associated with hyperandrogenaemia and a raised free androgen index (FAI).When the cause of the raised FAI was investigated in both the groups of girls with hirsutism, the raised FAI in the obese girls was due to low serum sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) levels. In contrast, the raised FAI of the girls with T1DM and hirsutism was due to hyperandrogenaemia. Menstrual disorders in the T1DM girls were associated also with hyperandrogenaemia unlike obese girls. Conclusions: Hirsutism and menstrual disorders are common in obese adolescent girls and adolescent girls with T1DM. Although hyperandrogenaemia is present in both groups of girls, the androgenic profiles of the two groups differ. The hyperandrogenaemia in the obese girls is primarily due to their decreased serum SHBG levels, whereas the hyperandrogenaemia in the girls with T1DM is due to their increased androgen production. © 2012 European Society of Endocrinology. ER  - 
The relation of vitamin D deficiency with puberty and insulin resistance in obese children and adolescents; The prevalence of obesity among children and adolescents has been rapidly increasing in recent years. Obese individuals are at risk for vitamin D deficiency. The aim of this study was to investigate the relation of vitamin D deficiency with puberty and insulin resistance in obese children and adolescents. A total of 106 children and adolescents (48 prepubertal and 58 pubertal) between 8 and 16 years of age were included in the study. Fasting blood glucose, insulin, lipid profile, calcium, phosphorus, alkaline phosphatase, parathyroid hormone, 25-hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D] levels, as well as blood glucose and insulin concentrations at 120 min of oral glucose tolerance test were measured. Insulin resistance was calculated using the homeostasis model assessment. Daily vitamin D intake was questioned. Serum 25(OH)D level was normal in only 3.8 %, insufficient in 34.0 %, and deficient in 62.2 % of the subjects. There was a statistically significant rate of 25(OH)D deficiency in the pubertal group compared with that in the prepubertal group. Those subjects with 25(OH)D defi- ciency were found to have greater insulin resistance. Vitamin D deficiency is common among obese children and adolescents. Low vitamin D levels in obese individuals may accelerate the development of metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes mellitus, and cardiovascular disease by further increasing insulin resistance. © 2012 by Walter de Gruyter. ER  - 
Prevalence of components of the metabolic syndrome according to birthweight among overweight and obese children and adolescents; Background/objectives: Extremes of birthweight (BW) have been associated with increased rates of metabolic risks. The objective was to study the prevalence of metabolic risks markers among obese and overweight (OW) subjects according to BW. Subjects/methods: A cross-sectional study was performed in a cohort of 1002 patients (2 - 18 years, 40.6 % male) evaluated for OW or obese subjects in two private clinics. Anthropometrics, fasting lipids, glycemia, and insulin were obtained. Results: Of the subjects, 76.1 % were born appropriate for gestational age (AGA), 10.9 % small for gestational age (SGA), and 13 % large for gestational age (LGA). Children born LGA presented a more severe degree of obesity compared with those born AGA and SGA (p < 0.0001). No differences in glycemia, insulin, and lipid levels were detected among the groups. Abnormal glucose was found in 37 subjects: one with type 2 diabetes mellitus (from the previously glucoseintolerant subjects), 10 with glucose intolerance, and 27 with impaired fasting glucose. According to Boney criteria, 6.6 % of the patients (6 - 18 years old) exhibited metabolic syndrome (MS) (69.4 % AGA, 12.9 % SGA, and 17.7 % LGA). Conclusions: Being born LGA represents a higher risk of severe obesity. At this age, the most frequent component of MS was an abnormal lipid profi le with low high-density lipoprotein and high triglycerides. Finally, the most frequent fi nding associated with abnormalities of glucose tolerance was a family history of diabetes. Thus, BW, lipid profi le, and family history are mandatory when these patients are evaluated. © 2012 by Walter de Gruyter. ER  - 
Impact of childhood obesity treatment on body composition and metabolic profile; Background: Childhood obesity is associated with adverse changes in cardiometabolic risk factors. A family-oriented group program stressing a health-promoting lifestyle has been more effective than routine counselling in the treatment of obesity in school children. The aim of the present study was to compare the impact of group program and routine councelling on body composition and metabolic profile, and to evaluate the associations of changes in adiposity with levels of cardiometabolic risk factors. Methods: Seventy obese prepubertal children were randomized into family-oriented group program (15 sessions for parents and children) and routine counselling (2 appointments for children). Body mass index (BMI), body composition and different metabolic risk factors were assessed before and after the 6-month intervention. Results: Waist/height decreased more in the children attending the group treatment, but there were no significant differences between treatment arms in the changes of metabolic risk factors. When the arms were analyzed as combined, serum triglycerides decreased significantly if BMI standard deviation score (BMI-SDS) decreased ≥0.5. Serum fasting insulin decreased if BMI-SDS decreased ≥0.25. Conclusions: Obesity-related metabolic risk factors reduced in prepubertal children if BMI-SDS decreased substantially. This result was not dependent on which intervention, family-oriented group program or routine counselling, was used. ©Children's Hospital, Zhejiang University School of Medicine, China and Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2011. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Relationship between fatty liver and glucose metabolism: A cross-sectional study in 571 obese children; Background and aims: Early onset type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is associated with obesity, insulin resistance and impaired beta-cell function. Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) may be an independent risk factor for T2DM. We investigated the relationship between NAFLD and glucose metabolism in a large sample of obese children. Methods and Results: A total of 571 obese children (57% males and 43% females) aged 8-18 years were consecutively studied at a tertiary care centre specialised in paediatric obesity. Liver ultrasonography was used to diagnose NAFLD after exclusion of hepatitis B and C and alcohol consumption. Oral-glucose tolerance testing (OGTT) was performed; insulin sensitivity was evaluated by using the insulin sensitivity index (ISI) and beta-cell function by using the ratio between the incremental areas under the curve (AUC) of insulin and glucose (incAUCins/incAUCglu). A total of 41% of the obese children had NAFLD. Impaired glucose tolerance or T2DM was present in 25% of the children with NAFLD versus 8% of those without it (p< 0.001). Children with NAFLD had higher body mass index (BMI), fasting glucose, 120-min OGTT glucose, incAUCins/incAUCglu and lower ISI as compared with children without NAFLD (p≤ 0.002). At bootstrapped multivariable median regression analysis controlling for gender, age, pubertal status and BMI, NAFLD was an independent predictor of 120-min OGTT glucose and ISI, but not of incAUCins/incAUCglu. Similar findings were obtained using continuous liver steatosis as the predictor, instead of dichotomous NAFLD. Conclusion: NAFLD was present in 41% of our obese children and was associated with higher insulin resistance, but not with impaired beta-cell function. © 2010 Elsevier B.V. ER  - 
Impaired insulin sensitivity and elevated ectopic fat in healthy obese vs. Nonobese prepubertal children; Insulin sensitivity is impaired and ectopic fat (accretion of lipids outside of typical adipose tissue depots) increased in obese adults and adolescents. It is unknown how early in life this occurs; thus, it is important to evaluate young children to identify potential factors leading to the development of metabolic syndrome. We examined an ethnically diverse cohort of healthy, exclusively prepubertal children (N = 123; F = 57, M = 66; age 8.04±0.77 years) to examine differences in insulin sensitivity and ectopic and visceral fat deposition between obese and nonobese youth. Obesity was categorized by age-and sex-adjusted BMI z-scores (nonobese = z-score < 2 (N = 94) and obese = z-score ≥2 (N = 29)). Insulin sensitivity was assessed by both a frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test (S i) and the homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMAIR). Intramyocellular lipids (IMCLs) from soleus and intrahepatic lipids (IHLs) were assessed by magnetic resonance spectroscopy, visceral adipose tissue (VAT) by magnetic resonance imaging, and total body fat by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry. We also examined serum lipids (total cholesterol, triglycerides, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol) and blood pressure (diastolic and systolic). Obese children exhibited significantly lower S i (5.9±5.98 vs. 13.43±8.18 (mν/l)-1 min-1, P = 0.01) and HDL-C and higher HOMAIR (1.68, P = 0.01) and HDL-C and higher HOMA1.49 vs. 0.63, P = 0.01) and HDL-C and higher HOMA0.47, P <0.0001), IMCL (0.74±, P = 0.01) and HDL-C and higher HOMA0.39 vs. 0.44±0.21% water peak, P <0.0001), IHL (1.49±1.13 vs. 0.54±0.42% water peak, P <0.0001), VAT (20.16±8.01 vs. 10.62±5.44 cm2, P <0.0001), total cholesterol, triglycerides, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and systolic blood pressure relative to nonobese children. These results confirm significantly increased ectopic fat and insulin resistance in healthy obese vs. nonobese children prior to puberty. Excessive adiposity during early development appears concomitant with precursors of type 2 diabetes and the metabolic syndrome. © 2011 The Obesity Society. ER  - 
The possible role of esRAGE and sRAGE in the natural history of diabetic nephropathy in childhood; The advanced glycation end products/receptor for advanced glycation end products (AGE-RAGE) pathway is a key mediator of glomerular changes in type 1 diabetes. We evaluated endogenous secretory (es)RAGE and soluble (s) RAGE concentrations in 64 pre-pubertal and pubertal normoalbuminuric patients with type 1 diabetes and compared the values with those of 62 controls matched for age, gender and Tanner pubertal stages. We also explored the possible association of their concentrations with early signs of diabetic nephropathy, defined as changes in kidney volume and estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR). Significantly lower concentrations of both esRAGE and sRAGE were documented in pre-pubertal (p=0.003 and p =0.001) and pubertal (p =0.002 and p=0.001) subjects with type 1 diabetes than in the controls. In both groups of patients with type 1 diabetes, the eGFR (pre-pubertal p=0.01 and pubertal p=0.01) and the mean value of kidney volume adjusted for body surface (pre-pubertal p=0.003 and pubertal p=0.002) were higher than those of the controls. The regression analysis showed an inverse relationship between esRAGE and body surface-adjusted mean kidney volume (p=0.0004, r =-0.503). esRAGE and sRAGE concentrations were lower in normoalbuminuric youths with type 1 diabetes than in their healthy peers. The inverse association between esRAGE levels and early kidney alterations suggests a potential role of esRAGE in diabetic nephropathy. © IPNA 2011. ER  - 
Interrelationship of extent of precocious adrenarche in appropriate for gestational age girls with clinical outcome; Objective: To assess the interrelationship between extent of adrenarche at presentation in girls with precocious adrenarche (PA) born appropriate for gestational age and their growth pattern, pubertal course and adult height. Study design: We reviewed clinical and laboratory data from medical charts of 85 girls with PA aged 5.0 to 8.8 years at referral, stratified in 3 subgroups according to bone age (BA) minus chronological age (CA) ≤0 years; 0 <BA minus CA <1 year; BA minus CA >1 year. Results: Extent of pubarche and dehydroepiandrosterone-sulfate levels were greatest in the BA-CA >1 subgroup (P =.02, P =.008, respectively), who also were taller at diagnosis (P =.002) and during childhood (P =.01). In all subgroups, pubertal onset was within normal range; menarche occurred earlier than in control subjects (P <.02); all attained adult height within their mid-parental height range. Predicted adult height was overestimated in girls with BA ≤CA (P =.04) and underestimated with BA-CA >1 (P <.001). Conclusions: Although a more pronounced adrenarche and BA advancement at diagnosis in girls with PA born appropriate for gestational age had an impact on their pre-pubertal growth pattern, it was not associated with early and rapid progression of puberty or reduced adult height. This reassuring clinical course indicates that PA is a benign condition, irrespective of the extent of adrenarche at presentation. Adult height prediction is unreliable in PA. Copyright © 2012 Mosby Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Differences in Stimulated Androgen Levels in Black and White Obese Adolescent Females; Study Objective: Little is known about racial differences in androgen levels among obese children. The objective of this pilot study was to compare basal and stimulated androgen levels in a cross-sectional sample of obese black and white pubertal females. Study Design, Setting, and Participants: This was cross-sectional study of obese (body mass index ≥ 95th percentile) but otherwise healthy female adolescents (10 black and 12 white; age range 8.8-13.9 y) who underwent adrenocorticotropic hormone stimulation testing at an academic medical center as part of a protocol for the study of obesity-related conditions. Main Outcome Measures: Basal and stimulated androgen levels. Results: White and black participants were similar with regard to pubertal stage, body mass index, percentage body fat, and fasting glucose and insulin levels. Black girls had lower stimulated levels of 17-hydroxyprogesterone, and the differences between basal and stimulated levels of 17-hydroxyprogesterone and androstenedione were lower in black girls. Body mass index was negatively correlated with stimulated cortisol in blacks only (r = -0.69, P = .03). Conclusion: There appear to be race-related differences in stimulated androgen levels in obese adolescent females. These differences deserve further study, as measurements of androgen levels are commonly used in clinical practice and research. © 2012 North American Society for Pediatric and Adolescent Gynecology. ER  - 
Relation of total homocysteine level with metabolic and anthropometric variables in obese children and adolescents; Aim: To evaluate the total homocysteine (tHcy) level, a risk factor for atherosclerosis, atherothrombosis, and insulin resistance, for sex and pubertal state differences in obese children. Its relationship with metabolic and anthropometric parameters was also investigated. Materials and methods: The study involved obese children with a body mass index (BMI) above the 95th percentile who presented with the complaint of excessive weight gain, and healthy children with a BMI below the 85th percentile. Results: The study included 100 obese (mean age: 10.2 ± 2.7 years) and 71 healthy nonobese (mean age: 10.9 ± 2.6) children. A comparison of the data from the obese group and the control group revealed that the differences in BMI, BMI standard deviation score, tHcy, total cholesterol, triglyceride (TG), insulin, high-density lipoprotein (HDL), lowdensity lipoprotein (LDL), and homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) levels were statistically significant (P < 0.05). In the obese group, the tHcy level was statistically significantly correlated with age and BMI, TG, and HDL levels (P < 0.05), while it was not statistically significantly correlated with total cholesterol, LDL, fasting glucose, insulin, or HOMA-IR levels (P > 0.05). Conclusion: The results of this study showed that the tHcy level was higher in obese children than in healthy children. However, the tHcy level was not significantly correlated with insulin resistance in obese children. Obese children should be routinely screened for high tHcy levels due to the potential atherosclerosis risks, and patients with high tHcy levels should be treated. © TÜBITAK. ER  - 
Acylated/unacylated ghrelin ratio in cord blood: Correlation with anthropometric and metabolic parameters and pediatric lifespan comparison; Context: Ghrelin is a peptide with multiple functions that circulates in acylated (AG) and unacylated (UAG) forms. However, the role of ghrelin in neonates (NN) remains to be clarified. Objective: The aim of this study was to determine ghrelin concentrations of the two forms in NN to clarify their biological roles. As such, ghrelin levels at birth were compared with those in later life. Setting and design: Tertiary Care Center. In this cross-sectional study, we evaluated AG, UAG, AG/UAG ratio, and insulin levels in venous cord blood from NN and in fasted normal weight (NW) and obese (OB) children, both prepubertal and pubertal. Subjects: We studied 82 NN, 82 NW, and 58 OB children. Results: AG levels were lower in NN than in NW and OB children (P < 0.0001), more specifically the prepubertal NW and OB children (P < 0.0001). UAG levels were higher in NN than in NW and OB children (P < 0.0001). Therefore, the AG/UAG ratio was lower in NN than in NW and OB children (P < 0.0001). NN showed insulin levels similar to NW and lower than OB children (P < 0.0001). At birth UAG was positively correlated with AG (Pearson: 0.425; P < 0.0001) and negatively with insulin (-0.253; P < 0.02). In NW and OB, UAG and AG were positively correlated to each other and negatively correlated with insulin and body mass index (-0.566; P < 0.0001). Conclusions: NN compared with children, showed higher UAG and lower AG levels. The AG/UAG ratio showed a very different profile in NN, being lower than in NW and OB children, thus suggesting a different metabolic function for the two forms in NN. Further studies are needed to clarify the exact role of the different ghrelin forms in NN. © 2012 European Society of Endocrinology. ER  - 
Greater impact of melanocortin-4 receptor deficiency on rates of growth and risk of type 2 diabetes during childhood compared with adulthood in Pima Indians; Features of melanocortin-4 receptor (MC4R) deficiency have been observed to be more pronounced in childhood. Longitudinal data from a population-based study were used to separate the phenotypic effects of MC4R deficiency during childhood and adulthood. The MC4R exon was sequenced in 6,760 individuals of predominantly Pima Indian heritage, and discovered mutations were functionally assessed in vitro. Effects on BMI, height, and slope of BMI change were assessed during childhood (ages 5-20 years) and adulthood (ages 20-45 years). Six mutations affecting MC4R function, including three that may be private to Pima Indians, were found in 159 individuals (2.4%). The slope of BMI increase was greater in individuals carrying an MC4R mutation compared with noncarriers during childhood but not during adulthood. The final adult height obtained was higher in individuals with MC4R deficiency. There was an increased risk for developing type 2 diabetes in individuals with a defective MC4R during childhood and adulthood, but this was only independent of BMI in childhood. The greater rates of body mass accumulation and risk of type 2 diabetes before the age of 20 years in individuals with MC4R deficiency indicate that the effects of these mutations are more apparent during the active growth of childhood. © 2012 by the American Diabetes Association. ER  - 
Usefulness of the high triglyceride-to-HDL cholesterol ratio to identify cardiometabolic risk factors and preclinical signs of organ damage in outpatient children; OBJECTIVE - To evaluate whether the high triglyceride-to-HDL cholesterol (TG-to-HDL-C) ratio is associated with cardiometabolic risk (CMR) factors and preclinical signs of organ damage in an outpatient population of white children and adolescents. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - The study population included 884 subjects (aged 6-16 years), of whom 206 (23%) were normal weight, 135 (15%) were overweight, and 543 (61%) were obese. Biochemical variables were analyzed in the whole sample, whereas homocysteine and left ventricular (LV) geometry and function were evaluated in 536 and 258 children, respectively. RESULTS - The percentage of pubertal children (P < 0.001), as well as measurements of BMI, waist circumference, homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance, white blood cell count, alanine aminotransferase (ALT), systolic blood pressure (P < 0.0001, for all), creatinine (P < 0.001), and diastolic blood pressure (P < 0.02), increased from the lowest to the highest tertile of the TG-to-HDL-C ratio. Age, sex, homocysteine, and glomerular filtration rate did not change. Moreover, interventricular septum thickness, relative wall thickness, and LV mass index (P = 0.01 to P < 0.0001) increased across tertiles of the TG-to-HDL-C ratio. Children with a TG-to-HDL-C ratio ≥2.0 showed a two- to threefold higher risk of elevated ALT levels and concentric LV hypertrophy than those with a TG-to-HDL-C ratio <2.0, independent of confounding factors. CONCLUSIONS - The high TG-to-HDL-C ratio is associated with several CMR factors and preclinical signs of liver and cardiac abnormalities in the outpatient, white pediatric population. Thus, a TG-to-HDL-C ratio ≥2.0 may be useful in clinical practice to detect children with a worsened CMR profile who need monitoring to prevent cardiovascular disease in adulthood. © 2012 by the American Diabetes Association. ER  - 
Autoimmune thyroid disorders in type 1 diabetic children and adolescents: Gender, age, genetics and diabetes control associations; Type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) is associated with other autoimmune diseases, particularly with autoimmune thyroiditis (AIT). Literature was reviewed with particular attention to the genetic factors, natural history, age, and gender associations. Genetic risk for these diseases overlaps and includes genes within major histocompatibility complex (MHC) such as the human leukocyte antigens (HLA) DR and DQ alleles and the MHC I-related gene A. Genetic risk for T1DM overlaps mostly with AIT. Disease risk is associated with organ-specific autoantibodies, which can be used to screen subjects with T1DM and AIT. The prevalence of AIT in type 1 diabetics and its increase with age has been shown by cross-sectional studies. The female prevalence in AIT development in patients with T1DM, particularly during pubertal period, has been also shown by the multiple center cross-sectional and longitudinal studies. The International Society for Pediatric and Adolescent Diabetes (ISPAD) and American Diabetes Association (ADA) Consensus Guidelines and recommendations are elucidated and discussed in the current review. The impact of thyroid alterations on glucose metabolism has been known for a long time. Thyrotoxic patients usually lose their glucose control when thyroid decompensation is not promptly solved. Most recently, new pathways of thyroid hormone action at the tissue level have been unveiled and may be of relevance to the understanding of insulin resistance present both in the hypothyroid and hyperthyroid state. It is our everyday practice to screen children and adolescents with T1DM for thyorid autoimmunity. ER  - 
[Quality of treatment in children with type 1 diabetes based on the Polish Prospective Pump Programme].; In pediatric patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus, the value of HbA1c is a predictor of the risk of late systemic complications in adulthood. In the last years significant changes in the method of treatment in pre-pubertal children with T1DM have taken place. However, there is lack of precise data concerning the results of metabolic control of this group of patients. was to assess the impact of the Polish Prospective Insulin Pump Programme (OPPLP) on the quality of metabolic control in prepubertal children with T1DM. The OPPLP included also education for diabetological staff (HPC) from the Polish Diabetic Centres as well as standardization of continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion (CSII) implementation procedures. Population studies were conducted in the years: 2005-2008. 920 patients were enrolled at age from 1.2 to 14.6 years (median 8.5 years). 71.75 % of patients were in pre-pubertal age. 734 patients received CSII therapy. The cross sectional, prospective study, conducted according to the protocol of the OPPLP with clinical data collection from 2005 to 2008. We analyzed the data obtained during 1657 visits and assessed 1657 blood samples for HbA1c value in the Central Laboratory. The clinical data were recorded in the electronic net-database. In whole group the median of HbA1c was 7.46 % (min. 5% - max. 12.1%); 60.1% patients has HbA1c below 7.5%. The quality of treatment was comparable among the centres: med. HbA1c ranged from min. 6.5% to max. 8.0%. During the period from 2005 to 2008 effective results were obtained in glycemic control: med. HbA1c: 2005 - 7.6%, 2006 - 7.2%, 2007 - 7.0% and 2008 - 7.5%. Slightly higher HbA1c was observed in children with longer duration of diabetes (r=0.17, p<0.005). The OPPLP, including HCP education, enabled optimalization of metabolic control in the prepubertal children switched pump therapy. Moreover, the programme brought about an even level of treatment between the Polish Diabetic Centres irrespective of their size. It is important to continue the programme and to develop a country level register of children with T1DM. ER  - 
Impact of gender on renal injury and glycemic control in children with type 1 diabetes; Introduction: Diabetic kidney disease (CChN) is one of the most important complications of diabetes. The risk of kidney damage in type 1 diabetes mellitus (DM1) increases during adolescence, especially in female patients. Aim of the study: Assessment of the kidney damage and glycemic control according to gender in normoalbuminuric adolescents with DM1. Materials and method: The study included 63 children suffering from DM1 (35 girls and 28 boys, mean age 13.46±2.75 years). All children were in the IInd and IIIrd stage of puberty according to Tanner and Marshall scale. All patients presented normal albumin/creatinine ratio (ACR) and glomerular filtration rate above 90 ml/min/1.73 m2. GFR was estimated using modified Schwartz et al. formula (GFRSch) as well as Filler formula (GFRF). Results: Female patients compared to males showed a significantly higher level of ACR, GFRF, glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) and C-reactive protein (CRP). GFRSch values were similar in both groups. Among girls the negative correlation was found between duration of diabetes and GFRF and positive correlation between GFRF and GFRSch. In the male group the positive correlation between ACR and HbA1c values as well as GFRF and GFRSch was found. Conclusions: During puberty female gender is a group at risk of poor control of glycaemia and subsequent kidney damage. This damage as opposed to the boys seems to be independent of glycemic control. Glomerular filtration rate based on Filler formula may identify diabetic patients with the risk of glomerular hyperfiltration. Mild inflammation assessed by CRP may be involved in kidney damage in diabetic subjects. ER  - 
Nonalcoholic fatty liver diseases in obese children and adolescents; Aim: To determine the prevelance of the non-alcoholic fatty liver in obese children. Material and Method: Medical records of 161 obese children (age 4-18 yrs) who were investigated for non-alcoholic fatty liver by USG were analysed retrospectively. Their findings of physical examination and antropometric measurements, presence of acanthosis nigricans, pubertal status and results of laboratory analysis were evaluated. The study protocol was approved by the Osmangazi University Ethical Committee (2010/13). Results: Hepatosteatosis was found in 40% of the patients by ultrasonography. Elevation of serum alanine aminotransferase (≥40 U/L) was found in 35% of the patients with steatosis. These patients had higher body mass index, HOMA-IR (Homeostasis model of assessment-insulin resistance) and aspartat aminotransferase, alanine aminotransferase, insulin and triglyceride levels and lower HDL-C levels and higher acanthosis nigricans prevalences than the patients without steatosis. Patients with elevated alanine aminotransferase levels had significantly higher trygliceride and lower HDL-C levels than the patients with normal alanine aminotransferase levels. Steatosis prevalences were 32% in girls and 54% in boys (p<0.01). The prevalence of elevated alanine aminotransferase was found higher in prepubertal children (p<0.05), but, the steatosis prevalences were not different between prepubertal-pubertal children and between prepubertal girls and boys. Pubertal boys had higher steatosis prevalence than pubertal girls (p<0.05). The prevalence of steatosis was higher in children with acanthosis nigricans (p=0.001). The prevalences of steatosis and elevated alanine aminotransferase levels were not different between children with and without insulin resistance. In a logistic regression model, sex, body mass index and HDL-C were the determinants of steatosis and only HDL-C were related with alanine aminotransferase levels. Conclusions: High prevalences of hepatosteatosis and elevated alanine aminotransferase levels are found in obese children and adolescents. Gender, the degree of obesity and dyslipidemia are more important determinants of steatosis than insulin resistance. ER  - 
Urinary 6-sulfatoxymelatonin level in girls and its relationship with obesity; Purpose: Short sleep duration is associated with obesity. Urinary 6-sulfatoxymelatonin (6-OHMS), the principal metabolite of melatonin, is closely related with sleep. We evaluated the difference in urinary 6-OHMS levels between obese girls and normal weight girls, and the relationship of urinary 6-OHMS with other hormones regulating body weight and metabolism. Methods: A total of 79 girls (6.3 to 12.4 years) were included in this study, of whom 34 were obese; 15, overweight; and 30, normal-weight. We examined their pubertal status and bone age. Fasting serum levels of total ghrelin, leptin, insulin, and first morning urinary 6-OHMS were measured. Homeostatic model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMAIR) was calculated from the fasting insulin and glucose levels. Results: There was no significant difference in the creatinine adjusted 6-OHMS levels between the obese girls and the control group. Urinary 6-OHMS did not show any correlations with body mass index (BMI), BMI percentile, total ghrelin, leptin, and HOMA-IR. Negative correlations were found between urinary 6-OHMS levels and chronological and bone ages. Conclusion: Our results suggest that melatonin production is not reduced consistently in obese girls. © 2012 by The Korean Pediatric Society. ER  - 
Prospective evaluation of risk factors for the development of islet autoimmunity and type 1 diabetes during puberty - TEENDIAB: Study design; Anette-Gabriele Ziegler, Franziska Meier-Stiegen, Christiane Winkler, Ezio Bonifacio, the TEENDIAB Study Group. Prospective evaluation of risk factors for the development of islet autoimmunity and type 1 diabetes during puberty - TEENDIAB: study design. Type 1 diabetes (T1D) has a peak incidence in childhood and adolescence. The TEENDIAB study investigates the period of puberty and adolescence in the natural course of T1D development. Evidence suggests that the immune phenotype of children developing autoimmunity during puberty and adolescence differs from that in childhood. We hypothesize that these differences reflect heterogeneity in the genetic and environmental factors that influence the development of autoimmunity in puberty versus early infancy. TEENDIAB is an observational cohort study that enrols and follows 1500 children aged 8-12 and who have a first degree relative with T1D to test this hypothesis. Data collection and analyses will focus on determining the phenotype of islet autoimmunity, genotypes of T1D- and type 2 diabetes-associated genes, insulin resistance, and β-cell function, growth, obesity, and physical exercise. The findings of this study will increase the understanding of pathogenetic mechanisms behind the increasing diabetes incidence in youth and the impact of obesity on diabetes development in this age period. © 2011 John Wiley & Sons A/S. ER  - 
Sedentary behaviors and emerging cardiometabolic biomarkers in adolescents; Objective: To examine the associations of objectively measured sedentary time and television (TV) viewing time with emerging inflammatory and endothelial function markers in adolescents. Study design: This study comprised 183 adolescents (88 girls), aged 13 to 17 years. Sedentary time and moderate-to-vigorous physical activity was objectively measured with accelerometry, whereas TV viewing time was self-reported. White blood cell counts and levels of C-reactive protein, complement factors C3 and C4, interleukin-6, adiponectin, leptin, intercellular adhesion molecule 1, vascular cell adhesion molecule 1, E-selectin, L-selectin, and plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 were measured in fasted blood samples. Results: Sedentary time was not significantly associated with any of the examined cardiometabolic markers after controlling for potential confounders. However, TV viewing time was positively associated with soluble endothelial adhesion molecules intercellular adhesion molecule 1 (standardized β = 0.19, P =.008), vascular cell adhesion molecule 1 (β = 0.17, P =.020), L-selectin (β = 0.18, P =.013), and E-selectin (β = 0.16, P =.023) concentrations, after controlling for sex, age, pubertal status, moderate-to-vigorous physical activity, body mass index, and total sedentary time. Conclusions: High TV viewing time may play a key role in cardiovascular and metabolic diseases through the cell adhesion molecules in adolescence. Copyright © 2012 Mosby Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Obese children have higher arterial elasticity without a difference in endothelial function: The role of body composition; The childhood obesity epidemic is expected to increase cardiovascular disease risk, but the impact of obesity on vascular function in children is not fully understood. The purpose of this study was to determine the effect of obesity and maturation on vascular function in normal weight (BMI: 25-75 percentile) and obese (BMI: ≥95 percentile) children ages 8-18 years old. Large and small artery elasticity (LAEI and SAEI, respectively), measured by diastolic radial pulsewave contour analysis, and reactive hyperemia index (RHI), measured by peripheral arterial tonometry, were obtained, along with anthropometric and biochemical outcomes, in 61 normal weight and 62 obese children. SAEI and LAEI increased with age and were 30% and 18% higher, respectively, in obese children (P < 0.01). In contrast, reactive hyperemia increased with age in the normal weight group but did not differ between groups. Multivariate modeling was used to select variables that explained differences in vascular outcomes. The best model for LAEI in normal weight children was height alone (r2 = 0.49), whereas for obese children the best model included height fat mass (r2 = 0.40). For SAEI, there were no significant models for normal weight children, but for obese children the best model included lean mass fat mass (r2 = 0.36). Obese children had greater lean and fat mass, and more advanced Tanner stages than their normal weight peers. The increased elasticity observed in obese children appears to reflect accelerated growth and maturation without affecting vascular reactivity measured by reactive hyperemia. Longitudinal follow up will be essential in determining effects on future vascular disease risk. © 2011 The Obesity Society. ER  - 
Reference values for serum levels of insulin-like growth factor-I and insulin-like growth factor binding protein-3 in Korean children and adolescents; Objective: Measurements of serum insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) and IGF binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) are utilized in the diagnostic work-up and clinical management of children with growth disorders. We designed this study to establish the reference values of serum IGF-I and IGFBP-3 levels according to age, sex and pubertal stage in Korean children and adolescents. Methods: For the study, 1378 healthy Korean children and adolescents aged 0 to 17. years (722 boys, 656 girls) were randomly selected. Blood samples were collected, and the stored sera were assayed for IGF-I and IGFBP-3 using immunoradiometric assay (IRMA, Immunotech). The R 2.8.1 program (Bell Laboratories) was used to generate reference percentile curves for IGF-I and IGFBP-3 according to age, sex, and pubertal stage. Results: Serum IGFBP-3 level was higher in girls compared to that in boys of the same ages throughout the pubertal period, whereas IGF-I was only higher for girls younger than 13. years of age. Serum levels of IGF-I and IGFBP-3 increased steadily with age in the prepubertal stage, followed by a progressive decline thereafter. Peak levels of serum IGF-I and IGFBP-3 were observed two years earlier in girls compared to those in boys (13 vs. 15. years of age, respectively). Serum IGF-I and IGFBP-3 concentrations were highest at Tanner stage IV in boys and girls, with a subsequent decline. Conclusions: Our reference value model based on age, sex, and pubertal stage can improve the diagnostic utility of IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 levels in the evaluation and management of Korean children and adolescents with growth disorders. © 2011. ER  - 
Age- and gender-specific reference intervals for serum glucose levels in school children measured by an Advia 1650 chemistry analyzer; The prevalence of diabetes mellitus among adults has increased in developed and developing countries. However, less attention has been focused on children, including establishing age- and gender-specific reference intervals for serum glucose levels. In this study, we sought to establish these interval values among Saudi children. In 2006, male and female school children from diverse socioeconomic levels in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia were selected for a cross-sectional study of blood glucose using a cluster sample design. Tanner stages were ascertained during physical examination. Blood samples from 1216 healthy school children aged 6 to 16 years - 514 (42%) boys and 702 (58%) girls - were analyzed for glucose using an Advia 1650 chemistry analyzer and a hexokinase assay. Reference intervals based on Tanner stages and age were established by calculating the mean and the 2.5th and 97.5th percentiles. The average blood glucose level was higher in boys than in girls. There were no significant differences between boys and girls at each Tanner stage. Therefore, the combined reference intervals for glucose levels, which were calculated to be (3.2-6.6), (3.4-6.6), (3.6-5.9), (3.6-6.9), and (3.2-6.4) for Tanner stages I, II, III, IV, and V respectively, can be used for both genders. However, significant differences were observed between boys and girls for BMI, height, and weight at all Tanner stages except stage IV. Unlike children in other developing countries, Saudi children do not have lower serum glucose levels than their Western counterparts. We believe that these findings reflect changing dietary habits and increasing affluence in Saudi Arabia. The reference intervals established in our study may aid in the early assessment of cardiovascular risk in Saudi pediatric populations. ER  - 
Association of Vitamin D with insulin resistance in Argentine boys: A pilot study; Hypovitaminosis D has been associated with insulin resistance. The objectives of the study was to the prevalence of hypovitaminosis D, and the association of vitamin D concentrations with age, Tanner stage, BMI and insulin sensitivity (HOMA-IR) in a group of healthy boys. Data were collected cross-sectionally at an amateur rugby club in the Buenos Aires suburbs in May, 2010. BMI, waist circumference, Tanner staging, blood pressure, and levels of glucose, lipids, and insulin were determined. 25-hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D] was measured by radioimmunoassay. One hundred and sixteen boys aged 11.3 ± 2.4 y were examined; 19 (16.4%) and 40 (34.5%) boys were overweight and obese, respectively, per United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. 52.2% of the children were at Tanner 1. Serum concentration of [25(OH)D] had a median value of 20 ng/mL (interquartile range 18-21 ng/mL). Sixty (52.6%) boys had insufficient [25(OH)D] ([25(OH)D > 20 but ≤ 30 ng/mL), and 54 (46.6%) had deficient levels ([25(OH)D] < 20 ng/mL). Univariate analyses indicated a negative significant association between [25(OH)D] and BMI (r -0.20, P = 0.03), waist circumference (r -0.23, P = 0.01), HOMA-IR (r -0.25, P = 0.007), and insulin (r -0.29, P = 0.002). Multiple regression analysis showed that [25(OH)D] concentration was significantly and inversely associated with HOMA-IR, (B = -0.8; p = 0.02) adjusted for Tanner and BMI (R2 = 0.35). This study demonstrated an inverse association between [25(OH)D] and HOMA-IR in healthy boys adjusted for pubertal development and BMI. It also showed a high prevalence of both [25(OH)D] deficiency and insufficiency. Further research is needed on the prospective association between vitamin D and the risk for type 2 diabetes. ER  - 
The triglyceride/HDL-cholesterol ratio as a tool to predict insulin resistance in obese pediatric patients∗; Synopsis: Insulin resistance (IR) plays a major role in the high triglyceride/low high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C) phenotype described in overweight children. In studies in adults, investigators have concluded that the ratio of triglyceride/HDL-C (Tg/HDL-C) is the best predictor of IR. Only one study in a pediatric population suggested this association. Our study adds support to the clinical utility of Tg/HDL-C ratio in the identification of IR in children. Purpose: To demonstrate that Tg/HDL-C strongly predicts IR in obese pediatric patients. Methods: A cross-sectional design was used. A total of 108 obese subjects ages 10 to 18 years and in puberty (Tanner stage 2-5) met inclusion criteria. They had been evaluated with fasting studies at the Pediatric Endocrinology clinic from January 1, 2009, to January 31, 2012. Laboratory data included oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), fasting lipid panel, fasting and 2 hour-insulin sample, and hemoglobin A1c. IR was assessed with the Homeostasis Model Assessment (HOMA) index, derived from fasting measurements and defined as a HOMA value of >4. Results: Correlation coefficients were computed among Tg/HDL-C, HOMA, gender, and ethnicity. The only statistically significant relationship was between Tg/HDL-C and HOMA, r = .35 (P < .00). A multiple regression analysis that included gender and ethnicity was performed. This model accounted for 17.2% of the variability in HOMA, compared with 13.2% as predicted by the Tg/HDL-C alone (both models fit the data with statistical significance, P < .01). The linear combination of the three predictor variables was significantly related to HOMA, R2 = .17, F(3, 99) = 6.85, P < .001. The resultant regression equation for predicting HOMA is HOMA = 0.65(Tg/HDL-c) - 0.80(Gender#) + 0.64(Ethnicity##) + 4.01 # 1 = male, 2 = female ## 1 = white, 2 = African American, 3 = Hispanic, 4 = other. Neither gender nor ethnicity were statistically significant on their own. The regression equation was almost always (97.1%) able to predict HOMA at ≥ 4.0. For HOMA > 4.0, the Tg/HDL-C mean was 3.45 (SD = 2.01). An attempt was made to analyze the ability of Tg/HDL-C to predict OGTT categories. However, the groups into which each sample patient was identified were not balanced, nor were there adequate numbers of patients in all categories (4) to perform a statistical analysis. Conclusions: The TG/HDL-c has the potential to become a useful tool to identify IR in pediatric patients. Clinicians could apply this ratio to the standard lipid screening in order to recognize children with higher cardiovascular risk. ER  - 
Metabolic control in children and adolescents with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus at King Abdul-Aziz university hospital; Objective:Preventing long-term diabetic complications requires good metabolic control, especially in type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM). We describe the metabolic control of T1DM and the factors affecting it among children and adolescents attending the Pediatric Clinic at King Abdul-Aziz University Hospital.Methods: A retrospective cross-sectional study was conducted on T1DM children and adolescents who had attended the Pediatric Clinic at King Abdul-Aziz University Hospital from 2006 to 2010. Both clinical and laboratory data were reviewed for the enrolled cases. The mean age of the patients was 12.5±4.1 years. Ages ranged from 1 to 18 years (n=484: male=213, female= 271). 38.6% of the patients were pre-pubertal and 61.4% - pubertal. The patients were categorized into 3 age groups as 1-6 years (10.3%), 7-12 years (33.5%) and 13-18 years (56.2%). Results: The overall mean HbA1c was 9.4±2.4% and the duration of patient follow-up was 26±17 months. 10.3% of the patients were on conventional insulin regimens and 89.7% - on intensive insulin therapy. 31.4% had satisfactory HbA1c according to the American Diabetes Association guidelines. The duration of T1DM was 2.9±1.4 years. The patients with diabetes duration ≤2 years (45%) had a mean HbA1c of 8.7±1.8% and those with diabetes duration >2 years (55%) had a mean HbA1c value of 9.8±2.3% (p< 0.001).Conclusions: The metabolic control of T1DM children in our cohort was less satisfactory than in other studies. We recommend the promotion of physical exercise and family educational programs to improve the metabolic control of T1DM pediatric patients in our population. © Journal of Clinical Research in Pediatric Endocrinology, Published by Galenos Publishing. ER  - 
Metabolic syndrome and the risk of breast cancer in postmenopausal women; Background: Only a few small studies investigated the association between postmenopausal breast cancer and metabolic syndrome (MetS) as a single entity. Materials and methods: We analyzed the data of two Italian and Swiss case-control studies conducted between 1983 and 2007, including 3869 postmenopausal women with incident breast cancer and 4082 postmenopausal controls admitted to the same hospitals as cases for acute conditions. MetS was defined as the presence of at least three components among diabetes, drug-treated hypertension, drug-treated hyperlipidemia, and obesity. Results: The odds ratios (ORs) of postmenopausal breast cancer were 1.33 [95% confidence interval (CI) 1.09-1.62] for diabetes, 1.19 (95% CI 1.07-1.33) for hypertension, 1.08 (95% CI 0.95-1.22) for hyperlipidemia, 1.26 (95% CI 1.11-1.44) for body mass index ≥30 kg/m2, and 1.22 (95% CI 1.09-1.36) for waist circumference ≥88 cm. The risk of postmenopausal breast cancer was significantly increased for women with MetS (OR = 1.75, 95% CI 1.37-2.22, for three or more MetS components, P for trend for increasing number of components < 0.0001) and the risk was higher at older age (OR = 3.04, 95% CI 1.75-5.29, at age ≥70 years for three or more MetS components). Conclusions: This study supports a direct association between MetS and postmenopausal breast cancer risk. © The Author 2011. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the European Society for Medical Oncology. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Three-year growth hormone treatment in short children with X-linked hypophosphatemic rickets: Effects on linear growth and body disproportion; Context: Children with X-linked hypophosphatemic rickets (XLH) are prone to progressive disproportionate stunting despite oral phosphate and vitamin D treatment. Objective: Our objective was to analyze the effects of GH treatment on stature and lengths of linear body segments in short children with XLH. Design, Settings, and Patients: A 3-yr randomized controlled open-label GH study in short prepubertal children with XLH (n = 16) on phosphate and calcitriol treatment was conducted. A cohort of XLH patients (n = 76) on conservative treatment served as an XLH reference population. Main Outcome Measures: Changes in SD scores (SDS) of stature and linear body segments, i.e. sitting height, leg and arm length, and sitting height index (i.e. ratio between sitting height and stature) were the main outcome measures. Results: XLH patients presented at time of enrollment with significant impairments of stature (-3.3 SDS) and linear body segments compared with healthy children. Leg length (-3.8 SDS) was most impaired, whereas sitting height (-1.7 SDS) was best preserved. The markedly elevated mean sitting height index (+3.3 SDS) reflected severe body disproportion. GH resulted in a sustained increase in linear growth (stature, +1.1 SDS; sitting height, +1.3 SDS; leg length, +0.8 SDS; arm length, +1.1 SDS; each P < 0.05 vs. baseline), whereas no significant changes were observed in controls. Mean height SDS at 3 yr did not significantly differ between groups. Sitting height index remained stable in both the GH-treated patients and in study controls but increased further in the XLH-reference population. Conclusions: The 3-yr GH treatment improved linear growth without progression of body disproportion in short children with XLH. Copyright © 2011 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Prevalence and correlates of multiple cardiovascular risk factors in children with chronic kidney disease; Background and objectives Although prevalence of traditional cardiovascular risk factors (CVRF) has been described in children with CKD, the frequency with which these CVRF occur concomitantly and the clinical characteristics associated with multiple CVRF are unknown. This study determined the prevalence and characteristics of multiple CVRF in children in the Chronic Kidney Disease in Children study. Design, setting, participants, & measurements Using cross-sectional data from first follow-up visits, we determined the prevalence of four CVRF: hypertension (casual BP >95th percentile or self-reported hypertension with concurrent use of anti-hypertensive medication), dyslipidemia (triglycerides >130 mg/dl, HDL <40 mg/dl, non-HDL >160 mg/dl, or use of lipid-lowering medication), obesity (BMI >95th percentile), and abnormal glucose metabolism (fasting glucose >110 mg/dl, insulin >20 μIU/ml, or HOMA-IR >2.20, >3.61, or >3.64 for those at Tanner stage 1, 2 to 3, or 4 to 5, respectively) in 250 children (median age 12.2 years, 74% Caucasian, median iohexol-based GFR 45.2 ml/min per 1.73 m2). Results Forty-six percent had hypertension, 44% had dyslipidemia, 15% were obese, and 21% had abnormal glucose metabolism. Thirty-nine percent, 22%, and 13% had one, two, and three or more CVRF, respectively. In multivariate ordinal logistic regression analysis, glomerular disease and nephrotic-range proteinuria were associated with 1.96 (95% confidence interval, 1.04 to 3.72) and 2.04 (95% confidence interval, 0.94 to 4.43) higher odds of having more CVRF, respectively. Conclusions We found high prevalence of multiple CVRF in children with mild to moderate CKD. Children with glomerular disease may be at higher risk for future cardiovascular events. © 2011 by the American Society of Nephrology. ER  - 
Prevalence of metabolic syndrome among obese school students; Objective: Assessment of the prevalence of Metabolic Syndrome among Egyptian school students suffering from obesity. Methods: This study included 462 Egyptian school students who suffer from obesity where their body mass index was >95th percentile. Their age ranged between 7 and 18 years. Clinical, anthropometric and laboratory assessment were done to all cases. The diagnosis of Metabolic Syndrome was done according to modified WHO criteria adapted for children (1999). Results: Cases who were diagnosed as having Metabolic Syndrome represented 39.7% of the whole percentage of cases. The incidence rate among prepubertal students (45.5%) was higher than among pubertal ones (37%) (p < 0.001). The prevalence of metabolic syndrome was higher in girls than boys in the pubertal group, while boys have the higher prevalence in the prepubertal age. Hypertension was significantly higher in pubertal (22.3%) than in the prepubertal group (14.8%) (p < 0.000). The prevalence of hyperinsulinaemia in the prepubertal group (13.6%) was significantly higher than in the pubertal group (3.3%) (p < 0.001). However, the prevalence of impaired fasting glucose (25.0%) and insulin resistance HOMA-IR (22.8%) in the pubertal group was significantly higher than the prepubertal group (20.5% and 13.6% respectively) (p < 0.01). Dyslipidaemia in the prepubertal group was 93.2% and in the pubertal group was 91.3% with a significant differences (p < 0.000). Conclusions: The prevalence of Metabolic Syndrome in the studied sample was higher in prepubertal than pubertal students and in girls more than boys. © 2011 European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. ER  - 
The endocrine spectrum of intracranial cysts in childhood and review of the literature; Intracranial cysts (ICC) may cause a wide spectrum of endocrinological disorders. We evaluated 27 patients who were diagnosed with ICC during investigation for neuroendocrine dysfunctions and reviewed the relevant literature. The types of ICC in the patients were arachnoid cysts (n=13); Rathke cleft cysts (n=7); pineal cysts (n=5); an ependymal cyst (n=1) and a cavum septum pellucidum cyst (n=1). The neuroendocrine dysfunctions of the patients were obesity (n=7), isolated growth hormone deficiency (n=6), central precocious puberty (n=6), multiple pituitary hormone deficiency (n=3), central diabetes insipidus (n=1), growth hormone deficiency and central precocious puberty (n=1), obesity and galactorrhea (n=1), obesity and hypogonadotropic hypogonadism (n=1) and growth hormone neurosecretory dysfunction (n=1). Only three patients, who had arachnoid cysts, showed neurologic symptomatology. Although three patients underwent surgery, no improvements in endocrinological dysfunctions were observed. ICC should be considered when evaluating patients with endocrinological problems and patients with coincidental ICC should be recommended for follow-up. © 2011 by Walter de Gruyter Berlin Boston. ER  - 
Serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25-OH-D) in obese adolescents; Background: There is increasing evidence that vitamin D deficiency is common and has been associated with several non-bone related outcomes, including insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. The influences of gender, puberty, and adiposity on serum hydroxyvitamin D (25-OH-D) levels and the relationship between 25-OH-D and insulin resistance in obese children were studied. Material and methods: Age, gender, pubertal stage, weight status (standard deviation score of body mass index: BMI-SDS, percentage body fat, waist circumference), 25-OH-D levels, and insulin resistance index calculated by homeostasis model assessment (HOMA-IR) were evaluated in 64 obese adolescents. Multivariable linear regression was used to determine factors associated with decreased serum 25-OH-D levels and to study the relationship between 25-OH-D and HOMA-IR. Results: Median serum 25-OH-D level was 10.1 ng/mL (25.2 nmol/L). 14% of patients were vitamin D-sufficient (25-OH-D ≥ 20 ng/mL), 36% had intermediate values (11-19 ng/mL), and 50% were deficient (25-OH-D ≤ 10 ng/mL). In the multivariable model, older age, puberty, higher value of percentage of body fat, and the presence of acanthosis nigricans (AN) were all negatively associated with 25-OH-D. Lower 25-OH-D levels were also associated with higher blood glucose, insulin and HOMA-IR after adjustment for puberty and SDS-BMI. Summer positively correlated with 25-OH-D level. Conclusion: Our study confirms that obesity is a risk factor for vitamin D deficiency. Hypovitaminosis D, common in obese adolescents at risk for type 2 diabetes (older age, puberty, acanthosis nigricans) is associated with worse insulin resistance. ER  - 
Microalbuminuria in relation to metabolic control and blood pressure in adolescents with type 1 diabetes; Introduction: The objective of this study was to assess the frequency of microalbuminuria and the relationship with other risk factors for the development of diabetic nephropathy. Material and methods: Our cross-section study involved a group of 60 adolescence of both sexes, mean age 15.3 ±2.43 years with mean duration of diabetes 7.74 ±3.44 years. Albumin excretion rate was measured on 2-3 samples of the first morning urine in the period below 6 months and persistent microalbuminuria was defined if its increased in two out of three urine specimens. Ambulatory blood pressure was monitored (ABPM, SpaceLabs 90207). Results: Microalbuminuria developed in 13.3% of adolescents with mostly completed sexual development, statistically significantly poorer metabolic control (9.79% vs. 8.7%) and higher BMI (23.59 kg/m2 vs. 20.85 kg/m2) than in the patients with normoalbuminuria. The mean night-time systolic blood pressure (SBP) was statistically significantly higher in microalbuminuric patients than in normoalbuminurics. The nocturnal dip was reduced in 41.7% of our patients; 38.5% of nondippers were in normoalbuminuric and 62.5% in microalbuminuric patients. Conclusions: Diabetic adolescents require particular attention in order to minimize the factors such as high HbA1c, elevated body mass index and night-time SBP in the development of incipient nephropathy. Copyright © 2011 Termedia & Banach. ER  - 
Metabolic syndrome in Italian obese children and adolescents: Stronger association with central fat depot than with insulin sensitivity and birth weight; Aim. To evaluate whether body fat distribution, birth weight, and family history for diabetes (FHD) were associated with metabolic syndrome (MetS) in children and adolescents. Methods. A total of 439 Italian obese children and adolescents (5-18 years) were enrolled. Subjects were divided into 2 groups: prepubertal and pubertal. MetS was diagnosed according to the adapted National Cholesterol Education Program criteria. Birth weight percentile, central obesity index (measured by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry), insulin sensitivity (ISI), and disposition index were evaluated. Multivariate logistic regression models were used to determine variables associated with MetS. Results. The prevalence of MetS was 17%, with higher percentage in adolescents than in children (21 versus 12%). In the overall population, central obesity index was a stronger predictor of MetS than insulin sensitivity and low birth weight. When the two groups were considered, central fat depot remained the strongest predictor of MetS, with ISI similarly influencing the probability of MetS in the two groups and birth weight being negatively associated to MetS only in pubertal individuals. Neither FHD nor degree of fatness was a significant predictor of MetS. Conclusion. Simple clinical parameters like increased abdominal adiposity and low birth weight could be useful tools to identify European obese adolescents at risk for metabolic complications. © 2011 Claudia Brufani et al. ER  - 
Role of the IGF-axis in liver metastasis: Experimental and clinical evidence; The insulin-like growth factors (IGF)-I and -II and their receptor IGF-IR play a major role during embryogenesis, development and pre-pubertal growth and in the maintenance of tissue homeostasis. A large and compelling body of evidence that accumulated over the past 2 decades has implicated this axis in tumorigenesis and the progression of malignant diseases. Here we summarize the evidence, based on experimental and clinical data that collectively identify the IGF-I receptor/ligand system as an important mediator of tumor metastasis in general, and liver metastasis in particular. We show that the IGF axis can be involved in each of the critical steps of the metastatic process by regulating cell-cell connectivity, tumor cell migration and invasion, angiogenesis and lymphangiogenesis and tumor cell survival and growth in distant sites, particularly the liver. We summarize clinical data based on genomic/proteomic analyses of clinical specimens that identify the IGF axis proteins as potential tumor biomarkers and indicators of advanced disease and review the pharmacological strategies that have been developed to target the IGF axis for anti-cancer therapy and their translational status. Taken together, the data provide a compelling rationale for the use of IGF - targeting strategies as a single modality or in combination with other drugs for prevention and treatment of metastatic disease. © Springer Science+Business Media B.V. 2011. ER  - 
Physical activity, sedentary behavior, and the metabolic syndrome in minority youth; Purpose: This study aimed to determine the associations among physical activity, sedentary behavior, and the metabolic syndrome (MetS) in Latino and African American youth using both subjective and objective measures of activity levels. Methods: Cross-sectional data from 105 participants from three pediatric obesity studies that share a core set of methods and measures (Latino 74%, female 75%, mean age = 13 ± 3 yr) were used. Measures included moderate-to-vigorous physical activity and sedentary behavior by accelerometry and 3-Day Physical Activity Recall (3DPAR), fat and lean tissue mass by BodPod™, fasting glucose, lipids, blood pressure, and waist circumference. Associations between physical activity, sedentary behavior, and MetS were examined using ANCOVA, Pearson correlations, partial correlations, and logistic regressions with adjustments for age, sex, ethnicity, fat and lean mass, and pubertal Tanner stage. Results: Accelerometry data showed that greater time engaging in moderate-to-vigorous physical activity was related to lower odds of the MetS (odds ratio = 0.49, 95% confidence interval = 0.25-0.98), independent of sedentary behavior and covariates, and inversely correlated with fasting glucose (r =-0.21, P = 0.03) and systolic blood pressure (r =-0.25, P = 0.01), adjusting for covariates. Data from the 3DPAR showed that higher levels of sedentary behavior were related to higher odds of the MetS (odds ratio = 4.44, 95% confidence interval = 1.33-14.79), independent of moderate-to-vigorous physical activity and covariates, negatively correlated with HDL-cholesterol (r =-0.21, P = 0.04) and positively correlated systolic blood pressure (r = 0.26, P = 0.009), adjusting for covariates. Conclusions: Future interventions aiming to improve metabolic health in youth should target both the promotion of physical activity and the reduction of sedentary behavior. Subjective and objective measures should be used in conjunction to better capture activity behaviors. © 2011 by the American College of Sports Medicine. ER  - 
Early steroid withdrawal in pediatric renal transplant: Five years of follow-up; This prospective, comparative trial investigated the impact on mean change in height standard deviation score (SDS), acute rejection rate, and renal function of early steroid withdrawal in 96 recipients with 5 years of follow-up. Recipients under basiliximab induction and steroid withdrawal (SW: TAC/MMF; n=55) were compared with a matched steroid control group (SC: TAC/MMF/STEROID, n=41). SW received steroids until Day 6, SC decreased to 10 mg/m2 within 2 months post-transplant. Five years after SW, the longitudinal growth (SDS) gain was 1.4±0.4 vs. 1.1±0.3 for SC group (p<0.02). Height benefits in prepubertal and pubertal status in both groups were demonstrated in the delta growth trends (mixed model; p<0.01). Biopsy-proven acute rejection in SW was 11% and 17.5%, SC (p: ns). Mean eGFR (ml/min/1.73 m2) at 5 years post-transplant was SW 80.6±27.8 vs. 82.6±25.1 for SC (p: ns). The death-censored graft survival rate at 1 and 5 years was 99 and 90% for SW; 98 and 96% for SC (p = ns). PTLD incidence in SW 3.3 vs. 2.5% in SC (p: ns). Five years post-transplant, early steroid withdrawal showed positive impacts on growth, stable renal function without increased acute rejection risk, and PTLD incidence. © 2011 IPNA. ER  - 
Regulation of IGFBP3 gene expression in short children born small for gestational age; Objective: Approximately 6% of newborns at term are small for gestational age (SGA) and present a birth weight and/or length less than -. 2SD from the mean. SGA infants are at increased risk for perinatal morbidity, associated psychological and/or mental problems, persistent short stature (about 15% of subjects) and metabolic alterations. Insulin-like growth factors (IGFs), their common receptor (IGF1R) and their binding proteins (IGFBPs) play a critical role in fetal and postnatal growth. In these genes common polymorphisms, such as single nucleotide polymorphisms and variable number of tandem repeats, have been investigated with conflicting results with respect to SGA-related outcomes, and the functional role of these gene variants remains to be elucidated. Design: The study group consisted of 100 pre-pubertal short children born SGA and 94 healthy controls, matched for sex and age, recruited at the Department of Biomedicine of Development Age of the Bari University and at the Paediatric Department of the Messina Hospital.In the present study we analyzed the allelic frequency of the polymorphisms -. 795 G/A, -. 667 G/A, -. 396 C/T in the IGFBP3 in SGA children and their influence on the basal and insulin-stimulated transcriptional activity of the gene. Results: We found that the polymorphisms -. 667 G/A and -. 396 C/T in the IGFBP3 promoter region are capable of having an effect on the transcriptional activity of the gene, although with opposing effects. Interestingly, the -. 667 G/A polymorphism has a negative impact on the IGFBP3 transcription, while the -. 396 C/T polymorphism determines an increase of the transcriptional activity of the IGFBP3 gene promoter. Interestingly, we found that the -. 396 C/T polymorphism correlates with lower birth length in SGA children. Most importantly, while the diminished IGFBP3 transcriptional activity induced by the -. 667A polymorphism was significantly recovered after insulin administration (p-value < 0.05), the increased transcriptional activity caused by the -. 396T polymorphism was not restored to baseline levels by insulin. Conclusions: Altogether our results demonstrated that the -. 667 G/A and the -. 396 C/T polymorphisms in IGFBP3 promoter region influence the basal transcriptional activity of the gene. © 2011 Elsevier Ltd. ER  - 
Factors associated with insulin resistance among children and adolescents perinatally infected with HIV-1 in the pediatric HIV/AIDS cohort study; Background/Aims: Because of prior inconsistent findings, we studied a large cohort of HIV-infected children to determine: (1) prevalence of insulin resistance (IR); (2) anthropometric and clinical correlates of IR, and (3) concomitant abnormalities of glucose tolerance. Methods: The study population consisted of 451 children from the Pediatric HIV/AIDS Cohort Study. The outcome of interest was HOMA-IR. Covariates included demographic, metabolic, growth, body composition, HIV laboratory tests, and treatment characteristics. Children meeting triggers for IR underwent oral glucose tolerance tests and hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) measurements. Results: Among 402 children with glucose and insulin measurements, 15.2% had IR of whom 79% were pubertal. IR was associated with higher alanine aminotransferase, body mass index, and nadir CD4%, Tanner stage 5, and ever having received amprenavir. Of those with IR, three had impaired fasting glucose (IFG), three impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), one IFG and IGT, none diabetic glucose tolerance, and three HbA1c between 6.1 and 6.5%. Conclusion: In our cohort of HIV-infected adolescents, we observed a 15.2% prevalence of IR more closely linked to obesity than any other variable. This finding mirrors the high prevalence of obesity-mediated IR in American youth. However, associations with CD4 count and use of protease inhibitors may indicate some effect of HIV and/or its treatment. Copyright © 2011 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Ethnic differences in body fat distribution among Asian pre-pubertal children: a cross-sectional multicenter study.; Ethnic differences in body fat distribution contribute to ethnic differences in cardiovascular morbidities and diabetes. However few data are available on differences in fat distribution in Asian children from various backgrounds. Therefore, the current study aimed to explore ethnic differences in body fat distribution among Asian children from four countries. A total of 758 children aged 8-10 y from China, Lebanon, Malaysia and Thailand were recruited using a non-random purposive sampling approach to enrol children encompassing a wide BMI range. Height, weight, waist circumference (WC), fat mass (FM, derived from total body water [TBW] estimation using the deuterium dilution technique) and skinfold thickness (SFT) at biceps, triceps, subscapular, supraspinale and medial calf were collected. After controlling for height and weight, Chinese and Thai children had a significantly higher WC than their Lebanese and Malay counterparts. Chinese and Thais tended to have higher trunk fat deposits than Lebanese and Malays reflected in trunk SFT, trunk/upper extremity ratio or supraspinale/upper extremity ratio after adjustment for age and total body fat. The subscapular/supraspinale skinfold ratio was lower in Chinese and Thais compared with Lebanese and Malays after correcting for trunk SFT. Asian pre-pubertal children from different origins vary in body fat distribution. These results indicate the importance of population-specific WC cut-off points or other fat distribution indices to identify the population at risk of obesity-related health problems. ER  - 
Association of adiponectia with cardiometabolic variables and insulin resistance in children and adolescentes; Objective. The objective was to study adiponectin association with insulin resistance and cardiometabolic variables and to evaluate adiponectin levels according to pubertal and nutritional status in children and adolescent from Maracaibo, Zulia State, Venezuela. Methods. We studied 165 school children and adolescents (78 female and 87 male), 5-16 years old, randomly selected from the participants of the Study of Endocrine- Metabolic factors involved in the Atherosclerosis Risk. A complete background clinical chart and laboratory test was conducted for each patient to confi rm their healthy state. Parameters assessed included adiponectin, proinfl ammatory cytokines (TNF-a and IL-6), glucose (GliB), serum lipids, insulin (InsB), HOMAIR index, body mass index (IMC), waist size (CC), systolic (TAS) and diastolic blood pressure (TAD). For statistical analysis, the U de Mann y Whitney test for independent observations was used and Spearman correlation coeffi cients was performed to evaluate the relationship between adiponectin levels and anthropometric measures and lipids profi les among participants. A signifi cant difference was defi ned at p>0.05. Results. Adiponectin levels were lower in pubertal than the prepubertal children (p>0.01) nevertheless, adiponectina levels were not statistically different in eutrophic chil- dren versus obese+overweight and were no different in boys from those in girls. Adiponectin were inversely correlated with waist circumference (p>0.04), TAS (p>0.02) and pubertal status (p>0.01) among children and adolescent but no correlated with HDLc, GliB, InsB and HOMAIR. The presence of alterations on cardiometabolic variables such as IMC, CC, HOMAIR, GliB, InsB, TAS, total cholesterol, HDLc and triacylglicerides did not affected adiponectin levels. Conclusions. There is a transient drop in the level of adiponectin during puberty. The results also suggested that is not association between adiponectin levels and insulin resistance markers. Finally, a direct link was not observed between adiponectin and cardiometabolic alterations present in children and adolescents from this study. ER  - 
Relationship of body fat and cardiorespiratory fitness with cardiovascular risk in Chinese children; Backgrounds/Objectives: Cardiorespiratory fitness (CRF) and body fat play an important role in elevated risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, the combined effects of CRF and obesity on metabolic health in Chinese children are unclear. The purpose of this study was to investigate the independent and combined associations between body fat, CRF, and CVD risk in Chinese schoolchildren. Methods: The study subjects comprised 676 schoolchildren (392 boys and 284 girls, aged 9.6±0.7 yrs old) in Wuhan, China. Their body mass index (BMI), waist circumference (WC), CRF, blood pressure (BP), lipids, glucose, and pubertal status were assessed. Children were categorized into different groups based on their BMI, WC, and CRF using Chinese obesity cut-off points and CRF sex-specific median points. Metabolic Risk Score (MRS) was computed based on the standardized scores of BP, lipids, and glucose. Results: Multiple linear regression models showed that, in the separate models, body fat was positively associated with MRS while CRF was inversely associated with MRS (p<0.001). However, when assessed simultaneously, only body fat had a significant association with MRS (p<0.001). In general, low-fit children had a lower MRS compared to their counterparts, and a significant difference between the two extreme groups was observed (low CRF and high fat vs. high CRF and low fat, p<0.001). Conclusions: These findings suggest that both body fat and CRF should be considered when interpreting CVD risk in Chinese children, while body fat may be correlated with CVD risk more than CRF. © 2011 Wang et al. ER  - 
Fatty acid-binding protein-4 plasma levels are associated to metabolic abnormalities and response to therapy in girls and young women with androgen excess; Objective.To assess the usefulness of circulating fatty acid-binding protein 4 (FABP4) as a predictive marker of long-term therapeutic outcome in girls with ovarian androgen excess and a history of precocious pubarche (PP) and low birth weight (LBW) and in young women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Methods.We included 97 patients. Thirty-nine had a history of LBW-PP and were randomized to remain untreated (n=13) or to receive metformin (n=26). PCOS women (n=58) received low-dose flutamide-metformin plus an oral contraceptive. Auxology, androgens, glucose, insulin, homeostasis model assessment (HOMA)-insulin resistance (IR), lipid profile, FABP4, and body composition (by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry) were assessed at baseline and after 2 years. Results.At baseline, FABP4 was associated with anthropometric measurements and fat body mass (all P<0.05). FABP4 levels increased less after follow-up in the PP-treated girls (P<0.05); in the PCOS patients, basal FABP4 levels were inversely associated with changes in systolic blood pressure, HOMA-IR, and total fat mass (all P<0.05). Body mass index-standard deviation scores was the main independent predictor of FABP4 variations (33%, P<0.001). Conclusion.FABP4 is a strong clinical biomarker of adiposity, IR, and the presence of the components of the metabolic syndrome in non-obese hyperandrogenic girls and young women; pretreatment FABP4 levels appear to predict therapeutic long-term response. © 2011 Informa UK, Ltd. ER  - 
Normal plasma insulin and HOMA values among chilean children and adolescents; Background: Plasma insulin and HOMA (homeostasis model assessment) index, used to determine insulin resistance, do not have local standard values for children and adolescents in Chile. Aim: To establish the normal reference intervals for insulin and HOMA in children and adolescents aged 10-15 years, according to sex and puberal maturation. Material and Methods: A cross-sectional study of 2,153 children and adolescents from Puente Alto County was performed, during 2009 and 2010. Anthropometry and self-report of puberal maturation were assessed. Fasting glucose (hexoquinase) and insulin blood levels (chemiluminiscence), were determined and HOMA index was calculated. Percentile distributions of these variables were calculated. Results: The reference group included only subjects with normal body mass index and fasting blood glucose (n = 1,192). Girls had higher insulin and HOMA values than boys (12.5 ± 6.0 and 9.1 ± 4.9 μU/mL (p < 0.01) and 2.7 ± 1.4 and 2.1 ± 1,1 (p < 0.01), respectively). Subjects with Tanner I and II puberal stages had lower insulin and HOMA mean values than subjects with Tanner III and IV (9.0 ± 4.3 and 12.5 ± 6.2 μU/ml (p < 0.01) and 2.0 ± 1 and 2.8 ± 1.4 (p < 0.01), respectively). Conclusions: The 90th percentile of insulin and HOMA distributions according to sex and maturation, was selected as the upper cut-off point to identify individuals with insulin resistance. HOMA cutoff point for Tanner I and II boys was 3.2, for Tanner I and II girls was 4.1, for Tanner III and IV boys was 4.2 and for Tanner III and IV girls was 5.0. ER  - 
Sleep architecture and glucose and insulin homeostasis in obese adolescents; OBJECTIVE - Sleep deprivation is associated with increased risk of adult type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). It is uncertain whether sleep deprivation and/or altered sleep architecture affects glycemic regulation or insulin sensitivity or secretion. We hypothesized that in obese adolescents, sleep disturbances would associate with altered glucose and insulin homeostasis. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - This cross-sectional observational study of 62 obese adolescents took place at the Clinical and Translational Research Center and Sleep Laboratory in a tertiary care children's hospital. Subjects underwent oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), anthropometric measurements, overnight polysomnography, and frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test (FSIGT). Hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) and serial insulin and glucose levels were obtained, indices of insulin sensitivity and secretion were calculated, and sleep architecture was assessed. Correlation and regression analyses were performed to assess the association of total sleep and sleep stages with measures of insulin and glucose homeostasis, adjusted for confounding variables. RESULTS - We found significant U-shaped (quadratic) associations between sleep duration and both HbA1c and serial glucose levels on OGTT and positive associations between slow-wave sleep (N3) duration and insulin secretory measures, independent of degree of obesity, pubertal stage, sex, and obstructive sleep apnea measures. CONCLUSIONS - Insufficient and excessive sleep was associated with short-term and long-term hyperglycemia in our obese adolescents. Decreased N3 was associated with decreased insulin secretion. These effects may be related, with reduced insulin secretory capacity leading to hyperglycemia. We speculate that optimizing sleep may stave off the development of T2DM in obese adolescents. © 2011 by the American Diabetes Association. ER  - 
Intra-erythrocyte magnesium is associated with gamma-glutamyl transferase in obese children and adolescents; This study aims at determining the association between markers of hepatic injury and serum, urinary, and intra-erythrocyte magnesium concentrations and dietary magnesium intake in obese children and adolescents. In a case-control study, 42 obese children and adolescents (8-18 years) and 42 sex- and puberty-matched controls were studied. Serum, urinary, and intra-erythrocyte magnesium levels, indices of insulin sensitivity, and liver enzymes were measured. Dietary magnesium intake was assessed using a food frequency questionnaire. Obese children and adolescents exhibited insulin resistance as determined by a higher fasting insulin and the HOMA-IR (p<0.001) and lower QUICKI indices (p=0.001); in addition these subjects had significantly higher intra-erythrocyte magnesium (IEM) concentrations, than non-obese ones (3.99±1.05 vs. 3.35±1.26 mg/dL of packed cell; p=0.015). Among liver enzymes, only gamma-glutamyl transferase (GGT) was significantly higher in obese than in non-obese subjects (22.7±9.4 vs. 17.1±7.9 U/l; p=0.002). A positive association was found between GGT and IEM in both groups; however in multivariate analysis, in obese subjects, only GGT (p=0.026) and, in non-obese subjects, only age (p=0.006) remained as significant predictors of IEM. In conclusion, increased IEM concentration was seen in insulin-resistant obese children and adolescents; furthermore, serum GGT was associated with IEM, independently of body mass index and HOMA-IR. © 2011 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC. ER  - 
Serum adiponectin complexes and cardiovascular risk in children with chronic kidney disease; In contrast to the general population, patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) experience increased total adiponectin levels despite an increased prevalence of cardiovascular disease. Adiponectin circulates as trimer, low molecular weight (LMW), and high molecular weight (HMW) complexes. The distribution and role of each subfraction in CKD is unknown. This cross-sectional analysis examined the association of serum adiponectin and its subfractions with known cardiovascular risk factors in 105 children (median age 12 years; 56% male) enrolled into the Chronic Kidney Disease in Children (CKiD) study, an observational cohort study of children with CKD stage 2-4. HMW accounted for 46% of total adiponectin, followed by LMW (34%) and trimer (20%). In multivariable analysis, LMW was independently associated with iohexol glomerular filtration rate (GFR) (p=0.004) and was higher in pubertal versus prepubertal children (p=0.005). HMW/LMW ratio was independently associated with age and iohexol GFR (all p<0.001). Unexpectedly, systolic blood pressure was positively correlated with HMW(p=0.01), and HMW/LMWratio (p=0.007) and inversely correlated with LMW (p=0.009). Among subfractions, only LMW was significantly correlated with left ventricular mass (LVM) index (p=0.05). In multivariable analysis, decreased LMW was independently associated with higher LVM index [β= ?0.25, 95% confidence interval (CI) ?0.50, ?0.03, p=0.04) after adjustment for body mass index (BMI), age, and blood pressure. The higher total adiponectin levels in children with CKD are associated with higher HMW and lower LMW. This imbalance may be an important biomarker for increased cardiovascular risk despite higher levels of total adiponectin in children with CKD. © 2011 IPNA. ER  - 
Genetic and environmental predictors, endogenous hormones and growth factors, and risk of estrogen receptor-positive breast cancer in Japanese women; The incidence of breast cancer in Japanese women has doubled in all age groups over the past two decades. We have recently shown that this marked increase is mostly due to an increase in the estrogen receptor (ER)-positive subtype. It is necessary to establish risk factors capable of predicting the risk of ER-positive breast cancer that will enable the efficient selection of candidates for preventive therapy. We analyzed genetic factors, including 14 single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs), environmental risk factors (body mass index, age at menarche, pregnancy, age at first birth, breastfeeding, family history of breast cancer, age at menopause, use of hormone replacement therapy, alcohol intake, and smoking), serum hormones and growth factors (estradiol, testosterone, prolactin, insulin-like growth factor 1 [IGF1] and IGF binding protein 3 [IGFBP3]), and mammographic density in 913 women with breast cancer and 278 disease-free controls. To identify important risk factors, risk prediction models for ER-positive breast cancer in both pre- and postmenopausal women were created by logistic regression analysis. In premenopausal women, one SNP (CYP19A1-rs10046), age, pregnancy, breastfeeding, alcohol intake, serum levels of prolactin, testosterone, and IGFBP3 were considered to be risk predictors. In postmenopausal women, one SNP (TP53-rs1042522), age, body mass index, age at menopause, serum levels of testosterone, and IGF1 were identified as risk predictors. Risk factors may differ between women of different menopausal status, and inclusion of common genetic variants and serum hormone measurements as well as environmental factors might improve risk assessment models. Further validation studies will clarify appropriate risk groups for preventive therapy. © 2011 Japanese Cancer Association. ER  - 
Association between adiposity and cardiovascular risk factors in prepubertal children; Introduction and objectives: To examine the relationships between of four measures of adiposity, namely waist circumference (WC), body mass index (BMI), and subscapular and abdominal skinfolds, with different cardiovascular risk factors in prepubertal children. Methods: Four hundred and ninety-four prepubertal children aged 6-10 years participated in this cross-sectional study. The subscapular and abdominal skinfolds, WC, and BMI were measured to assess adiposity, and cardiovascular risk factors (CVRFs) were assessed by measuring systolic (SBP) and diastolic blood pressures (DBP), glucose, triglycerides (TG), and high density (HDL-C) and low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C). Dichotomous variables were created based on whether or not the subjects were in the upper quartile (Q4) for the WC, BMI, and skinfold variables. Results: No CVRF was found in 52.8% of children, 33.4% had one factor, and 10.9% and 2.8% had 2 and 3 factors respectively. An adjusted logistic regression analysis showed that being in Q4 of anthropometric variables and CVRFs was associated to TG levels ≥ 100. mg/dL. Glucose levels ≥ 96. mg/dL were associated to Q4 and abdominal fold. Presence of 2 or more CVRFs was significantly associated to Q4 in all anthropometric variables despite adjustment for age, gender, and calorie intake. The subscapular skinfold was the adiposity marker associated to the highest risk. Conclusions: Children with a more unfavorable adiposity profile tend to have a greater cardiovascular risk in the prepubertal stage. © 2011 SEEN. ER  - 
[Correlations between clinical signs and hormonal parameters in young women with hirsutism].; Hyperandrogenism is the pathological condition, which clinical signs are "androgendependent dermopathies" (seborrhea, acne, hirsutism, alopecia) and not in every cases evidence with hyperandrogenemia. Free testosterone is the most frequent marker of hyperandrogenism, but its determination routinely not feasible in all laboratories. Therefore, some models for calculating free and bioavailable testosterone have been developed. In women the testosterone sources are not only ovaries and adrenal glands, but also abdominal and peripheral fat. There are many investigations to definite correlations between body mass index, androgens and sex hormone binding globulin. The aim of this study was to define the correlations between clinical, biochemical markers of hyperandrogenism and body mass index, with regard of abdominal obesity in young women with hirsutism. 83 female adolescents (14-20 year) with hirsutism and 20 female adolescents in control group were included. C-peptide, estradiol, total testosterone, sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG) were measured. Free androgen index (FAI), free (cFT) and bioavailable (Bio-T) testosterone were calculated. The levels of C-peptide and glucose were used to compute Homa-IR (homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance). There were detected significant high levels by all hormonal parameters of hyperandrogenism in women with hirsutism, than in control group. In patients with abdominal obesity were also found significant high levels by all calculated parameters of hyperandrogenism and significant low level of steroid-bind globulin, than in patients with central obesity. In two groups by hirsutism degree were not detected any differences between androgen markers. The findigs of this research suggest, that android obesity in female adolescents with hirsutism can cause harder hyperandrogenism and elevate free androgen index, free and bioavailable testosterone levels. The prophylactic reduction of body mass index may prevent complications. ER  - 
Gamma' (γ') fibrinogen and obesity-related cardiometabolic risk factors in children; Background: Obesity-related hyperfibrinogenemia is a risk factor for cardiometabolic disease (CMD). Since fibrinogen has several isoforms the link between fibrinogen and CMD may lie not only in the level of total fibrinogen, but in its composition as well. Studies in animals and adults suggest an important role for γ' fibrinogen in thrombosis and CMD. To the best of our knowledge the role of γ' fibrinogen and its relationship with obesity-related risk factors for CMD have not been addressed in children. Methods: In a well controlled cohort of adolescents (N=21; age=14-18years old; Tanner stage >IV) the concentration of γ' fibrinogen and other risk factors for CMD such as total fibrinogen, IL-6, CRP, BMI, insulin and HOMA-IR were determined. Analysis was done using an independent sample t-test and correlations were calculated by Pearson correlation coefficient. Multiple regression analysis was performed after identifying significant principal components of the CMD risk factors. Results: γ' fibrinogen concentration as well as the γ'/total fibrinogen ratio was higher in the obese vs. lean, but lower compared to the adults from the Framingham study (both P < 0.05). Correlations among γ' fibrinogen and obesity-related risk factors for CMD were significant (P<0.05; adjusted R2=0.87). Conclusions: Higher γ' fibrinogen concentration in obese vs. lean children and its relationship with other risk factors for CMD suggest, 1) the role of γ' fibrinogen as a novel risk factor for CMD in children and 2) children are potentially at risk for thrombosis, stroke and/or atherosclerosis at an early age in the clinical course of obesity. The potential independent role of γ' fibrinogen as an early marker of CMD in obese children needs to be confirmed in larger longitudinal studies. ER  - 
Longitudinal changes in adiposity predict insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-I and IGF binding protein (BP)-3 in overweight latino adolescents; Background: Adiposity has been associated with higher plasma levels of IGF-I, which has been linked to cancer. In our previous cross-sectional study, we demonstrated that in overweight Latino children, total fat mass (TFM) and IGF-I are inversely related. Longitudinal relationships between IGF-I and adiposity have not been well characterized. Results from this study will help us to further explain the effects of adiposity on IGF levels. Methods: This four-year observational longitudinal study examined 206 overweight Latino children. The baseline BMI percentile was >85th and mean age was 11.1±0.1 yrs. They were assessed for: 1) adiposity [TFM by DEXA, abdominal adipose tissue (SAAT) and intra-abdominal adipose tissue (IAAT) by MRI] and 2) plasma IGF-I, IGFBP-I & 3 levels (ng/ ml) at each year. Data were analyzed using mixed effects modeling with adjustment for gender, Tanner stage, TFM (where appropriate), total lean tissue mass, insulin sensitivity, and visit number. Results: Over 4 years, we observed a steady increase in unadjusted mean IGF-I and IGFBP-I levels while IGFBP-3 increased in years 1-3 and decreased in year 4. Although IGF levels increased longitudinally, this was attenuated by increases in adiposity. Over time, increases in TFM (β=-0.002 ng/ml; 95% CI, -0.003 to -0.001; p<0.01) and IAAT (β=-0.52 ng/ml; 95% CI, -1.02 to -0.02; p<0.05) resulted in smaller increases in IGF-I. Increases in TFM (β=-0.01 ng/ml; 95% CI, -0.01 to -0.003; p<0.01) resulted in smaller increases in IGFBP- 3. There were no significant changes in IGFBP-I in relation to adiposity. Conclusions: These results provide evidence that increases in adiposity are associated with decreases in IGF-I and IGFBP-3 levels. ER  - 
Association of LAMA5 missense polymorphisms with fasting levels of serum triglycerides and insulin and total body fat mass in a cohort of early pubertal children; Background: Laminins are large heterotrimeric glycoproteins that are found in basement membranes where they play an essential role in cellmatrix adhesion, migration, and differentiation of various cell types. By performing quantitative genetic studies in Drosophila melanogaster and population-based cohort studies of pre-menopausal women (De Luca et al. 2008 BMC Genet. 9:52) and elderly subjects (De Luca et al. 2011 Exp. Gerontol. 46: 60-64), we previously identified the LAMA5 gene, which encodes the laminin α5 chain, as a potential candidate influencing body composition and metabolic traits. Methods: The goal of this study was to test for association between LAMA5 Arg3079Trp or Asp2062Asn and variation in body composition, lipid profile, and glucose homeostasis traits in a cohort of 289 children (age 7-12) who were recruited from the Birmingham area. Linear regression analyses adjusted for age, gender, tanner, genetic admixture, and appropriate confounding variables were used. Results: We found that each copy of the Arg3079Trp minor C-allele increased the log of fasting serum TG and insulin levels by 10% (p = 0.003) and 8% (p = 0.018), respectively. Additionally, a trend toward reduced insulin sensitivity (p = 0.056) was observed in children homozygous C/C under a recessive model. Finally, we found an association between Asp2062Asn and total body fat mass (p = 0.033), assuming a recessive model. Conclusions: These results corroborate our previous findings that genetic variation in LAMA5 influences body composition, lipid profile, and glucose homeostasis traits and provide evidence that this may occur early in life. ER  - 
Impact of overweight on effectiveness of treatment with human growth hormone in growth hormone deficient children: Analysis of German KIGS data; Background: We hypothesized that overweight children with growth hormone deficiency (GHD) demonstrate a lower response to growth hormone (GH) as a result of a misclassification since obesity is associated with lower GH peaks in stimulation tests. Methods: Anthropometric data, response, and responsiveness to GH in the first year of treatment were compared in 1.712 prepubertal children with GHD from the German KIGS database according to BMI (underweight=group A, normal weight=group B, overweight=group C) (median age: group A, B, C: 7.3, 7.28, and 8.4 years). Results: Maximum GH levels to tests (median: group A, B, C: 5.8, 5.8, and 4.0g/ml) were significantly lower in group C. IGF-I SDS levels were not different between the groups. Growth velocity in the first year of GH treatment was significantly lower in the underweight cohort (median: group A, B, C: 8.2, 8.8, and 9.0cm/yr), while the gain in height was not different between groups. The difference between observed and predicted growth velocity expressed as Studentized residuals was not significantly different between groups. Separating the 164 overweight children into obese children (BMI>97 th centile; n=71) and moderate overweight children (BMI>90 th to 97th centile, n=93) demonstrated no significant difference in any parameter. Conclusions: Overweight prepubertal children with idiopathic GHD demonstrated similar levels of responsiveness to GH treatment compared to normal weight children. Furthermore, the IGF-I levels were low in overweight children. Therefore, a misclassification of GHD in overweight prepubertal children within the KIGS database seems unlikely. The first year growth prediction models can be applied to overweight and obese GHD children. © J. A. Barth Verlag in Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart. ER  - 
Relationship of insulin resistance to psychobehavioral characteristics of overweight and obese African American children; Objectives: The objective of this study was to evaluate the relationships of insulin resistance to positive as well as negative dimensions of the child's emotions, behavior and personality (hereafter referred to as "psychobehavioral characteristics") in a convenience sample of inner-city, overweight and obese, African American children. Methods: A secondary analysis was performed on a sample of 127 children ages 9-12. yr old who were participating in a community-based, Type 2 diabetes prevention program. Psychobehavioral characteristics of children were assessed using both child and parent ratings derived from the Behavioral Assessment for Children, 2nd edition (BASC-2). Body fatness was evaluated using anthropometric techniques, and insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) was calculated from fasting glucose and insulin concentrations. Hierarchical multiple linear regression models were employed with BASC scales as dependent variables and HOMA-IR as the independent variable of interest. Results: After adjusting for child age, pubertal stage, gender, family socioeconomic index, and intervention group assignment, child HOMA-IR was related at p < 0.05 to less favorable scores for parent-report of behavioral symptoms and externalizing problems composites, and to content scales for bullying and negative emotionality. Additionally, child HOMA-IR was related at p < 0.01 to less favorable scores for child-report inattention/hyperactivity composite. Body fatness suppressed the unfavorable relationship between HOMA-IR and these and other psychobehavioral characteristics as the degree of significance was higher following adjustment for body fatness in this cohort. Conclusion: More than one psychobehavioral characteristic were associated with body fatness and insulin resistance in the overweight children of this study. Whether the associations are due to several, or only one, of these psychobehavioral characteristics could not be determined. A much larger and future study will be needed to determine which, if any, of these psychobehavioral characteristics are independently associated with insulin resistance in overweight children. © 2011 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Growth hormone deficiency in children and adolescents with cerebral Palsy: Relation to gross motor function and degree of spasticity; Children with Cerebral Palsy (CP) often have poor linear growth during childhood with short final height. Thus, we aimed to assess serum growth hormone (GH), insulin like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) and insulin like growth factor binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) levels among CP patients and their relation to each of gross motor function and degree of spasticity. Fifty CP children and adolescents were studied in comparison to 50 healthy age-, sex- and pubertal stage-matched children and adolescents. All subjects were subjected to clinical evaluation, Intelligence Quotient (IQ) assessment and measurement of serum GH, IGF-1 and IGFBP-3. All auxological and hormonal parameters were significantly lower among cases. Fifty two% of cases were GH-deficient and 62% had reduced IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 levels. Gross Motor Function Measure- 88 by Modified Ashworth Scale and each of basal (r = -0.61, p = 0.032) and peak stimulated GH (r = -0.78, p = 0.01); IGF-1 (r = -0.65, p = 0.041) and IGFBP-3 (r = -0.62, p = 0.035). Growth Hormone Deficiency (GHD) is prevalent in children with CP and could be one of the causes of their short stature. © 2011 Asian Network for Scientific Information. ER  - 
Age at menarche and its association with the metabolic syndrome and its components: Results from the Kora F4 study; Objective: The metabolic syndrome is a major public health challenge and identifies persons at risk for diabetes and cardiovascular disease. The aim of this study was to examine the association between age at menarche and the metabolic syndrome (IDF and NCEP ATP III classification) and its components. Design: 1536 women aged 32 to 81 years of the German population based KORA F4 study were investigated. Data was collected by standardized interviews, physical examinations, and whole blood and serum measurements. Results: Young age at menarche was significantly associated with elevated body mass index (BMI), greater waist circumference, higher fasting glucose levels, and 2 hour glucose (oral glucose tolerance test), even after adjusting for the difference between current BMI and BMI at age 25. The significant effect on elevated triglycerides and systolic blood pressure was attenuated after adjustment for the BMI change. Age at menarche was inversely associated with the metabolic syndrome adjusting for age (p-values: <0.001 IDF, 0.003 NCEP classification) and additional potential confounders including lifestyle and reproductive history factors (p-values: 0.001, 0.005). Associations remain significant when additionally controlling for recollected BMI at age 25 (p-values: 0.008, 0.033) or the BMI change since age 25 (p-values: 0.005, 0.022). Conclusion: Young age at menarche might play a role in the development of the metabolic syndrome. This association is only partially mediated by weight gain and increased BMI. A history of early menarche may help to identify women at risk for the metabolic syndrome. © 2011 Stöckl et al. ER  - 
Association of perfluorooctanoic acid (PFOA) and perfluorooctane sulfonate (PFOS) with age of puberty among children living near a chemical plant; Animal studies suggest that perfluorocarbons (PFCs) may alter sexual maturation. Relationships of human PFC exposure with puberty are not clear. We conducted a cross-sectional study to investigate whether perfluorooctanoic acid (PFOA) and perfluorooctane sulfonate (PFOS) were associated with indicators of sexual maturation in a 2005-2006 survey of residents with PFOA water contamination from the Mid-Ohio Valley. Participants were 3076 boys and 2931 girls aged 8-18 years. They were classified as having reached puberty based on either hormone levels (total >50 ng/dL and free >5 pg/mL testosterone in boys and estradiol >20 pg/mL in girls) or onset of menarche. We estimated the odds of having reached puberty classified by these criteria and the fitted median age of reaching puberty in relation to serum PFOA and PFOS concentrations measured when puberty status was assigned. For boys, there was a relationship of reduced odds of reached puberty (raised testosterone) with increasing PFOS (delay of 190 days between the highest and lowest quartile). For girls, higher concentrations of PFOA or PFOS were associated with reduced odds of postmenarche (130 and 138 days of delay, respectively). In conclusion, our study showed a later age of puberty in this population correlated with PFC concentrations. © 2011 American Chemical Society. ER  - 
Serum concentrations of insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-1 and IGF binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3), IGF-1/IGFBP-3 ratio, and markers of bone turnover: Reference values for French children and adolescents and z-score comparability with other references; BACKGROUND: A reference model for converting serum growth factor and bone metabolism markers into an SD score (SDS) is required for clinical practice. We aimed to establish reference values of serum insulinlike growth factor-1 (IGF-1) and IGF binding protein 3 (IGFBP-3) concentrations and bone metabolism markers in French children, to generate a model for converting values into SDS for age, sex, and pubertal stage. METHODS: We carried out a cross-sectional study of 1119 healthy white children ages 6-20 years. We assessed concentrations of serum IGF-1, IGFBP-3, carboxyterminal telopeptide α1 chain of type I collagen (CrossLaps), and bone alkaline phosphatase concentrations and height, weight, and pubertal stage, and used semiparametric regression to develop a model. RESULTS: A single regression model to calculate the SDSs with an online calculator was provided.Apositive relationship was found between SDS for serum IGF-1 and IGFBP-3, IGF/IGFBP-3 mol/L ratio, and anthropometric parameters (P<0.0001), with slightly greater effects observed for height than for body mass index (BMI). There was a negative relationship between serum CrossLaps concentration and BMI, and a positive relationship between serum CrossLaps concentration and height. A comparison of serum IGF-1 reference databases for children showed marked variation as a function of age and pubertal group; smooth changes with age and puberty were observed only in our model. CONCLUSIONS: This new model for the assessment of SDS reference values specific for age, sex, and pubertal stage may help to increase the diagnostic power of these parameters for the assessment of growth and bone metabolism disorders. This study also provides information about the physiological role of height and BMI for the interpretation of these parameters. © 2011 American Association for Clinical Chemistry. ER  - 
Low 25(OH)D3 levels are associated with total adiposity, metabolic syndrome, and hypertension in Caucasian children and adolescents; Objectives: Evidence of the association between vitamin D and cardiovascular risk factors in the young is limited. We therefore assessed the relationships between circulating 25-hydroxyvitamin D3(25(OH)D 3) and metabolic syndrome (MetS), its components, and early atherosclerotic changes in 452 (304 overweight/obese and 148 healthy, normal weight) Caucasian children. Methods: We determined serum 25(OH)D3 concentrations in relation to MetS, its components (central obesity, hypertension, low high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol, hypertriglyceridemia, glucose impairment, and/or insulin resistance (IR)), and impairment of flow-mediated vasodilatation (FMD) and increased carotid intima-media thickness (cIMT) - two markers of subclinical atherosclerosis. Results: Higher 25(OH)D3 was significantly associated with a reduced presence of MetS. Obesity, central obesity, hypertension, hypertriglyceridemia, low HDL-cholesterol, IR, and MetS were all associated with increased odds of having low 25(OH)D3 levels, after adjustment for age, sex, and Tanner stage. After additional adjustment for SDS-body mass index, elevated blood pressure (BP) and MetS remained significantly associated with low vitamin D status. The adjusted odds ratio (95% confidence interval) for those in the lowest (<17 ng/ml) compared with the highest tertile (>27 ng/ml) of 25(OH)D3 for hypertension was 1.72 (1.02-2.92), and for MetS, it was 2.30 (1.20-4.40). A similar pattern of association between 25(OH)D3, high BP, and MetS was observed when models were adjusted for waist circumference. No correlation was found between 25(OH)D3concentrations and either FMD or cIMT. Conclusions: Low 25(OH)D3 levels in Caucasian children are inversely related to total adiposity, MetS, and hypertension. © 2011 European Society of Endocrinology. ER  - 
Factors associated with bone turnover and speed of sound in early and late-pubertal females; This cross-sectional study examines whether maturity, body composition, physical activity, dietary intake, and hormonal concentrations are related to markers of bone turnover and tibial speed of sound (tSOS) in premenarcheal (n =20, 10.1 ± 1.1 years) and postmenarcheal girls (n = 28, aged 15.0 ± 1.4 years). Somatic maturity was evaluated using years from age of peak height velocity (aPHV). Daily dietary intake was assessed with a 24-h recall interview, and moderate to very vigorous physical activity (MVPA) was measured using accelerometry. Plasma levels of 25-OH vitamin D, serum levels of insulin-like growth-factor 1 (IGF-1) and leptin, and serum levels of bone turnover markers including osteocalcin (OC), bone-specific alkaline phosphatase (BAP) and cross-linked N-teleopeptide of type I collagen (NTX) were measured using ELISA. OC, BAP, and NTX were significantly higher while IGF-1 and tSOS were lower in the premenarcheal group. The premenarcheal girls were more active and had higher daily energy intake relative to their body mass but there were no group differences in body mass index percentile. Maturity predicted 40%-57% of the variance in bone turnover markers. Additionally, daily energy intake was a significant predictor of OC, especially in the postmenarcheal group. IGF-1 and MVPA were significant predictors of BAP in the group as a whole. However, examined separately, IGF-1 was a predictor of BAP in the premenarcheal group while MVPA was a predictor in the postmenarcheal group. Adiposity and leptin were both negative predictors of tSOS, with leptin being specifically predictive in the postmenarcheal group. In conclusion, while maturity was the strongest predictor of bone markers and tSOS, dietary intake, physical activity, body composition, and hormonal factors further contribute to the variance in bone turnover and bone SOS in young Caucasian fem ales. Further, thepredicting factors of bone turnover and tSOS were different within each maturity group. ER  - 
Retinol-binding protein 4 correlates with triglycerides but not insulin resistance in prepubertal children with and without premature adrenarche; Background: Retinol-binding protein 4 (RBP4) has been proposed as an early marker for insulin resistance (IR), but no prior studies have addressed RBP4 in an exclusively prepubertal population. Children with premature adrenarche (PA) are at increased risk for IR and metabolic syndrome (MeS); thus finding an appropriate early marker for IR in this population would allow for early intervention and prevention of morbidity related to IR and MeS. Objective: To determine whether prepubertal children with PA have higher levels of RBP4 than controls and whether RBP4 correlates with comorbidities of metabolic disease in prepubertal children. Subjects: This study comprised 49 prepubertal children (24 with PA and 25 control subjects), 20 boys and 29 girls, who were between the ages of 5 and 9 years. Methods: This was a cross-sectional, case-control study conducted in a subspecialty ambulatory clinic based in a quaternary care center. RBP4 levels, hormonal values, lipids, and response to an oral glucose tolerance test were evaluated in children with PA and controls, and body composition measures were obtained in a subset of patients (n =18). Results: RBP4 correlated with triglycerides (r =0.57, p<0.0001) but did not correlate with IR in a body mass index z-scoreadjusted Pearson correlation analysis. There was no difference in RBP4 levels between the PA and control groups. Conclusions: These findings suggest that RBP4 may be an early marker of dyslipidemia, which may herald future onset of hepatic IR, polycystic ovary syndrome, and MeS. © 2011 by Walter de Gruyter. ER  - 
The effects of antiepileptic drugs on the relationships between leptin levels and bone turnover in prepubertal children with epilepsy; Antiepileptic drugs (AED) had an effect on bone metabolism in children. This study was conducted in order to determine the relationships between serum leptin levels, bone mineral density (BMD) and bone turnover markers in epileptic children. Fifty-three patients were treated with valproic acid (VPA) and 23 with carbamazepine (CBZ) monotherapy;50 healthy children were included in the study as controls. Serum alkaline phosphatase (ALP) and cross-linked C-telopeptide (CTx) levels were statistically significantly higher in the CBZ group than in the VPA group and the control group (p<0.0001, p<0.010, respectively). Serum osteocalcin and ALP levels were significantly lower in the VPA group than in the control group (P<0.012, P<0.030, respectively). Although we found slightly higher serum leptin levels in both the CBZ and VPA groups, they were not significantly different from the control group (P>0.05). We demonstrated that the markers of bone formation and resorption increased with CBZ and decreased with VPA treatment without affecting BMD and vitamin D levels in prepubertal epileptic children. © 2011 by Walter de Gruyter • Berlin • Boston. ER  - 
Paradoxical increase in arterial compliance in obese pubertal children; We determined whether arterial compliance measured by pulse wave analysis is impaired in obese pubertal children compared to normal weight controls, and assessed whether arterial compliance is associated with ambulatory activity. Body fat percentage was significantly different between the normal (n = 33) and obese (n = 34) participants (P <.001). Large (P =.012) and small (P <.001) arterial compliance were lower in the normal-weight group. After adjusting for height, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, race, sex, and Tanner stage, large arterial compliance was no longer different between groups (P =.066), whereas small arterial compliance remained higher in the obese group (P <.001). Obese pubertal children have paradoxically increased small arterial compliance compared to that of normal weight children, even after adjusting for height, blood pressure, race, sex, and Tanner stage. Thus, obesity in adolescence is not associated with impairments in small arterial compliance. © SAGE Publications 2011. ER  - 
Indicators of overweight and cardiovascular disease risk factors among 11- to 17-year-old boys and girls in Germany; Objective: We analyzed the magnitude of the association between cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors and various measures of overweight among adolescents, to determine which indicator of overweight is most relevant for risk assessment. Methods: 5,546 boys and girls aged 11-17 years participating in the German Health Interview and Examination Survey for Children and Adolescents (KiGGS) were studied. Overweight was assumed when different anthropometric variables exceeded age- and sex-specific 90th percentiles. Blood pressure was measured and blood samples were analyzed for serum total cholesterol, lipoproteins, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, and glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c). Results: In both sexes, overweight was significantly associated with adverse levels of CVD risk factors, except HbA1c. These associations were most pronounced for overweight as defined by waist circumference (WC), waist-to-height ratio (WHtR), or BMI. Between 11% and 37% of the overweight children exceeded the defined cut-offs for individual CVD risk factors, with age- and puberty-adjusted significant odds ratios (95% confidence interval (CI)) in comparison to normal-weight age mates ranging from 1.7 (1.0-3.0) to 6.1 (4.5-8.2). Conclusions: The findings of this population-based survey suggest that, among adolescents, WC, WHtR, and BMI are easily applicable measures of overweight that appear to be relevant for CVD risk assessment. Copyright © 2011 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Triple negative breast cancer and metabolic X syndrome: A novel cross-sectional explorative study; Background & Objectives: Triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC) are more likely to arise among younger women with a younger age at menarche, higher parity, younger age at full-term pregnancy, higher body mass index and waist-to-hip ratio, hyperlipidemia, and diabetes. The exact association of TNBC with Metabolic X syndrome (MetS) has not been extensively studied. Our objective was to determine the association of MetS syndrome with TNBC. Material and Methods: During 2008 to 2011, 356 women subjects with histo-pathologically proven invasive breast cancer were selected for the study. Their receptor status was confirmed. The body mass index (BMI) was measured according to the WHO criteria. All the patients were tested for fasting and postprandial blood sugar, HDL and LDL-cholesterol, triglycerides, HbA1c after 12 hours of fasting. Waist to Hip ratio was measured as per standardized anthropometric methodology. Histopathology slides for TNBC and non-TNBC tissues were stained with H/E and image analysis was performed in Fluorescence microscopy. Results: Univariate analysis showed that BMI > 30 (p < 0.029) and increased Waist to Hip ratio (p < 0.000) were significantly associated with TNBC. Hyperlipidaemia with elevated LDL-cholesterol and triglycerides were significantly associated with TNBC (p < 0.000). Moreover diabetes, and hypertension both were significantly related to TNBC (p < 0.000) and (p < 0.014) respectively. Multivariate analysis of factors clearly demonstrated statistically significant association of BMI, LDL cholesterol, triglycerides, diabetes and hypertension with TNBC and MetS. Differential pattern recognition and typical cancer cell distributions are noted amongst the lymphocyte array. Interpretation & Conclusion: Multivariate analysis using Pillai's Trace test for comparison of factors between TNBC and MetS clearly demonstrated statistical significance between association of BMI, LDL cholesterol, triglycerides, diabetes, hypertension and components of MetS syndrome of TNBC along with typical cellular pattern recognition, indicating development of newer biomarkers of TNBC. ER  - 
Serum visfatin and vaspin levels in prepubertal children: Effect of obesity and weight loss after behavior modifications on their secretion and relationship with glucose metabolism; Objective:To investigate the impact of obesity, weight loss and oral glucose ingestion on serum visfatin and vaspin levels in prepubertal children.Subjects and methods:A total of 100 prepubertal obese Caucasian children (OB) and 42 controls (C) were studied. The OB group was studied at baseline and after moderate (n46) and extensive (n14) body mass index (BMI) reduction by conservative treatment, undergoing body composition studies (dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry) and oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTTs). Serum visfatin and vaspin levels were studied throughout the OGTT, as were their relationships with insulin, leptin, leptin soluble receptor (sOB-R), adiponectin (total and high molecular weight), resistin, interleukin-6 (IL-6) and tumor necrosis factor-α levels at every time point.Results:OB had higher visfatin (P0.001), but similar vaspin than C. BMI reduction decreased visfatin levels (P0.001), with BMI, waist circumference and the surrogate markers of body fat (leptin and sOB-R) showing significant correlations (P0.05) with this peptide, but not with vaspin. Visfatin and vaspin decreased during the OGTT (P0.001). Weight reduction did not alter visfatin dynamics in the OGTT, but decreased the area under the curve (AUC) for vaspin (P0.001), with a correlation between the AUCs for vaspin and insulin after weight loss (P0.05). Visfatin levels were positively correlated with resistin and IL-6, after controlling for BMI and HOMA (homeostatic model assessment) index at every time point in the study.Conclusion:Serum visfatin, but not vaspin, levels are influenced by body fat content in obese children, whereas both adipokines are modulated by glucose intake in a BMI-dependent manner. © 2011 Macmillan Publishers Limited All rights reserved. ER  - 
Insulin sensitivity at childhood predicts changes in total and central adiposity over a 6-year period; Objective:To examine the associations of insulin resistance at childhood with adiposity changes over a 6-year period (from 9 to 15 years) in a sample of 659 Swedish and Estonian children (52.7% girls) participating in the European Youth Heart Study.Research, Design and Methods:We measured weight, height, waist circumference, biceps, triceps, subscapular, suprailiac, and medial calf skinfolds, and we calculated body mass index (BMI), sum of five skinfolds, and body fat percentage. Fasting plasma glucose and insulin were measured and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) was calculated. Changes in puberty stage, sex, centre and the corresponding baseline adiposity values were used as confounders in all analysis.Results:HOMA-IR at childhood was significantly and positively associated with changes in BMI (Β0.265; P<0.024), sum of five skinfolds (Β0.3445; P<0.003), body fat percentage (Β1.042; P<0.016) and waist circumference (Β0.806; P<0.002) from childhood to adolescence. These relationships persisted when overweight children were excluded from the analysis. BMI, sum of five skinfolds, body fat percentage and waist circumference at childhood were not significantly associated with changes in HOMA-IR (P for all 0.1).Conclusions:These results give further support to the concept that lower insulin sensitivity at childhood may predict subsequent total and central adiposity gain at adolescence. These findings enhance the role of insulin sensitivity as a target of obesity prevention already from the first decades of life. © 2011 Macmillan Publishers Limited All rights reserved. ER  - 
Early-onset metabolic syndrome in prepubertal obese children and the possible role of alanine aminotransferase as marker of metabolic syndrome; Introduction: Obesity is often associated with increased serum alanine aminotransferase (ALT), and elevation of ALT is a marker of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease which is caused in part by insulin resistance, the essential characteristic of metabolic syndrome (MS). We evaluated the prevalence of MS in prepubertal obese children and the usefulness of ALT as an MS marker. Patients: 120 obese children (6.3 ± 1.6 years old) and 50 normal-weight controls (5.3 ± 2.0 years old) were included. Patients were classified as having MS if they met ≥3 of the following criteria: body mass index >97th percentile, triglycerides >95th percentile, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol <5th percentile, systolic (SBP) and/or diastolic (DBP) blood pressure >95th percentile, fasting blood glucose 100 mg/dl and/or impaired insulin sensitivity with homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance >97.5th percentile. ALT levels were also evaluated. Results: MS occurred in 16.6% of obese patients. Significant differences were present in body mass index (p < 0.001), SBP (p = 0.002) and DBP (p < 0.001) between non-MS and MS obese patients; laboratory data, except total cholesterol, were significantly different in the two groups. The strongest association with MS (as evaluated by the c-statistic) was found for insulin and homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance (c = 0.92 and 0.91, respectively); also, DBP and SBP showed good discrimination ability (c = 0.73 and 0.72, respectively). ALT levels in the MS group were higher than in the non-MS group (p = 0.02) and associated with MS (p = 0.001; c = 0.69). Conclusion: MS is a consequence of obesity already in very young children. Also, pathological serum ALT levels were significantly correlated with MS and might be considered a marker for defining MS, though confirmation in a longitudinal study is called for. © 2011 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Long-term safety and efficacy of the recombinant human growth hormone omnitrope® in the treatment of Spanish growth hormone deficient children: Results of a phase III study; Introduction: This phase III study in growth hormone (GH) deficient (GHD) children with growth retardation was designed to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of longterm treatment with the recombinant human GH Omnitrope® (Sandoz BioPharmaceuticals, Holzkirchen, Germany). Methods: Treatmentnaïve, prepubertal Spanish children (n=70) with isolated GHD were treated with Omnitrope 0.03 mg/kg/day subcutaneously. Changes in height, height standard deviation score (HSDS), height velocity (HV), HV standard deviation score (HVSDS), serum insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-1, and insulin-like growth factor binding protein (IGFBP)-3 levels were recorded. Results: Omnitrope treatment provided a good growth response after 4 years, shown by a significant increase in mean body height (31.1 cm [95% CI: 29.6-32.6]), HSDS (Tanner) (1.42 [1.13-1.70]), HV (2.4 cm [1.7-3.1]), and HVSDS values (3.5 [2.7-4.3]). Mean IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 serum levels also increased significantly. Conclusion: At a dose of 0.03 mg/kg/day, Omnitrope was safe, effective, and well tolerated during long-term treatment of children with GHD. © 2011 Springer Healthcare. ER  - 
Presence of the metabolic syndrome in obese children at prepubertal age; Background/Aims: There is a strong debate on the diagnosis and early phenotypic expression of the metabolic syndrome in children. The aim of the present study was to examine the frequency of the metabolic syndrome using various definitions in obese prepubertal and pubertal children. Methods: 478 (213 females and 265 males) obese children were recruited in three provinces of Spain. Blood pressure (BP), waist circumference, and weight and height were measured, and body mass index was calculated. Glucose, insulin, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and triacylglycerols were determined. We classified the children according to seven different proposed definitions of the metabolic syndrome. Results: Regardless of the definition used, the prevalence of the metabolic syndrome (8.3-34.2%) was relatively high in obese children in the prepubertal period as well as in pubertal children (9.7-41.2%). We performed a principal-factor analysis to explain correlations among features of the metabolic syndrome and found that glucose metabolism (factor 1), dyslipidemia (factor 2) and obesity/BP (factor 3) explained 72% of the total variance. Conclusion: Irrespective of the classification used, the metabolic syndrome is not only present in pubertal but also in prepubertal children. International definitions of the metabolic syndrome should also consider criteria specific for children in the prepubertal period, i.e. children aged <10 years. © 2011 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Better nutritional status in early childhood is associated with improved clinical outcomes and survival in patients with cystic fibrosis; Objectives: Our aim was to evaluate the impact of nutritional status early in life on the timing and velocity of height growth, lung function, survival and CF complications through age 18. Study design: Prospective, observational study using data from the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation Registry for patients born between 1989 and 1992. Patients were categorized by weight-for-age percentile (WAP) and height-for-age percentile (HAP) attained at age four years, and outcomes until age 18 years were compared across age four WAP and HAP categories. In a second analysis (“current”), growth velocity (centimeters grown per year) was calculated annually and categorized by the patient's corresponding WAP at each year. Results: WAP at 4 years of age was positively associated with HAP throughout childhood. Age four WAP>10% was associated with better lung function from 6 to 18 years of age. In boys with current WAP>25%, and girls with current WAP>10%, peak pubertal height velocities approximated but remained lower than that of the healthy reference population. By age 18, patients with an age four WAP>50% suffered fewer acute pulmonary exacerbations, spent fewer days in the hospital, and had lower rates of disordered glucose metabolism or diabetes. Patients attaining higher age four WAP and HAP had a survival advantage throughout childhood. Conclusion:We report that greater weight at age four is associated with greater height, better pulmonary function, and fewer complications of CF and better survival through age 18. Furthermore, greater weight for age in the peripubertal period is associated with improved tempo and timing of pubertal height growth. (Table presented). ER  - 
The effect of visceral adiposity, blood pressure, HbA1c, and LDL-cholesterol on the longitudinal evolution of the carotid intima medial thickness in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus. Longitudinal cIMT development in T1DM; Background: Type 1 diabetes mellitus is a generally accepted atherogenic risk factor. Objectives: The aim of this prospective longitudinal study was to evaluate changes in carotid intima media thickness (cIMT) in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) using standardized methods. Method: We re-evaluated cIMT in 70 (38 f) of initial 150 (80 f) patients with T1DM after 4 years. At re-evaluation mean age was 16.45 ± 2.59 y, mean diabetes duration was 9.2 ± 3.24 y and patients had a mean HbA1c of 8.14 ± 1.06 %. Results: Mean cIMT z-scores increased significantly during 4 years (0.58 ± 0.75, p<0.001). 46/70 patients had an increase in cIMT; compared to the 24 pts. with a cIMT stabilization these pts. were older (p = 0.011), more advanced in pubertal development (p < 0.001), and had a higher systolic blood pressure ( p = 0.031). Waist-to-hip ratio was significantly correlated to cIMT values (r = 0.29; p = 0.049). Moreover, in a multivariate regression model (backward) for cIMT increment significant associations (R2 = 0.505, p=0.022) were systolic blood pressure (ß=0.301, p=0.053), LDL-cholesterol (ß=0.238, p=0.086), HbA1c (ß-0.409, p=0.021) and WHR z-score (ß=0.274, p = 0.01). Conclusion: Longitudinal cIMT measurements revealed progression in subclinical atherosclerosis during a four year period in diabetic children and adolescents. Classical cardiovascular risk factors were related to cIMT increment. Control of these risk factors by lifestyle and medical intervention may prevent progression of cIMT in diabetic children. ER  - 
Beta cell dysfunction contributes to impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) in young adult survivors of childhood acute lymphoblastic leukaemia (ALL) and acute myeloid leukaemia (AML) treated with bone marrow transplantation and total body irradiation (BMT/TBI); Introduction: IGT is increasingly recognised in young adult survivors of childhood leukaemia treated with BMT/TBI. Insulin resistance(IR) associated with abnormal body composition has been described, but β-cell function may also be directly compromised by oncology treatment itself. Objective: To investigate glucose homeostasis in young adult BMT/TBI survivors and an obesity cohort. Method: Comparison of clinical data from BMT/TBI survivors aged 15-25 years, and otherwise healthy obese patients. All had auxology, oral glucose tolerance tests(OGTT) and bioimpedance(BIA). Means were compared with t-tests and ANOVA's used to adjust for confounders. Results: Twenty-three(M=11) BMT/TBI and 63(M=21) obese post-pubertal patients were included. Median(range)ages were 19.3(15.6-24.1) and 16.3(15.1-18.9)years respectively. All BMT/TBI survivors received 14.4Gy TBI at median(range)age 7.8(1.0-16.7)years for ALL(n=19, M=11; 7 had cranial irradiation) and AML(n=4, all F). All were on endocrine replacement if indicated: growth hormone(GH)(n=17), thyroxine(n=16) and sex steroids(n=16). BMT/TBI patients were lighter(weightSDS=-0.56vs3.37,p=0.001), shorter(heightSDS=-0.90vs0.24, p<0.001)with lower total %fat (26.06vs44.56,p<0.001), increased central adiposity(%trunkto-total-body-fat mass=50.88vs20.52,p<0.001, trunk-to-total-limb fat mass ratio=1.13vs0.885,p=0.002) and reduced lean mass(fat-free-massindex= 16.75vs20.52kg/m2,p<0.001). OGTT results showed higher mean 120 minutes glucose level(8.63vs6.12mmol/L,p<0.001), higher glucose area-under-the-curve(16.48vs13.31,p=0.001),but lower IR(Geometric mean HOMA2-IR=1.37vs.2.27,p=0.004) and lower β-cell function(Mean HOMA2-β%=155.83vs216.55,p=0.004) in the BMT/TBI group. There were no significant effect of age, gender or GH status on HOMA2-IR and HOMA2-β%. One BMT/TBI patient had impaired fasting glucose but no between group differences were seen. Conclusions: The data implicate β-cell dysfunction in the pathophysiology of IGT in young adult BMT/TBI survivors. Further investigations are required to inform optimum treatment strategies. ER  - 
Growth patterns during puberty in relation to the development of microalbuminuria in young people with type 1 diabetes; Background: In adults with type 1 diabetes (T1D) short stature has been associated with cardiovascular disease and diabetic nephropathy. However, there are no data on the potential relationship between growth patterns during puberty and the development of diabetic vascular complications. Objective and hypotheses: We tested the hypothesis as to whether pubertal growth is impaired in young people with T1D who develop microalbuminuria (MA). Methods: Repeated height measurements performed during puberty were available for 201 young people (103 boys) with childhood onset T1D followed in the Oxford Regional Prospective Study. Longitudinal data on albumin/ creatinine ratios and HbA1c were also collected from the study participants. Height standard deviation scores (SDS) were compared between subjects who developed MA (MA+; n=66 (56% males); age at diagnosis:7.4±3.2yr) and normoalbuminuric subjects (MA-; n=135 (51% males); age at diagnosis:7.4±2.9yr). Results: In the whole study population height SDS progressively declined during puberty, from 0.22±0.97 to 0.07±1.04, p<0.001. The decline in height SDS was significantly different between the MA+ and MA-groups (p=0.04) (Fig 1). In particular, height SDS was lower in the MA+ group at the age of 15-16yr:-0.11±1.02 vs 0.22±0.96, p=0.02, and at the age of 17-18yr:-0.17±1.06 vs 0.19±1.01, p=0.02. Within the MA+group, mean height SDS after MA onset was significantly lower than before MA onset (-0.24±0.96 vs-0.03±0.94, p=0.001). Final height was inversely associated with MA (HR[95%CI]:0.968[0.943-0.994] p=0.01), although this association was no longer significant after adjusting for HbA1c, which was higher in the MA+ group (10.5±1.7 vs 9.8±1.4%, p=0.003). Conclusions: In this study we detected a significant impairment in growth during puberty in young people with T1D, particularly in those developing MA. A potential explanation for these findings could be the involvement of common factors in the pathogenesis of impaired growth and MA, such as genetic/environmental factors and/or poor glycaemic control. (Figure presented). ER  - 
Longitudinal association between insulin resistance and ambulatory blood pressure in obese children; Background: Decreased insulin sensitivity is a common finding among obese children and is associated with an adverse cardio-metabolic profile. It is alarming that this association can be already detected in prepubertal children, as it is likely that it will worsen during puberty due to physiological insulin resistance. Objective and hypotheses: Our aim was to assess changes in ambulatory blood pressure (ABP) from the prepubertal to pubertal period and their association with variations in insulin sensitivity and body mass index (BMI) in obese children. Methods: Thirty obese children (15 males) underwent a first assessment when they were prepubertal (visit 1, age:9.0±1.2years) and were re-evaluated during puberty (visit 2, age:14.1±1.4years). At both visits anthropometric parameters were assessed, blood samples were collected for fasting insulin and glucose measurements, and a 24-hour ABP monitoring was performed. HOMA-IR was calculated as an index of insulin sensitivity. Results: A significant increase from visit 1 to visit 2 was detected in 24-hour systolic BP standard deviation score (SBP SDS) (0.38±0.70 vs 0.88±0.68, p<0.001) and nighttime SBP SDS (1.05±0.80 vs 1.53±0.76, p=0.005). Mean BMI SDS did not significantly change from visit 1 to visit 2 (2.2±0.4 vs 2.2±0.6), whereas both fasting insulin (12.2±5.4 vs 21.2±8.0 mU/L, p<0.001) and HOMA-IR (2.6±1.2 vs 4.3±1.6, p=0.005) significantly increased. At both visits ABP was significantly correlated with BMI SDS and HOMA-IR. The increase in 24-hour and nighttime SBP SDS was significantly associated with parallel changes in HOMA-IR (r=0.67, p<0.001; r=0.37, p=0.03). At visit 1, 14 children (40%) were non-dipper (nighttime BP fall<10%) and this percentage increased at visit 2 (53%), although the non-dipping status was not associated with HOMA-IR or BMI SDS at either visit. Conclusions: In this longitudinal study decreased insulin sensitivity was significantly related to ABP already during prepuberty, and the pubertal decline in insulin sensitivity was associated with a significant increase in SBP. ER  - 
Lower YKL-40 levels in children conceived after ICSI in comparison to age matched naturally conceived controls: An early indicator of a favorable metabolic profile?; Background: We previously reported that children conceived with conventional in vitro fertilization (IVF) have increased arterial blood pressure and circulating triglycerides, both early components of the metabolic syndrome (MS). Objective and hypotheses: No discrete studies have been done in children conceived with intracytoplasmic sperm injection (ICSI). YKL-40 is mainly produced by macrophages and neutrophils. Recently, it was proposed that YKL-40 might be implicated in the low-grade inflammation of atherosclerosis, while it was found elevated in patients with insulin resistance, as well as patients with diabetes type 1 and 2. Methods: We investigated the presence of metabolic syndrome parameters, including circulating YKL-40 levels, in children conceived by ICSI and naturally conceived (NC) children. Eighty-four pre-pubertal children were included in the study: 42 born after ICSI and 42 NC children, matched for age and sex. Along with anthropometric (height, weight, BMI-z score, blood pressure, WHR, etc) and biochemical parameters (glucose, lipids, hormones, HOMA, hs-CRP, hsIL-6, etc), we determined serum levels of YKL-40 with a specific immuno-enzymatic technique. Results: The main findings are: a) No significant differences in anthropometric and biochemical parameters between the two groups of children studied, while ICSI children had significantly lower SBP and hs-CRP values than NC ones (p<0.03 and p<0.02, respectively), b) YKL-40 levels were significantly lower in ICSI than NC children (15.0b8.8 vs. 27.5b15.4 ng/mL, p<0.001, c) YKL-40 correlated positively with BMI-z score in NC (p<0.01), while in ICSI children it correlated positively with SBP (p<0.03). Conclusions: These findings indicate that children conceived with ICSI, in contrast to those conceived with conventional IVF, have a favorable metabolic profile. Whether this discrepancy is due to the different assisted reproduction method employed and/or because these children were studied at a younger, pre-pubertal age, is not yet known. Prospective follow-up studies will be informative. ER  - 
Metabolic syndrome in Egyptian adolescents; Background: Despite that obesity and overweight are becoming a problem among Egyptian youth, limited studies addressed the problem of metabolic syndrome in egyptian children and adolescents. Objective: To detect the prevalence of metabolic syndrome in a group of obese, overweight and lean Egyptian adolescents and to explore the relationship between adiposity and individual metabolic risk factors. To to assess which of the fat compartments is related to metabolic complications. Study design: This is a prospective study which included 600 adolescents (ages 10 to 16 years) divided into 400 obese (BMI> 95 percentile), 100 overweight (BMI> 85 and <95 percentile) and 100 lean (BMI< 85 percentile) adolescents. Methods: Baseline measures included: height, weight, BMI, waist circumference (WC), blood pressure, pubertal staging according to Tanner, lipid profile (TG, HDL). Insulin resistance (IR) was determined using a HOMA model. For 65 of obese patients, TFM was measured by (DEXA) and abdominal VFM and SCFM were measured by MRI. Results: The prevalence of MS in Egyptian adolescents in this study is (18%) in obese, 4-6 % in overweight versus 2% in lean adolescents. Among obese patients all fat compartments were strongly associated with a parental history of obesity. Boys have more VFM than girls after adjustment for age, family history of obesity and TFM. For the same degree of obesity, adolescents with more VFM were more at risk of developing MS. WC is the best predictor of VFM. Factor analysis showed that obesity and impaired glucose metabolism, dyslipidemia, and increased blood pressure explained 69 % of the total variance in the data. Linear logistic regression analysis using HOMA IR as the dependent variable showed that acanthosis nigricans and WC are the only independent predictive factors of insulin resistance. Conclusions: A close relation is noticed between parameters of adiposity and blood pressure, lipid profile and glucose metabolism. Worsening obesity has significant deleterious effects on each component of MS. ER  - 
Metabolic syndrome in obese hispanic and caucasian pediatric population: the influence of ethnicity; Background: Spain has experienced marked increases in the prevalence of childhood obesity in the last decade. Hispanic immigrant population seems to be a group with special risk for obesity. Objective and hypotheses: Analyze the influence of ethnicity in the prevalence of metabolic syndrome (MS) in obese Caucasian and Hispanic pediatric populations. Methods: Retrospective study of 616 obese children and adolescents ([BMI>2SD (Hernández-2004)], 142 Hispanics and 474 Caucasians. Mean age: 11.03±2.8. MS was defined by modified Cook criteria-2003: obesity and 2 or more of the following features: HDL-cholesterol <40 mg/dl, triglycerides (TG) >110 mg/dl, systolic or diastolic blood pressure >p90 (Task Force 2004) or impaired glucose metabolism (ADA). We also assessed: hepatic function (ALT, GGT and liver ultrasounds), family history of MS, HbA1c and insulin resistance (IR) (HOMA-IR[>3 mU/ml in pubertal and >2.4 in prepubertal subgroups], basal insulin >15 mU/ml and 10.5, respectively, or insulin during oral glucose torerance test >150 mg/ml or >75 2h). Statistical analysis: SPSS-12.0 (multivariate analysis, logistic regression). Results: The two populations were comparable regarding mean age, pubertal status and BMI-SD. MS was present in 30% of Hispanics vs 15% in Caucasians [OR=2.4 (IC95%:1.5-3.8) p<0.005, and OR=2.5 adjusting for sex, BMISD and pubertal stage] at puberty: 41% vs 20% (p<0.005) and prepubertallly: 22% vs 11% (p<0.05). Hispanics also had more IR (57% vs 43% p<0.005). (Table Presented) Conclusions: MS in obese Hispanic children and adolescents doubles the prealence in their Caucasian counterparts, representing higher risk for metabolic and cardiovascular disease. ER  - 
Assessment of puberty and pituitary-gonadal axis in boys and young men with Nijmegen breakage syndrome, a cancer-prone disease with the DNA repair defect. Evidence from a longitudinal study; Background: Nijmegen breakage syndrome (NBS) is a severe chromosomal instability disorder, caused by hypomorphic mutations in the NBN gene, which product is critical for processing DNA double strand breaks during mitotic and meiotic recombination. It is characterized by microcephaly, growth retardation, immune deficiency and predisposition for malignancy. Objective and hypotheses: Due to variable information on reproductive function, depending on the Nbs1 murine model, we investigated the course of puberty with respect to humans with NBS. Previously we published data on hypergonadotropic hypogonadism in NBS females, however little is still known on male gonadal function, which will be presented in this study. Methods: The study comprised 18 NBS males (ages 1.2-25.9 yrs), homozygous for c.657-661del5 mutation, followed between years 1993 and 2008, assessed for growth and sexual development. Concentrations of gonadotropins and testosterone were evaluated using IRMA and RIA assays respectively. Patients after chemotherapy were excluded. Results: Puberty commenced spontaneously and progressed similarly to healthy peers, however with incomplete growth spurt. Testosterone levels were within reference ranges in all age groups, whereas gonadotropins were normal in the prepubertal period. Later concentrations of FSH and LH showed an increasing trend, with adult values doubling reference norms. They amounted for mean FSH/LH concentrations as follows: 2.37±2.0/1.33±1.1 (10-13 yrs; Tanner I/II), 3.55±1.64/2.83±0.84 (11-15 yrs; Tanner II/III), 4.02±1.72/2.97±1.44 (13-18 yrs; Tanner III/IV), and 4.53±1.96/4.79±1.76 IU/l (≥ 19 yrs; Tanner IV/V). Conclusions: Despite normal pubertal development in NBS boys, increasing gonadotropin levels in older patients may be indicative of commencing gonadal dysfunction, which in the light of extending survival in patients with chromosomal instability disorders, demands further supervision. ER  - 
Endocrine dysfunction after traumatic brain injury in children and adolescents (a single centre prospective study); Background: The neuroendocrine dysfunction after traumatic brain injury (TBI) is described in 23-60% of adults and 15-21% of children in retrospective studies. Objective: To find out the prevalence of the endocrine dysfunction in children after a TBI and its dependence on the course of acute post-traumatic phase. Methods: We evaluated somatic development in 58 patients (29 boys) after TBI. They underwent standard endocrine tests: TSH, fT4, IGF1, PRL, morning cortisol, FSH, LH, testosteron (in boys), estradiol (in girls) in early post traumatic period (2-14 days, T0) and in 3, 6 a 12 months after the injury (T3, T6 a T12). Dynamics tests were performed in patients with abnormalities in clinical examination and/or laboratory results. MRI was made in T12. Results: The median of age in time of an injury was 11.3 (0.5-18.7) years. Twenty three patients had GCS < 8/15. In T0 diabetes inspidus (DI) was occured in 12 patients and a SIADH in 4 patients, hormonal changes simulated a central hypothyroidism in 45% of patients and a hypogonadotropic hypogonadism (HH) in 25% of adolescents. Combined pituitary hormones deficiency was found in 2 boys and DI in one patient in T3. A precocious puberty and a GHD were found in two boys in T6. In T12 a new endocrine dysfunction was diagnosed in five patients (2 had a GHD, 2 had a HH and in one patient with a GHD a central hypothyroidism was confirmed). An empty sella has been found on MRI in two patients. Patients with GCS<8 had hormonal dysfunction more often (6/23) compared to those with a medium trauma (3/35) and also they had more often DI or SIADH in T0. The occurrence of early endocrine dysfunction significantly correlated with severity of injury (p<0.05), but did not serve as an indicator of development of late hormonal dysfunction (p=0.5). Conclusions: Within a year from an injury hormonal disorder has occured in 15.5% of patients. Risk factors include severity of TBI, abnormalities in the brain-imaging techniques and DI or SIADH in acute posttraumatic phase. ER  - 
The relationship between pubertal development and iron chelation regimen in young patients with beta thalassemia major; Background: Beta thalassemia (TM) major is a haematological disorder frequently associated with pubertal development abnormalities, mainly due to iron overload. Although the introduction of the intensive chelation regimens in the last decades in the management of beta TM patients dramatically improved the complications associated with iron overload, recent studies continue to report a high prevalence of puberty disorders. Objective and hypotheses: We aimed to study the relationship between pubertal abnormalities and iron chelation regimen in young betathalassemic patients. Methods: We performed a cross-sectional study on 65 patients with transfusion- dependent beta-thalassemia major (33 female/32 male, mean age 16,38±3,9 yrs) treated with nightly subcutaneous deferoxamine. Data regarding haematological disease were available from medical records. Results: We found that 44,6% (29/65) of the patients had delayed and 18,5% (12/65) arrested puberty. When compared with patients with normal pubertal development those with pubertal abnormalities were significantly older at start of iron chelation (12,3±1,4 yrs vs 4,66±2,2 yrs, p<0,005), were less compliant with deferoxamine treatment (17% vs 64%, p<0,0001) and had begun less frequently early chelation (<10 yrs) ( 9,75% vs 87,5%, p<0,01). Moreover patient with pubertal delay had higher mean ferritin levels (3375±1937 vs 2341±1314, p<0,05) and higher prepubertal ferritin levels comparing with patients with normal pubertal progression, without any significant differences in pubertal ferritin values between groups. No association was found between puberty abnormalities and mean haemoglobin, age at diagnosis of beta TM or age at start of transfusions. Conclusions: Our results suggest that early chelation and good compliance with chelator treatment have a positive impact on pubertal development, probably mediated by reduced iron load, especially in prepubertal period. ER  - 
Craniopharyngioma: Auxoendocrinological changes at diagnosis and endocrine complications after treatment - A retrospective study; Introduction: The craniopharyngioma is a cystic tumor, calcified, squamousepithelial origin in the slow growth. Internationally, the incidence is 0.5- 2/100.0. Mortality/morbidity: survival varies by age group, with a excellent prognosis in patients aged less than 20 years (99% at 5 years). Clinical: The most common presenting symptoms are headache (55 - 86%), endocrine dysfunction (66-90%) and visual disturbances (37 - 68%). Endocrine abnormalities are found in 80 to 90% of craniopharyngiomas. In fact, in 39% of patients shows impairment of 3-axis pituitary in 28% of 2 or more axes in 11% of 1 or more and 22% no axis compromise. [5]. The most frequent response is that of a GH deficiency present in more than 75% of cases, followed by a gonodotropine deficiency in 40% of cases and a ACTH and TSH deficiency in 25%. Despite craniopharyngiomas are usually of significant size already at diagnosis, the pituitary stalk is rarely interrupted, for which only 20% of patients presents hyperprolactinemia resulting from the compression pedicle. Our experience: In 25 children (16 males and 9 females) whose age at diagnosis was between 0.35 and 13.30 years with an average of 6.56 years (SD 3.04). Location of craniopharyngioma. Suprasellar 8 Sellar suprasellar 8 Saddle + 3rd ventricle 1 Suprasellar diencefalic 1 Suprasellar + 3rd ventricle 1 Chiasmatic 2 3rd ventricle 1 Retrochiasmatic 1 Retrosellar 1 Suprasellar retrochiasmatic 1 Total 25 Auxo-endocrine abnormalities at diagnosis. Growth retardation 4 / 25 (16%) Precocious puberty, 1 / 25 (4%) Delayed puberty 1 / 25 (4%) PU / PD 1 / 25 (4%) Overweight / obesity 5 / 25 (20%) Gigantism 1 / 25 (4%) Endocrine abnormalities detected after treatment. Diabetes insipidus 20 (80%) Precocious puberty 2 (8%) Hypoadrenalism 18 (72%) Conclusion: - High incidence of short stature and / or = 2 - High incidence of obesity hyperphagia - marked hyperphagia (binge eating) with difficulty in controlling appetite. - Increased behavioral and psycho-social. ER  - 
Ovarian function in cystic fibrosis patients Dunia Sanchez-Garvin; Raquel Corripio-Collado; Background: A lower reproductive capacity in women with cystic fibrosis (CF) has been associated with delayed puberty and amenorrhea. Objective and hypotheses: To evaluate ovarian function in women with CF, regarding their clinical and nutritional status. Methods: Cross-sectional study in women (3 years post-menarche) with CF controlled in our hospital. Data of menarche and menstrual cycles were collected by telephone survey. Anthropometric and spirometric data were obtained by medical history review. Blood samples were taken 3-5 days postmenstruation and after 21 days. The biochemical and hormonal parameters measured were glucose, insulin, HOMA, HbA1c, follicular estradiol (E), FSH, LH, luteal progesterone (P), total testosterone (T), androstenedione (A4), DHEA-S, SHBG and free androgen index (FAI). Results are expressed by mean values and ranges. Results: We studied 8 patients aged 22.1 years (15-33). Their BMI was 20.5 (18.3-23,6) and their body fat percentage was 26.4% (20.4%-33%). Mean age at menarche was 13.2 years (11-15). They had menstrual cycles every 28.3 days (21-35), lasting 5.1 days (1-7). Oligo /amenorrhea was found in 2 cases (number 5 and 6). We detected ans impaired lung function (FEV1 <80%) in 3 cases (number 3, 5 and 6). One case presented CF-related diabetes (number 6) and impaired fasting glucose in 3 cases (number 4,6 and 7) with HOMA normal ranges. (Table presented) Conclusions: None had delayed puberty. We detected normal ovarian function in 5 cases. There was no relationship between ovarian function and nutritional status. Anovulation was observed in 3 cases, 2 of them with impaired lung function, and one with hyperandrogenism (number 6), probably associated with polycystic ovary syndrome. ER  - 
Prevalence of metabolic syndrome (IDF 2007 criteria) in obese children and adolescents; Background: Metabolic syndrome (MS) frequency is increased in proportion to the increasing prevalence of obesity in children and adolescents. Objective and hypotheses: This retrospective study was performed to de termine the prevalence of MS and its risk factors in obese children and adolescents. Methods: A total of 198 (101 males, 97 females) obese children from 10 to 16 years old were involved in the study. International Diabetes Federation (IDF 2007) criteria were used to diagnose the MS classification. Each patient underwent auxological evaluation, blood pressure (BP), blood samples and oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). Homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) has been calculated. Patients were divided into two groups according to the presence of MS. Results: The overall prevalence of MS in our study was 38% with no intersex difference. Mean age was 12,7±1,62 years. Eighty nine percent (n=176) of the patients were pubertal and MS was more often in this group. The prevalence of high systolic BP was 30%, high diastolic BP 25%, hypertriglyceridemia 20%, low HDL-C 48,5%. Impaired glucose metabolism was identified in 17,6% of patients; 21 of them having impaired fasting glucose (IFG) and 14 of them having impaired glucose tolerance (IGT). There was no silent type 2 diabetes. Hepatic steatosis prevalence was 44%. All of the anthropometric measurements and BP levels were found higher in the MS group than those in the non MS group as expected. When we analyzed the cardiovascular risk factors; fasting blood glucose levels, insulin resistance, levels of total cholesterol, prevalence of IGT, hyperinsulinemia were significantly higher but HDL level was significantly lower in MS group when compared to non-MS group. LDL-C levels were found to be similar between two groups. Conclusions: MS prevalence at diagnosis is high (38%) in obese children. When cardiovascular risk factors are considered, the increase in the MS frequency gets more important for the future of children. ER  - 
Epidemiologic risk factors for type I versus type II endometrial cancer in the Iowa women's health study (IWHS); Aim: Our aim was to evaluate whether established endometrial cancer (EC) risk factors differed by the two major subtypes (type I vs. type II). Methods: The IWHS is a prospective cohort study of >40,000 postmenopausal women. This analysis was restricted to 23,356 women with no history of cancer or hysterectomy. Risk factor data were self-reported on the 1986 baseline survey. EC incidence was determined through linkage to the Iowa Cancer Registry, and type I versus type II EC was based on ICD-Oncology codes. Results: Through 20 years of follow-up, we identified 471 type I and 71 type II ECs. After simultaneous adjustment for all EC risk factors for each subtype, greater BMI, earlier age at menarche, and never use of oral contraceptives (OCs) were associated with increased risk of both subtypes of EC. In contrast, any live births (RR=0.78;95%CI:0.60-1.02), use of hormone replacement therapy (HRT)>1 year (RR=2.45;95%CI:2.00-3.00), history of adult-onset diabetes (RR=1.97;95%CI:1.46-2.67), never smoking (RR=2.14;95%CI:1.52-3.02) and alcohol use (RR=0.68;95%CI:0.57-0.81) were all associated with type I but not type II EC; however, a heterogeneity test was only significant for the HRT finding (p=0.027). Age at menopause>50 was more strongly associated with type II (RR=1.85;95%CI:1.09-3.14) than type I (RR=1.33;95%CI:1.10-1.61) EC, although the heterogeneity test was not significant (p=0.25). Conclusions: Of the risk factors for type I EC, only BMI, age at menarche, age at menopause, and use of OCs appear to be associated with risk of type II EC, suggesting both shared and unique etiologies for these clinically distinct subtypes. ER  - 
Stability of the factorial structure of metabolic syndrome from childhood to adolescence: A 6-year follow-up study; Background: Metabolic syndrome (MS) is a clustering of cardiometabolic risk factors that is considered a predictor of cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes and mortality. There is no consistent evidence on whether the MS construct works in the same way in different populations and at different stages in life.Methods: We used confirmatory factor analysis to examine if a single-factor-model including waist circumference, triglycerides/HDL-c, insulin and mean arterial pressure underlies metabolic syndrome from the childhood to adolescence in a 6-years follow-up study in 174 Swedish and 460 Estonian children aged 9 years at baseline. Indeed, we analyze the tracking of a previously validated MS index over this 6-years period.Results: The estimates of goodness-of-fit for the single-factor-model underlying MS were acceptable both in children and adolescents. The construct stability of a new model including the differences from baseline to the end of the follow-up in the components of the proposed model displayed good fit indexes for the change, supporting the hypothesis of a single factor underlying MS component trends.Conclusions: A single-factor-model underlying MS is stable across the puberty in both Estonian and Swedish young people. The MS index tracks acceptably from childhood to adolescence. © 2011 Martínez-Vizcaino et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Pelvic ultrasound examination in girls with precocious puberty is a useful adjunct in gonadotrophin-releasing hormone analogue therapy monitoring; Objective As there are no standard criteria for monitoring suppression during treatment of central precocious puberty (CPP) with gonadotrophin- releasing hormone analogues (GnRHa), we assessed the use of pelvic ultrasound examination for this purpose. Design/patients/measurements In 31 girls with CPP, transabdominal pelvic ultrasound examination was performed before initiation of therapy with GnRHa, after approximately 3 and 6 months, at last treatment visit and after its discontinuation. Results Three months after treatment initiation, there was a significant decrease in most uterine and ovarian parameters, with at least three parameters decreased in each patient. Endometrial echo was found in 80% of girls before therapy, in 52% (13/25) after 3 months of therapy, in 24% (6/25) after 6 months and in none on the last treatment visit (P < 0·001). In the course of treatment (mean therapy duration 2·5 ± 0·9 years), uterine parameters showed no significant change; ovarian parameters initially showed a decrease and later a modest increase although they were still smaller than before therapy. Within 3-11 months after therapy discontinuation, endometrial echo was detected in 85%, with a significant increase in uterine and ovarian parameters. Conclusions This prospective study indicates that comparison of individual ultrasound measurements throughout the course of treatment in girls with CPP provides a valid assessment of the suppression of the hypothalamo-pituitary-gonadal axis achieved GnRH therapy. Uterine parameters and absence of endometrial echo were found to be better indicators of adequate suppression than ovarian parameters. © 2011 Blackwell Publishing Ltd. ER  - 
Bone density, body composition, and markers of bone remodeling in type 1 diabetic patients; Objective. To assess bone mineral density (BMD), body composition by dual X-ray absorptiometry (DXA), and various biochemical markers of bone growth and resorption in a group of children with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM). Patients and methods. The study included 47 patients with T1DM and 30 age-and sex-matched controls. Anthropometric measurements, biochemical markers for bone formation, bone resorption and DXA were done for all patients and controls. Results. Of our diabetes patients, seven (16.7 %), three (7.3 %), and 17 (41.5%) met diagnostic criteria for osteopenia at the right femur, lumbar spine and total body, respectively. On the other hand, osteoporosis as defined by the WHO criteria was diagnosed in 21 patients (51.2%) at the total body by DXA. Lean body mass and lean fat ratio were lower, while, total fat mass, abdominal fat%, soft tissue fat mass%, and fat/lean ratio were higher in diabetics compared to controls. Also, our patients showed lower serum osteocalcin, osteoprotegerin, procollagen type 1, and higher urinary deoxypyridinoline. Pubertal (diabetics and controls) have higher BMD and BMC than prepubertal. Conclusion. Diabetic patients had a low BMD after adjustment (Z score), low bone formation and high bone resorption markers. Diabetes control and increase in BMI leads to a decrease in the incidence of low bone mineral density. Diabetes causes an increase in body fat especially abdominal fat which leads to an increase in insulin resistance and decrease in lean mass. © 2011 Informa Healthcare. ER  - 
Concerted actions of insulin-like growth factor 1, testosterone, and estradiol on peripubertal bone growth: A 7-year longitudinal study; A better understanding of how bone growth is regulated during peripuberty is important for optimizing the attainment of peak bone mass and for the prevention of osteoporosis in later life. In this report we used hierarchical models to evaluate the associations of insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1), estradiol (E2), and testosterone (T) with peripubertal bone growth in a 7-year longitudinal study. Two-hundred and fifty-eight healthy girls were assessed at baseline (mean age 11.2 years) and at 1, 2, 3.5, and 7 years. Serum concentrations of IGF-1, E2, and T were determined. Musculoskeletal properties in the left lower leg were measured using peripheral quantitative computed tomography (pQCT). Serum levels of IGF-1, E2, and T increased dramatically before menarche, whereas they decreased, plateaued, or increased at a lower rate, respectively, after menarche. IGF-1 level was positively associated with periosteal circumference (PC) and total bone mineral content (tBMC) throughout peripuberty but not after adjustment for muscle cross-sectional area (mCSA). On the other hand, IGF-1 was associated with tibial length (TL) independently of mCSA before menarche. T was positively associated with TL, PC, tBMC, and cortical volumetric bone mineral density, independent of mCSA, before menarche but not after. E2 was associated with TL positively before menarche but negatively after menarche. These findings suggest that during puberty, circulating IGF-1 promotes bone periosteal apposition and mass accrual indirectly, probably through stimulating muscle growth, whereas the effects of sex steroids on bone growth differ before and after menarche, presenting a biphasic pattern. Hence the concerted actions of these hormones are essential for optimal bone development in peripuberty. © 2011 American Society for Bone and Mineral Research. ER  - 
Dietary and supplemental intake of one-carbon nutrients and the risk of type I and type II endometrial cancer: A prospective cohort study; Background: Type I and II endometrial cancer are biologically and clinically distinct, with type II cancers having a high frequency of p53 mutations and an association with chromosomal instability. This raises the hypothesis that onecarbon nutrients (folate, methionine, and the enzymic cofactors vitamins B2, B6, and B12), which mediate chromosomal stability and DNA methylation, may be protective for type II but not type I endometrial cancer. Methods: Using a prospective cohort of 23 356 postmenopausal women followed 20 years, we estimated the relative risks (RRs) of type I (N = 471) and II (N = 71) endometrial cancers according to intake of one-carbon nutrients, adjusting for confounders. Results: No associations were observed between dietary or supplemental intake of any one-carbon nutrient and risk of type I cancer. For type II cancer, positive associations were due to supplemental, rather than dietary, intake of these nutrients: supplemental folate (RR = 1.80 for >228.6 versus 0 lg/day; P trend = 0.027) and vitamins B2 (RR = 1.94 for >1.70 versus 0 mg/day; P trend = 0.011), B6 (RR = 2.08 for >2.00 versus 0 mg/day; P trend = 0.012), and B12 (RR = 2.10 for >3.43 versus 0 lg/day; P trend = 0.0060). Conclusion: Contrary to our hypothesis, use of supplements containing folate and vitamins B2, B6, and B12 was associated with an increased risk of type II endometrial cancer. © The Author 2011. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the European Society for Medical Oncology. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Physical activity attenuates the effect of low birth weight on insulin resistance in adolescents: Findings from two observational studies; OBJECTIVE - To examine whether physical activity influences the association between birth weight and insulin resistance in adolescents. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - The study comprised adolescents who participated in two cross-sectional studies: the Healthy Lifestyle in Europe by Nutrition in Adolescence (HELENA) study (n = 520, mean age = 14.6 years) and the Swedish part of the European Youth Heart Study (EYHS) (n = 269, mean age = 15.6 years). Participants had valid data on birth weight (parental recall), BMI, sexual maturation, maternal education, breastfeeding, physical activity (accelerometry, counts/minute), fasting glucose, and insulin. Insulin resistance was assessed by homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). Maternal education level and breastfeeding duration were reported by the mothers. RESULTS - There was a significant interaction of physical activity in the association between birth weight and HOMA-IR (logarithmically transformed) in both the HELENA study and the EYHS (P = 0.05 and P = 0.03, respectively), after adjusting for sex, age, sexual maturation, BMI, maternal education level, and breastfeeding duration. Stratified analyses by physical activity levels (below/above median) showed a borderline inverse association between birth weight and HOMA-IR in the low-active group (standardized β = -0.094, P = 0.09, and standardized β = -0.156, P = 0.06, for HELENA and EYHS, respectively), whereas no evidence of association was found in the high-active group (standardized β = -0.031, P = 0.62, and standardized β = 0.053, P = 0.55, for HELENA and EYHS, respectively). CONCLUSIONS - Higher levels of physical activity may attenuate the adverse effects of low birth weight on insulin sensitivity in adolescents. More observational data, from larger and more powerful studies, are required to test these findings. © 2011 by the American Diabetes Association. ER  - 
Lack of association between apelin, insulin resistance, cardiovascular risk factors, and obesity in children: A longitudinal analysis; Apelin has been proposed as a novel beneficial adipokine that is related to insulin resistance, cardiovascular risk factors, and obesity. However, findings in humans are controversial; and longitudinal analyses in childhood are still missing. We compared apelin levels between 80 obese and 40 lean children of the same age, sex, and pubertal stage. In addition, we analyzed the relationships between apelin levels and weight status (as standard deviation of body mass index [SDS-BMI]), body fat, insulin resistance (homeostasis model assessment [HOMA]), leptin, and cardiovascular risk factors associated with obesity (waist circumference, blood pressure, lipids, and adiponectin) in 80 obese children before and after participating in a 1-year lifestyle intervention. Apelin levels did not differ significantly (P =.061) between obese (1.50 ± 0.47 ng/mL, mean ± SD) and lean children (1.67 ± 0.49 ng/mL). Apelin concentrations were not significantly related to age, pubertal stage, SDS-BMI, body fat, leptin, or any cardiovascular risk factor. In longitudinal analyses, no significant correlations were found between changes of apelin and changes of SDS-BMI, body fat, leptin, HOMA, or any cardiovascular risk factor. Adiponectin, HOMA, blood pressure, waist circumference, and triglycerides improved significantly in 39 obese children with SDS-BMI reduction, whereas leptin decreased significantly and apelin did not change significantly in these children. In 41 children with increase of SDS-BMI, no significant changes were observed in 1-year follow-up period. This is the first study demonstrating that weight loss in obese children was not associated with a change of apelin concentrations. Our data do not support a significant relationship in childhood between apelin on one hand and leptin, HOMA, cardiovascular risk factors, or weight status on the other. © 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Pelvic ultrasonography in the evaluation of central precocious puberty: Comparison with leuprolide stimulation test; Objective: To compare the ovarian and uterine structure demonstrated sonographically with baseline and leuprolide-stimulated luteinizing hormone (LH) and estradiol values in females with suspected precocious puberty. Study design: Retrospective chart review. Fifty females (age 3.1 to 9.5 years) underwent stimulation testing with leuprolide (20 μg/kg) and pelvic ultrasonography. Subjects were grouped as (1) prepubertal (baseline and stimulated LH and estradiol in prepubertal range); (2) early pubertal (baseline LH and estradiol in prepubertal range but stimulated LH or estradiol in pubertal range); and (3) pubertal (baseline and stimulated LH or estradiol in pubertal range). Sonographic data were compared with baseline and leuprolide-stimulated LH and estradiol. Results: Baseline and stimulated LH and stimulated estradiol significantly correlated with ovarian and uterine volumes. Ovarian and uterine volumes were significantly higher in females in the pubertal group than in females in the prepubertal group. No significant differences were noted in the ovarian or uterine dimensions between the prepubertal and early pubertal groups. There was significant overlap in ovarian and uterine volumes among females in all three groups. Conclusion: Contrary to leuprolide stimulation, pelvic ultrasonography alone cannot distinguish between prepubertal females and those in the early stages of puberty. © 2011 Mosby Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Toward an early marker of metabolic dysfunction: Omentin-1 in prepubertal children; Omentin-1 is a recently recognized adipokine primarily originating in visceral adipose tissue. We posited that circulating omentin-1 could be an early marker of metabolic dysfunction. To this end, we examined the associations between circulating omentin-1, body fat (bioelectric impedance), an endocrine-metabolic profile (homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMAIR), serum lipids, high-molecular-weight (HMW) adiponectin and blood pressure (BP)) and family history of obesity and diabetes in asymptomatic prepubertal children (n = 161; 77 boys and 84 girls; age 7 1 year) with a normal distribution of height and weight. Increased circulating omentin-1 was associated with a poorer metabolic profile, with relatively higher HOMA IR, fasting triacylglycerol, BP and familial prevalence of diabetes (all P<0.005 to P<0.0001), and relatively lower fraction of HMW adiponectin (P<0.005), whereas no relationship was found with body weight or fat or with family history of obesity. All these associations were independent of age, gender and fat mass. In conclusion, circulating omentin-1 may become a marker of metabolic dysfunction integrating insulin sensitivity, markers of adipose-tissue metabolism and BP as early as in prepubertal childhood. © 2011 The Obesity Society. ER  - 
Age at menarche, menstrual cycle characteristics and risk of gestational diabetes; Aims: We examined associations of age at menarche and menstrual cycle characteristics with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) risk. Methods: Study participants (N= 3490) recruited prior to 16 weeks of gestation were followed until delivery. Menstrual history data were collected using questionnaires. GDM was diagnosed using the American Diabetes Association 2003 guidelines. Logistic regression was used to estimate odds-ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI). Results: Age at menarche was not associated with GDM risk. Women who had long menstrual cycles (>36 days) had higher risk of GDM compared with women who had normal cycle length (25-30 days) (OR = 1.6; 95%CI0.98-2.67). Women who had long menstrual cycles and were either overweight or gained >5. kg in adulthood had 4-5-fold higher GDM risk compared with women who had normal cycle length and were non-obese or gained <5. kg in adulthood, respectively (OR = 4.03; 95%CI:2.08-7.81 and OR = 4.62, 95%CI:2.65-8.07, respectively). Conclusion: Longer menstrual cycles are significantly associated with increased risk of GDM, particularly among women who were either overweight or obese pre-pregnancy, or had ≥5. kg weight gain in adult hood. Menstrual history may help identify women with increased risk of GDM. © 2011 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. ER  - 
Effects of vitamin D3 on beta cell function and insulin resistance in children at increased risk of type 1 diabetes; Background and aims: Studies in subjects at risk for type 2 diabetes as well as animal studies suggest that vitamin D affects ß-cell function and insulin resistance. The relationship of Vitamin D levels especially of 1,25(OH)2 vitamin D3 (the active form of vitamin D) and ß-cell function in healthy children has never been studied. Vitamin D status and supplementation of Vitamin D during early childhood has been associated with type 1 diabetes (T1D) risk. A priori ß-cell function and insulin resistance may also play a role in the development of type 1 diabetes. The aim of our study was to determine whether vitamin D3 status is associated with ß-cell function and insulin resistance in children at increased risk for T1D. Materials and methods: 1,25(OH)2 vitamin D3 (vitamin D3) was measured in fasting serum samples taken from 156 children participating in the TEENDIAB Study, a prospective cohort study that follows children aged 8-12 years with a family history of T1D during puberty to the age of 18 years. Each child underwent an intravenous glucose tolerance test (median age 10.5 years). Fasting and stimulated insulin and C-peptide was determined at time points 1, 3, 5, 7, 10 min (after glucose load) using an automated immunoassay analyzer (AIA 360; Tosoh, San Francisco, CA). First phase insulin response (FPIR) was calculated as the sum of the serum insulin concentrations at 1 and 3 minutes after glucose load. C-peptide and insulin response during IVGTT were evaluated as area under the curve (AUC) by using the TAI's formula. Insulin resistance was estimated by homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). Results: Median observed vitamin D3 serum concentrations were 38 ng/l (IQR: 32-44 ng/l). Vitamin D3 serum concentrations were positively associated with fasting insulin (p=0.032), fasting C-peptide levels (p=0.007) and were correlated with HOMA-IR (p=0.042). Furthermore when serum vitamin D3 levels were categorized into tertiles (first tertile: 17-34 ng/l, second tertile: 35-42 ng/l, third tertile: 43-61 ng/l) those children with the highest vitamin D3 concentration (third tertile) had a significantly higher fasting Cpeptide level compared to the children in the second or first tertile (median C-peptide 1.5 ng/ml vs 1.4 ng/ml vs 1.1 ng/ml, p=0.006). These associations remained significant after adjusting for age and gender (p=0.022). Vitamin D3 serum levels were not associated with stimulated insulin secretion (FPIR (p=0.4), AUC insulin (p=0.4) and AUC C-peptide (p=0.2)). Conclusion: This is the first study showing an association of the active form of vitamin D3 with ß-cell function and insulin resistance in children aged 8-12 years at increased risk for T1D. ER  - 
Insulin resistance rises from mid-childhood, before the onset of puberty: Longitudinal data from the EarlyBird Study; Background and aims: Insulin resistance is key to the development and control of diabetes. It is known from cross-sectional studies that insulin resistance is higher in puberty, but longitudinal studies are needed to establish at what age the rise begins. Our aim was to document the behaviour of insulin resistance in healthy children aged 5-14y. Materials and methods: 246 healthy children (141 boys) from the EarlyBird cohort, monitored annually from 5 to 14 years (y) for insulin resistance (HOMA- IR), %-fat (DEXA), and self-assessed Tanner Stage (TS; mean genital/ breast and pubic hair development).Onset of puberty was defined as TS 2. Results: The figure shows trends in mean HOMA-IR from 5 to 14y. Insulin resistance began to rise at 7y in boys, 8y in girls. In a linear mixed effects model, insulin resistance rose in boys by 18% (95% CI 15%, 22%), girls 15% (12%, 18%; both p<0.001) over the 4 year period leading up to the onset of puberty, independent of changes in %-fat. Insulin resistance continued to rise during puberty in both genders (in girls until TS 4, boys until TS 3, both p<0.001). Conclusion: The 'pubertal' increase in insulin resistance begins well before pubertal onset, independently of increasing adiposity. The cause of this midchildhood rise is unclear, but may relate to adrenarche, which typically occurs at 6 to 8y. The period of increased risk for diabetes development, and for increased insulin requirement in those with established diabetes, extends from adolescence back to mid-childhood. (Graph presented). ER  - 
Insulin manipulation as an indicator of psychiatric co-morbidity in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus; Background and aims: Deterioration of metabolic control is a frequent occurrence in adolescent diabetics. Reasons cannot only be explained by physiological changes in puberty. Psychological factors contribute to this deterioration. Psychiatric co morbidity is known to be connected to worsening of metabolic control although the mechanisms are not completely clear. Noncompliance with diabetes therapy is regarded as an important factor. Insulin purging is widely known as a symptom in eating disorders in diabetes, while in contrast deliberate overdosing of insulin seems to be less frequent. In our study we aimed to assess the rate of insulin manipulation and a possible association with psychiatric co morbidity and metabolic control. Materials and methods: 241 type 1 diabetes patients (age range 10-22 years) with a diabetes duration of >1 year from 21 diabetes outpatient clinics in Austria were included in the cross sectional study. 103 (42.7%) of the patients were males. Medical data was derived from medical records. Patients were interviewed with standardized instruments, the Diabetes Self-Management Profile (DSMP) interview and the Kinder-DIPS. T-Test, U-Test and CHI2-test were used for comparison. Results: Based on the DSMP-Interview adherence to prescribed insulin dosage was assessed. 42.7% of the patients (n=103) were found to be compliant, 27.8% (n=67) had management problems (unintended over- or under-dosage of insulin) and 29.5% (ν=71) patients reported deliberate insulin manipulation in terms of under-dosing (24.1%) and over-dosing (22.8%) their insulin. With the Kinder-DIPS psychiatric co morbidity was screened in all patients. Patients with management problems and compliant patients did not show any elevation in prevalence of psychiatric co morbidity. In the manipulating subjects we found elevated levels of depression (5.6%vs 1.0%, p<.05), specific phobia (7.0%vs 1.0%,p<.05), social phobia (5,6%vs 0%,p<.05) and eating disorders (EDNOS 7.0%vs 0%, p<.05) and highly elevated subclinical specific phobia (11.3%vs 0%, p=.001). HbA1c levels were higher among the manipulating patients (8.65%vs 7.81%, p=.001), their BMI was elevated but not significantly (BMI-SDS .176vs -.191, p=.06). Manipulating patients had more often ketoacidosis with the need of hospitalization in the past year (34.2%vs 14.7%, p<.05). Manipulating subjects were significantly older (15.00 years) than compliant subjects (14.00 years, p=.004) and more girls (69%) than boys (31%) were found in the manipulating group (p=.001). Conclusion: Insulin manipulation can be surmised as a psychological parameter and as an indicator of psychiatric co morbidity in adolescents with diabetes. Older girls are more at risk and there is a significant impact on metabolic control. Further research is needed, especially a screening tool for insulin manipulation. ER  - 
Early metabolic and endocrine perturbations in pre- or peripubertal girls with a first degree relative with polycystic ovary syndrome; OBJECTIVE: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is defined by hyperan- drogenism (HA) and ovarian dysfunction, but is also characterised by insulin resistance (IR) and metabolic anomalies. The aim of this study was to verify whether metabolic and endocrine perturbations develop early in girls genetically linked to PCOS. DESIGN: Cross-sectional study. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We studied 9 girls aged 8-14 years having a relative (mother or sister) diagnosed with PCOS (PCOSr) and 10 girls of similar age with no PCOS relative. Anthropometry and pubertal stage (Tanner) were assessed. A 2h oral glucose tolerance test and a 3h frequently sampled intra-venous glucose tolerance test (FSivGTT) were performed to determine insulin sensitivity (IS). Androgens and non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA) were assayed. Insulin-induced NEFA suppression (NEFAsupp) was estimated by the negative slope of decreasing NEFA levels (on log scale) during the first 20 min of FSivGTT. Groups were compared with Wilcoxon tests and correlations were verified by Spearman tests. Adjustments were made by ANCOVA, using log-transformed variables when required. RESULTS: In comparison to controls, PCOSr had higher body mass index (BMI) (P<0.05) and decreased IS (P=0.003). Levels of the androgen 17OH- progesterone (17Pg) were increased in PCOSr (P=0.03), independently of adiposity (Ps≥0.05) or Tanner stage (≥2vs >2), but not of IS. Indeed, 17Pg was strongly correlated with IS (P=0.0003) even after correction for Tanner stage (P=0.0007). Finally, NEFAsupp was decreased in PCOSr(P=0.004) as compared to controls, independently of Tanner stage (P=0.02), adiposity (Ps≥0.01), 17Pg (P=0.05) or BMI & 17Pg (P=0.05). NEFAsupp was correlated with IS (P=0.02). CONCLUSION: Girls at high risk of developing PCOS presents elevated adiposity, IR and HA, but are mainly characterized by resistance to insulin-induced lipolysis, independently of adiposity. We thus report the first evidence that genetic predisposition to PCOS may be related to early adipocyte dysfunction. ER  - 
Adiposity, insulin indices, and adipokine profile through the pubertal transition in overweight Latina adolescents with and without polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS); OBJECTIVE: Childhood obesity is associated with later development of PCOS, however, not all obese girls develop PCOS, and the exact timing of androgen and metabolic abnormalities remains unclear. This study assesses if baseline and changes in adiposity, insulin indices, and adipokines significantly influence PCOS development in overweight and obese adolescents. DESIGN: Study of Overweight Latinos as Risk (SOLAR): multi-year prospective cohort analysis. MATERIALS AND METHODS: 79 overweight girls with a family history of type 2 diabtetes, were enrolled between 8 and 13 years, and followed annually through puberty. Annual measures included: tanner staging, adiposity (total, visceral, and subcutaneous fat), insulin indices (disposition index (DI), insulin sensitivity (SI), and acute insulin response), and adipokines (adipo- nectin and leptin). PCOS diagnosis included menstrual history and clinical/laboratory hyperandrogenism. Mixed-effects modeling evaluated if baseline and changes in adiposity, insulin action, and adipokines across puberty impacted PCOS development. RESULTS: 437 total observations, 6 visits per participant were included in analysis. 28% of participants developed PCOS by Tanner 5. Mixed modeling showed lower DI and SI in the PCOS group at baseline and across puberty (P=0.005 and 0.055). Total (P=0.046) and free testosterone (P=0.001) in the PCOS group was higher at baseline and across puberty. There were no significant differences in baseline or change in adiposity or adipokines between groups. CONCLUSION: Overweight Latina adolescents have an elevated rate of PCOS; declines in insulin action and elevated androgens were found throughout all pubertal stages, suggesting that both abnormalities are prepubertal in onset. Development of PCOS was not associated with differences in adiposity, fat distribution, or adipokine levels. Ideally, interventions targeting insulin action should occur prior to pubertal onset. ER  - 
The genetic determinants of thyroid function may be different between children and adults; Objective: Genome wide association and candidate gene studies have identified single nucleotide polymorpisms (SNPs) which effect thyroid hormone parameters. Common variation in rs4704397in PDE8B influences TSH levels by approximately 0.2 SD/allele. Common variation in rs2235544 in DIO1 adjusts the T3/T4 ratio through altering T4 levels by 0.14 SD/allele. These associations and others have all been identified in adult cohorts; however no studies have been performed to date in children. Design: We utilized the Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children birth cohort. The children in this cohort are now aged 19. Full thyroid function tests in 664 children were performed from stored frozen blood samples taken at age 7. We then studied the impact of variation in rs4704397 in PDE8B, and rs2235544 in DIO1, on thyroid hormone parameters. Results: We identified that variation in rs2235544 in DIO1 was associated with T4 levels in children. As in adults, individuals with the C allele appear to have increased DIO1 activity resulting in lower T 4 levels (p = 7.01 x 10-6,-0.24 SD/allele SE 0.054). However we found no evidence of association between variation in rs4704397 in PDE8B and TSH levels in children (p=0.49, -0.032 SD/allele SE 0.055) Conclusion: It appears the genetic determinants of thyroid function may be different between children and adults. Although we had 90% power to see an effect size of 0.1SD/allele with PDE8B on TSH levels we found no evidence of its association with TSH in children. In contrast, the effect of variation in DIO1 on T4 levels was if anything enhanced. New markers need to be identified to allow genetic association studies of the thyroid hormone pathway to be performed in childhood epidemiological cohorts. We are also currently repeating thyroid function in the same children at age 15 to assess the effect of puberty on these relationships between SNPs and thyroid hormone parameters. ER  - 
Osteocalcin-insulin relationship in obese children: A role for the skeleton in energy metabolism; Summary Objective Osteocalcin is a bone-specific protein secreted by osteoblasts and often used as a bone formation biomarker. Rodent studies have reported a hormonal role of osteocalcin on glucose metabolism, increasing insulin secretion and sensitivity and increasing energy expenditure. However, it is unknown whether osteocalcin fulfils the same function in humans. Methods We investigated the relationship between serum osteocalcin and insulin concentrations in 27 prepubertal obese children (9-12 years old) randomly divided into two groups, one of which entered a physical training programme, and 16 nonobese control children. Whole body bone mineral density (WB-BMD), serum osteocalcin, circulating insulin and adiponectin were measured at baseline and after 6 months. Results Trained and untrained obese children had higher WB-BMD than controls at baseline. Trained children also displayed a significant insulin increase and a significant adiponectin decrease while osteocalcin was increased compared to untrained obese children. Significant linear correlations between WB-BMD and adiponectin, delta BMD (variation between baseline and after-training values) and delta adiponectin, insulin and osteocalcin, delta insulin and delta osteocalcin, delta insulin and delta under-carboxylated osteocalcin were found only in trained obese children with no significant relationship in control and untrained obese children. Conclusions In trained obese children, correlations indicate that when BMD is increased, osteocalcin is increased and insulin lowered. This suggests that increased BMD is associated with increased energy metabolism and a decreased level of insulin. We thus report statistically significant relationships between the skeleton (osteocalcin) and energy metabolism (insulin), suggesting a regulatory hormonal loop including osteocalcin and insulin. © 2011 Blackwell Publishing Ltd. ER  - 
Longitudinal association between IGFBP-1 levels and parameters of the metabolic syndrome in obese children before and after weight loss; Background. Insulin-like growth factor binding protein 1 (IGFBP-1) is a marker of insulin resistance. We hypothesized that IGFBP-1 is associated with the metabolic syndrome (MetS), which is related to insulin resistance. Methods. We examined 51 obese Caucasian children (mean age 12.1 ± 2.3, 55% male, mean body mass index [BMI] 31.8 ± 4.8 kg/m2). Anthropometrical markers, pubertal stage, hepatic ultrasound, waist circumference, blood pressure, fasting serum IGFBP-1, IGFBP-3, IGF-I, adiponectin, leptin, transaminases, glucose, insulin, triglycerides, and HDL-cholesterol concentrations were determined at onset and the end of the one-year lifestyle intervention. Results. In contrast to IGF-I and IGFBP-3, IGFBP-1 correlated significantly to most parameters of the MetS in cross-sectional (waist circumference: r =-0.45, triglycerides: r =-0.29; insulin: r =-0.31; HOMA: r = 0.30) and longitudinal analyses (Δ triglycerides: r =-0.22; Δ Insulin: r =-0.25; Δ HOMA: r =-0.62). The association between changes of HOMA and changes of IGFBP-1 was stronger than the associations between changes of leptin or adiponectin, and changes of HOMA. The risk for the MetS was inversely related to IGFBP-1 levels (odds ratio:-0.05 per additional IGFBP-1 unit; 95% confidence interval:-0.08 up to-0.02; p = 0.019) in a multiple logistic regression analyses adjusted to BMI, pubertal stage, age, and gender. The nine obese children with the MetS had significantly lower IGFBP-1 levels (1.6 ± 1.3 ngm/l) than the 42 obese children without the MetS (4.0 ± 3.8 ng/ml). The eleven obese children with fatty liver assessed by ultrasound had significantly lower IGFBP-1 levels (1.5 ± 1.3 ngm/l) than the 40 obese children without fatty liver (4.2 ± 4.1 ng/ml). Conclusion. The strong relationships between IGFBP-1, insulin resistance, and the MetS suggest that IGFBP-1 might be a promising marker for these entities in obesity. This study is registered at clinicaltrials.gov (NCT00435734). © 2011 Informa Healthcare. ER  - 
Fitness and fatness are independently associated with markers of insulin resistance in European adolescents; The HELENA Study; Objective. To examine the independent association of total and central body fat and cardiorespiratory fitness with markers of insulin resistance after controlling for several potential confounders in European adolescents participating in the HELENA-CSS (Healthy Lifestyle in Europe by Nutrition in Adolescence Cross-Sectional) study. Methods. We conducted a cross sectional study (the HELENA-CSS) which comprised 1053 (12.517.5 years) adolescents from 10 European cities. Weight, height, waist circumference and skinfold thickness were measured, and body mass index (BMI) was calculated. Cardiorespiratory fitness was measured by the 20-m shuttle run test. Markers of insulin resistance were fasting insulin and glucose, and homeostasis model assessment (HOMA). Results. HOMA and insulin were positively associated with BMI, skinfolds and waist circumference after controlling for center, age, pubertal status and cardiorespiratory fitness (all P ≤ 0.01). HOMA and insulin were negatively associated with cardiorespiratory fitness in adolescents with moderate to high levels of total and central body fat (all P ≤ 0.01). Conclusions. HOMA and insulin were associated with total and central body fat in European adolescents. Moreover, cardiorespiratory fitness explained a part of the HOMA and insulin variance in those adolescents with moderate to high levels of total and central body fat, and also, to some extent, in those with low to middle fat mass. © 2011 Informa Healthcare. ER  - 
Differences in metabolic risk factors between normal weight and overweight children; Background. The effect of overweight on metabolic risk factors and the role of physical activity (PA) in pre-pubertal children is unclear. Objective. To study differences in metabolic risk factors between groups of normal weight and overweight children and how these risk factors are associated with objectively measured PA and cardio-respiratory fitness (CRF). Design. A cross-sectional study was conducted with 68 children aged 811 years. Children were categorized into normal weight (n = 39) and overweight/obese (n = 24/5). PA and CRF were measured objectively. An oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) was performed and triglycerides (TG) and HDL-cholesterol (HDL-C) were measured. A metabolic risk score (MRS) was calculated from the standardized values of insulin, glucose, TG, inverted HDL-C and blood pressure. Results. There was a significant (P < 0.05) difference between normal weight and overweight children in clustered metabolic risk, insulin (AUC), fasting insulin and systolic blood pressure. PA and CRF did not differ significantly between groups. In linear regression analysis combining the two groups, PA was negatively associated with insulin (AUC) (β =-0.25, 95% CI =-0.50,-0.002) and CRF was negatively associated with fasting insulin (β =-0.41, 95% CI =-0.67,-0.15). Conclusions. Metabolic risk factors are elevated in overweight pre-pubertal children compared with normal weight controls. This is not explained by lower PA or CRF in the overweight group although PA and CRF were associated with lower insulin levels in pooled analyses. This highlights the importance of preventing overweight in children from an early age in order to prevent the metabolic syndrome and its associated diseases. © 2011 Informa Healthcare. ER  - 
Factors associated with increased risk of insulin pump discontinuation in pediatric patients with type 1 diabetes; Objective: To study the rate of and predictors for insulin pump discontinuation among pediatric patients with type 1 diabetes. Methods: Medical chart review of 530 patients with type 1 diabetes who had started pump therapy between 2000 and 2008 in our center revealed that 11.3% had discontinued pump use after 3 d to 5 yr; of these, 9.1% discontinued pump use at least 3 months after initiation. Relevant data were retrieved from the files of these patients and from those of 100 randomly assigned pump-treated patients. Results: The pump discontinuation group had a significantly higher proportion of female patients (75 vs. 46%, p = 0.001) and patients above 10 yr of age (93.8 vs. 80%, p = 0.03) than the reference group. Comparable findings were noted for age at diagnosis, pubertal stage, anthropometric data and duration of diabetes at pump initiation, rate of severe hypoglycemic and diabetic ketoacidosis episodes. There were no between-group differences in number of daily insulin injections and blood glucose measurements before pump treatment. At pump initiation, HbA1c was significantly higher in patients discontinuing pump therapy than in the controls (8.6 ± 1.4 vs. 8.1 ± 1.0, p = 0.02). This difference was maintained at the last follow-up visit recorded. Conclusions: Almost 90% of our cohort maintained pump therapy. Female gender, age older than 10 years in girls and poor metabolic control at pump initiation were associated with higher risk for pump discontinuation - for such patients intensified individual and family support may serve to maximize persistent pump therapy. © 2010 John Wiley & Sons A/S. ER  - 
Clinicopathological and radiological study of Egyptian β-thalassemia intermedia and β-thalassemia major patients: Relation to complications and response to therapy; The clinico epidemiological characteristics, frequency of complications, and response to various therapeutic modalities in 80 Egyptian β-thalassemia intermedia (β-TI) patients were compared with 70 β-thalassemia major (β-TM) patients. β-Thalassemia intermedia patients had a higher incidence of left atrium dilatation, right ventricular dilatation and pulmonary hypertension, whereas, β-TM patients showed a higher incidence of left ventricular (LV) dilatation, restrictive LV filling and impaired LV contractility, with an overall higher incidence of heart disease (p <0.001). Short stature, delayed puberty, osteoporosis, bone fractures, diabetes mellitus and viral hepatitis was frequently observed in β-TM patients compared with β-TI patients (p <0.05). Administration of hydroxyurea (HU) alone was associated with significant improvement in hematological parameters and quality of life for β-TI patients. In conclusion, the risk of complications still burdens the life of Egyptian thalassemia patients and their frequency varies between β-TI and β-TM. We provide evidence that calls for the use of HU in β-TI patients. © 2011 Informa Healthcare USA, Inc. ER  - 
Factors associated with hepatic steatosis in obese children and adolescents; Objectives: Obesity is associated with high prevalence of hepatic steatosis. We speculate that determinant factors of susceptibility to hepatic steatosis in obesity could differ between children and adolescents. Patients and Methods: Blood biochemical parameters, systemic oxidative stress markers, proinflammatory cytokines, and adipokine levels were determined in 157 obese children and adolescents. The subjects were divided into 2 groups: children and adolescents, identified as such in accordance with Tanner stage and the measured level of dehydroepiandrosterone sulphate. Steatosis was evaluated by ultrasonography in 127 subjects. Results: Steatosis prevalence was 44.8%. In the "children" group, those with hepatic steatosis presented higher levels of erythrocyte oxidised glutathione (GSSG) and resistin, lower levels of high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, and lower enzymatic activities of erythrocyte glutathione reductase (GRd) and glutathione oxidase (GPx). In the "adolescents" group, those with hepatic steatosis presented higher values for body mass index z score (BMIz), insulin, peptide C, homeostatic model assessment index (HOMA-IR), alanine aminotransferase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), triglycerides, GSSG, and leptin. These subjects also presented lower values for soluble leptin receptor, GRd, and GPx. In the "children" group, the only independent factor of steatosis was a decrease in GRd activity (odds ratio [OR] 0.165, 95% CI 0.03-0.84, P=0.030). Moreover, in the "adolescent" group, the independent factors were higher for GSSG (OR 6.8, 95% CI 1.6-28.7, P=0.010) and HOMA-IR (OR 1.9, 95% CI 1.17-3.1, P=0.009). Conclusions: Factors associated with hepatic steatosis differ between obese children and adolescents. Oxidative stress is seen to be the main process in children, whereas in adolescents oxidative stress and insulin resistance are significant factors for steatosis. Copyright © 2011 by European Society for Pediatric Gastroenterology, Hepatology, and Nutrition and North American Society for Pediatric Gastroenterology, Hepatology, and Nutrition. ER  - 
Short-term use of continuous glucose monitoring system adds to glycemic control in young type 1 diabetes mellitus patients in the long run: A clinical trial; Background/Aim. Balancing strict glycemic control with setting realistic goals for each individual child and family can optimize growth, ensure normal pubertal development and emotional maturation, and control long term complications in children with type 1 diabetes (T1DM). The aim of this study was to evaluate the efficacy of short-term continuous glucose monitoring system (CGMS) application in improvement of glycemic control in pediatric type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) patients. Methods. A total of 80 pediatric T1DM patients were randomly assigned into the experimental and the control group. The experimental group wore CGMS sensor for 72 hours at the beginning of the study. Self-monitored blood glucose (SMBG) levels and hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) levels were obtained for both groups at baseline, and at 3 and 6 months. Results. There was a significant improvement in HbA1c (p < 0.001), in both the experimental and the control group, without a significant difference between the groups. Nevertheless, after 6 months the improvement of mean glycemia was noticed only in the experimental group. This finding was accompanied with a decrease in the number of hyperglycemic events and no increase in the number of hypoglycemic events in the experimental group. Conclusions. The results suggest that the CGMS can be considered as a valuable tool in treating pediatric T1DM patients, however further research is needed to more accurately estimate to what extent, if any, it outperforms intensive self-monitoring of blood glucose. ER  - 
Plasma visfatin and adiponectin concentrations in physically active adolescent girls: Relationships with insulin sensitivity and body composition variables; The purpose of this study was to evaluate the associations of visfatin and adiponectin concentrations with insulin resistance and body composition in regularly physically active pubertal girls. In 129 girls, aged 13-15 years (pubertal stages 3-5), visfatin, adiponectin, insulin resistance measured by homeostasis model assessment (HOMA), and body composition measured by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry were evaluated. Visfatin concentration was related to HOMA and overall adiposity (body mass index, fat mass) markers, whereas adiponectin concentration was related to overall adiposity (fat mass), central adiposity (trunk fat) and fat free mass values. These relationships remained significant (p<0.05) after adjusting for pubertal stage. Visfatin was independently related to body mass index (β=0.936; p=0.0001) and HOMA (β=0.444; p=0.039) indices, whereas adiponectin was independently related to fat free mass (β=0.889; p=0.003) and trunk fat (β=-0.468; p=0.042) values. In conclusion, visfatin could be related to insulin resistance and overall adiposity indices, whereas adiponectin was related to different body composition values in regularly physically active pubertal girls. © 2011 by Walter de Gruyter Berlin Boston. ER  - 
Development and linear growth in diabetic children receiving insulin pigment; Objective: The aim of this study was to ascertain if there are differences in the development and linear growth between a group of diabetic children who had been receiving insulin pigment and healthy children. Methods: A total of 57 Chinese children with type 1 diabetes diagnosed at the age from 6 to 10 years old (26 boys and 31 girls) were included in the study. Their height and weight and development conditions were recorded until they reached their 18th birthday. Results: Diabetic children were taller than healthy children at the onset of diabetes, even though there was no significant difference between them [male height standard deviation score (SDS): 0.34±0.93, female height SDS: 0.38±0.50]. When they reached their final height, they were slightly shorter than the healthy group. However, there were still no significant differences between these two groups (male height SDS: -0.42±0.95, female height SDS: -0.60±0.98). The median age at onset of puberty, 12.62 years in boys and 11.13 years in girls, was significantly delayed in diabetic boys compared to 10.55 years in healthy boys and 9.2 years in healthy girls. The median age at menarche in diabetic girls (14.15 years) was also delayed compared with 12.27 years in healthy girls. The majority of these diabetic children were thinner than the healthy children when they were diagnosed [male body mass index (BMI): 14.45±1.35 kg/m2vs. 16.08±0.59 kg/m 2, t=-0.63, p<0.05; female BMI: 13.50±1.87 kg/m 2vs. 15.46±0.45 kg/m2, t=-6.67, p<0.05]; however, as they reached their final height, they became fatter, especially the girls (male BMI: 21.43±1.62 kg/m2vs. 20.8±0.00 kg/m2, t=1.97, p>0.05; female BMI: 23.95±2.37 kg/m 2vs. 20.3±0.00 kg/m2, t=8.60, p<0.05). Conclusion: Even with well-controlled glucose levels, the development of children with diabetes who had been receiving insulin pigment were still adversely affected. However, linear growth had only been slightly affected. All patients, especially girls, became fatter when they reached their final height. © 2011 by Walter de Gruyter Berlin Boston. ER  - 
Gender differences exist in the association of leptin and adiponectin levels with insulin resistance parameters in prepubertal Arab children; Aim: Differences in correlations between leptin, adiponectin and insulin resistance in children exist in different ethnic populations. No such information is available in Arab children. This study aims to fill this gap. Methods: Three hundred and twenty-five prepubertal children were recruited in this cross-sectional study. Body mass index (BMI), waist and hip circumferences and fasting glucose were measured by standard procedures. Serum insulin, leptin and adiponectin were assayed by ELISA. Results: Leptin and adiponectin levels were significantly correlated with anthropometric parameters, HOMA-IR and insulin in all subjects and with fasting glucose in girls only. Correlations of adiponectin with HOMA-IR and insulin in boys and of leptin with insulin in girls were independent of BMI, waist and hip circumferences. Conclusion: Gender differences exist in the distribution of adipocytokines in prepubertal children. The associations of adipocytokines with obesity biomarkers in prepubertal children suggest a causal link between childhood obesity and the risk of an early diabetes onset. © 2011 by Walter de Gruyter Berlin Boston. ER  - 
Ovarian function in adolescents with McCune-Albright syndrome; Objective: To evaluate ovarian function, especially ovulation rate, in adolescents with McCune-Albright syndrome (MAS) and a history of peripheral precocious puberty. Design: Prospective cross-sectional study. Setting: Academic center. Patient(s): A total of eight adolescents with MAS were compared with 15 healthy adolescents matched by age, Tanner stage and body mass index. Intervention(s): We determined basal gonadotropins, sex steroids, sex hormone binding globulin, anti-Müllerian hormone, glucose and insulin. A leuprolide acetate test was performed to measure luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) (at 0 and 3 h), and 17B-estradiol, testosterone and 17-OH-progesterone (at 0 and 24 h). Salivary progesterone levels were used to assess ovulation during the 13th, 18th, 23rd and 28th days of each menstrual cycle for three to five consecutive cycles, and one pelvic ultrasound was performed during the follicular phase. Main outcome measure(s): Ovulation rate in adolescents with MAS. Result(s): The proportion of ovulatory cycles was 52.6% in controls compared with 35.7% in patients with MAS. Conclusion(s): The adolescent girls with MAS appear to have a lower ovulatory rate compared with controls. © 2011 by Walter de Gruyter Berlin Boston. ER  - 
Factors associated with early atherosclerosis and arterial calcifications in young subjects with a benign phenotype of obesity; We assessed (i) the association between early arterial disease and factors linked to adiposity, dietary habits, and family in a young cohort of 151 obese children and adolescents with less than or equal to one cardiovascular (CV) risk factor, (ii) whether in subjects with carotid calcifications there was an imbalance of calcium-phosphorus homeostasis. Measurement included: carotid ultrasound, oral glucose tolerance test, anthropometry, body composition, dietary history, white blood cells count, lipids, uric acid, adiponectin, insulin, C-reactive protein, plasminogen activator inhibitor 1 (PAI-1), 25-hydroxyvitamin D, parathyroid hormone (PTH), calcium and phosphorus. Obese children with carotid artery intima media thickness (cIMT) values 75°percentile (0.55mm), compared to those with lower cIMT, were more obese, more often pubertal and had higher prevalence of family history of CV disease (CVD) (P≤0.05), higher plasma PAI-1 and uric acid (P≤0.001) and lower adiponectin (P≤0.05) and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol levels (P≤0.05). After adjustment for sex, age, puberty, obesity, and insulin levels, only PAI-I remained significantly different between the two groups (10.9 (7.2-29.8) vs. 6.2 (4.3-10.6) ng/ml, P≤0.001). Dietary intake did not affect cIMT values. Eight percent of subjects showed nonatherosclerotic carotid calcifications with patchy pattern. These children had a worse lipid profile (P≤0.05) and higher plasma PTH levels (48.6 21.5 vs 38.5 16.9pg/ml, P≤0.05) that were inversely associated with 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels (r = 0.245, P≤0.01). Present results suggest that (i) several adiposity-related factors may play a role in promoting the development of early arterial diseases in young subjects with a benign phenotype of obesity, (ii) a PTH rise resulting from a subclinical imbalance in calcium-phosphorus homeostasis may affect the biological process of vascular calcifications. © 2011 The Obesity Society. ER  - 
Reproductive history in women with abdominal aortic aneurysms; Background: The prevalence of abdominal aortic aneurysms (AAAs) differs considerably between the sexes, illustrated by the male/female ratio 4-6:1. Women are also reported to have a higher risk of rupture, and a poorer outcome compared with men. The primary aim of this study was to investigate if women with AAA have a different reproductive history compared with other women. The secondary aim was to study if women with a larger AAA differ in their reproductive history from women with a smaller AAA. Method: This case-control study was performed in October 2009 and included 140 consecutively monitored women with AAA and 140 with peripheral arterial disease (PAD) at the Department of Vascular Surgery at Karolinska University Hospital, Stockholm. AAA was defined as AAA diameter >3 cm, and women with AAA were subdivided into groups with AAA diameter <5 cm and diameter <5 cm. A validated questionnaire was used to obtain information about participants' reproductive history and general health. The response rate was 70% (n = 196). Results: Women with AAA were smokers to a greater extent than women with PAD (previous, 52% vs 46%; current, 46% vs 34%, P =.001). Diabetes mellitus was more prevalent in women with PAD (28%) than in women with AAA (15%, P =.034). Angina pectoris occurred more often in women with AAA (26%) than in women with PAD (11%, P =.026). No significant difference was found between PAD and AAA women regarding statin use, treatment for hypertension, prior myocardial infarction, and body mass index (BMI). The 54 women with AAA <5 cm and the 44 women with AAA <5 cm were similar in age (76 vs 76 years, P =.908) and BMI (25.7 vs 24.0 kg/m2, P =.66). No difference was noted in the occurrence of other risk factors between women with AAA <5 cm and women with AAA <5 cm. Mean age at menopause was lower in women with AAA <5 cm than in women with AAA <5 cm and in women with PAD (47.7 vs 49.9 vs 49.7 years, P =.011). Apart from menopausal age, the groups had a similar reproductive history, including hormone replacement therapy, parity, use of contraceptives, prior gynecological surgery, and breast cancer. Conclusion: These findings suggest that women with larger AAA reach menopausal age earlier, and this could influence an earlier onset of aneurysmatic disease or an increase in aneurysm growth. The true role of endogenous estrogen in aneurysm development and expansion is yet to be investigated. © 2011 Society for Vascular Surgery. ER  - 
IGF-I-IGFBP-3-acid-labile subunit (ALS) complex in children and adolescents with classical congenital adrenal hyperplasia due to 21-hydroxylase deficiency (CAH); It has been shown that changes in IGF-I and IGFBP levels in children with classical congenital adrenal hyperplasia due to 21-hydroxylase deficiency (CAH) are correlated with different states of metabolic control. Our approach was to analyze the serum levels of IGF-I, IGFBP-3, their molar ratio IGF-I:IGFBP-3 (MR), and ALS in a cohort of CAH children and adolescents, and their associations with different clinical and biochemical parameters. Design and patients: 56 patients, aged between 5.6 and 19.0. years were studied cross-sectionally. All patients had genetically proven CAH and received standard steroid substitution therapy. We measured serum levels of IGF-I, IGFBP-3, and ALS by commercial ELISA and calculated MR and assigned population-based SD scores (SDS). Results: (median, quartiles) Overall IGF-I was not significantly altered (0.05 SDS, -1.21, 0.92), whereas IGFBP-3 was significantly elevated (1.50 SDS; 0.58, 1.95, p<0.0001) compared to the reference population. Consecutively, MR was decreased (-0.64 SDS; -1.38, 0.32; p=0.0017). ALS was clearly decreased (-1.95 SDS; -3.075, -1.00; p<0.0001). ALS, IGF-I, MR, and IGFBP-3 SDS were lower in pubertal than in prepubertal patients (p<0.05). ALS SDS were lower in girls (p=0.0038). Correlation analyses (rs, p) revealed correlations between MR/ALS and chronological age (-0.583, <0.0001/-0.428, 0.0010), MR/ALS and Tanner stages (-0.500, <0.0001/-0.334, 0.0118), MR/ALS and bone age (0.407, 0.0075/0.426, 0.0049), and between MR and ALS (0.405, 0.0020), respectively. For MR and ALS, we found no significant correlations for BMI, HOMA-IR, hydrocortisone and fludrocortisone dosage, or parameters of metabolic control. Conclusions: Our data provide evidence that the components of the trimeric IGF-I-IGFBP-3-ALS complex are altered in CAH children with possible implications on pubertal growth and final height. © 2011 Growth Hormone Research Society. ER  - 
Diabetic retinopathy in type 1 diabetes - A contemporary analysis of 8,784 patients; Aims/hypothesis: The aim of this study was to analyse the risk profile for diabetic retinopathy under real-life conditions in a large cohort of patients with type 1 diabetes. Methods: Patients (n=18,891) with childhood, adolescent or adult onset of type 1 diabetes from the prospective German Diabetes Documentation System survey were analysed. A total of 8,784 patients fulfilled the inclusion criterion, which was availability of retinopathy status. Retinopathy grading (any retinopathy, advanced retinopathy), treatment regimens and risk factors were prospectively recorded and tested as covariates by Kaplan-Meier analysis and logistic regression. Results: Any retinopathy was present in 27.4% and advanced retinopathy (severe non-proliferative or proliferative diabetic retinopathy) in 8.0% of the cohort. After 40 years of diabetes, the cumulative proportion of patients with any retinopathy and advanced retinopathy was 84.1% and 50.2%, respectively. In multiple regression analysis, risk factors for any retinopathy were diabetes duration (OR 1.167 per year), HbA1c >7.0% (53 mmol/mol) (OR 2.225), smoking (OR 1.295) and male sex (OR 1.187) (p<0.0001 for all). Young age at onset (5 vs 15 years at disease onset) was protective (0.410, p<0.0001). No glycaemic threshold was detected for retinopathy protection. Risk factors for advanced retinopathy were duration (1.124 per year, p<0.0001), male sex (1.323, p=0.0020), HbA1c >7.0% (53 mmol/mol) (1.499, p<0.0001), triacylglycerol >1.7 mmol/l (1.398, p=0.0013) and blood pressure>140/90 mmHg (1.911, p<0.0001). Conclusions/interpretation: The prevalence of retinopathy remains significant in type 1 diabetes. Any improvement of metabolic control and non-smoking is protective, while hypertension affects progression to severe levels under real-life conditions. These data reinforce the validity of multifactorial concepts for morbidity protection in type 1 diabetes. © 2011 Springer-Verlag. ER  - 
Endocrine outcome in long-term survivors of childhood brain tumors; Aim: To evaluate the rates of endocrine abnormalities in survivors of childhood brain tumors and identify risk factors. Methods: The medical charts of patients were reviewed for background, disease-related and treatment-related data. Endocrine dysfunction was determined by clinical and laboratory evaluation. Results: The study group included 114 patients with a mean age of 15.57 ± 5.93 years. Mean age at brain tumor diagnosis was 7.07 ± 5.42 years, and mean follow-up was 12.8 ± 6.25 years. Fifty-seven patients (50%) had an endocrine abnormality. The occurrence of several endocrine abnormalities was significantly associated with cranial irradiation and age <16 years at tumor diagnosis. The presence of growth hormone deficiency (n = 40) was associated with cranial or spinal irradiation, younger age and prepubertal stage at tumor diagnosis; the presence of hypogonadotropic hypogonadism (n = 9) was associated with prepubertal stage at diagnosis, and hypothyroidism (n = 23) was associated with cranial irradiation. Hypocortisolism was diagnosed in 9 patients, short stature in 20 patients and obesity in 8 male patients. Patients with early puberty (n = 19) and an abnormal lipid profile (n = 15) were significantly younger at tumor diagnosis than patients without these disorders. Conclusions: Childhood brain tumor survivors are at increased risk of late endocrine effects, particularly those treated with cranial radiation and diagnosed at a younger age. The frequency of hormonal deficits increases with time, warranting lifelong surveillance. Copyright © 2011 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Ovarian function in Duarte galactosemia; Objective: To determine if girls with Duarte variant galactosemia (DG) have an increased risk of developing premature ovarian insufficiency based on prepubertal anti-Müllerian hormone (AMH) levels. Design: Cross-sectional study. Setting: University research laboratory. Patient(s): Study volunteers included 57 girls with DG, 89 girls with classic galactosemia (GG), and 64 control girls between the ages of <1 month and 10.5 years. Intervention(s): Blood sampling. Main Outcome Measure(s): We determined AMH and FSH levels in study volunteers with and without Duarte variant or GG. Result(s): FSH levels were significantly higher and AMH levels significantly lower in girls with GG than in age-stratified control girls, but there was no significant difference between FSH and AMH levels in girls with DG and control girls. Conclusion(s): Although >80% of girls with GG in this study demonstrated low to undetectable AMH levels consistent with diminished ovarian reserve, 100% of girls with DG in our study demonstrated no apparent decrease in AMH levels or increase in FSH levels, suggesting that these girls are not at increased risk for premature ovarian insufficiency. Copyright © 2011 American Society for Reproductive Medicine, Published by Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Short children with low birth weight born either small for gestational age or average for gestational age show similar growth response and changes in insulin-like growth factor-1 to growth hormone treatment during the first prepubertal year; Background/Aims: Growth hormone (GH) is an accepted treatment for short children born small for gestational age (SGA). The aim of this analysis was to compare the growth response to GH in children with low birth weight born SGA or appropriate for gestational age (AGA). Methods: This retrospective observational study is from one center. Of all the children with a birth weight <2,500 g treated, 50 were primarily diagnosed as having growth hormone deficiency ([A] SGA, n = 26; [B] AGA, n = 24) and 138 were originally diagnosed SGA or AGA (reclassified: [C] SGA, n = 102; [D] AGA, n = 36). Results: [Median; A, B, C, D]: at an age of 4.9, 5.2, 5.8, 5.8 years, a height of -2.9, -2.4, -2.8, -2.9 SDS and a GH dose of 27, 28, 41, 39 μg/kg/day, the children grew 0.9, 0.9, 0.8, 0.9 SDS in height, respectively. Insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) at GH start was, respectively, -2.1, -2.2, -0.4, -0.9 SDS and rose to (delta IGF-1) 1.8, 2.0, 1.7, 1.5 SDS during the first year on GH. All differences were not significant. Conclusions: We show for the first time that short stature children with low birth weight born AGA experience the same increase in height and IGFs to GH treatment as those born SGA irrespective of actual GH secretory status. Copyright © 2011 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Endothelial function increases with age in adolescents; Background: Endothelial dysfunction is an early indicator for developing atherosclerosis that can be found even in obese or diabetic children. The aim of this study was to characterize endothelial function in children and adolescents and to study the influence of physical activity and fitness on endothelial function. Methods: 582 tests in 358 students in the age of 10 to 17 years (46.2% female; group 1: n=119, 11.2±0.6 years; group 2: n=191, 12.5±0.3 years; group 3: n=98, 13.5±0.3 years; group 4: n=174, 15.1±0,8 years) were analysed in this cross sectional study, that investigates the influence of one hour of physical exercise daily at school in the intervention group (IG) in comparison to two hours weekly in the control group (CG) on cardiovascular risk factors. Tests included assessment of (1) peripheral endothelial function via reactive hyperaemic index (RHI), (2) anthropometry with body mass index (BMI), (3) maximal oxygen consumption (VO2max) as a measurement for physical fitness via a maximal treadmill exercise test with spirometry, and (4) a blood sample for measurement of cholesterol, adipocytokines and hormones. Results: With increasing age RHI increased significantly from 1.50±0.4 in group 1 to 1.80±0.6 in group 4 (p<0.01; r=0.33 Pearson's correlation). RHI increased in girls earlier than in boys with significant differences in group 2 (1.53±0.4 vs. 1.37±0.3, p<0.01) and group 3 (1.77±0.4 versus 1.59±0.6, p=0.02) between the genders. Correlation between RHI and BMI was small (r=0.2, p<0.01). BMIpercentiles revealed overweight and obesity in 8.2% students. We didn't found significant differences regarding the RHI in our small group of overweight/obese adolescents and the non-obese students. Endothelial function was not dependent on VO2max neither in the different age groups (52.9±8.8 ml/min/kg, 47.4±8.5 ml/min/kg, 48.7±7.7 ml/min/kg and 47.6±8.1 ml/min/kg for groups 1 to 4, p<0.01) nor between IG and CG. VO2max was better in the non-obese adolescents in all groups. Cholesterol levels decreased with increasing age in adolescents from 4.3±0.6 mmol/l in group 1 to 3.9±0.7 mmol/l in group 4, p<0.01. Measurements of adipocytokines and hormones are ongoing. Conclusion: Endothelial function increases with increasing age in healthy children and adolescents. In preadolescents and after puberty, RHI of boys and girls is similar. Hormonal changes in puberty may cause an earlier increase of endothelial function during puberty in girls than in boys independent of maximal exercise capacity. Age-dependence of measurements has to be considered in further young study cohorts. ER  - 
Use of hormonal contraceptives in europe and in the USA: Comparative data from the TASC study; Background: The Transatlantic Active Surveillance Study on Cardiovascular Safety of NuvaRing (TASC) investigates the cardiovascular safety of a contraceptive vaginal ring compared to combined oral contraceptives in 5 European countries and in the USA. In addition, study data allow for a transatlantic comparison of the utilization of hormonal contraceptives. Objectives: To describe the utilization pattern of hormonal contraceptives (HC) in Europe and in the USA. Methods: The TASC study is a transatlantic, prospective, controlled, non-interventional cohort study. Patient enrollment started in 2007. Information is collected via self-administered questionnaires at study entry and on months 6, 12, 24, 36 and 48 after study entry. Questions include information on cardiovascular risk factors, medical and gynecological history, other demographic and life-style data, reasons for HC use and concomitant medication. Results: About 34,000 women were enrolled. Mean age in the USA was 26.5 years compared to 28.5 years in Europe. Mean BMI is higher in the USA (26.6) compared to Europe (22.8); 11.1% of the US women and 1.7% of the European women had a BMI ≥35. European HC users are more frequently current smokers compared to the US HC users (30.5% vs. 15.7%). Prevalence of diabetes and treated high blood pressure is higher for US compared to European HC users. European women used less concomitant medication compared to US women (9.9% vs. 23.4%). In the US, more than 30% of these women were using psychotropic medications, in particular SSRIs. Age at menarche, number of live births and other gynecological history variables as well as socioeconomic indicators were similar across countries and continents. In addition to contraception, HC were frequently used for the treatment of painful periods (about 15%), bleeding disorders (about 10%), acne (about 10%), ovarian cysts (about 5%) and endometriosis (about 3%) without major differences between the continents. Conclusions: Overall, HC users in Europe and in the USA have similar demographic characteristics. Regarding cardiovascular risk factors, however, meaningful differences in BMI, smoking habits and use of concomitant medication were observed. ER  - 
The effects of glycemic control in HDL subclasses distribution, composition and functionality in type 1 diabetic adolescents; Introduction and Objectives: An important part of the cardiovascular risk in type 1 diabetic (T1D) patients could be mediated by atherogenic lipid abnormalities. The aim of our study was to evaluate the effect of glycemic control in HDL subclasses distribution, composition and functionality in T1D adolescents. Methods: Cross sectional study that included 52 T1D diabetic patients and 43 non diabetic controls. T1D patients were divided into two groups according glycemic control. HDL-C sublcasses distribution, composition and its capacity to promote cellular cholesterol efflux and its antiinflammatory action trough the levels of soluble adhesion molecules were measured. Results: Poor glycemic control (HbA1c≥9.6%) in type 1 diabetic adolescents was associated with a lower proportion of HDL2b subclass compared to non-diabetic subjects (p = 0.029) and this association was independent of age, sex, Tanner stage, diabetes duration and insulin dose. Also poor glycemic control was associated to a enrichment in triglycerides (p = 0.045) and a depletion in cholesteryl esters content of HDL particles (p = 0.028) and an increased plasma levels of ICAM-1 concentrations (p < 0.001). Conclusion: HDL subclasses abnormalities in distribution, composition and anti- immflamatory properties related to hyperglycemia, are mechanisms that could be associated to an increased risk of accelerated atherosclerosis in T1D patients since early age. ER  - 
Effects of genetic variants in ADCY5, GIPR, GCKR and VPS13C on early impairment of glucose and insulin metabolism in children; Objective: Recent genome-wide association studies identified novel candidate genes for fasting and 2 h blood glucose and insulin levels in adults. We investigated the role of four of these loci (ADCY5, GIPR, GCKR and VPS13C) in early impairment of glucose and insulin metabolism in children. Research Design and Methods: We genotyped four variants (rs2877716; rs1260326; rs10423928; rs17271305) in 638 Caucasian children with detailed metabolic testing including an oGTT and assessed associations with measures of glucose and insulin metabolism (including fasting blood glucose, insulin levels and insulin sensitivity/secretion indices) by linear regression analyses adjusted for age, sex, BMI-SDS and pubertal stage. Results: The major allele (C) of rs2877716 (ADCY5) was nominally associated with decreased fasting plasma insulin (P = 0.008), peak insulin (P = 0.009) and increased QUICKI (P = 0.016) and Matsuda insulin sensitivity index (P = 0.013). rs17271305 (VPS13C) was nominally associated with 2 h blood glucose (P = 0.009), but not with any of the insulin or insulin sensitivity parameters. We found no association of the GIPR and GCKR variants with parameters of glucose and insulin metabolism. None of the variants correlated with anthropometric traits such as height, WHR or BMI-SDS, which excluded potential underlying associations with obesity. Conclusions: Our data on obese children indicate effects of genetic variation within ADCY5 in early impairment of insulin metabolism and VPS13C in early impairment of blood glucose homeostasis. © 2011 Windholz et al. ER  - 
Efficacy of Leuprolide Acetate 1-Month Depot for Central Precocious Puberty (CPP): Growth Outcomes During a Prospective, Longitudinal Study; Introduction: Gonadotropin-releasing hormone analogs (GnRHa) are the treatment of choice for CPP. We investigated growth in GnRHa-naïve subjects, treated with leuprolide acetate 1-month depot for CPP.Methods: This prospective, open-label study had a long-term, observational, follow-up period. Forty-nine females and 6 males were enrolled. Leuprolide acetate depot was administered intramuscularly every 28 days. Height and growth rate during and after treatment until adulthood were measured.Results: Among 30 of 49 females having an adult height (AH) measurement, 29 had target heights available (mean = 163.8 cm) and 27 had pretreatment predicted adult heights (PAHs; mean = 157.4 cm). After treatment, the mean AH at mean age 21.8 years [range 13.7-26.7 years] was 162.5 cm, a mean height gain over baseline PAH of 4.0 cm. The mean height standard deviation score was -0.1 at AH.Conclusions: Treatment of CPP with leuprolide acetate 1-month depot had beneficial effects on growth rate and preservation of AH.Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT00660010. © 2011 Lee et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Lack of association between adolescent idiopathic scoliosis and previously reported single nucleotide polymorphisms in MATN1, MTNR1B, TPH1, and IGF1 in a Japanese population; Adolescent idiopathic scoliosis (AIS) is a spinal deformity most commonly arising in apparently healthy girls around puberty. AIS has a strong genetic predisposition. Several genetic associations between AIS and single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) have been reported; common SNPs in the genes for matrilin 1 (MATN1), melatonin receptor 1B (MTNR1B), tryptophan hydroxylase 1 (TPH1), and insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF1) are reported to be associated with AIS in Chinese. However, these associations have not been replicated so far. To confirm the associations, we compared these SNPs with AIS predisposition and curve severity in a population of Japanese females consisting of 798 AIS patients and 1,239 controls. All the subjects were genotyped using the PCR-based Invader assay. We found no association of any of the SNPs with AIS predisposition or curve severity. Considering the statistical power and sample size of the present study, we concluded that these SNPs are not associated with either AIS predisposition or curve severity in Japanese. © 2011 Orthopaedic Research Society Published by Wiley Periodicals, Inc. ER  - 
Relationship between insulin resistance and puberty in children with increased cardiometabolic risk; Epidemiologic data provide evidence that the frequency of obesity and cardiometabolic risk factors shows an increasing tendency in childhood. Insulin resistance plays a central role in the pathogenesis of cardiovascular and metabolic consequences of obesity. Transient decrease in the insulin sensitivity during puberty is a well-known physiological process; however, the feature of this phenomenon is not clear in obese children with increased cardiometabolic risk. Aim: The aim of the present study was to assess the effect of puberty on insulin resistance and metabolic parameters in obese children with and without increased cardiometabolic risk. Materials and methods: Anthropometric data, insulin levels during oral glucose tolerance test and lipid status were analyzed of 161 obese children aged 4-18 years. Σinsulin/Σglucose ratio was obtained during glucose load and HOMA index was used to assess insulin resistance. Children were sorted into prepubertal (T1), pubertal (T2-4) and postpubertal (T5) cohorts according to Tanner staging criteria and metabolic and insulin resistance parameters were evaluated. Increased cardiometabolic risk was defined as the presence of any two risk factors (elevated fasting plasma glucose, blood pressure, triglyceride or decreased HDL-cholesterol) in addition to obesity. Results: Out of 161 obese subjects, 43 (26.7%) had increased cardiometabolic risk. Decreased HDL-cholesterol and/or elevated triglyceride was observed in 101 (56.5%) cases. Impaired glucose tolerance and/or impaired fasting glucose was found in 23 (14.4%) cases. In subjects without increased cardiometabolic risk, the Σinsulin/Σglucose ratio in T1 stage was significantly lower than in T2-4 and T5 stages (p = 0.01). In children with increased cardiometabolic risk, the insulin/glucose ratio was similar in T1, T2-4 and T5 stages, however, it was significantly higher in T1 stage as compared to subjects without increased cardiometabolic risk (p = 0.04). In T2-4 and T5 stages, Σinsulin/Σglucose ratio did not differ between children with and without increased cardiometabolic risk. No difference was found in HOMA index between groups with and without increased cardiometabolic risk in T1 stage, however significantly higher levels were observed in subjects with increased cardiometabolic risk at T2-4 stages (p = 0.01), indicating the presence of fasting hyperinsulinemia in this cohort. Elevated HbA1c (≥6.0%) was found in 13 (16%) out of the 81 children investigated, of whom only two cases had abnormal oral glucose tolerance test. In cases having normal HbA1c, oral glucose tolerance test showed impaired glucose tolerance in 5 cases, impaired fasting glucose in 2 cases, both impaired glucose tolerance and impaired fasting glucose in 2 cases, and type 2 diabetes in 2 cases. Conclusion: Increased insulin resistance can be observed in obese children without increased cardiometabolic risk. In obese children with increased cardiometabolic risk, substantial insulin resistance occurs in prepuberty and it is present at similar level throughout puberty. Fasting insulin levels are elevated in obese subjects with increased cardiometabolic risk as compared to those without increased cardiometabolic risk. To reveal type 2 diabetes cases, HbA1c and oral glucose tolerance test results should be assessed parallel. Orv. Hetil., 2011, 152, 1068-1074. ER  - 
Response to growth hormone treatment in isolated growth hormone deficiency versus multiple pituitary hormone deficiency; Background: Growth hormone (GH) therapy successfully increases height prognosis in children with GH deficiency (GHD); however, adult height data are still limited. Aim: This study investigated near-adult height (NAH) in patients with idiopathic GHD (i.e. those with a GH peak <10 μg/l with no organic pathology) divided into two groups: isolated GHD and multiple pituitary hormone deficiency (MPHD). Methods: All patients were registered in the Pfizer International Growth Study Database (KIGS). Median (10th to 90th percentile) values are given and measurements were expressed as standard deviation scores (SDS). Parental-adjusted height was determined. Results: GH therapy was started at a median age of 9.2 (range 4.9-12) years in patients with isolated GHD (n = 1,619, 60% males) and at 7.7 (range 2.8-12.2) years in those with MPHD (n = 554, 65% males; p < 0.001) at a median dose of 0.20 mg/kg/week. Height SDS at onset of therapy was-3.1 (range-4.5 to-2.1) and-3.8 (range-5.7 to-2.3), respectively (p < 0.001). The maximum GH peak and insulin-like growth factor I SDS were significantly (p < 0.05) lower in patients with MPHD than in those with isolated GHD. Both groups showed a significant (p < 0.05) increase in height SDS at 1 year that continued until the onset of puberty. Parental-adjusted height at the start of puberty was-0.1 (range-1.6 to 1.1) in patients with isolated GHD and-0.4 (range-1.9 to 1.2) in those with MPHD. Parental-adjusted NAH SDS in patients with isolated GHD was 0.0 (range-1.5 to 1.2) and slightly, but significantly, higher than NAH (-0.3, range-2.1 to 1.2; p < 0.001) in patients with MPHD. In patients with isolated GHD, total change in height SDS while receiving GH therapy was 1.6 (range 0.5-3.2), and the change in height SDS at puberty was 0.1 (range-0.7 to 1). The respective values were 2.6 (range 0.9-4.6) and 0.2 (range-1 to 1.3) in patients with MPHD. Parental-adjusted NAH was slightly lower in girls than in boys with isolated GHD, but no gender difference was observed in patients with MPHD. Multivariate analysis in patients with GHD and MPHD showed that higher birth weight, taller parents, greater height at onset, first-year responsiveness, and predicted height velocity were the most important predictors of NAH. Conclusions: 89% of patients with isolated GHD and 81% of those with MPHD reached an NAH within their genetic potential while receiving GH therapy. Most of the height gain occurred during prepubertal years. © 2011 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Insulin resistance is associated with at least threefold increased risk for prothrombotic state in severely obese youngsters; Obesity in childhood increases the risk for early adult cardiovascular disease. However, the underlying mechanism is not fully known. The aims of this study were to measure levels of prothrombotic factors and examine their possible association with obesity and insulin resistance in obese children and adolescents. A total of 313 obese children and adolescents were recruited. In a cross-sectional design, we measured anthropometric parameters, plasminogen activator inhibitor-1-antigen (PAI-1-Ag), von Willebrand factor-antigen (vWF-Ag), fibrinogen (FB), lipids, fasting glucose, and insulin (FI) levels. Insulin resistance was estimated using the homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) index. Boys presented significantly higher PAI-1-Ag levels than girls (82.6 vs. 71.3 ng/ml, p=0.01). Higher levels of PAI-1-Ag (96.8 vs. 69 ng/ml, p<0.001), vWF-Ag (123.5 vs. 107.6%, p=0.004) but not FB (353.1 vs. 337.6 mg/dl, p=0.137) were found in insulin-resistant (IR) participants after adjusted for age, gender, and pubertal stage. IR patients were at 2.98 (CI: 1.084-8.193) and 4.86 (CI: 1.119-15.606) times greater risk for high PAI-1-Ag and vWF-Ag levels, respectively. All three prothrombotic factors were positively correlated with body mass index (BMI) and FI levels (p<0.05), but only PAI-1-Ag and vWF-Ag were significantly correlated with HOMA-IR index (p≤0.001). After adjustment for confounding factors, both BMI and HOMA-IR indices remained significantly associated with PAI-1-Ag (r 2=0.225, p<0.001) and vWF-Ag levels (r 2=0.077, p=0.003). Conclusion: This study shows that obesity in youngsters, when accompanied with insulin resistance, is associated with at least threefold increased risk for elevated levels of prothrombotic factors, contributing to the early development of atherothrombosis. This impaired prothrombotic state may partially explain the increased risk for developing cardiovascular disease later in adulthood. © 2010 Springer-Verlag. ER  - 
Catch-up growth in girls born small for gestational age precedes childhood progression to high adiposity; Objective: To study across childhood the features of small for gestational age (SGA) girls with spontaneous catch-up growth. Design: Longitudinal study (age 2-8 years). Setting: University hospital. Patient(s): Post-catch-up SGA girls (n = 18) versus healthy control girls born appropriate for gestational age (AGA; n = 13). Intervention(s): None. Main Outcome Measure(s): Height, weight, fasting glucose, insulin, IGF-I, high-molecular-weight (HMW) adiponectin, LDL and HDL cholesterol, triglycerides, body composition by absorptiometry (2-8 years); visceral fat by magnetic resonance imaging (6-8 years); bone age (by automated reading), sex hormone-binding globulin, DHEAS, and leptin (8 years). Result(s): At age 2 years, AGA and SGA girls were comparable for all study markers. Between 2 and 8 years, girls were prepubertal; AGA and SGA girls gained height, lean mass, and bone mineral content similarly; other outcomes diverged so that, at age 8, SGA girls had markedly higher levels of circulating insulin, IGF-I, DHEAS, LDL cholesterol, and leptin; lower HMW adiponectin and SHBG levels; more total and visceral fat (without being obese); and an older bone age. Conclusion(s): After completing catch-up growth and before starting puberty, SGA girls develop an ensemble that includes not only central adiposity, hyperinsulinemia, and hypoadiponectinemia but also hyperleptinemia, dyslipidemia, lower SHBG and higher DHEAS levels, and faster bone maturation. © 2011 by American Society for Reproductive Medicine. ER  - 
Responsiveness to metformin in girls with androgen excess: Collective influence of genetic polymorphisms; Objective: To study the relationship between the responsiveness to metformin in girls with androgen excess and combinations of genetic variants - as reflected in a polymorphism score - in single nucleotide polymorphisms (OCT1, STK11, and FTO genes) and in the repeat numbers within the AR and SHBG genes. Design: Longitudinal (1-year) follow-up. Setting: University hospital. Patient(s): Hyperandrogenic adolescent girls receiving metformin. Intervention(s): Single nucleotide polymorphisms and repeat numbers were assessed in 104 adolescent girls with androgen excess. The polymorphism score was the sum of subscores given for response alleles in OCT1, STK11, and FTO and for high repeat numbers in SHBG and AR alleles. Main Outcome Measure(s): The response to metformin (850 mg/d) was judged by changes over 1 year in endocrine-metabolic state and body composition. Result(s): Changes in fasting insulin levels, triacylglycerol levels, LDL-HDL ratio, and body composition differed strikingly by polymorphism score. Conclusion(s): Collectively, genetic polymorphisms had a major influence on the responsiveness to metformin in adolescent girls with androgen excess. © 2011 by American Society for Reproductive Medicine. ER  - 
Hyperleptinemia in obese adolescents deregulates neuropeptides during weight loss; Leptin has emerged over the past decade as a key hormone not only in energy balance regulation but also in neuroendocrine and inflammatory processes. The aim of the present study was to evaluate whether hyperleptinemia deregulates neuropeptides during weight loss. A total of 86 post-pubertal obese adolescents (with or without hyperleptinemia) participated in one year of interdisciplinary weight loss therapy (clinical, nutritional, psychological and exercise-related). Adipokine and neuropeptide concentrations were measured by ELISA, visceral fat was measured by ultrasound and body composition was measured by pletismography. The hyperleptinemic patients presented a lower alpha-MSH concentration and higher NPY/AgRP ratio while the adiponectin/leptin (A/L) ratio was lower compared with the non-hyperleptinemic group. After therapy, significant improvements in BM, BMI, body fat mass, visceral and subcutaneous fat, HOMA-IR, QUICKI, total cholesterol and triglycerides were observed in both groups. Indeed, we observed significant increases in adiponectin and A/L as well as reductions in leptin and NPY/AgRP ratio in the hyperleptinemic group. In the stepwise multiple linear regression analysis with leptin concentration as the dependent variable, α-MSH and body fat mass (%) were the independent predictors to explain leptin concentration. For the entire group, we found positive correlations between leptinemia and BMI and body fat mass (%) as well as a negative correlation with free fat mass (%) and alpha-MSH. Finally, we verified negative correlations between adiponectin/leptin ratio with total cholesterol and LDL-c, only in hyperleptinemic patients. In conclusion, the hyperleptinemia in obese adolescents deregulates neuropeptides during weight loss. © 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Age at menarche and physician-diagnosed type 2 diabetes mellitus in chinese singaporeans: The singapore chinese health study; The association between age at menarche and type 2 diabetes (T2D) remains unclear, especially in Asian populations. We examined the association between age at menarche and T2D within a prospective cohort study of Singaporean Chinese women aged 45-74 at baseline in 1993-1998. After excluding participants who had missing information on age at menarche (n=6), were free of diabetes at baseline but did not complete follow-up interview (n=5,677), reported having physician-diagnosed diabetes at less than 30 years of age (n=19), or had an unclear diabetes status based on a validation study (n=11), we included 28,315 women in the present analyses. There were 4,398 cases of diabetes (3,090 prevalent and 1,308 incident). Odds ratios and 95% confidence intervals for T2D were computed across the age range of menarche and adjusted for baseline factors: age, year of interview, dialect, physical activity, alcohol use, smoking, educational level, oral contraceptive use, age at first delivery, parity, menopause status, and use of hormone replacement therapy. Median age at menarche was 13.5 years. Report of menarche at age 12 or younger was associated with increased odds of developing T2D as an adult. Alternatively report of menarche at age 15 or older was associated with reduced odds of developing T2D (see table). The association was only partially mediated by adjustment for baseline adult body mass index. These data suggest that age at menarche is an indicator of diabetes risk as an adult. Life-course studies with measures of reproductive hormones, body composition, and related biologic measures will best elucidate the potential causal mechanisms. (Table presented). ER  - 
Determinants of weight loss among obese children enrolled in a multidisciplinary weight management program; Individual responses to lifestyle treatment for obesity vary, especially for adolescents who experience dramatic physical growth and development. Therefore, we investigated determinants of weight and BMI loss among 162 obese children (BMI ≥95th percentile, 11-18 yrs, 34% boys, and 75% African American) enrolled in a multidisciplinary weight management program. Subjects completed a 6 month intervention, including nutrition education, physical activity, and behavioral modification. During this period, children attended biweekly nutrition education sessions with their parents and were expected to exercise for a >1 hour, 3 days/week, including ≥ one supervised session/ week. A 48-hour dietary recall and 7 day physical activity recall were conducted by a registered dietician and trainer at baseline and 6 months. Pubertal development was measured by Tanner stage by a physician. At 6 month, BMI had lowered significantly to 36.7±6.9 from 37.6±6.9 kg/m2 (mean ± SD, P<0.001). Specifically, we considered age, sex, race, Tanner stage, family history of obesity, reduction of energy intake (REI), increase of energy expenditure (IEE) of daily activities, and baseline weight or BMI for the prediction of changes in body weight and BMI. Surprisingly, neither IEE (P>0.80) nor Tanner Stage (<0.30) was significantly associated with weight change in univariate linear regression models. The non-significance of IEE may be due to its relative small change (11.9±43.8Met-h/week). We forced age, sex, and race, and included REI in linear regression models to predict weight and BMI loss at 6 months. Age was positively associated with weight loss (1.68kg/yr, p=0.001) and BMI reduction (0.31kg/m2/y, p=0.034). REI of 100 kcal /day was significantly associated with weight loss 0.30 kg (p=0.004) and BMI reduction 0.1Kg/m2 (P=0.006). Sex and race were not associated with weight change and BMI reduction. In conclusion, age and change in REI were important predictors of adolescent obesity reduction resulting from lifestyle modification. Obese adolescents may still maintain their obesity status with small IEE only. ER  - 
Testosterone concentration in obese young males; AIM: Obesity in adult males is associated with hypogonadotropic hypogonadism. In children, body mass index (BMI) has known to affect the age of initiation of puberty in both males and females. The objective of our study was to look at the effect of obesity on plasma testosterone concentrations in post pubertal male children. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: This was a cross-sectional case control study performed at Women and Children's Hospital of Buffalo, Endocrine and Diabetes Center. Blood samples were obtained between 8 and 10 am from 19 obese (BMI > 97% for age) and 11 lean (BMI < 85% for age) males between the ages 14-20 years with Tanner staging > 4. Total testosterone (TT), sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG) and C-reactive protein (CRP) levels were measured. TT was measured by LC-MS/ MS, SHBG by an immunometric assay and CRP by ELISA. Free testosterone (cFT) was calculated from TT, SHBG and serum albumin. RESULTS: Obese males had a significantly lower TT, cFT and SHBG concentrations when compared to lean males: TT: 296±131 ng/dl vs 536±146 ng/dl, p<0.001; cFT: 7.5±3 vs 10.6±3.9 ng/dl; p=0.04; and SHBG 22±13 vs 46±25 nmol/l; p=0.01. After controlling for age and Tanner staging, the concentrations for total and free testosterone continued to be significantly lower in the obese males compared to the lean males. The CRP concentrations were higher in obese males when compared to the lean (2.2±1.9 vs 1.0±2.3 mg/l; p=0.001). TT (r=-0.67; p<0.001), cFT (r=-0.40; p=0.04) and SHBG (r=-0.56; p=0.002) were inversely related to BMI. CRP concentrations were inversely related to TT(r=-0.39; p=0.04) and SHBG(r=-0.40, p=0.04) and positively to BMI(r=0.65; p<0.001). Thus young obese post pubertal males have significantly lower TT, cFT and SHBG concentrations than those with normal BMI. The inverse correlation of these indices with CRP also suggests that these patients with lower T concentrations may be at a greater cardiovascular risk. Obese young men need to be screened for hypogonadism, systemic infleammation and potential cardiovascular risk. ER  - 
Predicting the adult height of girls with central precocious puberty; There are no absolute criteria for identifying those girls with idiopathic central precocious puberty (CPP) who will benefit from gonadotropin-releasing hormone analog (GnRHa) treatment. Our objective was to predict at initial evaluation the differences between adult height (AH) and target height (TH) and (for untreated girls) the time between puberty onset and first menstruation. Material/Methods: The 122 girls with CPP who reached their AH included 70 who were given GnRHa because their predicted AH was <155 cm (n=24), their luteinising hormone (LH)/follicle-stimulating hormone peaks (FSH) ratio was >0.66 (n=41) and/or their estradiol was >15 pg/ml (n=40). The other 52 were untreated because their predicted AH was >155 cm. Multiple linear regressions were performed on several subsets of variables. Results: Treated: the difference between AH and TH (-0.6±5.4 cm) was predicted by (using SDS) =3.68 (height at initial evaluation - TH) - 1.94 (height at initial evaluation-predicted AH) - 4.23; R2=0.73. Untreated: the difference between AH and TH (1.7±4.3 cm) was predicted by =2.76 (height at initial evaluation - TH) - 3.68 LH/FSH peaks ratio - 3.49; R2=0.77. Time between puberty onset and first menstruation (years) was predicted by =12.2 - 1.06 age CPP - 0.4 (height at initial evaluation - TH); R2=0.75. Conclusions: A greater difference between height at initial evaluation and TH (SDS) is associated with a greater AH in treated and untreated girls, as are smaller differences between height at initial evaluation and predicted AH in treated and lower LH/FSH peaks ratios in untreated girls. © Med Sci Monit. ER  - 
Menstrual irregularities in PCOSDoes it matter when it starts?; Background: PCOS is presented by a broad spectrum of menstrual irregularities appearing often at puberty or later on during the reproductive years in women suffering from this multifaceted syndrome. To our knowledge, there is no evidence to suggest whether the time of onset of menstrual irregularities (peri or post pubertal) indicates a differential metabolic and/or hormonal profile as well as ovarian ultrasonographic findings, in adulthood in women with PCOS. Aim of the study: To compare anthropometric, hormonal-metabolic profile and ultrasound findings in PCOS women with peripubertal onset of menstrual disorders with the corresponding data obtained from PCOS patients with post pubertal onset of menstrual irregularities, matched for BMI and age. Patients-Methods: 89 PCOS women were evaluated cross-sectionally at the age of 25 years. In 49 subjects menstrual irregularities were present from menarche, whereas in 40 women the irregularities appeared at least 3 years post menarche. Results: Anthropometric parameters were comparable between the 2 groups. The 2 groups did not differ on metabolic and hormonal profile as well as ovarian ultrasound findings. Conclusions: These data indicate that the timing of menstrual irregularities, do not appear to have an impact, on hormonal/metabolic profile and ovarian ultrasound morphology in patients diagnosed with PCOS, later in life. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart - New York. ER  - 
The functional muscle-bone unit in obese children altered bone structure leads to normal strength strain index; Obese children have a twofold increased risk of fracture of the forearm compared to non-obese children. Objective: To investigate bone strength and bone structure of the forearm, and the relationship between muscle and bone in obese children. Methods: The study-group consisted of 84 (40 female) overweight children (mean (SD)) age 11.8 (3.2) years, BMI 29.0 (5.1) kg/m2). Bone geometry and strength were measured at the proximal radius of the non-dominant forearm (65% measurement site) by means of pQCT (XCT 2000). Bone mineral density and lean mass of the total body was determined by means of DXA (Lunar, DPXL/PED). Results were compared to reference values by calculating age (SDSCA) and height-age (SDSHA) dependent standard deviation scores (SDS). Results: Cortical density, 1.11 (1.74) SDSHA, 0.45 (1.52) SDSCA; cortical thickness, 1.46 (1.33) SDSHA, 1.01 (1.46) SDSCA; cortical area, 0.42 (1.31) SDSHA, 0.26 (1.58) SDSCA; total bone area +2.21 (1.47) SDSHA, 2.91 (1.80) SDSCA, marrow area +3.12 (2.29) SDSHA, 3.37 (2.38) SDSCA; strength strain index +0.10 (1.10) SDSHA, 0.95 (1.57) SDSCA. These changes in bone structure were independent from pubertal stage. Measurements revealed correlations between muscle area and SSI (R2=0.67, p<0.001), and muscle mass and bone mineral content (DXA; R2=0.81, p<0.001). Conclusion: Low cortical density, normal cortical area and increased total bone area led to a normal strength strain index adjusted both for height and for age. We assume that this normal bone strength is not appropriate for the higher kinetic energy of impact in case of a fall in overweight children. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart - New York. ER  - 
Long term clinical management of girls with turner syndrome at a center of pediatric endocrinology; Aim: To evaluate clinical management of patients with Turner syndrome in one center over a long period. Methods: Retrospective analysis of 89 patients cared for between 1974 and 2004. Assessment of age and height at diagnosis, indications for karyotyping, induction of puberty and final height attainment. Results: Average age at diagnosis was 8.21 years, with a significant decline over the observation period. Mean height SDS at diagnosis was 2.86. Main reasons for karyotyping were edema in youngest ages and growth retardation in ages older than 6 years. Puberty induction was started at a mean age of 13.93 years, with a significant decline over the observation period. Mean duration until menarche was 2.51 years. An appropriate clinical response with changes in Tanner stages was observed. Mean final height after GH therapy was 151.81cm, height SDS for TS was increased by +1.82. Conclusions: In recent study years, Turner Syndrome is being diagnosed at younger ages and at heights closer to normal heights. The clinical spectrum warrants karyotyping at an early age. In spite of late diagnoses, puberty induction was started within a physiological age in recent years and was, just as GH therapy, successful to mimic physiological progress in most instances. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart - New York. ER  - 
Insulin resistance and metabolic syndrome in prepubertal boys with Klinefelter syndrome; Aims: To investigate risk factors for metabolic syndrome in prepubertal boys with Klinefelter syndrome. Methods: Eighty-nine boys with Klinefelter syndrome, ages 4-12.9 years, and 34 age-matched control boys had height, weight, waist circumference and blood pressure measured and their parents completed a questionnaire about physical activity. The boys with Klinefelter syndrome also had measurement of lipids, fasting glucose and insulin. Insulin-glucose homeostasis model assessment was calculated, and the boys were evaluated for childhood metabolic syndrome. Results: The Klinefelter syndrome and control groups were similar ages (7.5 ± 2.4 vs. 8.1 ± 2.3 years). Body mass index measurements were similar, but waist circumference was >90 percentile in 30% of boys with Klinefelter syndrome versus 21% of controls. The mean daily time spent running was 42 min less in the Klinefelter syndrome versus control groups (p < 0.01). About 37% of the boys with Klinefelter syndrome had elevated LDL cholesterol, 24% had insulin resistance, and 7% met the three criteria for diagnosis of metabolic syndrome. Conclusions: Truncal obesity, insulin resistance and metabolic syndrome are present in boys as young as 4-12 years with Klinefelter syndrome, and these occur in association with reduced running-type activity. © 2011 The Author(s)/Acta Pædiatrica © 2011 Foundation Acta Pædiatrica. ER  - 
Uterus and ovaries in girls and young women with Turner syndrome evaluated by ultrasound and magnetic resonance imaging; Objective To determine uterine and ovarian size in Turner syndrome (TS) and to compare uterine and ovarian size evaluated by transabdominal ultrasound (US) and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) in girls with TS and two groups of controls. Design A cross-sectional study. Patients Forty-one girls with TS (17·0 ± 3·3 years, range 11·2-24·9 years), 50 healthy age-matched controls (16·9 ± 3·2 years, range 12·5-25·0 years) and 107 Tanner-stage-matched controls (15·0 ± 3·2 years, range 10·1-24·2). Measurements Uterine and ovarian volume by US and MRI. Results Ovaries were detected in 37% in TS by US and in 55% in TS by MRI (P = 0·1). Total ovarian volume was lower in TS compared to both groups of controls (TS vs C-US: median 1·1 ml (range 0·1-29·3) vs 11·52 ml (1·9-77·9), P = 0·001, TS vs C-MRI: 1·0 ml (0·1-34·2) vs 13·2 ml (2·4-30·1), P < 0·0005). Mean difference in total ovarian volume measured by MRI and US in patients with TS was 2·3 ± 3·8 ml (P = 0·01). Mean uterine volume by MRI was lower in TS compared to controls (29·5 ± 25·1 vs 54·3 ± 23·3 ml, P < 0·0005). Uterine volume by US was lower in TS at Tanner stage B5 compared to controls (TS vs C: 33·6 ± 18·2 vs 50·2 ± 18·0 ml, P = 0·007). Conclusions A larger ovarian volume was detected by MRI in TS compared to US. This finding is important with the advancements of performing ovarian biopsies for cryopreservation and later reimplantation. Mean uterine volumes by MRI and US in fully matured TS were lower compared to controls despite appropriate hormonal replacement therapy in TS. © 2011 Blackwell Publishing Ltd. ER  - 
Determinants of bone mineral density in older postmenopausal Chinese women; Objective: The study was performed to identify the risk factors of osteoporosis in older Chinese women. Methods: Two thousand Chinese women aged above 65 years (65-98 years) were recruited. The subjects were interviewed by a structured questionnaire and had a physical examination. Bone mineral density (BMD) at the total hip and lumbar spine was measured by dual X-ray densitometry. Results: On stepwise multiple regression, body weight, daily dietary calcium intake, history of diabetes mellitus and hypertension, and age of menopause were positively associated with BMD at total hip and spine. Age of menarche, duration of lactation and history of fracture at or after 50 years of age were significant negative predictors of BMD of total hip and spine. Age, current smoking, and history of gastrectomy were associated with lower BMD at the hip. Physical activity was associated with higher hip BMD. Tertiary education and alcohol consumption were associated with higher BMD at the spine. The explained variances of total hip BMD and spine BMD by these factors were 37.9% and 29.4%, respectively. Conclusion Lifestyle factors and medical history have significant influence on BMD in older postmenopausal Chinese women. The influence of gynecological and obstetric history was relatively small. © 2011 International Menopause Society. ER  - 
Does childhood meat eating contribute to sex differences in risk factors for ischaemic heart disease in a developing population?; Background: A male epidemic of ischaemic heart disease (IHD) emerges with economic development. It has previously been hypothesised that this epidemic is due to nutritionally driven levels of pubertal sex steroids, which lead to a more atherogenic body shape and lipid profile in boys but not girls, without any sex-specific effects on glucose metabolism. This study tests this hypothesis by examining the association of childhood meat eating with IHD risk in a developing Chinese population. Methods: Multivariable linear and censored regression was used in a cross-sectional study of 19 418 Chinese older ($50 years) men and women from the Guangzhou Biobank Cohort Study (phases 2 and 3) to assess the adjusted associations of childhood meat eating with waist to hip ratio (WHR), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and fasting plasma glucose. Results: Adjusted for age, childhood hunger, life-course socioeconomic position and current lifestyle childhood almost daily meat eating compared with less than weekly meat eating was associated with higher WHR (0.007, 95% CI 0.0003 to 0.01) in men but not women. No association with fasting glucose was observed. Conclusions: Given the potential limitations of this study, especially the crude nature of the exposure and modest findings, the results should be considered as preliminary. However, they do lend support to the hypothesis that the male epidemic of premature IHD and sexual divergence in IHD rates that occur with economic development may be nutritionally driven in childhood. In elucidating the developmental origins of noncommunicable chronic diseases, more attention should be focused on the sociohistorical context and the role of puberty. ER  - 
The relationship between the age of onset of type 1 diabetes and the subsequent development of a severe eating disorder by female patients; Objectives: To determine the age of onset of type 1 diabetes that is most closely related to the subsequent development of a severe eating disorder such as anorexia nervosa (AN) or bulimia nervosa (BN). Methods: Participants were 53 female type 1 diabetes patients with AN or BN referred to our outpatient clinic from the Diabetes Center of Tokyo Women's Medical University. Forty-nine female type 1 diabetes patients who regularly visited the Diabetes Center and had no eating disorder-related problems constituted the 'direct control' group, whereas 941 female patients who for the first time visited the Diabetes Center constituted the 'historical control' group. The kernel function method was used to generate a density estimation of the onset age of each group and the chi-square test was used to compare the distribution. Results: The control groups had similar density shapes for the onset age of type 1 diabetes, but both differed from the 'eating disorder' group. For onset age 7-18 yr, the density of the 'eating disorder' group was higher than those of the control groups, but for the younger and older onset ages the densities were lower. The 'eating disorder' group developed type 1 diabetes significantly more frequently than the 'historical control' group between 7 and 18 yr of age (χ2 = 9.066, p < 0.011). Conclusion: The development of type 1 diabetes in preadolescence or adolescence seems to place girls at risk for the subsequent development of AN or BN. Careful attention should be paid to these high-risk patients. © 2010 John Wiley & Sons A/S. ER  - 
Abnormal high-density lipoproteins in overweight adolescents with atherogenic dyslipidemia; OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to evaluate high-density lipoprotein functionality and the cardiovascular risk factor profile in the overweight pediatric population. We hypothesized that overweight adolescents with low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and elevated triglyceride plasma levels have metabolic abnormalities and dysfunctional highdensity lipoprotein particles, similar to those reported in adults. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Overweight adolescents with (group 1 [n = 21]) and without (group 2 [n = 36]) atherogenic dyslipidemia (highdensity lipoprotein cholesterol: ≤40 mg/dL and triglycerides: ≥150 mg/dL) and normal-weight normolipidemic subjects, as a reference (group 3 [n = 36]), were included. The cardiovascular risk factor profile (lipids, lipoproteins, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, and insulin), high-density lipoprotein subclass distribution, composition, and cholesterol efflux capacity were studied. RESULTS: Group 1 adolescents showed abnormalities in high-density lipoprotein subclass distribution and high-density lipoprotein chemical composition, as well as a significantly lower capacity to promote cholesterol efflux (14.8±2.8, 16.5±3.8, 20.4±3.5, for groups 1, 2 and 3, respectively). High-density lipoprotein2a (R2=0.212, β = 0.472, P< .0001) and the Tanner score (R 2=0.054, β= -0.253, P=.02) were the independent predictors of cholesterol efflux. Group 1 also showed a higher degree of cardiovascular abnormalities (an adverse lipoprotein profile, greater insulin resistance and systemic inflammation; and lower low-density lipoprotein size) than group 2, even after BMI and Tanner score adjustment. CONCLUSIONS: This study suggests that atherogenic dyslipidemia identifies overweight adolescents with quantitative, qualitative, and functional high-density lipoprotein abnormalities. Atherogenic dyslipidemia seems to be a marker of an increased risk for developing cardiovascular disease and indicates that those adolescents should be a target of aggressive prevention programs and lipid management guidelines.Copyright © 2011 by the American Academy of Pediatrics. ER  - 
Prevalence of metabolic syndrome in obese children and adolescents using three different criteria and evaluation of risk factors; Objective: To compare the prevalence of the metabolic syndrome (MS) in Turkish obese children and adolescents by using three different definitions and to assess the risk factors through a retrospective evaluation of anthropometric and laboratory parameters. Methods: Sixty hundred and fourteen obese patients (307 male, 307 female; mean age: 11.3±2.5 years) were included in the study. Medical history, physical examination, anthropometric measurements, results of biochemical and hormonal assays were obtained from the hospital records. MS was diagnosed according to the modified World Health Organization (WHO), Cook and the International Diabetes Federation (IDF) consensus criteria. Results: The prevalence of MS was found to be 39%, 34% and 33% according to the modified WHO, Cook and the IDF consensus criteria, respectively. MS prevalence in patients aged 12-18 years was significantly higher than that in patients between 7 and 11 years of age (p<0.05). Pubertal patients had a significantly higher MS prevalence than the non-pubertal cases (p<0.05). MS prevalence was also significantly higher in children who had a family history of heart disease, diabetes, obesity and hypertension as well as in those who had not been breast-fed (p<0.05). Conclusion: The use of the modified WHO criteria was found to result in a slightly higher prevalence rate for MS as compared to the other criteria. The prevalence of MS in our study population was higher than that reported in most previous studies in Turkey. A positive family history, puberty and not being breastfed in infancy were shown to be significant risk factors for MS in childhood. © Journal of Clinical Research in Pediatric Endocrinology, Published by Galenos Publishing. ER  - 
Childhood obesity: Evidence of an association between plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 levels and visceral adiposity; Background: Plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1) has been considered as a cardiovascular risk factor, mainly because of its strong association with insulin resistance. Methods: To detect independent predictors of circulating PAI-1 levels in obese pediatric patients, we evaluated 86 subjects (mean age 10.7±2.8 years), 42 of whom were male (49%). Subjects were divided in two groups according to body mass index (BMI): obese subjects (n=61) and healthy non-obese controls (n=25). They were also divided by pubertal status. Besides anthropometric data, levels of PAI-1, leptin and biochemical markers of metabolic syndrome were measured. Results: The obese group had higher levels of PAI-1, leptin and biochemical markers of metabolic syndrome than non-obese controls (p<0.05). However, multivariate regression analysis showed that only puberty progression (p=0.005) and abdominal circumference/height index (p=0.002) remained independent predictors of PAI-1 levels. Conclusion: In pediatric obesity, fat mass accumulation, mainly of visceral fat, and puberty progression were related to high PAI-1 levels, which might in turn contribute to cardiovascular risk. © 2011 by Walter de Gruyter Berlin Boston. ER  - 
The role of metabolic syndrome components and adipokines in insulin resistance in prepubertal children; Objective: Insulin resistance has a central role in the pathophysiology of cardiovascular atherosclerotic disease. Adipose tissue is of capital importance in view of its production of adipo-kines. The present study aims to determine the association of metabolic syndrome components, which constitute risk factors for cardiovascular atherosclerotic disease, and leptin and adiponectin with insulin resistance in prepubertal children. Methods: We conducted a cross-sectional study involving 197 children. Of these, 112 children were obese, 36 were overweight and 49 had normal weight. The association of sex, waist circumference, Acanthosis nigricans, age, BMI Z-score, serum lipids, leptin and adipocytokines with insulin resistance [defined as the homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) index higher than or equal to 2.5] was investigated using logistic regression. Results: There was positive association of sex (female), age, BMI Z-score, triglycerides and leptin with insulin resistance (p<0.05). Conclusion: Among the conventional components of metabolic syndrome, the role of BMI Z-score and triglycerides stands out in insulin resistance of prepubertal children. Sex (female), age and leptin also showed to be of major importance. © 2011 by Walter de Gruyter Berlin Boston. ER  - 
Retinol binding protein 4 (RBP4) is primarily associated with adipose tissue mass in children; Objective. Retinol binding protein 4 (RBP4) is a novel adipocytokine that may link obesity and insulin resistance. We aimed to discriminate between primary and secondary associations of RBP4 with obesity and related disease. Design. We applied clinical and experimental approaches to investigate the association of RBP4 levels with normal development, obesity, metabolic and cardiovascular parameters in 68 lean and 61 obese children. Results. RBP4 significantly increased with age and pubertal development in healthy lean children. Obese children had significantly higher RBP4 levels compared with lean controls (30.5±1.4 vs. 26.3±1.1 mg/L, P<0.05) and there was a clear association with BMI independent of age (r=0.33, P<0.0001). RBP4 levels correlated significantly with parameters of lipid and glucose metabolism, as well as cardiovascular parameters in univariate analyses. Multiple regression analyses confirmed the strong association of RBP4 with BMI z-score and age, while the association with most metabolic and cardiovascular parameters was abolished. To assess whether the association of RBP4 with obesity may be attributable to adipogenesis, we evaluated RBP4 expression and secretion during adipocyte differentiation using the human SGBS cell line. In preadipocytes, RBP4 mRNA expression was nearly undetectable but increased during differentiation up to approximately 1600-fold (P<0.05). Likewise, RBP4 secretion was restricted to mature adipocytes, further indicating that RBP4 is strongly related to differentiation of adipocytes. Conclusion. RBP4 is a marker of adipose tissue mass and obesity already evident in children. The association of RBP4 with metabolic and cardiovascular sequelae of obesity appears to be secondary to the underlying relationship wtih body fat. © 2011 Informa Healthcare. ER  - 
Adiposity, fitness and metabolic risk in children: A cross-sectional and longitudinal study; Objective. To better understand the early development of cardiovascular disease, we examined the association of adiposity measures and cardiorespiratory fitness (CRF) with baseline values and changes in low-grade chronic inflammation and insulin resistance (IR) in school children. Methods. Eighty-three 1st and 5th grade children from a randomly selected control group of a physical activity intervention study (KISS) were prospectively studied during one academic year. Outcome variables included highly sensitive C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) and homeostasis assessment of IR (HOMA-IR). Adiposity measures included body mass index (BMI), waist circumference and the sum of skinfold thickness at four sites. CRF was assessed by the 20 m shuttle run test. All models were adjusted for age group, sex and pubertal group and included children who had a complete valid dataset for all variables. Results. Baseline metabolic markers correlated positively with measures of adiposity and inversely with CRF (all p ≤ 0.02). On average, longitudinal changes in hs-CRP concentration increased with high baseline BMI in boys and skinfold thickness in both genders (both p < 0.01). Increases in adiposity had an additional effect on these changes (adjusted R2 of the models including baseline and change in adiposity 0.49-0.53, p < 0.001). On the other hand, longitudinal changes in HOMA-IR were positively related to changes in BMI and waist circumference (p ≤ 0.03). Increases in HOMA-IR, but not in hs-CRP concentrations, were associated with low baseline CRF (p = 0.01). Conclusion. The relationship of baseline adiposity and CRF with increases in metabolic risk markers may have relevant implications for long-term cardiovascular risk. International Standard Randomised Controlled Trial Number (ISRCTN): Trial registration: isrctn.org 15360785 © 2011 Informa Healthcare. ER  - 
Growth factors, adiponectin, leptin and body mass index in pre-pubertal children born large for gestational age; Objective: To examine whether the IGF axis in pre-pubertal children born large for gestational age (LGA) differs from that of those born appropriate for gestational age (AGA). Research design and methods: The study population consisted of 98 non-obese children aged 5.5-8 yr, of whom 37 were LGA, with birth weight (BW) >90th percentile, and 61 AGA. The LGA children were subdivided into two subgroups, with BW 90th-97th percentile (no.=24) and BW >97th percentile (no.=13), respectively. Total and free IGF-I, their binding proteins 1 and 3 (IGFBP-1 and IGFBP-3), leptin, adiponectin, fasting glucose (GF) and insulin (IF) were measured, and the homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR index) was determined. Results: IGF-I, free IGF-I and IGFBP-1 were similar in both groups. Both LGA subgroups had lower IGFBP-3 levels than the AGA group (2.34±0.61 and 2.70±0.90, respectively, vs 3.92±1.1 μg/ml, p<0.01). Adiponectin was higher in the 90th-97 th percentile LGA subgroup than the AGA group (p<0.01). G F and IF were higher in the LGA group (86.5±5.6 mg/dl, p<0.01, and 5.84±2.13 μU/ml, respectively, p<0.05) than in the AGA group (82.6±7.7 mg/dl and 4.62±1.9 μU/ml, respectively), as was the HOMA-IR index (1.27±0.60 vs 0.94±0.43, p<0.01). These three parameters were also found higher in the >97 th percentile LGA subgroup. Conclusion: The IGF axis was not different in pre-pubertal children born LGA or AGA, with the exception of IGFBP-3, which was lower in the LGA children. In LGA pre-pubertal children the severity of intrauterine overgrowth was associated with the insulin resistance indices. ©2011, Editrice Kurtis. ER  - 
Prevalence of metabolic syndrome in children and adolescents who consult with obesity; Background: The higher prevalence of childhood obesity has led to search for metabolic syndrome (MS) in this age group. Aim: To study the prevalence of MS in obese children and adolescents. Material and Methods: Cross sectional study of 255 obese children and adolescents aged 11.3 ± 2.4 years, 45% males, 60% pubertal, with a body mass index (BMI) z score of 2.7 ± 0.6, who were evaluated for obesity. MS was defined as the presence of at least three of the following criteria, according to Ferranti: fasting glucose (FG) ≥ 100 mg/dl, triglycerides (TG) ≥ 100 mg/dl, HDL < 50 mg/dl, waist circumference (WC) > percentile (p) 75 and blood pressure (BP) > p90. Patients were also classified using Cook criteria: FG ≥ 100 mg/dl, TG ≥ 110 mg/dl, HDL < 40 mg/dl, WC > p 90, BP > p 90. Results: MS was observed in 45 and 22.7% of patients, according to Ferranti and Cook definitions, respectively. WC was the most frequent criteria and glucose was the most uncommon. Males had higher body mass index, WC and TG levels than females. According to Ferranti and Cook definitions, MS prevalence was 53.5 and 28% in males and 37.6 and 18.4% in females (p < 0.05). Fifty and 26.1% of pubertal patients exhibited MS vs 36.9 and 17.5% in pre-pubertal subjects (p < 0.05) using Ferranti and Cook criteria, respectively. The frequency of MS increased along with a higher BMI. Conclusions: MS is a prevalent condition in obese children and adolescents, especially in males and pubertal children. It is necessary to have a better and universal definition for MS in pediatrics including all ages, in order to be focused in obesity prevention and treatment. ER  - 
Bone age advancement in prepubertal children with obesity and premature adrenarche: Possible potentiating factors; Obesity and premature adrenarche (PA) are both associated with bone age (BA) advancement of unclear etiology, which may lead to earlier puberty, suboptimal final height and obesity in adulthood. Our objective was to understand the hormonal and anthropometric characteristics of BA advancement in a spectrum of prepubertal children with and without obesity and PA. In this cross-sectional study of 66 prepubertal children (35 PA, 31 control, 5-9 years), BMI z-score, hormonal values and response to an oral glucose tolerance test were the main outcome measures. Subjects were divided into tertiles by BA divided by chronological age (BA/CA), an index of BA advancement. Subjects in the top tertile for BA/CA had the highest dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHEAS), free testosterone (%), hemoglobin A 1C, BMI z-score, and weight (P <0.05). BMI z-score (r = 0.47), weight (r = 0.40), free testosterone (%) (r = 0.34), and DHEAS (r = 0.30) correlated with BA/CA (P 0.02). Regression analysis showed greater BA/CA in PA compared to controls after controlling for weight (0.21 0.56, P 0.004). An exploratory stepwise regression model showed that weight, estradiol, and DHEAS were the strongest predictors of BA/CA accounting for 24% of its variance. Obesity was highly associated with BA advancement in this study of prepubertal children. In addition, children with PA had greater BA/CA at any given weight when compared to controls. These findings suggest a possible hormonal factor, which potentiates the effect of obesity on BA advancement in children with obesity and/or PA. © 2011 The Obesity Society. ER  - 
Influence of body mass index on growth hormone responses to classic provocative tests in children with short stature; Background: The diagnosis of growth hormone (GH) deficiency is based on a reduced peak GH response to provocative tests. However, the provocative tests are poorly reproducible and GH secretion is regulated by physiological parameters, such as body weight and puberty. The aim of this study was to assess the influence of body mass index (BMI) on GH response to provocative testing and to analyze the reproducibility of GH stimulation test. Methods: Clinical data were collected retrospectively by chart review from the Pediatric Endocrine Unit at the Ajou University Hospital. A total of 187 subjects with short stature who completed a GH stimulation testing between 2003 and 2009 were included in the study. Results: Of the 187 subjects, 66 (35.3%) had GH deficiency, while 121 (64.7%) were categorized as having idiopathic short stature. Reliability was calculated for 48 patients with idiopathic short stature who underwent the GH stimulation test twice. A GH response 6 ≥ 10 ng/ml after retesting was found in 39 patients (81.3%) and a GH response < 10 ng/ ml was found in 9 patients (18.7%). In a stepwise multivariate analysis, BMI was a significantly independent predictor of peak GH. Elevated BMI was negatively associated with peak plasma GH levels. Conclusions: The lack of reliability of GH values in response to pharmacological stimuli should be tak-en into account in the diagnosis of GH deficiency. Also, higher BMI is associated with lower GH secretion. BMI should be measured and GH results appropriately interpreted for all subjects undergoing GH stimulation testing. © 2011 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Clinical and biological parameters in 166 boys, adolescents and adults with nonmosaic Klinefelter syndrome: A Copenhagen experience; Aim: Klinefelter syndrome (KS) is the most frequent sex chromosome disorder in males, but the phenotype varies greatly and is therefore highly under-diagnosed. We aimed at describing the phenotypic characteristics throughout life from clinical follow-up of our large cohort of patients with KS. Methods: A retrospective observational study of 166 males with nonmosaic 47,XXY KS aged 0.3-80.3 years. Data on phenotype, growth, body composition, bone mineral density, sex hormones, lipids, glycosylated haemoglobin (HbA1C) and prostate-specific antigen were recorded. In addition, histological examination of testicular biopsies from 29 patients was performed. Results: Patients with Klinefelter were taller already in childhood. All patients had smaller testicular volume and elevated luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicle-stimulating hormone levels in adulthood. Cryptorchidism was reported in 14%, gynaecomastia in 44%, and 36% required speech therapy or educational support. The abnormal biochemical parameters became evident after onset of puberty and correlated with histological findings of a gradual deterioration of seminiferous tubules and massive Leydig cell hyperplasia in adults. Conclusion: Our patients presented with a wide spectrum of the classical Klinefelter symptoms. In adulthood, two features were consistently present in every patient: small testes and high LH/testosterone ratio, often despite normal testosterone levels. Such biochemical parameters combined with small testes should lead to a suspicion of KS. © 2011 The Author(s)/Acta Pædiatrica © 2011 Foundation Acta Pædiatrica. ER  - 
Outcomes of spontaneous and assisted pregnancies in Turner syndrome: The U.S. National Institutes of Health experience; Objective: To assess fetal and maternal outcomes of pregnancies in women with Turner syndrome (TS). Design: Retrospective case series. Setting: Clinical research center. Patient(s): 276 adults with cytogenetically proven TS participating in an intramural natural history protocol. Intervention(s): None. Main Outcome Measure(s): Menstrual and obstetric histories, 50-cell karyotypes, and cardiovascular evaluation including aortic diameter measurements. Result(s): Our cohort included five women with spontaneous pregnancies and five with pregnancies using assisted reproduction (ART). All five women with spontaneous pregnancies had spontaneous puberty, despite 45,X in ≥90% of their 50-cell karyotype. Participants had a total of 13 pregnancies and 14 live births. One child had cerebral palsy; the others were chromosomally and developmentally normal. Delivery was by cesarean section in four out of seven spontaneous and six out of six ART-related pregnancies. One mother experienced preeclampsia in an ART-related twin pregnancy that required a preterm delivery; she has marked but stable aortic dilation years later. Conclusion(s): Approximately 2% of our study cohort experienced spontaneous pregnancies despite high-grade X monosomy, and a similar number achieved pregnancy via oocyte donation and ART. The potential for life-threatening cardiovascular complications warrants comprehensive screening before conception or single-embryo transfer, and caution regarding unintentional pregnancies for TS women. © 2011 by American Society for Reproductive Medicine. ER  - 
Leptin is not an obligatory signal for onset of puberty; Objectives and Study: To assess the effect of pubertal induction on leptin levels and growth indices in boys with constitutionally delayed growth and puberty. Methods: Eighty-two boys 13.6'15.5 years of age, who were referred to the growth clinic because of short stature and delayed puberty were randomly allocated to one of the following treatment groups: oxandrolone therapy, 5 mg/d for six months (n=15), testosterone depot, 100 mg monthly for 3 months, (n =15) or for 6 months, (n=20), nutritional program, (n=17), oxandrolone and nutritional program (n=15) or passive observation (n=20). Boys in the nutritional programs received 12-mg/day iron and 6000 IU/week of vitamin A. The outcome measurements were height, weight, pubertal signs, dietary intake, serum vitamin A, iron, Insulin ' like growth factor -1 and leptin levels in blood. Results: A 72 hours dietary recall revealed suboptimal intake in all participants. Six months of vitamin A supplementation induced growth acceleration similar to that seen in the oxandrolone and testosterone treated children, and significantly higher than the observation group (9.3 ±2.9 vs. 4.0±0.9 P<0.001). While in the vitamin A supplemented group, puberty (increase in testicular volume -6 ml) was induced within 6 months, no pubertal signs were noted in the other groups during this time. BMI and leptin blood levels remained constant in all groups throughout the study with no significant differences among groups (4.4±1.7 in observation group versus 4.2±1.8 in other groups). Conclusion: Onset of puberty was not associated with the expected increase in leptin levels. These data suggest that leptin is not an obligatory signal for induction of pubertal onset. ER  - 
Insulin glargine enhancement of growth velocity in prepubertal girls with diabetes mellitus type 1; Insulin glargine has been associated with activation of the human insulin-like growth factor-1 receptor to a greater extent than human insulin when present in high doses and concerns for its potential influence upon abnormal cellular growth have been debated. The use of 24-hour insulin regimens for diabetes mellitus type 1 (IDDM)control have proven highly successful. We hypothesized insulin glargine as a FDA approved 24-hour insulin for 6 years of age on up can enhance physical growth of prepubertal girls to a greater extent than the other FDA approved 24-hour insulin detemir. Methods: We performed a retrospective IRB approved review of our diabetes mellitus type 1 patients that maintained patient confidentiality while identifying 330 who employed insulin glargine and 178 who employed insulin detemir within their IDDM multiple subcutaneous insulin control regimens of at least 1 year duration. In order to reduce variability in growth patterns we chose prepubertal girls of 6 to 10 years of age who achieved glycohemoglobins (HgbA1c meeting national glycohemoglobin standard program criteria) less than or equal to 8.5% for the 6 to 4 year assessment of their 5 to 8 month interval growth rates. We arrived at 11 girls using insulin glargine and 11 girls using insulin detemir as our study groups. Growth velocity data were expressed as cm/year from 5-8 month interval data and t-statistic comparisons of means for groups of unequal variance were performed. Results: Our patient groups consisted of similar age ranges and HgbA1c levels. Their growth rates indicated a statistically significant increase for the insulin glargine group versus the insulin detemir group.Insulin Detemir versus Insulin GlargineAverage Age 7.6 + 0.2 years versus 8.2 + 0.2 yearsAverage HgbA1c 7.7 + 0.1 % versus 7.4 + 0.1 %Average Growth Height 5.9 + 0.4 cm/y versus 6.7 + 0.4 cm/y ∗Average Growth Weight 3.3 + 0.4 kg/y versus 4.2 + 0.6 kg/y∗ p<0.5Discussion: We conclude insulin glargine can be associated with a growth velocity enhancement within the prepubertal female population relative to insulin detemir 24-hour insulin regimens when similar groups of IDDM control are evaluated. The insulin glargine group did not have a significantly larger gain in weight over our retrospective study period, and the weight distributions for our study groups were similar. Longer term assessment through puberty with larger groups of both girls and boys should assist efficacy with on-going favorable safety profiles. ER  - 
Testosterone concentration in obese young males; AIM:Obesity in adult males is associated with hypogonadotropic hypogonadism. In children, body mass index (BMI) has known to affect the age of initiation of puberty in both males and females. The objective of our study was to look at the effect of obesity on plasma testosterone concentrations in post pubertal male children. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS:This was a cross-sectional case control study performed at Women and Children's Hospital of Buffalo, Endocrine and Diabetes Center. Blood samples were obtained between 8 and 10 am from 19 obese (BMI>97% for age) and 11 lean (BMI < 85% for age) males between the ages 14-20 years with Tanner staging >4. Total testosterone (TT), sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG) and C-reactive protein (CRP) levels were measured. TT was measured by LC-MS/MS, SHBG by an immunometric assay and CRP by ELISA. Free testosterone (cFT) was calculated from TT, SHBG and serum albumin. RESULTS: Obese males had a significantly lower TT, cFT and SHBG concentrations when compared to lean males: TT: 296±131 ng/dl vs 536±146 ng/dl, p<0.001; cFT: 7.5±3 vs 10.6±3.9 ng/dl; p=0.04; and SHBG 22±13 vs 46±25 nmol/l; p=0.01. After controlling for age and Tanner staging, the concentrations for total and free testosterone continued to be significantly lower in the obese males compared to the lean males. The CRP concentrations were higher in obese males when compared to the lean (2.2±1.9 vs 1.0±2.3 mg/l; p=0.001). TT (r=-0.67; p<0.001), cFT (r=-0.40; p=0.04) and SHBG (r=-0.56; p=0.002) were inversely related to BMI. CRP concentrations were inversely related to TT(r=-0.39; p=0.04) and SHBG(r=-0.40, p=0.04) and positively to BMI(r=0.65; p<0.001). CONCLUSION: Young obese post pubertal males have significantly lower TT, cFT and SHBG concentrations than those with normal BMI. The inverse correlation of these indices with CRP also suggests that these patients with lower T concentrations may be at a greater cardiovascular risk. Obese young men need to be screened for hypogonadism, systemic inflammation and potential cardiovascular risk. ER  - 
Favorable metabolic syndrome parameters and serum YKL-40 levels in children born after intracytoplasmic sperm injection (ICSI); We previously reported that children conceived with conventional in vitro fertilization (IVF) have increased arterial blood pressure and circulating triglycerides, both early components of the metabolic syndrome (MS). No discrete studies have been done in children conceived with intracytoplasmic sperm injection (ICSI). YKL-40 (also called human cartilage glycoprotein 39 or CHI3L1) is a new potential biomarker of acute and chronic inflammation. It is mainly produced by macrophages and neutrophils and, like CRP, its production is stimulated by proinflammatory cytokines. Increased circulating levels of YKL-40 have been reported in various conditions characterized by inflammation such as bacterial infections, inflammatory rheumatic and gastrointestinal diseases and cancer. Recently, it was proposed that YKL-40 might be implicated in the low-grade inflammation of atherosclerosis, while it was found elevated in patients with insulin resistance, as well as patients with diabetes type 1 and 2. We investigated the presence of metabolic syndrome parameters, including circulating YKL-40 levels, in children conceived by ICSI and naturally conceived (NC) children. Eighty-four pre-pubertal children were included in the study: 42 born after ICSI and 42 NC children, matched for age and sex. Along with anthropometric parameters (height, weight, BMI-z score, blood pressure, WHR, etc) and biochemical parameters (glucose, lipids, hormones, HOMA, hs-CRP, hsIL-6, etc), we determined serum levels of YKL-40 with a specific immuno-enzymatic technique. The main results of the study showed: a) No significant differences in anthropometric and biochemical parameters between the two groups of children studied, while ICSI children had significantly lower SBP and hs-CRP values than NC ones (p<0.03 and p<0.02, respectively), b) YKL-40 levels were significantly lower in ICSI than NC children (15.0±8.8 vs. 27.5±15.4 ng/mL, p<0.001, c) in NC children, YKL-40 correlated positively with BMI-z score (p<0.01), while d) in ICSI children YKL-40 correlated positively with SBP (p<0.03). These findings indicate that children conceived with ICSI, in contrast to those conceived with conventional IVF, have a favorable metabolic profile. Whether this discrepancy is due to the different assisted reproduction method employed and/or because these children were studied at a younger, prepubertal age, is not yet known. Prospective follow-up studies will be informative on this issue. ER  - 
Puberty is delayed or absent in duchenne muscular dystrophy boys on chronic glucocorticoid therapy; Background: Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy (DMD) is a progressive neuromuscular disorder affecting 1 in 3500 boys. Chronic glucocorticoid (GC) treatment is considered standard therapy, and slows disease progression. However, GCs cause osteoporosis, growth failure, obesity, insulin resistance and pubertal delay, compromising quality of life. Absent or delayed puberty is an important problem which negatively impacts bone health, growth, self esteem and muscle strength. The prevalence in DMD is not known, and it is frequently under-recognized and untreated.Objective: To determine the prevalence of delayed or absent puberty in DMD on GC therapy. Methods: Patients aged 13 to 19 years with confirmed DMD on chronic daily GC treated in the Cincinnati Neuromuscular Comprehensive Care Center were studied. Clinical data was obtained from an IRB-approved database and chart review. Pubertal status was assessed annually by measuring early morning total testosterone concentrations and/ or pubertal examination by an endocrinologist. Results: Of 64 boys aged ≥ 13 years, 56 (88%) had no evidence of puberty. Of 49 boys aged ≥ 14 years, 41(84%) showed no signs of puberty. Overall, 3 boys had pubertal arrest with very low testosterone levels for age or testicular size. Only 5 boys were in puberty; of these, 2 had 4 mL testes at age 14 years and 2 showed no significant progression over 2 years. Of 22 boys aged ≥ 16 years, 21 (95%) still had absent or arrested puberty. 47/59 (80%) boys with absent/ arrested puberty had severe osteoporosis. Absent puberty was distressing to 25 boys who as a result were treated with testosterone, 14 using topical gel. Conclusions: Most DMD boys on chronic daily GC do not develop spontaneous puberty, or fail to progress. The problem does not tend to improve with age. Primary providers need an increased awareness to facilitate timely referral to an endocrinologist. We recommend clinical assessment and discussion by age 12 and referral by age 14 years. Management should be proactive and interdisciplinary, with attention to related co-morbidities such as osteoporosis. ER  - 
The cardiovascular risk of girls with premature pubarche: A case-control study; Premature Pubarche (PP) in girls is defined as the development of pubic hair before the age of 8 years. Although PP has been considered a benign normal variant of puberty, some authors have described it as an early clinical feature of the metabolic syndrome. It has been shown that girls with PP are also at increased risk of developing polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). PCOS has been associated with increased cardiovascular risk factors as well as left ventricular hypertrophy and diastolic dysfunction independently of weight (1). With the aim to evaluate the cardiovascular risk in girls with PP, we investigated metabolic and hormonal variables, lipid profile and echocardiography in 20 girls with PP and 20 healthy age-matched girls, who did not differ in body mass index (20.09 ± 2.99 vs 19.43 ± 3.45 kg/m2; p = 0.319), etnia [13 (65%) vs 12 (60%) Caucasian; p = 0.744] and pubertal stage [8 (35%) vs 7 (30%) prepubertal; p = 0.744]. The PP girls showed significantly higher levels of androgens: total testosterone [0.51 (0.39 - 0.83) vs 0.35 (0.25 - 0.47) ng/mL; p = 0.001]; free androgens index (FAI) [3.91 (1.80 - 6.32) vs 2.22 (1.21 - 5.38); p = 0.019]; S-DHEA [148.20 (74.95 - 197.37) vs 80.10 (23.70 - 117) ug/dL; p = 0.005]; androstenedione [1.87 (0.75 - 2.57) vs 1.55 (0.62 - 1.81) ng/mL ; p = 0.009]. No differences were found in the lipid profile, fasting glucose and insulin, homeostasis model assessment score of insulin sensitivity (HOMA-IR) and blood pressure. The ultrasensitive c-reactive protein was 0.6 (0.19 - 1.50) in PP girls vs 0.19 (0.11 - 0.50) ng/L in controls (p= 0.068). On echocardiography patterns, differences were found in left ventricular posterior wall thickness (LVPWT): (0.66 ± 0.09 vs 0.59 ± 0.07 cm; p = 0.004) and early to late mitral flow velocity (E/A ratio): (1.82 ± 0.27 vs 1.61 ± 0.24; p = 0.013), both higher on PP group. The LVPWT was correlated with HOMA-IR (r = 0.320; p = 0.044) and androgens levels: FAI (r = 0.718; p <0.001); androstenedione (r = 0.665; p <0,001) and S-DHEA (r = 0.501; p <0.001). The E/A ratio was correlated with systolic blood pressure (r = 0.393; p = 0.013). In conclusion, our findings show that PP group has greater LVPWT and diastolic dysfunction, independently of weight, suggesting that PP girls are at higher risk for early cardiovascular disease. ER  - 
Epicardial adipose tissue volume assessed by MRI is increased in obese adolescents and correlates with cardiovascular risk factors; Background: In adults, epicardial adipose tissue (EAT) is associated with metabolic syndrome and coronary artery disease. Epicardial fat thickness is increased in obese children, but there is no data on total EAT volume and its relation to cardiovascular risk factors in children. A positive association would sustain the early development of cardiovascular problems and the need for early intervention. Objectives: We sought to determine the volume of EAT in adolescents and its relationship with obesity and other cardiovascular risk factors. Methods: We performed a cross-sectional study including 48 pubertal adolescents (13.6 ± 1.5 yr), divided into two group. Twenty-four obese subjects (13.9 ± 1.2 yr) with a mean BMI z-score of 2.6 were compared to 24 lean control subjects (13.3 ± 1.7 yr, mean BMI z-score of 0.0). Epicardial adipose tissue volume, as well as total, visceral, and subcutaneous abdominal adipose tissue volumes were obtained in all children by MRI. We measured fasting serum triglycerides, low- and high-density lipoproteins, total cholesterol, glucose and insulin levels. Office and 24-hour blood pressure measurements were collected. Results: Obese adolescents had higher epicardial fat volume than controls (49.6 ± 18.0 cm3 vs 17.6 ± 6.7 cm3, p <.0005). EAT volume was strongly correlated to obesity indexes: BMI z-score (r = 0.790, p < .0005), waist circumference (r = 0.827, p < .0005), and visceral abdominal fat volume (0.759, p < .0005). We also found a significant correlation between EAT volume and the following cardiovascular risk factors: fasting insulin (r = .583, p < .0005), HOMA-IR (r = .536, p < .0005), triglycerides (r = .534, p < .0005), HDL-cholesterol (r = -.477, p = .001), and SBP 24h (r = .316, p = .036). Moreover, obese subjects with metabolic syndrome had higher EAT volume than those without (63.5 ± 21.4 cm3 vs 44.9 ± 14.6 cm3, p = .026) Conclusions: Epicardial adipose tissue volume is increased in obese adolescents, and correlates with visceral fat and cardiovascular risk factors, in particular metabolic syndrome. EAT may be associated to increased risk of cardiac event and cardiovascular complications in adulthood, but further studies are required. ER  - 
Menarche delay and menstrual irregularities persist in adolescents with type 1 diabetes; Background: Menarche delay has been reported in adolescent females with type 1 diabetes (T1DM), perhaps due to poor glycemic control. We sought to compare age at menarche between adolescent females with T1DM and national data, and to identify factors associated with delayed menarche and menstrual irregularity in T1DM.Methods: This was a cross-sectional study and females ages 12- 24 years (n = 228) with at least one menstrual period were recruited during their outpatient diabetes clinic appointment. The National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) 2001-2006 data (n = 3690) for females 12-24 years were used as a control group.Results: Age at menarche was later in adolescent females with T1DM diagnosed prior to menarche (12.81 +/- 0.09 years) (mean+/- SE) (n = 185) than for adolescent females diagnosed after menarche (12.17 0.19 years, p = 0.0015) (n = 43). Average age of menarche in NHANES was 12.27 +/- 0.038 years, which was significantly earlier than adolescent females with T1DM prior to menarche (p < 0.0001) and similar to adolescent females diagnosed after menarche (p = 0.77). Older age at menarche was negatively correlated with BMI z-score (r = -0.23 p = 0.0029) but not hemoglobin A1c (A1c) at menarche (r = 0.01, p = 0.91). Among 181 adolescent females who were at least 2 years post menarche, 63 (35%) reported usually or always irregular cycles.Conclusion: Adolescent females with T1DM had a later onset of menarche than both adolescent females who developed T1DM after menarche and NHANES data. Menarche age was negatively associated with BMI z-score, but not A1c. Despite improved treatment in recent decades, menarche delay and high prevalence of menstrual irregularity is still observed among adolescent females with T1DM. © 2011 Schweiger et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Obesity and insulin resistance in women with polycystic ovary syndrome; Objective. To evaluate the impact of obesity and various phenotypes of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) on the insulin sensitivity index (ISI) and insulin resistance (IR). Methods. ISI and IR from 273 women in four phenotypes of PCOS and control groups were evaluated retrospectively. Results. The ISI and the percentage of IR were not significantly different among discrete phenotypes of PCOS groups and normal controls. Obesity (OR = 14.0, 95% CI (Confidence Interval), 7.5-26.5) results in a higher risk for developing insulin resistance than hyperandrogenemia (OR = 2.1, 1.3-3.6), oligomenorrhea (OR = 1.8, 1.0-3.3) and polycystic ovary morphology (PCOM) (OR = 1.4, 0.8-2.7). Conclusion. The ISI did not differ significantly among the various phenotypes of PCOS. In comparison with hyperandrogenemia, chronic anovulation, and PCOM, obesity was the dominant risk factor in determining insulin resistance in women with PCOS. © 2011 Informa UK, Ltd. ER  - 
Independent relationships of obesity and insulin resistance with serum proinsulin level in prepubertal children with normal glucose tolerance; Objectives: We compared the fasting serum proinsulin levels in lean, overweight, and obese prepubertal children with normal glucose tolerance (NGT). We also evaluated the relationship between fasting proinsulin level and indices of insulin resistance (IR). Subjects and methods: One hundred nine prepubertal children (mean age, 8.6 yr) with NGT were included. The indices of IR included the homeostasis model assessment of IR (HOMA-IR) and adiponectin level. We recorded the presence of one or more of the following metabolic derangements: triglycerides ≥150 mg/dL, HDL-cholesterol <35 mg/dL, and hypertension. Results: Fasting proinsulin levels significantly increased with body mass index (BMI) category from lean (n = 52, 7.22 ± 3.01 pmol/L) to overweight (n = 14, 12.31 ± 2.91 pmol/L) to obese (n = 43, 16.51 ± 7.27 pmol/L) (p < 0.001), after controlling for HOMA-IR. The ratio of the fasting levels of proinsulin to insulin did not differ significantly between the three groups. Both BMI z-score and HOMA-IR were significant independent factors related to the fasting proinsulin level (p < 0.001 for each). A significant inverse association was found between fasting proinsulin level and adiponectin level (r = -0.464, p < 0.001). Children with NGT who had at least one metabolic derangement had higher proinsulin levels than those without metabolic derangement. Conclusions: Obesity itself or obesity-related IR may independently impose β-cell overload on prepubertal children with NGT, leading to hyperproinsulinemia without causing failure to convert proinsulin to insulin when some degree of IR and metabolic derangement appears. © 2011 John Wiley & Sons A/S. ER  - 
Adiponectin is associated with favorable lipoprotein profile, independent of BMI and insulin resistance, in adolescents; Context: Children with obesity and insulin resistance (IR) have decreased adiponectin and have increased cardiovascular risk. Adiponectin has antiatherogenic effects, but its mechanism is unclear. Objectives: Our objectives were 1) to compare lipoprotein subclass particles among obese and lean adolescents and delineate their relationships with IR and 2) to measure relationships between adiponectin and lipoproteins and their dependence on body mass index (BMI) and/or IR. Design, Setting, Patients, and Main Outcome Measures: This was a cross-sectional study of 57 obese and 38 lean pubertal adolescents, measuring lipoprotein subclass particles (nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy), lipids, adiponectin, and homeostasis model assessment of IR (HOMA-IR). Results: Obese had higher low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol (P = 0.018), higher small LDL particles (LDL-P) (P<0.0005), smaller LDL-P size (P<0.0005), smaller high-density lipoprotein particle (HDL-P) size (P<0.0005),lower HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) (P<0.0005), and higher small HDL-P (P=0.009) compared with lean. HOMA-IR was higher in obese than lean (P<0.0005) and positively associated with triglycerides, large very LDL-P, and small HDL-P and negatively with HDL-P size in obese. Adiponectin was lower in obese than lean (P<0.0005) and was positively associated with LDL-P size, HDL-P size, and HDL-C and negatively with triglycerides, small LDL-P, large very LDL-P, and small HDL-P in obese. Using linear regression adjusting for demographics, Tanner stage, BMI, and HOMA-IR in all adolescents, adiponectin was positively associated with LDL-P size (P = 0.028), HDL-P size (P < 0.0005), and HDL-C (P = 0.042) and negatively with small LDL-P (P = 0.009) and small HDL-P (P = 0.004). Conclusions: Obese adolescents have lower adiponectin levels than lean, and a more atherogenic lipoprotein profile, associated with increased IR. Adiponectin was inversely associated with atherogenic lipoproteins in adolescents, even after adjusting for obesity and IR. This is the first such report in children, and suggests a relationship between adiponectin and lipoproteins in adolescents independent of BMI and IR. Copyright © 2011 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Vitamin D status, adiposity, and lipids in black American and Caucasian children; Objective: The aim of the study was to examine the relationship between vitamin D status, total and abdominal adiposity, and lipids in black and white children. Methods: Plasma 25-hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D], adiposity [body mass index (BMI), percentage of total body fat, visceral adipose tissue (VAT), sc adipose tissue (SAT)], and fasting lipids were assessed in healthy obese and nonobese 8- to 18-yr-old black and white children. Results: We studied 237 children (mean ± SD age, 12.7 ± 2.2 yr; 47% black, 47% obese, and 43% male). Mean 25(OH)D concentration for the entire cohort was 19.4 ± 7.4 ng/ml. The majority of the children were vitamin D deficient [25(OH)D < 20 ng/ml; 73% blacks, 40% whites]. Plasma 25(OH)D was associated inversely with BMI, BMI percentile, percentage of total body fat, VAT, and SAT and positively with HDL cholesterol in the entire cohort. VAT was higher in vitamin D-deficient whites, and SAT was higher in vitamin D-deficient blacks compared with their respective vitamin D-non-deficient counterparts. Race, season, pubertal status, and VAT were independent significant predictors of 25(OH)D status. Conclusions: In black and white youth examined together, lower levels of 25(OH)D are associated with higher adiposity measures and lower HDL. Furthermore, vitamin D deficiency is associated with higher VAT in whites and greater SAT in blacks. Besides therapeutic interventions to correct the high rates of vitamin D deficiency in youth, benefits of vitamin D optimization on adiposity measures and lipid profile need to be explored. Copyright © 2011 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Clustering of metabolic syndrome risk factors associated with lifestyle factors and serum leptin in Korean children.; The present study investigated the relationships among metabolic risk factors, major lifestyle factors, and serum cytokines in a sample of Korean children. In a cross-sectional design, we studied a total of 275 children (130 boys and 145 girls) aged 12-13 years. Measured variables included anthropometrics, blood pressures (BP), VO2max, physical activity (PA), dietary intakes, lipids, glucose, and insulin. We explored the extent to which dietary intakes, VO2max, PA, and serum cytokines explained variance in a clustered risk score, which is a sum of Z scores for waist circumference, BP, TG, HDLC, and HOMA-IR, using a stepwise linear regression by blocks. VO2max, vigorous PA (VPA), and leptin were independent predictors for the clustered risk score while adjusting for age and Tanner stage. Our findings suggest that the clustered risk score is associated not only with low levels of VO2max and VPA, but also with elevated serum leptin in Korean children. ER  - 
The association between cardiac autonomic neuropathy with metabolic and other factors in subjects with type 1 and type 2 diabetes; Background: Cardiac autonomic neuropathy (CAN) is a common diabetes complication associated with poor prognosis. This cross-sectional study aimed to examine for associations between CAN and metabolic and other parameters in patients with either type 1 (T1DM) or type 2 (T2DM) diabetes. Patients and Methods: A total of 600 patients (T1DM, n=200; T2DM, n=400) were recruited. Participants with overt nephropathy, macrovascular complications, and treated hypertension were excluded. CAN was diagnosed when two of the four classical autonomic function tests were abnormal. Results: CAN was diagnosed in 42.0% and in 44.3% of the participants with T1DM and T2DM, respectively. Multivariate logistic regression analysis demonstrated that, in T1DM, the odds [OR (95% confidence intervals)] of CAN increased with higher waist circumference [1.36 (1.01-2.02)], systolic blood pressure [1.16 (1.03-1.31)], hypertension [1.19 (1.03-2.67)], smoking [1.10 (1.12-1.40], fasting glucose [1.01 (1.00-1.01)], HbA1c [1.69 (1.07-2.76)], pubertal diabetes onset [1.08 (1.03-1.24)], LDL cholesterol [1.01(1.00-1.02)], triglycerides [1.58 (1.24-1.48)], retinopathy [1.13 (1.04-1.41)], peripheral neuropathy [2.53 (1.07-2.99)], glomerular filtration rate [0.93 (0.87-0.99)], and microalbuminuria [1.24 (1.12-1.36)]. The same analysis in T2DM demonstrated that the odds of CAN increased with higher waist circumference [1.08 (1.00-1.39)], systolic blood pressure [1.06 (1.02-1.12)], hypertension [1.50 (1.24-2.03)], smoking [1.22 (1.14-1.49)], diabetes duration [1.20 (1.09-1.34)], fasting glucose [1.21 (1.12-1.31)], HbA1c [1.25 (1.08-1.45)], LDL cholesterol [1.35 (1.04-1.75)], triglycerides [1.30 (1.00-1.68)], retinopathy [1.24 (1.16-1.35)], peripheral neuropathy [1.79 (1.07-2.01)], glomerular filtration rate [0.96 (0.95-0.97)], and microalbuminuria [1.20 (1.14-1.36)]. Conclusions: CAN is common in diabetes and is associated with modifiable factors including central fat distribution, hypertension, dyslipidemia, worse diabetes control, and smoking, and with the other microvascular complications of diabetes. Our findings emphasize the need for a multifactorial intervention for the prevention of CAN. © 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Differential impact of impaired fasting glucose versus impaired glucose tolerance on cardiometabolic risk factors in multi-ethnic overweight/obese children; We aimed to investigate the prevalence of impaired fasting glucose (IFG) and impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), and their associations with cardiometabolic risk factors, according to ethnicity in a large obese paediatric cohort. A 75-g oral glucose tolerance test was performed in 1,007 overweight/obese Dutch children of multi-ethnic origin, referred to the obesity outpatient clinics of two Dutch hospitals in Amsterdam (mean age, 11.4 ± 3.2 years; 50.7% boys). Anthropometric parameters and blood samples were collected, and cardiometabolic risk factors were assessed. The cohort consisted of Dutch native (26.0%), Turkish (23.7%), Moroccan (18.8%) and children of 'other' (31.5%) ethnicity. The prevalence of IFG was significantly higher in Moroccan and Turkish children as compared to Dutch native children (25.4% and 19.7% vs. 11.8%, respectively, P < 0.05). IGT was most frequently present in Turkish and Dutch native children, relative to Moroccan children (6.3% and 5.3% vs. 1.6%, P < 0.05). Besides pubertal status and ethnicity, components of 'metabolic syndrome' (MetS) which were associated with IGT, independent of hyperinsulinaemia, were hypertension [odds ratio (OR), 2.3; 95% CI, 1.1-4.9] while a trend was seen for high triglycerides (OR, 2.0; 95% CI, 0.9-4.3). When analyzing components of MetS which were associated with IFG, only low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol was significantly associated (OR, 1.7; 95% CI, 1.2-2.5) independent of hyperinsulinaemia. In conclusion, in a Dutch multi-ethnic cohort of overweight/obese children, a high prevalence of IFG was found against a low prevalence of IGT, which differed in their associations with cardiometabolic risk factors. © 2010 The Author(s). ER  - 
Stress and abdominal fat: Preliminary evidence of moderation by the cortisol awakening response in hispanic peripubertal girls; Stress and the cortisol awakening response (CAR) have been independently linked to increases in abdominal fat depots. This cross-sectional study examined the CAR as a moderator of the association between stress, visceral adipose tissue (VAT), and subcutaneous abdominal adipose tissue (SAT) in a sample (N = 23) of female peripubertal Hispanic girls aged from 8 to 11. The study included: (i) monitored salivary cortisol collection, (ii) VAT and SAT obtained by multislice magnetic resonance imaging, and (iii) a stressful life events checklist with four domain-specific subscales: peer, family, personal, and school. Regression analysis indicated an interaction of school-related life events and CAR on VAT and SAT, with greater numbers of school-related events being related to greater VAT and SAT for girls with high CAR, but no association with VAT or SAT for girls with low CAR. Similar to job stress in adults, school-related stress in children may contribute to central adiposity, especially for girls with high CAR. © 2011 The Obesity Society. ER  - 
A cross-sectional study of vitamin D and insulin resistance in children; Objective: Vitamin D deficiency is common and has been associated with several non-bone/calcium related outcomes. The objective was to determine the association between serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25-OH-D) and fasting glucose, insulin and insulin sensitivity in obese and non-obese children. Patients/setting/design: Cross-sectional study of 85 children aged 4-18 years recruited from the local Philadelphia community and Sleep Center. Main outcomes measures: Fasting blood glucose, insulin and 25-OH-D were measured. Insulin resistance was calculated using homeostasis model assessment (HOMA). Body mass index standard deviation scores (BMI-Z) and pubertal stage were determined. Multivariable linear regression was used to determine factors associated with decreased 25-OH-D and to determine the association of vitamin D with HOMA. Results: Median 25-OH-D was 52 nmol/l (IQR 34-76). 26% of subjects were vitamin D sufficient (25-OH-D ≥75 nmol/l), 27% had intermediate values (50-75 nmol/l) and 47% were insufficient (25-50 nmol/l) or frankly deficient (<25 nmol/l). In the multivariable model, older age, higher BMI-Z and African-American race were all negatively associated with 25-OH-D; summer was positively associated with 25-OH-D. Lower 25-OH-D was associated with higher fasting blood glucose, insulin and HOMA after adjustment for puberty and BMI-Z. Conclusion: Low 25-OH-D, common in the paediatric population at risk for diabetes (older children, African-Americans, children with increasing BMI-Z) is associated with worse insulin resistance. ER  - 
Isolated premature pubarche: Report of anthropometric and metabolic profile of a Brazilian cohort of girls; Aims: Isolated premature pubarche (PP) is commonly caused by premature adrenarche (PA), and links between PA, children born small for gestational age (SGA) and insulin resistance have already been made in some populations. Subjects and Methods: We assessed anthropometric data, pubertal landmarks and metabolic profile at diagnosis and during the study in 52 girls with the diagnosis of isolated PP from a Brazilian cohort. Results: The prevalence of obesity (25%), dyslipidemia (63.5%) and born SGA children (21.2%) was greater among PP girls than in the reference population (4, 46.8 and 10%, respectively). There was no increase in the prevalence of insulin resistance and no correlation with birth weight, onset of PP or other pubertal signs. The Z score of heights at PP diagnosis was greater than the Z score of mid-parental height, but achieved final height (n = 16 girls, p = 0.002) was similar to normal population standards and to the predicted final height based on bone age at PP diagnosis (p = 0.08). Thelarche and menarche occurred at normal age, just earlier than expected. Conclusion: The prevalence of children born SGA, obese and dyslipidemic, but not of hyperinsulinemic children, was high in our cohort of PP girls. Puberty started earlier than usual but within the normal range. Copyright © 2011 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
High HOMA-IR, adjusted for puberty, relates to the metabolic syndrome in overweight and obese Chilean youths; Objective: To determine how the homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) is related to metabolic risk in a sample of overweight and obese Chilean youths accounting for Tanner stage. Methods: A cross-sectional study assessing 486 overweight and obese youths (aged 5-15 years) recruited from the University of Chile, Pediatric Obesity Clinic. We measured anthropometry, Tanner stage, HOMA-IR, and laboratory tests related to metabolic risk. HOMA-IR was categorized by quartile for children (Tanner stages I and II) and adolescents (Tanner stage III and above) from a normative Chilean sample. Results: Children and adolescents with HOMA-IR in the highest quartile were likely to have higher body mass index (BMI) Z-scores, elevated waist circumference, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, and triglycerides and low high-density lipoprotein. HOMA-IR had good negative predictive value for characteristics of the metabolic syndrome (MetS; 0.82). In a multivariate regression model, BMI Z-score [odds ratio (OR) 1.5] and HOMA-IR (OR 3.3) predicted 22% of the variance for the MetS, with 36% of the explained variance attributed to HOMA-IR. Conclusions: In a large clinical sample of overweight and obese Chilean youths, HOMA-IR ≥75th percentile was significantly associated with the cluster of factors referred to as the MetS. We emphasize the importance of establishing percentiles for HOMA-IR based on a normative sample and taking Tanner stage into account. Although BMI is easy to assess and interpret with minimal costs in a clinical setting, adding HOMA-IR explains more of the variance in the MetS than BMI Z-score alone. © 2011 John Wiley & Sons A/S. ER  - 
Proinsulin and the proinsulin/insulin ratio in overweight and obese children and adolescents: Relation to clinical parameters, insulin resistance, and impaired glucose regulation; Background: In adults with impaired glucose regulation (IGR) or type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), proinsulin (PI) and its ratio to insulin (ins; PI/I ratio) are frequently elevated. Objective: Here we assessed the relationship among fasting PI, clinical parameters, and carbohydrate metabolism, a potential difference of the PI/I ratio between overweight and obese youth with or without IGR in an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and the predictive power of PI levels for IGR. Design and Patients: In a cross-sectional study, data of n = 259 children and adolescents attending our obesity clinic were studied. Methods: Fasting PI levels were determined in all patients and matched to the standard assessment of obesity. In n = 154 subjects at risk for T2DM, an OGTT was performed sampling for glucose, ins, and PI. Main outcome measures: ins, glucose, PI, PI/I ratio, insulin resistance [homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance index (HOMA-IR)]. Results: Puberty (by Tanner) and relative body weight [body mass index (BMI)-standard deviation of BMI (SDS)] showed a linear relationship to fasting PI levels (p < 0.001 for Tanner I vs. II-V; p = 0.04 and p = 0.026 for BMI-SDS <2 vs. 2-2.5 and 2-2.5 vs >2.5, respectively). Subjects with ins resistance (HOMA-IR >95th percentile, n = 140) had higher fasting PI levels than those without (p < 0.001), with no significant difference in fasting PI/I ratio (p > 0.05). As compared to subjects with normal glucose regulation, subjects with IGR (n = 35) had higher fasting PI (p = 0.001) and an increased PI/I ratio, both during fasting and at 30 min during OGTT (p = 0.049 and p = 0.014, respectively). Conclusions: Children and adolescents with IGR have disproportionately elevated PI levels, both during fasting and after acute glucose stimulation indicating β-cell dysfunction. © 2011 John Wiley & Sons A/S. ER  - 
Age of onset of puberty and menarche in type 1 diabetic girls; Introduction: Delayed pubertal maturation has been reported in girls with type 1 diabetes. Objectives: To report the age of onset of puberty and menarche in girls with type 1 diabetes diagnosed before puberty. To investigate clinical factors affecting the occurrence of puberty and menarche in this population. Patients and methods: A retrospective study of 38 girls with type 1 diabetes, all of them on intensive insulin therapy since diagnosis and followed up at our hospital until menarche.Age of onset of puberty and age of menarche were collected as dependent variables, and time since onset of diabetes, glycosylated hemoglobin levels, daily insulin requirements, and body mass index standard deviation score were collected as independent variables. Variables are expressed as mean ± standard deviation. Multivariate linear regression models tested the associations between dependent and independent variables. Statistical analysis was performed using SPSS software. Results: Thirty-eight girls were enrolled. Age of onset of puberty was 10.4 ± 1.1 years and age of menarche, 12.6 ± 1.0 years. Time since diabetes onset influenced age at onset of puberty (β = +0.12; p = 0.047). A negative association was found between body mass index standard deviation score and age at menarche (β = -0.39; p = 0.014). Conclusion: Diabetes duration and body mass index were correlated with age of onset of puberty and age of menarche in girls with type 1 diabetes. © 2010 SEEN. ER  - 
Growth and metabolic profiles of central Australian aboriginal children born to mothers with diabetes in pregnancy - A pilot study; Background: There is a paucity of data regarding the relationship between maternal diabetes, childhood obesity and early onset diabetes in central Australian Aboriginal children. Aims: To conduct a pilot cross-sectional observational study comparing anthropometric and metabolic blood parameters of 5-6 year olds whose mothers had gestational diabetes or pre-existing type 2 diabetes, with age-matched controls (some non-Aboriginal) whose mothers had normal prenatal glucose tolerance tests. Methods: Ten case and eight eligible control children were recruited from urban and remote communities in central Australia. WHO growth standard z-scores for weight, height and BMI were obtained. Other anthropometry including skin fold thickness and waist circumference was measured. Blood glucose, HbAlC, total and HDL cholesterol, insulin and C-peptide levels were tested, fasting when possible. Kruskal-Wallis equality-of-populations rank testing was used to assess differences between groups. Composite weight growth curves derived from retrospective hospital and community growth data was compared using mixed-effects multi-linear regression. Findings: There were no statistically significant differences between cases and controls apart from cholesterol: HDL ratios, where median values were 4.0 and 3.5, for cases and controls respectively (p = 0.05). Composite weight growth curves did not differ significantly between groups although Z-score adjusted analysis is pending. Conclusions: In this pilot study assessing effects of maternal diabetes on childhood growth and metabolic parameters in 5-6 year olds, only total cholesterol: HDL ratios differed significantly between the two groups. This has uncertain clinical implications. Further research is feasible and necessary. A prospective longitudinal study following central Australian Aboriginal children through childhood and into puberty may elucidate important effects, risk factors and possible preventative measures. ER  - 
Sugar-sweetened beverage intake and metabolic syndrome omponents among children at high risk of obesity; Introduction: Sugar-sweetened beverage (SSB) consumption is linked to weight gain and metabolic syndrome components (MSC) among children. We examined the relationship between SSB and MSC and determined if this association was modified by obesity and impaired glucose tolerance (IGT). Methods: As part of the QUALITY cohort, we recruited 632 Caucasian children 8-11 years, at high risk of obesity. Measures included three 24-hour dietary recalls, body mass index (BMI), fat mass index (FMI) determined by DXA, physical activity (accelerometer), blood pressure (BP), oral glucose tolerance test, and fasting plasma lipids. We used multivariable regression, with physical activity, sex, fat mass and tanner stage as covariates, to examine cross-sectional associations between SSB intake and MSC in children above and below the 95th BMI percentile and those with and without IGT. Results: The mean daily SSB intake was 119 ± 139 ml. In children ≥ 95th BMI percentile (n=143), a 1 SD increase in SSB was associated with a 5.7 percentile increase in systolic BP (p<0.01) and 0.5 kg/m2 increase in FMI (p<0.03). In children with IGT (n=49), 1 SD increase in SSB consumption was associated with a 6.7 percentile increase in systolic SBP (p<0.05), a 0.2 mmol/L increase in triglycerides (p<0.001), and a 1.5 kg/m2 increase in FMI (p<0.01). These associations were not observed among children <95th BMI percentile or those without IGT. Conclusions: Our results suggest that the magnitude of the association between SSB consumption and MSC varies as a function of body weight category and glucose tolerance status in children. Obese children and children with IGT may benefit from specific dietary counseling to restrict SSB, in order to ameliorate their cardiometabolic health. ER  - 
The association between physical activity, fitness and insulin sensitivity in a cohort of school-aged children with an obese parent; Introduction: Our objective was to examine the association between physical activity (PA) and fitness on insulin sensitivity (IS); to determine whether these relationships differed across sexes, and to assess whether there was an interaction between PA and fitness. Methods: Baseline data were obtained from the QUALITY cohort, an ongoing longitudinal cohort of 632 Caucasian youth, aged eight to 10 years at recruitment, with at least one obese biological parent. IS was measured by two fasting indices, insulin and HOMA-IR, and an OGTT-based index, Matsuda ISI. Fitness was measured by VO2 peak; PA was measured over seven days using an accelerometer (counts per minute). Potential confounders included age, sex, fat mass index [FMI=total body fat measured by DXA (kg)/height (m)2] and Tanner stage (pre-pubertal/pubertal). Results: Increasing fitness levels were associated with improved IS as measured by Matsuda ISI (p=0.022), but not with HOMA-IR or fasting insulin. PA was not associated with IS after controlling for age, sex, fitness, Tanner stage, and FMI. Increasing age and FMI predicted poorer IS across all measures. Girls tended to have poorer IS as measured by Matsuda-ISI. We found no significant interaction between sex and fitness, sex and PA, or fitness and PA. Conclusions: In children with an obese parent, fitness is associated with improved IS measured by the OGTT derived measure of IS, independently of PA, age, FMI, Tanner stage, and sex. PA did not appear to be an independent predictor of IS. Longitudinal studies are required to assess how these associations change over time. ER  - 
Short sleep duration is independently associated with overweight and obesity in Canadian children; Objective: To investigate the association between sleep duration and obesity. Methods: The Quebec Adiposity and Lifestyle Investigation in Youth (QUALITY) study is a longitudinal investigation of Caucasian children who have at least one obese biological parent. Children (n=550, mean (SD) age: 9.6 (0.9) years who provided complete data at baseline were included in the analyses. Objective measures of adiposity (BMI z-score, waist circumference and per cent body fat measured by dualenergy X-ray absorptiometry), sleep duration, and physical activity (accelerometer over seven days), and diet (24-hour food recalls) were collected. The children were categorized into four groups according to their sleep duration: <10 hours, 10-10.9 hours, 11-11.9 hours, and ≥12 hours of sleep per night. Results: We observed a U-shaped relationship between sleep duration and all adiposity indices. However, dietary and physical activity indicators did not significantly differ between sleep categories, including macronutrient intake, snacking, screen time, and physical activityintensity. After adjusting for age, sex, Tanner stage, socioeconomic status, and parental BMI, only short-duration sleepers (<10 hours) had an increased odds of overweight/obesity (OR = 2.08, 95% CI 1.16-3.67). Addition of total energy intake and physical activity to the model did not change the association substantially (OR = 2.05, 95% CI 1.15-3.63). Conclusion: The present study provides evidence that short sleep duration is an independent risk factor for overweight and obesity in children. ER  - 
Prenatal exposure to maternal cigarette smoking may increase the risk for obesity through fetal programming of energy and fat intake; Epidemiological studies suggest that prenatal exposure to maternal cigarette smoking (PEMCS) increases risk for obesity, beginning in childhood and adolescence. The underlying mechanisms are unknown. Here, we examined whether PEMCS is associated with altered energy and macronutrient intake in early and late puberty. We studied 592 adolescents (12 to 18years old) recruited from a French- Canadian founder population, half of whom were exposed prenatally to maternal cigarette smoking (11.4 ± 0.3 cigarettes/day throughout gestation). Adiposity was measured with anthropometry, bioimpedance and magnetic resonance imaging; energy and macronutrient intake was assessed with a 24-hour food recall conducted by a qualified nutritionist; and physical activity was examined with a validated questionnaire. We found that exposed vs. non-exposed individuals (matched at recruitment by maternal education) were lighter at birth (-309 ± 41 g, p<0.0001), not different in early puberty (-0.3 ± 0.93 kg of body fat, p=0.70) and more obese in late puberty (+1.9 ± 0.65 kg of body fat, p=0.004). In both early and late puberty, exposed vs. non- exposed showed higher energy intake (+268 ± 74 kcal/day, p=0.0003), and in late puberty, enhanced fat preference (+2.6 ± 0.83 % of energy intake, p=0.002). Exposed and non-exposed did not differ in physical activity (-0.1 ± 0.19 exercise session/week, p=0.54). These relationships remained unchanged after adjusting for sex, socioeconomic status, birth weight, and length of breastfeeding. Our results suggest that PEMCS may be an early-life environment that promotes the development of obesity in the offspring through, at least in part, fetal programming of energy intake and fat preference. ER  - 
Atopic asthma protects against the development of insulin resistance in pre-adolescence; Rationale: Consistent with the Th1/Th2 paradigm, several cross-sectional studies have reported an inverse association between asthma or atopy, and type 1 diabetes (T1D) in children. This hypothesis is supported by evidence of reduced bronchoconstriction in TID. On the other hand, the prevalence of both asthma and T1D is increasing among pre-adolescents in Western countries. Recently, insulin resistance (IR) has been posited to play a role in T1D. This led us to investigate the nature of the association between asthma and/or atopy in childhood and the development of IR in pre-adolescence, using a prospective study design. Methods: For 461 children in the Study of Asthma, Genes and Environment (SAGE) cohort, IR was calculated from the HOMA-IR index, derived from fasting blood glucose and insulin levels. Asthma was diagnosed by a pediatric allergist, and atopy was identified by skin prick testing. Overweight was defined as a body mass index > 85th percentile for age and gender. The association between asthma phenotypes at age 9 and IR at age 12 was determined by logistic regression as crude and adjusted odds ratio (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI). Additional covariates included puberty, birth weight, maternal distress and breastfeeding. Results: Independent of gender, puberty, overweight and existing IR, children with atopic asthma at age 9 had a 73% lower risk of IR at age 12, compared with healthy children (OR=0.27, 95%CI 0.11-0.67). This decreased risk persisted after further adjustment for low birth weight, duration of exclusive breast-feeding and postnatal maternal distress (OR=0.24, 95%CI 0.10-0.63). The risk of IR was unchanged for children with non-atopic asthma, or atopy alone. Overweight status and IR at age 10 were the only other independent predictors of IR at age 12. Conclusion: We found that children with atopic asthma at age 9 were less likely to develop IR at age 12. While the biological mechanisms remain to be determined, our findings are consistent with recent reports linking reduced ACP1 phosphatase activity to atopy, low birth weight, lower serum glucose and enhanced insulin signaling. Our results are of public health interest, given the rising morbidity and mortality associated with asthma, atopy and IR in children and adolescents. ER  - 
Risk factors for diabetic eye complications in short duration (1-10 years) of type 1 diabetes in warmia and Mazury, Poland; Introduction. Prospective study. Purpose. To estimate the risk factors of diabetic eye disease in short duration (1-10 years) of type 1 diabetes mellitus (DM1) in the Warmia and Mazury region of Poland. Methods. We report on 143 out of the 331 registered patients (69 female and 74 male) with 1-10 years DM1 duration registered in Olsztyn Diabetic Centre. After visual acuity and intraocular pressure were measured, complete detailed ophthalmic examination was carried out with fully dilated pupils in order to establish diabetes-related eye complications. Metabolic control was also determined: HBA1c, body mass index, blood pressure, renal function, and lipids were measured. Statistical analysis was carried out to find the relation between risk factors and eye complications. Results. Twenty-three patients (42 eyes) with diabetic eye complications were found (13 female and 10 male). The average age was 24 years and average DM1 duration was 6.9 years. The average age at onset of DM1 was 16.8. The following eye complications were observed: diabetic retinopathy (15 patients, 26 eyes), diabetic maculopathy (1 patient), cataract (7 patients, 13 eyes), and glaucoma (2 patients). We found correlations between diabetic eye complications and DM1 duration as well as between the time of diabetes onset and puberty and eye complications. No relations between diabetic eye complications and metabolic control were observed. Conclusions. We found that 15% of all patients with DM1 had diabetic eye complications. The most common eye complication was diabetic retinopathy. Risk factors for diabetic eye complications were DM1 duration and DM1 onset after puberty (≥13 years). ER  - 
Frequency and influencing factors of ketoacidosis at diabetes onset in children and adolescents - A long-term study between 1995 and 2009; Background: Diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA) is a frequent acute complication at onset of type 1 diabetes. It is assumed that increased public awareness about diabetes symptoms may reduce DKA rate at diabetes onset. To investigate the time-dependent trend in DKA prevalence we analysed the frequency and determinants of DKA at disease onset over 15 years in pediatric patients. Patients and Methods: The prevalence of DKA at disease onset was analysed in individuals aged ≤18 years treated for the first time from 1995-2009 within 7 days after diagnosis in pediatric centers. Simple and multiple logistic regression analysis was performed to investigate influencing factors on DKA prevalence. Change of the probability of ketoacidosis over years were modelled in the logistic regression as linear trend. Results: 16 562 individuals from 170 institutions were studied with a mean age of 9.2±4.2 years. DKA (pH <7.3) was present in 20.8% of patients without a significant trend between 1995 and 2009 (p=0.222). DKA prevalence was higher in children ≤5 years (26.3%) and in the age group 10-15 years (21.7%) than in individuals aged 5-10 years (16.4%) and 15-18 years (16.9%, p<0.001). Girls had DKA more often than boys (21.2% vs. 19.3%, p=0.002). DKA frequency was increased in individuals with migration background (26.5% vs. 19.2%, p<0.001). Conclusions: DKA prevalence at diabetes onset was constant at about 21% during the last 15 years. Very young children, pubertal adolescents, girls and individuals with migration background are at higher risk for DKA at diagnosis. To prevent DKA earlier diagnosis of type 1 diabetes is warranted especially in these patient groups. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart New York. ER  - 
Age at last birth and endometrial cancer risk: Pooled analysis in the Epidemiology of Endometrial Cancer Consortium; Some studies show that childbearing at older age is associated with lower risk of endometrial cancer, but whether the association is independent of number of children or other factors still requires clarification. We pooled individual-level data from epidemiologic studies in the Epidemiology of Endometrial Cancer Consortium (E2C2). Data on age at last birth and/or last pregnancy were available from 14 studies: 11 case-control studies and 3 cohort studies; the latter were analyzed using a nested case-control design. A total of 9,613 endometrial cancer cases and 17,112 controls were included in the analysis. The majority of women were White (82%) and older than 55 years (69%). We estimated the effects of age at last birth using data from 12 studies and age at last pregnancy using data from 10 studies on the risk of endometrial cancer by calculating odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (95% CI) using logistic regression models. Potential confounders included in the analysis were race, body mass index, parity, age at menarche, age at first birth, oral contraceptive use, postmenopausal hormone use, smoking status, and report of diabetes. After adjusting for potential confounders, a reduction in endometrial cancer risk was observed in women with increasing age at last birth (P trend <0.0001) and age at last pregnancy (P trend <0.0001). The OR per five-year increase in age at last birth and age at last pregnancy was 0.90 (95%CI: 0.86, 0.94) and 0.91 (95% CI: 0.87, 0.95), respectively. Women who had their last child at an age >40 years were at a 34% decreased risk compared with women who had their last child at an age <25 years (95% CI: 0.52, 0.82). Compared to women with age at last pregnancy <25 years, those with age at last pregnancy >40 years had a 30% decreased risk of endometrial cancer (95%CI: 0.57, 0.86). Inverse associations were observed for Whites and Asians in race-specific analysis and also in analysis restricted to women with at least 2 births. In this large pooled analysis, we show that late age at last birth or last pregnancy is a strong and independent protective factor for endometrial cancer. ER  - 
Alterations in cardiac structure and function in overweight adolescents: Does “obesity cardiomyopathy” evolve in childhood?; Background: Three-fourths of overweight children (body mass index, BMI > 30) without intervention may remain obese as adults. A significant number of obese adults exhibit cardiometabolic related alterations in cardiac structure and function leading to heart failure. It is not known if alterations in cardiac structure and function develop with childhood obesity. Methods: In a prospective study we tested the hypothesis that alterations in cardiac structure and function develop with childhood obesity and that these changes correlate with cardiometabolic risk factors present in obese children. Biophysical (BMI, blood pressure), biochemical (fasting glucose and insulin, insulin resistance, and lipid profile) and cardiac structural and functional indices (left ventricular mass, longitudinal strain and strain rate, and ejection fraction, EF, by echocardiography) in obese adolescents (N=31) were compared with age, gender, tanner and race matched normal controls (N=14). Multivariate analysis was performed to assess the effects of independent variables on indices of cardiac structure and function. Results: There were significant differences in biophysical and biochemical indices between the groups. Cardiac structural and functional indices except for EF were abnormal in obese adolescents. By multivariate analysis fasting insulin levels and insulin resistance measured by homeostasis model assessment, had incremental negative correlation (r =-0.64 and-0.61, p <0.001) with altered cardiac structure and function. Conclusion: Obese adolescents already have developed alterations in cardiac structure and function which are incrementally associated with insulin resistance. We speculate this may represent pediatric onset of “obesity-cardiomyopathy” seen in obese adults. ER  - 
Growth hormone treatment for Turner syndrome in Australia reveals that younger age and increased dose interact to improve response; Objective To investigate response to growth hormone (GH) in the first, second and third years of treatment in the total clinical cohort of Turner syndrome (TS) patients in Australia. Context Short stature is the most common clinical manifestation of TS. GH treatment improves growth. Design Response was measured for each year of treatment. Stepwise multiple regression analyses were used to identify factors that significantly influenced response. Patients Prepubertal TS patients who completed 1 year (n = 176), 2 year (n = 148), or 3 year (n = 117) of treatment and were currently receiving GH. Measurements Change in TS specific Height Standard Deviation Score (ΔTSZ) was the main response variable used. Major influencing variables considered included dose, starting age and height, BMI, bone age delay, karyotype, parental height, and interactions between dose and starting age or height. Results Response was greatest in first year and declined thereafter (median ΔTSZ: 1st year = +0·705, 2nd year = +0·439, 3rd year = +0·377) despite the median dose increasing [1st year = 5·5 mg/m2/week (0·23 mg/kg/week), 2nd year = 6·4(0·24), 3rd year = 7·2(0·26)]. An Age*Dose interaction was identified influencing first, second year, and total ΔTSZ. The ΔTSZ over 3 years was significantly influenced by first-year dose. Dose increments only attenuated the general decline in response. An acceptable first-year response (ΔTSZ > 1·01) was achieved by only 17·6% of patients. Conclusions Growth response is greatest and most influenced by dose in the first year. Dose in first year is a major factor contributing to total response. A starting Age*Dose interaction effect was observed such that young girls on a high dose respond disproportionately better. Optimal GH treatment of short stature in TS thus requires early initiation with the highest safe dose in the first year. © 2011 Blackwell Publishing Ltd. ER  - 
Haplotype effect in the IGF1 promoter accounts for the association between microsatellite and serum IGF1 concentration; Objective Systemic insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF1) level is an important risk factor for various diseases. The inter-individual variation of serum IGF1 is determined by environmental and genetic factors, which are attributed to a microsatellite in IGF1 promoter. However, the exact nature of the underlying regulatory elements accounting for this association has not been characterized. Here, we defined the haplotype patterns, including both SNPs and the microsatellite, in the Chinese population, and investigated their regulatory effect on serum IGF1 level. This is the first study in which haplotype patterns of the microsatellite and SNPs in the IGF1 promoter are examined together. Methods The linkage disequilibrium (LD) patterns of IGF1 were examined using tagSNPs of the IGF1 regulatory region. The microsatellite, three tagSNPs and haplotypes were correlated with serum IGF1 concentration in 450 normal premenopausal Chinese women. Results Common alleles of the microsatellite were in strong LD with the three tagSNPs and were associated with particular haplotypes composed of SNPs. Neither the CA repeat number nor SNPs alone showed a robust association with serum IGF1 concentration. On the other hand, the haplotype T-19-A-T was significantly associated with serum IGF1 level. Conclusion No association was found between SNPs and microsatellite alone. However, the haplotype showed better correlation with serum IGF1 level. The results indicate that the previously observed correlation with microsatellite was because of a haplotype effect in the IGF1 promoter. Microsatellite or tagSNPs alone are not the primary regulatory elements of IGF1 expression. The exact regulatory genetic variant needs to be defined by functional genetic studies. © 2011 Blackwell Publishing Ltd. ER  - 
Thin newborns are more insulin resistant at 10 years of age; Aims: To investigate the relation between ponderal index or birth weight and insulin resistance in late childhood. Methods: An observational study of 92-term appropriate-for-gestational age infants was carried out. Weight and length were measured at birth and at 9 months and duration of breast feeding was noted at 9 months. Follow-up examinations at 10 years of age included measurement of weight, height, pubertal status, fasting insulin and glucose concentrations. Results: Ponderal index at birth was negatively (B ± SE = -0.05 ± 0.02; p = 0.025) and current BMI was positively (B ± SE = 0.14 ± 0.02; p < 0.001) associated with insulin resistance measured as homeostasis model assessment (HOMA) at 10 years of age adjusted for gender and pubertal stage. Current BMI and ponderal index at birth were still significant after adjusting for weight at 9 months. Birth weight and weight at 9 months was not correlated with HOMA (p = 0.58) adjusted for current BMI, gender and pubertal stage. HOMA was higher in the tertile with the lowest ponderal index than in the two remaining tertiles (p = 0.024). Conclusion: Relative thinness at birth, but neither birth weight nor weight gain from 0-9 months, was associated with higher insulin resistance at 10 years of age in this cohort with a low prevalence of overweight at 10 years of age and normal birth weight. ©2010 The Author(s)/Acta Pædiatrica ©2010 Foundation Acta Pædiatrica. ER  - 
Reduced appetite and body mass index with delayed puberty in a mother and son: Association with a rare novel sequence variant in the leptin gene; Introduction: Leptin deficiency caused by mutations within the leptin gene (LEP) results in severe early onset obesity, hypogonadism, pubertal delay and immune system abnormalities. Constitutional delay in growth and puberty (CDGP) is a common condition seen in paediatric clinics, in which children present with delayed growth and puberty but usually also have a slim body habitus. We hypothesized that LEP variants may play a role in the phenotype seen in CDGP. Aim: To screen a group of children with CDGP for pathogenic sequence variants in LEP. Patients and methods: Denaturing HPLC was used to screen for LEP sequence variants in DNA samples from 78 children with CDGP (predominantly white males) and 112 control subjects. DNA fragments with a WAVE pattern deviant from wild type were directly sequenced. A STAT3 luciferase reporter assay in human embryonic kidney (HEK293) cells transiently transfected with the leptin receptor was used to test activity of mutant leptin. Results: One child with CDGP was identified to be heterozygous for a novel missense variant (c.68C>G), which results in a proline to arginine substitution (p.P23R). This sequence variant was not identified in any of the other control subjects, but was identified in his mother who shared a similar phenotype of slim body habitus, reduced appetite and pubertal delay (menarche aged 15 years). The leptin variant showed similar stability in serum compared with wild type and did not demonstrate increased activity in an in vitro reporter gene assay. Conclusions: This is the first report of a sequence variant within the LEP gene associated with reduced body mass index rather than obesity. We hypothesize that this variant has increased bioactivity in vivo. © 2011 European Society of Endocrinology. ER  - 
Circulating proinflammatory peptides related to abdominal adiposity and cardiometabolic risk factors in healthy prepubertal children; Objectives: To analyze the circulating levels of proinflammatory peptides in healthy prepubertal children in relation to abdominal obesity, measured by waist circumference (WC), and to investigate their interactions with cardiometabolic risk factors. Design and methods: A cross-sectional study of 137 healthy prepubertal children with a mean age of 8.0±0.1 years divided into three groups according to their WC as a measure of abdominal obesity: 'normal-WC' children (25th-75th percentile, n=48), 'children at risk' (75th-90th percentile, n=39), and 'abdominally obese' (R90th percentile, n=50) children. Auxological measurements and blood pressure (BP) were taken. Fasting levels of high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP), interleukin 6 (IL6), tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α), glucose, insulin, and lipid profile were measured. Insulin resistance (IR) was assessed by homeostasis model assessment of IR (HOMA-IR). Results: Abdominally obese children had significantly higher BP, insulin, HOMA-IR, total cholesterol and triglycerides (TG) compared with their normal-WC counterparts (P<0.05). HsCRP concentrations increased proportionally with the degree of abdominal obesity (r=0.443, P<0.0001), whereas IL6 and TNF-α were not significantly associated with any of the adiposity variables. After controlling for adiposity, hsCRP was significantly correlated with systolic BP (r=0.257, P=0.004), TNF-α levels were related to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C; r=-0.216, P=0.016) and TG (r=0.196, P=0.029), whereas the relationship between IL6 and HDL-C reduced its magnitude to an insignificant level (r=-0.173, P=0.055). Conclusions: Healthy prepubertal children with abdominal obesity have associated inflammatory and cardiometabolic alterations, interacting with each other. © 2011 European Society of Endocrinology. ER  - 
Metabolic syndrome, adipokines and ghrelin in overweight and obese schoolchildren: Results of a 1-year lifestyle intervention programme; The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of a lifestyle intervention programme (nutrition and exercise counselling) on metabolic syndrome (MS) components, adipokines (leptin, adiponectin) and ghrelin levels in overweight children. A total of 61 overweight children aged 7-9 years (≥85th body mass index (BMI) percentile; 27 boys/34 girls) were randomly assigned and completed a 1-year individual (IT) or group-based treatment (GT). Anthropometric and biochemical parameters were assessed at baseline, at 6 months and at 1 year. Twenty-two normal weight children (<85th BMI percentile; 7-9 yearsold; 13 boys/nine girls) were also evaluated at baseline. Insulin resistance (IR) was determined by the homeostasis model assessment of IR (HOMA-IR). Overweight children presented significantly higher blood pressure, triglycerides, apolipoprotein B, insulin, HOMA-IR, leptin, C-reactive protein and homocysteine levels, while apolipoprotein A-I was significantly lower. At baseline, MS was present in ten overweight children, of which only five maintained it at 1 year. Leptin and ghrelin levels were associated with IR and MS components. MS was predicted by apolipoprotein A-I, insulin and pre-puberty. The lifestyle intervention led to a significant improvement in standard deviation score of BMI, waist circumference/height ratio and lipid profile. Changes in insulin, HOMA-IR, leptin and adiponectin were not significant. Ghrelin behaved differently between IT and GT. The GT intervention seems to be more successful, with a decrease in BMI Z-score and an improvement of metabolic parameters. In conclusion, overweight children have multiple risk factors associated with MS. A lifestyle intervention programme seems to be an effective mean for reducing obesity and MS components and improving adipokines concentrations. © 2010 Springer-Verlag. ER  - 
Assessment of leydig and sertoli cell functions in infants with nonmosaic klinefelter syndrome: Insulin-like peptide 3 levels are normal and positively correlated with lh levels; Context: Klinefelter syndrome (KS) is the most common sex chromosome disorder and a major cause of male infertility. In adult patients, serum inhibin B and anti-Mullerian-hormone (AMH) are undetectable, testosterone secretion is often impaired, and the tubules are depleted of germ cells. Before puberty, inhibin B, AMH, and testosterone levels are within the normal range. Objective: Sertoli and Leydig cell secretions, including insulin-like peptide-3 (INSL3), were evaluated in infants with nonmosaic XXY karyotype to assess testicular function soon after birth. Design: The study was conducted in four University Pediatric Departments from the United States and France. Subjects: Sixty-eight prenatally diagnosed infants aged 2-750 d were enrolled. Main Outcome Measures: Serum FSH, LH, inhibin B, AMH, and INSL3 were measured by immunoassay, and testosterone was measured by tandem mass-spectrometry. Results: In infants with KS, INSL3 levels transiently increased at 2-3 months of age and were significantly correlated with testosterone (Spearman r = 0.57) and LH (Spearman r = 0.73) levels. They did not differ from controls. Testosterone levels were within the normal range, but most of them were below the median of controls. Inhibin B andAMHlevels were also within normal range. Inhibin B was correlated with FSH (Spearman r = 0.49). AMH was not correlated with FSH or testosterone. FSH levels were above normal in 25% of patients, despite normal inhibin B levels. Conclusions: In infants with KS, Leydig cells are normally sensitive to the LH proliferative effect. In contrast, the Sertoli cell sensitivity to FSH is questionable, which may be prophetic of the postpubertal Sertoli cell resistance to FSH. Copyright © 2011 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Evidence of insulin-like growth factor binding protein-3 proteolysis during growth hormone stimulation testing; Objectives: The ternary complex is composed of insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-I, IGF binding protein (IGFBP)-3 and acid labile subunit (ALS). Growth hormone (GH) promotes IGFBP-3 proteolysis to release free IGF-I, ALS, and IGFBP-3 fragments. Our aim was to determine whether elevated GH levels during GH stimulation testing would trigger IGFBP-3 proteolysis. Design: This prospective study of 10 short prepubertal children (height standard deviation score -2.37±0.31) used arginine and GH releasing hormone stimulation to study dynamic changes in the ternary complex moieties. IGFBP-3 was measured in two assays: a radioimmunoassay (RIA) that detects both cleaved and intact IGFBP-3; and an immunochemiluminescence assay (ICMA) that detects only intact IGFBP-3. Results: IGFBP-3 measured by RIA increased by 19% (p<0.05), while IGFBP-3 measured by ICMA did not significantly increase (6.1%). Conclusion: The significant increase in IGFBP-3 measured by RIA, but not ICMA, provides evidence of IGFBP-3 proteolysis during acute GH stimulation. © 2011 by Walter de Gruyter Berlin New York 2011. ER  - 
Obesity in children and adolescents: Relationship to growth, pubarche, menarche, and voice break; Objective: The relationships between obesity, pubertal development, and height are controversial. Therefore, we compared the prevalence of pubarche, menarche, and voice break between a large collective of obese and normal-weight children and adolescents aged 10-16 years. Methods: We assessed weight, height, pubarche, menarche, and voice break in 1383 obese German children and in 6615 children of a representative national German cohort aged 10-16 years. In all obese children, gonadotropins were determined and birth weight data were collected. Results: Independently of gender, the height standard deviation score (SDS) was significantly greater (0.3-1.0) in obese children <14 years compared to the reference cohort. Independently of age, the percentage of obese boys with pubarche was significantly lower compared to age-matched normal-weight boys. In girls <13 years, the prevalence of obese girls with pubarche was significantly lower compared to age-matched normal-weight girls. In boys ≥11 years, the percentage of obese boys with change of voice was significantly lower compared to age-matched normal-weight boys. In girls ≥11 years, the prevalence of obese girls with menarche was significantly lower compared to age-matched normal-weight girls. Birth weight had no impact on pubarche in the obese children. Luteinizing hormone was >0.3 IU/L in 86% of the children ≥10 years with pubarche. Conclusions: Obese children are taller than normal-weight children up to the age of 14 years. Since obese children demonstrated pubarche, menarche, and voice break later than their normal-weight peers, the increase in height in obese children does not seem to be attributable to earlier onset of puberty. © 2011 by Walter de Gruyter Berlin New York 2011. ER  - 
Effect of recombinant growth hormone on leptin, adiponectin, resistin, interleukin-6, tumor necrosis factor-α and ghrelin levels in growth hormone-deficient children; Background: Treatment with GH promotes linear growth and decreases body fat in patients with isolated GH deficiency (GHD). However, few studies have analyzed how GH replacement modifies ghrelin levels and the adipokine profile and the relationship of these modifications with the metabolic changes. Aims: To analyze the eventual differences between serum levels of leptin, leptin soluble receptor (sOBR), resistin, adiponectin, interleukin-6 (IL-6), tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α), total (TG) and acylated ghrelin (AG) and lipid and glycemic profiles in children with GHD, as well as to determine the effect of GH replacement on these parameters during the first year of therapy. Subjects and methods: Thirty pre-pubertal (Tanner stage I) GHD children and 30 matched controls were enrolled. Children with GHD were studied before and after 6 and 12 months of GH treatment. Weight, height, BMI, fasting glucose, insulin, lipid profile and serum levels of adipokines and ghrelin were studied at every visit. Adipokines, insulin and ghrelin levels were determined by using commercial radio- and enzymoimmunoassays. Results: At baseline children with GHD had significantly higher sOBR (p<0.01) and adiponectin (p<0.01) levels than controls. Treatment with GH resulted in a decline in leptin (p<0.05) and TG (p<0.001) levels, an increase of homeostasis model assessment index and restored IGF-I levels (p<0.001). Conclusions: These data indicate that GH replacement has a negative effect on leptin levels and may also produce a slight unfavorable effect on carbohydrate metabolism. In addition, the changes observed in the adipokine profile appear to be independent of body mass index. ©2011, Editrice Kurtis. ER  - 
Monitoring of lipodystrophic and metabolic abnormalities in HIV-1 infected children on antiretroviral therapy; OBJECTIVE: Few studies have thus far assessed body composition by dual energy X-ray absorptrometry (DXA) in children with HIV, primarily because reference data for normally growing children and adolescents are not available. Our study aimed at evaluating body composition in children with HIV and their relation to serum lipids and glucose homeostasis. DESIGN: Body composition was assessed by DXA in 17 HIV-1 infected children at entrance to the study and after 12 months and in one hundred fifty nine age, gender, body mass index (BMI), and Tanner stage matched healthy subjects who served as controls. Lipodystrophy was diagnosed if the trunk/leg fat ratio was out of the range of the expected mean±1SD of the controls. RESULTS: At study entry, 10 patients (7 girls) had developed lipohypertrophy, whereas all remaining patients had lipoatrophy. Lipohypertrophy was associated with older age (p=0.027). Lipodystrophic phenotype was stable in all patients except in one over the 12-month period of follow-up while on continuous antiretroviral therapy (ART). 80% and 70% of patients with lipohypertrophy had triglycerides and cholesterol levels, respectively above the 75th percentile, while 57% and 43% of patients with lipoatrophy had triglycerides and cholesterol, respectively greater than the 75th percentile. High triglycerides were associated with the use of protease inhibitors (p=0.028). Basal fasting glucose and homeostasis model assessment (HOMA) values were within normal limits. CONCL USIONS: HIV-infected paediatric patients on continuous ART developed significant and persistent body composition changes which were associated with dyslipidemia without overt abnormalities of glucose metabolism. ER  - 
Association of Lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2 activity with components of the metabolic syndrome in apparently healthy boys; Abstract: Background: Lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2 (Lp-PLA2) has been proposed as a biomarker of risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Objective: To determine the association between Lp-PLA2 activity and BMI, insulin-resistance, components of the metabolic syndrome (MS), and lifestyle behaviors in healthy adolescent boys. Methods: Data were collected cross-sectionally from 164 adolescents from an amateur rugby club. BMI, blood pressure (BP), Tanner stages, glucose, insulin, lipids, and Lp-PLA2 activity were measured. Questionnaires for lifestyle behaviors were completed. Results: Approximately 26% of the adolescents were obese and 23% overweight. There was a univariate association between Lp-PLA2 and BMI (r=0.16;p=0.042), triglycerides (r=0.26;p=0.001), LDL-C (r=0.46;p<0.001), apo B (r=0.55;p<0.001), whereas waist circumference, BP, glucose, HOMA-IR, and HDL-C were not correlated. None of the lifestyle behaviors were significantly correlated with Lp-PLA2. In order to analyze Lp-PLA2 association with known CVD risk conditions, adolescents were categorized according to overweight/obesity and to the presence of metabolic syndrome. Conversely, as it was for LDL-C and apo B concentration, Lp-PLA2 activity was not higher in adolescents with obesity. Multiple regression analysis showed that apo B was significantly associated with Lp-PLA2 adjusted for age, BMI, triglyc-erides and LDL-C (R2=0.32). Conclusion: Lp-PLA2 activity was only associated with apo B adjusted for several confounding variables, suggesting that its clinical utility to identify individuals at risk for CVD does not surpass LDL-C and apo B in healthy adolescents. As plaque morphology may change with age, associations of Lp-PLA2 with CVD may likewise vary with age. © 2011 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Reduced appetite and body mass index with delayed puberty in a mother and son: Association with a rare novel sequence variant in the leptin gene; Introduction: Leptin deficiency caused by mutations within the leptin gene (LEP) results in severe early onset obesity, hypogonadism, pubertal delay and immune system abnormalities. Constitutional delay in growth and puberty (CDGP) is a common condition seen in paediatric clinics, in which children present with delayed growth and puberty but usually also have a slim body habitus. We hypothesized that LEP variants may play a role in the phenotype seen in CDGP. Aim: To screen a group of children with CDGP for pathogenic sequence variants in LEP. Patients and methods: Denaturing HPLC was used to screen for LEP sequence variants in DNA samples from 78 children with CDGP (predominantly white males) and 112 control subjects. DNA fragments with a WAVE pattern deviant from wild type were directly sequenced. A STAT3 luciferase reporter assay in human embryonic kidney (HEK293) cells transiently transfected with the leptin receptor was used to test activity of mutant leptin. Results: One child with CDGP was identified to be heterozygous for a novel missense variant (c.68C>G), which results in a proline to arginine substitution (p.P23R). This sequence variant was not identified in any of the other control subjects, but was identified in his mother who shared a similar phenotype of slim body habitus, reduced appetite and pubertal delay (menarche aged 15 years). The leptin variant showed similar stability in serum compared with wild type and did not demonstrate increased activity in an in vitro reporter gene assay. Conclusions: This is the first report of a sequence variant within the LEP gene associated with reduced body mass index rather than obesity. We hypothesize that this variant has increased bioactivity in vivo. © 2011 European Society of Endocrinology. ER  - 
Circulating proinflammatory peptides related to abdominal adiposity and cardiometabolic risk factors in healthy prepubertal children; Objectives: To analyze the circulating levels of proinflammatory peptides in healthy prepubertal children in relation to abdominal obesity, measured by waist circumference (WC), and to investigate their interactions with cardiometabolic risk factors. Design and methods: A cross-sectional study of 137 healthy prepubertal children with a mean age of 8.0±0.1 years divided into three groups according to their WC as a measure of abdominal obesity: 'normal-WC' children (25th-75th percentile, n=48), 'children at risk' (75th-90th percentile, n=39), and 'abdominally obese' (≥90th percentile, n=50) children. Auxological measurements and blood pressure (BP) were taken. Fasting levels of high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP), interleukin 6 (IL6), tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α), glucose, insulin, and lipid profile were measured. Insulin resistance (IR) was assessed by homeostasis model assessment of IR (HOMA-IR). Results: Abdominally obese children had significantly higher BP, insulin, HOMA-IR, total cholesterol and triglycerides (TG) compared with their normal-WC counterparts (P<0.05). HsCRP concentrations increased proportionally with the degree of abdominal obesity (r=0.443, P<0.0001), whereas IL6 and TNF-α were not significantly associated with any of the adiposity variables. After controlling for adiposity, hsCRP was significantly correlated with systolic BP (r=0.257, P=0.004), TNF-α levels were related to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C; r=-0.216, P=0.016) and TG (r=0.196, P=0.029), whereas the relationship between IL6 and HDL-C reduced its magnitude to an insignificant level (r=-0.173, P=0.055). © 2011 European Society of Endocrinology. Conclusions: Healthy prepubertal children with abdominal obesity have associated inflammatory and cardiometabolic alterations, interacting with each other. © 2011 European Society of Endocrinology. ER  - 
The effects of aging on testicular volume and glucose metabolism: An investigation with ultrasonography and FDG-PET; Objectives: To investigate the effects of senescence on testicular volume and metabolism by quantitative analysis of volumetric and functional data provided by genital ultrasonography (US) and 2-deoxy-2-[18F]fluoro-D- glucose-positron emission tomography (FDG-PET), respectively. Methods: Three hundred twenty (PET 173, US 147) male subjects (average age, 47.9±24.1 years; range, 11-90 years) who previously underwent US or FDG-PET imaging were included in this retrospective study. Testicular volumes and FDG maximum standardized uptake values (SUVmax) were correlated with age using polynomial regression and Pearson linear regression analysis. Results: With cross-sectional analysis, the best-fit curves demonstrated statistically significant overall correlations between changes in both the volume and metabolism (SUVmax) of the testicle and increasing age (volume: R2=0.42, p=0.0002; SUVmax: R2=0.26, p<0.0001). Testicular volume rapidly increases during puberty and peaks at age 30 years. Subsequently, the volume of the testes stabilizes in a plateau-like manner until age 60 years. After age 60 years, this study shows that testicular volume decreases significantly. Testicular glucose metabolism increases until age 40 years, after which it declines gradually over time at a constant rate. Conclusion: Testicular volume and metabolism appear to be significantly affected by advancing age at different rates during the different stages of lifespan. The rapid increase in testicular volume and metabolism parallel the onset and progression of puberty and positively correlate with increasing age up to ages 30-40 years. Between ages 40 and 60 years, testicular volume and metabolism remain relatively constant with only a minimal decline. After age of 60 years, the testicular volume significantly declines, while testicular metabolism progressively declines until age 90 years. © Academy of Molecular Imaging and Society for Molecular Imaging, 2010. ER  - 
Vaspin is related to gender, puberty and deteriorating insulin sensitivity in children; Background:Visceral adipose tissue-derived serine protease inhibitor (vaspin) has been suggested as a novel adipocytokine related to obesity and insulin sensitivity in adults.Design:We quantified vaspin serum concentrations in 65 lean and 67 obese children and aimed to evaluate the relationship of vaspin with physical development, obesity, and metabolic and cardiovascular phenotypes in children. We further assessed the acute vaspin response to glucose provocation in 20 obese adolescents and evaluated tissue expression patterns of vaspin in humans.Results:Vaspin levels were significantly higher in girls than in boys. In girls, vaspin increased with age and pubertal stage, whereas there was no change with development in boys. Obese girls had lower vaspin serum levels than those of lean controls, but there was no significant correlation with body mass index (BMI). Independent of sex, age and BMI, lower vaspin was associated with better insulin sensitivity, with higher systolic blood pressure and impaired endothelial function. In response to glucose provocation during an oral glucose tolerance test, vaspin serum levels declined by approximately 25% in adolescents with hyperinsulinemia, whereas there was no significant decline in normoinsulinemic patients. In support of our clinical data, we not only confirmed vaspin mRNA expression in adipose tissue but also found consistent expression of vaspin in the liver and indications for expression in the pancreas and the skin.Conclusion:We showed that gender differences in circulating vaspin levels develop during pubertal progression in girls. Although vaspin's association with obesity remains controversial, vaspin was increased with worsening insulin resistance already in children and was acutely down-regulated following glucose provocation in insulin-resistant adolescents independent of obesity. Besides adipose tissue, vaspin expression in the liver and the pancreas may potentially contribute to circulating vaspin levels and their regulation. © 2011 Macmillan Publishers Limited All rights reserved. ER  - 
Intrahepatic and intramyocellular lipids are determinants of insulin resistance in prepubertal children; Aims/hypothesis: We hypothesised that ectopic fat deposition is present in liver and skeletal muscle before puberty and that both are potentially important factors in the early pathogenesis of insulin resistance. Methods: Proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy was used to evaluate intramyocellular and intrahepatic lipids in 50 male and 42 female multi-ethnic, prepubertal (Tanner<2) children (8.1±0.8 years; 35.4±10.7 kg; 27.9±8.3% body fat; means ± SD). Intramyocellular lipid was measured in soleus muscle and intrahepatic lipid in the middle right lobe. Abdominal fat was measured by magnetic resonance imaging, body fat by dual energy X-ray absorptiometry, and insulin resistance using homeostatic model assessment. Results: Intrahepatic lipid ranged from 0.11% to 4.6% relative to the liver water signal (mean 0.79±0.79%) whereas intramyocellular lipid ranged from 0.13% to 1.86% relative to the muscle water signal (mean 0.51±0.28%). Intramyocellular and intrahepatic lipids were significantly correlated with total adiposity (r=0.49 and 0.59), abdominal adiposity (r=0.44 and 0.54), and each other (r=0.39, p<0.05, Spearman). Both intramyocellular and intrahepatic lipid were positively correlated with fasting insulin (r=0.37 and 0.38 respectively) and insulin resistance (r=0.37 and 0.37; p<0.01). After adjustment for race and sex, the relations between ectopic fat and insulin resistance remained, whereas both disappeared when further adjusted for body fat or BMI z scores. Conclusions/Interpretations: These results suggest that typical relations between body composition, ectopic fat and insulin resistance are present in children before puberty. Thus, interventions aimed at reducing adiposity have the potential to decrease ectopic fat accumulation, delay the onset of insulin resistance and decrease the risk for development of type 2 diabetes in children. © 2010 Springer-Verlag. ER  - 
Growth, final height and endocrine sequelae in a UK population of patients with Hurler syndrome (MPS1H); Objective: Hurler Syndrome, (MPSIH) is an inborn error of glycosaminoglycan metabolism. Haematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) has transformed the prognosis for these children. Prior to transplant patients receive chemotherapy or chemo-radiotherapy. Regular screening for the development of endocrine sequelae is therefore essential. We present for the first time data on final adult height and endocrine complications in children with MPSIH post HSCT. Design: Retrospective case note study and a prospective programme of growth and endocrine assessment. Patients: 22 patients were included, mean age at last assessment 12.2 (Range 6.3-21.6) years. Mean age at HSCT was 1.3 (SD 0.6) years. Conditioning included mostly busulphan and cyclophosphamide, with 5 patients receiving total body irradiation prior to second transplant. Results: Height SDS decreased over time. Final height (FH) was attained in seven patients with male FH SDS -4.3 (Range -3.8, -5.1) and female FH SDS -3.4 (Range -2.9, -5.6). Eight of 13 patients tested had evidence of high growth hormone (GH) levels, while one had GH deficiency. Adrenal and thyroid function was normal in all. 11 patients were pubertal or post pubertal. Two females had pubertal failure requiring intervention. All male patients had spontaneous, complete puberty; however three patients have reduced testicular volumes. Five out of 13 patients tested had an abnormal oral glucose tolerance test. Conclusion: Growth is impaired, primarily related to skeletal dysplasia, but also associated with GH resistance. Pubertal development may be compromised and abnormalities of glucose metabolism are common. We recommend a structured endocrine surveillance programme for these patients. © 2011 SSIEM and Springer. ER  - 
Reproductive and hormonal factors and pancreatic cancer risk in women; OBJECTIVES: To investigate the role of menstrual, reproductive, and hormonal factors, as well as benign female conditions, on pancreatic cancer risk. METHODS: We analyzed the combined data from 2 Italian case-control studies including 285 female case patients of pancreatic cancer and 713 female controls. All subjects were interviewed by trained interviewers during their hospital stay using similar structured questionnaires. Odds ratios (ORs) and their corresponding 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were estimated using multiple logistic regression models adjusted for selected covariates. RESULTS: Compared to nulliparae, the OR was 0.76 (95% CI, 0.51-1.12) for parous women and 0.46 (95% CI, 0.26-0.85) for women with 4 or more births, in the absence, however, of a significant trend with increasing number of births. Pancreatic cancer risk was also nonsignificantly reduced among women with age at first birth lower than 25 years (OR, 0.65; 95% CI, 0.42-1.01). Other factors, including age at menarche and menopause, menopausal status, type of menopause, history of spontaneous and induced abortions, use of oral contraceptives and hormone replacement therapy, and history of most female benign conditions were not related to pancreatic cancer risk. CONCLUSIONS: This study provides little support for the hypothesis that menstrual, reproductive, or hormonal factors are related to the development of pancreatic cancer. © 2011 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc. ER  - 
Muscular fitness is independently associated with metabolic risk in adolescents: The HELENA study; Objective: To examine the independent associations of muscular and cardiorespiratory fitness with clustered metabolic risk in adolescents. Materials and methods: Data were gathered from the HELENA (Healthy Lifestyle in Europe by Nutrition in Adolescents) cross-sectional study. A total of 709 adolescents (346 boys) from 9 European countries, aged from 12.5 to 17.5 years, with complete muscular fitness, cardiorespiratory fitness and blood sample data, were included in this report. The muscular fitness score was computed as the sum of age- and gender-specific z-scores of handgrip strength/body weight and standing long jump. Cardiorespiratory fitness was estimated using the 20-m shuttle run test. Age- and gender-specific z-scores of waist circumference, systolic blood pressure, triglycerides, total cholesterol/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio and insulin resistance (HOMA) were summed up to create a metabolic risk score. Sex, age, pubertal stage and centre were entered as confounders. Overweight adolescents (including obese) were identified on the basis of body mass index. Results: Muscular fitness was negatively associated with clustered metabolic risk independent of cardiorespiratory fitness (β=-0.249, P<0.001). Independent of muscular fitness, an inverse association was also found between cardiorespiratory fitness and clustered metabolic risk (β=-0.264, P<0.001). The odds ratios for having a high clustered risk (above or equal to 1 s.d.) in the least-fit quartile compared with the mostfit quartile were 5.3 (95% confidence interval (CI)=2.6-10.6) and 4.3 (95% CI=2.0-9.3) for muscular and cardiorespiratory fitness, respectively. Significant differences in metabolic risk between muscular fitness levels persisted among non-overweight (P=0.012) and overweight participants (P=0.011). Conclusion: Muscular and cardiorespiratory fitness are independently associated with metabolic risk in adolescents. ER  - 
Markers of insulin resistance/sensitivity are associated with muscular strength in European adolescents: the HELENA Study; Objective: To examine the association of insulin resistance/sensitivity markers with muscular strength (MS) after controlling for total and central body fat in European adolescents. Materials and methods: We conducted a cross sectional study (the HELENA-CSS) which comprised 1053 (499 males; 12.5-17.5 years) adolescents from ten European cities. Weight, height, waist circumference and skinfold thickness were measured, and body mass index (BMI) was calculated. Markers of insulin resistance/sensitivity included fasting insulin, homeostasis model assessment (HOMA) and the quantitative insulin-sensitivity check index (QUICKI). MS was measured by the handgrip and standing long jump tests. Results: The one-way analysis of covariance showed that, in males, fasting insulin and HOMA were negatively associated with handgrip (all P<0.05), and with handgrip and standing long jump in females (all P<0.05) after controlling for pubertal status, centre and markers of body fat (i.e. waist circumference or BMI). Likewise, QUICKI was positively associated with handgrip in males (P=0.05), and with handgrip and standing long jump in females (all P≤0.05). Conclusions: Markers of insulin resistance/sensitivity are associated with MS after controlling for pubertal status, total and central body fat in European adolescents. ER  - 
Surrogate markers of insulin sensitivity in pre-pubertal children: findings of the European multicenter study IDEFICS; Objectives: Insulin resistance is frequently seen in childhood obesity. It represents a link between obesity and type 2 diabetes or cardiovascular disease and can track into adult life. Several markers, e.g. fasting insulin, glucose/insulin ratio, HOMA, HbA1c and CRP have been suggested as surrogate markers for screening purposes in adults (Singh, 2010), as the gold standard method to measure insulin sensitivity (the hyperinsulinemic euglycemic clamp) is very labor- and time-intensive and thus not feasible in epidemiological research. In children, however, screening data on insulin resistance is rare, especially from large-scale epidemiological studies. Moreover, there is lack of adequate reference values forthe respective markers of insulin resistance in children. The aim of this study is to describe levels of surrogate markers for insulin resistance, i.e. fasting blood glucose, insulin, HOMA, HbA1c and CRP in a populationbased cross-sectional study of European children, aged 2-9 years. The influence of age on the distributions is evaluated, as well as the effect of BMI, waist circumference and sex. Materials and methods: Statistical analysis was performed on laboratory data of all IDEFICS samples taking also into account potentially confounding factors. Results: Insulin and glucose levels and the derived HOMA index of children in the IDEFICS baseline survey increased with age and weight group of the children. CRP as a marker of inflammation also increased with the weight group of the children but remained stable with growing age. Data analysis showed lower and age-dependent biomarker concentrations for children in the IDEFICS cohort compared to normal ranges for adults. Concentrations of the following markers differed slightly between the two sexes: insulin, HOMA index and CRP levels were higher in girls compared to boys across all age-categories, whereas glucose was slightly higher in boys. Insulin, glucose, HOMA index and CRP, but not HbA1c were clearly correlated with body mass index in an age-adjusted Spearman correlation analysis and showed an even stronger correlation with waist circumference as compared to BMI. Conclusion: This study shows that most surrogate markers for IR are elevated in overweight/ obese children already before puberty. Increase of insulin and glucose concentrations with age underlines that agedependent reference values are needed for children. As it is known from adults already, children with central obesity seem to be at a higher risk to develop IR than children with 'just' a high BMI. ER  - 
Insulin resistance rises from mid-childhood, before the onset of puberty: Longitudinal data from the earlybird study; Background:Insulin resistance (IR) is key to the development of type 2 diabetes. It is known from cross-sectional studies that IR is higher in puberty, but longitudinal studies are needed to establish at what age the trend begins. Aim:To document the behaviour of IR in healthy children aged 5-14y. Methods:246 healthy children (141 boys) from the EarlyBird cohort, monitored annually from 5-14y for IR (HOMA), %-fat (DEXA), self-assessed Tanner-stage (TS; mean genital/breast and pubic hair development), luteinising hormone (LH) >0.2u/l in two successive years to determine hormonal onset of puberty. Results:IR fell from 5-7y in both genders (P< 0.001), then rose from 7-14y in both genders (P< 0.001; Figure 1). The increase in IR began 2-3 years before TS2 (P< 0.001; Figure 2), and 3-4 years before first detection of LH (P< 0.001). In a linear mixed-effects model, IR rose in boys by 21% (95% C.I. 17%, 26%), girls 15% (11%, 19%), both P< 0.001, over the 4 years preceding TS2, independent of change in %fat. Conclusions: The 'pubertal' increase in IR begins well before pubertal onset, however measured, independently of increasing adiposity. The cause of this mid-childhood rise is unclear, but may relate to adre- narche, which typically occurs at 6-8y. The period of increased risk for diabetes extends from adolescence back to mid-childhood. ER  - 
Retinol binding protein 4 (RBP4) and insulin resistance in children and adolescents: Ouro preto study; Objective: The role of retinol-binding-protein-4 (RBP4) in human insulin resistance remains controversial which may in part be explained by degree of body fat. We conducted a case-control study nested in a cross-sectional study aimed to assess the frequency of insulin resistance in schoolchildren 7-14 years living in the city of Ouro Preto, and the profile of retinol binding protein 4 (RBP4) in this population. Research design and Methods: The sample comprised 222 students, 137 (60.4%) cases and 90 (39.6%) controls. The cases and controls were classified according to the percentage of body fat measured by tetrapolar bioelectrical impedance. HOMA-IR was used to assess insulin resistance. The fasting insulin concentration was measured by the method of chemiluminescence and RBP4 serum by sandwich ELISA. Results: Insulin resistance was observed in 24 students (10.8%). The percentage of students with changes in RBP4 and fasting insulin was 25% and 8.5% respectively. The mean serum levels of RBP4 were higher in subjects with low family income, in girls who had passed the menarche and those with high body fat percentage (P < 0.05). After adjusting for sex, age and HDL-c, the factors that best explained the variability of insulin resistance in this population were the amended triglyceride (OR: 3.65, CI: 1.39 to 9.60) and percentage of fat high body (OR 5.09, CI: 1.39 to 18.59) for P < 0.05. Conclusion: We conclude that in the population analyzed RBP-4 and insulin resistance were associated with percentage of body fat. ER  - 
Effect of a fruit and vegetable juice concentrate (FVJC) Vs. medical nutrition therapy alone on metabolic syndrome components in obese children: A 6 month pilot double blind placebo-controlled study; Epidemiologic studies report lower β-carotene (BC) and retinol (ROL) in obese vs. non obese children, and suggest this likely predisposes to the metabolic syndrome (MS). We determined the effect of a 6-month FVJC vs. Medical Nutrition Therapy (MNT) on the prevalence of MS based on 4 different criteria (MS1-Cook; MS2 and MS3-Lambert; MS4-de Ferranti) in 11 normal weight, 6 overweight and 22 obese pre pubertal children in a prospective randomized placebo-controlled trial. Waist circumference, fasting glucose, insulin, triglyceride, HDL and systolic blood pressure (SBP) for age, sex and height (NHPBEP) were determined. Daily total kilocalories and average intake of vitamin A in retinol equivalents (VARE) or BC were derived from FFQ. ROL, BC, HOMA-IR and QUICKI were determined at 0, 3 and 6 months. The prevalence of MS (MS4 criteria) decreased by 16 % at 3-months ({chi}2 =6.004 p=0.014) in the FVJC vs. MNT but this effects was lost at 6 months; no significant change in HOMA-IR or QUICKI; BC but not ROL correlated with a decrease in HOMA-IR ({chi}2 = -0.393 p= 0.03) and an increase in QUICKI ({chi}2 =0.550 p=0.002), no correlation between intakes of VARE or BC and BC. Taken together, the increase in BC and reduction in MS (MS4 criteria) in FVJC vs. MNT suggest a potential role for BC in the regulation of insulin sensitivity in obese children. Population-wide studies are warranted to determine the significance of this association. ER  - 
Growth hormone plus childhood low-dose estrogen in Turner's syndrome; BACKGROUND: Short stature and ovarian failure are characteristic features of Turner's syndrome. Although recombinant human growth hormone is commonly used to treat the short stature associated with this syndrome, a randomized, placebo-controlled trial is needed to document whether such treatment increases adult height. Furthermore, it is not known whether childhood estrogen replacement combined with growth hormone therapy provides additional benefit. We examined the independent and combined effects of growth hormone and early, ultra-low-dose estrogen on adult height in girls with Turner's syndrome. METHODS: In this double-blind, placebo-controlled trial, we randomly assigned 149 girls, 5.0 to 12.5 years of age, to four groups: double placebo (placebo injection plus childhood oral placebo, 39 patients), estrogen alone (placebo injection plus childhood oral lowdose estrogen, 40), growth hormone alone (growth hormone injection plus childhood oral placebo, 35), and growth hormone-estrogen (growth hormone injection plus childhood oral low-dose estrogen, 35). The dose of growth hormone was 0.1 mg per kilogram of body weight three times per week. The doses of ethinyl estradiol (or placebo) were adjusted for chronologic age and pubertal status. At the first visit after the age of 12.0 years, patients in all treatment groups received escalating doses of ethinyl estradiol. Growth hormone injections were terminated when adult height was reached. RESULTS: The mean standard-deviation scores for adult height, attained at an average age of 17.0±1.0 years, after an average study period of 7.2±2.5 years were -2.81±0.85, -3.39±0.74, -2.29±1.10, and -2.10±1.02 for the double-placebo, estrogen-alone, growth hormone-alone, and growth hormone-estrogen groups, respectively (P<0.001). The overall effect of growth hormone treatment (vs. placebo) on adult height was a 0.78±0.13 increase in the height standard-deviation score (5.0 cm) (P〈0.001); adult height was greater in the growth hormone-estrogen group than in the growth hormone-alone group, by 0.32±0.17 standard-deviation score (2.1 cm) (P = 0.059), suggesting a modest synergy between childhood low-dose ethinyl estradiol and growth hormone. CONCLUSIONS: Our study shows that growth hormone treatment increases adult height in patients with Turner's syndrome. In addition, the data suggest that combining childhood ultra-low-dose estrogen with growth hormone may improve growth and provide other potential benefits associated with early initiation of estrogen replacement. (Funded by the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development and Eli Lilly; ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT00001221.) Copyright © 2011 Massachusetts Medical Society. ER  - 
What is the significance of soluble and endogenous secretory receptor for advanced glycation end products in liver steatosis in obese prepubertal children?; The endogenous secretory receptor for advanced glycation end products (esRAGE) and soluble RAGE (sRAGE) have been shown in human plasma and have emerged as reliable biomarkers of several pathological conditions, including insulin resistance and liver injury. We examined esRAGE and sRAGE levels in obese prepubertal children with and without liver steatosis. esRAGE and sRAGE levels were significantly lower in obese prepubertal children affected by liver steatosis and were independently related to liver steatosis. These findings suggest that AGE-RAGE pathway plays an independent role in the development of liver injury already present in this age group. Copyright 2011, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. ER  - 
Hyperinsulinemia and waist circumference in childhood metabolic syndrome; Objective: To determine the characteristics of obese children presenting at a tertiary care hospital and the frequency of metabolic syndrome (MS) in them using two paediatric definitions. Study Design: Cross-sectional study. Place and Duration of Study: The Endocrine Clinic of National Institute of Child Health, Karachi, from November 2005 till May 2008. Methodology: A total of 262 obese children aged 4-16 years, with BMI greater than 95th percentile were included. Children having obesity due to syndromes, medications causing weight gain, chronic illness and developmental disability were excluded. Blood pressure, waist circumference, fasting triglycerides, HDL, insulin and glucose levels were obtained. Obesity was defined as BMI > 95th percentile for age and gender according to the UK growth reference charts. The prevalence of metabolic syndrome was estimated using to the De Ferrantis and Lambert definitions. Results: The frequency of MS varied between 16% and 52% depending on whether insulin levels were included in the definition. There was a significant positive correlation(r) when the metabolic parameters were correlated with waist circumference and insulin levels, except HDL which was negatively correlated. All the metabolic parameters like waist circumference, triglycerides, high density lipoprotein cholesterol and systolic blood pressure increased considerably across the insulin quartile (p < 0.05). The most noteworthy anthropometric and metabolic abnormality were the waist circumference (46.5%) and insulin levels (58%) respectively. Conclusion: There was a marked difference in the frequency of metabolic syndrome according to the definition used. The waist circumference and hyperinsulinemia are significant correlates of MS in obese children. There is a need for establishing normal insulin ranges according to age, gender and pubertal status. The clinical examination and investigations ought to include waist circumference and insulin levels together as a part of the definition of MS, for early detection and intervention of childhood obesity. © 2011. College of Physicians & Surgeons Pakistan. ER  - 
The influence of an educational program on the HbA1c-level of adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus: A retrospective study; Objectives: Adherence to diabetes management tasks in type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) patients deteriorates during puberty. This causes glycemic dysregulation, which accelerates the development of long-term complications. Methods: The data of 25 poorly regulated T1DM-patients were compared before and 3 and 9 months after a psycho-educational program. Data were extracted from patient's records. The psycho-educational program consisted of three sessions for the patients and one for the parents in a 3-month period. Results: HbA 1c -levels at baseline (10.0±0.72 % ), decreased by 0.65 % after 9 months follow-up (p=0.08). A subgroup of 15 patients showed a clinical significant HbA 1c -reduction of ≥ 0.5 % at 9 months follow-up (subgroup A), with a mean reduction of 1.6 %. Conclusions: These encouraging results show that a psychoeducational program can be of benefit in improving HbA1c - levels in poorly regulated adolescents with T1DM. More research with a larger population is necessary to evaluate the value of psycho-educational programs in this age-group. © 2011 by Walter de Gruyter Berlin New York. ER  - 
Contribution of clinical, metabolic, and genetic factors on hypertension in obese children and adolescents; The role of ACE gene insertion (I) or deletion (D) polymorphism on blood pressure phenotype is not clear in children. The aim of this work is to examine the association between hypertension and ACE I/D polymorphism, as well as the contribution of clinical and metabolic parameters on blood pressure. The study participants were 199 obese children. Forty-four of them were hypertensive. The hypertensive subjects were older than the normotensive and most of them were pubertal. The prevalence of hypertension in obese subjects with II, ID, and DD genotype was similar. There was no difference between the hypertensive and the normotensive group according to ACE I/D genotype, BMISDS, sex, blood glucose level and total cholesterol levels. In obese children, high IR-HOMA values, puberty, presence of family history for hypertension, hypertriglyceridemia, and low HDLcholesterol, high triglyceride/HDL-cholesterol ratio were found as increased risk factors of hypertension. In obese children and adolescents, blood pressure did not differ by ACE I/D genotype. The presence of family history, puberty, insulin resistance and hypertriglyceridemia constitute important risk factors for developing hypertension. © 2011 by Walter de Gruyter Berlin New York. ER  - 
Maternal glucose concentration during pregnancy predicts fat and lean mass of prepubertal offspring; OBJECTIVE - Intrauterine exposure to high maternal glucose is associated with excess weight gain during childhood, but it is not clear whether the excess weight represents increased fat or lean mass. The purpose of this study was to examine the relationship between maternal glucose concentrations during pregnancy and offspring body composition. A secondary goal was to examine whether the association between maternal glucose and children's body fat was independent of energy intake, energy expenditure, or physical activity. RESEARCH DESIGN ANDMETHODS - Children aged 5-10 years and their biological mothers (n = 27) were recruited. Maternal glucose concentration 1 h after a 50-g oral glucose load, used to screen for gestational diabetes mellitus at 24-28 weeks gestation, was retrieved from medical records. Children underwent dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry to measure body composition, indirect calorimetry to measure resting energy expenditure (REE), accelerometry to measure physical activity, and three 24-h diet recalls to measure energy intake. RESULTS - Maternal glucose concentration during pregnancy was positively associated with children's lean mass (P < 0.05) and adiposity (fat mass adjusted for lean mass; P < 0.05). The association between maternal glucose and children's adiposity was independent of children's REE, percent of time spent physically active, and energy intake (P < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS - Intrauterine exposure to relatively high maternal glucose is associated with greater lean mass and adiposity among prepubertal offspring. Further research is needed to examine the mechanisms by which maternal glucose concentrations during pregnancy influence children's body composition. © 2011 by the American Diabetes Association. ER  - 
Pubertal changes of insulin sensitivity, acute insulin response, and β-cell function in overweight Latino youth; Objective: To examine changes in insulin sensitivity (SI), compensatory acute insulin response (AIR), and β-cell function/disposition index (DI) across puberty in overweight Latino boys and girls. Study design: Latino children (n = 253) were followed annually for up to 5 years. Longitudinal modeling was used to examine changes in SI, AIR, DI, and fasting and 2-hour glucose and insulin across Tanner stage. Results: In boys, SI decreased in early puberty with a recovery by late puberty. The compensatory increase in AIR was appropriate in early maturation, but after Tanner stage 3, AIR declined by more than that predicted from the recovery in SI. For girls, SI decreased in early puberty and across all stages of maturation. In early maturation, there was an appropriate compensatory increase in AIR, but after Tanner stage 3, AIR decreased. Thus, DI deteriorated across puberty in boys and girls. Conclusions: In overweight Hispanic youth, compensatory changes in insulin secretion fails after Tanner stage 3 in both sexes, indicating β-cell deterioration during this critical period of development, thus increasing risk for type 2 diabetes. © 2011 Mosby Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Effects of growth hormone and nutritional therapy in boys with constitutional growth delay: A randomized controlled trial; Objective: To examine whether supplemental nutrition augments the anabolic actions of growth hormone (GH) in boys with constitutional delay of growth and maturation (CDGM). Study design: We conducted a randomized, controlled trial at an outpatient clinical research center. Subjects were 20 prepubertal boys (age, 9.3 ± 1.3 years) with CDGM (height standard deviation score, -2.0 ± 0.5; bone age delay, 1.8 ± 0.8 years; body mass index standard deviation score, -1.2 ± 1.0; peak stimulated GH, 15.7 ± 7.7 ng/mL), who were randomized (n = 10/group) to 6 months observation or daily nutritional supplementation, followed by additional daily GH therapy in all for another 12 months. t tests and repeated measures analyses of variance compared energy intake, total energy expenditure (TEE), growth, hormones, and nutrition markers. Results: Energy intake was increased at 6 months within the nutrition group (P = .04), but not the observation group, and TEE was not statistically different within either group at 6 months. Addition of 6 months GH resulted in higher energy intake and TEE in the GH/nutrition group at 12 months (P < .01), but not in the GH group versus baseline. Height, weight, lean body mass, hormones, and nutrition markers increased comparably in both groups throughout 18 months. Conclusion: Boys with CDGM use energy at an accelerated rate, an imbalance not overcome with added nutrition. GH therapy increases growth comparably with or without added nutrition in these patients. © 2011 Mosby Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Cardiovascular risk factors in children exposed to maternal diabetes in utero; Aims/hypothesis: Recent studies have provided evidence that intrauterine exposure to maternal diabetes has lifelong effects on adult offspring, including increased risks of obesity, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. The aim of this study was to assess the relationship between exposure to maternal diabetes in utero and cardiovascular risk factors in healthy children and to investigate whether these associations are independent of maternal prepregnancy BMI and offspring attained BMI. Methods Data were from a retrospective cohort of children aged 6-13 years born during 1994-2002. Multiple linear regression was used to examine the associations between exposure and cardiovascular risk factors with adjustment for demographic factors and pubertal stage and additionally for maternal prepregnancy BMI and offspring attained BMI. Results Ninety-nine offspring of diabetic pregnancies had significantly increased E-selectin, vascular adhesion molecule 1 (VCAM1), leptin, waist circumference, BMI and systolic blood pressure and decreased adiponectin levels compared with 422 offspring of non-diabetic pregnancies after adjustment for age, sex and race/ethnicity (p<0.05 for each risk factor). Additional adjustment for maternal prepregnancy BMI substantially attenuated group differences in the risk factors except for E-selectin, VCAM1 and waist circumference, which remained significantly higher in exposed children. Conclusions/interpretation: Compared with unexposed children, healthy offspring exposed to maternal diabetes in utero have a worse cardiovascular risk profile. In particular, offspring have substantially increased levels of circulating cellular adhesion molecules, which are biomarkers of adverse endothelium perturbation and may be related to the earliest preclinical stages of atherosclerosis and diabetes. © Springer-Verlag 2010. ER  - 
Iron load and liver enzymes in 10- and 13-year-olds; OBJECTIVES: Iron plays a pivotal role in adult steatosis, but its role in child and adolescent steatosis is unclear. We investigated the effect of dietary iron, serum iron, and ferritin on serum transaminases and γ- glutamyltransferase in 10- and 13-year-olds. PATIENTS AND METHODS: The study included 4894 fifth and eighth graders enrolled between 2006 and 2009 in all schools in Shunan City, Japan. Multiple regression analyses were performed with adjustments for grade, sex, z score of the body mass index, serum lipids, plasma glucose, frequency of sports activities, having a single parent, number of siblings, tobacco smoking behavior, passive smoking at home, resident areas, and schools, using linear mixed models. In addition, we analyzed ferritin and insulin resistance in randomly selected subset of participants. RESULTS: Dietary iron intake was positively associated with serum alanine aminotransferase levels (standardized coefficient β = 2.35, P = 0.019). Serum iron concentrations were associated with transaminase and γ-glutamyltransferase levels (β = 3.22, and 4.05, respectively, P < 0.01). In the subset of 421 subjects with further serum analysis, serum ferritin levels were significantly associated with serum enzyme levels (β = 2.43-3.35; P < 0.05) and showed significant odds ratio for the elevated alanine aminotransferase levels (1.05 for 1 SD with 95% confidence intervals 1.02-1.08). However, iron load did not show a positive association with insulin resistance. CONCLUSIONS: Although an effect size for iron is small in regression analyses, iron is implicated in increased transaminase levels in prepubertal and pubertal children. © 2011 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc. ER  - 
Inhibin B and anti-Müllerian hormone as markers of gonadal function after hematopoietic cell transplantation during childhood; Background: It is difficult to predict the reproductive capacity of children given hematopoietic cell transplantation (HCT) before pubertal age because the plasma concentrations of follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH) and luteinizing hormone (LH) are not informative and no spermogram can be done.Methods: We classified the gonadal function of 38 boys and 34 girls given HCT during childhood who had reached pubertal age according to their pubertal development and FSH and LH and compared this to their plasma inhibin B and anti-Müllerian hormone (AMH).Results: Ten (26%) boys had normal testicular function, 16 (42%) had isolated tubular failure and 12 (32%) also had Leydig cell failure. All 16 boys given melphalan had tubular failure. AMH were normal in 25 patients and decreased in 6, all of whom had increased FSH and low inhibin B.Seven (21%) girls had normal ovarian function, 11 (32%) had partial and 16 (47%) complete ovarian failure. 7/8 girls given busulfan had increased FSH and LH and 7/8 had low inhibin B. AMH indicated that ovarian function was impaired in all girls.FSH and inhibin B were negatively correlated in boys (P < 0.0001) and girls (P = 0.0006). Neither the age at HCT nor the interval between HCT and evaluation influenced gonadal function.Conclusion: The concordance between FSH and inhibin B suggests that inhibin B may help in counselling at pubertal age. In boys, AMH were difficult to use as they normally decrease when testosterone increases at puberty. In girls, low AMH suggest that there is major loss of primordial follicles. © 2011 Laporte et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Prospective observational studies of the development of type 1 diabetes during childhood and puberty; The incidence of type 1 diabetes is increasing rapidly. Detecting the mechanisms underlying the autoimmune disease is a main goal of research. Studies investigating the pathogenesis of type 1 diabetes are working on the identification and characterization of exogenous, endogenous and genetic factors which induce or modify autoimmunity. Islet cell autoimmunity can be detected through screening for islet cell autoantibodies. This quantitative analysis allows the stratification of the individual risk for the development of type 1 diabetes. Prospective observational studies are most suitable to assess persons at risk, either because of the occurence of type 1 diabetes in the familiy or because of a genotype associated with increased risk. Age-related factors which are analysed in observational studies include nutrition, increase in height and weight, childhood diseases and vaccinations as well as psychosocial aspects. Identification and charakterization of these risk factors will serve as a basis for working on new approaches to prevent or to cure type 1 diabetes. Aim of this article is to provide an overview of the most relevant observational studies. ER  - 
Fibroscan: A new noninvasive method for evaluation of liver dysfunction in Turner syndrome; Eur J Clin Invest 2011; 41 (2): 183-188Background Raised liver enzyme value is frequently detected in patients with Turner syndrome (TS), but its clinical importance is still unclear.Objective To investigate the entity of liver involvement in TS and to avoid the invasiveness of liver biopsy, we planned to measure liver stiffness by transient elastography (TE).Design Cross-sectional study.Patients and methods Twenty-five consecutive patients with TS and a chronological age ≥ 12.5 years (mean age = 21.7 years), full pubertal development and final height's achievement were enrolled and investigated by blood biochemical analyses [glucose, insulin, aspartate-aminotransferase (AST), alanine-aminotransferase (ALT), gamma-glutamil transferase (GGT), alkaline phosphatase, cholesterol, triglyceride, HDL-cholesterol], ultrasonography and TE of the liver.Results Of 25, 7 subjects (28%) showed liver enzyme levels higher than the normal upper limit. Mean liver stiffness value in the entire study group was 4.5 ± 1.7 kPa, being significantly higher in patients with abnormal liver enzymes than in those with normal liver biochemistry (6.0 ± 2.9 vs. 4.0 ± 0.9, P < 0.05). Strong correlations were found between TE values and ALT (P < 0.005), GGT (P < 0.0001), Body mass index (P < 0.05), HOMA index (P < 0.05), HDL-cholesterol (P < 0.05) and triglycerides (P < 0.0001).Conclusions We can assert that (i) liver stiffness, measured by TE, strongly correlates with liver enzyme levels in patients with TS; (ii) the increased liver stiffness in patients with TS with biochemical signs of liver dysfunction is significantly related to metabolic syndrome parameters; (iii) TE may be an useful tool to select among patients with TS with elevated liver enzymes or other metabolic risk factors, those who deserve more invasive diagnostic procedures, namely liver biopsy, for the best characterisation of liver damage. © 2010 The Authors. European Journal of Clinical Investigation © 2010 Stichting European Society for Clinical Investigation Journal Foundation. ER  - 
Age of Onset of Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome in Girls May Be Earlier Than Previously Thought; Objectives: To study the age at diagnosis of polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) in a pediatric population. To compare risk factors involved in causing PCOS in preadolescent and adolescent girls. To review the current literature on the reported age of PCOS in girls. Design: A retrospective chart review and systematic review of the literature. Participants: Patients included 58 girls (age ≤18 yrs) with a diagnosis of PCOS based on the Rotterdam criteria. Girls were grouped as preadolescents (<13 yrs) or adolescents (13-18 yrs). Clinical and biochemical data were reviewed from the time of diagnosis. Main Outcome Measures: Age at diagnosis. Differences in risk factors for PCOS (Ethnicity, obesity, family history of PCOS, birth weight, age at pubarche, thelarche and menarche, evidence of hyperandrogenism and/or insulin resistance) were compared between the two groups. Results: There were 26% (15/58) preadolescent girls (9-12 yrs) vs 74% (43/58) adolescents (13-18 yrs). There was no significant difference between the two groups in ethnicity, BMI z-score, family history of maternal PCOS, birth weight, hyperandrogenism, or insulin resistance. Preadolescents with PCOS had significantly earlier onset of pubarche and thelarche than adolescents with PCOS, by 1.9 and 1.5 yrs, respectively (P = 0.018, 0.030). In addition to earlier puberty, PCOS developed 2.1 years sooner after thelarche in preadolescents than in adolescents. (P = 0.008) Preadolescents were significantly taller for age than adolescents (72nd % vs 43rd %) (P = 0.005).A review of the 28 studies published in the last 3 years that included PCOS patients with age <=18 yrs described only 6.4% (27/425) of pediatric subjects with age <13 yrs. Four were primarily pediatric studies that included patients under the age of 13 yrs, with 9.4% (12/127) of the patients <13 yrs. Conclusion: Increased awareness of PCOS in young females is needed. PCOS may occur at a younger age in girls who develop early pubarche and thelarche. Therefore, the diagnosis and workup should be considered in young girls with risk factors suggestive of PCOS. © 2011 North American Society for Pediatric and Adolescent Gynecology. ER  - 
Independent effects of age-related changes in waist circumference and BMI z scores in predicting cardiovascular disease risk factors in a prospective cohort of adolescent females; Background: Cross-sectional data indicate that central adiposity is associated with cardiovascular disease risk, independent of total adiposity. The use of longitudinal data to investigate the relation between changes in fat distribution and the emergence of risk factors is limited. Objective: We tested the hypothesis that age-related change in waist circumference (to reflect central adiposity) during adolescence is a significant predictor of longitudinal change in cardiovascular disease risk, after adjustment for change in body mass index (BMI) z score (to reflect total adiposity) in a cohort of postmenarcheal adolescent females. We also tested whether race modified this relation. Design: We analyzed publicly available data from the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute Growth and Health Study. Longitudinal regression models were fitted to investigate the independent effects of changes in waist circumference on cardiovascular disease risk factors. Results: Steeper age-related increases in waist circumference over time were associated with a greater increase in LDL-cholesterol concentrations, systolic blood pressure, diastolic blood pressure, and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance, after adjustment for BMI z score, in white but not in black females. Change in waist circumference was not a statistically significant predictor of age-related changes in HDL-cholesterol, triglyceride, insulin, and glucose concentrations, after adjustment for changes in BMI z score, in either white or black females. Conclusions: Our research suggests that monitoring waist circumference in addition to BMI z score has the potential to identify adolescents at risk of the emergence of cardiovascular disease risk factors, at least in white females. The data also suggest that race may modify the relation between fat distribution pattern and cardiovascular disease risk factors. © 2011 American Society for Nutrition. ER  - 
Phenotypical, biological, and molecular heterogeneity of 5α-reductase deficiency: An extensive international experience of 55 patients; Context: In 46,XY disorders of sex development, 5α-reductase deficiency is rare and is not usually the first-intention diagnosis in newborn ambiguous genitalia, contrary to partial androgen insensitivity syndrome. Yet the cause of ambiguous genitalia may guide sex assignment, and rapid, precise diagnosis of 5α-reductase deficiency is essential. Objective: The aim of the study was to describe relevant data for clinical diagnosis, biological investigation, and molecular determination from 55 patients with srd5A2 mutations identified in our laboratory over 20 yr to improve early diagnosis. Setting: The study was performed at Montpellier University Hospital. Patients: We studied a cohort of 55 patients with srd5A2 gene mutations. Main Outcome Measure(s): Genetic analysis of srd5A2 was conducted. Results: Clitoromegaly (49.1%) and microphallus with various degrees of hypospadias (32.7%) were frequent phenotypes. Female external genitalia (7.3%) and isolated micropenis (3.6%) were rare. Seventy-two percent of patients were initially assigned to female gender; five of them (12.5%) switched to male sex in peripuberty. Over 72% of patients were considered for 5α-reductase deficiency diagnosis when the testosterone/dihydrotestosterone cutoff was 10. In 55 patients (with 20 having a history of consanguinity), we identified 33 different mutations. Five have never been reported: p.G32S, p.Y91H, p.G104E, p.F223S, and c.461delT. Homozygous mutations were present in 69.1% of cases, compound heterozygous mutations in 25.5%, and compound heterozygous mutations alone with the V89L polymorphism in 5.4%. Exons 1 and 4 were most affected, with 35.8 and 21.7% mutant alleles per exon, respectively. Conclusions: In the largest cohort to date, we demonstrate a wide spectrum of phenotypes and biological profiles in patients with 5α-reductase deficiency, whatever their geographical or ethnic origins. Copyright © 2011 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Advanced pubertal growth spurt in subjects born preterm: The helsinki study of very low birth weight adults; Context: Among people born at term, low birth weight is associated with early puberty. Early maturation may be on the pathway linking low birth weight with cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. Subjects born preterm with very low birth weight (VLBW; <1500 g) have as adults increased risk factors for cardiovascular disease. Little is known about their pubertal timing. Objective: The objective of the investigation was to study the timing of pubertal growth in subjects born preterm with VLBW as compared with controls. Design, Setting, and Participants: A follow-up study of subjects born preterm including 188 VLBW and 190 term-born control subjects. Growth data were available for 128 VLBW and 147 control subjects, of whom we excluded 15 and 1, respectively, because of neurological impairment. Main Outcome Measure: Timing of pubertal growth spurt was estimated by assessing the ages, corrected for gestational age at birth, at acceleration (take-off) and peak height velocity of pubertal growth, and age at attaining adult height. Results: All components of pubertal growth occurred earlier in VLBW subjects than in controls. Age at take-off was 0.8 yr earlier [95% confidence interval (CI) 0.4 -1.3] in VLBW subjects born appropriate and 0.9 yr earlier (95% CI 0.4 -1.5) in those born small for gestational age. VLBW subjects were more likely to have a pubertal growth spurt that was at least 2 yr earlier than population average [odds ratio 3.8 (95% CI: 1.5-9.6)]. Conclusions: Prematurity per se is associated with advanced pubertal growth. Advanced puberty may be among the factors mediating adult metabolic outcomes in subjects born preterm with VLBW. Copyright © 2011 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Abnormal adipokines associated with various types of obesity in Chinese children and adolescents; Objective: To explore the role of adipokines including insulin, resistin, leptin, adiponectin, acylation stimulating protein (ASP) and complement C3 (C3) in various types of obesity (peripheral obesity, abdominal obesity and mixed obesity) in Chinese children and adolescents, and their relationships with body size and pubertal development. Children and adolescents (n=3 508) aged 6 to 18 years, with 1 788 boys and 1 720 girls were assessed for body mass index, waist circumference, pubertal development, blood insulin, resistin, leptin, adiponectin, ASP and C3 levels. Three types of obesity [peripheral obesity (n=43), abdominal obesity (n=473), mixed obesity (n=1 187)] and non-obese control (n=1 805) were defined with combined use of Chinese body mass index and waist circumference criteria. Serum resistin, leptin and adiponectin levels were higher in girls than those in boys (all P<0.01). Insulin and leptin increased and adiponectin decreased across five Tanner stages in both girls and boys (all P<0.001), while ASP changed only in girls (P<0.001) and C3 only in boys (P<0.001). Insulin, leptin and ASP were higher, but adiponectin was lower in all three types of obesity vs. the non-obese control (all P<0.05). The greatest abnormalities of all six adipokines were found in the mixed obesity group. With inclusion of body mass index and waist circumference in simultaneous regression analyses, both body size indices were independently and significantly correlated with insulin, leptin and adiponectin after age and gender adjustment. Compared with waist circumference, the body mass index was stronger in interpreting insulin, leptin, adiponectin and ASP levels, whereas it was weaker in explaining variance of plasma C3. Obese children have a worse metabolic profile with high insulin, resistin, leptin, ASP and C3, and low adiponectin levels. The adipokine profile in mixed obesity is worse than that in peripheral or abdominal obesity. Identification of obese subjects with a malignant adipokine profile using a combination of body mass index and waist circumference is important for the prevention of obesity-related disease. © 2011 The Editorial Board of Biomedical and Environmental Sciences. ER  - 
Decrease in Serum Adiponectin Levels Associated with Visceral Fat Accumulation Independent of Pubertal Stage in Children and Adolescents; Background and Aims: Childhood obesity is an important risk factor for the development of insulin resistance (IR) and its co-morbidities. However, visceral adipose tissue (VAT) rather than obesity appears to have a determining role in the development of IR. Adiponectin is considered a key molecule for protection against metabolic abnormalities related to IR. Several studies have documented that lower adiponectin concentrations are related to VAT, but the results are still controversial. We undertook this study to assess the association between VAT and adiponectin concentrations with respect to body mass index (BMI) and pubertal stage in children and adolescents. Methods: Eighty five subjects were studied (46 prepubertal and 39 pubertal) and classified according to BMI into obese and normal weight groups. All participants were given a clinical examination. Glucose, insulin, lipid profile and adiponectin were measured. VAT was estimated using helical computed tomography. Results: In the prepubertal group, obese children had lower adiponectin concentrations than nonobese subjects (p <0.001) but not in pubertal group (p = 0.67). When the total population was subclassified according to VAT, those with higher VAT had greater systolic and diastolic blood pressure, triglycerides, post-load glucose, insulin and HOMA-IR (p <0.001) compared to those with less VAT. HDL-C and adiponectin values trends to diminish as VAT increased (p = 0.005 and p = 0.015, respectively). Conclusions: Adiponectin concentrations are inversely associated with VAT in children. The higher amount of VAT is related to metabolic abnormalities including lower values of adiponectin, which could confer a greater risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease. © 2011 IMSS Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Acylated ghrelin levels in pre-pubertal obese children at diagnosis and after weight reduction: Effect of oral glucose ingestion; Background: Ghrelin isoforms are involved in energy homeostasis and carbohydrate metabolism. Aim: To determine the influence of oral glucose ingestion and weight reduction on acylated ghrelin (AG) serum levels and on the AG to total ghrelin (TG) ratio (AG/TGr) in obese pre-pubertal children. Subjects and methods: Seventy obese children were studied at diagnosis (D) and after reduction of their body mass index (BMI) of over 1 (-1; no.=51) and 2 SD score (-2; no.=21). Body composition was analyzed and serum levels of glucose, insulin, TG and AG, and the AG/TGr were determined at every time-point in an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) at D and at -2. The control group consisted of 32 lean children. Results: At D AG and TG levels were lower in obese children and negatively correlated with BMI. TG levels were negatively correlated with the homeostasis model assessment (HOMA) index in the whole cohort, as with the body fat content (BFC) in the obese patients. Weight loss exclusively reduced BFC and improved HOMA, increasing AG transiently and TG sustainedly, with AG/TGr exclusively decreasing at -2. Glucose ingestion caused a sustained increase in AG and decrease in TG, thus increasing the AG/TGr throughout the entire OGTT; this remained unaltered after weight reduction. Conclusions: TG and AG levels are influenced by BMI, showing an impairment in childhood obesity that can be improved through weight loss. The different fractions of ghrelin appear to play different roles in carbohydrate metabolism and the calculation of AG/TGr could be useful in the follow up of childhood obesity. ©2011, Editrice Kurtis. ER  - 
Polycystic ovarian morphology in postmenarchal adolescents; Objective: To evaluate the association of polycystic ovary morphology (PCOM) with ovarian function in adolescents and to determine its time course during two years of follow-up. Design: Prospective study. Setting: Academic center. Patient(s): Twenty healthy adolescents were followed from 2-4 years after menarche. Intervention(s): We performed annual ultrasonographic and hormonal studies. Ovulation was assessed during 6 consecutive months by measuring salivary progesterone levels. Main Outcome Measure(s): Persistence of PCOM during the years following menarche; ovulation in girls with PCOM. Result(s): PCOM was observed in 40%, 35%, and 33.3% of the ultrasonographic studies performed at 2, 3, and 4 years after menarche, respectively. The concordance between ultrasonographic diagnosis at 2 and 4 years postmenarche (50%) was nonsignificant (kappa = 0.08). PCOM was not associated with abnormalities in ovulatory rate, menstrual cycle duration, lipid levels, or homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance. However, lower FSH (4.8 ± 1.3 vs. 6.1 ± 1.9 mUI/ml) were observed in girls with PCOM compared with those without PCOM. Similar T and stimulated 17- hydroxyprogesterone on the leuprolide test were observed in girls with and without PCOM. Conclusion(s): PCOM is an inconstant finding in healthy adolescents and does not appear to be associated with decreased ovulatory rate or metabolic abnormalities in healthy adolescents. This finding suggests that PCOM may correspond to a physiologic condition during early adolescence. © 2011 American Society for Reproductive Medicine, Published by Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Growth hormone secretory status evaluated by growth hormone peak after two pharmacological growth hormone release stimuli did not significantly influence the two-year catch-up growth induced by growth hormone therapy in 318 prepubertal short children with idiopathic growth retardation; Background/Aims: In prepubertal short children with idiopathic growth retardation, growth hormone (GH) peak after GH release stimuli classifies patients as growth hormone- deficient (GHD) or non-GHD. This study compared a 2-year growth response to GH therapy in 318 prepubertal short children. Methods: Patients were classified as: severe GHD (GH peaks <5 ng/ml after 2 stimuli; n = 54), mild GHD (GH peaks <10 ng/ml, but one or two between 5 and 10 ng/ml; n = 140), dissociated GH release (GH peak ≥10 ng/ml after 1 stimulus and <10 ng/ml after the other; n = 89), and normal GH release (GH peaks ≥10 ng/ml after 2 stimuli; n = 35). Results: Two-year height gain did not differ statistically among the 4 groups: 1.39 ± 0.51 SD, 16.4 ± 2.3 cm; 1.23 ± 0.56 SD, 15.8 ± 2.1 cm; 1.18 ± 0.53 SD, 15.3 ± 2.0 cm, and 1.14 ± 0.53 SD, 15.4 ± 2.0 cm, respectively, as was also the case for bone age gain: 2.5 ± 0.6, 2.4 ± 0.7, 2.6 ± 0.7 and 2.3 ± 0.5 years, respectively. Conclusions: Our results suggest that GH release stimuli are of little help for deciding on GH therapy in the clinical management of prepubertal short children with idiopathic growth retardation, while well-defined anthropometric and biochemical criteria may be useful. Copyright © 2010 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Timing of maturation and predictors of Tanner stage transitions in boys enrolled in a contemporary British cohort; This study describes the timing of puberty in 8- to 14-year-old boys enrolled in the Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children (ALSPAC) and identifies factors associated with earlier achievement of advanced pubic hair stages. Women were enrolled during pregnancy and their offspring were followed prospectively. We analysed self-reported pubic hair Tanner staging collected annually. We used survival models to estimate median age of attainment of pubic hair stage >1, stage >2 and stage >3 of pubic hair development. We also constructed multivariable logistic regression models to identify factors associated with earlier achievement of pubic hair stages. Approximately 5% of the boys reported Tanner pubic hair stage >1 at age 8; 99% of boys were at stage >1 by age 14. The estimated median ages of entry into stages of pubic hair development were 11.4 years [95% confidence interval (CI) 11.3, 11.4] for stage >1, 12.7 years [95% CI 12.7, 12.8] for stage >2 and 13.5 years [95% CI 13.5, 13.6] for stage >3. Predictors of younger age at Tanner stage >1 included low birthweight, younger maternal age at delivery and being taller at age 8. Associations were found between younger age at attainment of stage >2 and gestational diabetes and taller or heavier body size at age 8. Being taller or heavier at age 8 also predicted younger age at Tanner stage >3. The results give added support to the strong influence of pre-adolescent body size on male pubertal development; the tallest and heaviest boys at 8 years achieved each stage earlier and the shortest boys later. Age at attainment of pubic hair Tanner stages in the ALSPAC cohort are similar to ages reported in other European studies that were conducted during overlapping time periods. This cohort will continue to be followed for maturational information until age 17. © 2010 Blackwell Publishing Ltd. ER  - 
Elevated anti-Müllerian hormone (AMH) and inhibin B levels in prepubertal girls with type 1 diabetes mellitus; Objective Elevated anti-Müllerian hormone (AMH) and adrenal androgen levels have been observed during childhood in girls at risk of developing polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS). The aim of this study was to evaluate ovarian function and adrenal steroid levels in prepubertal girls with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1D). Design Cross-sectional study. Patients/Measurements We evaluated hormonal and ultrasonographic characteristics in girls with T1D (N = 73) and compared them to characteristics found in a control group of healthy girls (N = 86). Data are reported as geometric means (95% CI). Results Prepubertal girls with T1D had higher levels of AMH (29·1 pmol/l (23·2-36·3) vs 20·9 pmol/l (16·6-26·1), P = 0·038), inhibin B (arithmetic mean: 16·7 pg/ml (11·6-21·7) vs 11·7 pg/ml (10·0-13·5), P = 0·044) and dehydroepiandrosterone sulphate (DHEAS) (0·3 nmol/l (0·2-0·6) vs 0·2 nmol/l (0·1-0·3)) than controls (P = 0·045). During puberty, decreasing AMH levels were observed in girls with T1D only (P < 0·0001). Girls with T1D in Tanner stages 4-5 had lower AMH levels than their paired healthy controls (10·1 pmol/l (7·4-13·9) vs 15·7 pmol/l (11·6-21·3), respectively, P = 0·047). Conclusions Our observations indicate that prepubertal girls with T1D may exhibit similar endocrine findings to those of other girls at risk of developing PCOS. The elevated levels of AMH and inhibin B suggest that higher numbers of follicles are present in the ovary during childhood in these patients and that insulin treatment may act as a local growth factor. In addition, AMH levels differed in prepubertal and pubertal girls, suggesting that the effect of T1D on ovarian folliculogenesis changes once gonadotrophin levels rise during puberty. © 2010 Blackwell Publishing Ltd. ER  - 
25-Hydroxyvitamin D, insulin-like growth factor-I, and bone mineral accrual during growth; Context: The extent to which 25-hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D] and IGF-I influence bone mineral content (BMC) accrual from early to mid-puberty is unclear. Objective, Setting, and Participants: This study sought to determine relationships among 25(OH)D, IGF-I, and BMC in community-dwelling prepubertal females (n = 76; aged 4-8 yr at baseline) over a period of up to 9 yr. Design: The hypothesis that changes in IGF-I vs. 25(OH)D are more strongly associated with BMC accrual was formulated after data collection. 25(OH)D and IGF-I were log-transformed and further adjusted using two-way ANOVA for differences in season and race. Linear mixed modeling (including a random subject-specific intercept and a random subject-specific slope on age) was employed to analyze the proportion of variance the transformed 25(OH)D and IGF-I variables explained for the bone outcomes. Results: IGF-I was more strongly associated with BMC accrual than 25(OH)D at the total body (R2 = 0.874 vs. 0.809), proximal femur (R2 = 0.847 vs. 0.771), radius (R2 = 0.812 vs. 0.759), and lumbar spine (R2=0.759 vs. 0.698). The rate of BMC accrual was positively associated with changesin IGF-I but negatively associated with 25(OH)D. When IGF-I and 25(OH)D were included in the same regression equation, 25(OH)D did not have a significant predictive effect on BMC accrual above and beyond that of IGF-I. Conclusions: These prospective data in early adolescent females indicate that both 25(OH)D and IGF-I have a significant impact on bone mineral accrual; however, the positive association of IGF-I and BMC accrual is greater than the negative association of 25(OH)D and BMC accrual. Copyright © 2011 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Prevalence and determinants of obesity and overweight among reproductive age women living in the semi-arid region of Brazil; The study estimated the prevalence and determinants of overweight and obesity in women of reproductive age in the Semi-Arid Region of Brazil. In the cluster sampling of 8,000 households of the state of Ceará, 6,845 women were surveyed. Overweight and obesity were measured by the body mass index and risk factors identified by multivariate analysis. The prevalences of overweight and obesity were 32.6% and 16.1%, respectively. After adjusted analysis, obesity was positively associated with age >30 years (PR = 1.55), marital status, married (PR = 1.36), elementary education (PR = 1.40), age at menarche <12 years (OR = 1.59), having >1 child (PR = 1.65) and contraceptive use (PR = 1.31). Specific health and nutritional conditions were identified as highly associated to morbid obesity: Hypertension (PR = 3.11), diabetes (PR = 2.08), dissatisfaction with body image (PR = 4.26) and procedures for weight loss (PR = 2.73). The study concluded that overweight and obesity are highly prevalent in the Semi-Arid Region of Brazil. Education was the only socioeconomic determinant considered as amenable to change. The reproductive risk factors identified enforce the need to mobilize the services of prenatal and postpartum care and family planning to prevent and control obesity. ER  - 
Serum adipocyte fatty acid-binding protein, retinol-binding protein 4, and adiponectin concentrations in relation to the development of the metabolic syndrome in Korean boys: A 3-y prospective cohort study; Background: Adipocyte fatty acid-binding protein (A-FABP), retinol-binding protein 4 (RBP4), and adiponectin have been associated with insulin resistance and the metabolic syndrome in adults. Objective: We evaluated the association of A-FABP, RBP4, and adiponectin with the metabolic syndrome in Korean boys. Design: In this prospective cohort study, 159 boys participated in a school-based health examination and were followed up after 3 y. The metabolic syndrome in children was defined by using the pediatric adaptation of the National Cholesterol Education Program criteria. Results: Compared with normal-weight participants, overweight children had significantly higher A-FABP (23.6 ± 8.2 compared with 12.8 ± 5.1 μg/L, P < 0.001) and RBP4 (69.3 ± 17.1 compared with 59.7 ± 15.3 μg/mL, P = 0.001) concentrations and significantly lower adiponectin concentrations (11.5 ± 5.4 compared with 18.1 ± 8.4 μg/mL, P < 0.001). Baseline A-FABP concentrations were significantly higher in children who developed the metabolic syndrome than in those who did not, whereas adiponectin concentrations were significantly lower. Baseline RBP4 concentrations were not significantly different between the 2 groups. Multiple logistic regression analysis showed that only A-FABP was an independent predictor of the development of the metabolic syndrome after adjustment for Tanner stage, insulin resistance, body mass index, sleep duration, and physical activity (odds ratio: 17.3; 95% CI: 1.25, 239.76; highest compared with lowest tertile), whereas the significant association between adiponectin and the metabolic syndrome observed by using bivariate analysis reflects, in part, an underlying association with obesity. Conclusion: A-FABP predicts the development of the metabolic syndrome independently of pubertal status, adiposity, and insulin resistance in Korean boys. © 2011 American Society for Nutrition. ER  - 
Gender-specific association of serum uric acid with metabolic syndrome and its components in juvenile obesity; Background: Hyperuricemia has been implicated in the pathogenesis of obesity and related metabolic abnormalities. Studies on the association between serum uric acid (sUA) and metabolic syndrome (MetS) in juvenile obesity are scant. The effect of gender has not been evaluated. Methods: sUA (uricase method), anthropometric and biochemical indices were measured in gender-stratified children/ adolescents consisting of 113 overweight/obese and 71 lean individuals. Results: In males, sUA was significantly elevated in overweight as well as obese patients. sUA was strongly associated with obesity indices and reflected sexual development, decreases in high density lipoprotein-cholesterol, and moderately, the number of MetS components. Waist circumference (WC) and Tanner stage explained 40% of sUA variability. Controlling for body mass index (BMI) and other MetS components, sUA was associated with abdominal obesity, explaining 30% of variability in WC. In females, sUA was significantly increased in obesity, high blood pressure (BP), and MetS and corresponded with the number of MetS components, indices of glucose metabolism, triglycerides (TG), and the atherogenecity index. Insulin-resistance (IR) (homeostasis model assessment; HOMA) and high BP explained 29% of sUA variability, whereas sUA, while controlling for BMI, age, and other MetS components, was associated with hypertriglyceridemia, hyperglycemia, high BP, and abdominal obesity. IR mediated the associations with high TG and glucose. Conclusions: The association between sUA and MetS components in juvenile obesity is gender-specific, with females being related more closely and to more metabolic abnormalities. It may explain why, despite its lower concentrations, sUA is an independent predictor of mortality from all causes and from vascular diseases exclusively in females. Our findings may help in identifying metabolic abnormalities which may possibly be targeted by reducing sUA in males and females. © 2011 by Walter de Gruyter. ER  - 
The prevalence of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) in high school students in Rasht in 2009 according to NIH criteria; Background: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrine disorder in women associated with many reproductive, endocrine, metabolic and cardiovascular dysfunctions. This study aimed to determine the prevalence of PCOS among high school students in Rasht. Materials and Methods: In a cross-sectional study, 1850 students were selected by a multi-stage cluster sampling from all high schools in Rasht. The inclusion criteria were: age 17-18 years, menarche from 10-16 years, normal prolactin and thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH) values, no history of anatomical malformation, no use of medication or hair-removal techniques, and a history of oligo- or amenorrhea. PCOS was diagnosed if both menstrual dysfunction and clinical hyperandrogenism were detected. Results: Mean age of subjects was 17.2 ± 0.7 years and the age of menarche was 12.8 ± 0.9 years. Of all students, 378 (20.4%) had oligomenorrhea and PCOS was diagnosed in 210 (11.34%) according to the National Institute of Health (NIH) definition. PCOS subjects, mean body mass index (BMI), waist circumference, and waist/hip (W/H) ratio were 21.1 ± 3.6, 73.4 ± 8.0 cm and 0.77 ± 0.05, respectively. A family history of diabetes mellitus type 2 was reported in 24.7% of subjects. Conclusion: The prevalence of PCOS in this study was similar to the international estimates of 10-20% in Caucasians. A long-term follow-up is needed to compare the accuracy of clinical determination of the disease versus diagnosis based on hormonal and/or sonographic assessments. ER  - 
Obesity measures, metabolic profiles, blood pressure and intake of dietary fatty acids in rural women of Asian Indian origin: Santiniketan women study; Objectives: The present cross-sectional study was aimed to investigate obesity measures, metabolic profiles, blood pressure, and intake of dietary fatty acids in rural women of Asian Indian origin. Materials and Methods: A total of 280 healthy rural women aged 25-65 years took part in the study. A random sampling procedure using a local voters' registration list was followed to select the participants. All participants belonged to the Bengalee population and were inhabitants of the Bolpur-Santiniketan area, West Bengal, India. Anthropometric measures, namely, height, weight, circumferences of waist and hip, skinfolds at biceps, triceps, subscapular, and suprailiac regions, etc., were collected using standard techniques. Body mass index (BMI), percentages of body fat (PBFs), basal metabolic rate (BMR), and intra-abdominal visceral fat (IVF) were measured using an Omron body fat analyzer (Omron Corporation, Tokyo, Japan). Fat mass (FM), fat free mass (FFM), waist-hip ratio (WHR), and sum of four skinfolds (SF4) were also taken into consideration. Blood pressure and metabolic and hormonal profiles were measured using standard techniques. The weekly consumption (frequency) of food stuffs was collected using an already validated food frequency schedule. Results: The result showed that the mean age was 41.52±10.95, BMI 23.07±4.34, PBF 31.76±7.06, BMR 1162.34±139.59, WHR 0.83±0.06, systolic blood pressure 118.84±20.35, diastolic blood pressure 77.77±12.12, total cholesterol 185.61±25.19, triglyceride level 135.82±30.39, high-density lipoprotein 48.13±6.13, low-density lipoprotein 109.90±22.53, fasting blood glucose 90.91±7.98, and insulin 11.98±3.42. The result also shows the mean intake of total protein to be 177.01±47.79, total energy 8321.60±1354.86, total fat 210.36±53.57, total PUFA 82.02±49.73, and total MUFA 94.01±16.38. The percentile distribution of the dietary fat intake revealed that the 10th and 95th percentile values of the total protein intake were 125.3 and 261.5, total energy intake were 7491.6 and 10470.2, total fat intake were 178.8 and 273.5, total PUFA intake were 55.5 and 191.7, and of the total MUFA intake were 86.0 and 126.9, respectively. Conclusion: It seems reasonable to argue that dietary management including dietary guidelines across India is essential to retard the growing incidence of cardiovascular diseases in coming years. ER  - 
Female sex as a risk factor for glycemic control and complications in Iranian patients with type one diabetes mellitus; Objective: The aim of this study was to evaluate the influence of sex on glycemic control, diabetes complications and associated abnormalities in patients with type one diabetes mellitus. Methods: In a cross-sectional study in 309 patients (156 females and 153 males within the age range of 3-16 years) with type one diabetes mellitus referred to endocrinology clinic in Children's Medical Center in Tehran from March 2005 to March 2007 gender differences in diabetes control were analyzed.Findings: Mean glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c), was significantly higher in females (9.25 vs. 8.01). Insulin dose per kilogram of body weight was significantly more in girls (0.91±0.31 vs. 0.74±0.37, P<0.001) self monitoring of blood glucose was performed significantly more in boys. Frequency of Diabetic ketoacidosis, height growth problems and dyslipidemia were significantly higher in girls. 1.20±0.86 vs. 0.93±0.55, P=0.004), (-0.05±1.20 vs. -0.41±1.17, P=0.015), (134.60±44.43 vs. 110.56±20.72, P=<0.001) respectively. Conclusion: Female sex is a risk factor in glycemic control and complications of diabetes type I and females should be managed more seriously regarding self monitoring of blood glucose, nutritional and psychological factors and puberty issues. © 2011 by Pediatrics Center of Excellence, Children's Medical Center, Tehran University of Medical Sciences, All rights reserved. ER  - 
Growth and development of overweight and obese girls; Introduction: The pattern of development of obesity during childhood and adolescence is unclear, hindering preventive strategies. Aim of the study: The aim of this study was to investigate the differences in growth and tempo of maturation between overweight or obese and normal weight girls. Materials and methods: The data were obtained from 1008 schoolgirls aged 16-18 years for whom earlier data on weight and height were available. The height and body mass were measured and the BMI was calculated. Height and weight in early life were assessed by medical records review. Underweight, overweight and obesity were assessed using the international BMI cut points, defined by Cole et al. Results: Girls in higher BMI categories at 7 years had significantly higher values of BMI at 9, 14 and 16-18 years of age, however only 10% of them were also overweight or obese at youth. Overweight and obese girls tend to lose body weight after the puberty period, whereas normal weight children tend to gain body weight. Overweight and obese children were significantly taller than their peers at 7, 9 and 14 years. Those differences vanished after the puberty period. The rate of height gain between ages 7 and 16-18 years was lower in girls with higher BMI values at childhood. Girls, those who were overweight or obese at young age experience menarche at a younger age than normal weight girls. Conclusion: The obtained data show that overweight and obesity in childhood is associated with rapid tempo of growth and maturity. ER  - 
Assessment of the influence of puberty on changes in post exercise glycaemia after variable intensity physical effort in children and adolescents with diabetes mellitus type 1 (DM1); Introduction: During the pubertal period the metabolic control is getting worse in the most of patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus (DM1). The insufficient metabolic control may impact the post-exercise glycaemia and cause the acute complications of the diabetes. Aim of the study was to assess the influence of puberty on changes in post exercise glycaemia after variable intensity physical effort in children and adolescents with diabetes mellitus type 1 (DM1). Material and methods: The study group consisted of 88 children with DM1, 6 to 19 years of age, mean age 13.00±2.77 (SD). The subjects were divided into three groups according to pubertal stage (29 prepubertal subjects, 33 pubertal and 26 postpubertal adolescents with DM1). Three tests of increasing intensity were performed, each lasting 20 minutes on three consecutive days. The controls were the same children with no exercise. Results: In prepubertal subjects statistically significant lower levels of glycaemia were found 3 minutes (p<0.05) and 1 hour (p<0.05) after high intensity exercise in comparison to the controls. The pubertal subjects had statistically significant lower levels of glycaemy after high (p<0.001, p<0.01, p<0.05) and moderate intensity exercise (p<0.05, p<0.05, p<0.01 respectively) in all three check points compared to controls. The postpubertal subjects were found to have statistically significant lower levels of glycaemy after moderate intensity exercise 3 minutes (p<0.01) and 1 hour (p<0.05) compared to controls and after high intensity exercises 3 minutes after the exercise (p<0.05). Conclusions: The rate of changes in post exercise glycaemy level depended on pubertal stage. The most significant decrease in post exercise glycaemy was observed in pubertal subjects. ER  - 
Bone mass and sex steroids in postmenarcheal adolescents and adult women with Type 1 diabetes mellitus; Objective: The aim of this study was to compare the bone mass in young adolescents and adult women with Type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) and determine its relationship with sex steroid and sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) levels. Design: Cross-sectional study. Patients: We studied a group of adolescents and adult women with T1DM (n=45) and 50 healthy controls (C) matched by gynecological age and body mass index in a case-control study. Girls with menarche within the last 18-40 months (n=17 T1DM and 32 C) and adult women (age=30.4+1.4 years; n=28 T1DM and 18 C) were recruited. Measurements: Bone mass was evaluated with a GE Lunar Prodigy densitometer. Sex steroid levels were measured by radioimmunoassay. Results: Bone mass was lower in adolescents with T1DM than in control adolescents, but was similar in both groups of postmenarcheal girls after adjusting for age, lean, and fat mass. However, adult T1DM women exhibited lower adjusted and unadjusted (P<.05) Z-femoral neck (-0.2±0.2 vs. 0.4±0.2) and bone mineral content (BMC) (2306±61 vs. 2645±79 g) than adult controls. Adult controls and T1DM adults showed higher whole body BMC than adolescent controls and T1DM adolescents, respectively. Bone mass in T1DM did not correlate with estradiol, free estradiol, testosterone, SHBG, or HbA1c levels. Conclusions: The diminished bone mass observed in adult T1DM women does not appear to be related to sex steroid levels. In young adolescents with T1DM, the observed decrease in bone mass appears to be related to differences in body composition and age. © 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Natural history of idiopathic advanced bone age diagnosed in childhood: Pattern of growth and puberty; Background: Significant idiopathic bone age (BA) advancement is defined as BA >2 SD above the mean chronological age (CA) with no underlying etiology. BA advancement due to endocrinopathies is associated with early puberty and compromised adult height (AHt), necessitating treatment. The natural history of idiopathic BA advancement is not well-established. Aim: To determine the pattern of growth and puberty, and validity of AHt prediction in idiopathic BA advancement. Methods: Fifty-five prepubertal patients (20 boys aged 6.7 ± 2.2 years, 35 girls aged 6.4 ± 2.0 years) evaluated between 1985 and 2008 were found to have idiopathic BA advancement. Assessed during follow-up were: BA, height (Ht), weight (Wt), pubertal course and predicted AHt (PAHt). Attained AHt was compared to PAHt and to midparental Ht (MPHt). Results: Throughout follow-up, BA-SDS (SD score) significantly declined (p < 0.001), Ht-SDS significantly decreased (p = 0.006) and Wt-SDS did not change. Pubertal onset, duration and growth were within the normal range. Attained AHts did not differ significantly from MPHts (boys: 172 ± 6.7 vs. 171 ± 6.1 cm; girls: 160.5 ± 6.5 vs. 159.0 ± 6.8 cm). PAHts using the 'accelerated' tables of Bayley and Pinneau were accurate. Conclusion: Idiopathic BA advancement differs from BA advancement with underlying endocrinopathy in evolution of BA progression (decline in BA-SDS), growth pattern, validity of AHt prediction and uncompromised AHt. This indicates that it requires minimal clinical monitoring and usually does not mandate treatment. Copyright © 2010 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Development, validation and use of an insulin sensitivity score in youths with diabetes: The SEARCH for diabetes in youth study; Aims/hypothesis: The ability to measure insulin sensitivity across the phenotypic spectrum of diabetes may contribute to a more accurate characterisation of diabetes type. Our goal was to develop and validate an insulin sensitivity (IS) score using the euglycaemic-hyperinsulinaemic clamp in a subset (n=85) of 12- to 19-year-old youths with diabetes participating in the SEARCH study in Colorado, USA. Methods: Youths with a diagnosis of type 1 (n=60) or type 2 diabetes (n=25) underwent a 3 h clamp to measure glucose disposal rate (GDR, mg kg-1 min-1). Demographic (age, sex, race), clinical (BMI, waist, Tanner stage) and metabolic characteristics (HbA1c, lipids, blood pressure, urine albumin:creatinine) were used to estimate log eIS score via stepwise linear regression on a modeldevelopment set (n=53). Estimated IS score was evaluated for reproducibility on two validation sets: youths with diabetes (n=33) and healthy control youths (n=22). Results: The best model included waist, triacylglycerol (TG) and HbA1c levels (R2=0.74). Diabetes type did not enter the model and there were no significant interactions between diabetes type and other predictors. Estimated IS score correlated well (r=0.65, p<0.0001; r=0.62, p=0.002) with GDR on the two validation sets. Based on this analysis, we propose the following formula to estimate insulin sensitivity in youths with diabetes: logeIS = 4:64725 - 0:02032 (waist; cm) - 0:09779 (HbA1c; %) - 0:00235 (TG; mg=dl; to convert TG values from mmol=l to mg=dl; divide by 0:0113). Conclusions/ interpretation: Insulin sensitivity can be estimated in adolescents with diabetes using routinely collected measures. This score can be applied to epidemiological studies of youths with diabetes to characterise relationships between dimensions of diabetes type. © Springer-Verlag 2010. ER  - 
Association of exposure to diabetes in utero with adiposity and fat distribution in a multiethnic population of youth: The Exploring Perinatal Outcomes among Children (EPOCH) study; Aims/hypothesis: To evaluate whether exposure to maternal gestational diabetes (GDM) is associated with adiposity and fat distribution in a multiethnic population of children. Methods: Retrospective cohort study of 82 children exposed to maternal GDM and 379 unexposed youths 6-13 years of age with measured BMI, waist circumference, skinfold thickness, and visceral and subcutaneous abdominal fat. Results Exposure to maternal GDM was associated with higher BMI (p=0.02), larger waist circumference (p=0.004), more subcutaneous abdominal fat (p=0.01) and increased subscapular to triceps skinfold thickness ratio (p=0.01) in models adjusted for age, sex, race/ethnicity and Tanner stage. Adjustment for socioeconomic factors, birthweight and gestational age, maternal smoking during pregnancy and current diet and physical activity did not influence associations; however, adjustment for maternal pre-pregnancy BMI attenuated all associations. Conclusions/interpretation: Exposure to maternal GDM is associated with increased overall and abdominal adiposity, and a more central fat distribution pattern in 6- to 13-year-old youths from a multi-ethnic population, providing further support for the fetal overnutrition hypothesis. © Springer-Verlag 2010. ER  - 
Association between the FTO rs9939609 polymorphism and leptin in European adolescents: A possible link with energy balance control. the HELENA study; We examined the association between the FTO rs9939609 polymorphism and serum leptin concentrations in adolescents. The FTO rs9939609 polymorphism was genotyped, and fasting serum leptin and insulin were measured in 655 European adolescents (365 females) aged 14.61.2 years. We measured weight, height, triceps and subscapular skinfolds and waist circumference, and body fat percentage was calculated. Sex, pubertal status, center, physical activity (accelerometry), total or central adiposity and serum insulin concentrations were entered as confounders in the analyses. The minor A allele of the FTO rs9939609 was significantly associated with higher serum leptin concentrations independently of potential confounders including adiposity (3.9 ng ml 1 per risk allele (95% confidence interval: 2.0, 5.9); adjusted P≥0.001). These findings could link the FTO gene with serum leptin and consequently with the control of energy balance. Leptin could be a possible intermediary contributing to the association between the FTO rs9939609 polymorphism and adiposity. © 2011 Macmillan Publishers Limited All rights reserved. ER  - 
Ovulation rate in adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus; Objective: To study ovulation in adolescents with type 1 diabetes (T1D) and the effect of hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) levels on their ovulatory function. Design: Prospective investigation. Setting: Academic research institute. Patient(s): Adolescents with T1D (n = 31) and healthy girls (n = 52). Intervention(s): Ovulation assessed through the measurement of salivary progesterone (days 13, 18, 23, and 28 of each cycle). Main Outcome Measure(s): Proportion of ovulatory cycles. Result(s): A total of 168 and 281 menstrual cycles were studied in the T1D and control girls, respectively. Metabolic control was defined as optimal if HbA1c was <7.5%. The proportion of ovulatory cycles was similar in the TID and control groups (34.5% and 36.3%, respectively). Regression analyses showed that the presence of T1D did not have a statistically significant effect on the ovulatory rate. However, more ovulatory cycles were observed in girls with T1D who had optimal metabolic control compared with those who had insufficient control (51.3% vs. 29.4%). Conclusion(s): In adolescent girls, T1D did not affect the rate of ovulation. A higher ovulatory rate was observed in those with optimal control compared with those with insufficient metabolic control, but a substantial proportion of ovulatory cycles were still observed in patients with higher HbA1c levels. © 2011 American Society for Reproductive Medicine, Published by Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Age at menarche, menstual caracteristics and the risk of gestational diabetes; OBJECTIVE: Early menarche and long or irregular menstrual cycles have been associated with higher risk of developing type 2 diabetes (T2DM). Since gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) shares several risk factors with T2DM and women who experienced GDM are at increased risk for developing T2DM, we examined associations of age at menarche and menstrual cycle characteristics with risk for GDM. STUDY DESIGN: The study population (N=3,490) was selected from participants of a prospective cohort study. Women attending prenatal care clinics were recruited prior to 16 weeks of gestation and followed until delivery. GDM was diagnosed using the American Diabetes Association (2002) guidelines. Information on age at menarche and menstrual characteristics was collected using interviewer-administered questionnaires. Logistic regression was used to estimate odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI). We also examined whether pre-pregnancy obesity (body mass index > 30kg/m2) and adulthood weight gain (≥ 5 kg) modified associations of age at menarche and menstrual characteristics with risk of GDM. RESULTS: Among study participants, 185 (5.3%) developed GDM. Women who had long menstrual cycles (> 36 days) had higher risk of GDM compared with women who had normal cycle length (25-30days) (OR 1.61 95%CI 0.98-2.67). This association was particularly evident among obese women. Obese participants who had long cycles had a 7.4-fold higher (95% CI 3.27-16.92) GDM risk compared with non-obese women who had normal cycle. In addition, we observed a significantly higher risk of GDM among participants with adult weight gain (≥ 5 kg) and longer menstrual cycles compared with women who gained < 5 kg in adulthood and did not have long cycles (OR 4.62; 95%CI 2.65-8.07). CONCLUSIONS: Women with long cycles, particularly obese women or women who gained≥ 5kg in adulthood, have increased risk for developing GDM. Menstrual history and characteristics may help to identify women with increased risk for developingGDM.Future studies to evaluate potential mechanisms of observed associations are needed. ER  - 
Pathological types of fosterage as a prognostic factor for childrens overweight; Background: We aimed to examine the relationship between a children's weight and family/psychosocial factors, to establish gender differences in eating behavior in obese children. Methods: This cross-sectional study involved 65 obese children (m / f = 33/32, mean age 13.5 ± 0.5 years) and 65 mothers. Psychological examination was conducted by Eidemiller test of family education and IEG-Kind test. All the analyses were performed with the Statistics 6.0 software, ANOVA test. Results: Significant gender differences (p < 0.05) were observed on the criteria: food remedy against the emotional stress, food as a problem; food restriction, fear of weight gain. In the girl's group were revealed a correlation with BMI: influence of foods (r = -0.41); forcing parents (r = -0.45). In puberty age girls observed a correlation BMI and points of IEG-Kind: food as a remedy against stress (r = 0.41); strength and the need for food (r = 0.38); dissatisfaction with their figures (r = 0.45), coercion by parents (r = -0.78). Two tests correlation analysis found differences depending on the stage of pubertat stage: in early puberty marked by a strong relationship between parents and the child's body weight (r = 0.53), increased fear of its increasing (r = 0.56). Conclusions: Findings indicated on the sex and age differences regarding its own body, restriction of food in children with obesity. ER  - 
The effect of good glucose control on menstrual characteristics in type one diabetic adolescents; Introduction: Little is known about the menstruating in patients with type one diabetes. Most studies have focused on adults, who have been asked to recall retrospectively their menstrual histories. A prospective study about menstruating with type one diabetic adolescence recommended. Materials and Methods: This study is a prospective longitudinal of correlation type. Subjects included 60 diabetic girls aged 11-19 referred to Iranian Diabetes Association.The amount of bleeding in terms of milliliter estimated by Higham pictorial chart. In this chart number and amount of wet pads used during menstruation completed by the patients. Also patients were asked to note starting and ending time of bleeding for 3 menstrual cycles. Twice HbA1c test at the distance 3 months were assessed. Those patients having Poly cystic ovarian syndrome (PCOs) or thyroid disturbance were excluded. 2 test, t-test, Pearson correlation coefficients and odd ratio were used. Results: Mean HbA1c value was 8.31±1.63 percent. Thirty seven (61.67%) patients had normal menstrual, and twenty-three (38.33%) had menstrual disturbances, including: eight (13.79%) disturbance in menstrual duration, fourteen (24.1%) disturbance in bleeding intensive, six (10.3%) disturbance in the menstrual cycle length and two (3.33%) secondary amenorrhea. No one had primary amenorrhea. Mean age at menarche was 12.83±1.47 years and middle age at menarche was 13 years. There was a statistically significant difference (p<0.045) in mean HbA1c between those with normal menstrual and those with menstrual disturbances. As HbA1c increased, the percent of patients with menstrual disturbances increased. There was statistically significant correlation between mean HbA1c and menstrual duration (r=0.28, p=0.03) and bleeding intensive (r=0.48, p=0.000). There was no statistically significant correlation between mean HbA1c and menstrual interval (r=-0.10, p= 0.45). There were no patients in either group with diabetic hypertension, retinopathy, nephropathy, neuropathy and heart disease. Conclusion: Tighter glycemic control, as measured by HbA1c concentrations, corresponded to improved menstrual disturbances in type one diabetes adolescents without PCOs and thyroid disturbance. ER  - 
Adipocytokines and bone mineral density in adolescent female athletes; Aim: To evaluate the relationships of visfatin, adiponectin and leptin with bone mineral density (BMD) and bone mineral content (BMC) in adolescent female athletes with different training patterns. Methods: This study involved 170 healthy 13-15-year-old girls divided into six groups based on activity: sport games (i.e. basketball, volleyball, badminton) (n = 49), track sprint (n = 24), rhythmic gymnastics (n = 23), swimming (n = 24), cross-country skiing (n = 17) and sedentary controls (n = 33). BMD and BMC at femoral neck and lumbar spine (L2-L4) were measured using dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry. Visfatin, adiponectin, leptin, insulin and glucose were measured, and the insulin resistance index was calculated using homeostasis model assessment. Results: There were no relationships found between visfatin concentrations and bone mineral parameters in adolescent female athletes or controls. Adiponectin was inversely correlated to BMD and BMC of femoral neck and lumbar spine (r=-0.47-0.62) in the swimmer group only, but after adjustments for age, height and body mass these associations disappeared. Leptin concentrations correlated with bone mineral parameters even after adjusting for age, height and body mass (r = 0.42-0.63) in the gymnast group only. Conclusion: We may conclude that after adjustment, leptin is the only adipokine of those measured that correlates to femoral neck and lumbar spine BMD and femoral neck BMC in the rhythmic gymnast group. © 2010 Foundation Acta Pædiatrica/Acta Pædiatrica. ER  - 
Weight loss in prepubertal obese children is associated with a decrease in adipocyte fatty-acid-binding protein without changes in lipocalin-2: A 2-year longitudinal study; Context: Lipocalin-2 and adipocyte fatty-acid-binding protein (A-FABP or FABP4) are adipokines potentially involved in the pathophysiology of obesity and metabolic syndrome in adults. In children, they have been scarcely studied. Objective: To analyze lipocalin-2 and A-FABP circulating levels before and after 2 years of a dieting and lifestyle intervention in a prepubertal obese cohort. Design and setting: Case - control study with a prospective follow-up of cases for 2 years in our referral pediatric endocrine outpatient center. Patients and methods: Seventy-three prepubertal obese children, 8.03±1.08-years old, and 47 age- and gender-matched lean controls were studied. Anthropometric parameters, blood pressure, fasting oral glucose tolerance test, homeostatic model insulin resistance index (HOMA-IR), lipid profile, lipocalin-2, and A-FABP were evaluated.Weight loss was considered if z-score body mass index (BMI) decreased at least 0.5 S.D. Results: At baseline, lipocalin-2 and A-FABP were higher in prepubertal obese children than those in lean controls (P<0.001). A-FABP showed a gradual increase, according to the obesity degree (r 2=0.632; P<0.001). After 2 years, obese patients who lost weight showed a decrease in A-FABP (a mean 2% reduction in BMI was associated with a mean 29% decrease in A-FABP (P<0.001)) without changes in lipocalin-2 levels. Regression model analysis adjusted by age, sex, BMI, and HOMA showed that A-FABP was lower in males (β=K5.77 (CI 95%: -9.7; -1.84)) and was modified by BMI (β=2.7 (CI 95%: 1.77-3.62), r2=0.659). Lipocalin-2 was not modified by any of these variables. Conclusions: Prepubertal obese children show high plasma lipocalin-2 and A-FABP levels, but only A-FABP is influenced by weight loss. © 2010 European Society of Endocrinology. ER  - 
Effect of weight reduction on insulin sensitivity, sex hormone-binding globulin, sex hormones and gonadotrophins in obese children; Objective: Obesity in men is associated with reduced insulin sensitivity and hypoandrogenism, while obesity in women is associated with reduced insulin sensitivity and hyperandrogenism. In children, the effect of obesity and weight reduction on the hypothalamo-pituitary - gonadal axis is rarely investigated. The aim of the present study was to investigate the effect of weight reduction in obese Caucasian children on insulin sensitivity, sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG), DHEAS and the hypothalamo-pituitary - gonadal axis. Methods: One hundred and sixteen (65 females) obese children with a median age of 12.3 (7-15) years were examined before and after a 10-week stay at a weight loss camp. Examination included anthropometry and fasting blood samples measuring plasma glucose, serum insulin, SHBG, DHEAS, testosterone, 17β-oestradiol, FSH and LH. Results: Body mass index (BMI) decreased (P<0.01), insulin sensitivity and SHBG increased (P<0.01), independent of gender and puberty. The changes in insulin sensitivity and the changes in SHBG correlated significantly (P<0.01) independent of gender, puberty and the changes in BMI. Testosterone increased in boys (P<0.01) and tended to decrease in girls (P=0.05, in girls after menarche (P=0.03)). FSH increased in boys and girls. LH increased in boys and was unchanged in girls. Conclusions: During weight loss, insulin sensitivity and SHBG increased significantly in obese children, and the changes in insulin sensitivity and the changes in SHBG correlated significantly independent of gender, puberty and the changes in BMI. There was sexual dimorphism in the changes of testosterone, with the changes in boys towards increased virilisation and the changes in girls towards less virilisation. © 2010 European Society of Endocrinology. ER  - 
Growth and development of male external genitalia: A cross-sectional study of 6200 males aged 0 to 19 years; Objective: To provide estimates of normal variations in penile measurements and testicular volumes, and to establish reference ranges for clinical use. Design: Cross-sectional, population-based study. Setting: Schools, kindergartens, and child care centers in different parts of Bulgaria. Participants: A population of 6200 clinically healthy white males aged 0 to 19 years. Interventions: The study physician chose schools, kindergartens, and child care centers randomly and examined children at random until he reached the required number. Each of the 20 age groups (age range, 0-19 years) had an equal number of males (ie, 310). Main Outcome Measures: The mean (SD) values and fifth, 50th, and 95th percentiles of height (Siber Hegner anthropometer), weight (beam balance), testicular volume (Prader orchidometer), penile length (rigid tape), and penile circumference (measuring tape) from birth to 19 years of age. Results: Testes did not show any increase in size until the onset of puberty at age 11 years, whereas penile growth was gradual after birth. However, both penile and testicular development demonstrated peak growth from 12 to 16 years of age, which coincided with the maximal male pubertal growth spurt. Data indicate an earlier pubertal development for this study population than that for a similar population several decades ago. Significant differences between urban and rural populations regarding penile length were also noticed. Conclusions: Our study provides the contemporary reference range values for height, weight, testicular volume, and penile length and circumference of males aged 0 to 19 years. Our data show that, even by the end of 20th century, there is still some acceleration of male pubertal development. For the first time are reported somatic differences in genitalia within a population between urban and rural representatives. ©2010 American Medical Association. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Male-line transgenerational responses in humans; Genomic imprinting establishes the principle of epigenetic marks placed in one generation influencing gene expression in the next generation. This led to speculation that epigenetic gametic inheritance might underlie a form of transgenerational adaptation to major environmental challenges, such that exposures in one generation correlate with outcomes in the next generation(s). An ongoing collaboration between Ume University, Sweden and the Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Childhood, Bristol University, UK has documented transgenerational correlations between food supply during the early life of the paternal grandparents and the grandchild's longevity, including associations with cardiovascular and diabetic deaths, and correlations between the onset of paternal smoking in mid-childhood and the body mass index of future sons. Whilst the mediating molecular mechanism(s) is unknown, the sex-specific transmission patterns and exposure-sensitive periods suggest a pre-evolved transgenerational response mechanism. © 2010 The British Fertility Society. ER  - 
The prevalence of stunting, overweight and obesity, and metabolic disease risk in rural South African children.; ABSTRACT: Low- to middle-income countries are undergoing a health transition with non-communicable diseases contributing substantially to disease burden, despite persistence of undernutrition and infectious diseases. This study aimed to investigate the prevalence and patterns of stunting and overweight/obesity, and hence risk for metabolic disease, in a group of children and adolescents in rural South Africa. A cross-sectional growth survey was conducted involving 3511 children and adolescents 1-20 years, selected through stratified random sampling from a previously enumerated population living in Agincourt sub-district, Mpumalanga Province, South Africa. Anthropometric measurements including height, weight and waist circumference were taken using standard procedures. Tanner pubertal assessment was conducted among adolescents 9-20 years. Growth z-scores were generated using 2006 WHO standards for children up to five years and 1977 NCHS/WHO reference for older children. Overweight and obesity for those <18 years were determined using International Obesity Task Force BMI cut-offs, while adult cut-offs of BMI > or = 25 and > or = 30 kg/m2 for overweight and obesity respectively were used for those > or = 18 years. Waist circumference cut-offs of > or = 94 cm for males and > or = 80 cm for females and waist-to-height ratio of 0.5 for both sexes were used to determine metabolic disease risk in adolescents. About one in five children aged 1-4 years was stunted; one in three of those aged one year. Concurrently, the prevalence of combined overweight and obesity, almost non-existent in boys, was substantial among adolescent girls, increasing with age and reaching approximately 20-25% in late adolescence. Central obesity was prevalent among adolescent girls, increasing with sexual maturation and reaching a peak of 35% at Tanner Stage 5, indicating increased risk for metabolic disease. The study highlights that in transitional societies, early stunting and adolescent obesity may co-exist in the same socio-geographic population. It is likely that this profile relates to changes in nutrition and diet, but variation in factors such as infectious disease burden and physical activity patterns, as well as social influences, need to be investigated. As obesity and adult short stature are risk factors for metabolic syndrome and Type 2 diabetes, this combination of early stunting and adolescent obesity may be an explosive combination. ER  - 
Association between physical activity and cardiovascular risk in Chinese youth independent of age and pubertal stage.; Childhood and adolescence are critical periods of habit formation with substantial tracking of lifestyle and cardiovascular risk into adulthood. There are various guidelines on recommended levels of physical activity in youth of school-age. Despite the epidemic of obesity and diabetes in China, there is a paucity of data in this regard in Chinese youth. We examined the association of self-reported level of physical activity and cardiovascular risk in Hong Kong Chinese youth of school-age. This was a cross-sectional study conducted in 2007-8 in a school setting with 2119 Hong Kong Chinese youth aged 6-20 years. Physical activity level was assessed using a validated questionnaire, CUHK-PARCY (The Chinese University of Hong Kong: Physical Activity Rating for Children and Youth). A summary risk score comprising of waist circumference, blood pressure, fasting plasma glucose and lipids was constructed to quantify cardiovascular risk. In this cohort, 21.5% reported high level of physical activity with boys being more active than girls (32.1% versus 14.1%, p < 0.001). Regression analysis showed physical activity level, sex and pubertal stage were independently associated with cardiovascular risk score. Self-reported level of physical activity is associated with cardiovascular risk factors in Chinese youth after adjusting for sex and pubertal stage. ER  - 
Menarchal timing in type 1 diabetes through the last 4 decades; OBJECTIVE - We sought to examine whether age at menarche has changed over the past 4 decades by comparing age at menarche by year of diagnosis with type 1 diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - This work consisted of a cross-sectional study of age at menarche in two cohorts: adolescents (ages 11-24 years, n = 228) and adults (ages 19-55 years, n = 290, enrolled in the Coronary Artery Calcification in Type 1 Diabetes study). RESULTS - The adolescent cohort reported a younger age of menarche than the adult women with type 1 diabetes (12.69 ± 0.08 vs. 13.22 ± 0.12 years, mean ± SE, P < 0.001). Age at menarche was later in both adolescent girls and adult women with type 1 diabetes diagnosed before menarche (12.82 ± 1.16 and 13.7 ± 2.23 years) than for individuals diagnosed after menarche (12.12 ± 1.25 and 12.65 ± 1.38 years, P < 0.001 for both). Age at menarche was then examined by decade of type 1 diabetes diagnosis (1970-1979, 1980-1989, 1990-1999, and 2000-2009). Age at menarche significantly declined over the 4 decades (P = 0.0002). However, the delay in menarche among girls diagnosed with type 1 diabetes before menarche compared with those diagnosed after menarche was also significant across all decades (P < 0.0001) and did not change significantly over time (P = 0.41 for interaction of cohort and diagnosis premenarche). CONCLUSIONS - Age at menarche has declined over the past 4 decades among girls with type 1 diabetes, but a delay in age at menarche remains among individuals diagnosed before menarche compared with individuals diagnosed after menarche. © 2010 by the American Diabetes Association. ER  - 
Fasting and 2-hour plasma glucose and insulin: Relationship with risk factors for cardiovascular disease in overweight nondiabetic children; OBJECTIVE - To determine whether elevated fasting or 2-h plasma glucose and/or insulin better reflects the presence of cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk markers in an overweight pediatric population with normal glucose tolerance. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - A total of 151 overweight youths (8-17 years old) were evaluated with oral glucose tolerance tests and measurement of CVD risk factors. The study population was categorized according to quartiles of fasting and 2-h glucose and insulin levels. ANCOVA, adjusted for age, sex, race, Tanner stage, and percent body fat (measured by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry), was used to compare metabolic variables between the quartiles of glucose and insulin groups. RESULTS - Increasing quartiles of fasting and 2-h insulin were associated with increasing CVD risk factors. Glucose quartiles on the other hand, either fasting or at 2 h, were not. CONCLUSIONS - These data suggest that hyperinsulinemia may be the earliest and/or primary metabolic alteration in childhood associated with risk markers for CVD. Prospective studies are needed. © 2010 by the American Diabetes Association. ER  - 
Prevalence of the metabolic syndrome using ATP-derived definitions and its relation to insulin-resistance in a cohort of Italian outpatient children; Objective: To analyze the prevalence of the metabolic syndrome (MetS) defined by three sets of Adult Treatment Panel 111 (ATPIII)-derived criteria, and the ability of each definition to identify insulin-resistance (IR) in a wide cohort of outpatient children. Subjects and methods: Seven hundred and twenty-four children consecutively observed in the Outpatient Pediatric Clinic of Pozzuoli Hospital during the period 2004-2009 were included in the study. Diagnosis of the MetS was made using three definitions: Cook, Jolliffe (which adopt age- and gender-specific cut-points) and de Ferranti. Insulin sensitivity was evaluated by homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). IR was defined by the 90th percentile of HOMA-IR in healthy non-obese Italian children grouped by gender and Tanner stage. The ability of each definition to identify IR was evaluated in terms of sensitivity and specificity. Results: The prevalence of the MetS in the overall cohort was 11,12 and 24% using Cook, Jolliffe and de Ferranti criteria, respectively. Sensitivity and specificity in relation to IR were 19 and 94% with Cook criteria, 21 and 92% with Jolliffe criteria, and 39 and 84% with de Ferranti criteria. Conclusions: The prevalence of the MetS in children increases with increasing body weight. Among the three definitions analyzed, de Ferranti identifies a larger number of children with the MetS. The prediction of IR is weak with all definitions; on the contrary, the absence of MetS identifies fairly well children with low degree of IR. ©2010, Editrice Kurtis. ER  - 
Prevalence and association between obesity and metabolic syndrome among Chinese elementary school children: a school-based survey.; China has experienced an increase in the prevalence of childhood overweight/obesity over the last decades. The purpose of this study was to examine the prevalence of obesity and metabolic syndrome among Chinese school children and determine if there is a significant association between childhood obesity and metabolic syndrome. A cross-sectional study was conducted among 1844 children (938 males and 906 females) in six elementary schools at Guangzhou city from April to June 2009. The body mass index (BMI), waist circumference, blood pressure, Tanner stage, lipids, insulin and glucose levels were determined. Criteria analogous to ATPIII were used for diagnosis of metabolic syndrome in children. Among 1844 children aged 7-14 years, 205 (11.1%) were overweight, and 133 (7.2%) were obese. The prevalence of metabolic syndrome was 6.6% overall, 33.1% in obese, 20.5% in overweight and 2.3% in normal weight children. Multiple logistic regression analysis showed that BMI (3rd quartile)(OR 3.28; 95%CI 0.35-30.56), BMI (4th quartile)(OR 17.98; 95%CI 1.75-184.34), homeostasis model assessment (HOMA-IR) (2nd quartile) (OR2.36; 95% CI 0.46-12.09), HOMA-IR (3rd quartile) (OR 2.46; 95% CI 0.48-12.66), HOMA-IR (4th quartile) (OR3.87; 95% CI 0.72-20.71) were significantly associated with metabolic syndrome. The current epidemic of obesity with subsequent increasing cardiovascular risk factors has constituted a threat to the health of school children in China. HOMA-IR and BMI were strong predictors of metabolic syndrome in children. Therefore, rigorous obesity prevention programs should be implemented among them. ER  - 
Insulin dose adjustment when changing from multiple daily injections to continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion in the pediatric age group; The aim of this study is to determine the proper initial dose adjustment when switching from multiple daily injections to continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion for type-1 diabetic pediatric patients. Our hypothesis is that the insulin adjustment varies depending on the pubertal status and the previous long-acting insulin used. Charts of 60 patients were reviewed. Data regarding insulin dose, type of insulin administrated, HbA1c, BMI, severe hypoglycemia and DKA events were collected during the previous year and after 6 weeks of pump therapy. In the prepubertal patients the reduction was 19% (26% if the previous insulin used was detemir). Pubertal patients experienced a decrease of 26%, and the detemir group 33%. The ratio long acting-basal/short acting-bolus insulin changed from 1.26 ± 0.84 to 0.93 ± 0.46 (P < 0.05). The total daily insulin dose needs to be decreased. Basal insulin constitutes 40-45% in prepubertal and 45-50% in pubertal patients. The reduction is different depending on the previous long-acting insulin used; being greater if the insulin is detemir. © 2009 Springer-Verlag. ER  - 
The patterns of glucose tolerance and insulin resistance among rural Chinese twin children, adolescents, and young adults; Pubertal insulin resistance (IR) is well recognized; but little data are available for glucose and insulin pattern from a large, unselected lean population. This report describes the age- and sex-specific distributions of glucose tolerance and IR in a rural Chinese twin population. This report includes 4488 subjects aged 6 to 24 years. The primary variables of interest are fasting plasma glucose, 2-hour postload plasma glucose (2-h PG), fasting serum insulin, 2-hour postload insulin, and the homeostatic model assessment for IR. Age- and sex-specific patterns for the primary variables are described using smoothing plot, arithmetic or geometric mean, and percentiles. There is an increase in fasting plasma glucose, 2-h PG, and IR during puberty (10-19 years) and a return to prepuberty level by the age of 20 years. Insulin resistance peaks at around the age of 14 years in girls and 16 years in boys. Two-hour postload plasma glucose and 2-hour postload insulin are higher in girls than in boys from early puberty, and the sex differences are more pronounced afterward. Moreover, the prevalence of impaired fasting glucose (IFG) and impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) increases after puberty and is higher in girls than in boys. In this community-based, nonobese rural Chinese twin population, we observed sex-specific remarkable pubertal surge of IR and modest increase in plasma glucose as well as increasing prevalence of IFG and IGT with age. Notably, females had higher 2-h PG and higher prevalence of IFG and IGT. Our study underscored that adolescence (even more so in females) is a critical period for developing IR and prediabetes. © 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
A double-blind, placebo-controlled comparison of letrozole to oxandrolone effects upon growth and puberty of children with constitutional delay of puberty and idiopathic short stature; Background/Aims: Constitutional delay of growth and puberty (CDGP) with short stature is one of the most common problems in pediatrics. We compared the effects of letrozole with that of oxandrolone on predicted adult height (PAH), puberty, bone mineral density, serum insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) and blood lipoproteins. Methods: In a prospective, double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trial, 91 CDGP boys (12.6-14.6 years old) with predicted short stature were treated with letrozole (2.5 mg/day), oxandrolone (2.5 mg/day), or placebo, at the outpatient pediatric endocrine clinic of Mofid Children's Hospital in Tehran for 2 years. Results: Letrozole differed from oxandrolone and placebo in significantly increasing PAH (p < 0.05), and slightly but significantly decreasing HDL-cholesterol. Oxandrolone, and to a lesser degree letrozole, significantly increased the height standard deviation score and bone age compared to placebo. Conclusion: This first randomized controlled clinical trial in CDGD teenage boys with predicted short stature shows that letrozole increases PAH more than oxandrolone and advances pubertal stage and bone mineralization less. Copyright © 2010 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Efficacy of metformin therapy in adolescent girls with androgen excess: Relation to sex hormone-binding globulin and androgen receptor polymorphisms; We studied the effects of the SHBG (TAAAA)n and androgen receptor gene [AR] (CAG)n allele length on endocrine-metabolic features and body composition (by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry) before and after 1 year on metformin (850 mg/d) in 70 girls with polycystic ovary syndrome after precocious pubarche; allele lengths were assessed by polymerase chain reaction in both patients and in population control subjects (n = 107). Longer SHBG (TAAAA)n alleles (>8 repeats) were associated with more improvement of the lipid profile after 1 year on metformin, whereas longer AR (CAG)n alleles were related to more normalization of the androgen and lipid levels after therapy; longer alleles in both genes had an additive effect on the beneficial changes of SHBG, T, and lipids after metformin. Copyright © 2010 American Society for Reproductive Medicine, Published by Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
The role of anorexigenic and orexigenic neuropeptides and peripheral signals on quartiles of weight loss in obese adolescents; Obesity is characterized as an inflammatory state associated with a modification in the pattern of adipokine secretion. The present study aimed to assess the role of anorexigenic and orexigenic neuropeptides and peripheral signals in obese adolescents submitted to 1. year of weight loss interdisciplinary therapy and grouped according to quartiles of weight loss. A total of 111 post-puberty adolescents, with a BMI >95th percentile, were included. Glycemia and lipid profiles were analyzed. Insulin resistance was estimated by HOMA-IR. Cytokine concentrations were measured by ELISA. The results are presented according to quartiles of weight loss: 1st (<2.5. kg). =low; 2nd (2.5-8. kg). =low to moderate; 3rd (8-14. kg). =moderate; and 4th (>14. kg). =massive. The most important finding was that the NPY concentration increased significantly only in the first phase of weight loss. Moreover, α-MSH variation was an independent factor in explaining the NPY changes during the intervention, confirming the role of the α-MSH concentration in the peripheral control of energy balance in obese adolescents. Indeed, BMI reduction was correlated with increased α-MSH (p<0.05). Massive weight loss promoted a significant increase in α-MSH concentration, and hyperleptinemia was reduced after intervention. All together, our findings, which contribute to our understanding of how orexigenic and anorexigenic systems are regulated by weight loss, will provide insight into the pathogenesis and treatment of obesity and other metabolic diseases, especially in obese adolescents. © 2010 Elsevier Ltd. ER  - 
Endocrine dysfunction following traumatic brain injury in children; Objective: To identify the incidence of endocrine dysfunction in children following traumatic brain injury (TBI). Study design: This was a prospective evaluation of 31 children after TBI. Inclusion criteria included Glasgow Coma Scale score ≤12 and age 1.5-18 years. We evaluated thyroid function, insulin-like growth factor I, insulin-like growth factor-binding protein 3, and cortisol at 1, 3, 6, and 12 months after injury, and assessed prolactin at 3 and 6 months. At 6 months, we also assessed overnight spontaneous growth hormone secretion, nocturnal thyrotropin surge, adrenal reserve, and serum and urine osmolarity. Results: The average patient age was 11.6 years, and mean Glascow Coma Scale score was 6. The incidence of endocrine dysfunction was 15% at 1 month, 75% at 6 months, and 29% at 12 months. At 12 months after injury, 14% had precocious puberty, 9% had hypothyroidism, and 5% had growth hormone deficiency. Endocrine dysfunction at 1 year did not correlate with the severity of injury. Conclusions: Endocrine dysfunction after TBI is common in children, but most cases resolve by 1 year. We recommend endocrine surveillance at both 6 and 12 months following moderate or severe TBI to ensure early intervention for persistent or late-occurring endocrine sequelae. © 2010 Mosby Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Thirty new loci for age at menarche identified by a meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies; To identify loci for age at menarche, we performed a meta-analysis of 32 genome-wide association studies in 87,802 women of European descent, with replication in up to 14,731 women. In addition to the known loci at LIN28B (P = 5.4 × 10 -60) and 9q31.2 (P = 2.2 × 10 -33), we identified 30 new menarche loci (all P < 5 × 10 -8) and found suggestive evidence for a further 10 loci (P < 1.9 × 10 -6). The new loci included four previously associated with body mass index (in or near FTO, SEC16B, TRA2B and TMEM18), three in or near other genes implicated in energy homeostasis (BSX, CRTC1 and MCHR2) and three in or near genes implicated in hormonal regulation (INHBA, PCSK2 and RXRG). Ingenuity and gene-set enrichment pathway analyses identified coenzyme A and fatty acid biosynthesis as biological processes related to menarche timing. © 2010 Nature America, Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Serum levels of insulin-like growth factor-I and oncogenic human apillomavirus natural history; Background: High serum levels of insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) are reported to be a risk factor for several common cancers, including prostate cancer, breast cancer, and colon cancer. Persistent infection with high-risk types of HPV is the main risk factor for the development of cervical cancer. However, HPV infections are selflimited and revert spontaneously, with only a small group of women developing cervical cancer. Recent cross-sectional data suggest a possible association of IGF-I with natural history of oncogenic HPV infection. Objective: To establish whether there is any correlation between IGF-I serum levels and natural history of oncogenic human papillomavirus (HPV). Methods: We conducted a nested case-control study within a prospective populational-based cohort of 2200 women followed-up during ten years (Bogota cohort) for study human papillomavirus natural history. We selected as a case, women who had oncogenic HPV infection and normal cytology result, and as a control, women with normal cytology result who never had oncogenic HPV infection during the follow-up. Total IGF-I was measured by ELISA (DSL, Webster, TX). Results:We retrieved serum sample from 62 cases and 106 controls. Of the 62 cases 15 got HPV infection at baseline (prevalent), 18 got transient HPV infection (clearance before 18 months) and 29 got persistent infection (more than 18 months of duration). Women with persistent and prevalent HPV infection showed higher IGF-I serum levels than those observed in controls and women with transient infection (41.38%, 40% 24.53% and 16.67% in the 4th quartile, respectively). Multinomial logistic regression results, adjusted by age, menarche, smoking parity and hormonal contraceptives showed that high IGF-I serum levels were associated with persistence (lower vs higher quartile: RR 2.60 95% CI 0.61- 10.94) and prevalent (lower vs higher quartile: RR 2.67, 95% CI 0.37-19.09) oncogenic HPV infection but there were not statically significant. Conclusion: Our analysis resulting from a prospective cohort study, do not support previous reported from cross section data about the association of IGF-I and the natural history of HPV infection. ER  - 
Oral contraceptives, reproductive history and risk of colorectal cancer in the European prospective investigation into cancer and nutrition; Background: Oral contraceptive use and reproductive factors may initiate long-term changes to the hormonal milieu and thereby, possibly influence colorectal cancer risk. Methods: We examined the association of hormonal and reproductive factors with risk of colorectal cancer among 337 802 women in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition, of whom 1878 developed colorectal cancer. Results : After stratification for center and age, and adjustment for body mass index, smoking, diabetes mellitus, physical activity and alcohol consumption, ever use of oral contraceptives was marginally inversely associated with colorectal cancer risk (hazard ratio (HR), 0.92; 95% confidence interval (CI), 0.83-1.02), although this association was stronger among post-menopausal women (HR, 0.84; 95% CI: 0.74-0.95). Duration of oral contraceptive use and reproductive factors, including age at menarche, age at menopause, type of menopause, ever having an abortion, parity, age at first full-term pregnancy and breastfeeding, were not associated with colorectal cancer risk. Conclusion : Our findings provide limited support for a potential inverse association between oral contraceptives and colorectal cancer risk. © 2010 Cancer Research UK. ER  - 
Inpatient and outpatient health care utilization of children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes before and after introduction of DRGs; Objective: To analyze the frequency and length of hospital stays as well as the frequency of diabetes-associated outpatient visits of children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes before and after the introduction of DRGs (diagnosis-related groups) in German hospitals. Methods: For this prospective cohort study, data from 2000 (before introduction of DRGs) to 2008 (after introduction) was extracted from the German diabetes documentation software DPV. Incidence rates of hospitalizations, length of hospital stays as well as the incidence rates of outpatient visits of 21502 children and adolescents were estimated. The associations between the target parameters and DRG introduction, age, sex, diabetes duration, calendar year and migration background were estimated using generalized linear mixed models. Results: Incidence of hospitalization was 0.45 (95% CI 0.44-0.45) per person-year (PY), mean number of hospital days 2.77/PY (95% CI: 2.76-2.79). Children had 5.3 (95% CI: 5.3-5.3) outpatient visits per PY on average. The number of hospital stays, inpatient days, and outpatient visits decreased significantly between 2000 and 2008. Time of introduction of DRGs was related to a significant rise in the number of hospital stays and outpatient visits (p<0.05). There was no significant relation to the number of hospital days. Compared with children younger than eleven years of age, 11- to 14-year-old children had significantly more, adolescents older than 14 years significantly less hospital stays (RR 1.2, 95% CI: 1.14-1.23 and 0.92, 95%, CI: 0.87-0.97, respectively). Migration background was significantly associated with worse results for all analyzed target variables (RR 1.21 for hospital stays, 1.26 for hospital days, 1.07 number of outpatient visits). Conclusions: The introduction of DRGs in the care of patients with pediatric diabetes mellitus resulted in a leveling of the reduction of the number of outpatient visits and hospital stays. Especially adolescents at the age of puberty and patients from families with migration background seem to require particular attention in health care. © J. A. Barth Verlag in Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart - New York. ER  - 
Physiological concentrations of serum cortisol are related to vascular risk markers in prepubertal children; There is increasing evidence that cortisol contributes to cardiovascular risk. It is unclear whether physiological concentrations of serum cortisol are related to vascular risk markers in children. The cross-sectional associations between morning serum cortisol and cardiovascular risk markers: blood pressure (BP) and carotid intima-media thickness (IMT), were examined in a sample of healthy prepubertal children (age, 6.8 ± 0.1 y) attending primary care clinics. Serum cortisol was associated with increased systolic BP (SBP; n = 223; p < 0.001) and carotid IMT (n = 91; p < 0.0001). These associations were independent from age, BMI, body fat, waist, insulin resistance, serum lipids, and heart rate (HR). No gender interactions were apparent in these associations. In summary, a higher morning serum cortisol within the physiological range is in prepubertal children associated with vascular risk markers. Because childhood risk factors predict adult risk for cardiovascular disease, these observations may have implications in the prevention of cardiovascular disease early in life. © 2010 International Pediatric Research Foundation, Inc. ER  - 
Functional and morphological vascular changes in pediatric nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) has been consistently found to be associated with features of the metabolic syndrome (MS), a condition carrying a high risk of cardiovascular events. The present study aimed to determine whether, in children and adolescents, NAFLD is atherogenic beyond its association with MS and its components. We assessed both flow-mediated dilation of the brachial artery (FMD) and carotid intima-media thickness (cIMT), along with lipid profile, glucose, insulin, insulin resistance, and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (CRPHS), in 250 obese children, 100 with and 150 without NAFLD, and 150 healthy normal-weight children. NAFLD was diagnosed by ultrasound examination and persistently elevated alanine aminotransferase, after exclusion of infectious and metabolic disorders. Compared to controls and children without liver involvement, those with ultrasound-diagnosed NAFLD (and elevated alanine aminotransferase) demonstrated significantly impaired FMD and increased cIMT. Patients with NAFLD had more features of MS and elevated CRPHS levels. In addition, percent FMD was remarkably reduced, whereas cIMT was increased in obese children with MS compared to those without MS. Using logistic regression analysis, the presence of NAFLD was found to be an independent predictor of low percent FMD (odds ratio, 2.25 [95% confidence interval, 1.29 to 3.92]; P = 0.004) as well as of increased cIMT (1.98 [1.16 to 3.36]; P = 0.031), after adjustment for age, gender, Tanner stage, and presence of MS. When we analyzed the relations between cIMT and measures of FMD in patients with NAFLD, the disease was associated with increased cIMT in children with impaired FMD status. Conclusion: The presence of liver disease entails more severe functional and anatomic changes in the arterial wall. Its detection may help identify individuals with increased cardiometabolic risk. © 2010 American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases. ER  - 
Subepicardial adipose tissue thickness and its relation with anthropometric and clinical parameters in pubertal obese children; Aim: To determine the relation of echocardiographic subepicardial adipose tissue (SAT) thickness with anthropometric and clinical parameters in pubertal obese children. Subjects and methods: A total of 52 obese pubertal subjects (13.1±1.56 yr, 27 male patients) and 39 age- and gender-matched lean pubertal subjects (13.0±1.28 yr, 16 male patients) were included in the study. Serum glucose, lipid profile, and insulin levels were measured during the fasting state. Each subject underwent a transthoracic echocardiography and the SAT thickness was measured during end-diastole from the parasternal long-axis views. Results: The obese pubertal subjects had significantly higher SAT, triceps skin fold (TSF) thickness (mm), waist (WC) and mid-arm circumference (MAC) values (cm) compared with lean pubertal subjects group (p<0.05). Correlation analysis showed that SAT thickness was significantly related with age, SD score-body mass index (SDS-BMI), BMI, WC, MAC, TSF, and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) (p<0.05), whereas there was no significant relation of SAT with hip circumference and waist to hip ratio (p>0.05). As an optimal cut-off point, a SAT thickness of 5.25 mm determined IR with 92% sensitivity and 62.1% specificity. Conclusions: Our study showed that SAT thickness in obese pubertal children shows a good correlation with age, SDS-BMI, BMI, WC, MAC, TSF, and HOMA-IR. In addition, our results suggest that SAT thickness might be used as a supportive data for risk stratification of metabolic syndrome in obese children. ©2010, Editrice Kurtis. ER  - 
Polymorphism Pro12Ala of PPARG in prepubertal children with premature adrenarche and its association with growth in healthy children; Background: The peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-γ2 (PPARγ2) participates in the regulation of insulin sensitivity, and has connections to the GH-IGF system and ACTH-adrenal androgen axis. We hypothesized that PPARG Pro12Ala polymorphism leading to decreased receptor activity could contribute to the premature onset of adrenarche (PA). Methods: We performed a cross-sectional association study in 73 prepubertal children with PA and 97 age- and sex-matched healthy control children. Growth data, baseline hormone levels, and the values of oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) were compared with PPARG genotypes. Results: We found no difference in the genotype distribution of PPARG between the PA and control children. The minor Ala12 variant was associated with lower current height SD scores (SDS) in the controls, but no similar association was seen in the PA children. Birth measures and current weight for height were equal between the genotype groups in both control and PA children. The Ala12 variant was associated with trends for a lower serum IGF-I level and lower serum insulin concentration at the 120-min time point of OGTT in control children. Conclusions: The Pro12Ala genotype of PPARG was not associated with PA. The minor Ala12 variant was associated with lower height SDS in healthy prepubertal children indicating its possible effects on growth. Copyright © 2010 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Metabolic syndrome and insulin resistance in obese prepubertal children in Lebanon: A primary health concern; Background/Aims: Ethnic-based associations between obesity and the metabolic syndrome (MS) have been suggested. The prevalence of MS in obese children was found to range between 13.9 and 48.8%, depending on the country of origin. This study was conducted to investigate the relationship between obesity and various components of MS in prepubertal children in Lebanon. Methods: Eighty-seven obese children (Tanner stage 1), 25 overweight and 28 normal-weight controls were recruited from private and public schools. Anthropometric, biochemical and blood pressure measurements were performed. Results: According to the modified Adult Treatment Panel III definition, the MS was identified in 26.4 and 4% of obese and overweight children, respectively, with a higher prevalence among girls than boys. The most common abnormalities among subjects with MS were elevated waist circumference (WC) (100.0%), high triglyceride (91.7%) and low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (66.7%) levels. Insulin resistance was identified in 70% of obese children and 75% of those having the MS. Body mass index, WC and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance were significant determinants of the MS in this age group. Conclusion: MS was found in 26.4% of obese Lebanese children, thus underscoring the importance of early screening of obesity and its associated metabolic abnormalities and of developing successful multicomponent interventions addressing pediatric obesity and MS. Copyright © 2010 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Review of infertile women with Polycystic Ovary Syndrome in an Urban Area of Malaysia; Background The aim of this study is to identify the profiles and associated factors of Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome (PCOS) among infertile women attending Gynaecology Clinic in an urban area of Peninsular Malaysia. Methods This is a cross-sectional case control study analyzing factors including socio-demographic and associated factors of women with infertility and PCOS. Secondary data were obtained from General Hospital Kajang, Selangor from January 2006 till July 2007. All Infertile patients were eligible in the study. All data were entered into SPSS 16.0 and analyze using Chi-square test, Fisher exact test and by Mann- Whitney U test. p value of ≤ 0.05 is consider significant. Results There were 277 respondents with PCOS. Malays were 186 (67.2%), Indian 77(27.8%), Chinese 9 (3.2%) and others 5 (1.8%). 77 respondents with PCOS were infertile with prevalence of 27.8%. Mean age was 28 ± 6 years and age of menarche 12 ± 1 years. The prevalence PCOS among Indian were highest (43%) compare to Malays (23%). Respondent with PCOS have higher value of LH (median 7.15 ± 5.2 IU/L) compare to FSH (median 5.3 ± 2.18 IU/L) and higher LH/FSH ratio (median 1.298 ± 1.15). There were significant associations between race (p = 0.013), LH level (p = 0.004), obesity (p = 0.001), LH/ FSH ratio (p = 0.001), hirsuitism (p < 0.001), irregular menses (p < 0.001) and diabetes mellitus (p < 0.001) with PCOS among infertile women. However, there were no significant association between age, age of menarche, FSH level, amenorrhea, oligomenorrhoea, dysmenorrhea and hypertension with PCOS (p > 0.05). Conclusions The prevalence of PCOS among infertile was 27.8%. PCOS were significantly associated obesity, hormonal level of LH and LH/FSH ratio, hirsuitism, irregular menses and diabetes mellitus. ER  - 
Vitamin D: Basic and clinical research in vitamin D, vitamin D analogs and bone health; Ligand-activated vitamin D receptor regulates about 3% of the mouse/human genome and has a wide variety of physiologic actions. It regulates calcium and bone homeostasis by increasing transepithelial calcium transport (intestine and kidney) and regulates the functions of bone and parathyroid cells. VDR-1,25(OH)2D3 also has major effects on many other target tissues as demonstrated in VDR KO mice and men. VDR-1,25(OH)2D has dual actions on bone as it can stimulate osteob last function as well as osteoclastogenesis. Severe vitamin D deficiency or resistance causes rickets or osteomalacia and has been largely eliminated in the Western world by vitamin D supplementation early in life. Mild vitamin D deficiency is however an increasingly recognized world wide problem and at least 1 billion humans live with untreated mild vitamin D deficiency (<20 ng/ml or 50 nmol/l). The consequences for bone health during early life, puberty, pregnancy and during old age are obvious but yet only partially understood. The optimal dose of vitamin D for the prevention of osteoporosis and fractures is disputed but 800 IU/day of vitamin D or the equivalent intermittent weekly or monthly dose is able to increase 25OHD levels above 20 ng/ml in most otherwise healthy subjects. Some data suggest that even higher serum levels (>32 ng/ml) further improve the fracture risks and maybe other health aspects (see later discussion). Additional calcium intake is both needed and safe, as most people do not reach optimal calcium intake from their regular diet. Combined treatment of vitamin D (±800 IU/day) and calcium (±1 g/day) in old age is safe and capable of decreasing the risk for hip and other minimal trauma fractures (RR≈0.8) and is therefore a baseline treatment strategy in need of more widespread implementation. Additional more powerful anti-osteoporosis drugs (able to reduce fracture risk by >50%) of course should be added in patients who meet specific (absolute) risk criteria. Based on detailed analysis of the phenotype of mice and men with VDR or other mutations affecting the vitamin D endocrine system and also based on molecular and cell biology studies, it is now clear that vitamin D is also important for the skin (total alopecia by VDR mutations), the immune system (deficiency impairs macrophage defence system and increases risk for autoimmune diseases), renal or cardiovascular system (high renin hypertension in VDR- or CYP27B1- deficient animals). Moreover the vitamin D hormone has major effects on the cell cycle and cell proliferation. Mild vitamin D deficiency is a risk factor for all major cancers in many but not all cross sectional large epidemiological studies and vitamin D deficiency, especially when occurring early in life, is associated with an increased risk for major auto-immune diseases (e.g. type 1 diabetes and multiple sclerosis). To prove the causal link and, if so, the vitamin D status needed for a protective effect against cancer, anti-immune diseases, and optimal (bone) health, large scale prospective studies are urgently needed. ER  - 
Menstrual irregularity: A possible clinical marker of metabolic dysfunction in women with class III obesity; Purpose. To evaluate whether menstrual irregularity in morbidly obese women is indicative of metabolic dysfunction. Patients and Methods.Fifty-seven women with morbid obesity were evaluated. They were divided into two groups: one comprising women without menstrual dysfunctions or hirsutism (Group 1), and another obese women showing menstrual dysfunction with or without hirsutism (Group 2). The following were evaluated: age, colour, childbirth, marital status, profession, socio-economic level, education, age at menarche, body weight, height, body mass index, presence of hirsutism (Ferriman Gallwey Index), abdominal circumference, hip circumference, waist-to-hip ratio, menstrual cycle, blood pressure, presence of acanthosis nigricans, insulin resistance (IR), fasting glycaemia, total cholesterol, HDL-C, LDL-C, triglycerides, thyroid-stimulating hormone, free T4, luteinising hormone (LH), follicle-stimulating hormone, prolactin, total testosterone, dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate, insulin and the Homeostasis Model Assessment (HOMA test). Results.Clinical and epidemiological aspects did not present statistical differences. Clinical and laboratory parameters did not show statistically significant alterations; however, HOMA test values for Group 2 were significantly higher than those for Group 1. Conclusions.The presence of IR in class III obese women can cause menstrual dysfunctions such as amenorrhoea or oligomenorrhoea even in the absence of hyperandrogenism, suggesting that IR plays an important role in the ovarian mechanisms involved in the menstrual cycle control. © 2010 Informa UK, Ltd. ER  - 
Comparison of puberty and psychosocial adjustment between Taiwanese adolescent females with and without diabetes; Aims and objectives.: The aims of this study were to (1) determine the differences in puberty and psychosocial adjustment among Taiwanese adolescent females with and without type 1 diabetes mellitus, and (2) examine the interaction between pubertal timing and diabetes in relation to its effect on adolescent's psychosocial adjustment. Background.: Rapid physical and sexual changes during puberty elicit a wide array of psychosocial adjustments. The effects of pubertal changes among adolescent females with type 1 diabetes mellitus on psychosocial adjustment are unknown. Design.: This study used a comparative, case-controlled design. A total of 82 adolescent females, aged 10-17, were recruited for the study. Forty-one adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus were age-matched to 41 adolescents without type 1 diabetes mellitus. Methods.: Adolescents' psychosocial adjustment, including internalising and externalising behaviours, was assessed using the Child Behaviour Checklist (parental report) and the Youth Self-Report (individual self-report). The self-reported Pubertal Development Scale was used to measure adolescents' puberty, including onset of menses, age at menarche and pubertal timing. Results.: When compared to their counterparts, adolescent females with type 1 diabetes mellitus reported a delayed menarche and a delayed puberty. Females with type 1 diabetes mellitus had significantly greater internalising and externalising behaviours than their counterparts according to parental reports. Onset of menses and adolescent self-reported psychosocial adjustment were not different between the two groups. Interaction analyses showed that the association between pubertal timing and internalising behaviours was related to the presence of diabetes. According to parental reports, early pubertal timing had positive effects on internalising behaviours for adolescent females with type 1 diabetes mellitus not for adolescent females without type 1 diabetes mellitus. Relevance to clinical practice.: A multi-informant approach is suggested when health care professionals assess adolescent psychosocial adjustment. Health care professionals must provide female teenagers with information and opportunities to discuss the impact of type 1 diabetes mellitus on their puberty and psychosocial adjustment. © 2010 Blackwell Publishing Ltd. ER  - 
Cortisol is negatively associated with insulin sensitivity in overweight Latino youth; Context and Objective: The purpose of the present study was to investigate the cross-sectional and longitudinal associations of serum morning cortisol and aspects of insulin action in Latino children and adolescents (8-13 yr) at risk for type 2 diabetes. Design and Participants: The present study includes a cross-sectional analysis in 211 participants and a longitudinal analysis in a subset of 143 participants. Results: At baseline, cortisol was negatively associated with fasting glucose (r = 0.23; P < 0.01), β-cell function (disposition index, r = -0.24; P < 0.05), and acute insulin response to glucose (r = -0.27; P < 0.05). Baseline cortisol was also significantly related to the change in insulin sensitivity over 1 yr (r = -0.23; P < 0.05). These results did not differ by Tanner stage or sex. Conclusions: Cortisol contributes to the reduction in insulin sensitivity at an early age in Latino children and adolescents. Specifically, cortisol is negatively associated with potential compensatory mechanisms for insulin resistance, such as increased β-cell function and increased insulin release to a glucose challenge, by exacerbating the progression toward insulin resistance in this population. The results underline the relevance of glucocorticoid reduction for the prevention of metabolic disease in Latino children and adolescents. Copyright © 2010 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Eating in the absence of hunger in adolescents: Intake after a large-array meal compared with that after a standardized meal; Background: Eating in the absence of hunger (EAH) is typically assessed by measuring youths' intake of palatable snack foods after a standard meal designed to reduce hunger. Because energy intake required to reach satiety varies among individuals, a standard meal may not ensure the absence of hunger among participants of all weight strata. Objective: The objective of this study was to compare adolescents' EAH observed after access to a very large food array with EAH observed after a standardized meal. Design: Seventy-eight adolescents participated in a randomized crossover study during which EAH was measured as intake of palatable snacks after ad libitum access to a very large array of lunchtype foods (>10,000 kcal) and after a lunch meal standardized to provide 50% of the daily estimated energy requirements. Results: The adolescents consumed more energy and reported less hunger after the large-array meal than after the standardized meal (P values < 0.001). They consumed ≈70 kcal less EAH after the large-array meal than after the standardized meal (295 ± 18 compared with 365 ± 20 kcal; P < 0.001), but EAH intakes after the large-array meal and after the standardized meal were positively correlated (P values < 0.001). The body mass index z score and overweight were positively associated with EAH in both paradigms after age, sex, race, pubertal stage, and meal intake were controlled for (P values ≤ 0.05). Conclusion: EAH is observable and positively related to body weight regardless of whether youth eat in the absence of hunger from a very large-array meal or from a standardized meal. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00631644. © 2010 American Society for Nutrition. ER  - 
Left ventricular diastolic dysfunction in adolescents with type 1 diabetes reflects the long-but not short-term metabolic control; Objective: The aim of this study was to compare the LV morphology and function in adolescents with DM1 and their healthy peers. Subjects and Methods: In 59 DM1 patients (30 girls, 29 boys,aged 14-17 years), and in control group (15 girls,15 boys) LV was assessed by M-mode, 2D and Doppler echocardiography. The metabolic control was assessed in the long- (mean HbA1c value for the entire treatment period-HbA1c1), medium- (mean HbA1c for the past two pre-study years-HbA1c2), and short-term (HbA1c on the day of the study- HbA1c3). Results: Diabetic patients presented an increase of IRT (0.062 vs. 0.056 s,p<0.05 in boys, and 0.062 vs. 0.056 s,p<0.05 in girls), A wave (56.1 vs. 53.95 cm/s in boys, and 60.3 vs. 58 cm/s in girls), and deceleration time values (0.16 vs. 0.15 s in boys, and 0.17 vs. 0.15 s in girls), decrease of E wave (97.35 vs. 104.9 cm/s in boys, and 99.67 vs. 101.8 cm/s in girls), as well as the E/A ratio (1.79 vs. 2.0 in boys, and 1.7 vs. 1.78 in girls). The systolic function was normal. In girls there was a correlation between IRT and HbA1c1 and HbA1c2 (r=0.42,r=0.46,p<0.05); between the A wave and HbA1c2 (r=0.46,p<0.05); between LV posterior wall systolic dimension and HbA1c1, HbA1c2 (r=0.45,r=0.41,p<0.05), and in boys between the A wave and HbA1c1 and HbA1c2 (r=0.48,p<0.01;r=0.37, p<0.05). Conclusions: Pubertal patients with DM1 demonstrate discrete impairment of the diastolic function beside normal systolic function of the LV. Further investigations are needed to assess the value of this observation. It seems that LV diastolic dysfunction in girls depends on the degree of insulin resistance and DM1 duration, and similarly as in boys, on the longterm metabolic control. © Freund Publishing House Ltd., London. ER  - 
Changes in dynamic insulin and gastrointestinal hormone secretion in obese children; Background: Disturbed satiety and hunger perception in obese individuals has been reported, however data on the dynamic changes of hormonal mediators are sparse. Objective: To evaluate the secretion pattern of insulin, ghrelin, peptide-YY (PYY), and amylin via 0 to 180 min oral glucose tolerance testing in obese and lean children. Subjects and Methods: A prospective clinical study was conducted on lean (n=9) and obese (n=20) Caucasian children of comparable age, gender, and pubertal stage. Serial blood samples were collected. Results: Compared to baseline, levels of acylated ghrelin showed a significant decrease in lean (p<0.05) but not in obese children. PYY increase was blunted and of shorter duration (60 min) in obese children. Amylin levels increased in both groups, and attained significantly higher levels in obese children (p<0.05). Conclusion: Glucose stimulated gut hormone secretion differed between obese and lean children, and may explain the disturbed satiety observed in obese children. © Freund Publishing House Ltd., London. ER  - 
New factors of cardiometabolic risk in severely obese children: influence of pubertal status.; The aim of this prospective study was to evaluate the utility of new biochemical markers to assess cardiometabolic risk in severely obese children and adolescents. A total of 107 subjects aged 7 to 14 years, were clinically assessed and anthropometric measures and percentage of fat mass by single frequency bioimpedance analysis were recorded. Of these, 44 were non-overweight and 63 severely obese (body mass index Z-score>2.5) which were stratified by Tanner stages. To estimate the metabolic risk the following variables were considered for analysis: Waist circumference/height>0.5, fasting glucose>100 mg/dL, triglycerides>110 mg/dL, HDL-C<40 mg/dL, and systolic or diastolic blood pressure>95th percentile for age and gender. Fasting insulinemia, apoprotein A1 and B, high-sensitive C-reactive protein, alanine aminotransferase, homocysteine, and folic and uric acids were determined. In severely obese children, metabolic risk was present more frequently in mid puberty. The normalized anthropometric parameters with respect to 50th percentile for age and gender did not differ in the presence of metabolic risk. Insulin resistance was an independent determinant of metabolic risk, adjusted by Tanner stages. Elevated high-sensitive C-reactive protein was noted without any effect of metabolic risk or pubertal stage. Homocysteine, apoprotein B, and alanine aminotransferase values increased with metabolic risk and were not influenced by puberty. Although insulin resistance remains the main factor influencing metabolic risk, biochemical markers as homocysteine, apoprotein B, and alanine aminotransferase, may be useful for identifying severe obese pubertal subjects particularly prone to comorbidities. ER  - 
Associations of physical activity, cardiorespiratory fitness and fatness with low-grade inflammation in adolescents: The AFINOS Study; Objective:To examine the independent associations of objectively measured physical activity (PA), cardiorespiratory fitness (CRF) and fatness with low-grade inflammatory markers in adolescents.Design:Cross-sectional study in Spain.Subjects:A sample of 192 adolescents aged 13-17 years.Measurements:PA was assessed with an accelerometer for 7 days. A 20-m shuttle-run test was used to assess CRF. Skinfold thicknesses at six sites and WCs were measured. BMI was calculated from measured height and weight. C-reactive protein (CRP), interleukin-6 (IL-6) and complement factors C3 and C4 were assayed. The homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) was calculated from glucose and insulin. Regression analysis adjusted for potential confounders and HOMA-IR was used to determine the associations between PA, CRF and fatness with low-grade inflammatory markers.Results:Total PA, vigorous PA and MVPA were positively associated with CRF (r=-0.25-0.48), whereas vigorous PA was negatively associated with skinfolds (r=0.27). CRF was inversely associated with fatness, (r=0.30 to 0.48). CRF and fatness were inversely and positively associated with HOMA-IR (r=0.16 and 0.21, respectively). PA variables were not independently associated with inflammatory markers. CRF and fatness were inversely and positively associated with CRP, C3 and C4, respectively. Only body fat explained a relevant amount of the variance of the model in CRP (4%) and C4 (19%), whereas CRP and body fat jointly explained the variance in C3 (25%). All these observations were independent of HOMA-IR.Conclusions:These findings support the key role of CRF and fatness on low-grade inflammation, as well as the possible indirect role of habitual PA through CRF and body fat in adolescents. © 2010 Macmillan Publishers Limited All rights reserved. ER  - 
Hostility and adiposity mediate disparities in insulin resistance among adolescents and young adults; Objective: This study explores whether the relationship between lower socioeconomic status and insulin resistance in adolescents is mediated by both physiological and psychological factors associated with increased cardiometabolic risk Study design: School-based longitudinal cohort study of 1222 healthy, non-Hispanic black and white teens. Parent education (PE), youth-specific Cook-Medley hostility scale, waist circumference, height, weight, pubertal status, and fasting plasma insulin (FPI) were measured and FPI reassessed 1 year later. Regression analyses utilizing bootstrapping (n = 2000) were used to estimate the direct and indirect effects of PE on FPI and assess the role of hostility and adiposity while adjusting for covariates. Results: Lower PE predicted higher FPI (B = -1.52, P = .003), as did hostility (B = .19, P = .002) and adiposity (waist circumference B = .44, P < .001, BMI B = .98, P < .001). The effect of PE on FPI was mediated by both hostility and adiposity. When adiposity and hostility were accounted for, the effect of PE on FPI decreased by 32% (B = -1.04, P = .04); the total indirect estimate was -.485 (95% CI, -.652, -.041). Hostility accounted for 36% of the meditational effect. Conclusions: Lower PE influences insulin resistance through adiposity and hostility. Thus, interventions to reduce health disparities associated with insulin resistance should consider both physiological and psychological approaches. Copyright © 2010 Mosby Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
58th Congress of the German Society for Gynecology and Obstetrics (Deutsche Gesellschaft fur Gynakologie und Geburtshilfe, DGGG); The proceedings contain 829 papers. The topics discussed include: obese mothers and their needs in antepartum care and mode of birth; miRNA-expression profiling in formalin-fixed and paraffin-embedded placental tissue samples from pregnancies with severe preeclampsia; influence of first trimester placental volume parameters on birth weight; histological evidence of retained placental tissue and postpartum complications after cesarean or vaginal delivery; analysis of amniotic fluid and maternal plasma concentrations of glucose, insulin, adiponectin and leptin at the 16th gestational week in women who will develop gestational diabetes mellitus: a case-control study; functional ovarian cysts and age at menarche in a population of high school girls; reconstructive surgical management of cryptomenorrhea due to complex uterovaginal malformations with duplicate uterus and complete vaginal agenesis; and differential basal and postprandial insulin in patients with PCOS. ER  - 
Risk factors and symptoms of radiological knee osteoarthritis: Does BMI make a difference?; Purpose: Being overweight is a known risk factor for osteoarthritis (OA). Whether there are differences in risk factors for, and symptoms of, OA between overweight people and normal weight people is not yet known. We aim to identify which risk factors and symptoms are associated with the prevalence of radiological knee OA (ROA, Kellgren & Lawrence score≥2) in people with high BMI (≥27) and in people with normal BMI (<27) and if these differ between the two groups. Methods: Data of the RS-III-1 cohort of the Rotterdam study was used (a population based cohort study). Eligible participants were aged 45-60 years and had an available knee X-ray. In total 1242 people with normal BMI (mean age 54.4, 59.7% females) and 1224 with high BMI (mean age 54.8, 53.0% females) were included. Univariate logistic regression analysis was used to test potential risk factors for knee ROA in people with high vs. normal BMI. Symptoms and female hormonal specific risk factors were tested in women only. Tested potential risk factors were: age, gender, BMI, hip ROA, knee trauma, diabetes, and varus alignment in one or both knees. In women-only additional risk factors were tested: menopausal (MP-) status, age at menarche ≥ 12 years, waist-hip ratio, and Heberden nodes (HN). Tested symptoms were: WOMAC pain score, knee morning stiffness, limited extension (vs. normal/hyper), and pain on palpation. Risk factors and symptoms differing in statistical significance between the groups were tested for interaction with BMI using multivariate logistic regression analysis. All outcomes were adjusted for age and BMI. Results: Knee ROA was present in 5.8% in the normal BMI group and 9.0% in the high BMI group. In people with normal BMI the statistically significant risk factors were: age (Odds Ratio=1.08), and BMI (OR=1.16). In women-only these were: MP-status (OR=3.98), and age at menarche (OR=0.39). The only statistically significant symptom was limited extension (OR=2.44). Statistically significant risk factors in the high-BMI group were: age (OR=1.08), BMI (OR=1.13), and knee trauma (OR=1.61). In women-only this was HN (OR=2.19). Statistically significant symptoms were: WOMAC pain (OR=5.14), morning stiffness (OR=4.67), and limited extension (OR=2.65). Differences between the normal BMI group vs. the high BMI group in significant relationships were seen in the following risk factors: knee trauma (BMI<27 OR=1.27 vs. BMI≥27 OR=1.61), MP-status (3.98 vs. 1.31), age at menarche (0.39 vs. 0.59), and HN (1.65 vs. 2.19). For symptoms differences in significant relationships were seen in: WOMAC pain (2.52 vs. 5.14), morning stiffness (1.90 vs. 4.67), and limited extension (2.44 vs. 2.65. All risk factors and symptoms that differ in statistical significance were formally tested for interaction with BMI; none of the interactions were statistically significant. Conclusions: Risk factors for, and symptoms of, knee ROA do differ between people with normal vs. high BMI. There are strong indications that: 1) in overweight women morning stiffness is much stronger related to having knee ROA than in non-overweight women and 2) in non-overweight women is being post-menopausal related to having knee ROA, but not in overweight women. ER  - 
Insulin resistance is associated with 3-fold increased risk for prothrombotic state in obese youngsters; Objective: Prothrombogenic factors levels are reported to be elevated and strongly related with atherothrombosis in obese adults. The aim of this cross sectional study was to evaluate the levels of these factors in obese children and adolescents. Methods: A group of 313 obese children and adolescents, aged 3-16 years (148 boys, 165 girls), admitted to the 4th Pediatric Department, Papageorgiou Hospital, Thessaloniki, were enrolled. Obesity was defined as BMI above the 95th percentile for age and sex. The following factors were determined: plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1), von Willebrand factor (vWF), fibrinogen, fasting glucose, insulin and lipids levels. Insulin resistance (IR) was estimated using HOMA index. Independent t-test, spearman correlations, chi square and linear regression analysis were used. Results: Increased levels of PAI-1, vWF and fibrinogen were found in 79.9%, 8.0% and 14.7%, respectively of all obese children and adolescents. Significant higher levels of PAI-1 (P < 0.001), vWF (P = 0.003) and fibrinogen (P = 0.046) were found in patients with IR. Boys presented higher PAI-1 levels compared with girls (P = 0.024) while no significant difference was observed between pre-pubertal and pubertal individuals. PAI-1 levels were positively correlated to BMI (r = 0.189, P = 0.012), triglycerides (r = 0.330, P < 0.001), fasting insulin (r = 0.421, P < 0.001), glucose levels (r = 0.189, P = 0.013) and HOMA-IR (r = 0.424, P < 0.001), while a negative correlation with HDL cholesterol was noted (r = )0.220, P = 0.003). IR patients are at 2.78, 3.52 and 2.53 times greater risk for high levels of PAI-1, vWF and low levels of HDL cholesterol compared with NIRs, respectively. Conclusions: Elevated prothrombogenic factor levels in the obese population may be associated with increased risk for early development of atherothrombosis, already from childhood. Early detection and therapeutic intervention for eliminating aggravating factors such as insulin resistance are strongly recommended. ER  - 
Psychological state of the families with obese children; There are limited numbers of studies concerning family education as a risk factor for obesity in children. We aimed to examine the relationship between a children's weight and family/ psychosocial factors, to establish gender differences in eating behavior in obese children. Methods: This cross-sectional study involved 65 obese children (m/f = 33/32, mean age 13.5 ± 0.5 years) and 65 mothers. Obesity was defined as BMI scores at or above the 97th percentile for age and gender. Psychological examination was conducted by Eidemiller test of family education and IEG-Kind test. All the analyses were performed with the Statistics 6.0 software, P-value < 0.05 was accepting as statistically significant. ANOVA test was used for unpaired data. Results: Significant gender differences (P < 0.05) were observed on the criteria: food remedy against the emotional stress, food as a problem; food restriction, fear of weight gain. In the girl's group at the early puberty stage were revealed a negative correlation with BMI criteria: power and dependency needs for food (r = )0.36); importance and influence of foods (r = )0.41); forcing parents (r = )0.45). In older age girls a correlation BMI and points of IEG-Kind were observed: food as a remedy against stress (r = 0.41); strength and the need for food (r = 0.38); dissatisfaction with their figures (r = 0.45) noted increased correlation BMI and coercion by parents (r = )0.78). Two tests correlation analysis found differences depending on the stage of pubertat stage: in early puberty marked by a strong relationship between parents and the child's body weight (r = 0.53), increased fear of its increasing (r = 0.56). Before pubertat group increased importance of food as a remedy against stress, excessive demands by the parents, satisfaction of requirements. Correlation between body's dissatisfaction and lack of child care parents were observed (r = 0.71). Conclusions: Findings indicated on the sex and age differences regarding its own body, restriction of food in children with obesity. ER  - 
IGF-1 levels may explain sex differences in growth impairment in pediatric patients with Crohn's disease; Background: Growth impairment is more common in males than females with Crohn's disease (CD) for unknown reasons. Since insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) is required for maximal growth potential, we hypothesized that IGF-1 levels are lower in males with CD. Methods: Cross-sectional study of 82 CD patients <21 years old (43% female) enrolled between 1/07 and 7/09. We examined sex differences in hormone Z scores based on chronological age (CA-Z) and bone age (BA-Z). Estradiol and follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) Z scores in females were compared to testosterone and luteinizing hormone (LH) Z scores in males. Results: IGF-1 CA-Z and BA-Z scores were -0.50 units (P=0.04) and -1.24 units (P=0.003) lower in males compared with females. Mean bone age (12.2 years) was lower than chronological age (13.1 years) (P<0.0001), and bone age delay did not differ by sex (P=0.10). ESR, CRP, and albumin did not differ by sex (P ≥ 0.08), and predicted IGF-1 CA-Z and BA-Z scores (P<0.02). Insulin-like growth factor binding protein 3 (IGF-BP3) CA-Z and BA-Z scores were -0.71 units (P=0.004) and -1.26 units (P<0.001) lower in males. Sex hormone CA-Z (P=0.98) and BA-Z (P=0.19) scores did not differ by sex. Male LH CA-Z scores did not differ from female FSH CA-Z scores (P=0.39), but male LH BA-Z scores were lower than female FSH BA-Z scores at Tanner stage (TS) 1 (P=0.01) and 2 (P=0.06). Urine growth hormone (GH)/serum IGF-1 ratio was higher in males at TS 1 (P=0.02) and 2 (P=0.04), which may indicate greater GH resistance. Conclusions: Lower IGF-1 levels in males may explain sex differences in growth impairment in CD. Prospective longitudinal study is required. ER  - 
Endocrinological treatment in Klinefelter syndrome; Klinefelter Syndrome (KS) is a condition characterized by gynaecomastia, small, firm testes, hypogonadism and raised Follicular Stimulating Hormone. It is the most common chromosomal disorder, affecting 1/660 men and is a frequent cause of hypogonadism and infertility. In 1959 Jacobs and Strong demonstrated the presence of an extra X chromosome in the karyotype of patients with KS (47,XXY). The most frequent karyotype is 47,XXY (80-90% of cases). Other cases involve supranumerous X chromosomes (48,XXXY, 49,XXXXY) or different mosaicisms. KS is often not diagnosed until adulthood due to its highly varied clinical presentation, with milder forms very often lacking any clear signs. This variability could depend on the extent and timing of androgen deficiency, hypothalamic-pituitary function, androgen receptor (AR) function and inactivation, potential androgen resistance, expression and inactivation status of X-chromosome genes and the activity of genes located in the pseudo-autosomal regions of the sex chromosomes, as well as any mosaicism and the number of supernumerary X chromosomes. Puberty is usually spontaneous with onset at the expected age, but from Tanner stage 2/3 hypergonadotropic hypogonadism becomes evident, with small, firm testes, raised FSH and Luteinizing Hormone and initial drop in T. There is a critical time during pubertal development when adequate androgen levels are necessary for normal bone mineralization. During puberty, it is considered rational to start T replacement therapy when a pathologically high gonadotropin level is found, in order to allow the regular development of secondary sexual characteristics and muscles and achieve a normal peak bone mass. Literature data show that androgenic replacement treatment during puberty enhances muscle strength, improves mood and ability to concentrate and is useful in developing relational skills. In young hypogonadal patients with KS, treatment resulted in significant positive effects such as reduced fat mass and increased lean mass, improved muscle strength, intensified sexual activity and improved mood. In 65-85% of adult KS patients, serum T concentrations progressively fall below the normal reference range, although some cases may retain normal values. Early diagnosis and careful follow-up permits the earlier recognition of possible co-morbidities and the implementation of interventional strategies counteracting late-onset complications. Several cross-sectional studies have found a strong correlation between circulating T and cardiovascular risk factors due to the effects of androgens on adipose tissue, insulin sensitivity, endothelial function, vascular tone, atherosclerosis and left ventricular dysfunction. Sex hormones play an important role in the development of muscle, bone and joint mass. KS patients have increased body fat mass and decreased muscle mass, in addition to an increased risk of osteoporosis and a precocious onset of bone diseases. T replacement therapy should be started early and considered as lifelong, in order to prevent hypogonadism complications such as osteoporosis, obesity, diabetes and metabolic syndrome and gain probable cardiovascular benefits. Treatment has a positive effect on erectile function, mood, behaviour and quality of life, improves goal-directed thinking and self-esteem and reduces fatigue and irritability. Treatment of older KS patients also improves cognitive ability. Finally, from current pharmacogenetic knowledge of T and T receptor sensitivity, we consider that restoration of normal blood T and LH levels should be the aim of replacement treatment, even though this point is controversial. ER  - 
Lifestyle and metabolic syndrome among children and adolescents; Introduction: Lifestyle plays an important role in the development of chronic diseases. Metabolic syndrome is a mayor risk factor for cardiovascular disease and diabetes, affecting all levels of the health care delivery. There is sufficient evidence supporting the association being lifestyles, diet and physical activity (PA) as major determinant of diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Objective: To identify the association between a healthy lifestyle (HL) and MS in Mexican children and adolescents. Methods: Intake glycemic load (GC), fiber, polyunsaturated fats (PUFAs) and PA were evaluated with a self-administered lifestyle questionnaire, in a sample of 1003 participants from 7-24 years. The population base of this report are children of participants of the project “Health Workers Cohort Study”. A HL index was designed to evaluate diet's components and PA. GL and PUFAS were analyzed by tertiles, fiber in g/1000 kcal/day, according to the ADA's recommendation. A HL was considered ≥60 minutes/day of PA, a low GL diet, high in PUFAs and fiber ≥14 g/1000 kcal/d. MS was determined using criteria ATPIII. BMI: Overweight > 85th and obesity > 95th, according to CDC charts. Through multiple logistic regression models the association between the HL (in tertiles) and the presence of SM was assessed adjusting for several covariables (age, sex, Tanner, quality of food habits, BMI and dietary intake of calories. Results: Among the population 57% were female, and 31% overweigh. 21.3% had full criteria for MS. 3 out of 10 performed ≥60 minutes/day of PA. Participants with MS performed less PA (49 vs. 42 minutes/day, P < 0.05). Participants who perform ≥60 minutes/day of PA have 2 times more risk of MS (OR: 2.0; CI: 95% 1.1-4.0), having an unhealthy diet increases 1.85 times the risk of MS (OR: 1.85; CI: 95% 1.1-3.2), those with unhealthy lifestyles have 2.12 times more risk of SM(OR: 2.12; CI: 95% 1.2-3.5) Conclusions: Study participants who scored high on the HL index decreased their risk for MS. ER  - 
Neuro-endocrine dysfunction in children and adolescents after brain injury; Background: Neuro-endocrine dysfunction after traumatic brain injury is found in 23-60% of adult patients. Objectives: To evaluate growth, pubertal development and endocrine function in children and adolescents after traumatic brain injury. Patients and methods: We evaluated growth, pubertal development and bone age in 30 patients (18 boys) after traumatic brain injury. They underwent standard endocrine tests - thyreotropin, free thyroxin, insulin-like growth factor, prolactin, morning Cortisol, gonadotropins, testosterone (in boys) and oestradiol (in girls). Dynamics tests were performed in patients with abnormalities revealed by clinical examination and/or laboratory results. Median patient age at the time of brain trauma was 9.7 (0.4-14.8) years; 75% of patients were prepubertal. Their range of Glasgow Coma Scale (GCS) was 3-12 (11 of these <8). Results: Diabetes insipidus was observed in three patients and syndrome of inappropriate adiuretine hormone secretion in a further three. The period since trauma ranged from 26 to 36 months (median 29 months). We found growth hormone deficiency in two boys (in one of them combined with thyreotropin deficiency and diabetes insipidus; precocious puberty in one girl (8.3 years) and one boy (7 years); and hypogonadotrophic hypogonadism in one adolescent girl masked by taking contraceptives pills. Conclusion: We found neuroendocrine dysfunction in 16.7% of patients. Brain-imaging techniques revealed abnormalities in most of them. We have started a prospective study in a large cohort of patients after traumatic brain injury, evaluating the frequency of hormonal disorder and its relations to the type of head trauma and the course of acute post-traumatic phase, with a view to identifying risk factors that predispose to hormonal disorder. ER  - 
Variant rs9939609 in the FTO gene is associated with body mass index among Chinese children; Background: Fat-mass and obesity-associated (FTO) gene is a gene located in chromosome region 16q12.2. Genetic variants in FTO are associated with the obesity phenotype in European and Hispanic populations. However, this association still remains controversial in Asian population. We aimed to test the association of FTO genetic variants with obesity and obesity-related metabolic traits among children living in Beijing, China.Methods: We genotyped FTO variants rs9939609 in 670 children (332 girls and 338 boys) aged 8-11 years living in Beijing, and analyzed its association with obesity and obesity-related metabolic traits. Overweight and obesity were defined by age- and sex-specific BMI reference for Chinese children. Obesity-related metabolic traits included fasting plasma glucose, lipid profiles, leptin, ghrelin, adiponectin and blood pressures.Results: The frequency of rs9939609 A allele was 12.2%, which was 21.9% for the heterozygote and 1.2% for the homozygote of the A allele. The obesity prevalence among the carriers of AA/AT genotypes was significantly higher than that among those with TT genotype (36.4% vs. 22.6%, P = 0.004). Compared to the carrier of TT genotype, the likelihood of obesity was 1.79 (95% confidence interval (95% CI) 1.20-2.67, P = 0.004) for the carrier of AA/AT genotype, after adjustment of sex, age and puberty stages. The BMI Z-score of children with AA/AT genotype were significantly higher than that of their counterparts with the TT genotype (1.1 ± 0.1 vs. 0.8 ± 0.1, P = 0.02). The concentration of triglyceride was 1.03 ± 0.52 mmol/L among TT carrier and 1.13 ± 0.68 mmol/L among AA/AT carrier (P = 0.045). While, the concentrations of adiponectin were 18.0 ± 0.4 μg/ml among carriers of TT and 16.2 ± 0.7 μg/ml among subjects with AA/AT genotype (P = 0.03). The level of glucose marginally increased in the AA/AT genotype subjects (4.67 ± 0.40 mmol/L vs. 4.60 ± 0.35 mmol/L, P = 0.08). The evidence of association was reduced after adjustment for BMI (P = 0.38 for triglyceride, P = 0.20 for adiponectin and glucose). There was weak evidence of association between rs9939609 and other obesity-related metabolic traits including total cholesterol (3.92 ± 0.03 mmol/L vs. 4.02 ± 0.05 mmol/L, P = 0.10), insulin (2.69 ± 1.77 ng/ml vs. 3.12 ± 2.91 ng/ml, P = 0.14), and insulin resistance (HOMA-IR 0.56 ± 0.03 vs. 0.66 ± 0.05, P = 0.10).Conclusions: Genetic variation in the FTO gene associates with obesity in Chinese children. © 2010 Fang et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Leuprolide stimulation testing for the evaluation of early female sexual maturation; Context Low concentrations of serum LH and/or oestradiol (E2) in girls with early physical signs of precocious puberty pose a diagnostic challenge. Objective To assess the diagnostic value of the leuprolide stimulation test in female precocious puberty. Design Retrospective Chart Review. Setting Outpatient clinic. Patients and intervention Thirty-nine girls, 6·9 (1·4) years, with premature stage II-III breast development, with or without pubarche, underwent stimulation testing with subcutaneous leuprolide (20 μg/kg) with the following hormonal measurements in serum: FSH, LH, oestradiol at baseline; FSH and LH at 1 and 2 h; oestradiol at 24 h. Twelve girls with isolated pubarche were also tested with leuprolide. Main outcome measure A pubertal hormonal pattern was defined as at least one of the following: a baseline serum level of LH ≥ 0·3 U/l, a baseline oestradiol ≥ 37 pmol/l (10 ng/l), a stimulated (peak) LH ≥ 5·0 U/l, a stimulated oestradiol ≥ 184 pmol/l (50 ng/l) to leuprolide. The hormonal response was related to the clinical course during a period of observation of at least 6 months. Results Following leuprolide stimulation, the hormonal response was concordant with pubertal progression (n = 23) or lack thereof (n = 16) in all children. At baseline, pubertal serum concentrations of LH and/or oestradiol were associated with pubertal progression in all, while serum prepubertal LH and/or oestradiol concentrations were associated with pubertal progression in approximately 50% of the patients. Conclusions In girls with early clinical signs of precocious puberty and low serum concentrations of LH and oestradiol in random samples, the LH and oestradiol responses to leuprolide stimulation accurately predict pubertal progression. © 2010 Blackwell Publishing Ltd. ER  - 
Former small for gestational age (SGA) status is associated to changes of insulin resistance in obese children during weight loss; Objective: Former small for gestational age (SGA) children are at risk of both obesity and insulin resistance. Longitudinal studies are required to assess a possible relationship between former SGA status and insulin resistance independent of weight status. We hypothesized that obese children with former appropriate for gestational age (AGA) status improve their insulin resistance during weight loss more effectively compared to obese children with former SGA status.Methods: A 1-yr longitudinal follow-up study design was adopted in the primary care setting and 341 obese children [8% SGA, mean age 10.5 ± 0.1 yr, body mass index (BMI) 27.7 ± 0.2, BMI-standard deviation score (SDS) 2.47 ± 0.02] were taken for the study. Outpatient 1-yr intervention was based on exercise, behavior and nutrition therapy. We measured insulin resistance index following the Homeostasis model assessment model (HOMA), blood pressure, lipids, glucose, and insulin in all children before and after the 1-yr intervention.Results: In a multiple linear regression analysis adjusted for age, gender, and pubertal stage, changes of HOMA were significantly related to changes of BMI-SDS (-2.55 per loss of 1 BMI-SDS unit; p < 0.001) and SGA status (+2.05 for SGA children; p < 0.001). Changes of BMI-SDS together with gender and age explained 10% of the variance of changes of HOMA, while SGA status explained an additional 4%. After adjustment for age, sex, pubertal stage, and BMI-SDS, former SGA status was not significantly related to any other considered cardiovascular risk factor.Conclusions: Change of weight status predicted change of HOMA in obese children participating in a lifestyle intervention. Changes of HOMA were also predicted by former SGA status supporting that former SGA status influences insulin resistance. © 2009 John Wiley & Sons A/S. ER  - 
Catecholamines, adiponectin, and insulin resistance as measured by HOMA in children with obstructive sleep apnea; Introduction: Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) has been implicated in the pathophysiology of metabolic syndrome. Its contribution to insulin resistance is complicated by obesity and puberty. We hypothesized that OSA is associated with worse insulin resistance and lower adiponectin after adjustment for obesity and puberty and that catecholamines might mediate these changes. Methods: Normal controls and children with suspected OSA were recruited and categorized as pubertal or prepubertal. Overnight polysomnography (PSG) was performed. Subjects were categorized as OSA for total apnea hypopnea index (Total-AHI) ≥ 1.5 events/h. Fasting blood glucose, insulin, adiponectin, and 24-hour urinary catecholamines were obtained. Homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA) was calculated. The independent effects of OSA upon HOMA, adiponectin, and urinary catecholamines following adjustment for body mass index (BMI) were determined. Results (median; min, max): Subjects (n = 98, 42F; 11 ± 4 years, 37 prepubertal) were generally overweight (BMI-Z = 2.1; -3, 4.1) and had wide-ranging insulin sensitivities (HOMA = 2.7; 0.5, 27) and PSG parameters (Total-AHI = 1.6; 0, 185). The risks of elevated insulin (P = 0.04) and HOMA (P = 0.05) were higher in OSA vs non OSA obese pubertal children. Polysomnographic markers of OSA, including Total-AHI (P = 0.001, R2 = 0.32), were negatively associated with adiponectin in pubertal children. Total-AHI and oxygen desaturation were associated with higher urinary normetanephrine and norepinephrine. Conclusions: In obese pubertal children, OSA was associated with worse insulin resistance. Worsening OSA was associated with lower adiponectin and increasing urinary catecholamines. Whether OSA directly lowers adiponectin and aggravates a predisposition to insulin resistance is unknown, but these preliminary findings highlight the importance of further studying pediatric OSA. ER  - 
Adult height in patients with congenital adrenal hyperplasia: A systematic review and metaanalysis; Context: Treatment for patients with congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH) may affect the final height of these patients. Objective: Our objective was to determine the distribution of achieved height in patients with classic CAH diagnosed at infancy or early childhood and treated with glucocorticoids. Data Sources: We searched MEDLINE, EMBASE, Cochrane Library, ISI Web of Science, and Scopus through September 2008; the reference sections of included studies; and expert files. Study Selection: Eligible studies included patients diagnosed with CAH before age 5 and followed to final height. Data Extraction: Reviewers working in duplicate independently extracted data on study characteristics and outcomes and determined each study's risk of bias. Data Synthesis: The SD score (SDS) for final height and corrected height (defined as final height SDS - midparental height SDS) were estimated from each study and pooled using random-effects metaanalysis. The I2 statistic was used to assess inconsistency in results across studies. Results: We found 35 eligible studies, most of which were retrospective single-cohort studies. The final height SDS achieved by CAH patients was -1.38 (-1.56 to -1.20; I2 - 90.2%), and the corrected height SDS was -1.03 (-1.20 to -0.86; I2 = 63.1%). This was not significantly associated with age at diagnosis, gender, type and dose of steroid, and age of onset of puberty. Mineralocorticoid users had a better height outcome in comparison with the nonusers (P = 0.02). Conclusion: Evidence derived from observational studies suggests that the final height of CAH patients treated with glucocorticoids is lower than the populationnormand is lower than expected given parental height. Copyright © 2010 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Insulin resistance in obese children and adolescents: HOMA-IR cut-off levels in the prepubertal and pubertal periods; Objective: Childhood obesity is associated with an increased risk for insulin resistance. The underlying mechanism for the physiological increase in insulin levels in puberty is not clearly understood. The aim of the present study was to determine the cut-off values for homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) in obese children and adolescents according to gender and pubertal status. Methods: Two hundred and eight obese children and adolescents (141 girls, 127 boys) aged between 5 and 18 years were included in the study. The children were divided into prepubertal and pubertal groups. A standard oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) was carried out in all children. A total insulin level exceeding 300 μU/mL in the blood samples, collected during the test period, was taken as the insulin resistance criterion. Cut-off values for HOMA-IR were calculated by receiver operating characteristic (ROC) analysis. Results: In the prepubertal period, the rate of insulin resistance was found to be 37% in boys and 27.8% in girls,while in the pubertal period, this rate was 61.7% in boys and 66.7% in girls. HOMA-IR cut-off values for insulin resistance in the prepubertal period were calculated to be 2.67 (sensitivity 88.2%, specificity 65.5%) in boys and 2.22 (sensitivity 100%, specificity 42.3%) in girls, and in the pubertal period, they were 5.22 (sensitivity 56%, specificity 93.3%) in boys and 3.82 (sensitivity 77.1%, specificity 71.4%) in girls. Conclusions: Since gender, obesity and pubertal status are factors affecting insulin resistance, cut-off values which depend on gender and pubertal status, should be used in evaluation of insulin resistance. © Journal of Clinical Research in Pediatric Endocrinology. ER  - 
Bone maturation in 1788 children and adolescents with diabetes mellitus type 1; Diabetes mellitus type 1 might interfere with pubertal development. Particularly, long-term metabolic control and intensity of insulin treatment have been reported to contribute to a delay in pubertal onset. Data on somatic development in diabetic children are conflicting; therefore we studied bone age in 1788 children from Germany and Austria with type 1 diabetes. Bone age was retarded by -0.27 ± 1.1 years in the whole group, but particularly in the adolescents at the end of puberty (>16 years; -0.76±1:29y). Bone age delay was more pronounced in boys, and in children with long-term median HbA1c levels of 7.5-9.0%. No associations were found with current HbA1c levels or the intensity of insulin treatment. Bone age determinations in diabetic children should only be performed when clinical signs of impaired somatic development are present. In addition, the potential influence of diabetes on bone development needs to be considered in the interpretation of carpograms. © Freund Publishing House Ltd. ER  - 
Insulin resistance and the metabolic syndrome in obese children referred to an obesity center; Objective: The aim of this study was to describe insulin resistance and the metabolic syndrome in obese children and adolescents. Subjects: The cohort consisted of 518 patients, 250 boys, 268 girls, age ± sd: 11.8 ± 3.2 years, BMIsds ± sd: 2.94 ± 0.5. A standard OGTT was performed. Results: Impaired glucose tolerance was found in 9.4% of the boys and 5.5% of the girls. Impaired fasting glucose was found in 12.4% of the boys and 11.6% of the girls. The metabolic syndrome was present in 13.9% of children of 10 years or older. The proportion in which the metabolic syndrome was diagnosed was essentially not altered when pubertal groups were used instead of age groups. Conclusion: Both impaired fasting glucose and impaired glucose tolerance as well as the metabolic syndrome are highly prevalent among obese children and adolescents. © Freund Publishing House Ltd. ER  - 
Lowering the age at menarche and risk of early menarche in a population of Spanish postmenopausal women during the past two decades; Aim. The purpose of this study is to confirm in our population the decreasing secular trend in the age of menarche (AAM) observed in other European countries. Another aim is to investigate the association between early menarche and breast cancer, metabolic disorders risk or early menopause. Materials and methods. We conducted a nationwide population-based study of 1980 Caucasoid Spanish postmenopausal women from 2003 to 2006 to investigate the AAM, the duration of the fertile period and the relation of early menarche with breast cancer and some metabolic disorders. Results. Regression analysis of AAM demonstrates a trend towards the younger AAM in our population during the past decades (P > 0.001). Parallel to this decrease we observe a significant increase in the fertility period and the height of our population (P < 0.001). In the women with AAM less than 11 years, there is an increased risk of hypercholesterolaemia, being overweight and obesity. However, early menarche does not raise the risk of adult onset diabetes, hypertension or breast cancer. Conclusions. These data indicate a decreasing secular trend of AAM in a Spanish population in the last decades. Furthermore, hypercholesterolaemia and obesity, but not breast cancer, appears to be influenced by younger AAM. Only women who have their menarche at the age of nine years or less are more likely to have an earlier menopause. ER  - 
A longitudinal assessment of ghrelin and bone mineral density with advancing pubertal maturation in adolescent female athletes; Aim. The aim of the present study was to investigate changes in ghrelin and bone mineral density (BMD) during further biological maturation after onset of puberty in female adolescent swimmers. Methods. Swimmers (n=17) were tested once a year during a two year study period. At the first year, swimmers were at pubertal stages 2 & 3. Fasting plasma ghrelin, leptin, estradiol, insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-I) and BMD of the total body, lumbar spine and femoral neck were measured. Results. Ghrelin did not change during the further pubertal development after onset of puberty. No differences in leptin were also seen during the study period. Estradiol and IGF-I were increased during further pubertal development. Total and lumbar spine BMD increased along with further biological maturation. In contrast, further pubertal development had no effect on femoral neck BMD in adolescent female swimmers. Ghrelin was not related to measured BMD values after adjusting for pubertal status at any measurement time. Conclusions. Ghrelin concentration did not change with advancing age and pubertal stage after onset of puberty and had no direct influence on bone mineralisation in adolescent female swimmers. ER  - 
The relationship of serum A-FABP, retinol binding protein 4, and adiponectin levels to the development of metabolic syndrome in children: A 3-year prospective cohort study; Background and aims: Adipocyte-fatty acid binding protein (A-FABP) and retinol binding protein 4 (RBP4) has been reported to be associated with metabolic syndrome in adults. We evaluated the prospective association of AFABP, RBP4, and adiponectin with metabolic syndrome as defined by pediatric adaption of the National Cholesterol Education Program criteria. Materials and methods: In this prospective cohort study, 159 boys from the school-based Metabolic disorders & Obesity Study in Elementary School children (MOSES) study were followed up for 3 years. Results: At baseline, A-FABP levels (12.8 ± 5.1 μg/L vs. 23.6 ± 8.2 μg/L, P <0.001) and RBP4 levels (59.7 ± 15.3 vs. 69.3 ± 17.1, P = 0.001) were significantly higher, whereas adiponectin levels (18.1 ± 8.4 μg/mL vs. 11.5 ± 5.4 μg/mL, P <0.001) were significantly lower in overweight children compared to normal control. During 3 year of follow-up, in addition to their association with change of weight, A-FABP levels were positively associated with change of waist circumference and adiponectin levels were negatively associated with change of triglyceride. Although both baseline A-FABP and adiponectin were associated with the development of metabolic syndrome, multiple logistic regression analysis showed that only A-FABP was the independent predictor of the development of metabolic syndrome after adjustment for Tanner stage, insulin resistance, and BMI during 3 year of follow-up (odds ratio, 12.0; 95% CI, 1.3 to 107.4; highest versus lowest tertile). Conclusion: A-FABP predicts the development of metabolic syndrome independently of adiposity and insulin resistance in Korean boys. (Table presented). ER  - 
Insulin demand, beta cell response and glucose control among contemporary children - An eight-year longitudinal study; Background and aims: Glucose control becomes impaired when insulin secretion can no longer meet insulin demand. Little is known of their trends over time in contemporary children, for whom obesity, insulin demand and diabetes are rising progressively. Materials and methods: We plotted the trajectories of fasting glucose and insulin annually over eight years in a single cohort of 258 healthy children (144 boys) and modelled the corresponding beta-cell response from the HOMA2 programme. Analyses were conducted according to exposures at 5y (quartiles of insulin and quartiles of BMI) and outcome at 13y (quartiles of glucose). The children were of uniform age (SD±3m) and race (99% White Caucasian), and were randomly selected at 5y from 54 primary schools. Results: Mean glucose rose linearly from 4.3 mmol/l at 5y to 5.1 mmol/l at 13y (p<0.001). Exposures: BMI had no impact on the behaviour of glucose. HOMA-B rose gently from 5-13y among children in the lowest quartile for insulin (panel 1), consistent with a progressive rise in demand, but fell steeply from 5-7y - despite rising glucose - among those in the highest quartile (consistent with a primary loss of beta cell function in those most beta cell stressed). Outcome: mean glucose at 13y was considerably higher in Q4 (5.5 mmol/l) than Q1 (4.7 mmol/l, p<0.001), and had been higher throughout (panel 2). Fasting insulin levels, on the other hand, were similar (at 5y Q1 4.10, Q4 3.42 mu/l, p=0.13; at 13y, Q1 6.11, Q4 7.22 mu/l, p=0.16). The difference between Q1 and Q4 children for glucose at 13y lay in HOMA-B (panel 3), which was substantially lower in Q4 than Q1 (83.1% v 102.5% at 13y, p=0.005) Gender, physical activity (accelerometry) and pubertal stage all influenced these trends, but only marginally. Conclusion: HOMA-B should be interpreted in the context of insulin demand, and the striking difference for children in the highest quartile for glucose at 13y was not their insulin demand at 5y, but their lack of beta cell response to the subsequent rise in insulin demand - consistent with (and possibly explaining) their relatively poorer glucose control. (Graph presented). ER  - 
Understanding the presentation of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) in the adolescent population: Results from a multispecialty adolescent PCOS program; OBJECTIVE: PCOS is increasingly appreciated in adolescents. The diagnostic criteria for this group are unclear, including the utility of transabdominal pelvic ultrasonography (TAS).We examined how TAS findings correlate with endocrine and metabolic parameters in adolescents with PCOS. DESIGN: Cohort study of all adolescents at a PCOS program. MATERIALS AND METHODS: 80 adolescents underwent complete evaluation including TAS and labs. Polycystic ovarian morphology (PCO) on TAS was defined as at least one ovary with volume >10cm3 and/or ≥12 peripheral follicles measuring 2-9mm without dominant follicle/cyst. Further evaluation included a 2 hour oral glucose tolerance test, total and free testosterone (T) levels. Homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) was calculated from fasting glucose and insulin. Data analysis used student t-test, presented as mean ± SD. RESULTS: 65 subjects met Androgen Excess Society criteria for PCOS: clinical ovarian dysfunction or PCO on TAS and clinical hyperandrogenism or hyperandrogenemia. Mean age was 15.7 ± 1.5 years; mean body mass index (BMI) was 31.6 ± 7.8kg/m2. TAS identified PCO in 65% (42/65) and normal appearing ovaries (NAO) in 35% (23/65) of subjects. PCO and NAO groups did not differ in BMI (32.1 ± 8.4 vs. 30.3 ± 6.5kg/m2). Compared to NAO, the PCO group had higher T (51.2 ± 28 vs. 36.6 ± 20.1ng/dl, p=0.04) and free T (9.3 ± 6.4 vs. 5.1 ± 3.8pg/ml, p=0.01) levels. PCO and NAO had similar rates of impaired glucose tolerance (IGT): 17% (7/42) of PCO and 17% (4/23) of NAO. HOMA-IR did not differ between PCO and NAO (3.6 ± 2.9 vs. 3.5 ± 3.0). CONCLUSION: TAS is an important tool for evaluating adolescents with PCOS. Of the adolescents with clinical features of PCOS, 2/3 demonstrated PCO on TAS and had higher T levels. However, 1/3 did not have classic PCO on TAS. PCO and NAO subjects had similar metabolic profiles: elevated mean BMI, mean HOMA-IR and occurrence of IGT. Thorough assessment including TAS enables an early diagnosis of PCOS, differentiating from simple obesity or normal puberty. ER  - 
Understanding the presentation of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) in the adolescent population: Results from a multispecialty adolescent PCOS program; The proceedings contain 16 papers. The topics discussed include: relationship between the child with BMI of adult. a longitudinal study; longitudinal study of children esparoles normal: abdominal perimeter and in-body mass says up to 28 years; dietary habits and physical activity in primary and its relationship with body mass index and blood pressure; pubertal stage influence of obese children in new cardiometabolic risk factors; early markers and cardiovascular metabolic syndrome in patients born small for gestational age; adiposity central and body composition in children born with little or over weight for gestational age; and hypertension by ambulatory blood pressure monitoring (ABPM) in obese children and adolescents: relationship with degree of obesity, insulin resistance parameters and markers of inflammation. ER  - 
Treatment of adolescent hyperandrogenism; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common cause of hyperin- sulinemic ovarian androgen excess in adolescence. Cross-sectional studies have shown that many overweight and obese girls already present hyperin- sulinemic androgen excess before puberty or in early puberty, and longitudinal studies have disclosed that girls of lower birth weights tend to become hyperinsulinemic and viscerally adipose by 4-6 years of age; these features are accompanied by an abnormal adipokine profile, with low levels of total and high-molecular-weight adiponectin. Girls with a combined history of low birthweight and precocious pubarche (appearance of pubic hair before the age of 8 yr) are at an increased risk for developing PCOS in adolescence. In these girls, insulin sensitization with metformin started in prepuberty and maintained troughout puberty appears to normalize body composition and the endocrine-metabolic profile and thus may prove a useful tool for decreasing the long-term risk for PCOS. Low-dose combination of flutamide (an andro- gen-receptor blocker) and metformin (an insulin-sensitizer) plus an estro-progestagen contraceptive when there is pregnancy risk, has proved so far to be a most effective approach to normalize the broad spectrum of PCOS anomalies in non-obese adolescents and young women. Additive insulin sensitization with low-dose pioglitazone (7.5 mg/d) by additional improvements. Specific genetic polymorphisms, such as the STK11 rs8111699 variant, may influence both insulin sensitivity and the efficacy of insulin sensitization. ER  - 
Exaggerated adrenarche and hirsutism due to steroid 11 p-hydroxylase deficiency: Functional and structural analysis of three novel CYP11B1 point mutations; Steroid 11 β-hydroxylase (CYP11B1) deficiency (11OHD) is the second most common form of congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH). Mild forms are rare and often overlooked. We studied two patients with delayed diagnosis of 11OHD at age 10 and 14 years, respectively. The 10 year-old boy was hypertensive and had been diagnosed with unexplained premature pubarche and exaggerated adrenarche at age 4. Past tests showed increased androgens with normal 17-hydroxyprogesterone. The 14-year old girl presented with significantly facial hirsutism, primary amenorrhea, lack of breast development, and blood pressure was normal. Urinary steroid metabolite analysis via gas chro- matography/mass spectrometry showed an 11OHD pathognomonic increase of THS and diagnostic precursor/ metabolite ratio (THS/THE+THF+5aTHF) in the affected individuals. Mutation analysis revealed compound heterozygous CYP11B1 mutations in the boy (p.F79I; p.R138C) and homozygous mutation in the female patient (p.R143W), respectively. Subsequently during family studies, two siblings of the girl were also diagnosed with 11OHD. The three novel mutations were functionally analyzed employing a COS7 cell in vitro expression system. Furthermore, the mutations were examined in a computational three-dimensional CYP11B1 model. All three novel mutations detected in the patients showed partial functional impairment of enzymatic activity, corresponding to the in vivo situation. The in silico studies were consistent with the in vitro findings allowing for partial CYP11B1 activity. Our functional studies demonstrated the pathogenicity of the three novel CYP11B1 mutations. These data highlight the importance to consider 11 β- hydroxylase deficiency as differential diagnosis in patients presenting with unexplained hyperandrogenism. In addition, it emphasizes the advantages of steroid profiling over selected metabolite analysis to clarify the clinical situation. Furthermore, our data will help predicting phenotypic disease expressions and provide important information for genetic counseling. ER  - 
Gonadotropin-releasing hormone analog therapy in girls with early puberty is associated with achievement of predicted final height but also with increased risk of PCOS; Background: Gonadotropin-releasing hormone analog (GnRHa) therapy has not been supported by beneficial effects on adult stature in girls with early puberty. Furthermore, an increased prevalence of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) has been described in girls treated for central precocious puberty. Women with PCOS are at increased risk of cardio-metabolic dysfunctions and infertility. Objective and hypotheses: Our aim was to assess GnRHa effectiveness on reaching adult stature and the risk of PCOS in girls with early puberty. Methods: A longitudinal study of GnRHa treated and untreated girls at baseline and at final height was performed. Twenty-five GnRHa treated girls and 55 controls were compared. Insulin resistance [homeostasis model assessment (HOMA-IR), glucose to insulin ratio (G/I)], the effect of GnRHa on final height and the prevalence of PCOS were assessed. Results: In GnRHa treated girls no significant difference was found between predicted final height and final height, whereas a significant difference was detected in untreated girls (P=0.0001). At final height, GnRHa treated girls showed higher HOMA-IR and lower G/I (P=0.03 for both), as well as higher DHEA-S and androstenedione levels (P=0.02 and P=0.01, respectively) than untreated girls. The prevalence of PCOS and hyperandrogenemia was significantly higher in GnRHa treated than untreated adolescents (36% and 14.5% respectively, P=0.04; 56% and 23.6% respectively, P=0.01) Finally, gonadotropin-suppressive therapy was significantly related to PCOS during adolescence (P=0.03). Conclusions: In girls with early puberty, GnRHa therapy is associated with achievement of predicted final height; nevertheless, this treatment seems to act as an independent risk factor for development of PCOS already during adolescence. ER  - 
Higher levels of IGF-1 and adrenal androgens at age 8 years predict earlier age at menarche in girls; Background: Earlier age at menarche has been associated with rapid weight gain during infancy and childhood obesity. However, the role of hormonal changes in mediating these associations has not been defined. Objective and hypotheses: To identify childhood hormonal predictors of earlier menarche, which are independent of larger body size Methods: In 329 healthy girls aged 8.1 years (range 8.0 to 8.5) from the Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children (ALSPAC), insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1), androstenedione, dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHEAS), leptin, insulin, IGF binding protein-1(IGFBP-1) and sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) were measured in fasting blood samples. Subsequently, age at menarche was reported by questionnaire at follow-up clinic visits, and was categorised into three groups (< 12, 12-13 and >13 years). Results: Earlier age at menarche was associated with greater body weight, height and BMI at age 8 years (all P<0.001). Before adjustment for body size, earlier menarche was associated with higher levels of IGF-1, androstenedi- one, DHEAS, leptin and fasting insulin; and with lower levels of IGFBP- 1and SHBG at age 8 years (all P<0.01). However, after adjustment for BMI and height at 8 years, only IGF-1 (P=0.004), androstenedione (P=0.01) and DHEAS (P=0.02) remained associated with earlier menarche (Table). (Table presented) Conclusions: Alterations in the levels of both IGF-1 and adrenal androgens during childhood have been linked to rapid infancy weight gain in population studies. Our current findings that, independent of body size, higher levels of IGF-1 and adrenal androgens at age 8 years are associated with earlier menarche in girls, suggests that these hormones could be mediators of the links between early postnatal growth and the timing of pubertal development. ER  - 
Insulin sensitivity and lipid profiles in girls with central precocious puberty before and during gonadal suppression; Early menarche is associated with increased risk of cardiovascular disease in adulthood. It is unknown if metabolic risk factors are adversely affected in girls with central precocious puberty (CPP) at the time of diagnosis. The objective was to evaluate metabolic profiles in girls with early puberty (EP) and CPP. We conducted a combined cross-sectional and longitudinal study in 23 girls with EP or CPP and 115 normally timed prepubertal and pubertal controls who were evaluated by oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), DEXA- scan and fasting blood samples. 15 girls with CPP were treated with GnRH agonists and re-evaluated after 3 and 12 months of treatment. At the time of diagnosis, girls with CPP had higher fasting insulin, triglyceride and LDL- cholesterol levels as well as lower insulin sensitivity and HDL/total cholesterol ratios (all p < 0.05) compared with controls after adjustment for pubertal stage and total body fat percentage. Insulin sensitivity for a given pubertal stage was positively associated with age at pubertal onset (p = 0.04) in girls with EP and CPP. In girls with CPP insulin sensitivity decreased even further during the 12 month of GnRHa treatment (p = 0.02) despite complete gonadal suppression. No differences were found in metabolic profiles between girls with EP and controls. Girls with CPP had adverse metabolic profiles at the time of diagnosis compared to normally timed pubertal controls. In addition, those with the earliest onset of puberty had the most adverse profiles. Surprisingly, metabolic profiles deteriorated even further after gonadal suppression by GnRHa treatment. ER  - 
Growth data in prepubertal children with type 1 diabetes mellitus; In the last decades, there has been an improvement in the quality of care offered to type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) patients. Nevertheless, the effect of the disease on growth and development remains controversial. The aim of this study was to asses the growth in a group of prepubertal children with T1DM. We conducted a prospective study between 1994 and 2008 on 48 prepubertal T1DM children. Inclusion criteria were being prepubertal and older than 18 months. Patients were followed since at least 6 months after initial stabilization, until the onset of puberty or until the end of the study. They were treated either with intensive or conventional insulin therapy. The patients were seen every three months. The glycemic control was assessed by measuring the glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c) concentration. The height, measured by a regular stadiometer, was expressed in standard deviation scores (SDS) and the annual growth velocity was also noted plotted on growth velocity charts. Pubertal development was assessed using Tanner's sexual maturity rating. Forty- eight patients were included (27 males, 21 females), with a mean age of 6,52 years at the start of the study. The median (range) duration of follow-up was 3 (1-8.2) years. At the beginning of the study, patients were slightly taller than average (mean height SDS 0,42 ±0,86). During the subsequent course of diabetes, age-adjusted heights decreased progressively (mean height SDS 0,18± 0,9). Multiple regression analysis revealed that the main determinant of impaired growth in our patients was HbA1c concentration, showing a linear correlation between Hba1c and growth velocity. Growth velocity seems to be related with Hba1c levels in prepubertal age. Long-term prospective studies are needed to stablish whether this impairment in growth velocity affects final height attainment, and clarify the role of other factors, such as HbA1c variability. ER  - 
The effect of Gonadotropin-releasing hormone analog (GnRHa) treatment (Leuprolide) at body fat distrubution in idiopathic central precocious puberty; Background: Gonadotropin releasing hormone analogue(GnRHa) therapy is used in idiopathic central precocious puberty(ICPP) worldwide. It has been also showed that during this therapy BMI is slightly increasing as a side effect. Although there is a close relationship between insulin resistance(IR) and high BMI, it isn't clear that why all obese children don't have IR.At this point, it is important to evaluate body's fat distribution with other techniques. Bioelectrical Impedance Analysis(BIA) is a promising method that can be used in children to measure the increase in body's fat balance. Objective and hypotheses: To investigate the side-effects of GnRHa treatment on body fat composition and IR with this prospective study. Methods: Twenty girls (7.55±1.02y) with ICPP were treated with GnRHa (Leuprolide 3.75 mg IM every three weeks) for an average of 20.83±4.8 months. Follow-up studies of antropometric evaluation, bone age, pelvic sonography and GnRH test were done regularly during the period of treatment. All patients were weighed with Tanita BC 418 in every control. Variations in dietary intake and physical activity level were assessed with validated questionnaires at the beginning and during the study. A dietary program was arranged for all patients. Fasting blood glucose and fasting insulin levels were obtained from the patients who had a rapid weight gain. Glucose-insulin ratio(G/I) and HOMA-IR, were calculated for those patients. Results: 1.Nine patients out of 20(45%) had significantly gain weight. The BMI percentile is elevated slightly compare to total body fat mass. 2.We showed a significant elevation at trunk fat mass compare to baseline (p<0.01). 3.These nine patients had high HOMA-IR and low G/I index. Conclusions: Our results showed a slight increase in BMI and moderate increase in total body fat percentage. It was interesting to find an exaggregated elevation at trunk fat mass and IR in these patients. We suggested that further investigations needs to be done in this area and combination of metformin therapy will be helpful inorder to avoid this complication. ER  - 
Metabolic testing in adolescents with polycystic ovary syndrome; Results: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is increasingly diagnosed in adolescence. However the metabolic risk to these girls has not been established. Eighty adolescents (60% Caucasian, 15% Hispanic, 7.5% African-American) of mean age 15.7+ 0.2 years (range 11.7-18.7) were evaluated for PCOS in our multi-specialty adolescent PCOS program and enrolled into an ongoing cohort study. Assessments included trans-abdominal pelvic ultrasound, androgen panel, fasting lipids, and a 75g 2-hour oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). ADA defined impairments of fasting glucose (IFG) and glucose tolerance (IGT) were assessed. Ten girls were excluded from analysis for metformin use. PCOS was defined for both the 1990 NIH criteria (irregular menses and hyperandrogenemia/ism with exclusion of other disorders) and the 2006 Androgen Excess Society (AES) criteria, which allowed substitution of PCO ultrasound findings for presence of irregular menses. Insulin resistance was evaluated using the homeostatic model assessment (HOMA). Statistical analysis employed student t-test and Fischer's exact test. Fifty-five girls met NIH criteria of PCOS and 64 girls met AES criteria. Statistical analysis for metabolic parameters was performed for both definitions of PCOS. IGT was present in 15% of the NIH and 16% of AES defined PCOS. IFG was found in only one subject. When each cohort was divided according to BMI, IGT was similarly present in both non-obese (NOB, BMI< 30 kg/m2) and obese (OB, BMI>30 kg/m2) girls. 12% (3/26) of NIH-NOB (BMI 25.5 Â± 0.7) and 13% (4/31) of AES-NOB (BMI 25.3 Â± 0.6) had IGT. This was not statistically different (p=0.7) from OB girls (BMI 37.5 Â± 0.9) with IGT present in 17% (5/29-NIH) and 18% (6/33-AES). However for either PCOS definition, other metabolic risk factors like HOMA (NOB 2.4 Â± 0.38 vs OB 4.9 Â± 0.69, p=0.003) and CRP (NOB 1.5 Â± 0.37 vs OB 4.4 Â± 0.91mg/L, p=0.04) corresponded with BMI. Independent of the definition used, over 10% of non-obese adolescents with PCOS had IGT. This indicates that even non-obese pubertal girls with irregular menses and hyperandrogenism should have metabolic evaluation with OGTT. Diagnosis of IGT in adolescence should prompt early intervention to prevent type 2 diabetes. ER  - 
Trends in beta cell function among children who develop impaired fasting glucose-an eight-year longitudinal study; Results: Glucose control becomes impaired when insulin secretion can no longer meet demand. Little is known of the trends in contemporary children, for whom obesity and diabetes are increasingly common. We plotted the trajectories of fasting glucose and insulin annually over 8 years in a single cohort of healthy contemporary children (144 boys, 114 girls) and modelled the corresponding trends in insulin sensitivity (S) and insulin release (B) using HOMA2. The children were of uniform age (SDÂ±3m) and race (99% White Caucasian), and were randomly selected at 5y from 54 city schools. Thirty-eight of the children (15%) developed impaired fasting glucose (IFG, ≥5.5mmol/l) by 13y, and their trends were compared with those who comprised the least (Q1) and the most (Q4) insulin sensitive quartile of the cohort at 5y. The design allowed retrospective analysis according to outcome at 13y (IFG), and prospective analysis according to apparent risk at 5y (HOMA-S). About one third (n=12/38) of children IFG at 13y had been Q1 for insulin sensitivity at 5y, but a quarter had been Q4. Fasting glucose rose progressively from 5-13y in all three groups (IFG at 13y mean 5.6 mmol/l, Q4 5.1 mmol/l and Q1 5.1 mmol/l). HOMA-S fell in the IFG children (-111 HOMA-S units) and in Q4 (-316 S units), but not in Q1 (+14 S units). HOMA-B rose in Q4 (+40 HOMA-B units), fell in Q1 (-25 B units) but changed little in the IFG children (+1 B unit), despite their loss of insulin sensitivity. Gender, height, BMI, fat mass (DEXA), physical activity (accelerometry) and pubertal stage all influenced these trends, but only to a small extent. A substantial proportion of contemporary children develop IFG, but they cannot be identified from HOMA-S at 5y. Changes in HOMA-B should be interpreted in the context of S, and the striking feature in IFG children was their lack of beta cell response to falling insulin sensitivity - consistent with (and possibly explaining) their impaired glucose control. These observations are novel in healthy children. ER  - 
Adiponectin independently associated with atherogenic lipoprotein pattern in adolescents; Results: The study objectives were to determine: 1. the relationship between adiponectin, and lipoprotein subclass concentration and particle size in obese and lean adolescents, and 2. whether this relationship is dependent on obesity and/or insulin resistance. In this cross-sectional study of pubertal (Tanner >1) adolescents (12-17 yrs), obese (BMI ≥95%ile) nondiabetic subjects (N=74) were compared to lean controls (N=40). Lipoprotein subclass analysis was by NMR spectroscopy (N=43 Ob, N=32 L). Obese and lean groups were similar in demographics and pubertal stage. Obese adolescents had decreased adiponectin and an atherogenic lipid pattern compared to lean subjects. (Table presented) Multiple linear regression showed significant positive associations between adiponectin and HDL (B=0.0013, p=0.03) and HDL size (B=0.00008, p=0.001), and negative associations between adiponectin and small HDL (B= -0.00002, p=0.042) and small dense LDL (B= -2.40e-06, p=0.037), after adjusting for gender, age, race, Tanner stage, and after controlling for HOMA-IR and BMI. Adiponectin was associated with HDL, HDL size, small HDL, and small dense LDL, after adjusting for the effects of obesity and insulin resistance. This is the first such report in a pediatric population, and suggests an independent relationship between adiponectin and lipids in adolescents. ER  - 
Influence of diet quality on glycemic control & body mass index (ZBMI) in youth with type 1 diabetes (T1D); Results: While the primary focus of dietary management of T1D is on matching carbohydrate intake to insulin dose, studies suggest higher diet quality may benefit glycemic control and body weight. We aimed to assess the relationship of multiple indicators of diet quality to A1c and zBMI in youth with T1D. Youth (n=259) age 8 to 18 years (13.4Â±2.9) with T1D duration ≥1 year (6.4Â±3.4) completed 3-day food records. Clinical data was abstracted from medical records, and youth and parents completed self-report surveys. Diet quality indicators included fruit and vegetable servings, glycemic index (GI), and nutrient density (Nutrient Rich Food score NRF9.3, based on 9 nutrients to encourage and 3 nutrients to limit). Hierarchical regression was used in analyses of nutrient density and GI; ANCOVA was used in analyses of fruit and vegetable servings (categorized). Analyses for A1c controlled for regimen (injection/pump), Tanner stage, BG monitoring frequency, and parent report of adherence; analyses for zBMI controlled for physical activity. Youth consumed a mean of 1.0Â±1.1 serving (median 0.7, range 0-9) of fruit (excluding juice) and 1.5Â±1.3 servings (median 1.2, range 0-11) of vegetables per day. The mean GI of the diet was 59.8Â±4.0 (medium GI) and the mean nutrient density score was 20.7Â±10.3. In adjusted analyses, no diet quality indicator explained additional variance in A1c. There was a trend for lower A1c with greater fruit consumption in unadjusted analysis (daily servings <1, A1c 8.6; 1 to <2, A1c 8.3; 2+, A1c 8.1; p=.06); the magnitude of this relationship decreased somewhat after adjustment. Greater nutrient density (p=.02) and fruit consumption (p=.02) were associated with lower zBMI in adjusted analyses. Findings from this analysis did not indicate a relationship of diet quality to glycemic control, but did find a relationship with zBMI. Fruit and vegetable consumption were well below recommended levels. Given that families have reported restricting fruit consumption due to concerns about raising blood glucose levels, it is notable that greater fruit consumption exhibited a trend toward better glycemic control and was associated with lower zBMI. ER  - 
A new era in type 1 diabetes management and still menstrual irregularities and menarche delay: Rethinking the equation; Results: We sought to identify factors associated with delayed menarche and menstrual irregularity in T1DM. This was an observational, cross sectional study of females ages 11- 24 years (n=228) with at least one menstrual period recruited during their outpatient diabetes visit. NHANES 2001-2006 data (n=3690) for females 12-24 years were used as a control group. Age at menarche was later in girls with T1DM diagnosed prior to menarche (n=185) (12.81 Â± 0.09 years) (meanÂ± SE) than for girls diagnosed after menarche (12.17 Â± 0.19 years, p=0.0015). Average age of menarche in NHANES was 12.27 Â± 0.038 years, which was significantly earlier than girls with T1DM prior to menarche (p<0.0001) and similar to girls diagnosed after menarche (p=0.77). Older age at menarche was negatively correlated with BMI z-score (r=-0.23 p=0.0029) but not A1C at menarche (r = 0.01, p = 0.91). Among 181 girls who were at least 2 years post menarche, 63 (35%) reported usually or always irregular cycles. Girls with T1DM had a later onset of menarche than both girls who developed T1DM after menarche and NHANES data. Menarche age was negatively associated with BMI z-score, but not A1C. Despite improved treatment in recent decades, menarche delay and high prevalence of menstrual irregularity is still observed among girls with T1DM. (Figure Presented). ER  - 
Associations between insulin and glucose concentrations and anthropometric measures of fat mass in Australian adolescents; Background: One of the most serious, yet common co-morbidities of obesity is insulin resistance, which if untreated may progress to type 2 diabetes. This paper describes the insulin and glucose concentration distributions, the prevalence of elevated insulin, the associations between insulin and body mass index (BMI), waist circumference, waist-to-height ratio (WHtR) and fat mass index in a representative sample of Australian adolescents.Methods: Cross-sectional population-based study of adolescent boys and girls (N = 496, mean age 15.3 years) attending schools in metropolitan Sydney, Australia. Fasting venous blood collected and analysed for insulin and glucose concentrations. Height, weight, waist circumference measured, BMI and waist-to-height ratio calculated. Pubertal status self-reported.Results: Glucose concentrations were normally distributed and were not associated with adiposity. Insulin concentrations were distributed logarithmically, were higher among girls than boys overall and within the same ranges of BMI and waist circumference, but were lower among girls than boys within the same ranges of fat mass adjusted for height. The prevalence of elevated insulin concentration (defined as > 100 pmol/L) was 15.9% and 17.1% among boys and girls, respectively. Correlations between insulin concentration and BMI, waist circumference, WHtR and fat mass adjusted for height were 0.53, 0.49, 0.51 and 0.55, among boys, respectively, and 0.35, 0.40, 0.42 and 0.34, among girls, respectively.Conclusions: Elevated insulin is highly correlated with adiposity in adolescents. BMI and WHtR are simple measures that can be used to identify young people who should be screened for insulin resistance and other co-morbidities. © 2010 Denney-Wilson et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
The growth hormone insulin-like growth factor 1 axis in children and adolescents with inflammatory bowel disease and growth retardation; Context There is scarce knowledge about the growth hormone (GH) insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF1) axis in children & adolescents with inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) and growth retardation. Objective To describe the pattern of GH and IGF1 secretion in children & adolescents with IBD. Design A retrospective review of 28 patients (23 M) of IBD (25 Crohn's Disease and three Ulcerative Colitis) and growth retardation who had investigation of the GHIGF-1 axis. Height velocity (HV) and serum IGF1 were converted to standard deviation score (SDS); to account for delayed puberty in girls over 11 years and boys over 12 years, HV and serum IGF1 SDS were adjusted for bone age. Results Median (range) age and Ht SDS at the time of endocrine evaluation was 14·3 years (7·7,17·0) and -2·0(-3·6,- 0·9), respectively. Median HVSDS over the prior 12 months was -2·2(-7·7,2·8). Median peak serum GH on insulin tolerance test (ITT) was 5·8 mcgl (1·3, 24·0), and median serum IGF1 SDS was -0·9(-3·1, 0·1). Five of 28 (18%) had a peak serum GH of >12 mcgl. Overall, four had biochemical evidence of functional GH deficiency (peak GH < 3 mcgl and IGF1 SDS < 0) and 11 children had biochemical evidence suggesting GH resistance (peak GH > 6 mcgl and IGF1 SDS < 0). However, only one child had a peak serum GH > 6 mcgl and a very low IGF1 SDS of <-2·0. There was a negative association between peak serum GH and Ht SDS (r = -0·49, P = 0·008), but there was no association with HV and there was no association between IGF1 SDS and Ht or HV SDS. IGF1 SDS showed a negative association with erythrocyte sedimentation rate (r = -0·41, P = 0·04). Conclusion Growth retardation in children and adolescents with IBD is commonly associated with a range of biochemical abnormalities ranging from functional GH deficiency to GH resistance. In these children, poor relationship between systemic markers of growth and height velocity point to an important role of growth factors at the target organ level in modulating growth in children with IBD. The value of assessing the GHIGF-1 axis and whether it predicts subsequent response to growth-promoting therapy requires further exploration. © 2010 Blackwell Publishing Ltd. ER  - 
Fatness, fitness, and cardiometabolic risk factors among sixth-grade youth; Purpose: Examine whether cardiometabolic risk factors are predicted by fitness or fatness among adolescents. Methods: Participants are 4955 (2614 female) sixth-grade students with complete data from 42 US middle schools. Fasting blood samples were analyzed for total cholesterol, HDL-and LDL-cholesterol, triglyceride, glucose, and insulin concentrations. Waist circumference and blood pressure were assessed. Body mass index (BMI) was categorized as normal weight, overweight, or obese as a measure of fatness. Fitness was assessed using the multistage shuttle test and was converted into gender-specific quintiles. Gender-specific regression models, adjusted for race, pubertal status, and household education, were run to identify whether BMI group predicted risk factors. Models were repeated with fitness group and both fitness and fatness groups as predictors. Results: Means for each risk factor (except HDL, which was the reverse) were significantly higher (P < 0.0001) with increased fatness and differed across all BMI groups (P < 0.001). Waist circumference, LDL-cholesterol, triglycerides, diastolic blood pressure, and insulin were inversely associated with fitness (P < 0.001). When both fatness and fitness were included in the model, BMI was associated (P < 0.001) with almost all cardiometabolic risk factors; fitness was only associated with waist circumference (both genders), LDL-cholesterol (males), and insulin (both genders). Other associations between fitness and cardiometabolic risk factors were attenuated after adjustment for BMI group. Conclusions: Both fatness and fitness are associated with cardiometabolic risk factors among sixth-grade youth, but stronger associations were observed for fatness. Although maintaining high levels of fitness and preventing obesity may positively affect cardiometabolic risk factors, greater benefit may be obtained from obesity prevention. © 2010 by the American College of Sports Medicine. ER  - 
Insulin sensitivity and lipid profiles in girls with central precocious puberty before and during gonadal suppression; Context: Early menarche is associated with increased risk of cardiovascular disease in adulthood. It is unknown whether metabolic risk factors are adversely affected in girls with central precocious puberty (CPP) already at time of diagnosis. Objective: The objective of the study was to evaluate metabolic profiles in girls with early normal puberty (EP) and CPP. Design and Setting: This was a combined cross-sectional and longitudinal study at a tertiary center of pediatric endocrinology. Patients and Intervention: Twenty-three girls with EP or CPP and 115 controls with normal pubertal timing were evaluated by oral glucose tolerance test, dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry scan, and fasting blood samples. Fifteen girls (13 CPP) were treated with GnRH agonists (GnRHa) and re-evaluated after 12 and 52 wk of treatment. Main Outcome Measures: Insulin and glucose levels during oral glucose tolerance test and fasting lipid levels were measured. Results: At the time of diagnosis, girls with CPP had higher fasting insulin, triglyceride, and low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol levels as well as lower insulin sensitivity and high-density lipoprotein/total cholesterol ratios (all P < 0.05) compared with controls after adjustment for pubertal stage and body fat percentage. Age at pubertal onset positively predicted insulin sensitivity for a given pubertal stage (P = 0.04) in girls with EP and CPP. Insulin sensitivity decreased significantly during 1 yr of GnRHa treatment (P = 0.04). Conclusions: Girls with CPP had adverse metabolic profiles at the time of diagnosis compared with puberty-matched controls. In addition, those with the earliest onset of puberty had the most adverse metabolic profiles. Surprisingly, metabolic profiles deteriorated even further after withdrawal of sex steroids by GnRHa treatment. Copyright © 2010 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Serum anti-müllerian hormone concentrations in prepubertal girls with and without premature adrenarche: The influence of body mass index; Background: A connection between premature adrenarche (PA) and polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) has been proposed. We investigated whether anti-müllerian hormone (AMH) production is increased in prepubertal girls with PA, as it is in women with PCOS and in their prepubertal daughters. Methods: Fifty-two prepubertal girls with PA and 48 prepubertal age-matched controls were studied. Serum AMH concentrations were determined by a specific ELISA assay and correlated with baseline steroid hormone, GnRH-stimulated LH and FSH, and glucose and insulin concentrations during an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). Results: Girls with PA had lower serum AMH concentrations than their controls (2.65 vs. 3.43 ng/ml, p = 0.035). This difference between the study groups vanished when adjusted for BMI SDS score (SDS) or body fat percentage. In the entire cohort, serum AMH concentration was negatively correlated with BMI SDS (r = -0.23, p = 0.019) and androstenedione (r = -0.22, p = 0.03), but not with age, GnRH-stimulated LH or FSH, baseline or OGTT insulin concentrations. Within the control group only, there was an inverse relationship of serum AMH with DHEAS (r = -0.32, p = 0.028) concentrations. Conclusions: Unlike prepubertal daughters of PCOS women, PA girls do not have abnormalities in serum AMH concentrations at prepubertal age. Copyright © 2010 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Changes in resting energy expenditure and their relationship to insulin resistance and weight gain: A longitudinal study in pre-pubertal children (EarlyBird 17); Background & aims: In adults, adjustments in resting energy expenditure (REE) are used to defend energy balance against disturbance caused by over-and under-nutrition, and may be linked to changes in insulin resistance and leptin. Little is known of these associations in children. Our aim was to test the hypothesis that long-term weight gain in children is met with adaptive changes in resting energy expenditure, mediated by insulin resistance and/or leptin. Methods: REE by indirect calorimetry, anthropometry, body composition by DEXA, insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and serum leptin were measured annually in 232 children from the age of 7-10 y. Results: REE rose from 7 to 10 y, and the rise exceeded that predicted by the concurrent rise in fat and fat-free mass by 184 kcal/day in the boys and by 160 kcal/day in the girls. However, there were no significant relationships in either gender between this 'excess' rise in REE and change in body composition (r ≤ 0.08, p ≥ 0.42). The rise in both boys and girls was associated with, but not explained by, a rise in insulin resistance (p ≤ 0.002). There was no association with serum leptin (p ≥ 0.32). Conclusions: The data do not support the hypothesis of adaptive changes in REE in pre-pubertal children, and insulin resistance explains very little of the pre-pubertal rise in REE. The rise in REE beyond that explained by changes in body composition may reflect an increase in energy requirements prior to puberty. © 2010 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. ER  - 
Associations among sleep, caloric intake, insulin resistance, and body mass index in adolescents; Introduction: Diabetes mellitus (type 2) and its intermediate metabolic traits such as insulin resistance are increasingly prevalent among adolescents, likely due at least in part to increasing body weight among teens. Body mass index (BMI) is directly correlated with caloric intake and inversely correlated with total sleep time (TST). It is not clear whether TST is associated with caloric intake or metabolic traits such as insulin resistance in adolescents. The purpose of this study is to explore the associations between TST, caloric intake, insulin resistance, and BMI in otherwise healthy adolescents. Methods: As part of an ongoing study, participants aged 12 to 18 years were recruited from the community. Participants completed questionnaires regarding demographic characteristics, pubertal status (self-rated), and sleep duration (self-reported). Mean caloric and nutrient intake was measured by multiple interview-administered 24-hour diet recalls. Weight and height were measured and fasting (> 8 hours) blood was assayed for serum insulin and glucose. Insulin resistance (homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance; HOMA-IR) was calculated as fasting serum insulin (μU/ml) × fasting serum glucose (mg/dL)/405. Descriptive and partial correlations were used for data analyses (α = .05). Results: The sample (n = 30) included 56.7% (17) females, 76.7% (23) White adolescents. The mean age was 15.7 + 2.0 years. Mean BMI was 24.4 + 5.4 kg/m2, with 40% being obese or overweight. Mean caloric intake was 2,310 + 585 kilocalories and HOMA-IR index was 1.96 + 1.1 (> 2 = “pathological”). Mean nocturnal TST was 7.7 + .92 hours per night, less than the 8.5 - 9.25 recommended. Mean fasting serum glucose and insulin levels were (94.4 + 6.4 mg/dL and 8.5 + 5.0 μU/mL), respectively. All fasting glucose levels were in the nondiabetic range. Controlling for age, gender, BMI, and pubertal status, decreased TST was significantly associated with increased carbohydrate (r = -.46, P = .02) and sugar (r = -.55, P < .01) intake. TST was not associated with HOMA-IR, kilocalories, or BMI. Conclusion: Collectively, the sample was sleep deprived. This exploratory study was limited by the small sample size. However, the findings suggest that similar to previous findings in young adults, decreased TST was associated an increase in appetite for calorie-dense foods with high carbohydrate content; eating behaviors that potentially lead to obesity or endocrine and metabolic disorders. ER  - 
Excessive TV viewing and cardiovascular disease risk factors in adolescents. The AVENA cross-sectional study.; BACKGROUND: Excessive television (TV) viewing might play an important role in the development of cardiovascular disease (CVD). The aim of this study was to examine the independent associations between TV viewing and CVD risk factors in adolescents. METHODS: A sample of 425 adolescents, aged 13- to 18.5-year-old, was included in this study. Body mass index (BMI), waist circumference (WC), glucose, total cholesterol, triglycerides, HDL-cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol, apolipoprotein (apo) A-1, apo B-100, and lipoprotein(a) levels were determined. A composite CVD risk score was computed based on age-, sex-, sexual maturation- and race-standardized triglycerides, HDL-cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol and glucose. TV viewing was self-reported. RESULTS: Two hundred and twenty-five adolescents (53%) who spent >3 hrs/day watching TV were considered as the "high TV viewing" group. Ninety-nine adolescents (23%) from the total sample were classified as overweight according to International age- and sex-specific BMI values. The high TV viewing group had significantly less favorable values of HDL-cholesterol, glucose, apo A1 and CVD score, independent of age, sex, sexual maturation, race and weight status. There was a significant interaction effect of TV viewing x weight status (P = 0.002) on WC, and the negative influence of TV viewing on WC persisted in the overweight group (P = 0.031) but was attenuated in non-overweight adolescents (P > 0.05). CONCLUSION: Excessive TV viewing seems to be related to an unfavorable CVD risk factors profile in adolescence. Reducing TV viewing in overweight adolescents might be beneficial to decrease abdominal body fat. ER  - 
DDT-derivatives pesticides could modulate GH-IGF axis in youngsters; Insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-I) and its binding proteins (mainly, IGFBP-3) and DDT-derivative pesticides (DDTs) have been involved in the pathogenesis of several malignancies, such as cancer, diabetes and growth disorders. Recently, it has been suggested that DDTs may influence IGF levels in adults. Due to the fact that IGF-I peak levels at puberty could determine IGF-I levels in adulthood, we developed a cross-sectional study to evaluate the potential relationship between the serum levels of DDTs and IGF-I in youngsters (160 people between 6 and 19 years; 81 boys and 79 girls) from a representative sample of the general population of the Canary Islands (Spain). Multivariate models (ANCOVA) tests were used adjusting for confounding variables (age, BMI, and IGFBP-3), and stratifying by gender. Our results showed that IGF-I serum levels were significantly lower in pre-pubertal male children (6-15 years) who showed detectable levels of p,pѤ-DDE and p,pѤ-DDD than in pre-pubertal male children who presented non-detectable levels of these DDTs (p = 0.023 and p = 0.049, respectively). Additionally, in this multivariate model, a non-linear dose-response curve was observed between Total DDT body burden (sum of the three DDTs measured in serum: p,pѤ-DDT, p,pѤ-DDE, and p,pѤ-DDD) and IGF-I in pre-pubertal male children (p = 0.043). These findings agree with previous studies that related p,pѤ-DDE serum levels with decreased height and weight in children. Our results seem to indicate that DDTs could modulate the IGF-system in a way that is highly influenced by gender and age. Such circumstance implies that environmental contaminants could influence the long-term risk of several diseases related to GH-IGF axis (diabetes, cancer, allergies, growth disorders, etc.). ER  - 
Metabolic syndrome in overweight children from the city of Botucatu-So Paulo State-Brazil: Agreement among six diagnostic criteria; Background. The metabolic syndrome has been described in children; however, a standard criterion has not been established for its diagnosis. Also, few studies have been conducted to specifically observe the possible existence of agreement among the existing diagnostic criteria. The purpose of the study is to evaluate agreement concerning prevalence rates of the metabolic syndrome diagnosed by six different criteria in overweight schoolchildren in the city of Botucatu-SP-Brazil. Methods. This is a cross-sectional study on 128 overweight schoolchildren. Clinical examination included anthropometry, pubertal staging evaluation, and blood pressure. Triacylglycerol, glycemia, HDL-cholesterol, insulin levels, and HOMA-IR were determined. The Kappa index, the Mann-Whitney test and the chi-square test were used for statistical analysis. Results. The prevalence of the metabolic syndrome varied from 10 to 16.5% according to different diagnostic criteria. Results were similar for boys and girls and pubertal stage. Great agreement was observed among the six different diagnostic criteria for the metabolic syndrome. Conclusions. Different diagnostic criteria, when adopted for subjects with similar demographic characteristics, generate similar and compatible prevalence. Results suggest that it is possible to adopt any of the analyzed criteria, and the choice should be according to the components available for each situation. © 2010 Rinaldi et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Clinical features, reproductive endocrine and metabolic abnormalities of adolescent girls with polycystic ovary syndrome; Objective: To investigate the clinical features, reproductive endocrine and metabolic abnormalities in adolescent girls with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Methods: A total of 325 adolescent girls with normal menstruation, 18 obese (OB-CON) and 307 non-obese (NOB-CON), were enrolled as controls from multiple middle schools in Shanghai, China. A total of 167 adolescent girls with PCOS, 90 obese (OB-PCOS) and 77 non-obese (NOB-PCOS), were also recruited. All cases were evaluated for their clinical manifestations, reproductive endocrine and metabolic parameters. Hyperandrogenism was determined by serum testosterone (T), free androgen index (FAI) and dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHEA-S). Insulin sensitivity was measured by fasting insulin (FINS) and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). Results: (1) Menarche was significantly earlier in adolescent PCOS than in controls. The incidence of obesity was significantly higher in adolescent PCOS than that in control group. (2) T, FAI and DHEA-S were significantly higher in adolescent PCOS group than those in control group. FAI was higher in OB-PCOS group than in NOB-PCOS group. LH and LH/FSH were higher in PCOS groups than those in controls. LH and LH/FSH were also much higher in NOB-PCOS group than those in OB-PCOS group. (3) HOMA-IR and FINS were significantly higher in PCOS group than those in control group. Incidence of acanthosis nigricans, FINS, HOMA-IR and triglyceride were significantly higher in OB-PCOS group than those in NOB-PCOS group. (4) 95.21% PCOS girls presented with an ultrasonic morphological evidence of polycystic ovarian. Conclusion: The essential features of adolescent PCOS are an earlier onset of menarche, a persistent menstrual disorder over 2 years after menarche, a higher incidence of obesity, marked hyperandrogenism and insulin resistance and disorderly gonadotropine secretion in comparison with control subjects. Hyperandrogenism and insulin resistance are much more severe in obese adolescent PCOS. Copyright © 2012 by the Chinese Medical Association. ER  - 
The impact of menstruation in adolescents with disabilities related to cerebral palsy; Background: Information regarding menstrual difficulties for adolescents with developmental disabilities and their families is limited. Aim: To assess the impact of menstruation on adolescents with developmental disabilities and their families, and to compare this to previously reported experiences of age-matched normal girls. Methods: Families of girls aged 12-18 years with known disabilities, attending the Royal Children's Hospital, Melbourne, were recruited into a questionnaire based study evaluating issues of menstruation and associated problems, together with the consequent psychological, social and emotional impact on their families and carers. Information was sought regarding menstrual management strategies, outcome satisfaction and specific areas of family concern. Results: 103 questionnaires were completed. The average age of participating girls was 15.11 years, mean menarchal age 12.3 years. 79 girls were postmenarchal. The severity of menstrual problems was similar to a normal population. 59 (76%) were happy with the impact of menses on their social activities. More than 50% sought menstrual advice before menarche. Advice seeking strongly correlated with disability severity (p=0.01) and impact of menses on social activities (p=0.01), which in turn were highly predictive of seeking assistance (p=0.005). Carer satisfaction with current management inversely correlated with treatment seeking behaviour (p=0.034). Conclusions: Menstrual characteristics in this population are similar to those without disabilities. There is a high level of parental anxiety regarding the impact of menses, particularly when disability is severe. Medical therapies may be required but information for families is lacking. Clinicians should play a proactive and educational role with families and adolescents with disabilities. ER  - 
A novel homozygous splice acceptor site mutation of KISS1R in two siblings with normosmic isolated hypogonadotropic hypogonadism; Context: Loss-of-function mutations of the kisspeptin-1 receptor gene, KISS1R, have been identified in patients with normosmic isolated hypogonadotropic hypogonadism (nIHH). Objective: To investigate KISS1R defects in patients with absent or delayed puberty. Patients: We investigated KISS1R gene defects in a cohort of 99 Brazilian patients with nIHH or constitutional delay of puberty (CDP). Methods: The entire coding region of KISS1R was amplified by PCR followed by automatic sequencing. In addition, screening for KISS1R exonic deletions was performed by multiplex ligation-dependent probe amplification. Results: One novel homozygous KISS1R mutation was identified in two siblings with nIHH. This variant was an insertion/deletion (indel) mutation characterized by the deletion of three nucleotides (GCA) at position -2 to -4, and by the insertion of seven nucleotides (ACCGGCT) at the same position, within the 3′ splice acceptor site of intron 2 of KISS1R. The brothers who carried this KISS1R mutation had no clinical evidence of pubertal development at the ages of 14 and 20 years. Computational analysis of this indel mutation predicted the generation of an abnormal protein. In addition, a new heterozygous KISS1R variant (p.E252Q) was identified in a male patient with sporadic nIHH. However, in vitro studies of this variant did not demonstrate functional impairment. Only known polymorphisms were identified in patients with CDP. Conclusion: Loss-of-function mutations of KISS1R represents a rare cause of nIHH, and was absent in patients with CDP. We have described a novel KISS1R homozygous splice acceptor site mutation in the familial form of nIHH. © 2010 European Society of Endocrinology. ER  - 
GNRH analog therapy in girls with early puberty is associated with the achievement of predicted final height but also with increased risk of polycystic ovary syndrome; Objective: GNRH analog (GNRHa) therapy has not been supported by beneficial effects on adult stature in girls with early puberty. Furthermore, an increased prevalence of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) has been described in girls treated for central precocious puberty. Women with PCOS are at increased risk of cardiometabolic dysfunctions and infertility. Our aim was to assess GNRHa effectiveness on reaching adult stature and the risk of PCOS in girls with early puberty. Design: Longitudinal study of GNRHa-treated and GNRHa-untreated girls at baseline and at final height. Methods: Twenty-five GNRHa-treated girls and 55 controls were compared. Insulin resistance (IR; homeostasis model assessment of IR (HOMA-IR) and glucose-to-insulin ratio (G/I)), the effect of GNRHa on final height, and the prevalence of PCOS were assessed. Results: In GNRHa-treated girls, no significant difference was found between predicted final height and final height, whereas a significant difference was detected in untreated girls (PZ0.0001). At final height, GNRHa-treated girls showed higher HOMA-IR and lower G/I (P=0.03 for both) as well as higher DHEAS and androstenedione levels (P=0.02 and P=0.01 respectively) than untreated girls. The prevalence of PCOS and hyperandrogenemia was significantly higher in GNRHa-treated adolescents than in untreated adolescents (36 and 14.5% respectively, P=0.04; 56 and 23.6% respectively, P=0.01). Finally, gonadotropin-suppressive therapy was significantly related to PCOS during adolescence (P=0.03). Conclusions: In girls with early puberty, GNRHa therapy is associated with the achievement of predicted final height; nevertheless, this treatment seems to act as an independent risk factor for the development of PCOS already during adolescence. © 2010 European Society of Endocrinology. ER  - 
Cumulative risk, age at onset, and sex-specific differences for developing end-stage renal disease in young patients with type 1 diabetes: A nationwide population-based cohort study; OBJECTIVE - This study aimed to estimate the current cumulative risk of end-stage renal disease (ESRD) due to diabetic nephropathy in a large, nationwide, population-based prospective type 1 diabetes cohort and specifically study the effects of sex and age at onset. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - In Sweden, all incident cases of type 1 diabetes aged 0-14 years and 15-34 years are recorded in validated research registers since 1977 and 1983, respectively. These registers were linked to the Swedish Renal Registry, which, since 1991, collects data on patients who receive active uremia treatment. Patients with ≥13 years duration of type 1 diabetes were included (n = 11,681). RESULTS - During a median time of follow-up of 20 years, 127 patients had developed ESRD due to diabetic nephropathy. The cumulative incidence at 30 years of type 1 diabetes duration was low, with a male predominance (4.1% [95% CI 3.1-5.3] vs. 2.5% [1.7-3.5]). In both male and female subjects, onset of type 1 diabetes before 10 years of age was associated with the lowest risk of developing ESRD. The highest risk of ESRD was found in male subjects diagnosed at age 20-34 years (hazard ratio 3.0 [95% CI 1.5-5.7]). In female subjects with onset at age 20-34 years, the risk was similar to patients' diagnosed before age 10 years. CONCLUSIONS - The cumulative incidence of ESRD is exceptionally low in young type 1 diabetic patients in Sweden. There is a striking difference in risk for male compared with female patients. The different patterns of risk by age at onset and sex suggest a role for puberty and sex hormones. © 2010 by the American Diabetes Association. ER  - 
Screen time and metabolic risk factors among adolescents; Objective: To examine the association between screen time (ST) (ie, television/DVD/video and computer use) guidelines and risk factors for cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes mellitus, and fatty liver diseases in midadolescence. Design: Cross-sectional. Setting: High schools in Sydney, Australia. Participants: Grade 10 students (N=496; 58% boys; mean [SD] age, 15.4 [0.4] years). Main Exposures: Body mass index, waist circumference, cardiorespiratory endurance, dietary factors, socioeconomic status, and pubertal status. Main Outcome Measures: Screen time was categorized as less than 2 hours per day or 2 or more hours per day and calculated for weekday, weekend, and the entire week. Fasting blood samples were analyzed for levels of high-density lipoprotein and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, insulin, and glucose; homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR); levels of alanine aminotransferase, γ-glutamyltransferase, and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein; and blood pressure. Abnormal results were categorized according to published guidelines. Results: Mean ST for all students was 3.1 hours per day and for weekdays and weekend days, 2.6 hours per day and 4.4 hours per day, respectively. Boys were more likely to exceed ST guidelines than girls (odds ratio [OR], 2.71; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.67-4.38). There were no significant associations between ST guidelines and metabolic risk factors among girls. After adjusting for potential confounders, boys who exceeded ST guidelines on weekdays were more likely to have elevated HOMA-IR (adjusted OR, 2.42; 95% CI, 1.11-5.28) and insulin levels (adjusted OR, 2.73; 95% CI, 1.43-5.23). Conclusions: Adolescent boys with ST of 2 or more hours per day on weekdays have twice the risk of abnormal levels of insulin and HOMA-IR compared with peers with ST less than 2 hours per day on weekdays. These results suggest there is an increased risk of insulin resistance among adolescent boys who do not meet ST guidelines on weekdays. ©2010 American Medical Association. All rights reserved. ER  - 
High prevalence of primary ovarian insufficiency in girls and young women with Nijmegen breakage syndrome: Evidence from a longitudinal study; Context: Nijmegen breakage syndrome (NBS) is a severe chromosomal instability disorder characterized by microcephaly, growth retardation, immune deficiency, and predisposition for malignancy. It is caused by hypomorphic mutations in the NBN gene, which product belongs to the protein complex critical for processing DNA double-strand breaks during mitotic and meiotic recombination. Data on gonadal function in patients with NBS are limited. Objective: Growth and sexual development, along with hormonal assays, were evaluated in girls and young women with NBS homozygous for c.657-661del5 mutation. Study Design and Patients: The group comprised 37 girls and young women with NBS (ages, 0.17-24.25 yr), followed between 1993 and 2008. Patients were divided into three age groups: 1) 1-3 yr; 2) 4-9 yr; and 3) 10 yr and older. Growth, puberty, concentrations of gonadotropins and 17-β-estradiol, bone age, and pelvic ultrasound were assessed. Results: None of the patients presented a typical growth spurt; the adult height ranged between the 3rd and 25th centiles. Median bone age was delayed by 4.05 yr. Pubarche reached stadium P2 in eight patients and P3 in two patients. In all but one girl, thelarche did not exceed Th2, with low 17β-estradiol levels. Gonadotropin levels showed a biphasic pattern, with median FSH values of 55.0, 10.9, and 81.9 IU/liter, and LH of 3.2, 0.8, and 21.0 IU/liter in consecutive age groups. Ultrasound visualized small ovaries or solid streaks and the hypoplastic uterus. Conclusions: Primary ovarian insufficiency and the associated hypergonadotropic hypogonadism are hallmark manifestations in girls and young women with NBS. Our findings emphasize the need for long-term endocrinological and interdisciplinary supervision of these patients. Copyright © 2010 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
A single nucleotide polymorphism in STK11 influences insulin sensitivity and metformin efficacy in hyperinsulinemic girls with androgen excess; OBJECTIVE - Serine-threonine kinase STK11 catalyzes the AMP-activated protein kinase complex. We tested the hypothesis that a gene variant in STK11 contributes to variation in insulin sensitivity and metformin efficacy. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - We studied the effects of a single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) (rs8111699) in STK11 on endocrine-metabolic and body composition indexes before and after 1 year of metformin in 85 hyperinsulinemic girls with androgen excess, representing a continuum from prepuberal girls with a combined history of low birth weight and precocious pubarche over to postmenarchial girls with hyperinsulinemic ovarian hyperandrogenism. Metformin was dosed at 425 mg/day in younger girls and 850 mg/day in older girls. STK11 rs8111699 was genotyped. Endocrine-metabolic features were assessed in the fasting state; body composition was estimated by absorptiometry. RESULTS - Genotype effects were similar in younger and older girls. At baseline, the mutated G allele in STK11 rs8111699 was associated with higher insulin and IGF-I levels (both P < 0.005). The response to metformin differed by STK11 genotype: GG homozygotes (n = 24) had robust metabolic improvements, GC heterozygotes (n = 38) had intermediate responses, and CC homozygotes (n = 23) had almost no response. Such differences were found for 1-year changes in body composition, circulating insulin, IGF-I, free androgen index, and lipids (all P < 0.005). CONCLUSIONS - In hyperinsulinemic girls with androgen excess, the STK11 rs8111699 SNP influences insulin sensitivity and metformin efficacy, so that the girls with the least favorable endocrine-metabolic profile improve most with metformin therapy. © 2010 by the American Diabetes Association. ER  - 
Weight status continuity and change from adolescence to young adulthood: Examining disease and health risk conditions; This study examined weight status during adolescence and young adulthood, and young adult health condition diagnosis. Data are from 10,439 African-American, Hispanic, and white men and women participating in the National Longitudinal Study of Adolescent Health during Waves 1 (adolescence: ages 12-19) and 3 (young adulthood: ages 19-26). Categories were created differentiating individuals based on their weight status during adolescence and young adulthood: (i) obese during adolescence and young adulthood (i.e., continuously obese), (ii) obese during adolescence only, (iii) obese during young adulthood only, and (iv) never obese. Multilevel random intercept regression models were used to examine the impact of obesity category, sex, and race/ethnicity on young adult asthma, diabetes, high cholesterol, and high blood pressure. Continuous obesity increased the likelihood for young adult disease and health risk conditions compared to individuals who were never obese. Obesity isolated to adolescence (Wave 1) increased the likelihood for high cholesterol and high blood pressure, whereas obesity isolated to young adulthood (Wave 3) also increased the likelihood for diabetes-all increases were relative to nonobese weight status during both periods. Associations varied in direction and degree when sex and race/ethnicity were considered. Findings clarify some of the mixed understandings regarding the associations between age of onset and stability of obesity, and health outcomes with important public health implications. Although results indicate obesity isolated to a single developmental period does have health repercussions, obesity experienced continuously during adolescence and young adulthood greatly intensified risk across all health conditions. © 2009 The Obesity Society. ER  - 
Weight status continuity and change from adolescence to young adulthood: examining disease and health risk conditions; This study examined weight status during adolescence and young adulthood, and young adult health condition diagnosis. Data are from 10,439 African-American, Hispanic, and white men and women participating in the National Longitudinal Study of Adolescent Health during Waves 1 (adolescence: ages 12-19) and 3 (young adulthood: ages 19-26). Categories were created differentiating individuals based on their weight status during adolescence and young adulthood: (i) obese during adolescence and young adulthood (i.e., continuously obese), (ii) obese during adolescence only, (iii) obese during young adulthood only, and (iv) never obese. Multilevel random intercept regression models were used to examine the impact of obesity category, sex, and race/ethnicity on young adult asthma, diabetes, high cholesterol, and high blood pressure. Continuous obesity increased the likelihood for young adult disease and health risk conditions compared to individuals who were never obese. Obesity isolated to adolescence (Wave 1) increased the likelihood for high cholesterol and high blood pressure, whereas obesity isolated to young adulthood (Wave 3) also increased the likelihood for diabetes--all increases were relative to nonobese weight status during both periods. Associations varied in direction and degree when sex and race/ethnicity were considered. Findings clarify some of the mixed understandings regarding the associations between age of onset and stability of obesity, and health outcomes with important public health implications. Although results indicate obesity isolated to a single developmental period does have health repercussions, obesity experienced continuously during adolescence and young adulthood greatly intensified risk across all health conditions. ER  - 
High prevalence of impaired glucose tolerance and the metabolic syndrome among Swedish obese children and teenagers; Introduction: In this retrospective cohort study we investigated the prevalence of impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) and the metabolic syndrome in Swedish obese children and adolescents in relation to insulin sensitivity, insulin secretion and cardio respiratory fitness. Methods: One hundred and eighty three severely obese (97 males, 86 females, age 13.7 ± 4, BMI sds 5.8 ± 1.6) children and adolescents, consecutively referred to the Centre, performed an Oral Glucose Tolerance test, a frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test, DEXA, a bicycle ergometer test, ambulatory 24 hour BP measurement and fasting levels of glucose, insulin, C-peptide, HDL-cholesterol and triglycerides. The metabolic syndrome was defined according to the International Diabetes Federation. Glucose tolerance was diagnosed according to ADA critera. Results: Impaired glucose tolerance was detected in 15% of the children and adolescents, and the prevalence of the metabolic syndrome was 34%. All age groups ( < 10 years, 10-16, > 16) had incident cases of impaired fasting glucose (IFG), IGT and the metabolic syndrome. Silent diabetes type 2 was not found. Post pubertal males had significantly higher insulin secretion (P = 0.0001) and were more insulin resistant compared to females. C-peptide levels in children < 10 years with IFG or IGT was significantly lower compared with children with normal glucose tolerance (P = 0.024). Conclusion: The metabolic syndrome and IGT but not diabetes type aaa2 is found in children and prevalent among adolescents in this cohort. IFG and IGT are associated with insulin resistance and a higher insulin secretion, and there are gender differences in insulin sensitivity and secretion. ER  - 
Early markers of atherosclerosis in obese children: A mother-child comparison; Introduction: The aim of this study was to compare early markers of atherosclerosis and cardiovascular diseases (CVD) risk factors between pre-pubertal obese children and their mother. Methods: This was a cross-sectional study including 27 pre-pubertal obese children (age 9.6 ± 1.1 year, 51% female) and their mother (39.5 ± 4.8 year). Outcome measures included: intima-media thickness (IMT) and stiffness (incremental elastic modulus) of the right common carotid artery, and endothelial function (flow-mediated dilation - FMD) of the brachial artery using high resolution ultrasound; cardiorespiratory fitness (CRF); body mass index (BMI); abdominal fat by DXA; fasting blood lipids, glucose, insulin and HOMA-IR (homeostasis model of insulin resistance). Results: Sixty seven percent and 18% of mothers were overweight and obese, respectively. Children had higher abdominal fat and insulin resistance indexes, compared to mothers (Table 1, mean ± SD). Arterial stiffness and IMT were greater and CRF was lower in mothers than children, though IMT remained within the normal range. Interestingly, FMD was low in both groups. Blood lipids were similar. (Table presented). Conclusion: Impaired endothelial function is present in both prepubertal obese children and their mother, but central adiposity and insulin resistance indexes are even greater in children. Family behavioral therapy may be a promising approach to reduce CVD risks in this population. ER  - 
Age at Menarche and Menstrual Irregularities of Adolescents with Type 1 Diabetes; Study Objective: The aim of the study was to investigate the age at menarche and menstrual irregularities in adolescents with type 1 diabetes. Design: This was an aged-matched, controlled study. Setting: The study was done in the diabetes center of a children's hospital in Athens and in high schools in major regions of central Greece. Participants: The study involved two groups: a group of 100 female adolescents, 12 to 18 years of age, with type 1 diabetes; and a control group of 225 healthy adolescents, matched for age. Main Outcome Measures: The relationship between age at menarche and menstrual irregularities was studied. Results: The mean age at menarche differed significantly in the two groups (P = 0.000). In particular, the mean age at menarche in the study group was 12.2 years (± 1.4) and in the control group it was 11.7 years old (± 1.2). The mean age of menarche was older in the subgroup of adolescents who had received a diagnosis of diabetes before the age of 10 than it was in those diagnosed after the age of 10. Conclusions: Menarche was observed to be delayed in adolescents with type 1 diabetes who had been diagnosed before the age of 10 in comparison with those diagnosed after the age of 10. Menstrual irregularities were found to be more common in adolescents with type 1 diabetes than in healthy ones. © 2010 North American Society for Pediatric and Adolescent Gynecology. ER  - 
The spectrum of clinical paediatric endocrinology: 28 years of referrals to an individual consultant; Aim: To review referrals throughout the career of an individual paediatric endocrinologist. Methods: A retrospective cohort study in metropolitan clinics in Queensland analysed details of all 9062 patients aged <18 years referred between January 1980 and December 2007 to determine the proportion of diagnoses in major disease categories and changes in referral patterns over time. Results: Short stature (29%), type-1 diabetes mellitus (20%) and pubertal disorders (12%) accounted for most cases, with thyroid disorders (7%), obesity (6%), tall stature (5%) and hypothalamic-pituitary disorders (4%) the next commonest. An organic cause for short stature, early puberty, late puberty, tall stature and obesity was found in 39%, 32%, 19%, 15% and 6% of cases, respectively. Boys were more likely to present with short stature or delayed puberty, and girls with tall stature and early puberty. Substantially fewer boys than girls were diagnosed in infancy with congenital adrenal hyperplasia, suggesting that some may be dying undiagnosed. Comparisons between 1980 and 1984, and 2000-2004 revealed increases in the percentage of referrals for type-1 diabetes mellitus (particularly in the young), early puberty, hypothalamic-pituitary and bone disorders, and decreases in those for short and tall stature. Conclusions: Disorders of growth and puberty accounted for 52% of referrals and many have an organic cause. A neonatal screening programme for congenital adrenal hyperplasia is overdue. Changing attitudes to short and tall stature and a profound increase in new cases of diabetes mellitus indicate that substantially greater resources for treatment of childhood diabetes mellitus will be required in future. © 2010 Paediatrics and Child Health Division (Royal Australasian College of Physicians). ER  - 
Higher metabolic syndrome in obese asthmatic compared to obese nonasthmatic adolescent males; The relationship between asthma and obesity has been documented in children and adolescents; however, few studies on metabolic syndrome and asthma have been performed. Objective. To determine the prevalence of metabolic syndrome in adolescents among the following groups: obese with asthma (OA), obese without asthma (ONA), nonobese with asthma (NOA), and nonobese without asthma (NONA). Patients and Methods. The authors measured anthropometric (height, weight, waist circumference, body mass index, and waist-hip ratio), clinical (Tanner stage, blood pressure, fat and muscle reserve, and exercise), and biochemical parameters (basal and load glucose, cholesterol, triglycerides, high-density lipoproteins, uric acid, and insulin) in 500 Mexican adolescents. Results. A total of 111 OA, 198 ONA, 63 NOA, and 71 NONA adolescents completed the study. There were no differences in age, height, Tanner stage, high-density lipoproteins, or basal glucose among groups. Cholesterol, triglycerides, uric acid, basal insulin, and homeostasis model assessment (HOMA)-IR were significantly higher among the obese than nonobese groups but were similar between the OA and ONA groups. The prevalence of impaired fasting glucose was significantly higher among ONA versus OA males. The prevalence of metabolic syndrome (define as ≥3 abnormal cardiometabolic risk factors by de Ferranti, Cook, and International Diabetes Federation IDF criteria) was higher among OA teens than in the ONA group; however, this association was significant only among males. Adolescents from the ONA group were able to perform significantly more vigorous exercise than the other groups. Conclusion. Adolescent males who were obese and also had mild persistent asthma had a significantly higher prevalence of metabolic syndrome than obese males without asthma. However, overall, asthma seems to confer a protective effect against the prediabetes condition in males. Copyright © 2010 Informa Healthcare USA, Inc. ER  - 
Subclinical metabolic abnormalities associated with obesity in prepubertal Mexican schoolchildren; Childhood obesity has increased to epidemic levels and is considered a public health problem due to its association with a number of metabolic abnormalities, which are being detected at earlier stages of life. The objective was to evaluate the association between the presence of subclinical metabolic abnormalities (SMA) and obesity in a sample of pre-pubertal Mexican schoolchildren. Children of both sexes and 6 to 13 years old were questioned for signs of puberty, underwent anthropometric measurement and had their Body Mass Index (BMI) calculated. Two groups were formed: those with obesity (case group) and those with normal weight paired by age and chosen randomly (control group). Fasting insulin, glucose and cholesterol were measured. 92 children were included, 46 in each group, mean age 9.9 and 9.5 years old, respectively (p=0.97). A higher frequency of hyperinsulinism was found in the case group: Fasting insulin >15 mU/ml, 75% vs. 21% (case group vs. control group, respectively); fasting glucose to insulin ratio <6, 72% vs. 24%; HOMA IR >2.7, 83% vs. 14%; and decrease in QUICKI (<0.3), 80% vs. 19% (p=0.000). Hypercholesterolemia was 25% vs. 15% (p=0.22), impaired fasting glucose 28% vs. 8% (p=0.01), and family history of diabetes mellitus (DM) 35% vs. 9% (OR=5.6; 95%CI=1.5-22.2; p=0.002). In this sample of Mexican schoolchildren, obesity was associated to a higher frequency of SMA, such as hyperinsulinism and impaired fasting glucose, and to a family history of DM. © Freund Publishing House Ltd. ER  - 
TAC3/TACR3 mutations reveal preferential activation of gonadotropin- releasing hormone release by neurokinin B in neonatal life followed by reversal in adulthood; Context: Mutations in TAC3 and TACR3 (encoding neurokinin B and its receptor) have been identified in Turkish patients with idiopathic hypogonadotropic hypogonadism (IHH), but broader populations have not yet been tested and genotype-phenotype correlations have not been established. Objective: A broad cohort of normosmic IHH probands was screened for mutations in TAC3/TACR3 to evaluate the prevalence of such mutations and define the genotype/phenotype relationships. Design and Setting: The study consisted of sequencing of TAC3/TACR3, in vitro functional assays, and neuroendocrine phenotyping conducted in tertiary care centers worldwide. Patients or Other Participants: 345 probands, 18 family members, and 292 controls were studied. Intervention: Reproductive phenotypes throughout reproductive life and before and after therapy were examined. Main Outcome Measure: Rare sequence variants in TAC3/TACR3 were detected. Results: In TACR3, 19 probands harbored 13 distinct coding sequence rare nucleotide variants [three nonsense mutations, six nonsynonymous, four synonymous (one predicted to affect splicing)]. In TAC3, one homozygous single base pair deletion was identified, resulting in complete loss of the neurokinin B decapeptide. Phenotypic information was available on 16 males and seven females with coding sequence variants in TACR3/TAC3. Of the 16 males, 15 had microphallus; none of the females had spontaneous thelarche. Seven of the 16 males and five of the seven females were assessed after discontinuation of therapy; six of the seven males and four of the five females demonstrated evidence for reversibility of their hypogonadotropism. Conclusions: Mutations in the neurokinin B pathway are relatively common as causes of hypogonadism. Although the neurokinin B pathway appears essential during early sexual development, its importance in sustaining the integrity of the hypothalamic-pituitary-gonadal axis appears attenuated over time. Copyright © 2010 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Inflammatory markers are increased in youth with type 1 diabetes: The SEARCH case-control study; Context: Increased inflammation may contribute to type 1 diabetes (T1D) complications. Objective: The objective of the study was to investigate the association of inflammation with obesity, hyperglycemia and dyslipidemia in youth with T1D. Design: This was a cross-sectional study of youth with and without T1D. Setting: The study was conducted in Colorado and South Carolina. Patients: SEARCH Case-Control participants with T1D [n = 553, mean age 15 yr (range 10-22), median duration 2.7 yr] and without diabetes [n = 215, mean age 15 yr (range 10-22)]. Intervention: This was an observational study. Main Outcome Measures: IL-6, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP), fibrinogen, and leptin were measured. Results: Inflammatory markers were evaluated by diabetes status, quartiles of glycated hemoglobin, and obesity using multiple linear regression analyses, adjusted for age, sex, study site, race/ethnicity, T1D duration, body mass index, and pubertal status. Compared with controls, youth with T1D had higher IL-6 and fibrinogen levels at all levels of glycemia andobesity,and hsCRP levels were significantly higher in youth with T1D in the top three quartiles of glycated hemoglobin (≥7.2%) and among normal-weight subjects. Leptin was lower in youth with poor glycemic control. Higher hsCRP and fibrinogen were correlated with higher total and LDL cholesterol, and apolipoprotein B in youth with T1D, whereas higher fibrinogen was correlated with higher LDL and apolipoprotein B in controls. Conclusions: T1D is characterized by excess inflammation, independent of adiposity and glycemic control. Even T1D youth in good glycemic control had higher levels of IL-6 and fibrinogen than controls. Elevated inflammatory markers were associated with an atherogenic lipid profile, which may contribute to accelerated atherosclerosis in youth with T1D. Copyright © 2010 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Peptide YY levels across pubertal stages and associations with growth hormone; Context: Changes in appetite-regulating peptides may impact food intake during puberty and facilitate the pubertal growth spurt. Peptide YY (PYY) is an anorexigenic hormone that is high in anorexia nervosa and low in obesity, inhibits GnRH secretion, and is suppressed by GH administration. The relationship between PYY and GH has not been examined across puberty. Objectives: We hypothesized that PYY would be inversely associated with GH in adolescents and would be lowest when GH is highest. Design and Setting: We conducted a cross-sectional study at a Clinical Research Center. Subjects: We studied 87 children, 46 boys and 41 girls ages 9-17 yr at Tanner stages 1-5 of puberty (10th-90th percentiles for body mass index). Outcome Measures: We measured fasting PYY and nadir GH levels after administration of an oral glucose load. Leptin levels were also measured. Results: Fasting PYY was lowest and nadir GH highest in boys in Tanner stages 3-4 (P = 0.02) and in girls in Tanner stages 2-3 (P = 0.02). Leptin levels were highest in early pubertal boys and late pubertal girls. For the group as a whole and within genders, even after controlling for body mass index, log nadir GH correlated inversely with log PYY (P = 0.003, 0.07, and 0.02). PYY levels did not correlate with leptin levels. Conclusions: During mid-puberty, at a time when GH levels are the highest, PYY is at a nadir, and these low PYY levels may facilitate pubertal progression and growth. Copyright © 2010 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Glucose intolerance and cardiometabolic risk in adolescents exposed to maternal gestational diabetes: A 15-year follow-up study; OBJECTIVE - Adolescent offspring of women with a history of gestational diabetes (GD) were evaluated for their cardiometabolic risks at a mean age of 15 years. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - One hundred and twenty-nine adolescents who were assessed for their cardiometabolic risks at 8 years of age were reassessed at 15 years of age. RESULTS - Adolescent offspring of mothers with GD had similar blood pressure, plasma lipid profile, and a rate of abnormal glucose tolerance as control subjects. In utero hyperinsulinemia was associated with a 17-fold increase in metabolic syndrome and a 10-fold increase in overweight at adolescence, independent of birth weight, Tanner stage, maternal GD status, and mother's BMI. CONCLUSIONS - In utero environment of hyperinsulinemia, irrespective of the degree of maternal GD, was associated with increased risk of overweight and metabolic syndrome during early adolescence in the offspring. © 2010 by the American Diabetes Association. ER  - 
Impact of fatness, insulin, and gynecological age on luteinizing hormone secretory dynamics in adolescent females; Objective: To study the link between fatness and gonadotropin secretion. Overweight status is linked to polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) in adolescents. We postulated that heavier adolescents without symptoms would secrete LH with: [1] increased pulse frequency (LHPF) and [2] exaggerated integrated concentrations (LHAUC). Design: Cross-sectional. Setting: General clinical research center. Patient(s): Eighty-seven postmenarcheal cyclic adolescents from lean to overweight recruited during the follicular phase. Intervention(s): Luteinizing hormone sampling: [1] every 10 minutes/24 hours; [2] at 20-minute intervals after a GnRH challenge. Main Outcome Measure(s): The LHPF and LHAUC (calculated by the CLUSTER algorithm). Hormonal and metabolic covariates included percent body fat (PercentBF), insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I), fasting insulin, and the insulin resistance index HOMA-IR. The SAS software was used for analyses. Result(s): The PercentBF and younger gynecological age predicted faster LHPF. Fatness was negatively linked to LHAUC, which was best predicted by PercentBF and IGF-1 in multivariate modeling (R2 = 0.25). The PercentBF and insulin predicted a lower 20-minute LH response to GnRH. Conclusion(s): [1] Higher adiposity and younger gynecological age predict rapid LHPF. [2] The early years after menarche represent a vulnerable window for an exaggerated LHPF with weight gain. [3] In healthy adolescents, higher adiposity is linked to lower LHAUC, thereby preserving pituitary stores. © 2010 American Society for Reproductive Medicine. ER  - 
High normal fasting glucose level in obese youth: A marker for insulin resistance and beta cell dysregulation; Aims/hypothesis: A high but normal fasting plasma glucose level in adults is a risk factor for future development of type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease. We investigated whether normal fasting plasma glucose levels (<5.60 mmol/l) are associated with decreases in insulin sensitivity and beta cell function, as well as an adverse cardiovascular profile in obese youth. Methods: We performed a cross-sectional analysis in a multiethnic sample of 1,020 obese youth (614 girls and 406 boys; mean age 12.9 years [CI 95% 12.7-13.1], BMI z score 2.34 [CI 95% 2.31-2.38]) with normal fasting plasma glucose. All participants had a standard OGTT, with calculation of indices of insulin sensitivity and beta cell function. For the analysis, prepubertal and pubertal participants were stratified into quartiles of normal fasting plasma glucose. Results: We observed a significant increase in fasting insulin and AUC 2 h glucose across quartiles. Pronounced changes were observed in insulin sensitivity and secretion, particularly in the pubertal group. Moreover, the odds of presenting with impaired glucose tolerance increased by 4.5% with each 0.06 mmol/l increase in fasting plasma glucose. No significant differences in cardiovascular indices were seen across quartiles. Conclusions/interpretation: These data suggest that in obese youth, independent of age, BMI z score, sex, family history and ethnicity, insulin sensitivity and secretion decline when moving from low to high normal fasting plasma glucose. The simple measure of fasting plasma glucose could assist clinicians in identifying children for targeted diabetes screening and subsequent lifestyle management. © 2010 Springer-Verlag. ER  - 
Evaluation of metabolic and endocrine complications in β-Thalassemia major: Cross sectional study of 65 patients; Introduction: Blood transfusion is critical for survival in Thalassemia major. Hypertransfusion therapy increased the frequency of complications due to iron overload. The aim of this study was evaluation of endocrine disturbances in patients with thalassemia major older than 10 years old. Materials and methods: Fifty six patients with thalassemia major greater than 10 years enrolled. Patients have been examined to determine their pubertal status and standard deviation score of height for evaluation of short stature. For evaluation of glucose tolerance, fasting blood glucose and oral glucose tolerance test were performed. Evidence for diabetes mellitus was American Diabetes Association and World Health Organization criteria. Serum level of calcium, phosphorous, thyroid stimulating hormone, free thyroxin, luteinizing hormone, and follicular stimulating hormone, estradiol in girls and testosterone in boys were measured. Results: Fifty-six patients with thalassemia were evaluated (mean age15.62±4.44 years). In this study prevalence of diabetes mellitus was 5 patients (8.9%), impaired fasting glucose was 16 patients (28.6%) and impaired glucose tolerance test was 4 patients (7.1%). Short stature (SDS≤-2) was seen in 25 patients (70%) of boys and 14 patients (73%) of girls. Impaired puberty occurred in 40 patients (71%) of our patient. Hypocalcaemia and primary overt hypothyroidism were present in 23 patients (41%) and 9 patients (16%) respectively. Conclusion: Despite therapy with Desferal in the management of beta-thalassemia the risk of secondary endocrine dysfunction remains high. Hypogonadism is one of the most frequent endocrine complications. Endocrine evaluation in patients with thalassemia major must be carried out regularly. ER  - 
Sex hormone-binding globulin levels predict insulin sensitivity, disposition index and cardiovascular risk during puberty; Objective: Early puberty is associated with increased risk of subsequent cardiovascular disease. Low sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) levels are a feature of early puberty as well as conditions associated with increased cardiovascular risk. The aim of the present study was to evaluate SHBG as predictor of glucose metabolism and metabolic risk during puberty. Research design and methods: Cross-sectional study on 132 healthy Caucasian children and adolescents evaluated by oral glucose tolerance test, dual energy X-ray absorptiometry scan, direct oxygen uptake measurement during cycle ergometry and fasting blood samples. Results: SHBG levels declined with advancement of puberty in both boys (P <0.001) and girls (P=0.019). SHBG was statistically significantly positively associated with insulin sensitivity in boys (P <0.001) and girls (P <0.001). In addition, SHBG was a strong predictor of insulin sensitivity (P=0.001) and the only predictor of the disposition index (P=0.031) after adjusting for puberty, fat mass and aerobic fitness. SHBG was significantly negatively associated with metabolic risk (P=0.032) independent of fat mass as well as hypersensitive CRP levels (P=0.004) independent of fat mass and insulin sensitivity. Conclusions: SHBG was a strong predictor of insulin sensitivity and metabolic risk during puberty. Thus, we hypothesize that SHBG integrates the marked metabolic and body compositional changes that occur during pubertal transition. ER  - 
Increased intra-erythrocyte magnesium is associated with gamma-glutamyl transferase in obese children; Objective: To determine the association between markers of hepatic injury and serum, urinary, and intra-erythrocyte magnesium concentrations and dietary magnesium intake in obese children. Methods: In a case-control cross-sectional study, we studied 42 obese children and adolescents and 42 sex- and puberty-matched lean controls. Serum, urinary, and intra-erythrocyte magnesium levels, indexes of insulin sensitivity, and liver enzymes were measured. Dietary magnesium intake was assessed using a food frequency questionnaire. Results: Obese children exhibited insulin resistance as determined by a higher fasting insulin and the HOMA-IR (P <0.001) and lower QUICKI indices (P=0.001); in addition these children had significantly higher intra-erythrocyte magnesium (IEM) concentration than non-obese ones (3.99±1.05 vs 3.35±1.26 mg/dl of packed cells, P=0.015). Serum, urinary, and dietary magnesium levels were comparable between groups. Among liver enzymes only gamma-glutamyl transferase (GGT) was significantly higher in obese than in non-obese subjects (22.7±9.4 vs 17.1±7.9 U/l, P=0.002). Positive association was found between GGT and IEM in both groups; however in multivariate analysis, in obese subjects, only GGT (β=0.375; P=0.026, model R=0.38) and, in non-obese subjects, only age (β=-0.466; P=0.006, model R=0.47) remained as significant predictors of IEM. Conclusions: Increased IEM concentration was seen in insulin resistant obese children; furthermore, serum GGT was associated with IEM independently of body mass index and HOMA-IR. ER  - 
Environmental and hormonal risk factors for the development of lupus nephritis; Objectives: Nephritis is a common and serious organ involvement in patients with lupus, especially African-Americans (AA). Other than race, little is known about risk factors for development of lupus nephritis in humans. This study examined hormonal and environmental determinants of biopsy-proven lupus nephritis (LN) compared to lupus patients without nephritis. Methods: The Carolina Lupus Study (CLU) is a population-based case-control study of hormonal, environmental, and genetic risk factors for SLE in the southeastern US. An additional 100 LN patients from the CLU study area and time period comprised the nephritis CLU (CLN) inception cohort. Data collection for both cohorts was a structured 60-minute interview including female reproductive history, lifetime job history, smoking history, use of moonshine and family history of kidney disease, dialysis, hypertension and diabetes. We used logistic regression to examine the association between exposures and risk of developing LN. All analyses are limited to exposures and reproductive history before diagnosis of lupus or LN. Associations were estimated as the odds ratio (OR) and 95% confidence interval (CI), and were adjusted for age, state, race and education. Results: In 56 patients (36%), the diagnosis of LN was concurrent with the diagnosis of SLE, in 53 patients (36%) within 2 years of diagnosis, and in 47 patients (28%) more than 2 years after SLE diagnosis. Age at menarche was significantly older among CLN compared to CLU patients without nephritis. Occupational exposure to silica dust or mercury was not significantly associated with risk of LN. Likely or possible solvent exposure was associated with a significantly lower risk of nephritis; (OR=0.22, 95% CI 0.06, 0.76 in whites; OR=0.49, 95%CI 0.26, 0 in AA). There was no association with smoking history after adjusting for covariates. Reported use of moonshine was significantly higher among LN patients (OR=3.3; 95% CI 1.3, 8.6), higher among membranous compared with proliferative nephritis (17.87 95% CI 1.55-205.89). Family history of kidney disease was stronger in whites (OR 6.91 95% CI 1.68-28.36) vs AA (OR 2.3 95% CI0.95-5.61) as was family history of hypertension (OR 2.76 95% CI 1.04-7.27) vs. AA (OR 1.12 95% CI 0.59-2.15). Family history of dialysis was confined to AA (OR 3.39 95% CI 0.82-14.07). Conclusions: Our findings provide evidence of an increased risk of LN associated with later age at menarche, past use of moonshine and family history of kidney diseases. Null associations were seen for most other exposures and risk factors examined excepting use of Goody's powders among AA. ER  - 
Impact of weight gain on bone mineral content in adolescents with type 1 diabetes; Background: Lower spine and whole body bone mineral content (BMC) has been reported in adolescents with type 1 diabetes, while overweight status in adolescents without diabetes has been shown to be associated with higher BMC. It is not known if being overweight is protective for the bones of adolescents with type 1 diabetes. The following is a cross sectional study examining the influence of weight status on BMC in overweight and normal weight adolescents with type 1 diabetes. Methods: A total of 31 adolescents with type 1 diabetes (HbA1c range 6.5% to 10.7% with a mean of 8.5%) participated in the study. All were Tanner stage 3 or above. 16 were overweight (mean BMI = 28.3 ± 3.6) and 15 were normal weight (mean BMI = 20.6 ± 2.0). All adolescents underwent a whole body DXA scan (Hologic QDR 4500, Waltham, MA). Additionally 21 wore a step activity monitor and 18 completed a detailed 4-day food recall. Results: Adolescents with type 1 diabetes who were overweight had higher total BMC and subtotal BMC than adolescents with type 1 diabetes who were normal weight, though this difference did not reach statistical significance (p=0.0692 and 0.0594 respectively). As expected, both total BMC and subtotal BMC correlated significantly with age (r=0.55, p=0.0014 and r=0.50, p=0.0038 respectively). BMC measures (both total and subtotal) did not significantly correlate with any other variables, including physical activity measures (total steps/day, sedentary time/day) or vitamin D and calcium intake. Conclusion: Overweight adolescents with type 1 diabetes had higher total and subtotal BMC values compared to normal weight adolescents with type 1 diabetes, indicating a similar relationship of BMC to overweight and normal weight status as that reported in non-diabetic adolescents. These observations pertain to adolescents with relatively well-controlled type 1 diabetes; whether they can be generalized more broadly to all diabetic patients regardless of glycemic control remains to be demonstrated. ER  - 
The prevalence of metabolic syndrome in adolescents with varying degrees of body weight: Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study (TLGS); Introduction: The metabolic syndrome is a constellation of risk factors that increase the incidence of cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes mellitus. The prevalence of obesity and metabolic syndrome in adolescents is escalating worldwide. Understanding the rising prevalence of this syndrome could help decrease the occurrence of fatal cardiovascular and diabetic complications. The present study was carried out to determine the prevalence of metabolic syndrome in adolescents with varying degrees of obesity, in order to conduct and implement, timely screening and interventions. Materials and Methods: In a cross-sectional study conducted within the framework of the Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study (TLGS), phase 3, 1523 adolescents, 708 boys and 815 girls 10-19 years of age, were investigated. The prevalence of metabolic syndrome, based on modified definitions for ATP III, AHA, NHASES III and IDF, was determined in varing degrees of body weight (normal, at risk of overweight, moderate and severe overweight); and compared in different sex, age groups, menarche status and familial history of diabetes mellitus. Data was analyzed using the and Mann-Whitney tests and multiple logistic regression. Results: Overall, 15 percent of adolescents were at risk of overweight, 4.2 percent had moderate overweight and 4.6 percent were severely overweight, with no significant difference between the two sex groups (P=0.381). Overall, the prevalence of metabolic syndrome, based on definitions for ATP III, AHA, NHANES III and IDF, was 9.5, 5.1, 17.8 and 5.8 percent, respectively, which was significantly higher in boys than in girls. Based on the 4 defintions, the prevalence of metabolic syndrome in the normal weight group was 2.2, 0.9, 8.6, 0.8 percent respectively, in the at risk of overweight group it was 21.5, 11, 36.4 and 11 percent, in moderate overweight group it was 42.2, 23.4, 64.1 and 32.8 percent, and in the severe overweight group it was 62.9, 38.6, 67.1 and 47.1 percent, respectively (P<0.001). The prevalence of each metabolic risk factor and the number of these factors was higher in overweight adolescents. Only by the IDF definition, the prevalence of metabolic syndrome was significantly higher after-menarche than before it (P=0.04). All definitions showed the higher prevalence of metabolic syndrome in positive familial history of diabetes mellitus (P<0.001). Conclusion: This study showed a high prevalence of overweight, obesity and metabolic syndrome in Tehranian adolescents, with significantly higher prevalence of metabolic syndrome in more obese adolescents. Metabolic syndrome was more prevalent, in boys, thosepersons with positive familial history of diabetes mellitus and in after-menarche aged girls,which data can be put to use in lifestyle modification programs. ER  - 
Genotypes and haplotypes in the insulin-like growth factors, their receptors and binding proteins in relation to plasma metabolic levels and mammographic density; Background: Increased mammographic density is one of the strongest independent risk factors for breast cancer. It is believed that one third of breast cancers are derived from breasts with more than 50% density. Mammographic density is affected by age, BMI, parity, and genetic predisposition. It is also greatly influenced by hormonal and growth factor changes in a woman's life cycle, spanning from puberty through adult to menopause. Genetic variations in genes coding for hormones and growth factors involved in development of the breast are therefore of great interest. The associations between genetic polymorphisms in genes from the IGF pathway on mammographic density and circulating levels of IGF1, its binding protein IGFBP3, and their ratio in postmenopausal women are reported here. Methods. Samples from 964 postmenopausal Norwegian women aged 55-71 years were collected as a part of the Tromsø Mammography and Breast Cancer Study. All samples were genotyped for 25 SNPs in IGF1, IGF2, IGF1R, IGF2R, IGFALS and IGFBP3 using Taqman (ABI). The main statistical analyses were conducted with the PROC HAPLOTYPE procedure within SAS/GENETICS (SAS 9.1.3). Results. The haplotype analysis revealed six haploblocks within the studied genes. Of those, four had significant associations with circulating levels of IGF1 or IGFBP3 and/or mammographic density. One haplotype variant in the IGF1 gene was found to be associated with mammographic density. Within the IGF2 gene one haplotype variant was associated with levels of both IGF1 and IGFBP3. Two haplotype variants in the IGF2R were associated with the level of IGF1. Both variants of the IGFBP3 haplotype were associated with the IGFBP3 level and indicate regulation in cis. Conclusion. Polymorphisms within the IGF1 gene and related genes were associated with plasma levels of IGF1, IGFBP3 and mammographic density in this study of postmenopausal women. © 2010 Biong et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Distinct Variants at LIN28B Influence Growth in Height from Birth to Adulthood; We have studied the largely unknown genetic underpinnings of height growth by using a unique resource of longitudinal childhood height data available in Finnish population cohorts. After applying GWAS mapping of potential genes influencing pubertal height growth followed by further characterization of the genetic effects on complete postnatal growth trajectories, we have identified strong association between variants near LIN28B and pubertal growth (rs7759938; female p = 4.0 × 10-9, male p = 1.5 × 10-4, combined p = 5.0 × 10-11, n = 5038). Analysis of growth during early puberty confirmed an effect on the timing of the growth spurt. Correlated SNPs have previously been implicated as influencing both adult stature and age at menarche, the same alleles associating with taller height and later age of menarche in other studies as with later pubertal growth here. Additionally, a partially correlated LIN28B SNP, rs314277, has been associated previously with final height. Testing both rs7759938 and rs314277 (pairwise r2 = 0.29) for independent effects on postnatal growth in 8903 subjects indicated that the pubertal timing-associated marker rs7759938 affects prepubertal growth in females (p = 7 × 10-5) and final height in males (p = 5 × 10-4), whereas rs314277 has sex-specific effects on growth (p for interaction = 0.005) that were distinct from those observed at rs7759938. In conclusion, partially correlated variants at LIN28B tag distinctive, complex, and sex-specific height-growth-regulating effects, influencing the entire period of postnatal growth. These findings imply a critical role for LIN28B in the regulation of human growth. © 2010 The American Society of Human Genetics. ER  - 
Preteen insulin levels interact with caloric intake to predict increases in obesity at ages 18 to 19 years: a 10-year prospective study of black and white girls; We evaluated the associations of teenage insulin and adolescent diet with 10-year weight gain in an analysis sample of black and white girls matched for pubertal stage, body mass index (BMI) (or fat mass), and insulin at ages 9 to 10 years. We hypothesized that preteen insulin and insulin resistance would interact with dietary factors to positively predict increases in BMI. Furthermore, we hypothesized that increased insulin and insulin resistance, interacting with higher caloric intake during adolescence, would lead to greater increments in BMI in black girls than in white girls. Prospective 10-year follow-up was performed on 215 pairs of black and white schoolgirls matched at baseline by BMI (or fat mass), insulin, and pubertal stage, with repeated measures of body habitus, insulin, and dietary intake. When matched for BMI, black girls had higher fat-free mass and white girls had higher fat mass at ages 9 to 10 years. Black-white differences in caloric intake were not significant at ages 9 to 10 years, but black girls consumed more calories at age 19 years. Black girls consumed a greater percentage of calories from fat throughout. At age 19 years, black girls had higher BMI, fat mass index, and insulin. When matched at ages 9 to 10 years for fat mass, black girls were heavier, had higher BMI, and had greater fat-free mass. By ages 18 to 19 years, black girls continued to have higher BMI, but had accrued higher fat mass and a higher percentage of body fat. By stepwise multiple regression, 10-year increases in BMI were predicted by ages 9 to 10 years BMI, 10-year change in insulin, and a 3-way interaction between ages 9 to 10 years insulin, adolescent caloric intake, and race (higher in black girls) (all Ps < .0001). Insulin at ages 9 to 10 years interacts with caloric intake to increase BMI by age 19 years. There appear to be intrinsic black-white metabolic differences that lead to greater gains in fat during adolescence in black girls. Evaluating BMI and insulin at ages 9 to 10 years could identify girls (particularly black) who would optimally benefit from dietary and exercise interventions to avoid obesity. © 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Parity and risk of hemorrhagic strokes; Objectives: The association between parity and risk of hemorrhagic stroke (HS) remains to be clarified. This study assessed the association of parity with the overall risk of HS and compared its contribution to intracerebral hemorrhage (ICH) and subarachnoid hemorrhage (SAH). Methods: We used a database from a nationwide multicenter case-control study, in which 471 female cases with incident HS were matched at 1:2 with 942 community or hospital controls. A total of 459 HS cases and 918 controls with information on parity were included. Parity was categorized as 0-1, 2, 3, and ≥4. Adjusted odds ratios (ORs) and their 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated by conditional logistic regression. As potential confounders, age, history of hypertension, history of diabetes, family history of stroke, smoking status, alcohol consumption, educational status, age at menarche, and use of oral contraceptives were included in the models. Results: Compared with nullipara and unipara, women with parity of 2, 3, and ≥4 had significantly higher risk for total HS, ICH, and SAH, respectively. Each additional parity increased the ORs of HS (adjusted OR for total HS = 1.27 [95% CI 1.14-1.41]; adjusted OR for SAH = 1.34 [95% CI 1.13-1.58]; adjusted OR for ICH = 1.27 [95% CI 1.08-1.48]). Likelihood ratio test for trends showed a significantly increased risk with increasing parity for total HS and for both types of HS (ptrend < 0.05 in all analyses). Conclusions: Increased number of childbirths may be related to an increased risk of both intracerebral hemorrhage and subarachnoid hemorrhage. Copyright © 2010 by AAN Enterprises, Inc. ER  - 
Establishing abdominal height cut-offs and their association with conventional indices of obesity among Arab children and adolescents; Background and Objectives: Obesity, particularly childhood obesity is common in the Middle East, but no studies have examined the relationship of sagittal abdominal diameter (SAD) or abdominal height to conventional markers of obesity in this region. This is the first study to document the association of SAD with measures of obesity among Arab children and adolescents. Methods: Nine hundred sixty-four Saudi children aged 5-17 years (365 prepubertal, including 146 boys and 219 girls; 249 pubertal, including 125 boys and 124 girls; and 350 postpubertal, including 198 boys and 152 girls) were included in this cross-sectional study. Results: SAD was significantly correlated with indices of obesity regardless of gender, but was strongest among pubertal boys. The cut-off values were as follows: for prepubertal children, 14 cm (equivalent to 50th percentile among girls and 60th percentile among boys); for pubertal children, 15 cm for girls (30th percentile) and 16 cm for boys (50th percentile), and for postpubertal, 21.5 cm for girls (70th percentile) and 22 cm for boys (80th percentile). Conclusion: SAD is a reliable indicator of visceral obesity among Arab children and adolescents in particular. Prospective studies should be done to determine whether such an association translates to a promising risk factor for hard endpoints such as diabetes mellitus and coronary heart disease. ER  - 
Moderate deterioration in glucose tolerance during high-dose growth hormone therapy in glucocorticoid-treated patients with juvenile idiopathic arthritis; Objectives: To describe glucose metabolism changes during growth hormone (GH) treatment in juvenile idiopathic arthritis (JIA). Study Design: Observational study in 58 children on glucocorticoid therapy (GC) for JIA, of whom 28 received late GH therapy (7.3 ± 3.4 years into GC), 15 early GH therapy (1.2 ± 0.1 years into GC), and 15 no GH therapy. The GH dose was 0.46 mg/kg/week. Oral glucose tolerance testing with insulin and glycosylated hemoglobin assays were performed yearly. Nonparametric tests were used to compare groups after 3 years and regression analyses to estimate factors predicting glucose AUC and HOMA-IR at baseline and after 3 years. Results: GH combined with GC was associated with an increase in mean fasting insulinemia. Late GH therapy patients exhibited significant increases over time in mean fasting glycemia (p = 0.01), mean 2-hour postglucose load glycemia (p < 0.05), mean AUC for glucose (p < 0.05), and mean HOMA-IR (p < 0.05). Impaired glucose tolerance was found in 16/43 GH-treated patients (37%) and transient diabetes in 2 (5%) patients. Conclusions: GH treatment in JIA children decreased insulin sensitivity but had only modest effects on glucose tolerance. Close monitoring by oral glucose tolerance testing is crucial before and during GH treatment, particularly during puberty and relapses. Copyright © 2010 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Hyperinsulinism assessment in a sample of prepubescent children; Objectives: To determine the relationship between body mass index (BMI), homeostasis model assessment - insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and insulinemia. Methods: This was a prospective cross-sectional observational study of 132 prepubescent schoolchildren residents in the municipality of Santo André, Brazil. Children underwent anthropometric assessment, their glycemia and insulinemia were measured and their HOMA-IR index calculated. Results: Seventy-eight of the 132 children (59.1%) were girls and 54 were boys (40.9%), with a mean age of 8.7 years and mean BMI of 13.7 kg/m2. A significant positive association was detected between HOMA-IR and BMI, insulin and BMI, weight and HOMA and between insulin and weight. It was also found that the higher the BMI, the greater the HOMA score. Conclusions: The results of this study allow for the conclusion that there is a strong association between hyperinsulinism and obesity. Measures should be taken to avoid weight gain during childhood and adolescence. Copyright © 2010 by Sociedade Brasileira de Pediatria. ER  - 
Mutations of the KISS1 gene in disorders of puberty; Context: Kisspeptin, encoded by the KISS1 gene, is a key stimulatory factor of GnRH secretion and puberty onset. Inactivating mutations of its receptor (KISS1R) cause isolated hypogonadotropic hypogonadism (IHH). A unique KISS1R-activating mutation was described in central precocious puberty (CPP). Objective: Our objective was to investigate KISS1 mutations in patients with idiopathic CPP and normosmic IHH. Patients: Eighty-three children with CPP (77 girls) and 61 patients with IHH (40 men) were studied. The control group consisted of 200 individuals with normal pubertal development. Methods: The promoter region and the three exons of KISS1 were amplified and sequenced. Cells expressing KISS1R were stimulated with synthetic human wild-type or mutant kisspeptin-54 (kp54), and inositol phosphate accumulation was measured. In a second set of experiments, kp54 was preincubated in human serum before stimulation of the cells. Results: Two novel KISS1 missense mutations, p.P74S and p.H90D, were identified in three unrelated children with idiopathic CPP. Both mutations were absent in 400 control alleles. The p.P74S mutation was identified in the heterozygous state in a boy who developed CPP at 1 yr of age. The p.H90D mutation was identified in the homozygous state in two unrelated girls with CPP. In vitro studies revealed that the capacity of the P74S and H90D mutants to stimulate IP production was similar to the wild type. After preincubation of wild-type and mutant kp54 in human serum, the capacity to stimulate signal transduction was significantly greater for P74S compared with the wild type, suggesting that the p.P74S variant is more stable. Only polymorphisms were found in the IHH group. Conclusion:Two KISS1 mutations were identified in unrelated patients with idiopathic CPP. The p.P74S variant was associated with higher kisspeptin resistance to degradation in comparison with the wild type, suggesting a role for this mutation in the precocious puberty phenotype. Copyright © 2010 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Reproductive hormones and hypothalamic-pituitary-ovarian axis in female patients with homozygous β-thalassemia major; Introduction: Homozygous β-thalassemia major (hβ-TM) is an autosomal recessive hemoglobinopathy with prominent endocrine complications. Our aims were to evaluate reproductive hormones, hypothalamic-pituitary-ovarian axis, and fertility in female patients with hβ-TM. Patients and Methods: One hundred forty-four female patients with hβ-TM, aged 18 years or above were enrolled in the study. Seventy-four age-matched healthy female volunteers served as controls. Two blood samples were drawn from each subject at 20-minute intervals for the determination of the resting levels of the following hormones: luteinizing hormone, follicle-stimulating hormone, estradiol, insulin-like growth factor-1, and insulin-like growth factor binding protein-3. The hypothalamic-pituitary-ovarian axis was also assessed using the gonadotropin-releasing hormone test. Menstruation status and growth rate were also noted. Puberty was assessed in both groups by Tanner classification. Results: The mean age of puberty in the control group and β-TM patients was 10.8 ±1.2 and 16.4 ± 2.2 years, respectively (P = 0.01). The mean age of menarche was 11.4 ± 1.3 and 16.8 ±2.1 years in control subjects and patients with thalassemia, respectively (P = 0.01). Of studied subjects with hβ-TM, 61 (42.4%) were short in stature (height below the third percentile and below-2 SD scores). The baseline and peak levels of luteinizing hormone, follicle-stimulating hormone, and estradiol after gonadotropin-releasing hormone test in thalassemic group were significantly lower than in the control group. Conclusions: Further interventional studies are warranted to better clarify the treatment options to attain normal puberty and sexual maturation in patients with thalassemia. Copyright © 2010 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Habitual moderate-to-vigorous physical activity is inversely associated with insulin resistance in Canadian first nations youth.; The aim of this study was to explore the relationship between insulin resistance (IR) and objectively measured habitual moderate-to-vigorous physical activity (MVPA) in First Nations youth. A cross-sectional study was conducted in 2 rural villages in northern British Columbia, Canada. Thirty-nine healthy youth (16 males and 23 females; age = 11.8 yrs +/- 2.2; range = 8.8-18.5 yrs) participated. PA was measured with ActiGraph GT1M accelerometers. The homeostasis model assessment estimate of IR (HOMA-IR) was used to define IR. Duration of MVPA was inversely related to HOMA-IR (r = -.44, p < .01). From the regression model, 30 min of habitual MVPA corresponded to HOMA-IR levels that were 15% lower. In conclusion, these findings suggest that active First Nations youth have lower HOMA-IR values. ER  - 
Sex differences in IGF-1 Z scores may contribute to sex differences in growth impairment in pediatric patients with Crohn's disease (CD); Background: Growth impairment is more common in males (M) than females (F) with CD, for unknown reasons. Insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) is required to achieve maximal growth potential. We compared IGF-1 Z scores by sex, hypothesizing IGF-1 Z scores are lower in M. Methods: Cross-sectional study of CD pts <21 yrs consecutively enrolled between 1/07 & 7/09. We used linear regression to examine sex differences in hormone Z scores. We compared estradiol & follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) Z scores in F to testosterone & luteinizing hormone (LH) Z scores in M. Since growth plates close at age 15 yrs in F & 17 yrs in M, F >15 yrs & M >17 yrs were excluded from analyses using Z scores based on bone age (BA). Results: 82 patients (43% F; mean age=15.3, range: 4.8-20.7 yrs) participated. IGF-1 Z scores were 0.5 units (95% CI= 0.02-0.99; p=.04) lower in M. Tanner Stage (TS; p=.46), BMI Z scores (p=.73), ESR (p=.96) & CRP (p=.17) were similar in M & F, & did not explain sex differences in IGF-1 Z scores. Estradiol z scores in F did not differ from testosterone Z scores in M (p=.98), & were both associated with higher IGF-1 Z scores (0.17 units per unit increase in sex hormone Z score, 95% CI= 0.05-0.28; p=.006), but did not explain a substantial proportion of the sex difference in IGF-1 Z scores (1.3%). In analyses of Z scores based on BA for F ≤15 & M ≤17 yrs (N=49; 35% F), mean BA was 12.2 (95% CI=11.3-13.0) yrs & significantly lower (p<.0001) than chronological age (CA) (13.1, 95% CI= 12.3 - 13.8 yrs), but there was no sex difference in bone age delay (p=.65). IGF-1 Z scores were 1.2 units lower in M (95% CI= -2.03 to -0.45; p=.003). Relationships among sex, IGF-1 Z scores, ESR/CRP, & BMI were similar in these analyses. Estradiol Z scores in F did not differ from testosterone Z scores in M (p=.19), were both associated with higher IGF-1 Z scores (0.18 units per unit increase in sex hormone Z score, 95% CI= 0.05-0.31; p=.01), & explained 16% of the sex difference in IGF-1 Z scores based on BA. Based on CA, LH Z scores in M did not differ from FSH Z scores in F (p=.39). Based on BA, LH Z scores in M differed from FSH Z scores in F at TS 1 (-2.2, p=.01), TS 2 (-1.0, p=.06) & TS 5 (2.7, p=.05). Conclusions: Lower IGF-1 Z scores in M may explain the sex difference in growth impairment in CD. Estradiol Z scores in F & testosterone Z scores in M explained a small proportion of the sex difference in IGF-1 Z scores based on BA, not CA. LH Z scores in M differed from FSH Z scores in F based on BA, not CA. Prospective longitudinal studies, accounting for BA, are needed to further elucidate etiologies of sex differences in growth impairment in CD. ER  - 
Novel systematics of nomenclature and classification of female functional androgenization (including polycystic ovary syndrome and non-classic congenital adrenal hyperplasia); Objective: A novel nomenclature as well as a comprehensive, clearly defined classification of functional androgenization (FA) from puberty well into postmenopause have been developed. Data are presented indicating the applicability of this algorithm. Design: Retrospective case-control study involving FA-patients, and controls (C). Methods: FA-patients were classified into five groups, functional cutaneous androgenization (FCA: skin) as well as functional androgenizing syndrome (FAS) I (ovary), II (adrenal), III (multi-organ-disorder with FA, obesity, hyperinsulinaemia) and IV (residual FA dysfunctions) using group-specific variable clusters. They are set up by primary (classifying) variables such as cutaneous androgenetic symptoms (acne vulgaris, hirsutism, androgenetic alopecia), body mass index (BMI), testosterone, free androgen index (FAI), polyfollicular ovaries (PFOs), and 1-h-insulin (after oral glucose loading). Groups FCA and FAS I-III were sub-classified through classic full-blown ("a") and non-classic, minimum standard core/miscellaneous clusters ("b"). Variables were allocated as integral part of different clusters (e.g. enhanced BMI: in FCAb, FAS IIb, FAS IIIa/b, and FAS IV). Patients' complete characterization was achieved additionally by using secondary (facultative) variables, e.g. triglycerid levels. Results: The FA-groups included 6, 33, 10, 59, and 18 subjects. All FCA-patients presented cutaneous androgenetic symptoms, PFOs were visualized in all FAS I and III patients. Group FAS Ia showed highest LH levels, and testosterone was higher in FAS I vs. FCA, FAS II, FAS IV and C. Levels of DHEAS were found to be highest in group FAS II. BMI and triglycerids were higher in FAS III vs. FCA, FAS I, FAS II, and C, and one-hr-insulin in FAS III was higher vs. FCA, FAS I, and C. In FAS IV covering the residual FA-patients, several obese, hyperinsulinaemic individuals were classified who showed an increased FAI without the presence of PFOs. Significant P-values were found to be between < 0.05 and < 0.0001. Conclusion: An essential paradigm shift in the diagnosis of androgenized females was presented using an exactly predefined classification of a manageable number of distinguishable FA-entities. An exactly repeatable diagnostic stratification is essential in order to guide customized treatment options by identifying patients' individual dysfunctions and disorders and by improving their risk assessment. Such an approach may also improve the scientific methodology of clinical studies. ER  - 
Carbohydrate intake and cardiometabolic risk factors in high BMI African American children; The aim of this study was to evaluate the relationship between intakes of subgroups of energy-providing carbohydrate, and markers of cardiometabolic risk factors in high BMI African American (AA) children. A cross sectional analysis was performed on data from a sample of 9-11 year old children (n = 95) with BMI greater than the 85th percentile. Fasting hematological and biochemical values for selected markers of cardiometabolic risk factors were related to intakes of carbohydrates and sugars. After adjusting for gender, pubertal stage and waist circumference, multivariate regression analysis showed that higher intakes of carbohydrate (with fat and protein held constant) were associated with higher plasma concentrations of triglycerides (TG), VLDL-C, IDL-C, and worse insulin resistance (homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance, HOMA-IR). After dividing carbohydrate into non-sugar versus sugar fractions, sugars were significantly related to higher TG, VLDL-C, IDL-C, lower adipocyte fatty acid insulin sensitivity (ISI-FFA), and was closely associated with increased HOMA-IR. Similar trends were observed for sugars classified as added sugars, and for sugars included in beverages. Further dividing sugar according to the food group from which it was consumed showed that consuming more sugar from the candy/soda food group was highly significantly associated with increased TG, VLDL-C, IDL-C and closely associated with increased HOMA-IR. Sugars consumed in all fruit-containing foods were significantly associated with lower ISI-FFA. Sugars consumed as fruit beverages was significantly associated with VLDL-C, IDL-C and ISI-FFA whereas sugars consumed as fresh, dried and preserved fruits did not show significant associations with these markers. Sugars consumed from in all dairy foods were significantly associated with higher TG, VLDL-C and IDL-C, and with significantly lower HDL-C and ISI-FFA. These effects were associated with sugars consumed in sweetened dairy products, but not with sugars consumed in unsweetened dairy products. This analysis suggests that increases in carbohydrate energy, especially in the form of sugar, may be detrimental to cardiometabolic health in high BMI children. © 2010 Sharma et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Comparison of various maternal anthropometric indices of obesity for identifying metabolic syndrome in offspring; Background: Several maternal anthropometric markers have been associated with the metabolic syndrome (MS) in offspring. The objectives of this study were (1) to determine the association between children's MS and maternal anthropometric markers such as body mass index (BMI), waist circumference (WC), WC/height, weight/sitting height squared, and WC/sitting height and (2) to compare the abilities of these five indices to identify children with MS. Methods: Data were collected cross-sectionally from five elementary schools between April 2007 and March 2008. BMI, WC, WC/height, weight/sitting height squared, and WC/sitting height were acquired in mothers and their children. Tanner stage, blood pressure, glucose, lipids, and insulin were measured in children. Criteria analogous to Adult Treatment Panel III for MS were used for children. Results: Of 624 children (307 boys) 8.96±1.86 years old, with their mothers being 36.25±7.14 years old, examined, 107 (17.1%) of children were obese (BMI >95th percentile per Centers for Disease Control and Prevention norms), and 95 (15.2%) were overweight (OW) (85 th percentile ≤BMI<95th percentile). Of the mothers, 109 (30.4%) were obese (BMI>30kg/m2), and 206 (33.0%) were OW (25kg/m2<BMI<30kg/m2). Approximately 68% of the children were prepubertal. The prevalence of MS was 3.5% overall: 6.7% in OW and 13.9% in obese children. To determine which marker was a better predictor for MS, a receiver operating characteristics (ROC) curve was generated for the five maternal anthropometric measures, with children's MS as the dichotomous variable. The areas under the ROC curves were 0.697±0.07 for BMI, 0.698±0.07 for WC, 0.717±0.07 for WC/height, 0.725±0.07 for WC/sitting height, and 0.704±0.07 for weight/sitting height squared. There was no significant difference between the areas of the five maternal anthropometric markers as predictors of children's MS. Conclusions: Measurement of maternal sitting height had no advantages over total height in the prediction of children's MS. All maternal anthropometric measures identified the MS in their children consistent with known familial associations of obesity and type 2 diabetes. © Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. ER  - 
Assessment of bone mineral density and risk factors in children completing treatment for acute lymphoblastic leukemia; Background: Reduced bone mineral density and increased fracture risk have been reported in children with cancer. In this study, we aimed to determine the growth and bone mineral density (BMD) of the children off chemotherapy for acute lymphoblastic leukemia, and the probable risk factors. Procedure: The age, anthropometric measurements, lumbar spine BMDs were recorded in 70 children. The risk factors on BMD; daily calcium intake, the time interval from the completion of the chemotherapy, cranial radiotherapy, cumulative steroid dose, decrease in physical activity were investigated. Serum calcium, phosphate, alkaline phosphates, magnesium, insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) and 25 (OH) vitamin D levels were determined. Results: The mean height percentile at the time of diagnosis was decreased from the value of 53 to a value of 47 at the beginning of the study (P=0.071). Of them; 44% had osteoporosis, 41% had osteopenia, and the rest had normal BMD. BMD z-scores were decreased during the first 2 years from the completion of the treatment. There was a positive correlation between BMD z-scores and daily calcium intake (CC=0.366, P=0.0015). A negative correlation was determined between the time spent on TV and computers and BMD z-scores (CC=-0.464, P=0.0019). Serum IGF-1 and 25 (OH) vitamin D levels of patients were significantly lower than controls (P=0.033). Conclusions: Our data revealed that 85% of the survivors had bone mineralization defect. BMDs and z scores were decreased during the first 2 years from the completion of the treatment and then gradually began to increase. The most important risk factor for decreased BMD was low daily calcium intake. Therefore, patients and their families should be encouraged to take sufficient amount of calcium. Prophylactic vitamin D may also be supplemented. Copyright © 2010 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Reduced arterial compliance associated with metabolic syndrome in Chinese children and adolescents; Objective To explore the metabolic syndrome and its association with arterial compliance in Chinese children and adolescents. Methods 337 participants aged 6 to 18 years with males accounted for 55.8% were grouped according to their traits of metablic syndrome. Anthropometry, blood pressure, fasting plasma glucose, insulin and serum lipid profile were measured. Homeostasis model was assessed and insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) index was measured and calculated for estimating individual insulin resistance. Arterial compliance was also measured using digital pulse wave analyzing method (Micro medical, London), and stiffness index was calculated. Results The stiffness index in participants with metablic syndrome was significant higher than that in participants with no riskof metablic syndrome [(7.69±1.63) vs (6.25±0.86) m/s, P<0.01] and stiffness index and HOMA-IR were progressively increased with the increase of traits of metablic syndrom (P for linear trend <0.001). After gender, age, and pubertal development were adjusted, both traits of metablic syndrome and HOMA-IR were correlated positively with stiffness index (both P<0.05). Conclusion The clustering of metablic syndrome was closely associated with risk at increased arterial stiffness in Chinese children and adolescents. It was suggested that arterial compliance assessment of children and adolescents might be an important measure for prevention of cardiovascular diseases. Copyright © 2010 by China CDC. ER  - 
Type 2 diabetes in the pediatric population: Are we meeting ADA clinical guidelines in Ohio?; Several studies have demonstrated the importance of achieving the American Diabetes Association (ADA) clinical guidelines in adults. However, research is limited on adherence to these guidelines in the pediatric population. This retrospective chart review examined 56 charts from 6 physician offices and 1 multispecialty health care system in Ohio. Variables of interest included recommendations from the 2007 ADA Standards of Medical Care in Diabetes. HgA1c was measured every 3 months in 44.6% of patients, while 55% achieved A1c goal. Blood pressure was monitored in all patients, with 57% meeting goal. Lipids and urine microalbumin were tested annually in 51.7% and 26.7% of patients, respectively. Dilated eye and foot exams were performed on 53.5% and 37.5% of patients, respectively. Adherence to ADA clinical guidelines for pediatric patients with type 2 diabetes is suboptimal. The authors recommend that specific evidence-based guidelines be evaluated for children with type 2 diabetes. © The Author(s) 2010. ER  - 
Retinol-binding protein 4 levels in obese children and adolescents with glucose intolerance; Background: Retinol-binding protein 4 (RBP4) is known to be involved in obesity-associated insulin resistance. Aims: To study the relationships between the degree of adiposity, insulin resistance indices, plasma lipids, inflammatory parameters, glucose intolerance (GI) status and plasma RBP4 levels in obese children and adolescents. Patients and Methods: Prospective study comprising 199 obese patients (95 boys) aged 8-16 years (11.8 ± 1.9). Fifty-three subjects (23 boys) of similar mean age, 11.3 ± 2.1 years, served as controls. BMI, waist and hip circumferences, plasma lipids, and inflammatory parameters were measured and patients underwent an oral glucose tolerance test. Plasma RBP4 levels were determined by nephelometry. Results: Plasma RBP4 levels (pg/ml) in obese patients with GI (n = 15) were higher (45.0 ± 14.1) compared with those of obese patients without GI (35.9 ± 11.7, p = 0.02; n = 184) and controls (31.5 ± 12.3, p = 0.04) in a generalized linear model adjusted for age, sex, BMI and pubertal status. A negative correlation was found between the skeletal muscle insulin resistance index and RBP4; positive correlations were found between the RBP4 and BMI Z-score (r = 0.213, p < 0.001), waist circumferences (r = 0.135, p < 0.05), plasma triglycerides (r = 0.187, p = 0.005) and apolipoprotein B (0.187, p = 0.007). Conclusions: Our results suggest a direct relationship between circulating insulin and RBP4 levels, which indicates that this protein might contribute to the development of muscle insulin resistance. © 2010 S. Karger AG. ER  - 
Cardiovascular and metabolic risk profile and acylation-stimulating protein levels in children with Prader-Willi syndrome and effects of growth hormone treatment; Context: Reports on the cardiovascular and metabolic risk profile in children with Prader-Willi syndrome (PWS) and the effects of GH treatment are scarce. Acylation-stimulating protein (ASP) stimulates glucose uptake and triglyceride storage in adipose tissue. Objectives: The aim was to study the metabolic and cardiovascular risk profile and ASP levels and to investigate the effects of GH treatment. Design: We conducted a randomized controlled GH trial. Infants and prepubertal children were assigned to receive GH (1 mg/m 2·d) or to serve as controls for 12 and 24 months, respectively. Patients: Eighty-five children with PWS (mean ± SD age of 4.9 ± 3.0 yr) participated in the study. Main Outcome Measures: We measured fat percentage (fat%) with dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry, blood pressure, fasting insulin and glucose levels, serum lipids, and ASP levels. Results: Mean ± SD fat% was 28.4 ± 6.2 in infants and 36.9 ± 8.5 in prepubertal children. Fat% SD score (SDS) was above 2 SDS in 95% of prepubertal children. In addition, 63% of infants and 73% of prepubertal children demonstrated at least one cardiovascular risk factor, defined as hypertension or dyslipidemia. The metabolic syndrome was demonstrated in 5% of all children. Mean ± SD baseline ASP was 107 ± 45 nmol/liter (normal < 58 nmol/liter) and correlated with fat mass and TG levels. GH improved fat%SDS and the HDLc/LDLc ratio (P < 0.0001 and P = 0.04). GH had no effect on mean ASP levels in this population. Conclusions: Many children with PWS had dyslipidemia and high ASP levels. GH improved fat% and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol/low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, but not ASP. High ASP levels may prevent complete normalization of fat%SDS during GH treatment but may contribute in keeping glucose and insulin levels within normal range. Copyright © 2010 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Association of osteoprotegerin and rankl levels with insulin resistance in pubertal obese children; Osteoprotegerin (OPG)/"receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa B-ligand" (RANKL) system has an important role in the remodeling of bone through regulation of osteoclastogenesis. We aimed to detect OPG and RANKL levels, particularly in obese children in the pubertal period and to investigate whether these parameters correlate with insulin resistance in childhood. Our study included 66 obese children ranging in age from 9.1 to 16 years, and 22 non-obese children ranging in age from 10.5 to 16 years. Blood glucose, insulin, total cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, and LDL cholesterol levels were measured for all cases; HOMA-IR, Quicki index and atherogenic index were calculated. Serum OPG and RANKL levels were also measured. OPG and RANKL levels did not show any difference between obese and non-obese children (P>.05). No difference in these 2 parameters were observed among the children with and without insulin resistance (P>.05). No correlation could be established between the OPG, the HOMA-IR, Quick and atherogenic indices. Obesity and insulin resistance are believed to show their effect in the later period of life to become able to change some of the parameters. © 2009 Versita Warsaw and Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg. ER  - 
The Growth Hormone-Insulin-like Growth Factor Axis in Glycogen Storage Disease Type 1: Evidence of Different Growth Patterns and Insulin-like Growth Factor Levels in Patients with Glycogen Storage Disease Type 1a and 1b; Objectives: To investigate the growth hormone (GH)-insulin-like growth factor (IGF) system in patients with glycogen storage disease type 1 (GSD1). Study design: This was a prospective, case-control study. Ten patients with GSD1a and 7 patients with GSD1b who were given dietary treatment and 34 sex-, age-, body mass index-, and pubertal stage-matched control subjects entered the study. Auxological parameters were correlated with circulating GH, either at basal or after growth hormone releasing hormone plus arginine test, insulin-like growth factors (IGF-I and IGF-II), and anti-pituitary antibodies (APA). Results: Short stature was detected in 10.0% of patients with GSD1a, 42.9% of patients with GSD1b (P = .02), and none of the control subjects. Serum IGF-I levels were lower in patients with GSD1b (P = .0001). An impaired GH secretion was found in 40% of patients with GSD1a (P = .008), 57.1% of patients with GSD1b (P = .006), and none of the control subjects. Short stature was demonstrated in 3 of 4 patients with GSD1b and GH deficiency. The prevalence of APA was significantly higher in patients with GSD1b than in patients with GSD1a (P = .02) and control subjects (P = .03). The GH response to the provocative test inversely correlated with the presence of APA (P = .003). Compared with levels in control subjects, serum IGF-II and insulin levels were higher in both groups of patients, in whom IGF-II levels directly correlated with height SD scores (P = .003). Conclusion: Patients with GSD1a have an impaired GH secretion associated with reference range serum IGF-I levels and normal stature, whereas in patients with GSD1b, the impaired GH secretion, probably because of the presence of APA, was associated with reduced IGF-I levels and increased prevalence of short stature. The ncreased IGF-II levels, probably caused by increased insulin levels, in patients with GSD1 are presumably responsible for the improved growth pattern observed in patients receiving strict dietary treatment. © 2010 Mosby, Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Higher BMC and areal BMD in children and grandchildren of individuals with hip or knee replacement; The relationship between aBMD and osteoarthritis (OA) remains unclear. We compared aBMD, BMC and bone size among children and grandchildren of Hutterites with hip or knee replacement (n=23 each) to children and grandchildren of age- and sex-matched controls (178 children and 267 grandchildren). There were no differences in anthropometric measures or activity levels between case and control probands, but femoral neck (FN) and spine (LS) aBMD and Z-scores were greater in cases than controls (0.89 vs. 0.80 g/cm2; 1.15 vs. 1.03 g/cm2; 1.5 vs. 0.8; 2.4 vs. 1.2: all p<0.05). Hip, FN and LS aBMD (1.05 vs. 0.97, 0.92 vs. 0.84, 1.15 vs. 1.03 g/cm2), BMC (34.1 vs. 32.0, 4.58 vs. 4.27, 69.5 vs. 62.4 g) and Z-scores (1.0 vs. 0.4; 0.9 vs. 0.2; 1.3 vs. 0.2) were greater in daughters of cases than controls (hip BMC p=0.06, others p<0.05); there were no differences between sons. Grandchildren (aged 8-39 years) were categorized as growing (premenarcheal or male<14 years) or not growing (≥2 years post-menarcheal or males≥18 years): 33 were not classified. Post-menarcheal, but not premenarcheal, granddaughters of cases had greater hip, FN and LS aBMD Z-scores (0.7 vs. -0.1; 0.6 vs. -0.1; 0.8 vs. -0.3); greater hip and spine aBMD (1.03 vs. 0.95, 1.10 vs. 0.98 g/cm2); greater femoral neck and spine BMC (4.77 vs. 4.21, 66.7 vs. 55.4 g); and greater spine bone area (60.7 vs. 56.6 cm2) compared to granddaughters of controls (all, p<0.05), which remained significant when height, weight, and age were included as covariates. Growing grandsons of cases were taller and heavier than control grandsons, and a greater hip aBMD among grandsons of cases (0.88 vs. 0.76 g/cm2) was the only bone difference that remained significant after taking into account body size differences. Grandsons who were not growing had greater spine bone area (1.19 vs. 1.08 cm2) if their grandparent had OA compared to grandsons whose grandparents did not have OA. We speculate that there is a genetic basis for OA that leads to early differences in growth patterns among boys and greater peak bone mass and aBMD among girls. © 2010 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
A comprehensive study of irish children with prader willi syndrome aged 2 to 14 years: Demographics, clinical features, laboratory, auxology, polysomnography, quality of life, behaviour and the effects of growth hormone treatment; Prader Willi Syndrome (PWS) is a complex condition characterized by hypotonia, hyperphagia, obesity, short stature, delayed or absent puberty, intellectual impairment and behavioural difficulties. The progressive severe obesity characteristic of this condition is the most significant health problem found in PWS and requires high levels of lifelong supervision as affected children have intellectual impairment. Complications include Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus, respiratory failure and cardiovascular disease with severe morbidity and early death. Growth Hormone (GH) has recently been administered to children with PWS with some improvements in growth body composition, and mobility. Aims: To intensively study an Irish cohort of children and adolescents with PWS focussing on demographics, clinical features, genetic diagnosis, growth hormone secretion, glucose metabolism, white cell count, scoliosis, behaviour and polysomnography and the effects of growth hormone on growth and body composition, quality of life and family burden. Methods: A longitudinal study was conducted over 12 months assessing children with PWS including demographics, clinical features, auxological measurements, laboratory investigations, quality of life and family burden via questionnaire, behaviour by the Achenbach Child Behaviour Check List, and polysomnography pre and post GH treatment. Results: Fourteen prepubertal children participated in the study; (5 male, 9 female), (age range 2 to 14 years). Genetic analysis showed a microdeletion in 11(79%) children, maternal uniparental disomy in one child (7%) and an imprinting centre mutation in 2(14%) siblings, 8(57%) children were diagnosed before one year of age. At the start of the study the children with PWS were shorter compared with the general Irish population (mean height SDS -1.5 SD ± 1.9). Post GH treatment mean height improved significantly (-0.9 SD ± 1.7) (p = 0.001). Mean body mass index (BMI) was increased compared to the general population (3.8 SD ± 3.2) and decreased significantly after 6 months of GH treatment (2.9 SDS ± 2.9) (p = 0.002). Triceps and subscapular skinfold thickness also decreased significantly after treatment. Ten of fourteen children had subnormal growth hormone levels (<15mU/l) on stimulation testing. Mean IGF-1 levels were in the low or low-normal range in all children pre-treatment. Post GH treatment they were above the normal range in all but one child. There was no change in plasma glucose, HbA1c, thyroid function, bloodwhite cell and neutrophil counts, which were normal, after GH treatment However oral glucose tolerance testing pretreatment revealed raised glucose levels >7.8mmol/l after 30 minutes in 5 children. Bone age was delayed in 9 children. Three (21%) patients had scoliosis and did not deteriorate after GH treatment. This is the first time surface topography has been used in the assessment of scoliosis in children with PWS. Pre-treatment the majority of parents (93%) perceived that their child had an excellent or good quality of life and general health. Post-treatment there was an improvement. The major burden as perceived by parents, related to the long-term health of their child with 72% of parents seeing this as a major burden pre-treatment, reducing significantly to 57% post-treatment Behavioural analysis showed that children of all ages had difficulty with school performance. Children aged between 12 and 18 years also had internalizing and externalising problems. There was an alarmingly high incidence (92%) of sleep apnoea including central, obstructive and mixed apnoea, detected on polysomnography. This is particularly worrying in the context of the increased risk of morbidity and mortality in this group associated with respiratory problems. Nine children underwent adenotonsillectomy and 4 children were recommended nocturnal nasal ventilation. Conclusion: This intensive study of a cohort of children with PWS in Ireland, demonstrates major medical problems and the benefits and safety of GH in this group. There is a need for ongoing research on this group of Irish children with PWS. Multi-centre research on the long-term outcomes of growth hormone treatment and its effects on growth and body composition, glucose metabolism, scoliosis and quality of life are essential. Further research is also needed on sleep patterns and the effects of GH. ER  - 
Determination of the renal concentration mechanism following desmopressin administration in healthy humans; INTRODUCTION AND OBJECTIVES: Desmopressin (dDAVP) is an artificially produced arginine vasopressin (AVP) analogue used for treatment in disorders like neurogenic diabetes insipidus (DI), and enuresis nocturna. Further dDAVP is used in differential diagnosis of polyuric disorders such as nephrogenic DI, neurogenic DI, and primary polydipsia (PP). Infusion of AVP can be used to evaluate renal sensitivity. AVP, however, exerts its effects not only through the vasopressin V2 receptors (V2Rs) in the kidneys, but also on receptors localized in the peripheral vasculature, the liver and the brain with the possibility of serious adverse affects. dDAVP is a good alternative because it almost exclusively affects the V2Rs in the kidney collecting ducts. The drawback from using dDAVP is the lack of commercially available assays for measurement of plasma dDAVP. Determination of plasma dDAVP levels is essential when evaluating renal sensitivity to the hormone. We developed a specific radioimmunoassay (RIA) for measurement of dDAVP in plasma in order to anticipate the relationship between plasma dDAVP and urine osmolality, as well as, illustrating the correlation between time of infusion and plasma dDAVP and urine osmolality. METHODS: Plasma dDAVP assay was based on a well established radioimmunoassay (RIA) for measurements of AVP. For the clinical studies 4 healthy females and 10 healthy males (aged 15-18 years) were enrolled. All obtained day-and nighttime continence at the expected age, was at least Tanner stage IV, and had residual urine < 20 ml. Admission to the hospital comprised of urine collections and blood sampling. Sodium and water intake was standardized. 1 hour post admission 0.03 μg/kg desmopressin was administered intravenously. Parameters characterizing the renal water and solute handling were measured. Subjects were discharged when urine osmolality fell below 300 mosm/kg. RESULTS: Urine osmolality varies greatly between individuals. Plasma dDAVP levels increases in response to intravenous infusion of dDAVP, but decreases rapidly. The increment in urine osmolality continues despite of the decrease in plasma dDAVP. CONCLUSIONS: The results presented in this study suggest that renal sensitivity can be determined when measured at 120 minutes subsequent to the infusion of dDAVP. This makes the test valuable in a clinical setting, and makes AVP infusion obsolete. ER  - 
Vulvovaginitis in pre-pubertal and pubertal girls; Objectives: Vulvovaginitis is the most common gynecological problem in prepubertal and pubertal girls. Nevertheless, the interpretation of the results of vaginal cultures performed in children is often difficult since clinical data and possible risk factors must be taken into consideration. This study aimed to evaluate the vaginal microflora in a group of prepubertal (PP) and pubertal (P) girls with vulvovaginitis. Methods: A total of 245 girls aged 2 to 17 years, presenting at the outpatient clinic for pediatric and adolescent gynecology of our hospital during January 2008 to October 2009 with signs and symptoms of vulvovaginitis (vaginal redness and discharge and/or itching) were included. Cases were divided into 2 groups: 101 PP (age 2-11 years) and 144 P (age 12-17 years). Vaginal secretions were collected using a sterile newborn suction catheter carefully inserted into the vagina. Samples were inoculated onto blood agar, MacConkey, Mannitol Salt, Sabouraud Dextrose agar, Gardnerella agar and Wilkins-Chalgren agar as well as Thayer-Martin and chocolate agar followed by incubation in aerobic, anaerobic or CO2 atmosphere at 37° C for 24 or 48 hours, as appropriate. Wet mount and Gram stain preparations were examined to investigate the presence of leukocytes and the type of bacteria present. In order to rule out the presence of Enterobius vermicularis a Graham test was performed in all cases. The identification of isolated strains and their susceptibility test to antibiotics were carried out with the API System and the automated system VITEK 2 (bioMerieux, Marcy l'Etoile, France). Results: Bacterial pathogens were isolated from 60/101 (59.4%) of PP girls and 99/144 (68.8%) of P girls. Interestingly, leukocytes were observed only in samples where pathogens were retrieved. Isolated bacteria in the PP and P groups included 12/101 (11.9%) and 72/144 (50.0%) anaerobes, 27/101 (26.7%) and 9/144 (6.3%) Gram- positive cocci, 21/101 (20.8%) and 10/144 (6.9%) Gram-negative rods, respectively. Candida species were isolated in 8/144 (5.6%) only in the P group. Finally, in 41/101 (40.6%) in PP group and 45/144 (31.2%) in P group no pathogen was isolated. Conclusion: In the PP girls predominantly Gram-positive cocci and Gram-negative rods were isolated while in the P girls, anaerobes. Candida species were found only in the P group. The presence of leukocytes in vaginal samples increases the likelihood of finding pathogens which require specific treatment. ER  - 
Comparison of anthropometric indices in predicting metabolic syndrome components in children; Body proportions normally change during pubertal development and may vary among persons of different races and ethnic groups. In this study, we compared several anthropometric indices (i.e. biceps skin fold thickness (SFT), waist circumference (WC), hip circumference (HC), waist to hip ratio (WHpR), body mass index (BMI), waist to height ratio (WHtR)) in predicting metabolic syndrome (MS) components among 9 year old school children. Methods: Cross sectional study was performed in 2007-8. Study participants were 9 year old school children (n=1194, 586 boys mean age 9 ± 0.4 and 608 girls mean age 8.9 ± 0.4). We adopted the NCEP Adult Treatment Panel III criteria of MS to children. Using the international cut off points and percentiles, we determined subjects with high blood pressure (bp), high triglyceride, low high density lipoprotein cholesterol, elevated fasting glucose ≥100 mg/dl and elevated BMI corresponding to overweight or obesity. The weight of children wearing minimal clothing was measured to the nearest 0.1 kg with a portable electronic scale. Height was measured with a fiberglass tape. BMI was calculated as weight (kg)/height (m2). Hip and waist (just above the iliac crest) circumferences and arm span were measured to the nearest 0.1 cm in the standing position. Biceps SFT was measured to the nearest 1.0 mm with a Holtain caliper. Results: 58 children (4.9 %) were identified to have MS, 240 children (20.1 %) had hypertriglyceridemia (≥90 percentile), 254 (21.3 %) were overweight or obese, 161 (13.5 %) had elevated WHtR (>0.5), 141 (11.8 %) had elevated WHpR (>0.9 %). Only 4 (0.3 %) had elevated fasting glucose (≥100 mg/dl), on the other hand 362 (30.3 %) had elevated bp. Among all anthropometric indices, SFT (boys, OR 1.1, %95 CI for OR 1-1.2, P=0.004) and HC (girls, OR 1.2, %95 CI for OR 1-1.4, P=0.06) displayed the most significant association with MS. Weight (boys, OR 1.2, %95 CI for OR 1.1-1.3, P=0.001) and WHpR (girls, OR 0.4 %95 CI for OR 0.2-0.9, P=0.02) most significantly associated with high bp. Conclusions: Assessing anthropometric indices regularly may enable early interventions to prevent MS and high bp. Each country must have its own reference values to identify obesity and metabolic disturbances. ER  - 
Feasibility of assessing liver lipid by proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy in healthy normal and overweight prepubertal children; Background: Intramyocellular and intrahepatic (IHL) lipids are significantly associated with insulin resistance in adults and adolescents and may represent an early marker for developing the metabolic syndrome or type 2 diabetes. Methods: During the pilot phase of a larger cross-sectional study, we used proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy (1H-MRS) to determine the feasibility of noninvasively evaluating IHL in 11 male (n=4) and female (n=7) prepubertal children using a standard clinical system and to determine whether IHL is correlated with adiposity, fasting insulin and glucose, and liver enzymes. Results: Body mass index (BMI) (range, 13.4-32.4kg/m2) and IHL stores (range, 0.07-3.2% relative to an oil phantom) were variable. IHL was correlated with body mass (r=0.66, P=0.037), BMI (r=0.73, P=0.016), percentage body fat (r=0.73, P=0.01, n=10), waist circumference (r=0.85, P=0.016), and serum lactate dehydrogenase concentration (r=0.77, P=0.03) but was not significantly correlated with other markers of liver damage, including aspartate aminotransferase activity (r=0.59, P=0.09, n=9) and alkaline phosphatase concentrations (r=0.60, P=0.087). IHL was also (P<0.01) correlated with fasting insulin concentration (r=0.85, P=0.03, n=6) and insulin resistance (r=0.94, P=0.006, n=6), but these correlations were driven by the results for one child. Conclusions: These preliminary data suggest that 1H-MRS obtained in a standard pediatric clinical environment may be used to determine IHL in healthy normal and overweight prepubertal youth. This noninvasive technique may prove useful in identifying early markers of the metabolic syndrome in at-risk youth. Copyright 2010 Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. ER  - 
Carboxylation of osteocalcin affects its association with metabolic parameters in healthy children; OBJECTIVE - Osteocalcin (OC), a bone-derived protein, was recently shown to regulate metabolic pathways in mice. Undercarboxylated OC (ucOC), but not carboxylated OC (cOC), increases adiponectin and insulin secretion. It is unclear if carboxylation of OC affects its association with metabolic parameters in humans. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - The associations between ucOC, cOC, total and high-molecular-weight (HMW) adiponectin, and insulin secretion (homeostasis model assessment [HOMA]-β) were investigated in a population-based sample of healthy prepubertal children (n = 103; 49 boys and 54 girls). RESULTS - Weight-dependent associations were observed between the different forms of OC and metabolic parameters. Higher cOC was related to lower HMW adiponectin (with a stronger association in leaner children; P < 0.001). Higher ucOC-to-cOC ratio was associated with higher HOMA-β (P<0.01) in leaner children and associated with higher HMW adiponectin (P < 0.001) in heavier children. CONCLUSIONS - In a weight-dependent manner, cOC and the proportion of ucOC are differentially related to HMW adiponectin and insulin secretion in healthy children. © 2010 by the American Diabetes Association. ER  - 
Obesity without established comorbidities of the metabolic syndrome is associated with a proinflammatory and prothrombotic state, even before the onset of puberty in children; Background: Metabolic syndrome (MS)-related comorbidities in obesity, such as hypertension, dyslipidemia, and glucose intolerance, are increasingly recognized in children, predisposing them to early cardiovascular disease. Objective: The objective of the study was to investigate whether markers of inflammation and prothrombosis are abnormal in obese children without established MS comorbidities across puberty, as compared with lean, age-matched controls. Subjects and Methods: Obese children (body mass index>95%)with normal fasting glucose, blood pressure, cholesterol and triglycerides were recruited; lean controls (body mass index 10-75%) had no first-degree relatives with MS. High-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP), IL-6, plasminogen activator inhibitor 1, and fibrinogen concentrations were measured. Body composition was assessed by waist circumference and dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry. Results: Of 623 children screened, 203 enrolled (106 males, 97 females), aged 7-18 yr, 115 obese, 88 lean (balanced forageandgender), 99 prepubertal,and104 pubertal.Manyscreen failureswere due to silent comorbidities. Obese subjects with insulin resistance but without MS comorbidities had about 10 times higher hsCRP concentrations than controls and higher fibrinogen, IL-6, and plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (P < 0.01 all). Differences were significant, even in the prepubertal cohort. hsCRP and fibrinogen correlated with waist circumference (r = 0.73 and 0.40, respectively) and percent fat mass (r = 0.76 and 0.47) (P < 0.0001). Conclusion: Childhood obesity per se is associated with a proinflammatory and prothrombotic state before other comorbidities of the MS are present and even before the onset of puberty. Whether biomarkers like hsCRP and fibrinogen are useful in assessing cardiovascular risk and whether these abnormalities are reversible with earlier therapeutic interventions in very young obese children requires further study. Copyright © 2010 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Adiposity is inversely related to insulin sensitivity in relatively lean Chinese adolescents: A population-based twin study; Background: Adolescence is a critical period for rising adiposity and falling insulin sensitivity (IS), but the independent relation between adiposity and IS remains understudied. Objective: The objective was to examine which adiposity measures are most strongly associated with IS in nondiabetic adolescents, whether sex-difference exists, and to what degree genetic or environmental factors affect the adiposity-IS relation. Design: The study included 1613 rural Chinese adolescents (888 males) aged 13-20 y from a population-based twin cohort. We used graphic plots and linear mixed models to examine the relation of anthropometric and dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry-based measures of adiposity with IS [QUantitative Insulin-sensitivity ChecK Index (QUICKI), fasting serum insulin (FSI), homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR)] and structural equation models to estimate genetic/environmental influences on these associations. Results: In graphic analyses, participants in the highest quintile (quintile 5) of waist circumference (WC) and percentage body fat (%BF) had the lowest QUICKI and the highest FSI and HOMA-IR values for all age-sex groups. In regression models adjusted for age, Tanner stage, zygosity, and physical activity, all adiposity measures showed inverse associations with IS in both sexes, but WC explained the largest fraction of variance in IS measures (10-14%). Of the phenotypic correlations between adiposity measures and IS (-0.28 to -0.38), 74-85% were attributed to shared genetic factors and 15-26% to common unique environmental factors in both sexes. Conclusions: In these relatively lean Chinese adolescents, WC and %BF (quintile 5) are the adiposity measures most consistently and strongly associated with decreased IS in both sexes. To a large degree, shared genetic factors contribute to this association. © 2010 American Society for Nutrition. ER  - 
Sex hormones, Insulin resistance and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels in children; Cardiovascular risk starts early in life; therefore, it is of interest to clarify the relation between puberty, sex hormones, insulin resistance and lipid levels in children. This is a cross sectional study of 365 school students (8-18 years of age). We analyzed the associations of sex hormones (testosterone, free androgen index, estradiol, free estradiol index) and sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) with insulin resistance and lipid levels. Analyses were performed in prepubertal versus adolescent girls and boys. Among prepubertal boys, estradiol was significantly associated with increased log homeostasis model assessment-estimated insulin resistance (HOMA-IR; B = 0.9, model R 2 = 0.62, p < 0.001) and insulin levels (B = 0.8, model R 2 = 0.58, p < 0.001). Testosterone was associated with increased high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) levels among prepubertal boys (B = 10, model R2 = 0.42, p = 0.04). Among adolescent girls, SHBG was significantly associated with decreased HOMA-IR (B = -0.8, model R2 = 0.34, p = 0.01) and insulin levels (B = -0.7, model R2 = 0.34, p = 0.01). SHBG was also related to increased HDL-C levels among prepubertal (B = 24, model R2 = 0.42, p = 0.047) and adolescent girls (B = 21, model R2 = 0.44, p = 0.002). In conclusion, sex hormone levels and SHBG have important effects on HDL-C and insulin resistance among children and adolescents. Copyright © 2010 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Thyroid function in obese children and adolescents; Objective: Obesity is frequently associated with modifications of thyroid size and function. We evaluated the prevalence of thyroid function abnormalities and the effects of puberty and weight loss in obese children and adolescents. Methods: We examined 468 obese children (255 girls and 213 boys aged 3.7-17.9 years) and 52 normal-weight age-matched children as controls. TSH, fT3, fT4, fasting serum insulin and glucose were measured at baseline. fT3, fT4 and TSH were also measured after 6 months of lifestyle intervention in a subset of 43 patients. Results: 109 obese children showed abnormal circulating thyroid hormone concentrations (84 had elevated fT3 levels, 15 elevated TSH, 6 elevated fT4, 3 elevated fT3 and TSH, and 1 elevated fT3, fT4 and TSH levels). Serum TSH and fT3 concentrations were positively correlated with BMI-SDS. The prevalence of patients with abnormal thyroid hormone concentrations was similar between sexes and between prepubertal and pubertal subjects. After 6 months of lifestyle intervention, thyroid hormone concentrations normalized in 27 of the patients with decreased BMI-SDS, and in 2 patients in whom BMI-SDS increased. Conclusions: In obese children, an increased fT3 concentration is the most frequent thyroid function abnormality. Serum fT3 and TSH correlate with BMI. Moderate weight loss frequently restores these abnormalities. Copyright © 2010 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Magnetic resonance imaging and pituitary function in children with panhypopituitarism; Background: To explore the relationship between magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) findings and multiple pituitary-target hormones in patients with panhypopituitarism or multiple pituitary hormone deficiency (MPHD). Methods: 125 patients with MPHD (102 boys, MPHD group) and 90 age-, sex- and Tanner stage-matched normal children (control group) were enrolled. 96 of the patients with MPHD underwent MRI scans of the hypothalamic-pituitary area. The patients were subdivided into five stages according to their MRI findings. The serum concentrations of GH, IGF-1, FT4, TSH, ACTH, cortisol, FSH, LH, prolactin, testosterone and estradiol were measured in patients and in controls. Results: MRI stage was significantly positively correlated with the number of pituitary hormone deficiencies (r = 0.9, p < 0.001). MRI stage was negatively correlated with peak GH, IGF-1, FT4, cortisol and anterior pituitary height (r = -0.43, -0.47, -0.67, -0.54, and -0.49, respectively, p < 0.01). Diabetes insipidus patients could be stratified according to their MRI stage; diabetes insipidus was found mainly in patients with absence of the posterior pituitary bright spot or small ectopic posterior pituitary bright spot on MRI. Conclusion: An abnormal MRI finding is evidence of MPHD and, correspondingly, there is a noteworthy correlation between MRI and pituitary function. Copyright © 2010 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Three-year follow up of metabolic control in adolescents with type 1 diabetes with and without eating disorders; Eating disorders associated to type 1 diabetes (T1D) raise the risk of impairments in metabolic control increasing short and long term complications. Objective. To compare the glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) levels variation in a group of T1D adolescents with and without disordered eating behaviour (DEB) during 3-year follow-up and to relate the metabolic control, with pubertal stage, T1D duration, Body Mass Index and gender at the end of the study. Material and methods. Analytyc an observational comparative study of two cohorts: patients were selected from a previous multicentric study done by the Paediatric Committee of the Argentinean Diabetes Association. One DEB sample group and another group without DEB were conformed. HbA1c levels were estimated al baseline and after 3 years. Pubertal stage, BMI, gender and duration of T1D were assessed at the end of the study. Comparison of statistical tests of HbA1c levels and association tests were made. Results. Eighty seven patients, 22 with DEB and 65 without DEB were studied. Patient's mean ages (13.6 vs.14.3 years) and T1D evolution time (4.0 vs. 4.7 years) were similar in both groups. Three years later, there was an increase in the mean HbA1c levels in both groups, with statistical differences only in the DEB group (8.40 vs. 9.93) (p: 0.001), but not in the group without DEB [8.57 vs. 9.01 (p: 0.06)]. An association between metabolic control and the presence of DEB was observed but not with the other studied variables. Conclusion. Presence and persistence DEB in T1D patients implies a worsening prognosis of the metabolic control in the future. ER  - 
Early menarche and ischemic stroke risk among postmenopausal women; Background: Results from previous studies regarding relationships between age at menarche and cardiovascular disease remain controversial. This study investigated the association between endogenous estrogen exposure and ischemic stroke risk. Methods: A total of 189 ischemic stroke patients and 192 age-matched healthy postmenopausal women were recruited. Age at menarche and menopause and risk factors of ischemic stroke were recorded through structured questionnaires by well-trained research assistants. Lifetime estrogen exposure was calculated as the number of years between age of menarche and menopause. Results: Study subjects with a history of hypertension and diabetes mellitus have a 2.8- and 6.2-fold increased risk for ischemic stroke, respectively. In addition, study subjects with waist circumferences ≥80 cm also have a 2.6-fold increased risk of ischemic stroke. Conversely, subjects who experienced menarche at an early age may have a significantly decreased risk of 0.3-fold for ischemic stroke. Moreover, there was a significant and joint protective effect for study subjects without any risk factors of ischemic stroke, including a history of hypertension and diabetes mellitus, late age at menarche, and shorter lifetime estrogen exposure; these subjects were found to have the lowest risk (0.03-fold) for the development of ischemic stroke. Conclusion: Our study provides strong evidence that a significant joint protective effect was observed for patients who undergo early menarche, have longer estrogen exposure and no history of hypertension or diabetes mellitus on the risk of ischemic stroke. © 2010 Taiwan Society of Geriatric Emergency & Critical Care Medicine. ER  - 
Premature Thelarche: Age at Presentation Affects Clinical Course but Not Clinical Characteristics or Risk to Progress to Precocious Puberty; Objectives: To determine whether age at premature thelarche (PT) onset affects the clinical characteristics, course, and risk of progression to precocious puberty (PP). Study design: Data regarding course of growth and puberty were retrieved from the medical files of 139 girls with PT followed up from 1995 to 2005. Analysis was based on age at PT appearance (birth, 1-24 months, and 2-8 years); course was categorized as regressive, persistent, progressive, or cyclic. Results: At diagnosis, height standard deviation score, bone age-chronological age ratio, and hormonal values were comparable in the 3 age groups. PT regressed in 50.8%, persisted in 36.3%, progressed in 3.2% and had a cyclic course in 9.7%. A progressive or cyclic course was significantly more prevalent among girls presenting after 2 years (52.6%) compared with girls presenting at birth (13.0%) or at 1 to 24 months (3.8%) (P < .001). PP occurred in 13% irrespective of age at PT presentation or clinical course. Conclusions: Clinical and anthropometric characteristics at admission and risk of PP were similar in all girls with PT, regardless of age at onset. There are currently no clinical or laboratory tests that can predict the risk of progression to PP at presentation. © 2010 Mosby, Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Relationship between obesity and metabolic syndrome among Argentinean elementary school children; Background: Argentina has experienced marked increases in the prevalence of childhood overweight (OW)/obesity over the last few decades. Objectives: We examined (1) the distribution of the mean values of lipids, glucose, and HOMA-IR according to the presence of OW/obesity, age, and sex and (2) the association between metabolic syndrome and OW/obesity, Tanner stage, gender, and HOMA-IR. Methods: Data were collected from 1009 children (508 males) in 10 elementary schools between April and September 2007. BMI, waist circumference, blood pressure, Tanner, lipids, insulin, and glucose were determined. Criteria analogous to ATPIII were used for metabolic syndrome in children. Results: Over 1009 children (508 males) aged 9.4 ± 2.0 years were evaluated. One hundred and sixty-five (16.4%) were obese (> 95th percentile), and 166 (16.5%) were OW (85-95th). Twenty-five (2.5%) were severely obese (BMI > 99th). Most of the children (62%; 613/979) were at Tanner 1. Triglycerides, insulin, and HOMA-IR were higher (p < 0.001) and HDL-C lower (p < 0.001) in OW/obesity in both age groups and genders. The prevalence of metabolic syndrome was 5.8% overall, 32% in severely obese, 16.4% in OW/obese and 0.4% in normal weight children. Multiple logistic regression showed that BMI (OR 24.48; 95% CI 9.14-65.57), and HOMA-IR (OR 2.09; 95% CI 1.04-4.18) were associated with metabolic syndrome adjusted by gender and Tanner stage. Multiple linear regression also showed that BMI and HOMA-IR were independently associated with the number of metabolic syndrome components (R2 = 0.46). Conclusions: A substantial number of OW/obese children have the metabolic syndrome. HOMA-IR and BMI were strong predictors of metabolic syndrome in children suggesting that OW/obese school children are at a higher risk for future cardiovascular disease. © 2009 The Canadian Society of Clinical Chemists. ER  - 
The rise in insulin resistance starts before puberty: A longitudinal study; Aims: Insulin resistance(IR) is some 30% higher in puberty, associated with an increased risk of diabetes. It is unclear when IR starts to rise because longitudinal studies incorporating pre-puberty are few. Puberty is signalled by the appearance of luteinising hormone(LH), followed by phenotypic maturation. We studied changes in IR over a seven-year period before and after pubertal onset. Methods: EarlyBird is monitoring HOMA-IR, %fat(DEXA) and LHannually in 300 healthy children. Tanner stage(TS) was self-assessed at 6-monthly intervals using standard images. Detectable LH (≥0.2iu/l) on two successive occasions signalled pubertal onset (LH-P). Linear mixed effects models assessed the contribution of pubertal development to IR .Results: 137 boys(B), 107 girls(G) had complete data-sets 7-13y. By 13 y, 95% B and 98% G had LH-P, 95% and 93% were TS2, 22% and 20% respectively TS4. HOMA-IR rose year-on-year from 7-13y (+0.51(B), + 0.84(G), both p< 0.001), independently of trends in adiposity. In neither gender was LH-P, adjusted for age, adiposityand baseline IR, associated with a rise in IR (coefficient -0.02, p = 0.6(B), + 0.04, p = 0.13(G). The age-related increase in IR from 7-13 y was +0.11 units per year in girls (p< 0.001), with an additional TS-related increase of + 0.12 units per stage (p = 0.015), independent of trends in adiposity and baseline IR. The correspond ing age-related increase in IR in boys was + 0.08 (p< 0.001), but there was no TS-related increase (-0.02, p = 0.63). Conclusion: A rise in IR is detectable from 7y in both genders, clearly preceding the onset of puberty. The age-related rise continues to 13 y, with an additional pubertal increase in girls. ER  - 
High molecular weight adiponectin as a marker of polycystic ovary syndrome in adolescent girls; Background: Adolescent girls with Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS) are at risk for development of insulin resistance and metabolic syndrome. Methods: We examined the relationship between anthropometric parameters and indices of insulin resistance, including high molecular weight (HMW) adiponectin, in a cross-sectional study of 92 peripubertal girls. Participants (age 15.6+3.0 years) were recruited in the pediatric primary care outpatient setting. PCOS was defined by oligomenorrhea ( < 9 menses a year) and hyperandrogenism. In addition to bivariate analyses, multivariable logistic regression models were specified with PCOS status as the outcome and HMW adiponectin as the independent variable of interest while adjusting for body mass. HMW adiponectin was assayed by ELISA (Millipore, Billerica, MA). A p value of < 0.05 was considered statistically significant. Results: Prevalence of PCOS in our cohort was 7%. Girls with PCOS were heavier, had higher waist-hip ratio and blood pressure (BP) and lower HMW adiponectin. PCOS, n=7 Non-PCOS, n=85 P Age at Menarche, (Table presented) Data presented as mean ± s.d. Logistic regression analysis indicated that PCOS status was independently associated with HMW adiponectin after adjustment for BMI. Each 1000 unit increase in HMW adiponectin resulted in decreasing the likelihood of PCOS diagnosis by 59% (OR: 0.41, 95% CI: 0.17-0.97 4; p=0.04). Conclusions: In our cohort, adolescents with PCOS present with unfavorable metabolic profile, including central adiposity and significantly decreased HMW adiponectin. Larger populations are needed to study the independent effects of HMW adiponectin and obesity in PCOS. Our data suggest that HMW adiponectin in PCOS may be a useful indicator of metabolic health. ER  - 
Age at menarche and risk of type 2 diabetes: Results from 2 large prospective cohort studies; The authors investigated the association between age at menarche and risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) among 101,415 women from the Nurses' Health Study (NHS) aged 34-59 years (1980-2006) and 100,547 women from Nurses' Health Study II (NHS II) aged 26-46 years (1991-2005). During 2,430,274 and 1,373,875 person-years of follow-up, respectively, 7,963 and 2,739 incident cases of T2DM were documented. Young age at menarche was associated with increased risk of T2DM after adjustment for potential confounders, including body figure at age 10 years and body mass index (BMI; weight (kg)/height (m)2) at age 18 years. Relative risks of T2DM across age-at-menarche categories (≤11, 12, 13, 14, and ≥15 years) were 1.18 (95% confidence interval (CI): 1.10, 1.27), 1.09 (95% CI: 1.02, 1.17), 1.00 (referent), 0.92 (95% CI: 0.83, 1.01), and 0.95 (95% CI: 0.84, 1.06), respectively, in the NHS (P for trend < 0.0001) and 1.40 (95% CI: 1.24, 1.57), 1.13 (95% CI: 1.00, 1.27), 1.00 (referent), 0.98 (95% CI: 0.82, 1.18), and 0.96 (95% CI: 0.78, 1.19), respectively, in NHS II (P for trend < 0.0001). Associations were substantially attenuated after additional control for updated time-varying BMI. These data suggest that early menarche is associated with increased risk of T2DM in adulthood. The association may be largely mediated through excessive adult adiposity. The association was stronger among younger women, supporting a role for sex hormones in younger onset of T2DM, in addition to BMI. ER  - 
Birth weight, body silhouette over the life course, and incident diabetes in 91,453 middle-aged women from the French etude epidemiologique de femmes de la mutuelle générale de l'education nationale (E3N) cohort; OBJECTIVE - Obesity and increases in body weight in adults are considered to be among the most important risk factors for type 2 diabetes. Low birth weight is also associated with a higher diabetes incidence. We aimed to examine to what extent the evolution of body shape, from childhood to adulthood, is related to incident diabetes in late adulthood. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - Etude Epidemiologique de Femmes de la Mutuelle Générale de l'Education Nationale (E3N) is a cohort study of French women born in 1925-1950 and followed by questionnaire every 2 years. At baseline, in 1990, women were asked to report their current weight, height, and body silhouette at various ages. Birth weight was recorded in 2002. Cases of diabetes were self-reported or obtained by drug reimbursement record linkage and further validated. RESULTS - Of the 91,453 women who were nondiabetic at baseline, 2,534 developed diabetes over the 15 years of follow-up. Birth weight and body silhouette at 8 years, at menarche, and in young adulthood (20-25 years) were inversely associated with the risk of diabetes, independently of adult BMI during follow-up (all P trend < 0.001). In mid-adulthood (35-40 years), the association was reversed, with an increase in risk related to a larger body silhouette. An increase in body silhouette from childhood to mid-adulthood amplified the risk of diabetes. CONCLUSIONS - Low birth weight and thinness until young adulthood may increase the risk of diabetes, independently of adult BMI during follow-up. Young women who were lean children should be especially warned against weight gain. © 2010 by the American Diabetes Association. ER  - 
Insulin resistance in adolescents with type 1 diabetes and its relationship to cardiovascular function; Context: Cardiovascular disease is the major cause of death in adults with diabetes, yet little is specifically known about the effects of type 1 diabetes (T1D) on cardiovascular outcomes in youth. Although insulin resistance (IR) likely contributes to exercise and cardiovascular dysfunction in T2D, IR is not typically considered a contributor in T1D. Objective: We hypothesized that cardiopulmonary fitness would be reduced in T1D youth in association with IR and cardiovascular dysfunction. Design and Participants: This cross-sectional study at an academic hospital included 12 T1D adolescents compared with 12 nondiabetic controls, similar in age, pubertal stage, activity level, and body mass index. Outcome Measures: Cardiopulmonary fitness was measured by peak oxygen consumption (VO2peak) and oxygen uptake kinetics (VO 2kinetics), IR by hyperinsulinemic clamp, cardiac function by echocardiography, vascular function by venous occlusion plethysmography, intramyocellular lipid by magnetic resonance spectroscopy, and body composition by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry. Results: T1D adolescents had significantly decreased VO2peak, peak work rate, and insulin sensitivity compared with nondiabetic adolescents. T1D youth also had reduced vascular reactivity and evidence of diastolic dysfunction and left ventricular hypertrophy. Despite their IR and reduced cardiovascular fitness, T1D youth had paradoxically normal intramyocellular lipid, waist to hip ratio, and serum lipids and high adiponectin levels. In multivariate analysis, IR primarily, and forearm blood flow secondarily, independently predicted VO2peak. Conclusions: T1D youth demonstrated IR, impaired functional exercise capacity and cardiovascular dysfunction. The phenotype of IR in T1D youth was unique, suggesting a pathophysiology that is different from T2D, yet may adversely affect long-term cardiovascular outcomes. Copyright © 2010 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Effect of bodyweight on the onset of puberty of female children and adolescents; Objective: To investigate the possible effects and roles of bodyweight on the puberty onset in adolescent girls. Methods: Totally 288 Chinese female children and adolescent girls aged 5 to 16 were followed up yearly for four consecutive years. The height, bodyweight, fat percentage, sexual characteristics, and the serum levels of leptin and insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) were studied to analyze the influential factors of puberty onset and age of monarche. Results: The serum level of leptin elevated signifanctly from age 13 [(9.23±1.25) μg/L] and reached peak at age 16 [(13.19±1.45) μg/L]. IGF-1 significantly correlated with the timing of puberty onset (r = 0.292, P = 0.016). BMI and fat percentage had no significant effects on the onset of puberty, but were negatively correlated with the age of menarche (r = -0.323, P = 0.037; r = -0.298, P = 0.038, respectively). Conclusion: Bodyweight may have effect on puberty onset in female adolescents. ER  - 
Screening markers of impaired glucose tolerance in the obese pediatric population; Background: With the epidemic of childhood obesity, it is crucial to devise a simple screening protocol to predict impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) or pre-diabetes. The oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), which is the gold standard for the diagnosis of IGT, is impractical for screening purposes. This pilot study was designed to formulate a simple, sensitive algorithm to predict IGT using clinical and laboratory parameters. Methods: Ethnicity, family history of diabetes, pubertal status, BMI z-score, blood pressure, lipids, hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) and OGTT data were retrospectively collected from 209 overweight multi-ethnic subjects aged 3-21 years. Multivariate logistic regression was used to determine independent predictors of IGT. Results: HbA1c was the only significant predictor of IGT (p = 0.001), whereas fasting glucose was not. A cut-off of 5.5% had the best combined sensitivity (85.7%) and specificity (56.9%) with an odds ratio of 7.9 of having IGT when HbA1c is ≥5.5%. The remaining clinical parameters were not significant predictors of IGT. Conclusion: While fasting blood glucose does not seem to be a predictor of IGT, we propose that HbA1c ≥5.5% can be used as a screening test to assess the risk of IGT and to determine who should undergo diagnostic OGTT. Large prospective studies validating our findings are warranted. Copyright © 2010 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
IL-6, IL-8 and IL-10 levels in healthy weight and overweight children; Background/Aim: In adults, studies have shown that obesity is a chronic low-grade inflammatory state characterized by altered levels of cytokines. Studies in children have mainly focused on C-reactive protein and adiponectin, and there is limited data for other inflammatory markers in healthy weight and overweight children. The aim of this study was to measure IL-6, IL-8 and IL-10 levels in healthy normal weight and overweight children at 8 and 15 years. Methods: 118 normal weight and overweight children (59 boys) from the Nepean longitudinal study were recruited at age 8 years and followed up at 15 years. Serum IL-6, IL-8 and IL-10 levels were measured at both time-points. Results: At 8 years, we found no significant differences in cytokine levels between normal weight and overweight (owt)/obese (ob) groups. However, at 15 years, owt/ob girls (n = 23) had higher levels of IL-6 (p = 0.04), IL-8 (p = 0.04) and IL-10 (p = 0.03) compared to normal weight girls (n = 36), even after adjustment for puberty; no differences were seen in boys. Conclusion:The effects of obesity on IL-6, IL-8 and IL-10 levels vary with age and sex, with owt/ob girls at 15 years showing raised IL-6, IL-8 and IL-10 levels compared to healthy weight girls. Copyright © 2010 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) serum concentrations in healthy children and adolescents: Relationship to level of contamination by DDT-derivative pesticides; Context: Serum levels of Insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) play a critical role in children growth and in the pathogenesis of several diseases. In addition, recent studies suggest that DDT-derivative organochlorine pesticides (OC-DDTs) could influence IGF levels in human beings. Objective and design: Because it has been suggested that IGF-I peak levels at puberty could determine IGF-I levels in adulthood, we developed a cross-sectional study of the potential association between serum levels of OC-DDTs and IGF system in 160 serum samples from young people (81 boys and 79 girls) living in the Canary Islands (Spain). Results: Multivariate tests were used adjusting for confounding variables (age, height, and weight) and stratifying by gender and age: IGF-I serum levels were significantly lower in pre-pubertal male children (6-15 years) who showed detectable values of p,p′-DDE, and p,p′-DDD than in pre-pubertal male children with undetectable levels of these OC-DDTs-metabolites (p = 0.023 and p = 0.049, respectively). In addition, in this multivariate model, a non-linear dose-response curve was observed between Total DDT body burden (sum of the three DDT-derivatives measured: p,p′-DDT, p,p′-DDE, and p,p′-DDD) and IGF-I in pre-pubertal male children (6-15 years; p = 0.043). Conclusion: These findings suggest that OC-DDTs could modulate the IGF-system in a way that is highly influenced by gender and age. Improvements in our understanding of exogenous determinants of the IGF-system may provide new insights into the role played by environmental contaminants in IGF-related diseases. © 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Cardiovascular risk factors and non-invasive assessment of subclinical atherosclerosis in youth; Our understanding of the natural history of atherosclerosis in childhood and its response to cardiovascular (CV) risk factor reduction have been hampered by the lack of a reliable, non-invasive measure of atherosclerosis. Carotid intima media thickness (IMT), a surrogate marker of atherosclerosis in adults, is increased in youth heterozygous for familial hypercholesterolemia (FH) and declines with lipid lowering pharmacotherapy. The age at which vascular changes can be reliably identified using IMT and the influence of CV risk factors beyond FH on IMT remains unclear. Objective: To examine the influence of demographic, family history, anthropometric characteristics and traditional CV risk factors on IMT in children 5-16 years of age (mean age 11 year). Methods: In a cross-sectional study, we assessed IMT in 148 children (51 with elevated low density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol, 44 with overweight and 53 controls). Measures included: family history of premature coronary heart disease (CHD), physical activity, pubertal stage, smoking history, fasting glucose, insulin, lipid profile, apolipoproteins A1 and B, anthropometry, blood pressure and IMT. Results: The groups were similar for age and family history of premature CHD. Compared to controls, average maximum IMT (0.403 ± 0.04 vs 0.387 ± 0.029) and average mean IMT were elevated in the hyperlipidemia group (p < 0.05), but not in the overweight group (max IMT 0.393 ± 0.034; p vs control = 0.17). Using multiple regression modelling, age, family history of premature CHD and apoliprotein A1 and B predicted 17% of the variability in IMT. No measure of adiposity predicted IMT. Conclusion: Age is an important predictor of IMT in youth. Among traditional CV risk factors, dyslipidemia and family history of premature CHD are independent predictors of IMT. © 2009 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Adiponectin levels, cardiometabolic risk factors and markers of subclinical atherosclerosis in children; Background: Low levels of adiponectin have been associated with metabolic risk factors (RF) and cardiac disease. Minimal data is available about the relationship between adiponectin and subclinical atherosclerosis. Objectives: To determine the relationship of adiponectin to cardiometabolic RF, C-reactive protein (CRP), anthropometric parameters of obesity, and subclinical atherosclerosis in children. Methods: Cross-sectional study in 103 children. We determined body mass index (BMI), waist circumference, percent fat mass, systolic and diastolic blood pressures, fasting lipid profile, glycemia and insulinemia, and CRP. Subclinical atherosclerosis was determined by carotid intima-media thickness (IMT) and flow-mediated dilation of the brachial artery (FMD). Results: Mean age of the group was 12.4 ± 1.9 years (47% girls; 20.4% prepubertal; 45 eutrophic, 23 overweight and 35 obese). Adiponectin levels were not statistically significantly different in eutrophic children versus obese + overweight: 17.7 ± 5.6 and 15.9 ± 5.3 μg/mL, respectively. Adiponectin levels in boys were no different from those in girls. Adiponectin correlated significantly with age, BMI, zBMI, waist circumference, systolic and diastolic blood pressures, HDL, insulinemia, and HOMA index. No statistically significant association with adiponectin was found for CRP, FMD or IMT. After adjusting by sex, pubertal status, and degree of obesity, the adiponectin levels associated significantly with HDL cholesterol and the HOMA index (r2 = 0.34, p < 0.0001). Conclusions: Adiponectin levels were inversely correlated with anthropometric parameters of obesity and insulin resistance and directly correlated with HDL levels. However, no relationship with subclinical atherosclerosis was demonstrated in this study. © 2008 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Relationships between critical period of estrogen exposure and circulating levels of insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) in breast cancer: Evidence from a case-control study; Epidemiological observations suggest that insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I), a potent mitogenic and anti-apoptotic peptide, plays a role in the etiology of breast cancer. Estrogen, which is crucial in breast carcinogenesis, both regulates and is influenced by IGF-I family. A case-control study was conducted to assess the role of IGF-I as a biomarker for breast cancer and to evaluate the potential joint effect of circulating IGF-I and critical period of estrogen exposure, as estimated by the interval between age at menarche and age at first full-term pregnancy on the risk of breast cancer. Questionnaire information and blood samples were taken before treatment from 297 incident cases with breast cancer and 593 controls admitted for health examination at the Tri-Service General Hospital, Taipei between 2004 and 2006. Plasma levels of IGF-I and IGFBP-3 were measured by immunoradiometric assay. Conditional logistic regression was used to calculate odds ratios (ORs) and their 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Our case-control data indicate that breast cancer risk related to IGF-I differs according to menopausal status. High circulating levels of IGF-I increased risk of pre- but not postmenopausal breast cancer (top vs. bottom tertile, adjusted OR, 1.86; 95% CI, 1.01-3.44). Furthermore, elevated IGF-I concentrations in conjunction with prolonged interval of critical period of estrogen exposure were associated with significantly increased risk of breast cancer, particularly among estrogen-positive cases (adjusted OR, 2.42, 95% CI, 1.33-4.38). These results suggest that the joint effect of IGF-I and estrogens may provide novel methods of breast cancer risk reduction among women. © 2009 UICC. ER  - 
Insulin-mediated acceleration of breast cancer development and progression in a nonobese model of type 2 diabetes; Epidemiologic studies suggest that type 2 diabetes (T2D) increases breast cancer risk and mortality, but there is limited experimental evidence supporting this association. Moreover, there has not been any definition of a pathophysiological pathway that diabetes may use to promote tumorigenesis. In the present study, we used the MKR mouse model of T2D to investigate molecular mechanisms that link T2D to breast cancer development and progression. MKR mice harbor a transgene encoding a dominant-negative, kinase-dead human insulin-like growth factor-I receptor (IGF-IR) that is expressed exclusively in skeletal muscle, where it acts to inactivate endogenous insulin receptor (IR) and IGF-IR. Although lean female MKR mice are insulin resistant and glucose intolerant, displaying accelerated mammary gland development and enhanced phosphorylation of IR/IGF-IR and Akt in mammary tissue, in the context of three different mouse models of breast cancer, these metabolic abnormalities were found to accelerate the development of hyperplastic precancerous lesions. Normal or malignant mammary tissue isolated from these mice exhibited increased phosphorylation of IR/ IGF-IR and Akt, whereas extracellular signal-regulated kinase 1/2 phosphorylation was largely unaffected. Tumor-promoting effects of T2D in the models were reversed by pharmacological blockade of IR/IGF-IR signaling by the small-molecule tyrosine kinase inhibitor BMS-536924. Our findings offer compelling experimental evidence that T2D accelerates mammary gland development and carcinogenesis,and that the IR and/or the IGF-IR are major mediators of these effects. ©2010 AACR. ER  - 
Acanthosis Nigricans Identifies Youth at High Risk for Metabolic Abnormalities; Objective: To determine the prevalence of abnormal glucose homeostasis and cardiovascular risk factors in youth with acanthosis nigricans (AN). Study design: Youth (8-14 years) were recruited from community pediatric offices. Each subject underwent a questionnaire, a targeted physical examination, and an oral glucose tolerance test. Results: Subjects (n = 236) with AN of the neck (AN+) (60% Hispanic, 30% African American, 54% female, body mass index [BMI] z-score 2.3 kg/m2) and 51 youth without AN (65% Hispanic, 22% African American, 37% female, BMI z-score 2.1 kg/m2) completed the study. Twenty-nine percent of the AN+ group had abnormal glucose homeostasis, 27% had systolic blood pressure > 95th percentile, and 50% had high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol ≤5th percentile. Once corrected for sex, puberty, maternal education, and BMI z-score, AN remained significantly associated with insulin resistance and abnormal glucose homeostasis. For youth in the AN+ group, homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance, female sex, and positive glutamic acid decarboxylase antibodies remained significantly and independently associated with impaired glucose tolerance. Conclusions: Youth in the AN+ group had severe insulin resistance, and more than 1 in 4 already had abnormal glucose homeostasis. AN identified a high-risk population, for whom appropriate interventions have the potential to attenuate or even prevent the development of diabetes and further metabolic abnormalities. © 2010 Mosby, Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Dose-dependent relationship between severity of pediatric obesity and blunting of the growth hormone response to exercise; In children, exercise modulates systemic anabolism, muscle growth, and overall physiological development through the growth hormone (GH)-insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) axis. GH secretion, at rest and during exercise, changes with age and maturational status and can be blunted by hyperlipidemia and obesity, with possible negative effects on physiological growth. However, little is known about the effect of progressively more severe pediatric obesity on the GH response to exercise and its relationship to pubertal status. We therefore studied 48 early- or late-pubertal obese children [body mass index (BMI) >95th percentile, separated in tertiles with progressively greater BMI] and 42 matched controls (BMI <85th percentile), who performed ten 2-min cycling bouts at ∼80% of maximal O2 consumption, separated by 1-min rest intervals. Plasma GH and IGF-I were measured at baseline and end exercise. GH responses were systematically blunted in obese children, with more pronounced blunting paralleling increasing BMI. Although overall the GH response to exercise was greater in late-pubertal than in younger children, this blunting pattern was observed in early- and late-pubertal children. Our results reveal insight into the interaction between pediatric obesity and key modulators of physiological growth and development and underscore the necessity of optimizing physical activity strategies for specific pediatric dysmetabolic conditions. Copyright © 2010 the American Physiological Society. ER  - 
The efficacy and safety of gonadotropin-releasing hormone analog treatment in childhood and adolescence: A single center, long-term follow-up study; Objective: The objective of the study was to evaluate the long-term effect of GnRH analog (GnRHa) treatment on final height (FH), body mass index (BMI), body composition, bone mineral density (BMD), and ovarian function. Subjects/Methods: Ninety-two females, evaluated in adulthood, were categorized as follows: group A, 47 girls with idiopathic central precocious puberty (33 GnRHa treated and 14 nontreated); group B, 24 girls with isolated GH deficiency (15 GnRHa and GH treated and nine GH treated); group C, 21 girls with idiopathic short stature (seven GnRHa and GH treated, seven GnRHa treated, and seven nontreated). Results: FH, BMD, and percent fat mass of GnRHa-treated patients in all three groups were comparable with those of the respective nontreated subjects. BMI values of GnRHa-treated and nontreated subjects in groups A and C were comparable, whereas in group B, a higher BMI was found in subjects treated only with GH. Nontreated patients with ICPP had greater maximal ovarian volumes, higher LH and LH to FSH ratio, and more severe hirsutism than GnRHa-treated ones. Menstrual cycle characteristics were not different between treated and nontreated subjects. The prevalence of polycystic ovary syndrome in treated and untreated girls with ICPP was comparable, whereas in the entire cohort, it was 11.1% in GnRHa treated and 32.1% in the untreated (P = 0.02). Conclusions: Girls treated in childhood with GnRHa have normal BMI, BMD, body composition, and ovarian function in early adulthood. FH is not increased in girls with ICPP in whom GnRHa was initiated at about 8 yr. There is no evidence that GnRHa treatment predisposes to polycystic ovary syndrome or menstrual irregularities. Copyright © 2010 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Unilateral ovarian enlargement in adolescents with polycystic ovary syndrome: A variant of bilateral disease; Aims: To evaluate clinical, biochemical and radiological features in adolescent females with unilateral polycystic ovary (UniPCO) versus bilateral polycystic ovary (BiPCO) in patients with polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS), and to compare the association of insulin resistance (IR) and metabolic syndrome (MS) between the two groups. Setting: Pediatric endocrine clinic. Methods: A retrospective chart review of girls with the diagnosis of PCOS was performed. They were divided into two groups: PCOS with UniPCO and BiPCO. Results: No difference was seen between the two groups in regard to clinical parameters. LH/FSH ratio was significantly higher in patients with BiPCO. No difference was seen in free testosterone, lipids, MS or IR between groups. Ultrasound showed a mean ovarian volume, of 13.2 ± 1.5 ml on the affected side in UniPCO and 16.1 ± 1.2 ml in BiPCO. Ovarian follicle location was mostly peripheral in both UniPCO and BiPCO. Multiple follicles were found in the majority of cases. IR and MS were present in 40% of girls with UniPCO and 38% and 23%, respectively, in girls with BiPCO. Conclusion: UniPCO may be a forerunner of BiPCO and may represent an early point along the continuum. Later, the unaffected ovary continues to increase in volume, resulting in BiPCO. Metabolic abnormalities of patients with UniPCO highlights that as well as being a precursor of BiPCO, it also imparts considerable health risks. © Freund Publishing House Ltd.,. ER  - 
Insulin Resistance is Improved in Overweight African American Boys but Not in Girls Following a One-Year Multidisciplinary Community Intervention Program; Aim: To assess potential for effectiveness, in a non-randomized pilot study, of a communitybased lifestyle intervention program to reduce the risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus in overweight African American (AA) children. Research design: Sample of 165 9-11 year-old AA children with body mass index (BMI) >85th percentile were recruited from local recreational sites, schools and churches. Participants self-selected to attend one of two study sites, blinded to the specifics of the intervention administered at each site. The intervention group received a programmatically focused 2-week summer camp with once-aweek community-based exercise, nutrition, and behavioral modification sessions, and their families were invited to monthly nutrition educational sessions. Control group participants received a 2-week conventional YMCA summer camp and their families received nutrition and physical activity education material through the mail. Baseline assessment and 1-year follow-up were conducted in collaboration with the YMCA of the East Bay and Children's Hospital Oakland, CA, with 109 participants (66%) having pre/post data. Results: After one-year of intervention, treatment boys showed a drop in homeostasis model assessment of insulin-resistance (HOMA-IR) (-0.58 vs +0.17; p = 0.003), fasting glucose (Gf, mg/dL) (mean change: -2.9 vs +0.4; p = 0.126) and fasting insulin (If, μU/mL) (-2.2 vs +0.7; p = 0.009) compared to control boys, after accounting for baseline differences and pubertal stage of the child. Treatment girls had similar changes to the control girls in HOMAIR (-0.02 vs -0.17; p = 0.66), Gf (-0.3 vs +1.4; p = 0.29) and If (+0.03 vs +0.17; p = 0.57). Conclusion: After one year, this communitybased intervention program effectively improved insulin resistance and thus reduced risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus in overweight AA boys but did not change the risk in girls compared to control children. © Freund Publishing House Ltd. ER  - 
Occurrence of microalbuminuria in young people with Type 1 diabetes: Importance of age and diabetes duration; Aims To determine the occurrence of microalbuminuria in young people with Type 1 diabetes mellitus followed prospectively for 2 years and to relate the presence of persistent elevations in urinary albumin excretion (UAE) to age, diabetes duration, puberty and other factors. Methods During a 2 year period, random urine samples were obtained from 471 patients, aged 8-18 years (mean ±sd 12.9 ± 2.3 years) with Type 1 diabetes duration 5.6 ± 3.0 years, as part of routine clinical care. Urine albumin and creatinine concentrations were measured in 1310 samples (median, 3 samples per patient) and the albumin:creatinine ratio was calculated (in micrograms albumin per milligram creatinine). Height, weight, blood pressure (BP), glycated haemoglobin (HbA<inf>1c</inf>), blood glucose monitoring frequency and Tanner staging were collected from patients' medical records. Results Twenty-three per cent of patients had one or more sample with elevated UAE (≥20 μg/mg) and 9.3% had persistent elevations (≥2 samples ≥20 μg/mg). Those with and without persistent microalbuminuria did not differ significantly in age, diabetes duration, z-score for body mass index, pubertal status or BP percentile. Ten per cent of children <13 years old and 9% of children ≥13 years old had persistent microalbuminuria. Persistent microalbuminuria was significantly associated with diabetes duration only in older children (duration 0.5-3 years, 4%; 4-6 years, 8%; ≥7 years, 14%; P = 0.02, trend test). Mean HbA <inf>1c</inf> over the 2 years was 8.7 ± 1.2%. In a logistic regression model, mean HbA<inf>1c</inf> was the only significant predictor of persistent microalbuminuria (odds ratio 1.3, 95% confidence interval 1.0-1.6, P = 0.05). Conclusions Microalbuminuria in older children with Type 1 diabetes is likely to be clinically significant. In younger children, it may reflect functional, reversible renal changes. Longitudinal analysis is needed to confirm the probable transient nature of microalbuminuria in young patients with Type 1 diabetes. © 2010 Diabetes UK. ER  - 
One-year follow-up of untreated obese white children and adolescents with impaired glucose tolerance: High conversion rate to normal glucose tolerance; Aims Impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) is regarded at risk factor for later diabetes. The aim of this study was to identify predictive factors for outcome of IGT in obese children and adolescents. Methods We prospectively examined 79 obese white children and adolescents (mean age 13.1 ± 2.1 years, 51% female, 76% pubertal) with IGT. Anthropometrics, 2-h glucose in oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), fasting glucose, insulin, insulin resistance index homeostasis model assessment (HOMA), glycated haemoglobin (HbA<inf>1c</inf>), lipids, blood pressure, waist circumference and pubertal stage were determined at baseline and 1 year later. Results At follow-up, 32% of the children continued to have IGT, 66% converted to normal glucose metabolism, one child had impaired fasting glucose and one child developed Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Children with improvement of IGT had significantly lower weight, waist circumference, triglycerides, 2-h glucose during OGTT and HbA<inf>1c</inf> at baseline compared with children who continued to have IGT. In the children whose glucose tolerance became normal, weight fell, and serum insulin concentrations, HOMA, lipids and blood pressure improved. They were also more likely to enter the late or post-pubertal stage than children who continued to have IGT. Conclusions Predictive factors for the frequent normalization of IGT in obese children and adolescents were lower weight, HbA<inf>1c</inf> and 2-h glucose levels in OGTT at baseline, as well as a reduction of weight and entering late puberty stages during follow-up. Cardiovascular risk factors and HOMA improved along with the improvement of IGT, supporting an association between IGT, insulin resistance and features of the metabolic syndrome. © 2010 Diabetes UK. ER  - 
Sexual dysfunction in subjects with Klinefelter's syndrome; While the association of Klinefelter's Syndrome (KS) with infertility is well-known, very few investigations have evaluated the prevalence of sexual dysfunction in KS. The aim of the present study was to systematically analyse the prevalence of KS in a consecutive series of adult male patients consulting for sexual problems and to investigate its specific correlates. Among a consecutive series of 1386 men (mean age 48.9 ± 12.7 years old), 23 (1.7%) subjects with KS were found. Patients with KS were younger and more often hypogonadal when compared with the rest of the sample. Among patients with KS, five (22.7%) subjects reported severe erectile dysfunction, 14 (60.9%) hypoactive sexual desire (HSD), two (9.5%) premature and two (9.5%) delayed ejaculation. Only the association between KS and HSD was confirmed after adjustment for age [HR = 3.2 (1.37-7.5)], however, when patients with KS were compared with age, smoking habit, and testosterone matched controls, even the association between KS with HSD disappeared. In comparison to matched hypogonadal controls, subjects with KS had lower levels of education, a higher frequency of cryptorchidism and poorer pubertal progression. In conclusion, our results indicate that sexual dysfunction present in KS is not specifically associated with the syndrome but is caused by the underlying hypogonadal state. Further studies are needed to evaluate the efficacy of testosterone substitution in ameliorating the hypoactive sexual desire often reported in subjects with KS. © 2010 European Academy of Andrology. ER  - 
Initial insulin therapy in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus; Objective: The aim of the study was to define parameters that influence the initial insulin dosage in young subjects with type 1 diabetes regarding the amount of daily insulin, the ratios of basal and prandial insulin, and the insulin/carbohydrate ratios.Study design: We used a computer-based registry (with prospectively collected data) in Germany and Austria, a software for the management and data documentation of diabetic patients (DPV), to analyze the initial insulin therapy in 2247 children with newly diagnosed type 1 diabetes to identify factors that influence diabetes therapy within the first 10 d.Results: For both genders, glucosylated hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), blood pH at diabetes onset, and pubertal status are the major factors determining the initial insulin dosage calculated as the amount of daily insulin per kilogram body weight (kg), the basal and prandial insulin dose per kilogram, and day and the insulin/carbohydrate ratios for meals. The frequency of hypoglycemia correlated with increasing quotient of applied to calculated insulin dosage.Conclusion: The predictive factors of insulin requirement may exert beneficial effects on the assessment and adjustment of insulin therapy in young diabetic subjects at disease onset. On the basis of a multiple, linear regression, we suggest a formula to calculate the initial insulin therapy. © 2009 John Wiley & Sons A/S. ER  - 
High prevalence of polycystic ovary syndrome in women born small for gestational age; Background: There is evidence that intrauterine growth restriction, resulting in newborn girls that are small for gestational age (SGA), may be related to the onset of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Thus, we studied whether women born SGA have a higher prevalence of PCOS than women born appropriate for gestational age (AGA). Methods: This was a prospective birth cohort study of 384 women born at term between June 1, 1978, and May 31, 1979, in Ribeirão Preto, Brazil. After exclusion, 165 women effectively participated in this study, of whom 43 were SGA and 122 were AGA. The prevalence of PCOS was analysed. At a mean age of 29 years, the women agreed to follow the study protocol, which included: anamnesis, physical examination, serum tests [follicle stimulating hormone, luteinizing hormone, total and free testosterone, dehydroepiandrostenedione sulphate, 17-OH-progesterone, fasting insulin, sex steroid-binding globulin (SHBG) and fasting glucose] and pelvic ultrasound. Data regarding gestational age, birthweight, age at menarche and maternal data were obtained from the files of the cohort. The adjusted relative risk (RR) values of the SGA, insulin resistance, body mass index, maternal smoking and parity variables were analysed using Poisson regression with robust adjustment of variance for the prediction of PCOS. Results: The prevalence of PCOS was higher in the SGA group than in the AGA group [adjusted RR = 2.44, 95 CI (1.39-4.28)]. Hyperandrogenism was more prevalent in the SGA women than in the AGA women (P = 0.011). Circulating SHBG was lower in the SGA women than in the AGA women (P = 0.041), but fasting insulinemia was similar in both groups. Conclusions: The prevalence of PCOS in SGA women was twice as high as in AGA women in our study population. © 2010 The Author. ER  - 
Determinants of changes in linear growth and body composition in incident pediatric Crohn's disease; Background & Aims: Pediatric Crohn's disease (CD) is associated with growth, lean mass (LM), and fat mass (FM) deficits. This study assessed and identified determinants of changes in height and body composition in children with CD following. Methods: Whole-body LM and FM were assessed using dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry in 78 CD subjects at diagnosis, 6, 12, and a median of 43 months (range, 24-63) later. Race- and sex-specific Z scores for lean mass (LM-ht-Z) and fat mass (FM-ht-Z) relative to height were derived using reference data in >900 controls. Serum cytokines and growth factors were measured, and quasi-least squares regression was used to identify determinants of changes in height and body composition. Results: LM-ht-Z and FM-ht-Z (both P < .005) improved significantly after diagnosis; however, female patients had persistent LM deficits vs controls (-0.50 ± 1.02, P < .05). Serum interleukin-6, tumor necrosis factor-α, and lipopolysaccharide binding protein decreased significantly (all P < .001). Greater increases in LM-ht-Z were associated with infliximab therapy (P < .05), increases in albumin (P < .001) and decreases in erythrocyte sedimentation rate (P < .05), interleukin-6 (P < .005), and lipopolysaccharide binding protein (P < .05). Greater increases in FM-ht-Z were associated with glucocorticoid, methotrexate, and infliximab therapy, and increases in albumin (P < .05) and growth hormone binding protein (P < .05). Overall, height-Z did not improve; however, greater increases in insulin-like growth factor-1 (P < .05) and decreases in tumor necrosis factor-α (P < .05), interleukin-6 (P < .05), and lipopolysaccharide binding protein (P < .05) levels were associated with increases in height-Z. Conclusions: Immune-mediated mechanisms contribute to growth and body composition deficits in CD. Therapies should target these deficits. © 2010 AGA Institute. ER  - 
Menstrual cycle irregularities and their relationship with HbA1c and insulin dose in adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus; Objective: To evaluate the prevalence and risk factors of menstrual cycle irregularities in adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus. Design: Prospective diary of menstrual cycle. Setting: Pediatric diabetes clinics and nearby schools. Patient(s): Adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus treated with multiple daily insulin doses (n = 56) and 56 healthy adolescents. Main Outcome Measure(s): Duration and variability of menstrual cycle. Result(s): Duration of the menstrual cycle was 48 ± 39 and 32 ± 7 days in girls with type 1 diabetes mellitus and controls, respectively. Oligomenorrhea (58.9% vs. 19.6%) and amenorrhea (10.7% vs. 1.8%) were more prevalent in girls with type 1 diabetes mellitus than in controls. Oligomenorrhea was observed in 53.3% of the girls with type 1 diabetes mellitus with optimal metabolic control. Girls with an HbA1c level of 7.6% to 8.9% exhibited increased cycle duration, menstrual cycle variability, and prevalence of oligomenorrhea compared with controls. Regression analysis showed that, for each point of increase in HbA1c, the menstrual cycle duration increased by 5.1 days. Cycle variability was associated with a higher daily insulin dose. Conclusion(s): Despite optimal metabolic control, a higher prevalence of oligomenorrhea was observed in girls with type 1 diabetes mellitus compared with controls. This is the first report to describe the high variability of the menstrual cycle in type 1 diabetes mellitus. HbA1c and insulin dose are important factors related to menstrual irregularities in type 1 diabetes mellitus. Copyright © 2010 American Society for Reproductive Medicine, Published by Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Retrospective assessment of growth monitoring of subjects born between 1989-1991; Introduction: Systematically taken measurements of body length, and - after 18 months of life - height, facilitate the correct monitoring of the course of physical development in children and teenagers. Measuring body mass only is incorrect and may lead to a faulty evaluation of the patient's condition. Aim of study: Assessment of frequency of measurements of body mass and height during the developmental period among students born between 1989-1991. Material and methods: For 109 subjects (52% women), age 20.0±1.0 year, range 19.1-23.8 years of age, measurements at birth, duration of the mother's pregnancy and frequency of measurements of body mass and weight until the 18th year of life. Results: The frequency of measurements of body length and height was the highest during the 1st and 2nd year of life, on average every 3 months during the 1st year and every 6 months during the 2nd year. However, during the 1st year as many as 1/3 of children were assessed incorrectly by having only their body mass measured. During the 2nd year, regardless of body mass at birth, measurements were taken more frequently than during the 1st year, which may suggest inadequate preparation of the medical personnel to take measurements of the baby's body length. Measurements of body height and even body mass during puberty and the growth spurt were carried out in a far too small percentage of subjects. Conclusions: 1. Body mass measurements are all too frequently not accompanied by measurements of body length or height, with the result that the physician is unable to assess the child's growth pattern. 2. Measurements of body height and mass were taken too infrequently during childhood and puberty, which in many cases makes it impossible to assess the subject's physical development. ER  - 
Lifestyle diseases in developmental age - The metabolic syndrome in Lodz children in puberty period; Aim. The aim of the study was to answer the question if in children with body mass excess metabolic syndrome or its' elements can be diagnosed. Patients and methods. The research covered 132 children with body mass excess, aged 10-15 years, who had anthropometric measurements. Blood pressure measurement was taken. High-density lipoprotein cholesterol and triglycerides and fasting serum glucose level have been marked. Results. Simple obesity was diagnosed in 94 children; the other 38 patients were identified with overweight, while 111 of them had waist circumference ≥ 90 pc. Hypertriglyceridemia was seen in 48/132 patients, while often higher concentrations of triglycerides were noted in patients with obesity. Reduced concentration of HDL-cholesterol ≤ 40 mg/dl was observed in 22/132 patients. Blood pressure above 90 pc (for age, gender and height) was obtained in 78/132 children. On the basis of the criteria NCEP / ATP III, there was diagnosed metabolic syndrome (3 or 4 components) in 42/132 (31,81%) of patients in the analyzed group, but next 46/132 of children were found to have both 2 components of this syndrome. Conclusions. Metabolic syndrome was diagnosed in 32% children with body mass excess. Discrete single elements of metabolic syndrome, elicited in almost all overweighed or obese children may determine early symptom of metabolic disturbances leading to initiation of this syndrome. Results of this study indicate the urgent necessity in introduction of early prevention of metabolic syndrome, particularly body mass excess, by general education concerning appropriate nutrition and physical activity. © 2010 by Polskie Towarzystwo Pediatryczne. ER  - 
Determinant factors of insufficient and excessive gestational weight gain and maternal-child adverse outcomes; Objective: To estimate the magnitude and determinant factors of insufficient and excessive gestational weight gain (GWG) and its relation with maternal-child adverse outcomes. Methods: This was a prospective study with 173 pregnant women and their newborns monitored at a primary health care facility in Rio de Janeiro. Multinomial regression models were employed, having as the outcome the adequacy of GWG (insufficient, adequate, or excessive). Covariables were classified as biological, socioeconomic, reproductive, behavioral, and nutritional. Results: Forty-one percent of pregnant women had insufficient GWG and 22.0% had excessive GWG. Pregestational overweight was associated with insufficient GWG (odds ratio [OR] 0.19, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.05-0.78), and pregestational obesity was associated with excessive GWG (OR 4.66, 95% CI 1.34-19.08). Also associated with insufficient GWG were a stature <157 cm (OR 2.25, 95% CI 1.03-4.93) and ages 25-29 y (OR 3.70, 95% CI 1.26-10.84) and ≥30 y (OR 2.88, 95% CI 1.13-7.35) compared with the reference group (18-24 y). Age <12 y at menarche (OR 4.97, 95% CI 1.51-16.30) and being a former smoker (OR 5.18, 95% CI 1.62-16.52) demonstrated an association with excessive GWG compared with non-smokers (reference group). Sixty percent of pregnant women with excessive GWG delivered by cesarean section compared with 39.8% with adequate or insufficient GWG (P < 0.05). Prevalence of macrosomia in the excessive GWG group was 23.5% compared with 4.5% for pregnant women with insufficient GWG (P < 0.001). Conclusion: Different determinant factors related to insufficient and excessive GWG were observed, which can be identified in the beginning of pregnancy, thus predicting unfavorable gestational outcomes. An increased percentage of women presented GWGs outside recommended levels. © 2010 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
A new link between skeleton, obesity and insulin resistance: Relationships between osteocalcin, leptin and insulin resistance in obese children before and after weight loss; Background:The skeleton is regarded recently as an endocrine organ that affects energy metabolism. However, there are very limited data available concerning the relationships between the osteoblast-derived hormone osteocalcin, weight status, adiponectin and leptin in obese humans, especially in children.Methods:We analyzed osteocalcin, adiponectin, leptin and insulin resistance (IR) index homeostasis model assessment (HOMA) in 60 obese and 19 age-and gender-matched normal weight children. Furthermore, these parameters were determined in 60 obese children after participating in an outpatient 1-year lifestyle intervention based on exercise, behavior and nutrition therapy.Results:Sixty obese children had significantly lower osteocalcin levels (26.8±0.8 ng ml-1) than 19 normal weight controls (32.2±2.3 ng ml-1). Boys (29.9±1.1 ng ml-1) showed significantly (P=0.046) higher osteocalcin levels compared with girls (26.4±1.2 ng ml-1). In stepwise multiple linear regression analysis adjusted for age, gender and pubertal stage, osteocalcin was significantly negatively related to leptin and HOMA, but not to adiponectin. Changes of osteocalcin in the course of 1 year correlated significantly negatively with changes of IR index HOMA (r0.25), standard deviation score-body mass index (SDS-BMI) (r=-0.33) and leptin (r=-0.50). Substantial weight loss in 29 obese children led to a significant increase in osteocalcin and a significant decrease in leptin and HOMA. In 31 obese children without substantial weight loss, osteocalcin levels did not change significantly in the course of 1 year.Conclusion:Osteocalcin levels were lower in obese children and were related to IR and leptin both in cross-sectional and longitudinal analyses. Therefore, osteocalcin might be a new promising link between obesity and IR. © 2010 Macmillan Publishers Limited All rights reserved. ER  - 
Association between metabolic syndrome and liver histology among children with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; Objectives: Nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) is considered the hepatic manifestation of metabolic syndrome (MetS) among adults. Emerging data suggest that MetS may be associated with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in children as well. We sought to determine whether MetS or its component features are associated with specific histological features or severity of NAFLD. Methods: Children and adolescents aged 6-17 years enrolled in the Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis Clinical Research Network (NASH CRN) with clinical data obtained within 6 months of liver biopsy were included. MetS was defined as the presence of three or more of the following features as determined by application of age-adjusted normative values: central obesity, dyslipidemia, impaired fasting glucose, and elevated blood pressure. Liver biopsies were evaluated by the Pathology Committee of the NASH CRN. Results: Two hundred fifty four children were included in the analysis, of whom 65 (26%) met specified criteria for MetS. Among children with MetS, there is a higher proportion of females who were on average older in age and pubertal. The risk of MetS was greatest among those with severe steatosis (odds ratio (OR)2.58 for grade 3 vs. grade 1 steatosis, P>0.001). The presence of hepatocellular ballooning was also significantly associated with MetS (OR2.10, P>0.03). Those with advanced fibrosis (stage 3/4) had an OR for MetS of 3.21 (P>0.04) vs. those without fibrosis (stage 0). Borderline zone 1 or definite NASH patterns compared with not NASH were strongly associated with MetS (OR4.44, P>0.005 and OR4.07, P>0.002, respectively). The mean NAFLD Activity Score (NAS) was greater among children with MetS vs. those without (4.8 1.4 vs. 4.3 1.4, P>0.01). Central obesity was significantly associated with steatosis, fibrosis, hepatocellular ballooning, and NAFLD pattern. Insulin resistance was significantly associated with steatosis, fibrosis, hepatocellular ballooning, NAS, and NAFLD pattern. Conclusions: MetS is common among children with NAFLD and is associated with severity of steatosis, hepatocellular ballooning, NAS, NAFLD pattern, and the presence of advanced fibrosis. Individual MetS features, particularly central obesity and insulin resistance, were also associated with severity of NAFLD. MetS features should be considered in children with NAFLD as individually and collectively they help identify children with more advanced disease. © 2010 by the American College of Gastroenterology. ER  - 
Bone status in adolescents with type 1 diabetes; Aims: The aim of the study was to investigate the potential negative impact of type 1 diabetes on bone status of adolescents. Bone status in adolescents with type 1 diabetes was assessed by means of quantitative ultrasound (QUS) and the influence of metabolic control and other disease-related and growth variables was analysed. Methods: Group I consisted of 99 pubertal (Tanner 2) adolescents (49 female), aged 14.3∈±∈2.5 years, diabetes duration 4.6∈±∈2.3 years. Controls (group II) were 297 children, matched by sex and age, from a healthy population. The influence of glycated haemoglobin (current: HbA1cD; last year's mean: HbA 1cY; whole duration mean: HbA1cT), diabetes duration, percentage of life with disease and daily insulin requirement (DIR) on amplitude dependent speed of sound (Ad-SoS) at distal phalanges was studied. Results: In comparison to the control group, adolescents with type 1 diabetes presented significantly higher BMI SDS (0.82 [95% CI 0.54, 1.10] vs -0.06 [95% CI -0.16, 0.04] p∈<∈0.001) and lower Ad-SoS SDS (-0.34 [95% CI -0.57, -0.11] vs -0.03 [95% CI -0.15, 0.08], p∈<∈0.05). No correlation between Ad-SoS SDS and sex, DIR or diabetes duration was observed. The lower Ad-SoS SDS reflects reduced bone status, and the reduction was significantly more marked in those patients whose HbA1cT was higher than 7.0% when compared with those whose HbA1cT was lower. Conclusions: Bone status of adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus assessed with QUS differs from that of healthy peers and is dependent on long-term metabolic control. © 2010 Springer-Verlag. ER  - 
Epidemiological study of endometrial cancer in Beijing; OBJECTIVE: To explore risk factors of endometrial cancer in Beijing, and finally find out evidence upon which decisions can be made for preventive activities. METHODS:Case control study. Eligible case patients (n = 421) were Beijing residents who were for the first time diagnosed of endometrial carcinoma from Jan. 1 2001 to Dec. 31 2002, and who were still accessible in the mean time. Each case was compared to 3 controls matched on age and residence. RESULTS: The age of the patients ranged from 22 to 84 with the mean of 56.83. A total of 60.8% of the patients were postmenopausal at diagnoses. Univariate analyses by Chi-square tests found the following parameters which had a statistically significant association with endometrial cancer: occupation, income, passive smoking, alcohol consumption, body mass index (BMI), menstrual, and reproductive status, contraception, Hormone replace therapy (HRT) and tamoxifen use, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, infertility, endometriosis, removal of unilateral ovary, family history of endometrial cancer and ovarian cancer. CONCLUSIONS: Endometrial cancer incidence in Beijing has a slow but steady rise. The incidence in urban areas is nearly twice as high as that of the suburbs. The following parameters are found to be independent risk factors of endometrial cancer:early age at menarche, obesity, diabetes, family history of endometrial cancer. ER  - 
Leptin concentrations are a predictor of overweight reduction in a lifestyle intervention; Objective. Leptin resistance is discussed to be involved in the genesis of obesity. Therefore, we hypothesized that leptin levels were negatively associated with degree of weight loss in obese children participating in a lifestyle intervention. Methods. We studied 248 obese children aged 814 years attending the "Obeldicks" lifestyle intervention (mean age 10.6±0.2 years, 53% female, 48% pubertal, mean body mass index (BMI) 27.8±0.3 kg/m2, and mean standard deviation score [SDS]-BMI 2.43±0.03). Baseline leptin concentrations were correlated with change of weight status, waist circumference, and percentage body fat, as calculated from skinfold measurements in the one-year intervention by Pearson correlation and multiple linear regression analyses. Furthermore, the relationship between leptin and cardiovascular risk factors (insulin, insulin resistance index HOMA, blood pressure, lipids, and glucose) were analyzed. Results. A total of 212 children (85%) reduced their overweight, 9 children (4%) dropped out, and 27 children (11%) did not reduce their overweight in the lifestyle intervention "Obeldicks". The mean reduction of SDS-BMI was 0.34±0.02. The reduction of SDS-BMI (r=- 0.27), waist circumference (r=- 0.64), and percentage body fat (r=- 0.26) were significantly negatively associated with baseline leptin levels both in univariate analyses and in multiple regression analyses, adjusted to baseline age, BMI, gender and pubertal stage. Baseline leptin concentrations were significantly associated with BMI, pubertal stage, gender, waist circumference, and insulin, but not to any other cardiovascular risk factors in multiple regression analyses. Conclusions. The finding that baseline leptin concentrations were significantly negatively correlated with the degree of weight loss in a lifestyle intervention supports the hypothesis of leptin resistance in obesity. This study is registered at clinicaltrials.gov (NCT00435734). © 2009 Informa UK Ltd All rights reserved. ER  - 
Relationships between reported macronutrient intake and insulin dynamics in a multi-ethnic cohort of early pubertal children; Background. Racial/ethnic differences in the pediatric population in insulin dynamics have been documented. Additionally, girls tend to be more insulin resistant than boys. Although the mechanism driving these differences is unclear, diet may be a contributor. Objective(s). The objective of this study was to evaluate the contribution of reported macronutrient intake on insulin dynamics and determine if diet composition may account for racial/ethnic and sex differences in insulin response/action. Methods. Participants were 250 African- (n=84), European- (n=105), or Hispanic-American (n=61) children 712 years, pubertal stage ≤3. An intravenous glucose tolerance test was used to derive the insulin sensitivity index and acute insulin response to glucose (AIRg) diet by two 24 h recalls, and body composition by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry (DXA). Results. Reported energy intake from fat was positively related to fasting insulin (P < 0.05) and AIRg (P=0.05). Reported energy from carbohydrate was inversely associated with fasting insulin (P < 0.05), and reported energy from protein was inversely associated with AIRg (P < 0.05). The interaction terms between ethnicity and diet, and sex and diet were not significant for any outcome variables. Conclusion. Dietary intake influences insulin dynamics; however, the racial/ethnic and sex differences in insulin dynamics in this population are not accounted for by macronutrient intake. Pubertal status is likely to play a role in the interaction between diet, race/ethnicity, sex and insulin dynamics. Longitudinal studies are needed to determine if the contribution of diet to insulin dynamics strengthens with reproductive maturation. © 2009 Informa UK Ltd All rights reserved. ER  - 
Uric acid is associated with features of insulin resistance syndrome in obese children at prepubertal stage; Elevated plasma uric acid levels are associated with obesity and could be an expression of insulin-resistant state. The aim of the present study was to evaluate plasma uric acid in obese and normal-weight children exclusively at prepubertal stage and its relationship with anthropometric measurements, intake, and features of the insulin resistance syndrome. A study was performed in 34 obese and 20 normal-weight prepubertal children. Nutrient intake was determined using a 72 h recall questionnaire and a consumption food frequency questionnaire. Anthropometric parameters and fasting plasma lipids, glucose, insulin, leptin, adiponectin, tumour necrosis factor (TNF-α) and uric acid were measured. Multiple regression analysis was used to identify association of anthropometric parameters, nutrient intake and insulin resistance syndrome variables (arterial blood pressure, plasma glucose, insulin, homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance index- HOMA- triacylglycerols and, HDL-cholesterol) with uric acid. Plasma uric concentration was significantly higher in the obese group than in the control group and when adjusted by sex, age and BMI was positively associated with tricipital skin-fold and insulin resistance, and negatively with adiponectin. In multiple regression analysis, BMI, HDL-cholesterol and adiponectin were independent predictors of plasma uric acid. In conclusion, elevated levels of uric acid in obese children, compared with lean subjects, at the prepubertal period, seems to be an early metabolic alteration that is associated with other features of insulin resistance syndrome. ER  - 
Adolescent type 1 Diabetes cardio-renal Intervention Trial (AdDIT); Background: The prognosis for young people diagnosed with diabetes during childhood remains poor and this is mainly related to the long-term risk of developing vascular complications.Microalbuminuria identifies subjects at risk for diabetic nephropathy (DN) and cardiovascular disease (CVD). It is often detected in adolescence but is rarely treated before the age of 18 years, as at the end of puberty albumin excretion may decline and in some subjects will return into the normal range. However, evidence indicates that subjects with both transient and persistent microalbuminuria have experienced renal damage during puberty and thus reno-protection to prevent long-term complications is warranted. In adults with diabetes and microalbuminuria, the use of angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors (ACEI) and Statins is increasing, and in order to determine whether these agents are of value in the adolescent population a large randomized controlled clinical trial is needed.Methods/Design: The Adolescent type 1 Diabetes cardio-renal Intervention Trial (AdDIT) is a multi-center, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of ACEI and Statin therapy in adolescents with type 1 diabetes. 500 high-risk adolescents, defined on the basis of their albumin excretion, are randomized to receive either ACEI (Quinapril) or Statins (Atorvastatin) or combination therapy or placebo for 3-4 years. There will also be a parallel open observational study, based on the follow-up of 400 low-risk non-randomized adolescents. The major endpoint of the study is the change in albumin excretion; secondary endpoints include markers of CVD, renal function, retinopathy, quality of life combined with assessment of compliance and potential health economic benefits.Discussion: AdDIT will provide important data on the potential renal and cardiovascular protective effects of ACEI and Statins in high-risk adolescents. Long-term follow-up of the randomized subjects will provide direct evidence of disease outcomes, in addition to the data on early surrogate measures of DN and CVD. Follow-up of non-randomized low-risk subjects will determine the potential impact of intervention on DN and CVD. AdDIT will help to determine whether, in addition to encouraging young people to achieve good glycaemic control, pharmacological cardio-renal protection should also be implemented.EudraCT Number: 2007-001039-72. Trial Registration Number: ISRCTN91419926. © 2009 The Adolescent type 1 Diabetes cardio-renal Intervention Trial Research Group and Dunger; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Macronutrient intakes and cardio metabolic risk factors in high BMI African American children; Background. The aim of this study was to evaluate the relationship between intakes of energy-providing macronutrients, and markers of cardio metabolic risk factors in high BMI African American (AA) children. Methods. A cross sectional analysis of a sample of 9-11 year old children (n = 80) with BMI greater then the 85th percentile. Fasting hematological and biochemical measurements, and blood pressure were measured as selected markers of cardio metabolic risk factors and their relationships to dietary intakes determined. Results. After adjusting for gender, pubertal stage and waist circumference (WC), multivariate regression analysis showed that higher total energy intakes (when unadjusted for source of energy) were associated with higher plasma concentrations of intermediate density lipoprotein cholesterol (IDL-C) and very low density lipoprotein cholesterol (VLDL-C). Higher intakes of carbohydrate energy (fat and protein held constant) were associated with higher IDL-C, VLDL-C, triglycerides (TG) and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). Higher intakes of fat (carbohydrate and protein held constant), however, were associated with lower IDL-C; and higher protein intakes (fat and carbohydrate held constant) were associated with lower HOMA-IR. Conclusion. The specific macronutrients that contribute energy are significantly associated with a wide range of cardio metabolic risk factors in high BMI AA children. Increases in carbohydrate energy were associated with undesirable effects including increases in several classes of plasma lipids and HOMA-IR. Increases in protein energy were associated with the desirable effect of reduced HOMA-IR, and fat energy intakes were associated with the desirable effect of reduced IDL-C. This analysis suggests that the effect of increased energy on risk of developing cardio metabolic risk factors is influenced by the source of that energy. ER  - 
Physical activity and metabolic syndrome in korean children; Little is known about whether lifestyle factors such as dietary intake, physical activity (PA), and cardio/respiratory fitness (CRF) are associated with metabolic risk factors in Korean children. The purpose of the study was to investigate the relationships among those lifestyle-related modifiable factors and the clustering of metabolic risk factors in young Korean children. In a cross-sectional study, we studied 246 Korean children (mean SD; age: 12.6 0.5 years, BMI: 19.9 3.2kg/m2) who were recruited from local elementary schools. In the total study population, physical activity and CRF were inversely associated with metabolic risk factors including body fatness, blood pressures, blood lipids and glucose. Daily caloric intake and proportion of carbohydrates were positively associated with BMI and percent body fat only. Multivariate regression analyses showed that physical activity was independently and inversely associated with the clustering of metabolic risk factors, even after adjustments for age, sex, sexual maturation, dietary intake, and CRF. Overall, the current findings of the study suggest that physical activity rather than CRF and/or dietary intake is an independent predictor for the clustering of metabolic risk factors in Korean children. ER  - 
Interactions of thyroid hormones; Insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1), igf binding proteins, and nutritional anthropometric parameters in school children with goiter detected by palpation; Aim: In the present study we evaluated anthropometric indices, serum thyroid hormones, insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) and IGF- binding proteins (IGFBPs) levels, in children who has palpable goiter at endemic population. We aimed to 1) compare children with palpable goiter with healthy peers, 2) detect interaction of anthropometric indices, serum thyroid hormones, IGF-1 and IGFBPs parameters in both groups 3) evaluate the effects of their nutritional status to these parameters. Subjects and Methods: We performed goiter palpation to 1018 child and found goiter at 81 child. Seventy-three pubertal children were included in this study. Seventy-five healthy children were defined as the control group. Weight and height of all children were measured. Thyroid hormone levels, IGF-1, IGFBP-3, and IGFBP-1 were assessed in both groups. Results: Height and weight SDS were significantly lower in children who had goiter by palpation than healthy peers (p<0.05). Free T4 (FT4) levels were significantly higher in control group than children with palpable goiter (p<0.05). IGF-1 level and IGF-1 SDS were significantly lower in children with palpable goiter (p<0.001), IGFBP3 and IGFBP1 levels were not significantly different between the two groups (p>0.05). Serum IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 levels were significantly lower (p<0.05) in underweight children with goiter than normal weight group. In the presence of goiter, IGF-1 levels were lower (B: 0.97, 95% CI: 0.960.98, p<0.001). Conclusion: In endemic areas, children with palpable goiter were shorter and thinner than the healthy peers. Thyroid hormones were between the reference ranges. In children with palpable goiter, IGF-1 levels were lower and IGFBP-3 and IGFBP-1 levels were not different from the healthy control group. However, at the presence of goiter IGF-1 levels decrease. This decrease can be the result of insufficient nutrition and result in short stature and weakness than their healthy peers. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart, New York. ER  - 
Testosterone replacement therapy improves insulin sensitivity and decreases high sensitivity C-reactive protein levels in hypogonadotropic hypogonadal young male patients; Background: Many clinical studies suggest the inverse relationship between testosterone levels and insulin sensitivity in men, however the causative relationship of these two events is still not determined. The purpose of this study was to investigate the effects of testosterone replacement therapy (TRT) on insulin sensitivity, body composition, serum lipid profiles and high sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP) in hypogonadotropic hypogonadal (HH) puberty undeveloped male patients. Methods: In this prospectively designed study, we compared homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), insulin areas under the curves (AUC) of 3-hour oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and other metabolic parameters between 26 HH patients and 26 healthy men. The patients' HOMA-IR, insulin AUC, body composition, lipid profiles, hsCRP and other parameters were compared before and after nine-month TRT. Results: The average levels of total testosterone (TT) in HH and healthy group were (0.9±0.6) nmol/L and (18.8±3.4) nmol/L, respectively. HOMA-IR in HH group was significantly higher than the healthy group (5.14±5.16 vs 2.00±1.38, P < 0.005). Insulin AUC in 3-hour OGTT in HH group was significantly higher than the healthy group (698.6±414.7 vs 414.2±267.5, P < 0.01). Fasting glucose level in HH group was significantly higher than control group ((5.1±0.6) mmol/L vs (4.7±0.3) mmol/l, P < 0.005). Height, weight and grasp strength of the patients were significantly increased after 9-month TRT. Significant reductions in HOMA-IR (from 5.14±5.16 to 2.97±2.16, P < 0.01), insulin AUC (from 698.6±414.7 to 511.7± 253.9, P < 0.01) and hsCRP (from (1.49±1.18) mg/L to (0.70±0.56) mg/L, P < 0.05) were found after TRT. Serum total cholesterol, LDL-C, HDL-C and triglyceride were all decreased, albeit with no significant difference compared to the level prior to TRT. Conclusions: HOMA-IR, insulin AUC and fasting glucose level in HH young male patients were significantly higher than those of the control group, which suggests that low level of testosterone in male adolescents might be a risk factor for insulin resistance. TRT can significantly improve patients' insulin sensitivity and suppress serum hsCRP, which in return suggests that TRT may prevent the HH patients from developing diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular diseases (CVD) in future. ER  - 
Sexual maturation and metabolic profile among adolescents and children of the Health Worker Cohort Study in Mexico; Objective: Our objective was to investigate the associations between level and timing of sexual development with metabolic profile in a cohort of Mexican adolescents in central Mexico. Material and Methods: Baseline data from children between the ages of 7 and 17 years (n= 582) who participated in the Health Worker Cohort Study, was used. The study participants included children of workers at the Mexican Institute of Social Security (IMSS) and the National Institute of Public Health, both located in Cuernavaca, in addition to children of workers at the Universidad Autónoma del Estado de México in Toluca who were enrolled between March 2004 and April 2006. Multiple linear regressions with robust estimates of variance, were used adjusting for specific covariates. Results: Both pubertal boys and girls, compared to their pre-pubertal counterparts, had higher body mass index (girls: 4.59 kg/m2, p<0.0001; boys: 1.12 kg/m2, p= 0.05) and percent body fat (girls: 3.61, p<0.0001; boys: 1.48, p= 0.0001). A significant difference in level of insulin resistance (homeostasis model assessment, HOMA) was detectable among girls (0.92, p<0.0001). Conclusions: Timing and levels of sexual development were significantly associated with adverse differences in several critical anthropometric and metabolic parameters. ER  - 
Intrabdominal fat is related to metabolic risk factors in Hispanic Americans, African Americans and in girls; Aim: This study aimed to test the association of individual adipose depots on cardiometabolic outcomes, whether the association varied by depot and if the associations differed by race/ethnicity or gender in early pubertal children. Methods: Three hundred and twenty children (53% male) aged 7-12 years self-identified as African American (AA; n = 114), European American (EA; n = 120) or Hispanic American (HA; n = 86) participated. Insulin dynamics were assessed by intravenous glucose tolerance test; body composition with DXA; fat distribution with CT. Results: AA had the least fat in each depot and HA had the most. Fat accumulation negatively impacted cardiometabolic outcomes independent of race/ethnicity or gender. AA and females were reproductively more mature. In AA and HA, each measure of adiposity influenced the insulin sensitivity index (SI), whereas intra-abdominal adipose tissue (IAAT) did not contribute to SI in EA. IAAT was positively associated with blood pressure in AA only. In females, adiposity adversely influenced cardiometabolic outcomes such that total fat mass, IAAT and/or SAAT was inversely associated with SI, and positively associated with blood pressure and fasting insulin. Conclusion: IAAT is uniquely related to metabolic risk factors in Hispanic Americans, African Americans and girls, suggesting that either the threshold for adverse effects of IAAT is lower, or the IAAT metabolism differs in these groups. © 2009 Foundation Acta Pædiatrica. ER  - 
Metabolic Alterations During Valproic Acid Treatment: A Prospective Study; We prospectively examined the effects of valproic acid on the endocrine system and metabolic variables in epileptic children. Patients with newly diagnosed idiopathic epilepsy were included in the study. Laboratory and clinical variables were assessed before and after 6 and 12 months of treatment. In total, 30 patients (mean age, 8.6 ± 4.4 years S.D.) were investigated. Body mass index and body mass index standard deviation scores of patients increased significantly during treatment. Although there was no statistical significance regarding fasting glucose, serum insulin, triglyceride, and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels and the insulin resistance index, a statistically significant increase in total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels had occurred after 12 months of valproic acid treatment. At the end of the study period, four patients were obese, and six patients were overweight. There was a significant correlation between serum levels of valproic acid and body mass index at month 6 of treatment. There was no significant change in androgen hormone levels during treatment in the prepubertal group. Body mass index and body mass index standard deviation scores increased during the first 6 months of valproic acid treatment. Patients treated with valproic acid should be regularly followed for obesity. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Hypothalamic involvement predicts cardiovascular risk in adults with childhood onset craniopharyngioma on long-term GH therapy; Context: Craniopharyngioma patients without GH therapy are at an increased cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk and particularly concerning women. No previous study on long-term GH therapy in adults with childhood onset (CO) craniopharyngioma was identified. Objective: To investigate CVD risk in adults with CO craniopharyngioma on complete hormone replacement, including long-term GH therapy, and to investigate the impact of disease-related factors on CVD risk. Design and participants: In a cross-sectional study of operated CO craniopharyngiomas (1958-2000) from a defined area of Sweden (2.5 million), we enrolled 42 patients (20 women) with a median age of 28 years (range 17-57) and assessed CVD risk of 20 (4-40) years after first operation. Comparisons were made with matched controls and between patients with tumor growth into the third ventricle (TGTV) versus non-TGTV. GH therapy was 10-12 years in women and men. Results: In comparison with controls, both male and female patients had increased body mass index, fat mass, insulin, and leptin levels. Overall, while not significantly increased in male patients, 55-60% of female patients had a medium-high CVD risk, compared with 10-20% in controls. An increased CVD risk (all P < 0.05) and higher levels of fat mass and insulin were recorded in the TGTV group versus the non-TGTV group. Late puberty induction and lack of androgens were shown in female patients. Conclusions: Adult patients with CO craniopharyngioma, especially those with TGTV, have persistently increased CVD risk. Conventional hormone substitution, including GH, is insufficient to normalize CVD risk, suggesting an important role for irreversible hypothalamic dysfunction. © 2009 European Society of Endocrinology. ER  - 
Utility of early insulin response and proinsulin to assess insulin resistance.; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether obesity and premature adrenarche are additive events increasing the risk of insulin resistance and beta-cell failure, using early insulin response (EIR) or the insulinogenic index and proinsulin (PI) as markers. STUDY DESIGN: This was a prospective case-control study conducted at a tertiary care academic medical center involving 81 prepubertal, predominantly Hispanic children (34 males, 47 females), classified as lean controls (4 males, 6 females; mean age, 6.5 +/- 1.2 years; mean body mass index [BMI] z-score, 0.08 +/- 0.6), obese controls (20 males, 10 females; mean age, 7.2 +/- 1.5 years; mean BMI z-score, 2.5 +/- 0.5), lean premature adrenarche (3 males, 11 females; mean age, 7.1 +/- 1.2 years; mean BMI z-score, 0.09 +/- 0.6), and obese premature adrenarche (7 males, 20 females; mean age, 7.3 +/- 1.0; mean BMI z-score, 2.2 +/- 0.4). Fasting glucose (G(0)), insulin (I(0)), PI(0), androgen levels, insulin-like growth factor 1, insulin-like growth factor binding protein 1, and lipid levels were obtained. An oral glucose tolerance test was performed. EIR was calculated as (I(30) - I(0))/(G(30) - G(0)). Between-group differences were assessed by 2-way analysis of variance, with interactions and associations explored with correlation/regression. RESULTS: EIR was greater in the obese subjects with and without premature adrenarche. Combined analysis of the independent variables obesity and premature adrenarche showed that the obese premature adrenarche group had the highest EIR. The obese subjects with premature adrenarche had greater fasting PI levels than their lean counterparts. The differences in fasting PI/I ratio among the groups were not statistically significant. CONCLUSIONS: Using EIR and PI as markers to assess the risk of insulin resistance and impaired insulin secretion indicates that obese children with premature adrenarche may be at greater risk for the development of prediabetes and type 2 diabetes mellitus compared with their lean counterparts. ER  - 
Difference in insulin usage patterns with pubertal development in children with type 1 diabetes during transition from multiple daily injections to continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion (CSII) and through the CSII treatment.; OBJECTIVE: This study analyzed the changes in insulin requirement in the transition from multiple daily injections (MDI) to continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion (CSII) and the differences through the CSII treatment in pediatric patients in different pubertal developmental stages. METHODS: We analyzed, through a longitudinal retrospective study, the insulin usage patterns and glycemic control of 40 patients with type 1 diabetes on CSII treatment for 12 months. The patients were subdivided in three groups: group A, 13 prepubertal subjects (Tanner stage I); group B, 15 pubertal subjects (Tanner stage II-IV); and group C, 12 postpubertal subjects (Tanner stage V). RESULTS: During the transition from MDI to CSII, the insulin requirements decreased significantly by 21 +/- 5% (0.89 +/- 0.26 U/kg/day vs. 0.70 +/- 0.11 U/kg/day). Through the CSII treatment the percentage of total daily insulin delivered as the basal rate in groups A, B, and C was 54-60%, 52-54%, and 52-54%, respectively. The number of basal rates per day was significantly higher in groups A and B. The overall profile of basal rate differed among the groups. During the night, prepubertal patients required more insulin from 12 p.m. to 2 a.m., whereas pubertal and postpubertal patients required more insulin between 2-3 a.m. to 7 a.m. Prepubertal patients had a maximum basal rate between 9 a.m. to 12 a.m. and 2 p.m. to 4 p.m., in contrast to pubertal and postpubertal patients between 2 p.m. to 3 p.m. and 5 p.m. to 6 p.m. The number of "extra" boluses per day was significantly higher in groups B and C compared to group A. CONCLUSIONS: Age-related differences exist in insulin usage patterns of pediatric patients on pump treatment. A greater knowledge of these variations may help to obtain optimum conditions in the CSII treatment in pediatric patients. ER  - 
Acylated and nonacylated ghrelin levels and their associations with insulin resistance in obese and normal weight children with metabolic syndrome; Background: Ghrelin, a peptide mainly derived from the stomach, plays a pivotal role in the regulation of food intake, energy metabolism, and storage, as well as in insulin sensitivity. Ghrelin circulates in acylated (A-Ghr) and nonacylated (NA-Ghr) forms, and their potential differential associations with insulin resistance (IR) in childhood obesity remain undefined. Objective: We investigated the associations of ghrelin forms with IR in normal weight and obese children and the impact of metabolic syndrome (MS) on their plasma values. Design: A total of 210 children in four subgroups of normal weight/obese children with and without components of MS were studied. Fasting blood glucose, insulin, lipid profile, and acylated and total ghrelin were examined. IR was determined by a homeostasis model assessment (HOMA) of IR. Results: In the entire population, plasma insulin and HOMA-IR were associated negatively with T-Ghr and NA-Ghr, but positively with the ratio of A/NA-Ghr after adjustment for age, gender, and Tanner stage. Obese metabolically abnormal children had lower T-Ghr and NA-Ghr, but comparable A-Ghr and a higher A/NA-Ghr ratio than obese metabolically normal subjects. Compared with lean healthy children, lean metabolically abnormal subjects had higher A-Ghr and the A/NA-Ghr ratio, but comparable T-Ghr and NA-Ghr. A multiple regression analysis showed that A-Ghr and the A/NA-Ghr ratios were positively associated with HOMA-IR, independent of age, gender, Tanner stage, and body mass index (or waist circumference) and other components of MS. Conclusions: A-Ghr excess may negatively modulate insulin action in obese and nonobese children, and may contribute to the association of IR and MS. © 2009 European Society of Endocrinology. ER  - 
Anthropometric indices at age 17 years of full-term neonates born short; Background: Measurements at the end of puberty of neonates short for gestational age (SGA-L) are scant. Objective: To determine the correlation between birth length and weight in neonates, with height and weight at age 17 years. Subjects and Methods: 385 full-term neonates, measuring less than 48 cm (SGA-L) and 585 full-term neonates, measuring 48 cm or greater (adequate birth length for gestational age; AGA-L) were included. 234 SGA-L and 359 AGA-L were identified at age 17 years. Results: Comparison of the two groups revealed that both sexes born SGA-L were also shorter at age 17 years than those born AGA-L (girls 158.9 cm (SD 7.6) vs 164.2 cm (SD 64) (p<0.001) and boys 167.3 cm (SD 8.7) vs 173.8 cm (SD 7.1) (p<0.001)). The subjects born SGA-L also weighed significantly less than those born AGA-L (p<0.001) both at birth and at age 17 years. Conclusions: Children born SGA-L become short adults and weigh less at age 17 years than children with a normal birth length. ER  - 
Growth and factors affecting it in thalassemia major; In our thalassemic (T) cohort, 45 of them had height standard deviation score (HtSDS) less than -2 and 56 of them had growth velocity standard deviation score (GVSDS) less than -1. Their mid-arm circumference and triceps skin-fold thickness were decreased versus normal controls. Their circulating insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) concentrations were significantly lower than normal children. Growth hormone (GH) response to provocation with clonidine and glucagon was defective in half of the short T children (peak GH < 7 ng/dL). Some of the short T children, with normal GH response to provocation, had defective spontaneous nocturnal GH secretion. IGF-I generation after one GH injection was reduced in T children than those with GH deficiency (GHD) and constitutional delay of growth and puberty (CDGP). GH therapy for a year significantly increased IGF-I concentrations, GV, and HtSDS in T children but to a lower level compared to those with GHD or CDGP, suggesting partial GH insensitivity. Pubertal induction with human chorionic gonadotropin in T adolescents was associated with increased IGF-I concentrations, GV, and HtSDS. © 2009 Informa UK, Ltd. ER  - 
[Association between insulin-like growth factor-1 receptor gene polymorphisms and with susceptibility to adolescent idiopathic scoliosis].; To investigate the association of insulin-like growth factor-1 receptor (IGF-1R) gene polymorphisms and with susceptibility to adolescent idiopathic scoliosis (AIS). This study included 200 patients with AIS and 200 healthy controls. Height, menarche status, curve pattern, Cobb angle, and Risser sign in female patients were recorded. Blood samples were taken form each subject by venipuncture. Genetic DNA was extract from peripheral blood leukocytes using standard phenol/chloroform extraction. PCR-RFLP (polymerase chain reaction-restriction-fragment length polymorphism) was used for the genotyping. The genotype and allele frequency distribution were similar between AIS and normal control (P>0.05). The mean maximum Cobb angle, Risser sign, menarche status of different genotypes of IGF-1R gene were similar with each other among female AIS patients (P>0.05). The IGF-1R gene is neither associated with the occurrence nor the curve severity of AIS. ER  - 
Fatty liver disease, insulin resistance and adiponectin in an obese pediatric population; Introduction: To study the clinical and laboratory relationships of fatty liver disease in a group of obese children and to investigate whether circulating adiponectin is related to fatty liver disease. Patients and methods: Two hundred-ninety obese patients (age 4-18 years) were studied. Baseline body mass index-standard deviation score (BMI-SDS), acanthosis nigricans, blood pressure, plasma lipids, uric acid, alanine aminotransferase (ALT) and adiponectin were assessed, and a standard oral glucose tolerance test was performed. Insulin resistance (RI) was estimated by the homeostasis model assessment (HOMA) and liver steatosis was assessed by ultrasound (US). Children were classified as having metabolic syndrome if they met three or more of the following criteria: obesity, hypertension, hypertriglyceridemia, low HDL-cholesterol and impaired glucose metabolism. Results: Fifty-two subjects (18%) had fatty liver by US and 22 (8%) had elevated ALT levels (<40 U/L). Subjects with steatosis were significantly older (12.2±2.4 frente a 11.1±2.9 yr), heavier (BMI-SDS: 4.5±1.5 frente a 3.8±1.3), and more RI (HOMA: 3.7±1.5 frente a 2.4±1.4), but were comparable in gender, pubertal status and racial distribution to those with normal US. The prevalence of metabolic syndrome and acanthosis nigricans were also higher in the steatosis frente a the normal US group. Serum adiponectin concentration was inversely correlated with age, HOMA, ALT and uric acid and directly correlated with HDL-cholesterol. In a multiple logistic regression analysis, BMI-SDS, HOMA and serum adiponectin, but not age, uric acid or triglycerides, were the covariates independently associated with the presence of steatosis (odds ratio 1.4 [1.1-1.9]; 1.3 [1.1-1.6] and 0.9 [0.8-0.9], respectively). Conclusions: Obesity and RI are risk factors for liver steatosis in children and adolescents. Decreased serum adiponectin is closely and independently associated with steatosis. © 2009 Asociación Española de Pediatría. Published by Elsevier España, S.L. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Insulin resistance in adolescents with type 2 diabetes is associated with impaired exercise capacity; Context: The incidence of pediatric type 2 diabetes (T2D) is rising, with unclear effects on the cardiovascular system. Cardiopulmonary fitness, a marker of morbidity and mortality, is abnormal in adults with T2D, yet the mechanisms are incompletely understood. Objective: We hypothesized that cardiopulmonary fitness would be reduced in youth with T2D in association with insulin resistance (IR) and cardiovascular dysfunction. Design, Setting, and Participants: We conducted a cross-sectional study at an academic hospital that included 14 adolescents (age range, 12-19 yr) with T2D, 13 equally obese adolescents and 12 lean adolescents similar in age, pubertal stage, and activity level. Main Outcome Measures: Cardiopulmonary fitness was measured by peak oxygen consumption (VO2peak) and oxygen uptake kinetics (VO 2kinetics), IR by hyperinsulinemic clamp, cardiac function by echocardiography, vascular function by venous occlusion plethysmography, body composition by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry, intramyocellular lipid by magnetic resonance spectroscopy, and inflammation by serum markers. Results: Adolescents with T2D had significantly decreased VO2peak and insulin sensitivity, and increased soleus intramyocellular lipid, C-reactive protein, and IL-6 compared to obese or lean adolescents. Adolescents with T2D also had significantly prolonged VO2 kinetics, decreased work rate, vascular reactivity, and adiponectin, and increased left ventricular mass and fatty acids compared to lean adolescents. In multivariate linear regression analysis, IR primarily,andfasting free fatty acids and forearm blood flow secondarily, were significant independent predictors of VO2 peak. Conclusions: Given the strong relationship between decreased cardiopulmonary fitness and increased mortality, these findings in children are especially concerning and represent early signs of impaired cardiac function. Copyright © 2009 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Association of thyroid gland volume, serum insulin-like growth factor-I, and anthropometric variables in euthyroid prepubertal children; Context and Objective: Few studies have focused on the interrelation between thyroid size, anthropometric variables, and IGF-I in adults, but such data are lacking for children. We have investigated thyroid gland volume and several hormonal and anthropometric variables in prepubertal children. Design and Participants: A total of 859 prepubertal euthyroid Danish children aged 4-9 yr underwent a thorough clinical investigation, including anthropometrical measurements and determination of TSH, thyroid hormones, autoantibodies, urinary iodine excretion, and thyroid volume (TV) by ultrasound. Longitudinal growth data from birth were available. Results: TV increased significantly with age (r = 0.487; P < 0.001). Mean TV ± SD for different age groups were as follows: 4 yr, 2.2 ± 1.4 ml; 5 yr, 2.5 ± 1.3 ml; 6 yr, 2.8 ± 1.3 ml; 7 yr, 3.2 ± 1.3 ml; 8 yr, 3.5 ± 1.3 ml; 9 yr, 3.7 ± 1.3 ml. We found a significant positive association between IGF-I and TV (P < 0.001). Furthermore, in multiple regression analyses, TSH (P < 0.013), free T4 (P < 0.001), lean body mass (P < 0.001), and body surface area (P < 0.001) as well as other anthropometrical measurements were identified as factors significantly associated with TV. Family history of thyroid disease and presence of incidental abnormal ultrasound findings were also positively associated with TV (P = 0.025 and 0.022, respectively). Conclusions: In our cohort of prepubertal Danish children, the GH/IGF-I-axis was positively correlated with thyroid size, suggesting a role in the regulation of thyroid growth. Moreover, anthropometric measurements, in particular body surface area, were the best predictors of TV. © 2009 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Relationships between birthweight and biomarkers of chronic disease in childhood: Aboriginal birth cohort study 1987-2001; Reports of relationships between lower birthweight and later chronic diseases are mainly from populations with low rates of low birthweight (LBW) and growth-restricted births. A prospective study of an Australian Aboriginal birth cohort with a mean birthweight of 3050 g (SD 630), 16% LBW and 28% fetal growth restriction was used to examine the relationships between birthweight and selected biomarkers of chronic adult disease. At a mean age of 11.4 years (range 8.9-14), the mean weight was 35.7 kg (SD 11.8) and the mean height was 143.8 cm (SD 10.6). Using the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) 2000 growth references, weight and height-for-age z-scores were -0.8 (SD 1.4) and -0.5 (SD 1.07) respectively and using World Health Organisation criteria, 19% of children were classified as underweight (weight for age Z-score <2.0). The relationships between birthweight and blood pressure (n = 475), total cholesterol (n = 461), Apolipoprotein A-1 (n = 343), Apolipoprotein B (n = 390), respiratory function tests (n = 427), kidney size determined by ultrasound (n = 446), urinary albumin/creatinine ratio (n = 420) and fasting triglycerides (n = 281), insulin (n = 272) and glucose (n = 279) were examined using regression models adjusted for sex, gestational age, current age and puberty status. In this population with high rates of fetal growth restriction at birth and an excess of under-nutrition at age 11 years we found that birthweight had a negative relationship with child blood pressure only, while current child weight was positively related to blood pressure, total cholesterol, Apolipoprotein B, respiratory function tests, kidney size, and fasting triglycerides, insulin and glucose. © 2009 Blackwell Publishing Ltd. ER  - 
Inverse relation between dietary fiber intake and visceral adiposity in overweight Latino youth; Background: To date, no studies have assessed the longitudinal changes of dietary intake on metabolic risk factors in Latino youth. Objective: We assessed the relation between changes in dietary intake, specifically sugar and fiber intakes, with changes in adiposity and risk factors for type 2 diabetes in a longitudinal analysis of overweight Latino youth. Design: Overweight Latino youth (n = 85; aged 11-17 y) underwent the following measures over 2 y [mean (±SD) time difference was 1.5 ± 0.5 y]: dietary intake by 2-d diet recalls, body composition by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry and magnetic resonance imaging, and glucose and insulin indexes by oral- and intravenous-glucosetolerance tests. Partial correlations and repeated-measures analysis of covariance assessed the relation between changes in dietary intake with changes in adiposity and glucose and insulin indexes, independent of the following a priori covariates: sex, Tanner stage, time between visits, and baseline dietary and metabolic variables of interest. Results: Increases in total dietary fiber (g/1000 kcal) and insoluble fiber (g/1000 kcal) were associated with decreases in visceral adipose tissue (VAT) (r = -0.29, P = 0.02, and r = -0.27, P = 0.03, for total dietary and insoluble fiber, respectively), independent of baseline covariates and change in subcutaneous abdominal adipose tissue. Participants who had decreased total dietary fiber (mean decrease of 3 g · 1000 kcal-1 · d-1) had significant increases in VAT compared with participants who had increased total dietary fiber (21% compared with 24%; P = 0.02). No other changes in dietary variables were related to changes in adiposity or metabolic variables. Conclusion: Small reductions in dietary fiber intake over 1-2 y can have profound effects on increasing visceral adiposity in a high-risk Latino youth population. © 2009 American Society for Nutrition. ER  - 
Impaired fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 signaling as a cause of normosmic idiopathic hypogonadotropic hypogonadism; Context: FGFR1 mutations have been identified in about10%of patients with Kallmann syndrome. Recently cases of idiopathic hypogonadotropic hypogonadism (IHH) with a normal sense of smell (nIHH) have been reported. Aims: The objective of the study was to define the frequency of FGFR1 mutations in a large cohort of nIHH, delineate the spectrum of reproductive phenotypes, assess functionality of the FGFR1 mutant alleles in vitro, and investigate genotype-phenotype relationships. Design: FGFR1 sequencing of 134 well-characterized nIHH patients (112 men and 22 women) and 270 healthy controls was performed. The impact of the identified mutations on FGFR1 function was assessed using structural prediction and in vitro studies. Results: Nine nIHH subjects (five males and four females; 7%) harbor a heterozygous mutation in FGFR1 and exhibit a wide spectrum of pubertal development, ranging from absent puberty to reversal of IHH in both sexes. All mutations impair receptor function. The Y99C, Y228D, and I239T mutants impair the tertiary folding, resulting in incomplete glycosylation and reduced cell surface expression. The R250Q mutant reduces receptor affinity for FGF. The K618N, A671P, and Q680X mutants impair tyrosine kinase activity. However, the degree of functional impairment of the mutant receptors did not always correlate with the reproductive phenotype, and variable expressivity of the disease was noted within family members carrying the same FGFR1 mutation. These discrepancies were partially explained by additional mutations in known IHH loci. Conclusions: Loss-of-function mutations in FGFR1 underlie 7% of nIHH with different degrees of impairment in vitro. These mutations act in concert with other gene defects in several cases, consistent with oligogenicity. Copyright © 2009 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Local expression of insulin-like growth factor-i, insulin-like growth factor-i receptor, and estrogen receptor alpha in ovarian cancer; Background: Epidemiological evidence supports a role for the insulin-like growth factors (IGFs) and their receptor, IGF-IR, in the induction and progression of various cancers. Estrogen receptor alpha (ERα), which plays a role in the etiology of ovarian cancer, both regulates and is influenced by the IGF family. Patients and Methods: We present a case control study conducted in the Northeast region of China between 2007 and 2008. Fresh specimens were collected from ovarian cancer patients and matched controls who underwent surgery for benign diseases. IGF-I, IGF-IR, and ERαexpression was analyzed using quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction. Results: Expression of IGF-I and IGF-IR was increased in ovarian cancer compared to benign tumors. The association was dose-dependent and was more evident in premenopausal women than in postmenopausal women. Both IGF-I and IGF-IR expression were found to be higher in tumors with poor prognosis. Patients with either suboptimal debulking or with residual tumor after surgery had slightly higher IGF-IR expression. Intratumoral IGF-I expression was positively correlated with the expression of IGF-IR, but not with ERα. Conclusion: The increased intratumoral IGF-I and IGF-IR expression suggests an involvement of the IGF-I/IGF-IR axis in the biological behavior of ovarian cancers in this population and could define a potential therapeutic target. Copyright © 2009 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Early life programming of abdominal adiposity in adolescents: The HELENA study; OBJECTIVE - To examine the relationship between birth weight and abdominal adiposity in adolescents. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - A total of 284 adolescents (49.3% of whom were female) aged 14.9 ± 1.2 years were included in the study. Birth weight and gestational age were obtained from parental records. Abdominal adiposity (in three regions: R1, R2, and R3) and trunk and total body fat mass were measured by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry. Regional fat mass indexes (FMIs) were thereafter calculated as fat mass divided by the square of height (Trunk FMI and abdominal FMI R1, R2, and R3). RESULTS- Birth weight was negatively associated with abdominal FMI R1, R2, and R3 independently of total fat mass, gestational age, sex, breast-feeding duration, pubertal stage, physical activity, and socioeconomic status (all P < 0.01). CONCLUSIONS - Our study shows an inverse association between birth weight and abdominal adiposity in adolescents independently of total fat mass and other potential confounders. These findings suggest that fetal nutrition, as reflected by birth weight, may have a programming effect on abdominal adiposity later in life. © 2009 by the American Diabetes Association. ER  - 
Adiposity measures as indicators of metabolic risk factors in adolescents; Aim: To examine the relation between adiposity assessment methods (percentage body fat (%BF), BMI, and waist circumference (WC)) and individual metabolic risk factors (f-insulin, HDL cholesterol, triglycerides) and a combined measure of metabolic risk. Methods: Crosssectional study of 300 males (BMI 20.8 ± 3.0 kg/m2) and females (BMI 21.3 ± 2.9 kg/m2) 17 years of age. F-insulin and components of the metabolic syndrome defined by the International Diabetes Federation (IDF) were used as metabolic risk indicators, with samples stratified into BMI, %BF, and WC groups, respectively. Diagnostic accuracy was expressed as the area under the ROC curve (AUC). Results: In males, diagnostic accuracy for HDL and f-insulin was poor to fair for BMI (AUC 0.70, p = 0.001; 0.60, p = 0.22), WC (0.68, p = 0.003; 0.63, p = 0.11), and %BF (0.65, p = 0.009; 0.66, p = 0.04). The diagnostic accuracy for triglycerides was greater for all three measures (BMI 0.92, WC 0.95, %BF 0.87; all p < 0.001). For females, neither test performed better than chance for f-insulin and HDL, and only %BF performed better than chance for triglycerides (0.65, p = 0.08). All three measures exhibited higher accuracy for presence of ≥2 metabolic risk factors (AUCs 0.76-0.91, p < 0.001) in both sexes. Conclusion: %BF was not superior to BMI and WC for detecting metabolic risk in the general adolescent population. Copyright © 2009 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Associations between grculatina N-terminal pro-Brain natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP) and Adiponectin concentrations depend on obesity level in female adolescents: Gender dimorphic findings; N-terminal pro-Brain Natriuretic Peptide (NTproBNP) is an established biomarker for heart failure in adults, while its plasma concentrations are altered in adult obesity. Plasma adiponectin concentrations are decreased in obesity and low levels are associated with disorders with an increased cardiometabolic risk. A few studies support an association between these two markers in adults with coronary heart disease. Such relations have not been investigated in children with obesity, which is the most prevalent risk factor for cardiovascular disease. Ninety-six children, 24 obese/25 normal BMI boys, and 23 obese/24 normal BMI girls, aged 10-16, were studied. Plasma NT-proBNP was measured using electrochemiluminescence, and adiponectin and other metabolic risk factors, such as glucose, insulin, cholesterol, triglycerides (TG), HDL, and LDL using standard methodology. The findings were gender dimorphic. In overweight and obese females (mean BMI z-score: 2.65 ±1.69), plasma NT-proBNP concentrations correlated significantly with adiponectin levels (r-0.4, r2=0.05, p=0.013), while in those with obesity defined as BMI z-score > 2.5 (mean BMI z-score: 3.67 ±1.08, n=20) this association was stronger (r=0.6,r2=0.22, p=0.005). Adiponectin also correlated significantly with BMI z-scores, TG, HDL, and insulin levels. In boys, there was no correlation between NT-proBNP and adiponectin. NTproBNP correlated significantly with HDL, while adiponectin correlated with TG, fasting insulin, and the Homeostasis Assessment Model (HOMA) Index. The positive association between NTproBNP and adiponectin depends on the severity of obesity and is gender dimorphic. This positive correlation in females might be a potential protective mechanism against atherosclerosis in later life. ER  - 
Prevalence of breast cancer and atypia in patients with high bone mineral density: A retrospective analysis; Elevated bone mineral density (BMD) may be associated with the development of breast cancer and atypia. We investigated the prevalence of breast cancer and atypia in patients with elevated BMD from our outpatient endocrine clinic at the National Naval Medical Center in Bethesda, Maryland.We retrospectively examined our database for all bone density scans performed on our Discovery QDR (Hologic Inc, Bedford, Mass) dual-energy x-ray absortiometry from July 2003 to September 2006 with an elevated z score ≥ +2.5 at the total spine, femoral neck or one-third distal forearm. Our dual-energy x-ray absortiometry is operated and calibrated according to the clinic's standard operating procedure. We obtained the patients' diagnoses and characteristics from our electronic and paper chart systems including database from the Breast Care Clinic, where our patients received their treatment and follow-up care.We found a total of 211 patients with bone density scans that matched our inclusion criteria. Twenty-eight of 211 patients (13.3%) had a diagnosis of breast cancer confirmed histopathologically. Six of 211 patients (2.8%) were diagnosed with atypical ductal hyperplasia. Their characteristics were analyzed according to age, ethnicity, menarche, age at diagnosis, age at menopause, smoking, alcohol use, medications, parity, family history of breast cancer, type of breast cancer, age at first pregnancy, breast cancer receptor status, degenerative joint disease, and Gail score.We found a 16% prevalence of breast cancer and atypical ductal hyperplasia in our patient cohort with elevated bone density, z score ≥ +2.5, at the total spine, femoral neck or one-third distal forearm. The modestly increased prevalence of breast cancer and atypia from our population with elevated BMD suggest that high BMD based on the World Health Organization criteria may not be "normal" and may indicate the need for further evaluation. © 2009 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Differences in body composition and energy expenditure in prepubertal children born term or preterm appropriate or small for gestational age; Small size at birth may result from fetal undernutrition which may occur at different times during gestation. Early postnatal catch-up growth and excess childhood weight gain are associated with an increased risk of adult cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes mellitus. The aim of this study was to assess the relative contributions of body composition and energy expenditure on fasting insulin sensitivity during late childhood. We took advantage of two previously described prospective cohorts of children born either at term or prematurely, with a wide range of birth weights adjusted for gestational age. Seventy-one prepubertal children (mean age 7.5 ±0.3 years) were examined: 23 term SGA (8 M, 15 F), 12 preterm SGA (7 M, 5 F), 16 term AGA (8 M, 8 F), and 20 preterm AGA (9 M, 11 F). Mean height SDS was -0.18 ± 0.11 and mean BMI SDS was 0.27 ±0.03. Change in weight SDS was significantly-higher in children born SGA compared to their AGA counterparts (p <0.001). Change in weight SDS was highly correlated with fasting insulin (p <0.03) and leptin (p <0.001). Fasting insulin correlated only with serum leptin levels. Body composition appeared to be the main determinant of fasting leptin levels. No differences in lipid profile were observed between the different groups. There was a clear tendency to higher insulin and leptin levels in children born SGA compared with their AGA counterparts. IGF-I levels were significantly higher only in SGA term compared to AGA term. Resting energy expenditure (REE) was lower in SGA born at term and higher in SGA born preterm compared to their AGA counterparts. In conclusion, fasting insulin sensitivity is mainly determined by leptin levels which in turn are determined by body composition. IGF-I and REE showed a divergent pattern in SGA term compared to SGA preterm groups. IGF-I levels were determined only by weight change from birth to age 2 years, which may not be as pronounced in VLBW children compared to SGA term and thus may preclude a difference in IGF-I levels in the group of preterm children. The divergent effect in REE in SGA born at term compared to SGA born preterm compared to their AGA counterparts may explain the divergent effects on IGF-I. This difference might be a consequence of different timing in the exposure to intrauterine nutritional deficiency. © Freund Publishing House Ltd. ER  - 
A novel, non-invasive 13C-glucose breath test to estimate insulin resistance in obese prepubertal children; Insulin resistance (IR) is an important risk factor for the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus in obese boys and girls. Because needle-associated fear and anxiety are common in children, non-invasive methods to determine IR are desirable. Our objective in this cross-sectional study of obese prepubertal children (n = 39) was to compare estimates of IR using a novel, non-invasive technique (13C-glucose breath test) with common indices of IR derived from an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). For the 13C-glucose breath test, samples were collected before and 90 minutes after ingestion of 25 mg 13C-labelled glucose. For the OGTT, glucose and insulin samples were collected at 0, 15, 30, 45, 60, 90 and 120 minutes. The homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI), insulin area-under-the-curve (AUC), and sum-of-insulin were calculated as indices of IR. Pearson correlations revealed significant, but moderate, associations between the 13C-glucose breath test and fasting insulin (r = -0.50; p<0.01), 2-hour insulin (r = -0.40; p<0.05), HOMA-IR (r = -0.51; p<0.01), QUICKI (r = 0.53; p<0.01), insulin AUC (r = -0.22; NS), and sum-of-insulin (r = -0.48; p <0.05). Paired t-tests between estimates of IR from 13C-glucose breath test and other indices showed no significant differences. Bland-Altman plots showed acceptable levels of agreement between indices of IR. In obese prepubertal children, the 13C-glucose breath test can provide a proxy estimate of IR when gold-standard techniques are either unavailable or impractical. © Freund Publishing House Ltd. ER  - 
Developmental trajectories of girls' BMI across childhood and adolescence; This study describes qualitatively distinct trajectories of BMI change among girls participating in a longitudinal study of non-Hispanic, white girls (n = 182) and their parents, assessed at daughters' ages 5, 7, 9, 11, 13, and 15 years. Height, weight, body fat, fasting blood glucose and lipids, blood pressure, waist circumference, and pubertal status were measured, and participants self-reported dietary, physical activity, and television (TV) viewing patterns. Growth mixture models were used to model heterogeneity in girls' BMI trajectories over 10 years. Statistical support was strongest for four distinct BMI trajectories: (i) upward percentile crossing (UPC; n = 25, 14%); (ii) delayed downward percentile crossing (DDPC; n = 37, 20%); (iii) 60th percentile tracking (60PT; n = 52, 29%); and (iv) 50th percentile tracking (50PT; n = 68, 37%). Girls in the UPC group had more metabolic risk factors at age 15 years, even after adjusting for concurrent weight status. Girls in the UPC group had mothers with the highest BMIs at study entry and were breast-fed for a shorter duration. This novel approach for examining differences in growth trajectories revealed four distinct BMI trajectories that predicted adolescent metabolic health outcomes in girls. The present study provides support for BMI monitoring in girls and for the potential utility of combining data on BMI tracking with data on familial characteristics for the early identification of girls at elevated risk for obesity and metabolic syndrome. ER  - 
Menopause-the Indian experience; Objective: Aim: To determine the age at menopause, health status, and attitudes towards menopause among a cross section of menopausal women in India. Design: Methods: An observational cross sectional study that included 1,697 women from 9 clinical across India. Natural Menopause was defined as cessation of menstrual cycle for more than twelve months. The age at menopause of women in the study, their mother and grandmother (where possible), and their siblings was ascertained. A questionnaire, administered through a face -to-face interview, was used to ascertain demographic factors including marital status, occupation, community, socioecoomic status and education; details of menarche and menopause including the age at onset, type of menopause, symptoms associated with menopause, obstetrical history, lactation history, methods of contraception used, family and personal risk factors- diabetes mellitus (DM), hypertension (HT), Ischemic Heart Disease (IHD), Stroke, Cancers, Osteoporosis, Alzhemiers Disease, Thyroid disorders, Rheumatoid arthritis, psychotic illnesses; risk behaviors like alcohol and caffeine consumption, tobacco intake; diet and physical activity. Height and weight were measured to obtain a body mass index, sytolic and diastolic blood pressure were also ascertained for each subject. The history of any sensory organ disorder was ascertained. The attitudes and awareness regarding menopause and HRT was ascertained. Results: The mean age (SD) of women in the study was 50.80 (8.23) years and ranged from 25 to 84 years. The mean age of all types of menopause of women in the study was 44.42 years(5.69) years, median 45 years, range 15 to 60 years. The mean age(SD) of natural menopause of the women in the study was46.26 (4.25). The mean age of natural menopause of the mother (SD)=47.51 (5.2) years, the mean age at menopause of grandmothers (SD)=44.88 (5.15), and the mean age at menopause of siblings ranged from 45.35 to 46.28 years. The mean age at menarche of women in the study was 13.54 (1.47) years and ranged from 9 to 20 years. Hot flushes were reported by 693 (40.84%) and depression and anxiety (including mood swings, irritability) by 814 (47.97%) of women who attained menopause. DM and HT were reported by 11.21% and 21.91% of women in the study. Personal and family risk factors did not differ significantly (all p values >0.05) between those who attained menopause earlier than the age 40 and those attained menopause after the age of 40 years. 525 (51.27%) of 1,024 women reported family as the main source of knowledge regarding menopause; the media was the next common source of awareness (n=215, 21.00%). Attitudes towards menopause was reported as positive by 1007 (85.19%) of 1182 respondents. 1054 (63.88%) of 1650 respondents were not aware of HRT; media (39.50%) and family (21.22%) were the main sources of knowledge for those who were aware of HRT. Conclusion: The age of natural menopause of woman in India is 46.26 yrs. It has not changed over three generations indicating the possibility of potential gene-environment interactions rather than cultural and environmental factors alone..By CAMS definition we may need to redefine the age of early and premature menopause.Female population in India between the 45-64yrs is going to be the highest in the world by 2030.There is a higher prevalance and early onset of Diabetes,Cardiovascular Disease and Osteoporosis in Indian women.Our results indicate the need to create greater awareness on preventive health and all aspects of menopause including HT.There is a need for the health care professional to evolve as the major source of information pertaining to menopause. ER  - 
Insulin sensitivity in prepubertal caucasian normal weight children; Background: Determining whether or not a child is insulin resistant is becoming a matter of fundamental interest even in childhood, as the incidence of metabolic complications of insulin resistance is rising. Thus reference values are needed. Aim: To set percentiles for HOMA-IR and WBISI in Caucasian normal weight prepubertal children. Population: 238 normal weight prepubertal Caucasian children (126 males/112 females). Methods: After physical examination including anthropometric measurements all children underwent an oral glucose tolerance test from which HOMA-IR and WBISI were calculated. Results: HOMA-IR values above the 95th percentile (2.03) and WBISI values below the 5th percentile (5.67) represent the cut-off values for the determination of insulin resistance. Conclusion: These reference values are useful to easily detect insulin resistance within the pre-pubertal Caucasian population representing a helpful tool for clinicians to target such children in order to improve insulin sensitivity. © Freund Publishing House Ltd. ER  - 
Pituitary enlargement in patients with PROP1 gene inactivating mutation represents cystic hyperplasia of the intermediate pituitary lobe. Histopathology and over 10 years follow-up of two patients; Patients with a PROP1 inactivating mutation present combined pituitary hormone deficiency (CPHD) and pituitary maldevelopment. A retrospective analysis of 31 CPHD patients with a PROP1 mutation revealed two individuals, aged 18 and 4.5 years, who had undergone subtotal surgery to remove pituitary tumors, 16.8 x 12 mm and 9 x 10 x 12 mm in size. Histological reassessment of tissue samples revealed epithelial cells, partially oxyphilic, forming gland-like microcystic structures, most of them filled with eosinophilic colloid. These structures were directly linked with fragments of the posterior lobe. Neither atypia nor any traces of proliferation activity (Ki-67 LI=0%) were noted. Immunohistochemistry showed the presence of all hormonal phenotypes of cells. These findings corresponded to the intermediate lobe of the pituitary gland. For this type of pathology we propose the term 'cystic hyperplasia of the intermediate pituitary lobe' and suggest PROP1 gene assessment in patients with CPHD in order to avoid unnecessary neurosurgical interventions. © Freund Publishing House Ltd. ER  - 
Sexual dimorphism of body composition and insulin sensitivity across pubertal development in obese Caucasian subjects; Background: Puberty is a period of rapid growth associated with metabolic, hormonal, and body composition changes that can influence risk factors for chronic diseases such as type 2 diabetes. Objective: To evaluate body composition and insulin sensitivity (IS) modifications throughout puberty in a large group of obese Caucasian subjects. Methods: Five hundred and nineteen obese subjects (4-19 years), grouped according to gender and Tanner stage (T), underwent oral glucose tolerance test. Quantitative insulin check index (QUICKI) and ISI were calculated as indexes of IS. In 309 subjects, body composition by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry, IGF1, adiponectin, and leptin were also evaluated. Results: Body composition modifications were sexually dimorphic, with girls not modifying fat and lean percentage and fat distribution (P>0.15), and boys decreasing fat percentage and increasing lean percentage and central fat depot (P<0.001) across Ts. IS decreased during mid-puberty and returned to prepubertal levels by the end of puberty. Girls showed lower IS than boys (P<0.01 and =0.03 for QUICKI and ISI respectively). In multivariate analysis factors that negatively influenced IS, independently from T or age, were total fat mass and central fat depot in girls (P<0.05 and <0.01, respectively), total fat and lean mass in boys (P<0.01). IGF1, adiponectin, and leptin were not related to pubertal IS. Conclusions: In obese Caucasian subjects, further decrease of IS observed during puberty is a transient phenomenon. Factors that independently from T or age influence IS are central fat depot in girls, lean amount in boys, and total fat mass in both sexes. © 2009 European Society of Endocrinology. ER  - 
Physical fitness, dietary intake, and metabolic control in adolescents with type 1 diabetes; Purpose: We examined whether physical fitness and dietary intake predicted better glycemic control and lipid profile in adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM). Methods: The sample consisted of 109 adolescents with T1DM [age, 15.3 ± 1.9 yr; diabetes duration, 6.2 ± 3.7 yr; body mass index (BMI), 23.3 ± 4.0 kg/m2; and hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), 8.7 ± 1.6%]. Stepwise regression analyses were performed with the following independent variables: age, sex, duration of diabetes, BMI, Tanner stage, physical fitness, and average carbohydrate and total and saturated fat intake, and the following dependent variables: total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-c), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-c), triglycerides, and HbA1c. Physical fitness was measured by peak oxygen consumption (VO2peak) during progressive cycle ergometry, and 3-day food intake was analyzed using N utritionist Pro™ software. Results: Sex and VO2peak explained 19% of the variance for HbA1c. Age, VO2peak, and saturated fat intake predicted 23% of the variance for total cholesterol, although only diabetes duration and saturated fat intake predicted LDL-c (11%). Duration of diabetes explained 5% of the variance in triglyceride levels, and there were no significant independent predictors for HDL-c. Conclusions: Greater fitness levels predicted both better glycemic control and total cholesterol in adolescents with T1DM, whereas lower saturated fat affected total cholesterol but not glycemic control. These findings support the importance of physical fitness and diets of lower saturated fat for overall metabolic health in adolescents with T1DM. © 2009 John Wiley & Sons A/S. ER  - 
Parental diabetes, pubertal stage, and extreme obesity are the main risk factors for prediabetes in children and adolescents: A simple risk score to identify children at risk for prediabetes; Objectives: The current worldwide increase of prediabetes defined as impaired fasting glucose or impaired glucose tolerance and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) coincides the increase of obesity. However, it is unclear that which children have an increased risk and should be screened for prediabetes. Methods: We studied 437 overweight children and adolescents to identify risk factors for prediabetes. A risk score for prediabetes was calculated using logistic regression. This score was examined in a second, independent cohort of 567 overweight children and adolescents. History of T2DM in parents and grandparents, degree of overweight, age, pubertal stage, birth weight, hypertension, dyslipidemia, acanthosis nigricans, and abdominal obesity were considered as potential risk factors. Results: The frequency of prediabetes was 6% in sample 1 and 17% in sample 2. The strongest association was observed for history of parental diabetes with an adjusted odds ratio (aOR) of 9.5 [95% confidence interval (CI) 2.5-36.4] in sample 1 and 6.3 (95% CI 3.7-10.7) in sample 2, followed by pubertal stage with an aOR of 5.5 (95% CI 0.7-45.4) in sample 1 and 6.2 (95% CI 2.4-15.6) in sample 2, and by extreme obesity with an aOR of 5.0 (95% CI 1.7-15.3) in sample 1 and 3.3 (95% CI 2.0-5.4) in sample 2. Conclusions: The main risk factors for prediabetes were parental diabetes, pubertal stage, and extreme obesity. Screening for prediabetes seems meaningful in subjects with either a parental history of diabetes or a combination of extreme obesity and pubertal stage and detected nearly 90% of the overweight children and adolescents with prediabetes. © 2009 John Wiley & Sons A/S. ER  - 
The pine river statement: Human health consequences of DDT use; Objectives: Dichlorodiphenyltrichloroethane (DDT) was used worldwide until the 1970s, when concerns about its toxic effects, its environmental persistence, and its concentration in the food supply led to use restrictions and prohibitions. In 2001, more than 100 countries signed the Stockholm Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants (POPs), committing to eliminate the use of 12 POPs of greatest concern. However, DDT use was allowed for disease vector control. In 2006, the World Health Organization and the U.S. Agency for International Development endorsed indoor DDT spraying to control malaria. To better inform current policy, we reviewed epidemiologic studies published from 2003 to 2008 that investigated the human health consequences of DDT and/or DDE (dichlorodiphenyldichloroethylene) exposure. Data Sources and Extraction: We conducted a PubMed search in October 2008 and retrieved 494 studies. 494 studies. Data Synthesis: Use restrictions have been successful in lowering human exposure to DDT, but blood concentrations of DDT and DDE are high in countries where DDT is currently being used or was more recently restricted. The recent literature shows a growing body of evidence that exposure to DDT and its breakdown product DDE may be associated with adverse health outcomes such as breast cancer, diabetes, decreased semen quality, spontaneous abortion, and impaired neurodevelopment in children. Conclusions: Although we provide evidence to suggest that DDT and DDE may pose a risk to human health, we also highlight the lack of knowledge about human exposure and health effects in communities where DDT is currently being sprayed for malaria control. We recommend research to address this gap and to develop safe and effective alternatives to DDT. ER  - 
Kisspeptin serum levels in girls with central precocious puberty; Objective Central precocious puberty (CPP) causes early epiphyseal maturation, and early initiation of treatment improves final height. Unfortunately, there is no one parameter that can distinguish CPP from premature thelarche (PT), which is self-limited and requires no therapy. In animal models, kisspeptin, the ligand for the G-protein coupled receptor GPR54, was found to induce precocious activation of the gonadotrophic axis. Data on kisspeptin levels in girls with precocious puberty or in healthy prepubertal girls are lacking. We measured blood kisspeptin levels in girls with CPP and evaluated its potential as a clinical marker for CPP. Design This was a case-control study. Patients Thirty-one girls clinically diagnosed with CPP and 14 prepubertal age-matched healthy controls. Measurements Kisspeptin blood levels. Results Kisspeptin levels were significantly higher in the girls with CPP than in the controls: 14·62 ± 10·2 pmol/l vs. 8·35 ± 2·98 pmol/l, P < 0·05. Within the CPP group, there were no significant differences between the girls with a peak LH >5·0 IU/l and those with a peak LH ≤5·0 IU/l regarding kisspeptin or any of the clinical, laboratory or ultrasound parameters, or in Tanner stage. No correlation was found between kisspeptin and body mass index standard deviation score (BMI-SDS) or height-SDS (Ht-SDS) for the entire cohort, or when analysed separately for the CPP group and the control group. Conclusions Although kisspeptin is significantly higher in girls with true CPP than in age-matched prepubertal controls, the evident overlap limits its use as a single diagnostic tool until further data obtained in larger studies should prove otherwise. © 2009 Blackwell Publishing Ltd. ER  - 
Effect of zinc supplementation on insulin resistance and components of the metabolic syndrome in prepubertal obese children; OBJECTIVE: Zinc, an essential trace element and a component of many enzymes, is involved in the synthesis, storage and release of insulin. The aim of the present study was to assess the effect of zinc supplementation on insulin resistance and components of the metabolic syndrome in prepubertal obese children. DESIGN: This triple-masked, randomized, placebocontrolled cross-over trial was conducted among 60 obese Iranian children in 2008. Pertinent clinical findings, fasting serum glucose, insulin and lipid profile were assessed. Participants were randomly assigned to two groups of equal number; one group received 20mg elemental zinc and the other group received placebo on a regular daily basis for eight weeks. After a 4-week wash-out period, the groups were crossed over. RESULTS: The mean age of participants was 9.1 ± 1.1 years. After receiving zinc, the mean fasting plasma glucose (FPG), insulin and HOMA-IR decreased significantly, while body mass index (BMI), waist circumference (WC), LDL-C and triglycerides (TG) did not significantly change. After receiving placebo, the mean FPG, insulin and HOMA-IR increased significantly, while BMI, WC, LDL-C and TG showed a non-significant increase. CONCLUSION: Besides lifestyle modification, zinc supplementation might be considered as a useful and safe additional intervention treatment for improvement of cardiometabolic risk factors related to childhood obesity. ER  - 
Height growth velocity, islet autoimmunity and type 1 diabetes development: The Diabetes Autoimmunity Study in the Young; Aims/hypothesis: Larger childhood body size and rapid growth have been associated with increased type 1 diabetes risk. We analysed height, weight, BMI and velocities of growth in height, weight and BMI, for association with development of islet autoimmunity (IA) and type 1 diabetes. Methods: Since 1993, the Diabetes Autoimmunity Study in the Young (DAISY) has followed children at increased type 1 diabetes risk, based on HLA-DR, -DQ genotype or family history, for the development of IA and type 1 diabetes. IA was defined as the presence of autoantibodies to insulin, GAD or protein tyrosine phosphatase islet antigen 2 twice in succession, or autoantibody-positive on one visit and diabetic at the next consecutive visit within 1 year. Type 1 diabetes was diagnosed by a physician. Height and weight were collected starting at age 2 years. Of 1,714 DAISY children <11.5 years of age, 143 developed IA and 21 progressed to type 1 diabetes. We conducted Cox proportional hazards analysis to explore growth velocities and size measures for association with IA and type 1 diabetes development. Results: Greater height growth velocity was associated with IA development (HR 1.63, 95% CI 1.31-2.05) and type 1 diabetes development (HR 3.34, 95% CI 1.73-6.42) for a 1 SD difference in velocity. Conclusions/ interpretation: Our study suggests that greater height growth velocity may be involved in the progression from genetic susceptibility to autoimmunity and then to type 1 diabetes in pre-pubertal children. © 2009 Springer-Verlag. ER  - 
Lipid alterations in HIV-infected adolescents; Objectives: To describe lipid profile in HIV-infected positive adolescent children, their associations with immunological and virological status, antiretroviral therapy and possible risk factors for the development of hyperlipidaemia. Methods: A cross sectional study was performed in a cohort of HIV infected adolescents (12-18 years of age), followed in 9 hospitals in Madrid. All patients are followed according to a standard protocol in which data about HIV infection, antiretroviral history, Tanner stage and metabolic evaluations including lipid profile, glucose metabolism and health habits are recorded. Results: Ninety-eight HIV-positive children (57% girls) were recruited. Forty-four (45%) were on C stage and 63% on 3 (CDC classification). Median age: 15,2 (12-19), At the time of the study :median CD4 count was 715 c/mm3 (193-1594 ) and median viral load was 50 copies/ml (50-64632 ), 93 % were receiving HAART and 73% has a Tanner stage 5, with a weight Z score of 0,1 and a height Z Score of-0,74 ( Median height Z Score in girls: 0,4 vs boys -0,2; p=0,04). The mean (SD) cholesterol: was 178,72 (47,36), 27% patients > had 200mg/dl; mean LDL- cholesterol was 106,2 mg/dl (35,6), 25% patients > 130 mg/dl, and mean HDL-cholestero 50,1mg/dl (14,6), 23% patient > 40 mg/dl). The median triglycerides was 116 mg/dl (P25: 77 ; P75: 195), 30% patients had levels >170 mg/dl. Four children were receiving hypolipemic treatment (3 sterols and 1 atorvastatine). There were no statistics differences in lipid profile according to inmunovirological status, antiretroviral therapy including protease inhibitors, time of HAART, epidemiological and anthropometrics characteristics. Conclusions: The rate of hyperlipidaemia is important in our cohort. Despite of the high prevalence of lipid abnormalities only few children receive hypolipemic treatment. There are not differences in lipid profile according to HIV status, including antiretroviral regimen. ER  - 
Small for gestational age status is associated with metabolic syndrome in overweight children; Objective: Small for gestational age (SGA) children are at risk of both later obesity and metabolic syndrome (MetS). However, it is unknown whether obesity or SGA status leads to MetS in these subjects. We hypothesized that overweight children with former SGA status had more present components of the MetS than overweight children with former appropriate for gestational age (AGA) status. Methods: We analyzed 803 overweight children (4% SGA, mean age 11±0.1 years, body mass index (BMI) 27.3±0.2, SDS-BMI 2.32±0.02) concerning blood pressure, lipids, glucose, and insulin. Oral glucose tolerance tests (oGTT) were performed in all 35 former SGA children and 147 randomly chosen former non-SGA children. Results: After adjustment for age, sex, pubertal stage, and BMI-SDS, former SGA status was significantly related to blood pressure, triglyceride, insulin, and 2 h glucose levels in oGTT. The MetS prevalence was more than doubled in overweight former SGA subjects (40% MetS) compared with overweight former AGA subjects (17% MetS). The corresponding adjusted odds ratio was 4.08 (95% confidence interval 1.48 to 11.22) for SGA compared with AGA children. Conclusions: Overweight former SGA children had an increased risk for the components of the MetS compared with overweight former AGA children. Therefore, SGA status seems to be a risk factor for the MetS independently of weight status. Particularly overweight children with former SGA status should be screened for the MetS. © 2009 European Society of Endocrinology. ER  - 
Prevalence of IGF1 deficiency in prepubertal children with isolated short stature; Background/aims: 'Primary IGF1 deficiency (IGFD)' is defined by low levels of IGF1 without a concomitant impairment in GH secretion in the absence of secondary cause. The aims of this study were to evaluate the prevalence of non-GH deficient IGFD in prepubertal children with isolated short stature (SS) and to describe this population. Methods: This retrospective study included all children with isolated SS seen in our Pediatric Endocrinology Unit from January 2005 to December 2007. Children were included based on the following criteria: i) SS with current height SDS ≤ -2.5, ii) age≥2 years, and iii) prepubertal status. Exclusion criteria were: i) identified cause of SS and ii) current or past therapy with rhGH. IGF1-deficient children were defined as children without GH deficiency and with IGF1 levels below or equal to -2 SDS. Results: Among 65 children with isolated SS, 13 (20%) had low IGF1 levels, consistent with a diagnosis of primary IGFD, four of which were born small for gestational age and nine were born appropriate for gestational age. When compared with non-IGFD children, IGFD children had higher birth weight (-0.7 vs -1 SDS, P=0.02) and birth height (-1.7 vs -2 SDS, P=0.04) and more delayed bone age (2.6 vs 1.7 years, P=0.03). Conclusion: The prevalence of primary IGFD was 20% in children with isolated SS. Concerning the pathophysiology, our study emphasizes that IGFD in some children may be secondary to nutritional deficiency or to maturational delay. © 2009 European Society of Endocrinology. ER  - 
Sex hormones and metabolic syndrome in children and adolescents; Cardiovascular risk starts early in life, yet the patterns of changes in metabolic syndrome (MS) during puberty and normal development have not been completely defined. Sex hormones are shown to play a pivotal role in the modulation of insulin resistance and MS. Our aim is to clarify the relation between sex hormones and MS in normal children and adolescents. This is a cross-sectional study of 365 (8-12 and 14-18 years old) school students. We analyzed the associations of sex hormones (testosterone, free androgen index, estradiol, free estradiol index [FEI], and sex hormone-binding globulin [SHBG]) with cardiovascular risk factors and MS. Prevalence of MS varied depending on the definition, and 33 (9%) students had MS based on at least 1 definition of MS. Frequency of MS doubled among 14- to 18-year-old adolescents compared with 8- to 12-year-old children (12.4% vs 5.6%, P = .02). Adolescent boys and girls with MS had significantly lower SHBG levels compared with controls. Adolescent boys with MS also had significantly higher FEI levels compared with controls. Logistic regression analysis was performed to find the predictors of MS. Among covariates of age, estradiol, testosterone, free androgen index, and FEI, SHBG was the only significant predictor of MS (B = -0.3, odds ratio = 0.8, 95% confidence interval for odds ratio are 0.64 and 0.92, P = .005, Nagelkarke R2 = 0.48) in adolescent boys. In conclusion, sex hormone levels and androgen/estrogen balance may play an important role in determining MS and future cardiovascular risk among children and adolescents. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Bone mineral density in children, adolescents, and young adults with epilepsy; Purpose: The aim of this study was to assess bone mineral density (BMD) in a large population of children, adolescents, and young adults with epilepsy alone or in association with cerebral palsy and/or mental retardation. Methods: Ninety-six patients were enrolled in the study. The group comprised 50 males and 46 females, aged between 3 and 25 years (mean age 11 years). The control group consisted of 63 healthy children and adolescents (23 males, 40 females), aged between 3 and 25 years (mean age 12.1 years). Patients underwent a dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry (DEXA) scan of the lumbar spine (L1-L4) and the z scores were calculated for each patient; the t score was considered for patients 18 years of age or older. Results: Abnormal BMD was found in 56 patients (58.3%), with values documenting osteopenia in 42 (75%) and osteoporosis in 14 (25%). A significant difference emerged between epileptic patients and the control group in BMD, z score, and body mass index (BMI) (p = <0.001). Lack of autonomous gait, severe mental retardation, long duration of antiepileptic treatment, topiramate adjunctive therapy, and less physical activity significantly correlated with abnormal BMD. Discussion: This study detected abnormal BMD in more than half of a large pediatric population with epilepsy with or without cerebral palsy and/or mental retardation. The clinical significance of these findings has yet to be clarified. © 2009 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
Stability of the Factor Structure of the Metabolic Syndrome across Pubertal Development: Confirmatory Factor Analyses of Three Alternative Models; Objective: To test the fit and stability of 3 alternative models of the metabolic syndrome's factor structure across 3 developmental stages. Study design: With data from the Fels Longitudinal Study, confirmatory factor analyses tested 3 alternative models of the factor structure underlying relationships among 8 metabolic syndrome-associated risks. Models tested were a 1-factor model (A), a 4-factor model (B), and a second-order latent factor model (C). Developmental stages assessed were prepuberty (ages 8-10), puberty (ages 11-15), and postpuberty (ages 16-20). Results: Convergence was achieved for all developmental stages for model A, but the fit was poor throughout (root mean square error of approximation > 0.1). Standardized factor loadings for waist circumference and body mass index were much stronger than those for fasting insulin at all 3 time points. Although prepuberty and postpuberty models converged for models B and C, each model had problems with Heywood cases. The puberty model did not converge for either model B or C. Conclusions: The hypothetical structures commonly used to support the metabolic syndrome concept do not provide adequate fit in a pediatric sample and may be variable by maturation stage. A components-based approach to cardiovascular risk reduction, with emphasis on obesity prevention and control, may be a more appropriate clinical strategy for children and youth than a syndromic approach. © 2009 Mosby, Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Adrenal function during childhood and puberty in daughters of women with polycystic ovary syndrome; Context: In some patients, PCOS may develop as a consequence of an exaggerated adrenarche during pubertal development. Objective: The aim of the study was to assess adrenal function during childhood and pubertal development in daughters of women with PCOS (PCOSd). Design: We included 98 PCOSd [64 during childhood (ages 4-8 yr) and 34 during the peripubertal period (ages 9-13 yr)] and 51 daughters of controlwomen(Cd) [30 during childhood and 21 during the peripubertal period]. In both groups, an acute ACTH-(1-24) stimulation test (0.25 mg) and an oral glucose tolerance test were performed. Bone age and serum concentrations of cortisol, androstenedione, 17-hydroxyprogesterone, dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA), DHEA sulfate (DHEAS), glucose, and insulin were determined. Results: PCOSd and Cd were similar in age and body mass index. During the peripubertal period, basal and poststimulated DHEAS concentrations were higher in PCOSd compared to Cd. Among PCOSd, 12.5% of girls in childhood and 32.4% in peripuberty presented biochemical evidence of exaggerated adrenarche. Stimulated insulin was higher in PCOSd compared to Cd during childhood (P = 0.03) and peripuberty (P = 0.03). An advancement of 8 months between bone and chronological age was observed in peripubertal PCOSd compared to Cd. Conclusions: In PCOSd, basal and stimulated DHEAS concentrations were higher during the onset of puberty. Around 30% of the PCOSd demonstrated an exacerbated adrenarche, which may reflect increased P450c17 activity. In addition, a modest advance in bone age was observed, probably secondary to the hyperinsulinemia and/or adrenal hyperandrogenism. Copyright © 2009 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Longitudinal analysis of leptin variation during weight regain after weight loss in obese children; Objective: This study assessed if lower than predicted serum leptin concentrations seen during weight loss persisted during weight regain, with possible implications for weight control. Methods: 115 children were investigated during a 12-week weight loss program. 90 children completed the program, and 68 children entered a follow-up program spanning 28 months. Measurements were performed at baseline and day 82 as well as at months 10, 16, and 28. Height, weight, body composition, Tanner stages, testicular size, and serum concentrations of leptin, and insulin were measured at all time points. Results: Children with the greatest increases in BMI standard deviation score (SDS) exhibited the largest leptin increments. The disproportionate reduction of leptin seen during weight loss recovered after weight loss. Leptin increases mirrored increases in BMI SDS during weight regain, and the leptin-BMI SDS relationship seen during follow-up resembled the baseline leptin-BMI SDS relationship. Conclusion: Proportional increases of leptin and BMI SDS during weight regain suggests an intact leptin response during re-accumulation of fat. Following the pronounced reduction of leptin during weight loss, leptin levels were restored during weight regain to an extent where leptin levels were comparable with those at baseline, which is indicative of an inefficient lipostatic control exerted by leptin during weight regain. Copyright © 2009 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Growth and chronic disease: findings in the Helsinki Birth Cohort.; There is now clear evidence that the pace and pathway of early growth is a major risk factor for the development of a group of chronic diseases that include coronary heart disease, stroke, type 2 diabetes and hypertension. This has led to a new 'developmental' model for these disorders. The so-called 'fetal origins hypothesis' proposes that the disorders originate through developmental plasticity, whereby malnutrition during fetal life, infancy and early childhood permanently change the structure and function of the body, a phenomenon known as 'programming'. This paper reviews recent findings in the Helsinki Birth Cohort, which comprises 13 345 men and women born in the city during 1934-1944. There is also an older cohort comprising 7086 people born during 1924-1933. We review the paths of pre- and postnatal growth that lead to later disease. Children who later develop coronary heart disease and type 2 diabetes grow slowly during fetal life and infancy but thereafter increase their body mass indices rapidly. Those who later develop stroke grow slowly in fetal life, infancy and during childhood. We also review how the growth of girls during infancy, childhood and at puberty influences chronic disease in the next generation. ER  - 
Androgens and type 1 diabetes; Abnormalities of androgen levels have been described in patients with type 1 diabetes (T1DM). Recent clinical information about pubertal development in boys with T1DM shows that despite receiving intensive treatment some delay of pubertal development still is observed in them. This clinical data suggests that partial androgen deficiency is present during puberty in boys. However, studies evaluating the levels of testosterone in adolescents with T1DM have shown conflicting results. A possible mechanism explaining this delay in puberty is that insulin has a role in the central nervous system, and that hypogonadotropic hypogonadism occurs associated with insulin deficiency. Insulin receptors present in the hypothalamus have a permissive role on gonadotropin secretion and experiments performed in animals have shown that under insulin deficiency, hypogonadism mediated by a decrease in kisspeptin expression in the hypothalamus occurs. Hyperandrogenism has been classically associated with insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes, but increasing evidence shows that T1D women may also exhibit this abnormality. Girls with T1DM exhibit increasing androgens and signs of incipient functional ovarian hyperandrogenism at the end of puberty. In adult women a prevalence of 40% of clinical or biochemical hyperandrogenism has been shown, but this problem has a milder magnitude compared with non-diabetic PCOS women. An association of hyperandrogenism with intensive insulin treatment, but not total daily insulin dose, and with premenarcheal onset of DM has been described. This talk will review clinical data, physiopathology and treatment of abnormalities of androgen levels in patients with T1DM. ER  - 
Increased insulin resistance and oxidative stress in obese and non-obese pre-pubertal children born small and large for gestational age; Objectives: Birth weight (BW) and obesity are associated with an increased risk of adult diseases. Insulin resistance (IR) seems to play a key role in small (SGA) and large (LGA) for gestational age children, whereas no data on oxidative stress are available. The aim was to evaluate the effect of BW and obesity on oxidative stress and IR in pre-pubertal SGA and LGA than appropriate for gestational age (AGA) children. Methods: We performed a cross-sectional study comparing oxidative stress and IR in 103 children divided into six groups according to BW (26 SGA, 15 AGA, 16 LGA normal-weight children) and obesity (15 SGA, 15 AGA, 16 LGA obese children). Infants born from mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus, hypertension, obesity were excluded. Indexes of IR (homeostasis model assessment, glucose to insulin ratio) and marker of oxidative stress (urinary isoprostanes) were evaluated. Results: Homeostasis model assessment was higher in both normal-weight SGA and LGA than in normal-weight AGA children (all P ≤ 0.02). Furthermore, a difference was detected between obese SGA and obese LGA subjects than normal-weight SGA (all P ≤ 0.0007) and LGA children (all P ≤ 0.01), respectively. Glucose to insulin ratio was lower in the three obese groups than normal-weight AGA (all P ≤ 0.009) and normal-weight SGA children (all P ≤ 0.02). Furhermore, a difference was detected between obese SGA and obese LGA compared to normal-weight LGA subjects (all P ≤ 0.0002). Isoprostanes levels were higher in both normal-weight SGA and LGA than in normal-weight AGA children (all P ≤ 0.002). Moreover, both obese SGA and LGA showed higher levels than obese AGA subjects (all P ≤ 0.01) and in comparison to the three normal-weight groups (all P ≤ 0.04). Conclusions: Increased IR and oxidative stress are already present in pre-pubertal normal-weight SGA and LGA children with a continuous alteration in relation to obesity, suggesting that BW and adiposity represent two independent risk factors for degenerative diseases. ER  - 
Serum levels of adiponectin in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes: Impact of pubertal stage, metabolic control and microvascular complications; Objectives: To determine serum adiponectin level in children and adolescents with type1 diabetes and to study its impact on pubertal stage, metabolic control as well as microvascular complications. Methods: This was a cross sectional study that included 80 type 1 diabetic children and adolescents (age: 7-17 years with a mean of 13.35 ± 2.83 years).They were compared to 75 non diabetic, age, sex and pubertal stage matched controls. All participants were subjected to history taking, clinical examination. Laboratory investigations included haemoglobinA1c, mean blood glucose, fasting lipid profile and urinary albumin excretion. Adiponectin was measured by enzyme linked immunosorbant assay. Results: Mean adiponectin levels were significantly higher in diabetic patients compared to controls (P < 0.0001).Adiponectin levels were significantly elevated in females compared to male diabetics(P = 0.02).Serum adiponectin levels did not differ significantly in different pubertal stages. Adiponectin levels were inversely correlated with body mass index standared deviation score (BMI SDS, r = -0.35, P = 0.024), weight SDS (r = -0.32, P = 0.047), while it was positively correlated with HbA1c (r = 0.81, P = 0.0001), urinary albumin excretion (r = 0.61, P < 0.0001). There was no any differences in adiponectin concentrations whether or not the patients were taking angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors. Diabetics with peripheral neuropathy showed significantly higher adiponectin levels compared to patients without neuropathy (P = 0.005). Conclusions: Adiponectin is elevated in children and adolescents with type1 diabetes compared to controls. Higher levels were detected in females, with no impact of puberty. Adiponectin concentrations correlated with glycemic control and microvascular complications (nephropathy and peripheral neuropathy). ER  - 
Growth hormone and insulin-like growth factor-1 deficiencies in children and adolescents following traumatic brain injury: The impact on neuropsychological recovery; Background/Objectives: Traumatic brain injury (TBI) has been found to be associated with a decrease of growth hormone (GH) and insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) in children and adolescents. The objective of this study is to explore the relationship between performance on neuropsychological testing and markers of the GH axis (GH and IGF-1 levels). Design: Cross-sectional sub study of an ongoing prospective, longitudinal study. Participants and Setting: Twenty-five participants (14males and 11 females) were enrolled. Eight had sustained moderate TBI (initial Glasgow Coma Scale between 8 and 12) and 17 severe TBI (initial Glasgow Coma Scale less than 8). Materials/Methods: Each participant underwent neuropsychological evaluation, anthropometry, Tanner staging, and evaluation of the GH axis, including spontaneous overnight GH release followed by arginine/glucagon-stimulated GH release and morning fasting IGF-1 levels. Results: Baseline demographics: The average age of the participants was fifteen years. GH and IGF-1 levels: Seventeen participants had sufficient levels of GH, while 8 had deficient levels (<7 ng/mL). Sixteen participants had normal levels of IGF-1 (based on normal ranges according to Tanner levels) and 9 had levels below the normal range. GH and IGF-1 and injury severity: Twenty-five percent of those with a severe TBI were GH deficient, compared to none of those with a moderate TBI (Fisher's exact p=0.26). Nearly half of the severe TBI patients had below normal IGF-1, compared to only one out of eight of those with a moderate TBI (p=0.18). Neuropsychological findings: There were no statistically significant differences in intellectual functioning between participants who had sufficient GH and IGF-1 scores in the normal range compared to participants who did not. As a group, participants who were GH deficient demonstrated significantly lower scores on select memory and executive function tests than the performance of participants who were GH sufficient (p<.05). Participants with IGF-1 scores below the normal range had significantly lower scores on select measures of memory and executive functioning than participants with scores in the normal range (p<.05). Conclusions/Significance: Further evaluation of the relationship between GH and IGF-1 levels deserves continued investigation. Possible innovative medical interventions (GH replacement) to improve neuropsychological functioning may be beneficial for some children and adolescents recovering from moderate to severe TBI. ER  - 
Changes in body mass index are associated with changes in inflammatory and endothelial dysfunction biomarkers in obese prepubertal children after 9 months of body mass index SD score loss; The metabolic syndrome is associated with insulin resistance, a systemic low-grade inflammatory state, and endothelial dysfunction. These disorders may arise at a very early age in obese children. The aim of this study was to confirm changes in endothelial dysfunction and inflammatory biomarkers in obese prepubertal children and to evaluate the effect of body mass index (BMI) modification on these biomarkers. Biomarkers for inflammation, endothelial dysfunction, and insulin resistance were measured in obese children (47) and healthy controls (47). Baseline pretreatment levels of insulin (P = .019), homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (P = .004), soluble intercellular adhesion molecule (sICAM) (P = .003), and C-reactive protein (CRP) (P < .001) were significantly higher in obese children than in controls. After 9 months of treatment, obese children with lowered BMI SD score (SDS-BMI) displayed a significant decrease in insulin (P = .011), homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (P = .012), CRP (P = .006), and interleukin-6 (IL-6) (P = .045) levels compared with obese children with stable SDS-BMI; they also displayed a nonsignificant drop in sICAM levels. Similarly, obese children with lowered SDS-BMI displayed a decrease in CRP (P = .005) and IL-6 (P = .065) compared with baseline levels before treatment. In the total obese group, changes in SDS-BMI correlated positively with changes in CRP (P = .035), IL-6 (P = .027), and sICAM-1 (P = .038) levels. Only SDS-BMI was an independent predictive factor for CRP (P = .031), IL-6 (P = .027), and sICAM-1 (P = .033). Prepubertal obese children displayed alterations indicative of endothelial dysfunction, insulin resistance, and inflammatory state. Lowering of the SDS-BMI after 9 months of treatment was associated with an improvement in these variables compared with those in obese children with stable SDS-BMI status. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Onset of puberty and cardiovascular risk factors in untreated obese children and adolescents: A 1-year follow-up study; Objective: To determine the course of obesityassociated nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and the cardiovascular risk factors of hypertension, dyslipidemia, and disturbed glucose metabolism in untreated obese children. Design: Obese children were examined prospectively at baseline and 1 year later. Setting: Obesity clinic. Participants: A total of 287 untreated obese children; 53.3% were girls, the mean age was 11.4 years, and the mean body mass index (calculated as weight in kilograms divided by height in meters squared) was 28.2. Main Outcome Measures: Homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) values and prevalence of hypertension, dyslipidemia, impaired fasting glucose level, and NAFLD. Results: At baseline, 20.6% of obese children had hypertension, 22.3% had dyslipidemia, 4.9% had impaired fasting glucose levels, and 29.3% had NAFLD. These prevalences, as well as weight status, remained stable at the 1-year follow-up visit. Increases (SDs) in prevalence of hypertension (16.1% [51.8%]), hypertriglyceridemia (9.7% [59.3%]), and impaired fasting glucose level (8.1% [32.9%]), as well as mean HOMA-IR value (0.42 [1.22]), were observed in 62 children entering puberty. In contrast, mean decreases (SDs) in hypertension (-18.8% [53.2%]), hypertriglyceridemia (-12.5% [53.1%]), impaired fasting glucose level (-6.3% [38.1%]), and NAFLD prevalence (-18.8% [44.5%]), as well as mean HOMA-IR value (-0.83 [2.56]), were observed in 50 children entering late puberty (P<.01 for change of pubertal status in the multivariate model). Changes in HOMA-IR values were only weakly related to changes in prevalence of cardiovascular risk factors or transaminase levels (r <0.2). Conclusions: Cardiovascular risk factors worsened at onset of puberty and improved in late puberty in obese children whose weight status did not change. The weak correlation between HOMA-IR value and cardiovascular risk factors suggests that other characteristics may affect these disorders. © 2009 American Medical Association. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Is the response to growth hormone in short children born small for gestational age dependent on genetic or maternal factors?; Background/Aims: We investigated whether genetic or maternal/environmental risk factors for being born small for gestational age (SGA), e.g. Silver-Russell syndrome, congenital heart defects, infections of mothers or smoking during pregnancy, explain the variation in the first-year growth response to GH therapy. Methods: Secondary analysis was made of growth response in 135 short prepubertal German children (66% males) enrolled in a SGA phase III trial. Initial mean patient age was 6.8 ± 2.6 years; mean patient height SDS -3.8 ± 1.2, and GH treatment dose was 0.066 mg/kg body weight per day. Results: Growth velocity increased by 4.5 ± 2.0 cm/year and height SDS by 1.0 ± 0.5 SDS. Although patient number was limited and variation was high, both growth response (cm/year) and change in height SDS did not appear to differ between subgroups which also did not differ in terms of Studentized residuals set up in the KIGS growth prediction model for SGA. Likewise, in a step-forward multivariate analysis, the variables Silver-Russell syndrome, congenital heart defects, infections of mothers and smoking were not identified as independent factors influencing growth velocity. Conclusion: The retrospectively analyzed genetic and maternal/environmental risk factors for SGA do not appear to explain the observed patient variance in response to GH. Larger prospective studies are needed, however, to substantiate these preliminary findings. Copyright © 2009 S. Karger AG. ER  - 
Correlation between metabolic and body composition variables in female adolescents; Background: Analysis of metabolic alterations and body composition in adolescents. Objective: To study the correlation of serum levels of lipids, glycemia, insulin, homocysteine, HOMA-IR and blood pressure among themselves and with body variables. Methods: Data concerning glycemia, total cholesterol and fractions (LDL, HDL and VLDL), triacylglycerols, insulin, homocysteine and blood pressure were measured in 100 adolescents at the age range of 14 to 17 years, who had already had menarche and attended the public schools in Vicosa, state of Minas Gerais, Brazil. The percentage of body fat (%BF) was evaluated by horizontal bioimpedance. Results: In relation to nutritional status, 83%, 11% and 6%, respectively were eutrophic (EU), presented overweight/ overweight risk (OW/OR) or low weight (LW) (CDC/NCHS, 2000) and 61% presented high percentage of BF. Total cholesterol presented the highest percentage of inadequacy (57%), followed by HDL (50%), LDL (47%) and triacylglycerols (22%). Inadequacy in 11%, 9%, 5% and 4% were observed in relation to insulin resistance, insulin, blood pressure and glycemia, respectively. For total cholesterol, insulin, HOMA-IR and nutritional state, OW/OR>LW (p<0.05). For body composition and nutritional status, OW/OR>EU>LW (p <0.001). Some positive and strong correlations were found between BMI and the anthropometrical measures estimating the % of total BF, as well as central distribution, except for the waist/hip ratio. The %BF was correlated with insulin levels (r=0.303; p <0.001) and HOMA-IR (r=0.281; p<0.001). Conclusions: Some metabolic alterations, most often related with excess weight and body fat as well as insulin resistance were found, reinforcing the importance of specific programs directed at the adolescent health. ER  - 
Relationships of acylated and des-acyl ghrelin levels to bone mineralization in obese children and adolescents; Aims: Bodyweight is a significant predictor of bone mass. Hormonal factors are thought to play a role in the mechanisms controlling the association of body weight and fat mass with bone mass. Very recently, the orexigenic hormone ghrelin has also been implicated in bone metabolism. In this study we examined the associations of circulating acylated and des-acyl ghrelin concentrations with measures of bone in a group of obese children and adolescents as well as in a group of healthy control children. We also determined whether the associations were independent of body composition, chronological age, gender, Tanner stage, and leptin, glucose, insulin and insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-1 levels. Methods: We performed a prospective cross-sectional study of 100 obese children [age, 8.9 (8.3 to 9.4); BMI-Standard Deviation Score (SDS), 2.2 (2.0 to 2.3)], and 100 age-matched lean healthy subjects. Fasting insulin, leptin, IGF-1, acylated and total ghrelin were measured by radioimmunoassay. Des-acyl ghrelin values were calculated as total ghrelin minus acylated ghrelin. Whole body (WB) and lumbar spine (LS) BMD, and BMC as well as body composition were assessed by DXA (Hologic QDR-4500W). LS volumetric BMD (BMAD) was estimated using the formula of Katzman (BMC/area1.5), while WB BMC data were expressed as BMC/height. Results: Backward linear regression analysis was performed for individual groups, with age, gender, Tanner stage, weight, height, body composition (lean and fat mass), acylated ghrelin, des-acyl ghrelin, leptin, glucose, insulin, and IGF-1, entered into the model. In healthy children, acylated ghrelin was a significant and independent negative predictor of WB BMD, and WB BMC/height, while lean mass was positively associated significantly with these bone measures. In contrast, in obese children, a positive significant association was observed between des-acyl ghrelin and WB BMD as well as WB BMC/height, along with lean mass, and to a lesser degree, with fat mass. Acylated as well as des-acyl ghrelin were not significant predictors of LS BMD and LS BMAD in obese as well as control children. Conclusions: The results of this investigation indicate that the influence of the two distinct isoforms of ghrelin on BMD is mediated by specific body composition parameters in obese and control healthy children. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Pre-diabetes, diabetes, insulin resistance in paediatrics patients; Background: Insulin resistance (IR) seems to be the nexus point at which many illnesses meet: diabetes mellitus type-2, cardiovascular diseases, hepatic illnesses, etc. The purpose of this study is: to evaluate the frequency of IR detection in paediatric patients over a period of two years. Methods: Retrospective study of the data of these patients (range: 0-14 years) in which the glucose and insulin levels were found to be 6 mmol/L for glucose and 25 U/mL for insulin). Result: The number of patients in which this was found to be the case was 307 (118 in 2006 vs 189 in 2007). Other diagnostics were: overweight n=41 (13.3 %); obesity n = 47 (15.3 %); morbid obesity n = 131 (42.6 %) arterial hypertension n = 13 (4.2 %), thyroid dysfunction n=24 (7.8 %); diabetes mellitus type 2 n=9 (2.9 %) steatosis n=7 (2,2 %); illnesses due to hormonal alterations (delayed growth, Cushing syndrome, precocious puberty), n=30 (9.7 %); iron deficiency anaemia 2 (0.6 %), bone diseases n = 3 (0.9 %); In all cases we found reduced total levels of protein, albumin, prealbumin, retinol binding protein, iron, calcium, zinc, copper and vitamins: B12,A,D3 and E and high levels of C-reactive protein. Conclusion: The results that we obtain would appear to suggest that the patients in our study suffered from insulin resistance syndrome, as part of a diabetic or prediabetic state, together with inflammation and malnutrition. ER  - 
Serum leptin levels in overweight children and adolescents; Leptin is an adipocyte-secreted hormone which plays a key role in energy homeostasis. Our aim was to determine the relationship between serum leptin and clinical and biochemical features in overweight children and adolescents. Overweight children and adolescents followed in this Unit with serum leptin ascertained were included. Clinical, biochemical and abdominal ultrasound data were analysed. Statistical analysis was performed by t test, X2, Pearson's correlation and linear regression. One outlier of serum leptin was excluded to perform correlation and regression. Serum leptin was determined in 357 patients. At the first visit, the mean age was 9.5 (SD 3.2) years and mean BMI z-score was 1.72 (SD 1.34) (girls 1.71 (SD 1.16); boys 1.72 (SD 1.11)). Serum leptin levels were significantly related to: sex (mean: girls 48.0 ng/ml, boys 34.4 ng/ml; P = 0.003); Tanner stage (mean: I-II 37.0 ng/ml, III-V 45.2 ng/ml; P = 0.035); systolic blood pressure (mean: normal 41.3 ng/ml, high 44.0 ng/ml; P = 0.009); BMI z-score (r 0.136; P = 0.010); C-peptide (r 0.17; P = 0.002); insulin (r 0.34; P < 0.001); homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) (r 0.25; P < 0.001) and aspartate aminotransferase (r ≥0.12; P = 0.023). In the multivariate analysis (with leptin as the dependent variable and sex, Tanner stage, BMI z-score, systolic blood pressure, aspartate aminotransferase, C-peptide, insulin and HOMA-IR as independent variables), sex and BMI were determinant factors. The present study in overweight children and adolescents showed that being female and greater BMI were significantly and independently associated with increased serum leptin. In this large cohort other associations with leptin described in the literature can be discharged. ER  - 
The effect of growth hormone treatment on metabolic and cardiovascular risk factors is similar in preterm and term short, small for gestational age children; Context We previously reported that short, small for gestational age (SGA) children who were born preterm have a lower body fat percentage and a higher blood pressure, insulin secretion and disposition index than short SGA children born at term. Whether preterm birth also influences these parameters during GH treatment is unknown. Objective To compare blood pressure, insulin sensitivity, beta-cell function and body composition during 4 years of GH treatment, between preterm and term short SGA children. Patients A total of 404 prepubertal non-GH-deficient short SGA children were divided into 143 preterm (< 36 weeks) and 261 term children. Outcome measures Height, blood pressure (n = 404), body composition measured by dual energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA) (n = 138) and insulin sensitivity and beta-cell function calculated from a frequent sampling intravenous glucose tolerance test (FSIGT) with tolbutamide (n = 74) or from the homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) (n = 204). Results In preterm and term children, GH treatment resulted in a similar decrease in systolic and diastolic blood pressure, body fat percentage, limb fat/total fat ratio and insulin sensitivity, and a similar increase in insulin secretion and disposition index. Lean body mass (LBM) corrected for gender and height increased in term children and did not change in preterm children. Multiple regression analysis revealed that this difference in GH effect on LBM was not associated with gestational age. Conclusion The effect of GH treatment on metabolic and cardiovascular risk factors is similar in preterm and term short, SGA children. © 2009 Blackwell Publishing Ltd. ER  - 
Obesity attenuates the contribution of African admixture to the insulin secretory profile in peripubertal children: A longitudinal analysis; The pubertal transition has been identified as a time of risk for development of type 2 diabetes, particularly among vulnerable groups, such as African Americans (AAs). Documented ethnic differences in insulin secretory dynamics may predispose overweight AA adolescents to risk for type 2 diabetes. The objectives of this longitudinal study were to quantify insulin secretion and clearance in a cohort of 90 AA and European American (EA) children over the pubertal transition and to explore the association of genetic factors and adiposity with repeated measures of insulin secretion and clearance during this critical period. Insulin sensitivity was determined by intravenous glucose tolerance test (IVGTT) and minimal modeling; insulin secretion and clearance by C-peptide modeling; genetic ancestry by admixture analysis. Mixed-model longitudinal analysis indicated that African genetic admixture (AfADM) was independently and positively associated with first-phase insulin secretion within the entire group (P < 0.001), and among lean children (P < 0.01). When examined within pubertal stage, this relationship became significant at Tanner stage 3. Total body fat was a significant determinant of first-phase insulin secretion overall and among obese children (P < 0.001). Total body fat, but not AfADM, was associated with insulin clearance (P < 0.001). In conclusion, genetic factors, as reflected in AfADM, may explain greater first-phase insulin secretion among peripubertal AA vs. EA; however, the influence of genetic factors is superseded by adiposity. The pubertal transition may affect the development of the Β-cell response to glucose in a manner that differs with ethnic/genetic background. © 2009 The Obesity Society. ER  - 
Absence of association between the INSIG2 gene polymorphism (rs7566605) and obesity in the European Youth Heart Study (EYHS); The first genome-wide association study for BMI identified a polymorphism, rs7566605, 10 kb upstream of the insulin-induced gene 2 (INSIG2) transcription start site, as the most significantly associated variant in children and adults. Subsequent studies, however, showed inconsistent association of this polymorphism with obesity traits. This polymorphism has been hypothesized to alter INSIG2 expression leading to inhibition of fatty acid and cholesterol synthesis. Hence, we investigated the association of the INSIG2 rs7566605 polymorphism with obesity- and lipid-related traits in Danish and Estonian children (930 boys and 1,073 girls) from the European Youth Heart Study (EYHS), a school-based, cross-sectional study of pre- and early pubertal children. The association between the polymorphism and obesity traits was tested using additive and recessive models adjusted for age, age-group, gender, maturity and country. Interactions were tested by including the interaction terms in the model. Despite having sufficient power (98%) to detect the previously reported effect size for association with BMI, we did not find significant effects of rs7566605 on BMI (additive, P = 0.68; recessive, P = 0.24). Accordingly, the polymorphism was not associated with overweight (P = 0.87) or obesity (P = 0.34). We also did not find association with waist circumference (WC), sum of four skinfolds, or with total cholesterol, triglycerides, low-density lipoprotein, or high-density lipoprotein. There were no gender-specific (P = 0.55), age-group-specific (P = 0.63) or country-specific (P = 0.56) effects. There was also no evidence of interaction between genotype and physical activity (P = 0.95). Despite an adequately powered study, our findings suggest that rs7566605 is not associated with obesity-related traits and lipids in the EYHS. © 2009 The Obesity Society. ER  - 
Psychosexual and psychosocial functions of anorchid young adults; Context: Prenatal exposure of the male fetus to androgen at wk 8-24 of gestation is essential for expression of male sex-typed behaviors in later life. Another peak of testosterone in male infants is demonstrated 1-5 months postnatally. The significance of this postnatal testosterone on male sex-typed behaviors remains to be elucidated. Bilateral congenital anorchia represents an example of an individual lacking postnatal testosterone. If postnatal testosterone surge is critical for male sex-typed behaviors, differences should be seen in this group of patients in comparison with men with functioning testes. Objective: The objective of the study was to examine the psychosexual function of males with anorchia. Design: This was a cross-sectional study. Setting: The study was conducted at the Royal Children's Hospital, Melbourne, Australia, a referral center. Patients and Interventions: Fifteen young male adults with anorchia and 15 healthy young males were enrolled in the study. All of them completed the same set of questionnaires evaluating general health and psychological health as well as sexuality. All had androgen replacement treatment to induce puberty and maintain adult androgen effect. Main Outcome Measures: General health, psychosocial, and psychosexual functionings according to the validated questionnaires were measured. Results: There were no differences in age, education, marital status, and identified gender between subjects and controls. No significant differences of general health, psychosocial, and psychosexual functionings of the subjects with anorchia and healthy young adults were demonstrated. Conclusion: A postnatal testosterone surge does not seem to be critical for male-typed sexual behaviors in men with anorchia when adolescent testosterone replacement has occurred. Copyright © 2009 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
A single nucleotide polymorphism on exon-4 of the gene encoding PPARδ is associated with reduced height in adults and children; Context: Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR)-δ is a nuclear transcription factor that plays a key role in many metabolic processes, including energy metabolism, and lipid and glucose metabolism. Candidate gene studies have identified a putative functional variant, rs2016520, in the gene encoding PPARδ (PPARD), which is associated in some studies with metabolic traits. In addition, this single-nucleotide polymorphism was associated with adult height in several whole-genome scans, but this association did not achieve whole genome significance. Objective: This study sought to determine whether PPARD variation influenced height. Design: Haplotype tagging analysis across PPARD was performed in about 11, 000 individuals from the Wellcome Trust U.K. Type 2 Diabetes Case Control Collection (Go-DARTS2). Results: There was an association between rs2016520 and height in both patients with type 2 diabetes and controls without diabetes (combined P = 5 × 10-5). In a metaanalysis using published data from Caucasian cohorts totaling more than 38, 000 participants, compelling evidence was found for this locus and its association with height (P = 10-8) with an overall effect size of about 0.5 cm per allele. A similar analysis in a group of 2700 prepubescent children also displayed a similar effect size to that seen in the adults. Conclusion: PPARD variation is clearly associated with a phenotype of reduced stature in both adults and children. Because height is an important indicator of metabolic and nutritional status, this provides additional support for a key role for PPARδ in critical metabolic functions. PPARδ may affect height through a variety of mechanisms including altered metabolic efficiency or effects on osteoclast function. Copyright © 2009 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
A single test of antimüllerian hormone in late reproductive-aged women is a good predictor of menopause; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to assess the capability of a single measurement of antimüllerian hormone (AMH) to predict menopause status in late reproductive-aged women. METHODS: A group of 147 women, naturally fertile, aged 40 to 50 years with regular menstrual cycles were selected from the Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study cohort. Participants were assessed three times at 3-year intervals (T1-T3), and their blood levels of AMH were measured. The World Health Organization classification was used to define menopause status. The area under the receiver operating characteristics curve was calculated to assess the ability of AMH at T1 to discriminate between women who have reached menopause status and those who have not. Cutoff points and their relevant sensitivity, specificity, and positive and negative predictive values were calculated. RESULTS: Of 147 women, menopause occurred in 60. With use of the AMH level at T1, the probability of an accurate prediction of not reaching menopause status within the next 6 years for women aged 40 to 50 years was 88% (area under the receiver operating characteristics curve, 0.88; 95% CI, 0.83-0.94; P < 0.001). A threshold of 0.39 ng/mL for AMH had the optimal combined sensitivity and specificity for prediction with a positive predictive value of 0.90 (95% CI, 0.81-0.96) and negative predictive value of 0.76 (95% CI, 0.65-0.86). Results for a slightly lower (0.365 ng/mL) and higher (0.49 ng/mL) AMH threshold had negligible effect. Stratified analysis for women aged 40 to 44 and 45 to 49 years produced similar results. CONCLUSIONS: Of every 10 women in late reproductive age with AMH levels greater than 0.39 ng/mL, only one will reach menopause status within the next 6 years. A single AMH measurement is a good predictor for the onset of menopause. © 2009 The North American Menopause Society. ER  - 
Are girls more insulin-resistant than boys?; Objective: The objective was to determine whether girls were more insulin-resistant than boys. Design and methods: Data from 1009 children (508 males) in 10 elementary schools, between April and September, 2007 were collected. BMI, waist circumference (WC), blood pressure, Tanner stage, lipids, insulin, and glucose were obtained. Results: One hundred and sixty five (16.4%) of the children were obese (> 95%ile), and 166 (16.5%) were overweight (85-95%ile). Mean HOMA-IR and insulin were higher among 10.0-13.9-year-old girls than boys. Multiple logistic regression using the 3rd quartile of HOMA-IR as the dependent variable showed that only BMI OR = 1.18 (95% CI 1.12-1.24; p < 0.001), Tanner OR = 1.39 (95% CI 1.12-1.73; p = 0.003) and triglycerides 1.005 (95% CI 1.00-1.01; p = 0.04) were significantly associated with insulin resistance while sex and HDL-C were not. Conclusions: This study showed that no significant sex-related differences were found, and HOMA-IR was associated with adiposity and pubertal stage suggesting that the higher values of HOMA-IR in girls than in boys could be due to their earlier pubertal development. © 2009 The Canadian Society of Clinical Chemists. ER  - 
The role of insulin like growth factor (IGF) - 1 and IGF - Binding protein-3 in diagnosis of Growth Hormone Deficiency in short stature children; Objective: The purpose of this study was to evaluate the role of IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 in diagnosis of short stature children and adolescents in whom Growth Hormone Deficiency (GHD) was found. Methods: In this cross sectional study the referred short stature children and adolescents to Namazi Hospital in Shiraz- Iran, in 2003-2005 were studied. The inclusion criteria were proved short stature based on the physical examination, weight, height, standard deviation score (SDS) of height < -2, with considering stage of puberty and predicted height in children without any genetic or chronic disorders. The exclusion criteria were any positive physical or laboratory data suggesting hypothyroidism, rickets or liver disorders. For all patients a provocative growth hormone test was performed with propranolol and L-dopa and serum IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 were measured. GHD defined as peak(cutoff) serum GH level under 10 ìg/L and low IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 considered as cutoff serum level under -2 standard deviation. Results: Eighty one short stature patients (39 boys and 42 girls) with mean age of 10.6 ± 3.5 years completed the study. Seventeen patients with GHD were found and in 18 patients IGF-1 level were low. Only in 6 patients both GH and IGF-1 were low and 2 of them had low IGFBP-3. There were no correlations between the levels of GH,IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 in children with short stature due to GHD. The sensitivity and specifity of IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 in assessment of GHD were 35% and 81% for IGF-1 and 12% and 94% for IGFBP-3, respectively. Conclusion: No correlations were found between GH level and serum levels of IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 in short patients and the sensitivity of those tests in assessment of GHD were poor. © 2009 Dr. K C Chaudhuri Foundation. ER  - 
Prevalence and incidence of endocrine and metabolic disorders in the united states: A comprehensive review; Context: There has not been a comprehensive compilation of data regarding the epidemiology of all endocrine and metabolic disorders in the United States. Evidence Acquisition: We included 54 disorders with clinical and public health significance. We identified population-based studies that provided U.S. prevalence and/or incidence data by searching PubMed in December 2007 for English-language reports, hand-searching reference lists of six textbooks of endocrinology, obtaining additional resources from identified experts in each subspecialty, and searching epidemiological databases and web sites of relevant organizations. When available, we selected articles with data from 1998 or later. Otherwise, we selected the article with the most recent data, broadest geographical coverage, and most stratifications by sex, ethnicity, and/or age. Ultimately, we abstracted data from 70 articles and 40 cohorts. Evidence Synthesis: Endocrine disorders with U.S. prevalence estimates of at least 5% in adults included diabetes mellitus, impaired fasting glucose, impaired glucose tolerance, obesity, metabolic syndrome, osteoporosis, osteopenia, mild-moderate hypovitaminosis D, erectile dysfunction, dyslipidemia, and thyroiditis. Erectile dysfunction and osteopenia/osteoporosis had the highest incidence in males and females, respectively. The least prevalent conditions, affecting less than 1% of the U.S. population, were diabetes mellitus in children and pituitary adenoma. Conditions with the lowest incidence were adrenocortical carcinoma, pheochromocytoma, and pituitary adenomas. Certain disorders, such as hyperparathyroidism and thyroid disorders, were more common in females. As expected, the prevalence of diabetes mellitus was highest among ethnic minorities. Sparse data were available on pituitary, adrenal, and gonadal disorders. Conclusions: The current review shows high prevalence and incidence of common endocrine and metabolic disorders. Defining the epidemiology of these conditions will provide clues to risk factors and identify areas to allocate public health and research resources. Copyright © 2009 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Metabolic and reproductive features before and during puberty in daughters of women with polycystic ovary syndrome; Context: A significant proportion of the first-degree female relatives of women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) may be at risk for developing PCOS. However, it is not known at which stage of pubertal development the hormonal and metabolic abnormalities ensue in PCOS. Objective: The aim of the study was to assess the reproductive and metabolic profiles of daughters of women with PCOS (PCOSd) during the peripubertal period, a stage during which the gonadal axis is activated and PCOS may become clinically manifest. Design: Ninety-nine PCOSd [30 prepubertal and 69 pubertal (Tanner II-V)] and 84 daughters of control women (Cd) (20 prepubertal and 64 pubertal) were studied. An oral glucose tolerance test, a GnRH agonist test (leuprolide acetate, 10 μg/kg sc), and a transabdominal ultrasound were performed. Gonadotropins, sex steroids, SHBG, glucose, insulin, and lipids were determined. Results: Both groups had similar chronological ages and body mass index SD scores according to Tanner stage distribution. Ovarian volume and 2-h insulin were significantly higher in PCOSd compared to Cd at all Tanner stages. In Tanner stages IV and V, basal testosterone and poststimulated LH, testosterone, and 17-hydroxyprogesterone concentrations were significantly higher in PCOSd compared to Cd. Conclusions: Hyperinsulinemia and an increased ovarian volume are present in PCOSd before the onset of puberty and persist during pubertal development. The biochemical abnormalities of PCOS appear during late puberty. Considering the early onset and the nature of the alterations, PCOSd constitute a high-risk group for metabolic and reproductive derangements. Copyright © 2009 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Youth insulin treatment and severe hypoglycemia risk. Medico-legal implications; Tight control of insulin treatment' results, in terms of hypo- or hyper-glycemia, is difficult to maintain in small children, because hypoglycemia may impair normal brain development which is not complete. Because pre-adolescents appear to be relatively protected from micro-vascular complications, the need for tight control might be less than in post-pubertal subjects. The danger of hypoglycemia is greater in infants and children because food intake, activity and adherance to treatment schedules are less predictable than in adults. Initially, we noticed an association between: increased number of injection, tight control and the occurence of hypoglycemia. We assess the effects of intensive, flexible insulin treatment with insulin analogues, after 3 months and 12 months, by measuring different parameters, including HbA1c and the number of severe hypoglycemic events (80 patients were enrolled.). After one year of intensive treatment with anlaogues of insuline, the number of severe hypoglycemic events decreased, combined with an intensified education. Because hypoglycemia is commonly seen in situations of medication error, homicide attempt and suicide attempt, sudden death, trafic accidents, strange behavior or aggressive status, memories black-outs etc., all incidents with great significance for forensic medicine, demonstration of it becomes a relevant objective. Physicians of children with diabetes should be aware of these consequences and a clinical judgment will be required in treatment options decision making. © 2009 Romanian Society of Legal Medicine. ER  - 
Factor analysis of metabolic syndrome components in severely obese girls and boys.; AIMS AND METHODS: Factor analysis is a multivariate correlation technique frequently employed to characterise the aggregation of abnormalities underlying the metabolic syndrome (MS), but scarcely used in obese adolescents. Aim of the study was to investigate the clustering of anthropometric and metabolic variables related to the MS in 487 obese pubertal adolescents (140 boys, 347 girls) in the range of age 11-18 yr employing the factor analysis with exploratory approach. RESULTS: Principal component analysis reduced 11 correlated physiological variables to 4 uncorrelated factors that explained 68.7% of the variance in the original parameters in boys, and 68.4% in girls. In boys, these factors were: obesity/ hypertension, insulin resistance, dyslipidemia, and hyperglycemia, with elements related to obesity and fat distribution loaded also in dyslipidemia and insulin resistance. In girls no commonalities were detected, but elements of dyslipidemia and insulin resistance were loaded in a single factor, whereas elements of obesity and hypertension were loaded in separate factors. CONCLUSIONS: The identification of 4 independent factors suggests a multiple physiological origin of the MS also in youngsters. The measures of adiposity were correlated with development of hypertension, insulin resistance, and dyslipidemic phenomena in boys only, whereas in girls anthropometric measures were not correlated with any tested component of the MS, possibly disclosing the protective effect of female sex hormones in the juvenile age span. ER  - 
Risk factors for osteoporosis in postmenopausal Shanghai women; Objective: To investigate the risk factors for osteoporosis in postmenopausal Shanghai women. Methods: 1. Subjects and BMD measurements: 500 postmenopausal community-dwelling Shanghai women aged 45-80 years were recruited. The case-control study was performed between June and September 2008. A total number of 250 cases with osteoporosis postmenopausal women were identified by clinical doctor with their bone mineral density (BMD), and 250 normal controls were selected. The bone mineral density (BMD) was measured by dual energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA). The WHO criteria to diagnose osteoporosis were used. 2. Determination of sample size: the assumption that exposure ratio (OR) of a typical risk factor is 2.0 in the two study groups, exposure rate of the factor was 20% in the control population, α =0.05, β = 0.1, according to case-control study sample size calculation formula can be calculated: about 230 persons each group. To consider certain rate defaulters, 250 persons were determined in each group. 3. Data collection: face to face question survey. Questionnaire about osteoporosis risk factors including age, height, weight, education, occupation, age of menarche, age of menopause (physiological or surgical), cigarette consumption, alcohol consumption, drink, coffin consumption, use of calcium, physical activity, vitamin D use, personal history of fragility fracture, family history of osteoporosis, maternal history of fragility fracture, chronic diseases, surgical history, history of fall, use of corticosteroids, thyroxin, warfarin, immune-suppressors, thiazides and antiresorptive drugs. 4. Data analysis: logistic regression models were used, odds ratios were calculated to estimate. Statistical analysis was used SPSS11.0. Results: 1. Single factor logistic regression analysis showed age, education, occupation, duration of menopause, BMI, use of calcium, personal history of fragility fracture, often fall, diabetes mellitus, chronic gastropathy, and gastrointestinal resection might be the risk factors for osteoporosis; 2. Multiple logistic regression showed that age, duration of menopause, and BMI might be the risk factors for osteoporosis. Conclusion: Multiple factors may impact on the osteoporosis in postmenopausal Shanghai women. In particular early menopause, low BMI and older women should pay attention to prevention and treatment of osteoporosis. ER  - 
Fertility in adults with congenital adrenal hyperplasia: Congenital adrenal hyperplasia adult study executive (CaHASE); CaHASE is a multicentre cross-sectional study of the health status of adults with congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH). Although fertility is considered to be reduced in both sexes, few published series report the proportion that has actively sought pregnancy. About 203 patients were recruited from 17 centres. Four patients (3, 11-hydroxylase, 1 HSD3B2 deficient) were excluded from analysis. Table Present Males: About 30/65 (including 2 with 46XX genotype reared as male in the 1950s) had a long term partner. 24/65 had attempted pregnancy. 16/24 (67%) were successful, 11 of whom had originally presented with a salt-wasting crisis(25 spontaneous live births, 2 live births following fertility treatment, 2 current pregnancies). 11/16 (69%) patients investigated with ultrasound had evidence of testicular adrenal rest tumours (TART). A further 4 had previously undergone orchidectomy. Females: Menarche was spontaneous in 107/134 (80%) at median (range) age 13(9-25) years. Menstrual cycles in pre-menopausal women (data for 101) were regular (44/101), regular with oral contraception (21/101), oligomenorrhoea (19/101) and amenorrhoea (17/101). 92/134 (69%) had undergone genital reconstruction, 38 more than once, 21 in adulthood. Polycystic ovaries were seen in 8/23 (35%) investigated with pelvic ultrasound. 47/134 (35%) had sought pregnancy (21/31 non-classic, 26/103 classic). 28/47 (14 non-classic, 14 classic) reported 46 live births (including 6 following fertility treatment). Conclusion: In this series only 14% of females with classic CAH had a history of successful pregnancy. Proportionately more non-classic females had sought pregnancy with a higher success rate. Fertility in males was encouraging with a positive outcome in 67%. Testicular ultrasound, where employed, had a high diagnostic yield for TART. CaHASE are grateful to the Society for Endocrinology for the management of the project and The Clinical Endocrinology Trust for their financial support. ER  - 
Breast cancer in young women: Risk factors and primary prevention strategies; High serum levels of steroid sex hormones, and of bio-available insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) are associated with an increased risk of breast cancer (BC) (1,2). Furthermore, insulin and markers of insulin resistance such as abdominal obesity, high blood glucose, and metabolic syndrome may effect both BC incidence and prognosis (2). Overweight and obesity are associated with an increased risk of BC after menopause and the association decreases markedly controlling for endogenous estrogens. Epidemiological studies on BC and obesity showed either no association or slightly reduced BC risk before menopause. Furthermore, women who were overweight at the age of menarche have a lower BC risk in adulthood (2). Serum levels of testosterone, IGF-I and glucose, however, predict the risk BC before menopause (2). Ten to twenty percent of patients who develop BC before the age of 40 are likely to have inherited a deleterious mutation of BRCA genes. Such mutations confer very high lifetime risks of developing BC (lifetime penetrance 36%-85%). A sizeable proportion of mutation carriers, however, does not develop the disease at all or develop it only late in life. Therefore, the penetrance of the genetic trait may be regulated through other genetic or environmental factors. A case-control study on BRCA mutation carriers showed that high energy intake (usually associated with higher bio-availability of growth factors) was positively and significantly associated with BC risk, while weight control through dietary energy intake restriction appeared as an important protective factor (3). Consistently with the observation, physical activity during adolescence emerged as a protective factor in BRCA mutation carriers (4). Recently, a multinational case-only study (C.O.S.) (5) showed a risk association between early age at starting oral contraceptive use and familial BC. The same study showed a significant positive association with high consumption of milk (5). Milk, directly stimulates insulin production or release and is associated with higher plasma levels of IGF-I. Confirming an association of these factors in BRCA mutation carriers, would help to develop primary prevention recommendations for women belonging to high risk families. ER  - 
Pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic profile of a new sustained-release GH formulation, LB03002, in children with GH deficiency; Objective: LB03002 is a novel, sustained-release recombinant human GH, developed for once-a-week s.c. injection. To evaluate the suitability for long-term GH replacement therapy in children with GH deficiency (GHD), the present study assessed the pharmacokinetic (PK) and pharmacodynamic (PD) profiles of LB03002 at three doses. Study design and patients: The randomised, comparator-controlled, assessor-blinded, phase II study assessed 37 (24 boys, 13 girls) pre-pubertal, GH-naïve children with GHD, in 11 European centres, for PK and PD analyses. GH, IGF1 and IGFBP3 concentrations were measured following the last daily GH dose and the first and 13th once-a-week administration of LB03002 at doses of 0.2, 0.5 or 0.7 mg/kg. Results: GHCmax values after the three doses of LB03002 were increased up to fourfold, with a clear dose proportionality. For each LB03002 dose, GH area under the concentration versus time curve did not increase from the first to 13th (month 3) administration, indicating no accumulation of circulating GH. IGF1 Cmax showed a progressive increase during LB03002 administration. Conversely, IGFBP3 showed a rapid increase in Cmax. IGF1 SDS were fully normalised after 3 months of treatment, whereas IGFBP3 SDS were already in the normal range for all the three LB03002 dosages after 1 week. Conclusions: At the doses used, LB03002 has a suitable profile for long-term treatment to promote growth in children with GHD. The quantitative changes in IGF1 and IGFBP3 indicate adequate stimulation of the IGF system by LB03002 and the pattern of increase is comparable with that seen in GHD children in a standard IGF1 generation test using daily GH. © 2009 European Society of Endocrinology. ER  - 
Growth response to an individualized versus fixed dose GH treatment in short children born small for gestational age: The OPTIMA study; Objective: Initial GH-induced catch up growth is highly variable in short children born small for gestational age (SGA) and mainly influenced by age at start of therapy and GH dose. This study compared the first year growth-promoting effect of an individually adjusted GH dose (IAD) versus a fixed high GH dose (FHD) in pre-pubertal children born SGA with severe short stature. Design: This was a randomized, open-label, multi-center study. Methods: The FHD group received 0.067 mg/kg per day GH throughout the 12-month study. The IAD group initially received 0.035 mg/kg per day GH; at 3 months the Cologne growth-prediction model for first year change in height SDS was applied; if predicted change was <0.75, GH was increased to 0.067 mg/kg per day for the remaining 9 months, otherwise the initial dose was continued. Results: In the IAD group, 38 out of the 80 patients required the higher GH dose from month 3. From an ANCOVA for non-inferiority, mean difference in change in height SDS between IAD and FHD groups was -0.24 (95% confidence interval (CI) -0.35: -0.12), the CI for height SDS being above the pre-defined non-inferiority margin of -0.5. GH dose reductions due to IGF-I SDS >0.5 and IGFBP-3 SDS < -0.5 were performed in 4/ 99 FHD patients, but none of the IAD group patients. Safety data were similar between groups. Conclusion: With a mean treatment group difference of 1 cm in 12-month growth response, although statistically significant, the IAD group was considered non-inferior compared with the FHD group. Early growth prediction can be used to tailor the dose to the individual patient's needs, resulting in lower overall GH dose. © 2009 European Society of Endocrinology. ER  - 
Does an altered leptin axis play a role in obesity among children and adolescents with classical congenital adrenal hyperplasia due to 21-hydroxylase deficiency?; Objective: Congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH) patients are at a higher risk to develop obesity. The role of leptin in CAH is still controversial. Our study aimed to evaluate serum levels of leptin, the soluble leptin receptor (sOB-R), and the sOB-R: leptin molar ratios in a cohort of CAH children and adolescents, and their associations with clinical and metabolic parameters. Methods: We studied 51 CAH patients, aged 5.6-19.6 years (median 11.8, n=30 females) cross-sectionally. All patients had genetically proven CAH and received standard steroid substitution therapy. Blood specimens were taken after overnight fasting between 0800 and 1000 h. For the analyses of leptin and sOB-R, matched pairs were built with healthy Caucasian patients for sex, Tanner stage (TS), chronologic age (CA), and body mass index (BMI). Results: BMI and SDS were significantly elevated compared with the reference population. Leptin levels were not different between matched pairs, whereas sOB-R levels were significantly lower in CAH. Consequently, the sOB-R: leptin molar ratios were significantly decreased in CAH. Correlation analyses in CAH patients revealed significant relationship between leptin and CA, TS, BMI, and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance. Similar results were obtained for the matched control group. For sOB-R, we found no significant correlation for CA, TS, or BMI in CAH, but we did in the controls. There were significant correlations for androgens within the CAH group. Additional analyses revealed no correlation with steroid medication or metabolic control. Conclusions: Our data show that an altered leptin axis with normal serum leptin concentrations but decreased sOB-R serum levels may contribute to the increased risk of overweight and obesity in CAH. © 2009 European Society of Endocrinology. ER  - 
Impact of growth hormone (GH) deficiency and GH replacement upon thymus function in adult patients; Background: Despite age-related adipose involution, T cell generation in the thymus (thymopoiesis) is maintained beyond puberty in adults. In rodents, growth hormone (GH), insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1), and GH secretagogues reverse age-related changes in thymus cytoarchitecture and increase thymopoiesis. GH administration also enhances thymic mass and function in HIV-infected patients. Until now, thymic function has not been investigated in adult GH deficiency (AGHD). The objective of this clinical study was to evaluate thymic function in AGHD, as well as the repercussion upon thymopoiesis of GH treatment for restoration of GH/ IGF-1 physiological levels. Methodology/Principal Findings: Twenty-two patients with documented AGHD were enrolled in this study. The following parameters were measured: plasma IGF-1 concentrations, signal-joint T-cell receptor excision circle (sjTREC) frequency, and sj/β TREC ratio. Analyses were performed at three time points: firstly on GH treatment at maintenance dose, secondly one month after GH withdrawal, and thirdly one month after GH resumption. After 1-month interruption of GH treatment, both plasma IGF-1 concentrations and sjTREC frequency were decreased (p<0.001). Decreases in IGF-1 and sjTREC levels were correlated (r = 0.61, p<0.01). There was also a decrease in intrathymic T cell proliferation as indicated by the reduced sj/β TREC ratio (p<0.01). One month after reintroduction of GH treatment, IGF-1 concentration and sjTREC frequency regained a level equivalent to the one before GH withdrawal. The sj/β TREC ratio also increased with GH resumption, but did not return to the level measured before GH withdrawal. Conclusions: In patients with AGHD under GH treatment, GH withdrawal decreases thymic T cell output, as well as intrathymic T cell proliferation. These parameters of thymus function are completely or partially restored one month after GH resumption. These data indicate that the functional integrity of the somatotrope GH/IGF-1 axis is important for the maintenance of a normal thymus function in human adults. © 2009 Morrhaye et al. ER  - 
Diagnosis of growth hormone (GH) deficiency: Comparison of pituitary stalk interruption syndrome and transient GH deficiency; Background: Most patients with childhood non-organic growth hormone (GH) deficiency (GHD) produce a normal GH peak as young adults. Our objectives were to better define this transient GHD and evaluate the factors influencing the growth response of patients with pituitary stalk interruption syndrome (PSIS). Methods: We studied 72 prepubertal patients with a GH peak < 6.7 ng/ml after 2 stimulation tests, treated with 0.2 mg GH/kg/w for at least 3 years. Group 1 (n = 53, 4.7 ± 4.0 years) had PSIS and Group 2 (n = 19, 9.2 ± 3.0 years) had transient GHD and normal pituitary. Results: At diagnosis, 64% of Group 1 and one Group 2 were < 5 years old. The growth rate of 59% Group 1 and two Group 2 patients was ≤ -2 SDS. The GH peak of 64% Group 1 patients and no Group 2 patients was < 3 ng/ml. The plasma insulin-like growth factor-1 of all Group 1 and all but one Group 2 patients was ≤ -2 z scores. During the first year of GH treatment, the growth rate was ≥ 2 SDS in 81% Group 1 and 37% Group 2 patients. In Group 1, it was negatively correlated with the GH peak before treatment (P < 0.03), and with the difference between the target and adult heights (P < 0.01). The height gain SDSs between diagnosis and adult height were 1.7 ± 1.2 in Group 1 (n = 30) and 1.08 ± 0.8 in Group 2 (n = 12, P = 0.05). Conclusion: The factors of the growth response to GH treatment should be analysed separately for each population: with and without PSIS or other markers. © 2009 Louvel et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
LRP5 in premature adrenarche and in metabolic characteristics of prepubertal children; Objective Premature adrenarche (PA) is associated with unfavourable metabolic characteristics. We hypothesized that genetic variation in low density lipoprotein (LDL) receptor-related protein 5 (LRP5), which is involved in Wnt signalling in the adrenal cortex and in cholesterol metabolism, plays a role in the pathogenesis of PA. Design and patients We performed a cross-sectional association study in 73 Finnish children with PA and 97 age- and gender-matched healthy controls. Measurements LRP5 genotypes were determined by direct sequencing. Single-marker associations with clinical-metabolic characteristics, including adrenocortical function, glucose tolerance and lipid profile, were examined with age and gender as covariates. Results Nineteen single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in LRP5 were found in the 170 children. No significant differences in the genotype distributions were observed between the PA and control groups. SNPs A1330V and N740N were associated with higher serum dehydroepiandrosterone sulphate (DHEAS) levels in the control subjects (A/A vs. A/a; mean 0·8 vs. 1·4 μmol/l, P = 0·01). They were also associated with higher plasma levels of total (4·2 vs. 4·7 mmol/l, P = 0·02) and LDL cholesterol (2·4 vs. 2·9 mmol/l, P = 0·02) in the control group, as was SNP V1119V (P = 0·04 and P = 0·03, respectively). SNPs F549F and V1119V were associated with higher systolic blood pressure (P = 0·04 and P = 0·02, respectively). There were no differences in the parameters of glucose metabolism between the genotype groups. Conclusions Genetic variation in LRP5 did not predispose to PA but was associated with metabolic characteristics, especially lipid profile, in healthy prepubertal children. © 2009 Blackwell Publishing Ltd. ER  - 
Adiponectin levels are high in children with classic congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH) due to 21-hydroxylase deficiency; Objective: It has been shown that adiponectin serves as an insulin-sensitizing adipokine. Serum concentrations of adiponectin are low in children with obesity, and increase with fat mass loss, indicating that adiponectin can serve as a biomarker. Since the prevalence of overweight and obesity is increased in children with congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH), our study aimed to evaluate serum levels of adiponectin in a cohort of CAH children and adolescents, and their associations with clinical parameters such as chronological age (CA), body mass index (BMI), Tanner stage (TS), medication and metabolic control. Patients and methods: We studied 51 patients, aged between 5.6 and 19.6 years (median 11.8; 30 females, 21 males), cross-sectionally. All patients had genetically confirmed CAH and received standard steroid substitution therapy. Adiponectin was measured by an enzyme linked immunoassay. Since BMI SDS of the CAH cohort were significantly higher compared to the reference population, we built matched pairs with healthy Caucasian subjects from a normal representative cohort for sex, Tanner stage, chronologic age and BMI. Results: Adiponectin concentrations were significantly higher in CAH patients (median 11 μg/L) compared to the matched controls (6.7 μg/L, p < 0.0001). Correlation analyses in CAH patients revealed a significant inverse relationship between adiponectin and CA, TS, BMI, serum DHEAS and serum testosterone, but no correlation with hydrocortisone and fludrocortisone dosage. Conclusion: Currently, the importance of the elevated adiponectin concentrations in CAH children for risk assessment is not clear. However, our data imply that besides adequate metabolic control of glucocorticoid substitution, a long-term follow-up of other metabolic markers of insulin resistance should be conducted in CAH patients. ©2009 Foundation Acta Pædiatrica/Acta Pædiatrica. ER  - 
Sex hormone-binding globulin levels predict insulin sensitivity, disposition index, and cardiovascular risk during puberty; OBJECTIVE - Early puberty is associated with increased risk of subsequent cardiovascular disease. Low sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) levels are a feature of early puberty and of conditions associated with increased cardiovascular risk. The aim of the present study was to evaluate SHBG as a predictor of glucose metabolism and metabolic risk during puberty. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - This was a cross-sectional study on 132 healthy Caucasian children and adolescents evaluated by an oral glucose tolerance test, a dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry scan, direct oxygen uptake measurement during cycle ergometry, and fasting blood samples. RESULTS - SHBG levels declined with advancement of puberty in both boys (P < 0.001) and girls (P = 0.019). SHBG was significantly positively associated with insulin sensitivity in boys (P < 0.001) and girls (P < 0.001). In addition, SHBG was a strong predictor of insulin sensitivity (P = 0.001) and the only predictor of the disposition index (P = 0.031) after adjustment for puberty, fat mass, and aerobic fitness. SHBG was significantly negatively associated with metabolic risk (P = 0.032) and with hypersensitive C-reactive protein levels (P = 0.030) after adjustment for relevant confounders. CONCLUSIONS - SHBG was a strong predictor of insulin sensitivity and metabolic risk during puberty. Thus, we hypothesize that SHBG integrates the marked changes in glucose metabolism and body composition that occur during the pubertal transition. © 2009 by the American Diabetes Association. ER  - 
Reproductive history and pancreatic cancer incidence and mortality in a cohort of postmenopausal women; There is inconsistent evidence about the effect of reproductive history on women's risk of pancreatic cancer. In the Million Women Study, a prospective cohort of middle-aged women in the United Kingdom, we examined associations between reproductive history and pancreatic cancer incidence and mortality, controlling for age, socioeconomic status, geographic region, body mass index, smoking, and history of diabetes. During 7.1 million person-years of follow-up in 995,192 postmenopausal women, there were 1,182 incident pancreatic cancers. Pancreatic cancer incidence and mortality did not vary significantly with age at menarche, number of children, age at first birth, breast-feeding, type of menopause, age at menopause, or time since menopause. Any effect of reproductive history and pancreatic cancer risk in women is likely to be weak, if it exists at all. Copyright © 2009 American Association for Cancer Research. ER  - 
Impact of obesity on metabolic syndrome components and adipokines in prepubertal children; Objective: To verify the impact of obesity on metabolic syndrome components and adipokine levels in prepubertal children. Methods: This cross-sectional study compared 30 obese, 31 overweight and 33 eutrophic children attending a university hospital-based outpatient pediatric clinic. Parameters assessed included glucose, serum lipids, insulin, homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), glucose/insulin relation, adiponectin, and leptin. We compared the frequency of acanthosis nigricans and changes in waist, blood pressure, glucose, serum lipids, and insulin. The correlation between body mass index (BMI) z score and adipokines was evaluated. Results: Among obese children, there was a difference in the mean values of HDL cholesterol and adiponectin, whereas among the eutrophic children, there was a difference in the mean values of insulin, HOMA-IR, glucose/insulin relation, and leptin (p < 0.001). A difference was also observed regarding the frequency of acanthosis nigricans and alteration in waist and HDL cholesterol (p < 0.005) in the obese group. The BMI z score showed a positive correlation with leptin (p < 0.001) and a negative correlation with adiponectin (p = 0.001). In multiple linear regression, this correlation was maintained only for leptin; HDL-cholesterol correlated with adiponectin (p = 0.007) and HOMA-IR correlated with both variables (p < 0.05). Conclusion: These findings provide evidence of the influence of obesity on metabolic syndrome components and on adipokine levels in prepubertal children, indicating that these components may contribute to the beginning of cardiovascular diseases. Copyright © 2009 by Sociedade Brasileira de Pediatria. ER  - 
The effect of puberty on insulin resistance in obese children; Objective: Insulin resistance (IR) increases during puberty in normal children. IR is the first adverse metabolic event of obesity, and the marker of the metabolic syndrome. We aimed to study the effect of puberty on IR in obese and normal-weight children. Design: Cross-sectional evaluation of fasting glucose, insulin concentrations, and homeostasis model assessment of IR (HOMA-IR) in obese and control children throughout puberty. Patients and methods: We recruited 424 obese children (207 pre-pubertal and 217 pubertal divided in Tanner stages 2-3, 4, and 5) and estimated IR using the HOMA-IR index. Data were compared to those obtained in 123 healthy normal-weight children (40 pre-pubertal and 83 pubertal divided in Tanner stages 2-3, 4, and 5). Results: In the obese children mean HOMA-IR increased progressively across Tanner stages, and was significantly higher in all groups (pre-pubertal and Tanner stages 2-3, 4, and 5) of obese than in control children. HOMA-IR was significantly correlated with BMI. Conclusions: HOMA-IR in obese children increases at puberty more than in normal-weight children and does not return to pre-pubertal values at the end of puberty. ©2009, Editrice Kurtis. ER  - 
Association of the -243 A→G polymorphism of the glutamate decarboxylase 2 gene with obesity in girls with premature pubarche; Objective: To test the a priori hypothesis that the frequency of a single-nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) located in the promoter region of the glutamate decarboxylase 2 (GAD2) gene (-243A→G) would be overrepresented among children with higher body mass index (BMI) values. Design: Genotype-phenotype correlation study. Setting: University-based pediatric endocrinology practice. Patient(s): Eighty-seven girls with PP and 70 adolescent girls with hyperandrogenism. Intervention(s): Blood was obtained for genotype analysis, glucose measurement, and hormone (Δ4-A, insulin, 17-hydroxyprogesterone, and T) determinations. Main Outcome Measure(s): Frequency of this SNP in the GAD2 gene and correlation of this SNP with BMI and hormone concentrations. Result(s): Among the girls followed longitudinally, the presence of one or more G alleles was associated with increased BMI at both initial and recent visits and with greater BMI z score at the initial visit. No associations were found between androgen concentrations and the G-allele variant. Conclusion(s): Similar to the findings among French children, this SNP in the GAD2 gene was associated with increased BMI in late childhood and adolescence in this population of girls from western Pennsylvania. Additional prospective studies that replicate our findings are crucial. Verification of our findings will encourage the use of lifestyle interventions for young girls who carry the G allele. © 2009 American Society for Reproductive Medicine. ER  - 
Associations of acylated and desacylated ghrelin with insulin resistance in children and adolescents with metabolic syndrome; Background and Aim: Ghrelin, a peptide mainly derived from the stomach, plays a pivotal role in the regulation of food intake as well as energy metabolism and storage. Total plasma ghrelin concentration (T-Ghr) is associated positively with insulin sensitivity and is reduced in obesity. Ghrelin circulates in acylated (A-Ghr) and desacylated (D-Ghr) forms, but their potential differential associations with insulin resistance and whether they are differentially altered in childhood obesity remain undefined. Thus, we investigated the associations of ghrelin forms with insulin resistance in obese and non obese children and the impact of metabolic syndrome (MS) on their plasma concentrations. Methods: Design-Prospective cross-sectional study. Patients-A total of 103 obese children [age, 9.6± 2.8 y; body mass index-standard deviation score (SDS), 2.13±0.57], and 97 lean subjects (age, 8.9±3.7 y) with and without components ofMSwere included in the study. Measurements-Fasting blood glucose, insulin, lipid profile, and acylated and total ghrelin were examined. Insulin resistance was determined by a homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). Definitions-We defined MS in presence of 3 of the following criteria: obesity, hypertension, low HDL cholesterol, elevated triglycerides, and impaired fasting glucose and/or insulin resistance. Results: Compared to lean subjects, obese children had highly significantly lower T-Ghr and D-Ghr levels (P<0.0001), but only just significantly lower A-Ghr (P = 0.04), and higher A/D-Ghr ratio. In the entire population, after adjustment for age, gender, and Tanner stage, insulin levels and HOMA-IR were negatively associated with T-Ghr and D-Ghr, and positively associated with A/D-Ghr ratio. These associations remained significant even after correction for BMI-SDS. No correlation was observed for A-Ghr. T-Ghr as well as D-Ghr levels were significantly lower in the obese patients with MS compared to those without it, while A/D-Ghr ratio was higher, and they decreased or increased, respectively, with the number of the components of MS (P<0.01 for trend). No differences were observed with respect to A-Ghr. Compared with lean healthy children, lean subjects with 1 or more components of MS had higher A-Ghr concentrations as well as A/D-Ghr ratio (P<0.05), along with higher levels of insulin and Homa-IR. No differences were observed in T-Ghr and D-Ghr values. Conclusions: Our study suggests that elevated A-Ghr in terms of a fraction of total circulating hormone could negatively modulate insulin action in obese as well as nonobese children, and contribute to the association of insulin resistance and metabolic syndrome. ER  - 
Determinants of insulin resistance and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in children; Background and Aim: The contribution of metabolic syndrome (MS) to chronic diseases is complex with insulin resistance as the underlying mechanism. In addition, insulin resistance and NAFLD appear to be correlated since childhood. Therefore, we compared the metabolic and cardiovascular risk factors among children and adolescents with and without obesity and/or metabolic abnormality, and investigated determinants of insulin resistance and NAFLD in this age group. Methods: Design-Prospective cross-sectional study. Patients-A total of 118 obese children [age, 11.1±3.2 y; BMI-standard deviation score (SDS), 2.18±0.4] and 63 lean subjects (age, 10.7±3.8 y) with and without components of MS were studied. Measurements-Fasting blood glucose, insulin, lipid profile, apolipoproteins (Apo) A and B, uric acid, and alanine aminotransferase (ALT) were examined. Sonographic findings of liver and carotid intima-media thickness (IMT) were determined. Insulin resistance was determined by a homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). Definitions-HOMA-IR changes during childhood depending on the age, gender and pubertal stage. We have, therefore, considered HOMA-IR values above the 95th percentile for age and sex an indicator of insulin resistance. We defined MS in presence of 3 of the following criteria: obesity, hypertension, low HDL cholesterol, elevated triglycerides, and impaired fasting glucose and/or insulin resistance, and NAFLD as the coexistence of elevated serum ALT and increased liver echogenicity in the sonographic evaluation. Results: The mean value of serum lipids, ApoB/ApoA ratio, insulin, HOMA-IR, ALT, and uric acid, as well as carotid IMT was higher in the obese group with MS followed by the groups of obese children without MS, lean subjects with one or more components of MS, and healthy lean subjects. The mean HDL cholesterol was lower in obese patients with MS than in the other groups. BMI and waist circumference, systolic blood pressure, triglycerides, HDL cholesterol, uric acid, ApoB/ApoA ratio, and carotid IMT had significant associations with HOMA IR and ALT, after controlling for age, gender and pubertal stage. Logistic regression analysis revealed that waist circumference, triglycerides, uric acid, and ApoB/ ApoA ratio, increased the risk of insulin resistance and NAFLD among study children. Carotid IMT was significantly associated with insulin resistance and NAFLD. Conclusions: We found significant association between insulin resistance and NAFLD with similar risk factors for these 2 interrelated disorders. The association of carotid IMT with insulin resistance and NAFLD might suggest that the liver and the vessels share common mediators. ER  - 
Serum uric acid and its association with metabolic syndrome and carotid atherosclerosis in obese children; Objective: The association between hyperuricemia, metabolic syndrome (MS), and atherosclerotic vascular disease has been reported in adults, but very little is known about this association in children. The aims of our study were to ascertain the correlates of uric acid (UA) in a sample of obese children, and to investigate whether UA is associated with carotid intima-media thickness (IMT) independently from classical risk factors including MS. Methods: We analyzed carotid IMT along with serum triglycerides, total and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, glucose, insulin, insulin resistance index (as homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance), alanine aminotransferase, g-glutamyltransferase, creatinine, and UA in 120 obese children and 50 healthy control children. Results: UA concentrations were significantly higher in obese children compared with controls; moreover, they correlated with the most established cardiovascular risk factors. In the group of obese children, after adjustment for age, sex, pubertal stage, and creatinine, an independent association between UA levels and the presence of MS syndrome was observed (unstandardized coefficient, 0.044 (95% confidence intervals (CI) 0.015-0.072); P!0.01). Carotid IMT significantly increased in the fourth quartile of UA compared with that in the first, second, and third quartile (0.49 (0.46-0.53), 0.53 (0.49-0.56), and 0.55 (0.52-0.59) vs 0.61 (95% CI, 0.58-0.64); P!0.01). When multivariate analysis was performed after adjusting for age, gender, pubertal stage, creatinine, and MS (considered as a single clinical entity), or the individual components of MS simultaneously included, the association between UA and carotid IMT was significant (P<0.01). Conclusions: In obese children and adolescents, increased UA levels are associated with carotid atherosclerosis. © 2009 European Society of Endocrinology. ER  - 
The IGF system and cytokine interactions and relationships with longitudinal growth in prepubertal patients with cystic fibrosis; Objective Growth delay is a feature of patients with cystic fibrosis (CF). CF is a condition characterized by chronic inflammation that has been shown to modify the IGF system, which is essential for normal growth, and is related to pulmonary function in CF patients. We aimed to verify whether circulating levels of tumour necrosis factor (TNF)-α, interleukin (IL)-6, insulin and the IGF system were related and/or had relationships with linear growth in children with CF. Design and patients Seventeen prepubertal CF patients (nine males and eight females) in a stable clinical condition were enrolled. Auxological parameters, pulmonary function and the Shwachman-Kulczycki (S-K) score were assessed, and serum samples were drawn at baseline and after 12 months. Measurements TNF-α, IL-6, IGF-I, IGF-II, IGFBP-1, IGFBP-2, IGFBP-3 and insulin were assayed using specific commercial kits. Results At baseline, TNF-α serum concentration was related to serum IGF-I concentration (R = 0·53), IGF-II bioactivity (IGF-II/IGFBP-3 molar ratio, R = +0·52) and insulin concentration (R = +0·63). Changes in serum IL-6 and IGFBP-2 concentrations during the 12-month observation were positively correlated (R = +0·63). Changes in height standard deviation score (Ht SDS) were correlated with IGF-I serum concentrations at baseline (R = +0·67) and after 12 months (R = +0·70), with IGF-I bioavailability and with IGFBP-1 serum concentrations (R = -0·88). Body mass index (BMI) SDS correlated with IGF bioavailability. Conclusions This study showed a relationship between inflammatory status and the IGF system, and an effect of these interactions on longitudinal growth. Moreover, a role for insulin in growth was identified. Better control of inflammation and preservation of insulin secretion could benefit these patients. © 2009 Blackwell Publishing Ltd. ER  - 
Association between leptin and transaminases: 1-year follow-up study in 180 overweight children; Leptin and insulin resistance are being discussed to be involved in the pathogenesis of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, which is frequently characterized by moderately elevated transaminases. However, longitudinal studies proving an association between leptin, insulin resistance, and transaminases are scarce. We examined weight status, aspartate aminotransferase (AST), alanine aminotransferase (ALT), leptin, glucose, and insulin in 180 overweight children at baseline and 1 year later. Relationships between these parameters at baseline and their changes in the course of 1 year were determined by multiple regression analysis adjusted for age, sex, pubertal stage, and body mass index (BMI). Leptin but not homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance index correlated significantly to transaminases in both cross-sectional and longitudinal analyses. The same findings were observed in 30 children with suspected nonalcoholic fatty liver disease by ultrasound. The 130 children who participated in a 1-year lifestyle intervention reduced their overweight (standard deviation score [SDS]-BMI, -0.37 ± 0.11). In the course of 1 year, their changes of transaminases depended on change of weight status (SDS-BMI decrease >0.5: ALT 12 [10-15] → 9 [8-13] U/L, AST 11 [9-12] → 9 [8-12] U/L; SDS-BMI decrease >0 but ≤0.5: ALT 14 [11-18] → 16 [12-26] U/L, AST 10 [8-14] → 10 [8-24] U/L; no SDS-BMI decrease: ALT 13 [11-20] → 20[13-33] U/L, AST 11 [9-21] → 15 [9-24] U/L; data as median and interquartile range). The 50 children without intervention increased their SDS-BMI (+0.02 ± 0.18) and transaminases (ALT 14 [11-18] → 19 [15-25] U/L, AST 10 [8-15] → 16 [10-25] U/L). These findings suggest that leptin may be involved in the pathogenesis of liver diseases. However, to test this hypothesis, careful histologic assessments in correlation to leptin levels are needed. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Elevated coagulation and inflammatory markers in adolescents with a history of premature adrenarche; Females with a history of premature adrenarche are at high risk of developing polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and features of the metabolic syndrome later in life. Coagulation disorders, subclinical inflammation, and oxidative stress have been reported in patients with PCOS and metabolic syndrome. These factors were studied in a group of adolescents with a history of premature adrenarche. This is a cross-sectional study that determined the biochemical-hormonal profile and indices of inflammation, coagulation, and oxidative stress in 45 adolescent girls with a history of premature adrenarche and 19 age- and body mass index-matched controls. Girls with premature adrenarche had hyperandrogenism and higher indices of insulin resistance than controls. They also had significantly higher C-reactive protein (0.76 ± 0.65 vs 0.41 ± 0.31 mg/L, P = .0001) and plasminogen activator inhibitor 1 (37.6 ± 24.7 vs 24.47 ± 4.6 ng/mL, P = .034), and lower tissue plasminogen activator values in comparison with controls (3.5 ± 1.5 vs 5.2 ± 2.12 ng/mL, P = .0019). Both C-reactive protein(r = 0.545, P = .0001) and plasminogen activator inhibitor 1 (r = 0.36, P = .04) were positively correlated with oxidative stress, whereas tissue plasminogen activator was positively correlated (r = 0.37, P = .02) with total antioxidant status. None of these factors was correlated with androgens or indices of insulin resistance. Adolescent girls with a history of premature adrenarche display metabolic deviations usually encountered in subjects with PCOS and metabolic syndrome, such as subclinical inflammation and fibrinolytic abnormalities. Crown Copyright © 2009. ER  - 
A Two-Year Longitudinal Study of Persistent Lean Tissue Deficits in Children With Crohn's Disease; Background & Aims: Deficits in lean body mass have been reported in cross-sectional studies of children with Crohn's disease, but no longitudinal data exist from diagnosis. We observed the effects of Crohn's disease on body composition and bone mineral content (BMC), beginning at diagnosis and followed prospectively for 2 years. Methods: The study was conducted at 2 tertiary care centers for pediatric inflammatory bowel diseases. At diagnosis we recorded age, weight, height, levels of serum interleukin-6 and insulin-like growth factor-1, sexual maturation stage, disease activity, z scores for body mass index (BMI), fat-free mass (FFM), and bone mineral content (BMC). z Scores were adjusted for height and age, when appropriate. Measurements were made yearly in patients with Crohn's disease (n = 42) but only at the start of the study in controls (n = 81). Results: BMI and FFM z scores were significantly reduced at the time of diagnosis in children with Crohn's disease, compared with controls. During the 2-year study period, the BMI z scores normalized in patients with Crohn's disease, but the FFM z scores did not increase significantly. The BMC z scores increased significantly, but they were still lower than control values after 2 years. Changes in BMC during a period of 2 years were associated with increases in FFM (R2 = 0.318, P < .01). Conclusions: The correction of BMI that is associated with clinical improvement in children with Crohn's disease 2 years after diagnosis results from gains in fat mass. Significant FFM deficits might hamper normal acquisition of bone mass in children with Crohn's disease because of a lack of mechanical strain. © 2009 AGA Institute. ER  - 
The human urinary proteome reveals high similarity between kidney aging and chronic kidney disease; Aging induces morphological changes of the kidney and reduces renal function. We analyzed the low molecular weight urinary proteome of 324 healthy individuals from 2-73 years of age to gain insight on human renal aging. We observed age-related modification of secretion of 325 out of over 5000 urinary peptides. The majority of these changes were associated with renal development before and during puberty, while 49 peptides were related to aging in adults. We therefore focussed the remainder of the study on these 49 peptides. The majority of these 49 peptides were also markers of chronic kidney disease, suggesting high similarity between aging and chronic kidney disease. Blinded evaluation of samples from healthy volunteers and diabetic nephropathy patients confirmed both the correlation of biomarkers with aging and with renal disease. Identification of a number of these aging-related peptides led us to hypothesize that reduced proteolytic activity is involved in human renal aging. Finally, among the 324 supposedly healthy individuals, some had urinary aging-related peptide excretion patterns typical of an individual significantly older than their actual age. In conclusion, these aging-related biomarkers may allow noninvasive detection of renal lesions in healthy persons and show high resemblance between human aging and chronic kidney disease. This similarity has to be taken into account when searching for biomarkers of renal disease. © 2009 WILEY-VCH Verlag. ER  - 
Growth factors and adipocytokines in prepubertal children born small for gestational age; OBJECTIVE - The aim of this study was to test whether being born small for gestational age (SGA) has an impact on adiponectin and leptin levels and the IGF system in relation to insulin sensitivity, taking into consideration the severity of growth restriction. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - Serum levels of adiponectin, leptin, fasting glucose, fasting insulin (IF), the homeostasis model assessment insulin resistance index (HOMA- IR), IGF-1, free IGF-1, IGF-binding protein (IGFBP)-1 and-3, total cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, and triglycerides were evaluated in 57 children at age 4-10 years. Of these, 32 had been born appropriate size for gestational age (AGA) and 25 SGA (14 in the <3rd percentile and 11 in the 3rd-10th percentile). RESULTS - The SGA 3rd-10th percentile children were already insulin resistant at prepu- bertalage (IF39.6 ± 16.8 vs. 27 ± 12pmol/l, P < 0.01, and HOMA-IR 1.4 ± 0.6 vs. 0.95 ± 0.42 in SGA vs. AGA children, P < 0.05). Their IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 concentrations were significantly lower than those in AGA children (160.4 ± 66.2 vs. 207 ± 66.8 μg/l, P < 0.05 and 2.3 ± 0.4 vs. 3.51 ± 1.21 mg/l in SGA vs. AGA children, P < 0.01). The SGA <3rd percentile children had higher adiponectin (15.6 ± 5.7 mg/l, P < 0.05) and IGFBP-1 levels (113.5 ± 33.9 μg/l, P < 0.05) than AGA children (11.3 ± 6.6 mg/l and 90.8 ± 24.2 μg/l, respectively) and lower IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 concentrations (162.6 ± 68.4 μg/l, P < 0.05 and 2.4 ± 0.7 mg/l, P < 0.01). They also had significantly lower waist circumference (P < 0.05). Leptin levels did not differ among groups, but an inverse correlation with IGFBP-1 (r =-0.55, P < 0.01) was found in the pooled SGA group. CONCLUSIONS - Intrauterine growth restriction appears to affect the IGF axis at prepubertal age, and its severity plays a role in insulin sensitivity. © 2009 by the American Diabetes Association. ER  - 
Treatment of osteopenia and osteoporosis in anorexia nervosa: A systematic review of the literature; Objective: To systematically review the evidence supporting treatment of osteopenia and osteoporosis in patients with anorexia nervosa (AN). Data sources: We identified controlled clinical studies of interventions for low bone mass in AN via searches of MEDLINE; the Cochrane Library; EMBASE; PsycINFO; and cumulative index to nursing and allied health literature. Outcomes of interest were changes in bone mineral density and fracture incidence. Results: Six randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and two cohort trials examined five classes of medical therapy on bone mineral density outcomes. One RCT of bisphosphonates showed no benefit and a second flawed RCT showed some benefit; one RCT showed a benefit of insulin-like growth factor-I; none of the five trials evaluating estrogen therapy showed benefit. Discussion: Although patients with AN are often losing bone mass when they should be optimizing bone growth, there is no good evidence to guide medicinal interventions. Therefore, early detection and weight restoration are of utmost importance whereas ongoing trials define effective therapies. © 2008 by Wiley Periodicals, Inc. ER  - 
Is birthweight associated with risk of rheumatoid arthritis? data from a large cohort Study; Objectives: The "fetal origins of adult disease" hypothesis suggests the uterine environment can influence the susceptibility of a fetus to future disease. We examine whether the fetal environment, as reflected by birthweight, could modulate an individual's future risk of rheumatoid arthritis (RA). Methods: The relationship between birthweight and the risk of incident RA was studied in 87 077 women followed prospectively in the Nurses' Health Study cohort. New cases of RA diagnosed between 1976 and 2002 were confirmed in 619 women. The association between birthweight and the future development of RA was studied in age-adjusted and Cox proportional hazard models adjusting for age and potential confounders, including history of maternal diabetes, childhood socioeconomic status, prematurity, maternal and paternal smoking, as well as additionally adjusting for risk factors for RA including smoking, age at menarche, use of oral contraceptives, use of post-menopausal hormones, total lifetime breastfeeding, and body mass index (BMI) at age 18. Results: In an age-adjusted model, birthweight. 4.54 kg vs birthweight 3.2-3.85 kg was associated with a two-fold increased risk of RA (relative risk (RR) = 2.1, 95% CI 1.4 to 3.3). Further adjusting for potential confounders and risk factors did not change this relationship (RR = 2.0, 95% CI 1.3 to 3.0). Findings were similar when we limited cases to those with rheumatoid factor positive RA (RR = 2.1, 95% CI = 1.2 to 3.6). Conclusions: In this large prospective cohort, birthweight. 4.54 kg was associated with a two-fold increased risk of adult onset RA, compared with those of average birthweight. Further study of this observation may provide insight into the pathogenesis of RA. ER  - 
Metabolic abnormalities in human immunodeficiency virus-infected children: Two-year follow-up; Background: HIV-associated lipodystrophy (LD) manifests with fat maldistribution, dyslipidemia, and insulin resistance in some HIV-infected children on antiretroviral therapy. Aim: To assess whether lipid abnormalities in patients with HIV are stable over time. Patients: The perinatally HIV-infected cohort at a medium-sized urban US teaching hospital. Methods: This prospective, observational study consisted of five visits (at entry and 3, 6, 24, and 30 months after entry) during which fasting venous blood samples were drawn for HIV-1 RNA, CD4 lymphocytes, lipid profile, free fatty acids (FFA), glucose, insulin, and adiponectin. IGF-I/IGFBP-3 levels were measured at the first and fifth visits. Results: Of 36 study participants, seven were lipodystrophic, and 30 patients completed all five study visits. LDL-cholesterol, total choles-terol (TC), triglycerides (TG), and FFA levels were significantly higher in patients taking protease inhibitors (Pis). Patients with LD had higher TC and TG levels (both p <0.05), and higher FFA (p = 0.0532). Adiponectin levels did not differ between Pl/non-PI and LD/non-LD groups. HDL-cholesterol seemed to decrease, and FFA to increase over time. All IGF-I and all but one IGFBP-3 level were within normal range for age and Tanner stage. Conclusion: Dyslipidemia remained relatively constant over our study period. Adiponectin was not useful as a marker of LD in our population. © Freund Publishing House Ltd., London. ER  - 
Late endocrine sequelae after radiotherapy of pediatric brain tumors are independent of tumor location; Introduction: Irradiation of brain tumors (BT) in children can lead to the loss of pituitary function, predominantly manifesting as deficiencies in GH and ACTH. Objective: To assess the incidence and nature of pituitary deficiency in relation to initial tumor location in children after radiotherapy of BT. Methods: Twenty survivors (16 males and 4 females) of radiation-treated BT aged 1.4-10.9 (median 3.6) yr at diagnosis were studied, 10 with supratentorial and 10 with infratentorial BT. Radiation doses to the hypothalamus-pituitary (HP) area ranged from 30 to 54 (median 45) Gray. Follow-up was 9.4-16.9 (median 12.2) yr. Basal pituitary hormone levels were measured every 6 months. When growth failure became evident or pituitary deficiency was suspected, provocation tests of the HP axis were performed to assess GH, ACTH, and TSH function. Results: GH deficiency (GHD) developed in 17/20 (85%) children. In 10 patients, it occurred 4 yr after radiotherapy and in 2, 11 and 12 yr after radiotherapy. Six (30%) patients developed secondary hypothyroidism and 4 (20%) developed ACTH deficiency. Precocious puberty occurred in 2 girls. The course of development and the severity of hormone deficiencies were similar for supratentorial and infratentorial tumors. Conclusion: The major hormonal effect of BT irradiation in children is GHD, which may sometimes take more than 10 yr to manifest. We confirm findings by others that ACTH insufficiency occurs less frequently in children than reported for adults. Tumor location has no prognostic significance regarding the loss of HP function. ©2009, Editrice Kurtis. ER  - 
The insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) generation test as an indicator of growth hormone status; OBJECTIVE: The aim of the study was to evaluate the IGF-I generation test (IGF-I gen) as a possible indirect test of Growth Hormone (GH) secretory status. METHODS: Sixty-five GH deficient (GHD 1 and 2) and 86 control children were studied. Children in the GHD-1 subgroup (n=33) had low GH values (<10μg/L) after clonidine and levo-dopa while those in the GHD-2 subgroup (n=32) had normal GH values after pharmacologic provocation but low 24-hour GH secretory rates compared to 187 Normal Statured (NS) children. Of the 86 controls, who underwent IGF-I gen, 50 were NS and 36 Short-Statured (SS). Serum IGF-I was measured prior to and daily during hGH administration (hGH 0.033 mg/kg/day x 4 days). RESULTS: The prepubertal and pubertal GHD-1 and GHD-2 children had low baseline IGF-I values but their peak IGF-I values during the IGF-I gen reached those of the controls. The percent increase of IGF-I during the test was greater in the GHD groups than in the controls; in the prepubertal groups: 516±58% in the GHD-1, 433±50 % in the GHD-2, 106±12 % in the NS, and 102±18 % in the SS (p=0.001); in the pubertal groups: 191±28 % in the GHD-1, 141±20 % in the GHD-2, 48±8 % in the NS, and 61±17 % in the SS (p=0.003). CONCLUSIONS: The IGF-I response during the IGF-I gen seems to reflect the GH status in children. ER  - 
Increased Prevalence of Abnormal Glucose Tolerance among Obese Siblings of Children with Type 2 Diabetes; Objective: To test the hypothesis that overweight siblings of children with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) have a higher prevalence of abnormal glucose tolerance (AGT) compared with other overweight children. Study design: This was a cross-sectional study of overweight (body mass index [BMI] ≥ 95th percentile) subjects, age 8 to 17 years, with at least 1 sibling age ≥ 12 years. The primary outcome was AGT, as assessed by the oral glucose tolerance test (2-hour glucose ≥ 140 mg/dL). The secondary outcome was insulin resistance by homeostasis model assessment (HOMA). Results: The sibling (n = 20) and control (n = 42) groups were similar in terms of age, sex, racial distribution (largely African American), pubertal status, and BMI. The prevalence of AGT in the sibling group was 40.0% (n = 8), compared with 14.3% (n = 6) in controls (P = .048, Fisher exact test; unadjusted odds ratio = 4.0; 95% confidence interval = 1.2 to 13.5). Univariate analysis did not identify confounders for either outcome. There were no significant differences in HOMA or hemoglobin A1c between the 2 groups. Conclusions: Overweight siblings of children with T2DM had 4 times greater odds of having AGT compared with other overweight children. This group may represent a particularly high-risk population to target for screening and pediatric T2DM prevention. © 2009 Mosby, Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Serum resistin correlates with central obesity but weakly with insulin resistance in Chinese children and adolescents; Objective: Resistin has been linked with obesity and hypothesized as a potential marker of insulin resistance in addition to being linked with acute inflammation. However, these links are still highly controversial in humans. Our goal was to examine resistin levels in relation to obesity, insulin resistance and inflammation markers in a large population of Asian children and adolescents. Methods: Children and adolescents (n3472) aged 6-18 years, boys (n1765) and girls (n1707), were assessed for body size parameters, pubertal development, blood lipids, glucose, insulin, resistin, C-reactive protein (CRP), adiponectin and complement C3 (C3) levels. Results: Resistin increased with central obesity in both genders but not with simple adiposity in boys. Several markers associated with central obesity correlated in a gender-specific fashion with plasma resistin. Waist circumference, fat-mass percentage, waist-to-height ratio and body mass index (BMI) positively correlated with resistin in both genders. Blood lipids such as triglycerides, nonesterified fatty acids (NEFA) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, diastolic and systolic blood pressure correlated positively with resistin in boys. NEFA, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (negatively) and inflammation markers, such as CRP and C3, positively correlated with resistin in girls. There was no correlation between resistin and adiponectin, and no association of adiponectin with resistin quintiles in either boys or girls. In both boys and girls, resistin tended to decrease with age, with girls having higher levels than boys. Few indices of insulin resistance were linked with plasma resistin in either gender. Conclusion: In this population, plasma resistin levels are a weak biochemical marker of metabolic dysfunction defined by central obesity, adiposity and inflammation and does not predict insulin resistance. Only a small proportion of resistin variation can be explained by factors related to metabolic syndrome, suggesting that resistin is not strongly implicated in a concentration-dependent fashion in any of the examined pathologies. © 2009 Macmillan Publishers Limited. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Risk factors for endometrial cancer in Turkish women: Results from a hospital-based case-control study; Purpose of the research: The aim of this study was to investigate the association between risk factors and endometrial cancer in Turkish women. Methods and sample: In a hospital-based case-control study conducted in İstanbul, 285 patients with histologically confirmed endometrial cancer were compared with 1050 controls, admitted to the different departments of the same hospital. Odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) were obtained from multivariate logistic regression analysis, fitted by the method of maximum likelihood. Key results: Risk factors for endometrial cancer were found to be the state of lower education (OR = 2.53, 5% CI: 1.41-4.54), history of hypertension or diabetes (OR = 3.26, 95% CI: 2.21-4.80), (OR = 3.56, 95% CI: 2.02-6.27), lower parity (OR = 3.89, 95% CI: 2.60-5.82), early menarche age (OR = 9.43, 95% CI: 5.35-16.62) and HRT use (OR = 2.66, 5% CI: 1.40-5.06). Conclusions: In conclusion, our results are supportive of the hypothesis that having a history of chronic disease, lower parity, early menarche and use of HRT were increased-risk factors but negative family history of cancer was decreased-risk factor for endometrial cancer. © 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Resting energy expenditure in pre-pubertal children: Its relationship to insulin resistance and weight gain (a longitudinal study); Background: Little is known of the association between resting energy expenditure (REE) and insulin resistance and its contribution to weight gain in pre-pubertal children. Aim. To test the hypothesis that weight gain in contemporary children is limited by adaptive changes in REE. Methods: REE by indirect calorimetry, body composition by DEXA and insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) were measured annually in 232 children from the age of 7y to 10y. Results: REE rose from 7-10y, in excess of that predicted by the concurrent rise in fat and fat-free mass, by 184 kcal/day in the boys and by 160 kcal/day in the girls. There were no significant relationships in either gender between change in body composition and 'excess' rise in REE (r < 0.08, p > 0.42). Insulin resistance was weakly associated with the rise in REE reducing the excess rise by just 25kcal in boys and 4kcal in girls (p< 0.002). Conclusions: The data suggest that REE has little impact on the wide variation in weight gain in prepubertal children, and insulin resistance explains very little of the excess rise in REE between 7y and 10y. The rise in REE beyond that explained by changes in body composition may reflect the increase in energy requirements that are reported to precede puberty. ER  - 
Physical activity improves metabolic health but not body composition: A longitudinal study in pre-pubertal children; Aims: To determine the extent to which physical activity is associated with changes in body composition and metabolic health in pre-pubertal children. Methods: Non-intervention longitudinal study of 212 children (1995/96 birth cohort) recruited at school entry from 53 primary schools in Plymouth, UK. Physical activity (7-day Actigraph accelerometery), body composition (BMI, sum of five skinfolds, waist circumference) and metabolic risk (insulin resistance by HOMA-IR, triglycerides, cholesterol/HDL ratio and blood pressure - separately and combined as a composite metabolic risk z-score) were all measured on four consecutive annual occasions (5, 6, 7 and 8y). Results: There were no associations between total physical activity, averaged over the four annual measurements, and changes in body composition over the same period from 5 to 8y (BMI r=-0.04 p=0.57, skinfolds r=-0.03 p=0.70, waist circumference r=-0.06 p=0.40). However, there was a small-to-moderate inverse association between physical activity and change in metabolic risk (combined: composite z-score r=-0.19 p< 0.01, separately: insulin resistance r=-0.08 p=0.25, triglycerides r=-0.16 p=0.03, cholesterol/HDL ratio r=-0.12 p=0.09, blood pressure r=-0.15 p=0.04) independent of changes in body mass/fat. Mixed effects modeling showed that the improvement in composite metabolic z-score among the more active, compared to the less active children, progressed year-by-year in a linear fashion (-0.08 z-scores/year, p=0.001). Conclusions: In young children, physical activity appears to improve metabolic health even in the absence of any improvement in body mass/fat. BMI, whilst popular, may not be the best outcome measure with which to judge the success, or otherwise, of any physical activity intervention/programme. ER  - 
Epidemiological features of type 1 diabetes mellitus in pediatrics; The type 1 diabetes mellitus is the most frequent in pediatrics, the epidemiological studies shows a regular increase of frequency. The objective of the study was to describe the epidemiological features of type 1 diabetes mellitus among children attending the pediatrics department at Tlemcen Hospital, Algeria. Prospective study was conducted on 202 patients at the pediatrics department; from 01-01-1999 to 09-15-2008. For each patient a questionnaire was field. A clinical examination was performed. We used the World Health Organization (WHO) type 1 diabetes mellitus definition for patients ≤ 15 years old. This study showed for 202 patients; 98 males (48%) and 104 females (52%) was diagnosed with type 1 diabetes mellitus. The mean age at diagnosis was 7.5 years old. For 14 families, at least 2 members have had type 1 diabetes mellitus. Three types of regiments used for the treatment. The diabetes wasn't controlled well; the mean of HbA1C was 11.23% /patient/year. Association with others autoimmune diseases noticed: celiac disease for 3 patients, thyroiditis for 8 patients. This association complicates the management of the diabetes. Statural growth was satisfactory with sometimes non significant puberty retardation. Degenerative complications were reported: retinopathy for 20 patients, cataract for 5 patients, and renal impairment for 8 patients. The finding indicates that pediatricians as well physicians in charge of child with diabetes, should seriously and continuously consider the diabetes degenerative complications. For the patient futures all the consequences are related to the well control of diabetes from the childhood period. ER  - 
Morphologic and metabolic abnormalities in vertically HIV-infected children and youth; Objective: To compare the distribution of lipid and glucose abnormalities and altered fat distribution among vertically HIV-infected patients and controls. Design: Cross-sectional multicenter study on HIV-infected (HIV-positive) patients, 7-24 years of age, stratified by Tanner stage and protease inhibitor use (protease inhibitor, n = 161 and non- protease inhibitor, n = 79) and seronegative controls (HIV- negative, n = 146). Methods: Measurements included fasting lipids, glucose, insulin, 2-h oral glucose tolerance test, dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry, anthropometry, and antiretroviral therapy and medical histories. Multiple linear regression models were used to compare distributions between HIV-positive and HIV-negative groups. Results: Both HIV-positive groups had long exposures to antiretroviral therapy. Protease inhibitor and nonprotease inhibitor groups had similar current CD4 cell count and HIV-1 RNA, but the protease inhibitor group had lower nadir CD4 cell count, higher peak HIV-1 RNA, and more advanced Centers for Disease Control disease stage. In adjusted analyses, both HIV-positive groups had significantly lower mean Z scores for height, weight, BMI, and total and limb fat than the HIV-negative group. Mean triglycerides were significantly higher and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol lower in both HIV-positive groups relative to the HIV-negative group. The protease inhibitor group also had significantly higher mean total, low-density lipoprotein, and non-high density lipoprotein cholesterol. Mean fasting insulin was higher in both HIV-positive groups, and 2-h glucose and insulin were higher in the protease inhibitor group. Ritonavir was associated with increasing dyslipidemia and altered glucose metabolism. Conclusion: In a large group of vertically HIV-infected children and youth with extensive antiretroviral therapy exposure, height, weight, and total and limb fat were lower than in controls. There was a high prevalence of lipid abnormalities among those on protease inhibitors and evidence of developing insulin resistance, factors that may accelerate lifetime risk for cardiovascular disease. © 2009 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Gender differences in the relationship between heart rate control and adiposity in young children: A cross-sectional study (EarlyBird 33); Background: The role of the autonomic nervous system in the complex link between insulin resistance and cardiovascular risk remains unclear. Increased sympathetic nervous system activity has been implicated in the pathophysiology of insulin resistance but is confounded by a number of factors. Methods: We have therefore examined the relationship among cardiac autonomic control, insulin resistance, habitual physical activity, resting energy expenditure (REE), and anthropometric variables in a subset (107 boys, 101 girls, age 9 ± 0.25yr) of the EarlyBird cohort. Cardiac autonomic activity was assessed using time domain and power spectral density analysis methods of heart rate variability. Insulin resistance was measured using homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA2-IR). Results: Girls, in comparison to boys, showed significantly higher resting heart rate and lower systolic blood pressure (BP); were more insulin resistant; undertook less physical activity, and had lower fat-free mass and REE. Increasing fasting insulin and increasing insulin resistance were associated with increasing BP. Conclusion: The data suggest early gender differences in predictors of cardiac autonomic control. Pubertal staging was not undertaken in this study, and we plan to evaluate this in future studies to further clarify these associations. © Journal compilation © 2009 Blackwell Munksgaard. ER  - 
Dietary energy density affects fat mass in early adolescence and is not modified by FTO variants; Background: Dietary energy density (DED) does not have a simple linear relationship to fat mass in children, which suggests that some children are more susceptible than others to the effects of DED. Children with the FTO (rs9939609) variant that increases the risk of obesity may have a higher susceptibility to the effects of DED because their internal appetite control system is compromised. We tested the relationship between DED and fat mass in early adolescence and its interaction with FTO variants. Methods and Findings: We carried out a prospective analysis on 2,275 children enrolled in the Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children (ALSPAC). Diet was assessed at age 10 y using 3-day diet diaries. DED (kJ/g) was calculated excluding drinks. Children were genotyped for the FTO (rs9939609) variant. Fat mass was estimated at age 13 y using the Lunar Prodigy Dual-energy X-ray Absorptiometry scanner. There was no evidence of interaction between DED at age 10 y and the high risk A allele of the FTO gene in relation to fat mass at age 13 y (β = 0.005, p = 0.51), suggesting that the FTO gene has no effect on the relation between DED at 10 y and fat mass at 13 y. When DED at 10 y and the A allele of FTO were in the same model they were independently related to fat mass at 13 y. Each A allele of FTO was associated with 0.35±0.13 kg more fat mass at 13 y and each 1 kJ/g DED at 10 y was associated with 0.16±0.06 kg more fat mass at age 13 y, after controlling for misreporting of energy intake, gender, puberty, overweight status at 10 y, maternal education, TV watching, and physical activity. Conclusions: This study reveals the multi-factorial origin of obesity and indicates that although FTO may put some children at greater risk of obesity, encouraging a low dietary energy density may be an effective strategy to help all children avoid excessive fat gain. © 2009 Johnson et al. ER  - 
Association of elevated serum alanine aminotransferase with metabolic factors in obese children: sex-related analysis; Alanine aminotransferase (ALT) elevations are considered a surrogate marker of nonalcoholic liver disease and predict later development of diabetes and metabolic syndrome in adults. The aim of the present study is to evaluate the prevalence of high ALT levels in obese children using updated and sex-related cutoff ALT value (ALT >30 IU/L for boys and >19 IU/L for girls). We also analyzed the association between ALT levels and metabolic factors in the 2 sexes. Three-hundred fifty-eight obese children (168 boys and 190 girls; age range, 6-16 years) were studied. Inclusion criteria were as follows: obesity, defined by an individual body mass index (BMI) greater than or equal to the 95th percentile for age and sex; negativity of markers for viral hepatitis; and no alcohol consumption. Two hundred six nonobese children (92 boys and 114 girls; age range, 6-16 years) served as a control group for ALT levels. The percentage of obese children with elevated ALT was 36% in boys and 55% in girls. Obese boys with ALT greater than 30 IU/L showed higher mother's BMI (P < .025), BMI, waist circumference, insulin resistance evaluated with homeostasis model assessment (HOMA-IR) index (P < .0001, for all), and systolic and diastolic blood pressure (P < .025, for both) compared with those with ALT not exceeding 30 IU/L. The ALT levels correlated positively with mother's BMI, BMI, waist circumference, HOMA-IR, triglycerides, and blood pressure. In linear regression analysis, waist circumference was the only independent factor associated with ALT level (β = 0.370, t = 3,905, P < .0001). Obese girls with ALT greater than 19 IU/L exhibited lower age (P < .025) and higher triglycerides (P < .0001) than girls with ALT not exceeding 19 IU/L. The ALT levels correlated positively with triglycerides and HOMA-IR and negatively with age and Tanner stage. In linear regression analysis, ALT levels were independently associated only with triglycerides (β = 0.330, t = 4.588, P < .0001). Our study shows that a high proportion of obese children present elevated ALT levels. This abnormality is associated in boys, more than in girls, with preclinical traits of the metabolic syndrome. The adoption of sex-related cutoff of ALT levels is desirable also for the pediatric population. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Relation of dietary glycemic index, glycemic load, and fiber and whole-grain intakes during puberty to the concurrent development of percent body fat and body mass index; The authors prospectively examined whether change in dietary glycemic index (GI), glycemic load (GL), fiber intake, or whole-grain intake during puberty is associated with concurrent change in percentage of body fat (%BF) or body mass index (BMI; weight (kg)/height)2. Linear mixed-effects regression analyses were performed in 215 participants from the Dortmund Nutritional and Anthropometric Longitudinally Designed (DONALD) Study (Dortmund, Germany) who possessed weighed 3-day dietary records and anthropometric data at puberty onset (defined by age at takeoff) and over the subsequent 4 years (1988-2007). Neither changes in dietary GI, GL, fiber intake, nor whole-grain intake were associated with concurrent changes in %BF throughout puberty (change in %BF: -0.03 (standard error (SE), 0.11) per standard deviation (SD) increase in GI (P = 0.8); -0.01 (SE, 0.11) per SD increase in GL (P = 0.9); 0.02 (SE, 0.14) per SD increase in fiber intake (P = 0.9); and 0.09 (SE, 0.13) per SD increase in whole-grain intake (P = 0.5)). Similarly, no concurrent associations were observed between these dietary factors and BMI SD scores. Associations of dietary GI with %BF and BMI SD score differed between overweight and normal-weight adolescents (for concurrent association, P for interaction was 0.03 for %BF and 0.08 for BMI SD score). Dietary GI, GL, and fiber and whole-grain intakes in healthy, free-living adolescents do not appear to be relevant to the development of %BF or BMI during puberty. © The Author 2009. Published by the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Factors associated with adherence to continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion in pediatric diabetes; Background/Aims: Continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion (CSII) is a safe and effective alternative to insulin injections in pediatric type 1 diabetes mellitus. CSII can be associated with an increased risk of hypoglycemia and diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA) in some patients. In our Center, patients/guardians are screened for proficiency in diabetes management skills as a prerequisite to initiation of CSII. We reviewed the clinical data from our patients to assess the predictors associated with nonadherence to CSII therapy. Methods: We retrospectively collected clinical data on all our CSII initiations between July 1999 to June 2003, including: body mass index, hemoglobin A1c (HbA 1c), total daily dose, bolus to basal insulin ratio, hypoglycemic episodes (blood glucose <60 mg/dL/week), mean fasting self-monitored blood glucose (SMBG), severity of lipohypertrophy, DKA, and pubertal status. Results: Forty-six patients 9.90 ± 3.4 years old (28 girls and 18 boys) started CSII in the 4-year period. While 39 patients (85%) 9.8 ± 3.5 years old currently remain on CSII, seven patients (15%) 11.2 ± 0.9 years old discontinued CSII. Fifteen patients (32.6%) were prepubertal at CSII initiation, and none discontinued CSII in this cohort, whereas seven of 31 (22.6%) pubertal patients discontinued CSII. The patients who continued CSII were similar to the CSII-discontinued cohort at baseline. At 12 months, rising HbA1c was the only predictor of future nonadherence to CSII. At 24 months, the discontinuation group had higher mean fasting SMBG levels and severe lipohypertrophy (P < 0.05). None of the prepubertal patients discontinued CSII, while all seven patients (100%) in the CSII-discontinued group were pubertal (P < 0.001). Conclusions: Extensive screening by a multidisciplinary diabetes team prior to initiation of CSII regimen results in relatively lower discontinuation rates and a higher chance of maintaining optimal glycemic control (HbA1c < 8%) compared to previous studies. © 2009 Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. ER  - 
Induction of spermatogenesis and fertility during gonadotropin treatment of Gonadotropin-Deficient infertile men: Predictors of fertility outcome; Background: The induction of spermatogenesis and fertility with gonadotropin therapy in gona-dotropin-def icient men varies in rate and extent. Understanding the predictors of response would inform clinical practice but requires multivariate analyses in sufficiently large clinical cohorts that are suitably detailed and frequently assessed.Design, Setting, and Participants: A total of 75 men, with 72 desiring fertility, was treated at two academic andrology centers for a total of 116 courses of therapy from 1981-2008.Outcomes: Semen analysis and testicular examination were performed every 3 months.Results: A total of 38 men became fathers, including five through assisted reproduction. The median time to achieve first sperm was 7.1 months [95% confidence interval (CI) 6.3-10.1]) and for conception was 28.2 months (95% CI 21.6-38.5). The median sperm concentration at conception for unassisted pregnancies was 8.0 M/ml (95% CI 0.2-59.5). Multivariate correlated time-to-event analyses show that larger testis volume, previous treatment with gonadotropins, and no previous androgen use each independently predicts faster induction of spermatogenesis and unassisted pregnancy.Conclusions: Larger testis volume is a useful prognostic indicator of response. The association of slower responses after prior androgen therapy suggests that faster pregnancy rates might be achieved by substituting gonadotropin for androgen therapy for pubertal induction, although a prospective randomized trial will be required to prove this. ER  - 
Food groups and endometrial cancer risk: a case-control study from Italy; Objective: Although several studies have been conducted on the relation between dietary habits and endometrial cancer risk, the evidence for specific food groups is still controversial. Study Design: We analyzed data from an Italian case-control study including 454 women with histologically confirmed endometrial cancer and 908 controls admitted to the same hospitals for acute, nonneoplastic conditions. Multivariate odds ratios (ORs) were obtained after allowance for major potential confounding factors. Results: A significant increase in risk was observed for red meat, with an OR of 2.07 for an increment of 1 serving per day. Inverse associations were observed for coffee (OR, 0.83), cereals (OR, 0.92), and vegetables (OR, 0.83). Conclusion: Our results support the existence of a relation between dietary habits and endometrial cancer risk and in particular suggest that a diet rich in red meat and poor in vegetables may have an unfavorable effect. © 2009 Mosby, Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Final size attained in type 1 diabetes children; Objective: To describe the final height and height-gain in relation to target height, in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus, and analyse their relationship to different variables. Patients and methods: Retrospective analysis of the growth data of 52 children (27 girls) diagnosed with type 1 diabetes mellitus before 14 years old, and followed up until their final height was attained. Main variables: final height, target height, illness duration, glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c), insulin dose, BMI, and other autoimmune diseases. Results: The height SDS (standard deviation scale) at diagnosis was slightly higher (0.734 in boys and 0.563 in girls). During the development of the disease, a growth reduction was seen, which was significantly higher in boys of prepubertal age (p=0.016). The mean final height attained was 173.14±5.28 cm in boys and 161.9±6.97 cm in girls. Height gain was 1.56±3.66 in boys (SDS=-0.034) and 2.26±6.13 in girls (SDS=0.385). The only variable significantly related to height gain was mean glycated-haemoglobin (growth reduction of 2 cm for every increment of 1% in mean glycated- haemoglobin). Conclusions: At onset, diabetic children were slightly taller than the general population. A growth reduction was shown as the disease developed, significantly higher in boys of prepubertal age. The final height in boys was slightly lower than the mean, but in girls was similar to the general population. Both sexes attained their target height, although the height gain was less in boys. Poorer metabolic control was associated with reduced height gain. © 2008 Asociación Española de Pediatría. Published by Elsevier España, S.L. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Overweight and lifestyle behaviors of low socioeconomic elementary school children in Buenos Aires; Background: There is growing interest in understanding the role that lifestyle behaviors play in relation to children's weight status. The objective of the study was to determine the association between children s BMI and dietary practices and maternal BMI. Methods: 330 students (168M) aged 8.9 + 2 y from 4 suburban Buenos Aires elementary schools, and their mothers aged 36.2 + 7 y were examined between April and September 2007. Mothers were asked about their children s lifestyle. Data included parental education levels socioeconomic status, mothers and children s BMI, and Tanner stage. Results: All families were in the low socio-economic class. 79% of parents had an elementary education or less. 61 (18.5%) of children were obese (OB) (BMI>95%ile per CDC norms), and 53 (16.1%) overweight (OW) (BMI > 85<95%ile). 103 (31.2%) of mothers were OB (BMI > 30 kg/ m2), and 102 (30.9%) OW (BMI > 25<30). 63% the children were pre-pubertal. 40% had a TV set in their bedroom. 13% of the children skipped breakfast and only 38% watched TV ≤2 hours daily, as recommended. Multiple logistic regression analysis showed a positive association between children s OW/OB and drinking sweetened beverages (OR = 1.24; 95% CI, 1.02-1.52), TV viewing (OR = 1.30; 95% CI, 1.05-1.62), and maternal BMI (OR: 1.07; 95% CI,1.02-1.12), and a negative association with eating breakfast (OR = 0.43; 95% CI, 0.19-0.97) adjusted for fruit and vegetables consumption, milk consumption, maternal educational level and socioeconomic class. Conclusion: Our results suggest that TV viewing, drinking sweet beverages, skipping breakfast, and maternal BMI are important predictive variables for childhood OW/OB. © 2009 Hirschler et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Long-term evaluation of glucose homeostasis in a cohort of HAART-treated HIV-infected children: A longitudinal, observational cohort study; Background and objectives: Few and mainly cross-sectional studies of glucose homeostasis are available in HIV-infected children treated with highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART). The aim of the present study was to describe a 4-year course of glucose homeostasis in a cohort of HAART-treated children and adolescents, using glucose and insulin levels during an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) as outcome measures. In addition, we investigated possible risk factors, both related and unrelated to antiretroviral therapy, associated with insulin resistance. Methods: We assessed glucose metabolism yearly for 4 consecutive years in 37 HIV-infected children receiving a protease inhibitor (PI)-based HAART regimen containing lamivudine/stavudine plus indinavir or ritonavir or nelfinavir or a non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NNRTI)-based HAART regimen containing lamivudine/tenofovir/efavirenz. Generalized estimating equations were used to evaluate the relationship between the loge-transformed area under the serum concentration-time curve (AUC) of insulin during OGTT and antiretroviral therapy, controlling for time, sex, baseline age, puberty, body mass index and CD4+ T cells percentage. Results: Ritonavir-unboosted PI-based HAART regimens were administered to most children at baseline; however, their use decreased during follow-up in favour of an NNRTI-based regimen. The nelfinavir/lamivudine/stavudine (regression coefficient = -0.69, p < 0.05) and efavirenz/lamivudine/tenofovir (regression coefficient = -0.93, p < 0.05) regimens, but not the ritonavir/lamivudine/ stavudine regimen, were negatively associated with loge-transformed insulin AUC compared with indinavir/lamivudine/stavudine. Puberty was positively associated with loge-transformed insulin AUC. Conclusions: This 4-year prospective study of HAART-treated HIV-infected children shows that: (i) the nelfinavir/lamivudine/ stavudine and the efavirenz/lamivudine/tenofovir regimens but not the ritonavir/lamivudine/stavudine regimen were associated with higher insulin sensivity, i.e. lower insulin AUC, compared with indinavir/lamivudine/stavudine; (ii) the treatment switched substantially in favour of NNRTI from the third year on and this change was associated with an improvement in insulin sensitivity compared with the previous HAART-based regimens; and (iii) puberty is a primary determinant of insulin sensitivity. © 2009 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The influence of endocrine disruptors on pubertal timing; Purpose of review: Overview of the effects of endocrine disruptors on pubertal timing. Recent findings: Epidemiologic studies in humans support animal data demonstrating that exposures to endocrine-disrupting compounds have pronounced effects on pubertal timing and that the timing of endocrine-disrupting compound exposure and the specific agent causes different outcomes. Recent studies confirm subtle effects of lead, dioxins, and phytoestrogens on delaying onset of puberty and demonstrate an association of phthalates and polychlorinated biphenyls with earlier breast development and menarche, respectively. These studies, however, are complicated by mixed exposures of compounds which individually may have opposing actions on the reproductive axis. Summary: Animal and human data confirm perturbations in pubertal onset with exposures to endocrine-disrupting compounds. © 2009 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Growth hormone (GH) dosing during catch-up growth guided by individual responsiveness decreases growth response variability in prepubertal children with GH deficiency or idiopathic short stature; Context: Weight-based GH dosing results in a wide variation in growth response in children with GH deficiency (GHD) or idiopathic short stature (ISS). Objective: The hypothesis tested was whether individualized GH doses, based on variation in GH responsiveness estimated by a prediction model, reduced variability in growth response around a set height target compared with a standardized weight-based dose. Setting: A total of 153 short prepubertal children diagnosed with isolated GHD or ISS (n = 43) and at least 1 SD score (SDS) below midparental height SDS (MPHSDS) were included in this 2-yr multicenter study. Intervention: The children were randomized to either a standard (43 μg/kg · d) or individualized (17-100 μg/kg · d) GH dose. Main Outcome Measure: We measured the deviation of height SDS from individual MPHSDS (diffMPHSDS). The primary endpoint was the difference in the range of diffMPHSDS between the two groups. Results: The diffMPHSDS range was reduced by 32% in the individualized-dose group relative to the standard-dose group (P < 0.003), whereas the mean diffMPHSDS was equal: -0.42 ± 0.46 and -0.48 ± 0.67, respectively. Gain in heightSDS 0-2 yr was equal for the GH-deficient and ISS groups: 1.31 ± 0.47 and 1.36 ± 0.47, respectively, when ISS was classified on the basis of maximum GH peak on the arginine-insulin tolerance test or 24-h profile. Conclusion: Individualized GH doses during catch-up growth significantly reduce the proportion of unexpectedly good and poor responders around a predefined individual growth target and result in equal growth responses in children with GHD and ISS. Copyright © 2009 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
The -202 A allele of insulin-like growth factor binding protein-3 (IGFBP3) promoter polymorphism is associated with higher IGFBP-3 serum levels and better growth response to growth hormone treatment in patients with severe growth hormone deficiency; Context: Genetic factors that influence the response to recombinant human GH (rhGH) therapy remain mostly unknown. To date, only the GH receptor gene has been investigated. Objective: The aim of the study was to assess the influence of a polymorphism in the IGF-binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) promoter region (-202 A/C) on circulating IGFBP-3 levels and growth response to rhGH therapy in children with GH deficiency (GHD). Design and Patients: -202 A/C IGFBP3 genotyping (rs2854744) was correlated with data of 71 children with severe GHD who remained prepubertal during the first year of rhGH treatment. Main Outcome Measures: We measured IGFBP-3 levels and first year growth velocity (GV) during rhGH treatment. Results: Clinical and laboratory data at the start of treatment were indistinguishable among patients with different -202 A/C IGFBP3 genotypes. Despite similar rhGH doses, patients homozygous for the A allele presented higher IGFBP-3 SD score levels and higher mean GV in the first year of rhGH treatment than patients with AC or CC genotypes (first year GV, AA = 13.0 ± 2.1 cm/yr, AC = 11.4 ± 2.5 cm/yr, and CC = 10.8 ± 1.9 cm/yr; P = 0.016). Multiple linear regression analyses demonstrated that the influence of -202 A/C IGFBP3 genotype on IGFBP-3 levels and GV during the first year of rhGH treatment was independent of other variables. Conclusion: The -202 A allele of IGFBP3 promoter region is associated with increased IGFBP-3 levels and GV during rhGH treatment in prepubertal GHD children. Copyright © 2009 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Reduced-size liver transplantation for glycogen storage disease; Background: Glycogen storage disease (GSD) is an inherited metabolic disorder in which the concentration and/or structure of glycogen in tissues is abnormal. Essentially, abnormalities in all known enzymes involved in the synthesis or degradation of glycogen and glucose have been found to cause some type of GSD. Liver and muscle have abundant quantities of glycogen and are the most common and seriously affected tissues. This study was to assess reduced-size liver transplantation for the treatment of GSD. Methods: The clinical data from one case of GSD type I with hepatic adenoma was retrospectively analyzed. The clinical manifestations were hepatomegaly, delayed puberty, growth retardation, sexual immaturity, hypoglycemia, and lactic acidosis, which made the young female patient eligible for reduced-size liver transplantation. Results: The patient recovered uneventfully with satisfactory outcome, including 12 cm growth in height and 5 kg increase in weight during 16 months after successful reduced-size liver transplantation. She has been living a normal life for 4 years so far. Conclusions: Reduced-size liver transplantation is an effective treatment for GSD with hepatomegaly and hepatic adenoma. Delayed puberty, growth retardation, hypoglycemia and lactic acidosis can be cured by surgery. © 2009, Hepatobiliary Pancreat Dis Int. All rights reserved. ER  - 
β-cell autoimmunity in pediatric celiac disease: The case for routine screening?; OBJECTIVE - To evaluate the prevalence of β-cell autoimmunity and the usefulness of a type 1 diabetes screening in patients with celiac disease. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - We measured GAD antibodies (GADAs), insulinoma-associated protein 2 antigens (IA-2As), and insulin autoantibodies (IAAs) in 188 young Italian patients with celiac disease (66 male [35.1%]). Mean age at celiac disease diagnosis was 5.4 years (0.5-17.1), and mean celiac disease duration was 4.2 years (0-28.8). Celiac disease was diagnosed by jejunal biopsy after positivity for endomysial and tissue transglutaminase antibody was confirmed. RESULTS - GADAs were positive in seven patients (3.7%), and IA-2As were positive in two patients. IAAs were negative in all cases. Metabolic evaluation was normal, and no patients developed diabetes during follow-up. There was no significant association among β-cell autoimmunity and sex, age, pubertal stage, family history, or coexistence of other autoimmune disorders; compliance to a gluten-free diet was confirmed. CONCLUSIONS - Our results showed a low prevalence of β-cell autoimmunity and do not support a precocious screening for β-cell autoimmunity in young celiac disease patients. © 2009 by the American Diabetes Association. ER  - 
Growth and growth hormone treatment in short stature children born small for gestational age; Persistent short stature is one of the most frequent complications of being born small for gestational age (SGA) as almost 15% of such children have a low adult height. Additionally, individuals born S6A may have low lean body mass and increased central adiposity which put them at risk of long-term morbidity related to insulin resistance and metabolic disease. Onset of puberty appears at a normal age but comes relatively early for their actual height. There are studies that show that the pubertal growth spurt is moderately decreased in SGA and some girls may experience advanced pubarche and menarche. We have retrospectively analyzed 64 untreated SGA children and we have observed that adult height was lower than target height and positively correlated with maternal height, target height and height at onset of puberty; the tempo of puberty was very similar between SGA and controls but pubertal growth spurt was lower in SGA than in controls. The pathophysiology of postnatal growth failure is complex and different anomalies in the GH-I6F axis had been described. The effect of GH therapy on linear growth and adult height has been extensively studied in the last 15 years. In the short term, GH treatment produces an acceleration of growth with a significant increment of height which is dose dependent during the first 3-4 years. The long-term response is less dose dependent and the vast majority of short SGA children reach an adult height within normal standards and adequate for their target height. There is on important variation in the growth response of SGA children to GH indicating that SGA represents a heterogeneous condition in which response during the first year is the most important predictor of subsequent growth response. GH appears to be safe at the current doses employed but monitoring of IGF-I, IGFBP-3 and glucose metabolism is mandatory during therapy. ER  - 
Endoscopic options in children: Experience with 134 procedures: Clinical article; Object. There are frequent applications for endoscopy in neurosurgery. However, endoscopic surgery in children has peculiar characteristics and is associated with different rates of success. In this study, the authors report on their experience with 134 consecutive endoscopy procedures performed in 126 patients < 18 years of age. Methods. Between April 1993 and October 2007, 134 endoscopic procedures were performed in 126 children. Indications for surgery included brain tumors in 48 children, cystic lesions in 24, aqueductal stenosis in 23, various malformations in 20, hemorrhage and infarction in 6, and isolated ventricles in 5 children. In this long-term follow-up study, data were analyzed with respect to clinical and radiological success rates, as well as shunt dependence both in relation to lesion origin, and to the type of endoscopic procedure performed (endoscopic third ventriculostomy [ETV], septostomy, aqueductoplasty, or cystocisternostomy). Finally, the influence of patient age on the success rate was evaluated. Results. In 114 patients, restoration of CSF circulation was the goal of endoscopy, but in 2 patients only ventriculoscopy was performed followed by ventriculoperitoneal shunt placement. In 12 of 114 patients, tumor biopsy sampling or resection was performed simultaneously with shunt placement. In another 12 patients, only endoscopic tumor resection without CSF circulation restoration was done. The follow-up period ranged from 1 to 6 years. Thirteen tumor biopsies, 7 partial tumor resections, and 4 endoscopically complete tumor resections were performed. An intraoperative switch to microsurgery was made in 2 patients because of recurrent hemorrhage and an overly time-consuming endoscopic surgery. Cerebrospinal fluid circulation was successfully restored in 81 (72%) of 112 patients, with the use of endoscopy in the setting of tumor-related hydrocephalus providing the best results (86% success rate). However, of the various endoscopic procedures, cyst openings (cystocisternostomy, cystoventriculostomy, and ventriculocystocisternostomy) provided the best results-superior even to ETV-with a success rate of 77% and no complications. In contrast, endoscopic aqueductoplasty had a high failure and complication rate. Patients < 6 months old who underwent ETV, septostomy, or aqueductoplasty had poor results and became more frequently shunt dependent than older children. Conclusions. Overall, endoscopy can be considered safe and effective in children. Based on the authors' data, acute hydrocephalus cases such as those caused by tumors are the best candidates for endoscopic CSF flow restoration. Interestingly, cyst openings to the ventricles or cisterns were the most successful endoscopic techniques with the lowest complication rate. Aqueductoplasty should be reserved for selected cases. Finally, the success rate of endoscopic techniques remains poor in infants < 6 months of age; this was not only true of ETV, but also other techniques such as septostomy and aqueductoplasty. ER  - 
The association between cardiac autonomic neuropathy with metabolic and other factors in subjects with type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus; Background and aims: Cardiac autonomic neuropathy (CAN) is a common complication of diabetes and is associated with poor prognosis. However, lit-tle is known about the risk factors for the development of CAN, especially in subjects with type 2 diabetes (T2DM). The aim of this cross-sectional study was to examine the relationship between CAN and clinical and metabolic parameters as well as microvascular and other complications in patients with either type 1 (T1DM) or T2DM. Materials and methods: A total of 600 patients (T1DM: n=200; T2DM: n=400) were recruited. Participants with overt nephropathy or macrovascu-lar complications were excluded. CAN was diagnosed when two out of the four classical autonomic function tests were abnormal. Results: In T1DM, multivariate logistic regression analysis, after adjustment for gender, age, central fat distribution, duration of diabetes and lipids demon-strated that the odds (OR, 95% confidence intervals) of CAN increased with factors such as onset of diabetes in the puberty [2.64 (1.02-6.30), P=0.02], microalbuminuria [2.48 (1.32-4.64), P=0.005], retinopathy [1.13 (1.04-1.41), P<0.001], smoking [1.14 (1.05-1.40), P=0.002] and measures such as higher HbA1c values [1.54 (1.05-2.25), P=0.02], LDL-cholesterol [1.01 (1.00-1.24), P=0.02], triglycerides [1.01 (1.00-1.02), P=0.003] and systolic blood pressure [1.03 (1.00-1.05), P=0.01]. The same analysis in patients with T2DM, after adjustment for gender, age, blood pressure, lipids, and antidiabetic treatment demonstrated that central fat distribution [1.03 (1.00-1.03), P=0.05], longer duration of diabetes [1.04 (1.01-1.08), P=0.006], higher HbA1c values [1.19 (1.02-1.38), P=0.02], LDL-cholesterol [1.01 (1.00-1.01), P=0.004], triglyc-erides [1.00 (1.00-1.00), P=0.05], retinopathy [1.34 (1.17-1.66), P=0.001], microalbuminuria [1.21 (1.12-1.35), P<0.001], smoking [1.25 (1.11-1.59), P=0.002] and severity of smoking (>20 cigarettes/day) [1.34, (1.15-1.71), P=0.004] were independently associated with higher odds of CAN. Conclusion: In patients with T1DM, the risk of CAN is associated with onset of diabetes in the puberty, glycemic control, blood pressure, dyslipidemia, microalbuminuria, retinopathy and smoking, while in patients with T2DM with duration of diabetes, glycemic control, dyslipidemia, microvascular complications, central fat distribution and smoking. ER  - 
The role of body mass index and cardio respiratory fitness in predicting metabolic risk factors in adolescents: A longitudinal study; Background and aims: The aim of this study was to examine whether Body Mass Index (BMI) is predictive for a clustering of metabolic risk factors in adolescents and whether this association is influenced by cardio respiratory fitness (CRF). Materials and methods: Data on BMI were collected at age 11 (march 2001-july 2002) and repeated at age 16 (September 2005-dec 2007). At age 16 fasting blood samples were taken and CRF was estimated using the Shuttle Run Test. All participants from the 'Tracking Adolescents' Individuals Lives Survey' (TRAILS) with measures for metabolic risk and CRF at age 16 were included in this analysis (n=567). A clustered metabolic risk score was calculated as the mean of waist circumference, triglycerides, HDL-cholesterol and mean arterial pressure. Results: At age 16 clustered metabolic risk score for females was lower than for males (p<.001). Clustered metabolic risk score at age 16 was higher for the upper quartiles of BMI measured at age 11 (p<0.001) compared to the lower quartiles. After adjustment for pubertal stage, sex, school and wearing HR-monitoring during SRT, CRF was associated with clustered metabolic risk score in the highest BMI quartile at age 11 (standardized β=-3.54; 95%CI: -.045- -.013) but not in the lower BMI quartiles. This is graphically depicted in the figure. For males CRF is negatively correlated to waist circumference (Pearson's r=0.25, p<.01), triglycerides (r=0.121, p<.05) and glucose (r=0.14, p<.05). For females CRF is negatively correlated to waist circumference (r=0.226, p<0.01) and positively related to HDL-cholesterol (r=0.155, p<.01). Figure. A high CRF is related to reduced clustered metabolic risk score at age 16 in those with increased BMI at age 11. Differences on the clustered metabolic risk score was only significantly reduced between the low and high CRF tertiles for those with increased BMI. Conclusion: A higher BMI at age 11 is associated with higher clustered metabolic risk scores at age 16. CRF has a positive influence on metabolic risk in adolescents with a higher BMI. The positive effect of CRF on males on clustered metabolic risk score is due to lower waist circumference, triglycerides and glucose. In females the positive effect of CRF on clustered metabolic risk score is due to lower waist and a higher HDL-cholesterol (Graph presented). ER  - 
Ethnic differences in cardiometabolic risk profile in an overweight/ obese paediatric cohort in the Netherlands: A cross-sectional study; Background: Differences in prevalence of cardiometabolic risk factors between different ethnic groups are largely unknown. We determined the variation in cardiometabolic risk profile according to ethnicity in a cohort overweight/obese Dutch children. Methods: An oral glucose tolerance test was performed in 516 overweight/ obese Dutch children of multi-ethnic origin, attending an obesity out-patient clinic of an urban general hospital (mean age 10.6 ± 3.2; 55.2% boys). Anthropometric parameters and blood samples were collected, and the prevalence of (components of) the metabolic syndrome (MetS) and insulin resistance were determined in each ethnic group. Results: Major ethnic groups were Dutch native (18.4%), Turkish (28.1%), and Moroccan (25.8%). The remaining group (27.7%) consisted of children with other ethnicities. Turkish children had the highest mean standardized BMI compared to Dutch native children (P < 0.05). As compared to Moroccan children, they had a higher prevalence of MetS (22.8% vs. 12.8%), low HDL-cholesterol (37.9% vs. 25.8%), hypertension (29.7% vs. 18.0%) and insulin resistance (54.9% vs. 37.4%, all P < 0.05). Although Turkish children also had higher prevalences of forementioned risk factors than Dutch native children, these differences were not statistically significant. Insulin resistance was associated with MetS in the Turkish and Moroccan subgroup (OR 6.6; 95%CI, 2.4-18.3 and OR 7.0; 95%CI, 2.1-23.1, respectively). Conclusion: In a Dutch cohort of overweight/obese children, Turkish children showed significantly higher prevalences of cardiometabolic risk factors relative to their peers of Moroccan descent. The prospective value of these findings needs to be established as this may warrant the need for differential ethnic-specific preventive measures. © 2009 van Vliet et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Insulin sensitivity, VO2max and body composition in severely obese Swedish children and adolescents; Aim: The aim of this study was to identify relationships between insulin sensitivity (SI), cardiorespiratory fitness and body composition in severely obese Swedish children and adolescents. Methods: Two hundred and twenty-eight obese children (119 girls, 8-16 years, body mass index (BMI) 23.2-57.0 kg/m 2) performed a frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test (FSIVGTT), a submaximal bicycle ergometry test and a dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DEXA). Results: Mean SI (SD) was 0.38 (0.32) (×10 -5/min/pM). SI correlated positively with relative body mass (BM) VO2max (r = 0.42) (p < 0.001), relative fat-free mass (FFM) VO2max (r = 0.36) (p < 0.001) and negatively with body mass index standard deviation score (BMI SDS) (r = -0.22) (p = 0.001). SI did not correlate with percent body fat (r = -0.01) and absolute VO2max (r = 0.01). In multiple regression analyses with SI as dependent variable, VO2max and body composition, together with gender, age and Tanner stage, explained 20-26% of the variance. Conclusion: Relative (BM) VO2max and relative (FFM) VO2max were stronger predictors of SI than percent body fat in severely obese children and adolescents. The study confirms that cardiorespiratory fitness is of importance for the metabolic syndrome in the studied population. Efforts to improve SI should include physical activity targeting cardiorespiratory fitness also in severely obese children and adolescents. © 2008 The Author(s). ER  - 
The lifestyle of our kids (LOOK) project: Outline of methods; This methods paper outlines the overall design of a community-based multidisciplinary longitudinal study with the intent to stimulate interest and communication from scientists and practitioners studying the role of physical activity in preventive medicine. In adults, lack of regular exercise is a major risk factor in the development of chronic degenerative diseases and is a major contributor to obesity, and now we have evidence that many of our children are not sufficiently active to prevent early symptoms of chronic disease. The lifestyle of our kids (LOOK) study investigates how early physical activity contributes to health and development, utilizing a longitudinal design and a cohort of eight hundred and thirty 7-8-year-old (grade 2) school children followed to age 11-12 years (grade 6), their average family income being very close to that of Australia. We will test two hypotheses, that (a) the quantity and quality of physical activity undertaken by primary school children will influence their psychological and physical health and development; (b) compared with existing practices in primary schools, a physical education program administered by visiting specialists will enhance health and development, and lead to a more positive perception of physical activity. To test the first hypothesis we will monitor all children longitudinally over the 4 years. To test the second we will involve an intervention group of 430 children who receive two 50 min physical education classes every week from visiting specialists and a control group of 400 who continue with their usual primary school physical education with their class-room teachers. At the end of grades 2, 4, and 6 we will measure several areas of health and development including blood risk factors for chronic disease, cardiovascular structure and function, physical fitness, psychological characteristics and perceptions of physical activity, bone structure and strength, motor control, body composition, nutritional intake, influence of teachers and family, and academic performance. © 2007 Sports Medicine Australia. ER  - 
Chronic autoimmune thyroiditis in children and adolescents: At presentation and during long-term follow-up; Objective: To investigate the clinical manifestations of autoimmune thyroiditis (AIT) leading to referral in children and adolescents, in addition to disease course and longterm outcome. Design: Chart review. Setting: Major tertiary hospital. Patients: 114 children/adolescents (92 female, 22 male; mean (SD) age 11.8 (35) years) with AIT referred for evaluation/treatment. Main outcome measures: Clinical characteristics at presentation, reasons for referral, treatment and longterm (mean 6 years) outcome; by thyroid and pubertal status. Results: The male/female (1:4.2) ratio was lower than in adult AIT (1:10) and varied by age. Patients with noticeable goitre at presentation (39.5%) accounted for half the total number in whom goitre was eventually diagnosed. Other reasons for referral were clinical symptoms of hypothyroidism (28.9%) and findings on work-up for an unrelated problem (19.2%) or for high-risk groups (10.5%). There was no difference in management or outcome between patients who underwent ultrasound (n = 79) or not. Treatment was initiated shortly after diagnosis in all 42 hypothyroid patients and 44/48 compensated hypothyroid patients, and within 16 months in 19/24 euthyroid patients. There was no change in thyroid status in the nine untreated patients. Height standard deviation score (SDS) was normal at referral and last visit and correlated with parental height SDS. Puberty was normal. There was no significant difference in body mass index SDS at referral by pubertal or thyroid status. There was no difference from the general population in the prevalence of obesity. Conclusions: Although goitre is the main symptom leading to diagnosis of AIT, it is still often overlooked, underscoring the need for thorough thyroid evaluation on routine physical examination. Acquired hypothyroidism is not often associated with obesity, and ultrasound usually has no added diagnostic value. Adequate treatment in this age group leads to normal growth, puberty and final height. ER  - 
Insulin-like growth factor I and growth responses during the first year of growth hormone treatment in KIGS patients with idiopathic growth hormone deficiency, acquired growth hormone deficiency, Turner syndrome and born small for gestational age; Background and Methods: We assessed the value of in- sulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) monitoring during growth hormone (GH) treatment by retrospectively examining the relationships between (1) GH dose and IGF-I response, (2) baseline serum IGF-I concentration and growth response and (3) serum IGF-I response and growth response after 1 year of GH treatment among patients in the Pfizer International Growth Study database (KIGS). KIGS patients were eligible for the study if they were classified as having idiopathic GH deficiency, acquired GH deficiency, Turner syndrome or were born small for gestational age. Results: Correlations between GH dose and IGF-I response and between pretreatment IGF-I values and first-year growth response were weak across all groups. Correlations between the IGF-I response and growth response after 1 year of treatment were greater than those between baseline serum IGF-I values and first-year growth response. Pre- and posttreatment clinical characteristics were consistently different across all groups, but the numerous technical factors affecting these relationships are remediable. Conclusions: IGF-I monitoring during GH therapy is a valuable tool to monitor compliance and ensure that IGF-I levels do not exceed the normal range for extended periods. IGF-I monitoring may help clinicians increase GH doses as needed during puberty to achieve normal serum IGF-I values and normal or enhanced growth. Copyright © 2009 S. Karger AG. ER  - 
Use of recombinant human growth hormone in children with thalassemia; Background: Growth failure occurs in children with chronic anemias and, in particular, in approximately 30% of those with thalassemia. Methods: We assessed recombinant human growth hormone (rhGH) use in a large cohort of children with thalassemia enrolled in the Pfizer International Growth Study Database (KIGS). Results: We identified 147 short children with thalassemia who were treated with rhGH in KIGS. Of these, approximately 40% had a primary diagnosis of GH deficiency (GHD). They had low birth weight, short parents, reduced genetic height potential, low insulin-like growth factor I levels and delayed bone age. Treatment with rhGH for 1 year resulted in a significantly increased growth rate regardless of underlying GH or pubertal status. Although the resultant growth rates for thalassemic children were significantly higher than at baseline, they were less than those seen in similarly treated short children with or without GHD. Conclusions: GH testing should be performed in short thalassemic children, and those with GHD should be treated with rhGH. The value of rhGH therapy in short thalassemic children without GHD is less clear-cut and requires further study regarding final height outcome. Copyright © 2009 S. Karger AG. ER  - 
Contribution of early weight gain to childhood overweight and metabolic health: A longitudinal study (EarlyBird 36); BACKGROUND. Early weight gain (0-5 years) is thought to be an important contributor to childhood obesity and consequently metabolic risk. There is a scarcity of longitudinal studies in contemporary children reporting the impact of early weight gain on metabolic health. OBJECTIVE. We aimed to assess the impact of early weight gain on metabolic health at 9 years of age. METHOD. Two hundred thirty-three children (134 boys, 99 girls) with a gestational age of ≥37 weeks were assessed at birth, 5 years of age, and 9 years of age. Measures included weight SD scores at each time point and excess weight gained (A weight SD score) between them. The outcome measure included composite metabolic score (sum of internally derived z scores of insulin resistance, mean blood pressure, triglyceride level, and total cholesterol/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio). RESULTS. Weight SD score increased by 0.29 SD score in girls and 0.26 SD score in boys from 0 to 5 years of age and by 0.03 SD score in girls and 0.11 SD score in boys from 5 to 9 years of age. Weight SD score correlated poorly to moderately before 5 years of age but strongly after 5 years of age. Birth weight SD score predicted (girls/boys) 2.4%/0% of the variability in composite metabolic score at 9 years of age. Adding δ weight SD score (0-5 years old) contributed (girls/boys) 11.2%/7.0% to the score, and adding δ weight SD score (5-9 years old) additionally contributed (girls/boys) 26.4%/16.5%. Importantly, once weight SD score at 9 years of age was known, predictive strength was changed little by adding δ weight SD score. CONCLUSIONS. Most excess weight before puberty is gained before 5 years of age. Weight at 5 years of age bears little relation to birth weight but closely predicts weight at 9 years of age. Single measures of current weight are predictive of metabolic health, whereas weight gain within a specific period adds little. A single measure of weight at 5 years of age provides a pointer to future health for the individual. If metabolic status at 9 years of age means future risk, diabetes/ cardiovascular prevention strategies might better focus on preschool-aged children, because the die seems to be largely cast by 5 years of age, and a healthy weight early in childhood may be maintained at least into puberty. Copyright © 2009 by the American Academy of Pediatrics. ER  - 
Information processing, attention and visual-motor function of adolescents born after in vitro fertilization compared with spontaneous conception; BACKGROUND: Adverse conditions during prenatal life are associated with changes in physical and mental functioning in later life, as shown in children born preterm or small for gestational age. While recently in IVF children cardiometabolic differences have been demonstrated, there might also be risks for disturbance in cognitive functions. Therefore, this study examined information processing, attention and visual-motor function in pubertal IVF children compared with spontaneously conceived controls from subfertile parents. Results of these cognitive functions were then related to cardiometabolic measures to explore whether both can be explained by changes in fetal programming due to IVF. METHODS: A total of 139 IVF and 143 control adolescents underwent various neuropsychological tests to measure information processing, attention and visual-motor function. The results were then related to data on blood pressure and glucose levels previously obtained from the same groups. RESULTS: No differences between IVF and control adolescents were found in the various test results for information processing and attention. A slight difference was found between the groups for motor speed, but these scores were within the normal range for the test. No direct relation was found between cognitive measures and cardiometabolic outcome. CONCLUSIONS: Comparison of IVF adolescents and controls revealed no disturbances in information processing, attention and visual-motor function. In addition, these cognitive functions were not directly related to cardiometabolic outcome. Therefore, these results do not support the hypothesis that cognition is influenced by IVF conception or an altered programming of metabolic systems due to IVF, and indicate that cognitive abilities in IVF children, as measured by the tasks assessed, appear to develop normally. ER  - 
Serum transaminases concentrations in obese children and adolescents; The aim of the study was to investigate the relationship between liver transaminase levels and metabolic syndrome (MS) features in obese children and adolescents. A total of 132 children and adolescents (73 males and 59 females) aged 8 - 16, participated in the study. All were studied at the department of Paediatrics, University Hospital of Zaragoza (Spain). Inclusion criteria were the existence of obesity as defined by body mass index (BMI) according to Cole cut-off values (when BMI was higher than the age and sex specific equivalent to 30 kg/m2). The definition of metabolic syndrome was according to the International Diabetes Federation criteria. Weight (kg), height (cm), waist circumference (cm), blood pressure and BMI were measured. Laboratory determinations after overnight fasting included: transaminases (ALT, AST, GGT), fasting glucose, insulin, triglycerides and HDL-C. The MS was found in 21.6% of the obese children and adolescents and the prevalence was higher in males (25.9%) than in females (15.9%). Serum transaminases (ALT, AST and GGT) mean concentrations were higher in males than in females, and decreased during pubertal development. The obese children and adolescents with the MS did not show higher transaminases concentrations when compared with those without the MS. Some MS manifestations (mainly waist circumference) showed a correlation with ALT, although all transaminases values were normal according to adult references. Liver transaminases, a surrogate marker of NAFLD, did not show an early and consistent manifestation of abnormalities in the obese children and adolescents studied. In order to define the presence of the disease, it would be necessary to obtain aminotransferase reference standards for children and adolescents, considering pubertal stage and gender. ER  - 
Low muscle fitness is associated with metabolic risk in youth; PURPOSE: To examine the independent associations of muscle fitness and cardiorespiratory fitness with clustered metabolic risk in youth. METHODS:: In 2005-2006, a cohort of 9- and 15-yr-olds (N = 2818) was randomly selected from all regions of Norway. The participation rate was 89% and 74% among the9-and 15-yr-olds, respectively. We assessed muscular strength by measuring explosive, isometric, and endurance strength. Cardiorespiratory fitness was measured directly as peak oxygen uptake during a cycle ergometry test. Risk factors included in the composite risk factor score (sum of z-scores) were systolic blood pressure, triglyceride, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, insulin resistance, and waist circumference. RESULTS:: Muscle fitness was negatively associated with clustered metabolic risk, independent of cardiorespiratory fitness, and after adjustment for age, sex, and pubertal stage (β = -0.112, P < 0.001). Independent of muscle fitness, an inverse association was found between cardiorespiratory fitness and clustered metabolic risk (β = -0.337, P < 0.001). Moreover, the odds ratios for having clustered risk in the least fit quartile compared with the most fit quartile were 7.2 (95% confidence interval (CI)=4.3-12.0) and 17.3 (95% CI = 9.2-32.7) for muscle fitness and cardiorespiratory fitness, respectively. CONCLUSIONS:: Our results show that muscle fitness and cardiorespiratory fitness are independently associated with metabolic risk in youth. ER  - 
Anti-Müllerian hormone (AMH): What do we still need to know?; In the ovary, Anti-Müllerian hormone (AMH) is produced by the granulosa cells of early developing follicles and inhibits the transition from the primordial to the primary follicular stage. AMH levels can be measured in serum and have been shown to be proportional to the number of small antral follicles. In women serum AMH levels decrease with age and are undetectable in the post-menopausal period. In patients with premature ovarian failure AMH is undetectable or greatly reduced depending of the number of antral follicles in the ovaries. In contrast, AMH levels have been shown to be increased in women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). AMH levels appear to represent the quantity of the ovarian follicle pool and may become a useful marker of ovarian reserve. AMH measurement could also be useful in the prediction of the extremes of ovarian response to gonadotrophin stimulation for in vitro fertilization, namely poor- and hyper-response. Although AMH has the potential to increase our understanding of ovarian pathophysiology, and to guide clinical management in a broad range of conditions, a number of important questions relating to both the basic physiology of AMH and its clinical implications need to be answered. © The Author 2009. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the European Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Frequency of microalbuminuria in type 1 diabetic children; Objective: Diabetic nephropathy is a serious complication of type 1 diabetes which involves one third of the patients. The aim of this study was to estimate the frequency of microalbuminuria in type 1 diabetic patients visited in Pediatric Endocrine Clinic in Hamedan, west province of Iran, in 2007. Methods: Diabetic patients visited in Pediatric Diabetes Clinic were enrolled in the study. Variable data such as age, sex, duration of the disease, stage of puberty, dose of insulin/kg/day, and blood pressure of the patients were obtained according to history and physical examination. 24h urine samples were collected for protein, creatinine, and microalbumine. Data analysis was assessed using independent t-test and chi-square test. Findings: One-hundred five patients (56 females and 49 males) with a mean age of 13.3±5.5 years, were evaluated. Fifteen (14.3%) cases had microalbuminuria. Mean age in microalbuminuric group was 16.2±2.8, and in non-microalbuminuric group was 12.7±5.6 years (P=0.024). Mean duration of diabetes was 9.1±3.2 yr in microalbuminuric and 4.5± 3.9 in non-microalbuminuric group. There was a significant correlation between duration of diabetes and microalbuminuria (P<0.001). Blood pressure was normal in 95.5% of the patients while in patients with microalbuminuria 73.3% had hypertension (P<0.001). Frequency of microalbuminuria was higher in patients taking lower doses of insulin corrected to their body weight (P=0.008). Conclusion: Frequency of microalbuminuria was significant, so regular screening is highly recommended for early detection and timely treatment of diabetic nephropathy in order to prevent progression to end stage renal disease. © 2009 by Center of Excellence for Pediatrics, Children's Medical Center, Tehran University of Medical Sciences, All rights reserved. ER  - 
Analysis of reasons of short stature in own material; Introduction: Short stature, defined as body height below the 10 th percentile (<-1.2 SDS for sex and age) is often a reason for referring children to the paediatric endocrinology department. The most frequent diagnoses are: CDGP (constitutional delay of growth and puberty), FSS (familiar short stature), GHD (growth hormone deficiency), Turner's syndrome (TS). The aim of the study was an analysis of reasons for short stature and evaluation of the frequency of GHD and TS in short stature children in own clinical material. Material and methods: 1314 patients with short stature, aged 1 to 18 years (790 boys and 524 girls). Diagnostic procedures included an interview, physical examination, measurements of body weight and height, parents' height. Birth weight and length were analyzed. Anthropometric measurements were done by anthropologist according to current criteria. The values of somatic measurements were normalized according to the Institute of Mother and Child references 2001. Body height deficiency was from -1.2 SDS (10 percentile) to -4.0 SDS (≪ 3rd percentile). Results: 60% boys and 40% girls were in our group, at average age 10.27±3,84 years. In 246 children (18.7%) growth hormone deficiency was diagnosed: 176 boys and 70 girls. 49 girls had Turner's syndrome, 4 had coeliac disease (0.3%) and 4 boys had Noonan syndrome (0.5% boys). In 1011 children (76.9%) neither somatic disorders nor growth hormone deficiency were diagnosed. In 19% children low birth parameters were observed. No correlation between birth parameters and body height deficiency was observed. Conclusions: 1. GHD was diagnosed in 18,7% children and Turner's syndrome was diagnosed in 9,4% girls. In the majority of children birth parameters do not determine short stature. 2. Low birth parameters were more frequent in girls with TS than in other children. ER  - 
Menarcheal timing in intensively treated girls with type 1 diabetes mellitus; Background and aim: Previous studies on menarcheal age (MA) in type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) have shown conflicting results about the effects of DM, but most lack a control group. The present study design is peculiar in that it covers a study population of 73 intensively treated menarcheal adolescents with premenarcheal onset of T1DM (Group A), whose MA was compared with that recorded in three control populations: the first one consisting of 280 healthy adolescents, the second one consisting of 20 T1DM adolescents with postmenarcheal DM onset (Group B) and the third one represented by the respective mothers. Methods and results: MA of Group A patients was significantly delayed when compared with the respective mothers, healthy controls and Group B patients. By contrast MA of Group B girls was superimposable to the one of both their respective mothers and healthy controls. In Group A MA was strongly related (p < 0.0005) to HbA1c at the time of menarche and to average HbA1c concentrations during the last years before menarche. In Group A no relationship between patients' and mothers' MAs was found, whilst such a correlation was significant in Group B. Conclusions: (a) MA is significantly delayed in girls with premenarcheal presentation of T1DM, even if intensively treated; (b) menarcheal retardation is more severe in the patients with suboptimal metabolic control at the time of menarche; and (c) MA in premenarcheal presenting T1DM is irrespective of maternal MA, age and HbA1c concentrations at DM presentation, body mass index and daily insulin dose at menarche. © 2008 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The Relationship of Retinol Binding Protein 4 to Changes in Insulin Resistance and Cardiometabolic Risk in Overweight Black Adolescents; Objective: To assess, among overweight non-hispanic black adolescents the relationship of changes in plasma retinol binding protein 4 (RBP4) over 3 years to changes in insulin resistance (IR) and 4 associated cardiometabolic risks. Study design: Nested, retrospective study of 51 overweight, post-pubertal non-Hispanic black participants in the Princeton School District Study. Participants were in the top (worsening IR) or bottom (improved IR) quartile for 3-year change in IR. RBP4 was measured by quantitative Western blot with frozen plasma. Regression analyses adjusted for age, sex, and adiposity (baseline and change). Three measures of adiposity were assessed (waist circumference, body mass index, and weight) in separate regression models. Results: RBP4 increased in one third (n = 17). In logistic regression analyses, increased RBP4 was associated with significantly higher odds of worsening as opposed to improved IR independent of age, sex, or adiposity. Odds ratios were 5.6 (weight, P = .024), 6.0 (BMI, P = .025) and 7.4 (waist circumference, P = .015). Initial RBP4 (β = 0.81, P = .005) and change in RBP4 (β = 0.56, P = .046) also predicted change in triglycerides, but not change in high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol, or fibrinogen. Conclusion: This retrospective cohort study provides evidence that RBP4 may be a mechanism through which obesity influences insulin resistance and hypertriglyceridemia in overweight postpubertal black youth and suggests utility of RBP4 as a biomarker of risk. © 2009 Mosby, Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Clinical research in adolescents: Challenges and opportunities using obesity as a model; Adolescent medicine is relatively young, compared to paediatric or adult medicine. Descriptive and observational studies have dominated the adolescent literature, including those studies published in the International Journal of Obesity. In addition, many studies have combined child and adolescent age groups, making it difficult to determine adolescent-specific outcomes. It is important that high quality intervention studies in adolescents occur. Adolescence is a time of extraordinary plasticity. Habits, attitudes and physical morbidity that develop during adolescence set up trajectories that have a profound influence on health and wellbeing for the long term. Overweight and obesity are an excellent example of the need for high quality intervention studies and yet in the last two decades there have been very few randomized, controlled trials of overweight and obesity management in adolescents. There are a number of complexities in adolescent research that create additional challenges to those that accompany any clinical research. These include recruitment and retention, issues around consent and confidentiality and the central role that parents play in supporting the research protocol. Pubertal stage is a potential confounder and needs to be accurately measured. This is certainly true for studies in overweight and obesity where excess adiposity influences pubertal and other hormones. The opportunities to undertake quality research in adolescents are likely to be enhanced by the use of novel approaches which acknowledge the unique features of adolescents and their world. © 2009 Macmillan Publishers Limited All rights reserved. ER  - 
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association data identifies two loci influencing age at menarche; We conducted a meta-analysis of genome-wide association data to detect genes influencing age at menarche in 17,510 women. The strongest signal was at 9q31.2 (P = 1.7 × 10 9), where the nearest genes include TMEM38B, FKTN, FSD1L, TAL2 and ZNF462. The next best signal was near the LIN28B gene (rs7759938; P = 7.0 × 10 9), which also influences adult height. We provide the first evidence for common genetic variants influencing female sexual maturation. ER  - 
Gender differences in the relationships among obesity, adiponectin and brachial artery distensibility in adolescents and young adults; Background:Obesity-related cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) are a major cause of cardiovascular (CV) mortality. Obesity-related reduction in vascular protective adipose-derived proteins, such as adiponectin (APN), has an important role.Methods:We compared brachial artery distensibility (BrachD) with APN, the level of adiposity and other CV risk factors (CVRFs) in 431 post-pubertal subjects (mean 17.9 years). Gender differences in average values were examined by t-tests. Correlations among BrachD, obesity and other CVRFs were examined. Regression analysis was performed to determine whether APN provided an independent contribution to BrachD, while controlling for obesity and other CVRFs.Results:Male subjects had lower BrachD (5.721.37 vs 6.451.60% change per mm Hg, P0.0001) and lower APN (10.504.65 vs 13.206.53; all P0.04) than female subjects. BrachD correlated with APN (r0.25, P 0.0001). Both BrachD and APN correlated with measures of body size, including height, weight and body mass index (BMI). Both correlated with higher systolic blood pressure, glucose, insulin and lower high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (all P0.01). In multivariate analysis, APN, gender, APNgender and BMI z-score predicted BrachD (r 2 0.305). On the basis of gender difference, only BMI z-score was significant for male subjects (r 2 0.080), whereas APN and BMI z-score contributed for female subjects (r 2 0.242, all P0.0001).Conclusions:BrachD is independently influenced by obesity in both male and female subjects. In female subjects, APN exerts an additional independent effect even after adjusting for blood pressure (BP), lipid levels and insulin. Differences in the effect of the APN-adiposity relationship on obesity-related vascular disease may be one reason for gender differences in the development and progression of atherosclerosis. © 2009 Macmillan Publishers Limited. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Determinants of weight gain in pregnant women attending a public prenatal care facility in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil: A prospective study, 2005-2007; The objective of this study was to evaluate the determinants of weight gain during pregnancy. The study adopted a prospective cohort design with four follow-up waves and included a sample of 255 pregnant women that received prenatal care at a public health care facility in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. A mixed-effects linear longitudinal regression model was used, having as the dependent variable the weight assessed in four follow-up waves, and as independent variables: demographic, socioeconomic, reproductive, behavioral, and nutritional data. Mean weight gain was 0.413kg per gestational week, consistent with recommendations by the Institute of Medicine. Per capita family income and smoking were associated with total weight gain during gestation. According to the longitudinal multiple linear regression model, age (β = 0.6315), menarche (β = -2.3861), triglycerides (β = 0.0437), blood glucose (β = 0.1544), and adequacy of energy consumption (β = -0.0642) were associated with gestational weight gain. Special attention should be given to these subgroups, due to increased risk of excessive weight gain. ER  - 
Longitudinal analysis of the insulin-like growth factor system in African-American and European American children and adolescents; Context: IGF-I and its binding proteins influence growth, development, and disease risk. Studies have revealed ethnic variations in the IGF system. Objective: This longitudinal studywasundertaken to test the hypothesis that the ethnic differences in the IGF system exist throughout the pubertal transition, and these differences are mediated at least in part by inherent differences in insulin dynamics. Design: This was a longitudinal study. Annual evaluations were conducted for pubertal maturation, body composition, acute insulin response to glucose (AIRg), and reproductive-endocrine profile. Hormones and binding proteins were determined using standard assays, the AIRg during a frequently sampled iv glucose tolerance test, and body composition by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry. Mixed model analyses were used to identify and characterize ethnic differences in the IGF system across the pubertal transition after adjusting for ethnicity, sex, age, maturation status, body composition, and reproductive hormones, and to identify the contribution of insulin to IGF binding protein (IGFBP)-1. Participants: Subjects included African-American (AA) and European American children (n = 162 at baseline) aged 7-16 yr, evaluated across the pubertal transition. Main Outcome Measures: Annual data on IGF-I, IGFBP-1, and IGFBP-3 were examined. Results: IGF-I was higher in AA children at pubertal stage 1 only (P < 0.001). However, IGFBP-3 and IGFBP-1 concentrations were lower in AAs through much of puberty (P < 0.05). The lower IGFBP-1 of AAs was in part explained by greater AIRg. Conclusions: Our data suggest that the higher IGF-I and lower IGFBP-1 and IGFBP-3 levels in AAs as compared with European Americans during puberty suggest potential ethnic differences in circulating bioavailable IGF-I. In addition, higher AIRg in AAsmaylead to greater bioavailable IGF-I. Whether these differences in the IGF system account for disparities in disease risk warrants further investigation. Copyright © 2008 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Distribution and cutoff points of fasting insulin in asian Indian adolescents and their association with metabolic syndrome; Aim: To evaluate the levels and appropriate cutoff points of fasting insulin, and their association with the metabolic syndrome (MS) in Asian Indian adolescents. Methods: This cross-sectional, population based study included 948 (527 males & 421 females) adolescent subjects aged 14-19 years selected randomly from New Delhi, India. Cutoff points of fasting insulin were defined using Receiver Operating Characteristics curve analysis against overweight, abdominal obesity and high subscapular skinfold thickness. The MS was defined according to NCEP, ATP III and IDF criteria using age-, gender- and ethnicityspecific cutoff points. Results: Fasting insulin levels peaked at 16 y and reduced subsequently in both genders. The derived cutoff points for fasting insulin (pmol/L) were: 14-15 y- 128.5 and 164.8; 16-17 y- 126.1 and 152.8; 18-19 y- 121.2 and 162.4 in males and females, respectively. Prevalence of fasting hyperinsulinemia (39.1%) and MS (NCEP 2.2%, IDF 1.5%) was highest in age group 16-17 years. Conclusion: The data from this first study describing the distribution and cutoff points of fasting insulin in Asian Indian adolescents may be helpful for detection of and application of primary prevention strategies for fasting hyperinsulinemia and the metabolic syndrome in this population. © JAPI. ER  - 
Acylation stimulating protein but not complement C3 associates with metabolic syndrome components in Chinese children and adolescents; Objective: Childhood obesity is increasing worldwide and is increasingly associated with metabolic syndrome (MetS). Our aim was to examine acylation stimulating protein (ASP) and its precursor complement C3, in normal, overweight, and obese Chinese children and adolescents, and the relationships with body size, blood parameters, pubertal development, family environment, and MetS. Methods: Children and adolescents (n=1603) from 6 to 18 years, boys (n=873) and girls (n=730), including normal weight (n=603), overweight (n=291) and obese (n=709) were assessed for body size parameters, pubertal development, blood lipids, glucose, insulin, ASP, and C3. Results: ASP levels were increased in overweight and obese versus normal weight (P < 0.001), while C3 showed little variation. This effect of overweight/obesity remained throughout early stages when boys and girls were separated by pubertal development or age, although age and pubertal status itself had no effect. Separation based on ASP quintiles demonstrated significant associations with blood cholesterol, triglyceride, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-Chol), glucose, insulin, and homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance in boys, and LDL-Chol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and glucose in girls. A positive correlation with mother's body mass index in boys and girls (P=0.002 and P=0.014 respectively) as well as birth weight (P<0.001) was noted. MetS was strongly associated with increased ASP, the presence of a single MetS factor (especially hypertension, central obesity, or hyperglycemia) was associated with increased ASP. Conclusion: Changes in the plasma adipokine ASP in early obesity are associated with blood lipid and glucose modifications, family environment, and distinct MetS risk factors. © 2008 European Society of Endocrinology. ER  - 
High-density lipoprotein subclasses distribution and composition in Mexican adolescents with low HDL cholesterol and/or high triglyceride concentrations, and its association with insulin and c-reactive protein; We tested whether low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and/or high triglycerides are associated to abnormal HDL subclasses distribution and composition, and their relationships with fasting insulin and C-reactive protein (CRP). Four groups of adolescents were studied: group 1 (HDL-C ≤ 35 mg/dl + TG ≥ 150 mg/dl; n = 16); group 2 (isolated HDL-C ≤ 35 mg/dl; n = 31); group 3 (isolated TG ≥ 150 mg/dl; n = 20); and group 4 (CT < 200 mg/dl, HDL-C > 35 mg/dl, LDL-C < 130 mg/dl, and TG < 150 mg/dl; n = 39). Tanner score-adjusted proportions of large subspecies (HDL2b, HDL2a) were lower, and small (HDL3b, HDL3c) were higher in groups 1, 2 and 3 than in group 4. As a result, HDL particle size in the three dyslipidemic groups was smaller than in group 4 (p < 0.001). HDL CE, FC, PL, and apo AI percent contents were lower, whereas HDL TG percent content was higher in groups 1, 2 and 3 compared to group 4. CRP median values were also significantly higher in the three groups with dyslipidemia than in normolipidemic subjects (group 4). Fasting Insulin concentration and HOMA-IR were significantly higher in group 1 than in the other three groups. In stepwise multivariate analysis HDL subclass distribution and composition were independently associated only with HDL-C and waist circumference. As reported in adults, adolescents with low HDL-C and/or high TG have abnormalities in HDL subclasses distribution and lipid composition, which may render their HDL dysfunctional. In addition, these subjects have high CRP and insulin levels suggesting the presence of chronic low-grade inflammation. © 2008 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Weight-bearing bones are more sensitive to physical exercise in boys than in girls during pre- and early puberty: A cross-sectional study; Summary: We carried out a cross-section study of the sex-specific relationship between bone mineral content and physical activity at sites with different loading in pre- and early pubertal girls and boys. There was significant sensitivity of bone mineral content of the hip to physical exercise in boys, but not in girls. Background: Since little is known whether there are sex differences in sensitivity of bone to loading, we investigated sex differences in the cross-sectional association between measures of physical activity (PA) and bone mass and size in pre- and early pubertal children of both sexes. Methods: We measured bone mineral content/density (BMC/BMD) and fat-free mass (FFM) in 269 6- to 13-year-old children from randomly selected schools by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry. Physical activity (PA) was measured by accelerometers and lower extremity strength by a jump-and-reach test. Results: Boys (n=128) had higher hip and total body BMC and BMD, higher FFM, higher muscle strength and were more physically active than girls (n=141). Total hip BMC was positively associated with time spent in total and vigorous PA in boys (r=0.20-0.33, p<0.01), but not in girls (r=0.02-0.04, p = ns), even after adjusting for FFM and strength. While boys and girls in the lowest tertile of vigorous PA (22 min/day) did not differ in hip BMC (15.62 vs 15.52 g), boys in the highest tertile (72 min/day) had significantly higher values than the corresponding girls (16.84 vs 15.71 g, p<0.05). Conclusions: Sex differences in BMC during pre- and early puberty may be related to a different sensitivity of bone to physical loading, irrespective of muscle mass. © 2008 International Osteoporosis Foundation and National Osteoporosis Foundation. ER  - 
Cardiovascular fitness, insulin resistance and metabolic syndrome in severely obese prepubertal Italian children; Aim: To evaluate if insulin resistance (IR) and metabolic syndrome (MS) were associated with poor cardiovascular fitness in very obese prepubertal Italian subjects. Methods: Children referred to the Endocrinology and Diabetes Unit of Bambino Gesù Children's Hospital underwent an OGTT with glucose and insulin assays. QUICKI, ISI and HOMA-IR were calculated. Total and HDL cholesterol, triglycerides and percentage of body fat (DEXA) were determined. Cardiovascular fitness (maximal treadmill time) was evaluated using a treadmill protocol. The MS was defined as having 3 or more of following risk factors: obesity, impaired glucose tolerance, high blood pressure, low HDL-cholesterol, high triglycerides. Results: Fifty-five very obese prepubertal Italian children were enrolled in the study. Unadjusted correlation revealed maximal treadmill time negatively related to fasting insulin (r = -0.53, p < 0.0001) and HOMA-IR (r = -0.57, p < 0.0001) and positively to QUICKI (r = 0.51, p < 0.0001) and ISI (r = 0.46, p = 0.0035). These relationships remained significant when in multivariate analysis age, gender, BMI SD and body composition were accounted for (all p < 0.01). The presence of the MS was independently associated with maximal treadmill time. Conclusion: Poorcardiovascular fitness, IR and MS were independently related, suggesting that the relationship between fitness and insulin action develops early in life. Copyright © 2008 S. Karger AG. ER  - 
The role of endocrine insulin-like growth factor-I and insulin in breast cancer; Epidemiologic studies demonstrate that breast cancer is the most common type of cancer diagnosed in women and is a significant cause of morbidity and mortality. While there are many risk factors known to be associated with increased breast cancer risk, this review will focus specifically on circulating IGF-I, hyperinsulinemia, and type 2 diabetes. Their effects on promoting breast cancer development, progression, and adverse outcomes have been demonstrated in both animal and human studies, suggesting that the IGF system is a potential target for breast cancer therapy. In addition, in the clinical setting, emphasizing metabolic risk modifications to patients including weight loss, dietary changes, and diabetes control may also play an important role in breast cancer risk reduction. © Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2008. ER  - 
An evaluation of physical development and metabolic control in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus receiving treatment with various insulin regimens. Part 1; Background. Physical and pubertal development of children with type 1 diabetes mellitus, especially chronically uncontrolled diabetes mellitus, may be abnormal. The aim of the study was to evaluate physical development, pubertal development and metabolic control in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus managed with humanised insulins, insulin analogues injected with an insulin pen and insulin analogues administered with an insulin pump. Material and methods. The study enrolled 99 children (48 boys and 51 girls) 12.8 ± 1.5 years of age with diabetes mellitus of 3.7 ± 2.4 years' duration. The children were divided into three groups depending on the treatment regimen they were on. The children were followed up for 2 years, during which time the following parameters were evaluated on three occasions: Tanner stage, height, body mass, body mass index (BMI), fasting and postprandial glucose, HbA1c, total cholesterol (TC), HDL-cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol and triglycerides (TG). Results. While body mass at baseline and at 1 year did not differ from that in healthy individuals, it was significantly higher at 2 years in 15-year-old boys and 16-year-old girls than body mass in their respective healthy peers living in Warsaw. 12-year-old and 16-year-old girls were significantly taller than their healthy peers living in Warsaw. BMI in 14-, 15- and 16-year-old boys and 15- and 16-year-old girls was significantly higher than BMI in healthy children. We demonstrated a significant difference in insulin requirement between children at Tanner stage I and children at Tanner stages III, IV and V. In children managed with humanised insulins (Group 1), the percentage of children with HbA 1c ≥ 7.6% significantly increased from 48.0% to 82.9%. In children receiving insulin pump therapy (Group 2), no cases of HbA1c < 6.05% were observed in the 2 years of follow-up. The percentage of children with HbA1c ≥ 7.6% increased from 72.0% at baseline to 89.3% at 1 year and 87.1% at 2 years. In Group 3, the percentage of children with HbA 1c ≥ 7.6% decreased from 81.8% at 1 year to 65.0% at 2 years, but the difference was not statistically significant. We showed a significant correlation of: body mass and height with the daily insulin dose; body mass and BMI with the duration of diabetes; BMI with TG and the daily insulin dose; and HbA1c with the duration of antidiabetic treatment, TC, LDL, TG and fasting glucose. TC showed a positive correlation with HDL, LDL, TG and HbA 1c and a negative correlation with the daily insulin dose. TG showed a positive correlation with BMI, TC, LDL, HbA1c and the mean fasting glucose with HbA1c. Insulin requirement was higher in older children, children with a longer duration of treatment and children with higher body mass and BMI. Pubertal development ran a normal course and the occurrence of menarche correlated with the duration of antidiabetic treatment. Conclusions. 1. During the 2 years of follow-up growth rate and pubertal development in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus were normal and did not differ from growth rates observed in healthy children. 2. BMI in 14-, 15- and 16-year-old boys and in 15- and 16-year-old girls was higher than BMI in healthy children. 3. Poor metabolic control was not related to the type of insulin or insulin regimen, although it was related to lack of self-control. Copyright © 2008 Via Medica. ER  - 
Impact of diabetes mellitus on the sexuality of Peruvian postmenopausal; Aim. To evaluate sexual function among postmenopausal diabetic women. Patients and methods. A total of 72 postmenopausal women, 36 diabetic, with a stable partner were included in this study. Sexual functioning was assessed using the Female Sexual Functioning Index (FSFI) and depression using the Beck Depression Inventory scale. Results. There was no difference between diabetic and control women regarding age, years of schooling, number of children, age at menarche, age at first sexual experience, years postmenopausal or body mass index. Diabetics had a worse score for depression (11.5±5.6 vs. 8.9±4.7, p<0.03), a lower frequency of sexual intercourse per month (2.7±2.8 vs. 4.4±2.9, p<0.01) and a more deteriorated marital relationship (scale of 0-20: 13.4±2.9 vs. 15.1±1.9, p<0.009). Diabetics demonstrated worse scores globally (19.3±8.1 vs. 26.8±4.5, p<0.0001) and in all domains of the FSFI: desire (2.6±1.4 vs. 3.8±1.1, p<0.0001), arousal (3.5±1.9 vs. 4.7±0.8, p<0.002), lubrication (3.2±1.9 vs. 4.5±1.3, p<0.003), orgasm (3.2±1.8 vs. 4.5±1.1, p<0.002), satisfaction (3.8±1.3 vs. 4.8±0.9, p<0.0005) and pain (3.1±1.7 vs. 4.6±1.3, p<0.0001) (values all mean±standard deviation). Considering sexual dysfunction as a score higher than 26.55, the prevalence of sexual dysfunction among diabetics was 75.0% vs. 30.6% in the control group (p<0.001). After adjusting for depression, years of schooling, hysterectomy, marital relationship and age, diabetes mellitus remained an important risk factor for sexual dysfunction (odds ratio 6.2, 95% confidence interval 2.0-19.6, p<0.02). Conclusion. Diabetes mellitus affects all areas of female sexuality and this condition is independent of depression. © 2008 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Endocrine and metabolic disorders in young adult survivors of childhood acute lymphoblastic leukaemia (ALL) or non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL); Background: Treatments of acute lymphoblastic leukaemia (ALL) and non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL), involving various combinations of chemotherapy (chemo), cranial irradiation (CI) and/or bone marrow transplantation after total body irradiation (BMT/TBI), are often successful but may have several long-term harmful effects. Objective: To evaluate late endocrine and metabolic complications in adult survivors of childhood ALL and NHL, in relation with the different therapeutic schemes received. Design: Endocrine and metabolic parameters were determined in 94 patients (48 men, mean age: 24 ± 5 years) with a former childhood ALL (n = 78) or NHL (n = 16) and subgrouped according to their previous treatment: chemo only (group I; n = 44), chemo + CI (group II; n = 32) and chemo + BMT/TBI (group III; n = 18). Results: Severe GH deficiency (peak < 3.0 ng/ml after glucagon) was observed in 22% and 50% of patients of groups II and III, respectively, while hypothyroidism was mainly observed in group III (56%). Moreover, 83% of men developed hypogonadism after BMT/TBI, compared to 17% and 8% in groups I and II, respectively (P < 0.05), and all grafted women had ovarian failure, in contrast with other female patients in whom menarche had occurred spontaneously. Patients with BMT/TBI had also an adverse metabolic profile, with insulin resistance in 83% and dyslipidaemia in 61%. Conclusions: This study reveals a high prevalence of endocrine and metabolic disorders in young adult survivors of childhood ALL or NHL, this frequency mainly depending on the treatment received. Treatment with BMT/TBI is the most detrimental and many of these patients will develop GHD, hypothyroidism, hypogonadism, insulin resistance and dyslipidaemia. © 2008 The Authors. ER  - 
Does Low Birth Weight Predict Obesity/Overweight and Metabolic Syndrome in Elementary School Children?; Background: We undertook this study to explore the relationship between birth weight (BW) and childhood overweight and obesity (OW/OB) and metabolic syndrome (MS). Methods: This was a cross-sectional assessment performed in 10 elementary public schools in Buenos Aires, Argentina. Participants were 1027 students aged 9.4 ± 2.1 years. No interventions were done. We measured the association between BW in children and OW/OB and MS at 9 years of age. Results: Of the total number of children, 164 (16.0%) were OB (BMI >95th percentile) and 169 (16.5%) were OW [(body mass index (BMI) ≥85th, <95th percentile); 61% were at Tanner 1. All students came from low socioeconomic families. The prevalence of low (≤2500 g), normal, and high BW (≥4000 g) was 7.0% (n = 72), 83.7% (n = 860), and 9.3% (n = 95), respectively. MS prevalence was 5.5%. There was a significant difference in mean BMI sd score (SDS) between low BW (0.07), normal BW (0.54) and high BW (0.99). There was a significant difference in mean BMI, BMI SDS, waist circumference (WC), WC SDS, and systolic blood pressure between low, normal, and high BW groups. In separate logistic regression models, low BW proved to be a protective factor against OW/OB [OR 0.32 (95% CI 0.16-0.63)], whereas high BW was associated with a higher OW/OB risk adjusted for age and sex [OR 2.48 (95% CI 1.62-3.81)]. The risk of MS was high for those with high BW [OR 3.16 (95% CI 1.38-7.24)] and not significant for those with low BW adjusted for age and sex. Conclusions: Our data indicate that low BW is not associated with OW/OB or with MS in children, whereas high BW correlates with childhood OW/OB and MS. © 2008 IMSS. ER  - 
Metabolic syndrome among prepubertal Brazilian schoolchildren; This was a two-stage cross-sectional study that assessed metabolic syndrome and associated factors among prepubertal schoolchildren. In the first stage, nutritional status, blood pressure, personal (low birth weight) and family antecedents for cardiovascular disease (CVD) were collected. In the second stage, schoolchildren with at least one of these criteria participated: obesity, personal or family history. Metabolic syndrome (MS) was defined by ATP III and WHO definitions. Among 929 (6-10 year old) schoolchildren, 27.7% presented with overweight/obesity, 12.2% hypertension, and personal (9.4%) and family (35.3%) antecedents. 205 children finished the second stage. The frequencies of MS-ATP and MS-WHO were 9.3% and 1.9%. Among the obese, MS was present in 25.8% (ATP) and 5.2% (WHO). Children with normal weight presented: low HDL (23.6%), hyperglycaemia (3.6%), HOMA-IR (0.9%) and MS-ATP (0.9%). In conclusion, overweight/obesity was associated with metabolic syndrome in schoolchildren. It was found that children with normal weight with personal and/or family antecedents presented with HOMA-IR and MS-ATP. ER  - 
Elevated ghrelin levels in preterm born children during prepubertal ages and relationship with catch-up growth; Background: Ghrelin, the natural ligand of the GH secretagogue receptor, has potent orexigenic effect. Ghrelin levels are negatively associated with insulin secretion, increased in anorexia, and reduced in obesity. Increased ghrelin levels may be associated with early postnatal growth in preterm, born children. Objective: Aim of this study was to evaluate ghrelin and insulin levels at prepubertal ages in preterm born children born appropriate for gestational age (AGA) or small for gestational age (SGA) and relationships with catch-up growth (CUG) in a prospective cross-sectional study. Methods: Eighty-four preterm born children grouped as preterm SGA (n=28) and preterm. AGA (n=56) were evaluated at age 4.7 ± 0.2 and 4.7 ± 0. 1 years with respect to their ghrelin and insulin levels. Their data were compared with that of body mass index matched term SGA (n=35) and term AGA (n=44) children of age 4.6 ± 0.2 and 3.8 ± 0.1 years. All children had height appropriate for their target height. CUG was defined as the difference between birth size and recent size and expressed as Δ height and Δ weight SDS. Results: Preterm SGA and preterm AGA children had similar ghrelin levels (1717.0 ± 166.9 and 1656.5 ± 103.8 pg/ml), although Δ height and Δ weight SDS in preterm SGA were significantly higher than in preterm AGA children (P<0.001). Ghrelin levels in both preterm groups were higher than term SGA (469.2 ± 132.5pg/ml) and term AGA children (659.6 ± 143.3 pg/ml; P<0.001 for all). Δ Height and Δ weight SDS of the term SGA children were similar to that of preterm SGA children. Ghrelin did not have correlation with CUG but had inverse correlation with recent anthropometric indices. Insulin was significantly higher in term SGA children than other groups (P<0.001). Conclusions: Preterm children have higher ghrelin levels at prepubertal ages regardless of the magnitude of their CUG. Term SGA children, on the other hand, behave differently and have lower ghrelin levels than preterm children at prepubertal ages, which may be related to elevated insulin levels in this group. © 2008 European Society of Endocrinology. ER  - 
Frequency of risk factors in breast cancer; Background: One in eight women has risk to developing breast cancer in long life (12.2%) one out of each 28 is in risk of death by this disease. The most recognized risk factors are hormonals, genetics and environmentals. Objective: To identify the frequency of risk factors for breast cancer patients. Patients and methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted in the Ambulatory Care Medical Unit 231, IMSS, in the medical records of 272 breast cancer patients in order to identify the major risk factors. Results: 272 patients were studied, out of which 63 (23.1%) had no risk factor; 174 (64%) had 1 to 2 factors, 35 (12.9%) had 3 to 4 factors. The most common age group was 50-59 years. 80 women were menopausal, 28 (35%) had > 54 years, obesity was present in 35% of postmenopausal patients; with 29.8% of smokers, 16.9% had pregnancies long term > 30 years old. 14.3% were diabetics prior to breast cancer, and 12.2% had used exogenous hormones for > 5 years, 10.7% had experienced menarche < 11 years. Family background in first degree was 6.6% and for another cancer 32.4%. The detection by self examination was 91.5% and 1.1% by mastography. Conclusions: The most frequent risk factors included: overweight, obesity, smoking, exogenous hormones and pregnancy long term < 30 years. The method most frequently used for detection was self examination. ER  - 
Dose-dependent effect of growth hormone on final height in children with short stature without growth hormone deficiency; Context: The effect of GH therapy in short non-GH-deficient children, especially those with idiopathic short stature (ISS), has not been clearly established owing to the lack of controlled trials continuing until final height (FH). Objective: The aim of the study was to investigate the effect on growth to FH of two GH doses given to short children, mainly with ISS, compared with untreated controls. Design and Setting: Arandomized, controlled, long-term multicenter trial was conducted in Sweden. Intervention: Two doses of GH (Genotropin) were administered, 33 or 67 μg/kg·d; control subjects were untreated. Subjects: A total of 177 subjects with short stature were enrolled. Of these, 151 were included in the intent to treat (AllITT) population,and108 in the per protocol (AllPP) population. Analysis of ISS subjects included 126 children in the ITT (ISSITT) population and 68 subjects in the PP (ISSPP) population. Main Outcome Measures: We measured FH SD score (SDS), difference in SDS to midparenteral height (diff MPH SDS), and gain in heightSDS. Results: After 5.9 ± 1.1 yr on GH therapy, the FHSDS in the AllPP population treated with GH vs. controls was -1.5 ± 0.81 (33 μg/kg·d, -1.7 ± 0.70; and 67 μg/kg·d, -1.4 ± 0.86; P < 0.032), vs. -2.4 ± 0.85 (P < 0.001); the diff MPHSDS was -0.2 ± 1.0 vs. -1.0 ± 0.74 (P < 0.001); and the gain in heightSDS was 1.3 ± 0.78 vs. 0.2 ± 0.69 (P < 0.001). GH therapy was safe and had no impact on time to onset of puberty. A dose-response relationship identified after 1 yr remained to FH for all growth outcome variables in all four populations. Conclusion: GH treatment significantly increased FH in ISS children in a dose-dependent manner, with a mean gain of 1.3 SDS (8 cm) and a broad range of response from no gain to 3 SDS compared to a mean gain of 0.2 SDS in the untreated controls. Copyright © 2008 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Fetuin-A and its relation to metabolic syndrome and fatty liver disease in obese children before and after weight loss; Context: There are very limited data available concerning the relationships between fetuin-A, weight status, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), and features of the metabolic syndrome (MetS) in obese humans, and especially in children. Objective: Our objective was to study the longitudinal relationships between fetuin-A, NAFLD, and MetS in obese children. Design: This was a 1-yr longitudinal follow-up study. Setting: This study was performed in primary care. Patients: A total of 36 obese and 14 lean children was included in the study. Intervention: An outpatient 1-yr intervention program based on exercise, behavior, and nutrition therapy was performed. Main Outcome Measures: Changes of weight status (SD score-body mass index), waist circumference, fetuin-A, blood pressure, lipids, transaminases, insulin resistance index homeostasis model assessment (HOMA), and prevalence of NAFLD (defined by liver ultrasound) were calculated. Results: The 12 obese children with NAFLD had significantly higher fetuin-A levels (0.35 ± 0.07 g/liter) than the 24 obese children without NAFLD (0.29 ± 0.06 g/liter) and the 14 normal weight children (0.29 ± 0.05 g/liter). Fetuin-A levels were independent of age, pubertal stage, and gender. Fetuin-A correlated significantly to systolic (r = 0.50) and diastolic blood pressure (r = 0.41), insulin resistance index HOMA (r = 0.28), and high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (r = -0.31). Changes of fetuin-A correlated significantly to changes of insulin resistance index HOMA (r = 0.34), systolic (r = 0.31) and diastolic blood pressure (r = 0.37), and waist circumferences (r = 0.36). Substantial weight loss in 21 children led to a significant decrease of fetuin-A and the prevalence of NAFLD in contrast to the 15 children without substantial weight loss. Conclusions: Fetuin-A levels were higher in children with NAFLD, and were related to insulin resistance and to features of the MetS in both cross-sectional and longitudinal analyses. Therefore, fetuin-A might be a new promising link between obesity and its comorbidities. Copyright © 2008 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Menarche in type 1 diabetes is still delayed despite good metabolic control; Objective: To analyze the age at menarche of girls with type 1 diabetes (T1D) who were diagnosed with the disease before puberty and compare it with that of an age-matched group of normal girls. Previous studies on the appearance of menarche showed that the mean age of onset of menarche is delayed in girls affected by T1D compared with normal girls. Design: Case-control study. Setting: Patients and controls in an academic research environment. Patient(s): We studied, retrospectively, the charts of 162 consecutive girls with T1D born in a geographically defined region between 1984 and 1994 with a mean disease duration of 3-5 years, all of whom were on intensive insulin therapy since diagnosis of T1D. The control group consisted of 214 normal girls born between 1984 and 1994, who agreed to fill in an anonymous questionnaire regarding age at menarche and other clinical information. Intervention(s): There was no intervention per se in the study. Age at menarche appears as a dependent variable of body mass index (BMI), HbA1c, and so on. Main Outcome Measure(s): BMI, HbA1c, and duration of T1D at menarche were considered among the potential factors affecting the age of menarche. Result(s): Age at menarche in girls with T1D was significantly delayed compared with control girls (12.6 ± 1.5 years vs. 12.25 ± 1.4 years, respectively). HbA1c levels and BMI did not influence the age at menarche. Conclusion(s): Despite intensive insulin therapy and good metabolic control since diagnosis of T1D, the age at menarche is still delayed in girls who develop T1D before puberty. © 2008 American Society for Reproductive Medicine. ER  - 
Insulin Resistance and Parental Obesity as Predictors to Response to Therapeutic Life Style Change in Obese Children and Adolescents 10-18 Years Old; Objective: To study insulin resistance and parental obesity as predictors of improvement in weight status in obese children and adolescents undergoing therapeutic life change intervention (TLC). Design: A retrospective chart review. Subjects: One hundred thirty-four adolescents 10 to 18 years old above the 95th percentile for body mass index (BMI), referred to the Center for Atherosclerosis Prevention from January through December 2003. Measurements: BMI, fasting insulin, homeostasis model assessment insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). Weight management success was defined as BMI Z-score at final exam minus BMI Z-score at initial exam ≤0. Ninety-nine were successful (group S) (reduced or maintained BMI Z-score) and 35 were not successful (NotS) (increased BMI Z-score). Results: At baseline there were no differences between the groups in mean age, Tanner stage, gender, severity of obesity, lipid, and blood pressure levels. Insulin resistance was significantly higher in the NotS group compared to the S group as reflected by higher basal fasting insulin levels (21.8 ± 12.3 vs. 15.8 ± 9.0, p = .02), higher HOMA-IR (4.5 ± 2.6 vs. 3.3 ± 2.0, p = .02). After adjustment for age, gender, elevated blood pressure, abnormal lipid profile, baseline BMI Z-score, length of follow-up, and parental morbidity, an increase of 10 units of insulin resulted in a 3.13-fold (95% confidence interval [CI] 1.79-6.01) increased odds of failure. An increase in 1 unit of HOMA-IR resulted in 1.64-fold odds (95% CI 1.27-2.21) of failure. In the same multivariate logistic regression model the existence of obesity-associated morbidity in both parents was associated with 12.6-fold (95% CI 1.93-82.6) increased odds of failure. Conclusions: Failing to respond to standard therapeutic lifestyle change intervention was dependent on baseline insulin resistance, and parental obesity-related comorbidity. © 2008 Society for Adolescent Medicine. ER  - 
Uniformity in clinical and HLA-DR status regardless of age and gender within fulminant type 1 diabetes; To clarify the detailed clinical features and HLA subtype in the patients with fulminant type 1 diabetes, we investigated consecutive 250 case records registered to the committee of the Japan Diabetes Society between 2000/7/15 and 2006/6/30. After the classification with age at onset or gender, clinical data and HLA DR were evaluated. As a result, the prevalence of male patients, BMI, HbA1c and ALT levels at the onset increased significantly according to the elder quartile, but no other data showed any significant difference. Only age at onset and blood glucose level were significantly higher in male patients than in female patients without pregnancy by multivariate analysis. The distribution of HLA DR was not different in any subtype by gender or age at onset. Our present study revealed common feature in clinical and HLA-DR status regardless of age and gender within fulminant type 1 diabetes except pregnant women. © 2008 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Birth weight and body composition in overweight Latino youth: A longitudinal analysis; To examine the associations between birth weight and BMI, and total body composition, in overweight Latino adolescents. Two hundred and forty-two overweight Latino children (baseline age = 11.1 ± 1.7 years; BMI ≥ 85th percentile) were measured annually for up to 6 years (2.6 ± 1.4 observations/child, total 848 visits). Birth weight and history of gestational diabetes were obtained by parental interview. Visceral fat and subcutaneous abdominal fat were assessed by magnetic resonance imaging, while total body fat, total lean tissue mass (LTM), trunk fat, and lean tissue trunk mass were measured by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry. BMI and BMI percentile were calculated using the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention age appropriate cutoffs. Longitudinal linear mixed effects (LME) modeling was used to evaluate the influence of birth weight on subsequent changes in body composition and distribution of fat across puberty. Birth weight significantly predicted BMI (P < 0.001), total trunk fat (P < 0.001), total trunk LTM (P < 0.001), total fat mass (FM) (P < 0.001), and total LTM (P < 0.001), but not subcutaneous (P = 0.534) or visceral fat (P = 0.593) at age 11 years. Longitudinally, as participants transitioned into puberty, birth weight did not significantly predict any of the body composition or fat distribution measures (P > 0.05). Birth weight is significantly associated with increased adiposity and LTM and negatively associated with trunk fat mass and trunk lean mass at baseline; however these relationships did not predict rate of change of any of the variables as the children progress through adolescence. © 2008 The Obesity Society. ER  - 
Cerebellar leukoencephalopathy: Most likely histiocytosis-related; Background: Histiocytosis, both Langerhans and non-Langerhans cell type, can be associated with cerebellar white matter abnormalities, thought to be paraneoplastic. The associated clinical picture consists of ataxia, spasticity, and cognitive decline. Hormonal dysfunction is frequent. MRI shows cerebellar white matter abnormalities, as well as brainstem and basal ganglia abnormalities. This so-called "neurodegenerative syndromeg" may occur years before or during manifest histiocytosis and also years after cure. We discovered similar MRI abnormalities in 13 patients and wondered whether they could have the same syndrome. Methods: We reviewed the clinical and laboratory information of these 13 patients and evaluated their brain MRIs. Seven patients underwent spinal cord MRI. Results: All patients were isolated cases; 10 were male. They had signs of cerebellar and pyramidal dysfunction, behavioral problems, and cognitive decline. MRI showed abnormalities of the cerebellar white matter, brainstem, basal ganglia, and, to a lesser extent, cerebral white matter. Three patients had spinal cord lesions. Three patients had laboratory evidence of hormonal dysfunction. No evidence was found of an underlying metabolic defect. In two patients biopsy of nodular brain lesions revealed histiocytic infiltrates. Conclusions: Considering the striking clinical and MRI similarities between our patients and the patients with this neurodegenerative syndrome in the context of proven histiocytosis, it is likely that they share the same paraneoplastic syndrome, although we cannot exclude a genetic disorder with certainty. The fact that we found histiocytic lesions in two patients substantiates our conclusion. Patients with cerebellar white matter abnormalities should be monitored for histiocytosis. © 2008 by AAN Enterprises, Inc. ER  - 
Inflammatory cytokines in juvenile idiopathic arthritis: Effects on physical growth and the insulin-like-growth factor axis; Objective: To investigate the relationship between markers of inflammation with physical growth and systemic markers of GH secretion in JIA. Design: This is a cross sectional prospective study of patients with JIA recruited during therapeutic arthrocentesis of 17 children with JIA (F, 10): 8 oligoarticular (OJIA) and 9 polyarticular (PJIA). Results: Median adjusted height (AHt) SDS was -0.3 (-2.2 to 1.6). Serum ALS SDS (median -1.3, range -2.7 to -0.6) was reduced compared with serum IGFBP-3 SDS (median -0.5, range -7.7 to 2.3) and IGF-1 SDS (median -0.2, range -0.5 to 0.5). Log serum IL5 (95% CI -3.25, -0.81) and log serum IL15 (95% CI -9.58, -4.10) were independent factors associated with AHt SDS. Inflammatory cytokines individually showed no association with IGF-1, IGFBP-1, -2, -3 and ALS. Conclusion: Children with JIA and mild degree of growth retardation show decreased ALS and IGFBP-3. Cytokines did not show an association to systemic markers of GH secretion. However, this study reports the novel, preliminary association between serum levels of IL5 and IL15 and the extent of short stature. © 2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Change in leptin, body composition and other hormones around menarche - A visual representation; Aim: To present a visual representation of changes in body composition, leptin, insulin, estradiol and follicular stimulating hormone (FSH) levels in relation to menarche in girls. Methods: Participants were a subset of healthy girls (n = 108) enrolled in a longitudinal study of growth and development conducted at the General Clinical Research Center at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT). Participants were seen annually from before menarche until 4 years postmenarche for measures of body composition and serum levels of leptin, insulin, estradiol and FSH. Body composition was determined by bioelectrical impedance. Standardized body composition and hormone levels were smoothed and plotted relative to menarche to visualize patterns of change. Results: At menarche, the mean percentage body fat (%BF) of girls was 24.6% (SD = 4.1%) after menarche %BF was ∼27%. Leptin levels averaged 8.4 ng/mL (SD = 4.6) at menarche and were ∼12 ng/mL after menarche. Changes in leptin levels closely paralleled changes in %BF. Insulin, estradiol and FSH levels followed expected patterns relative to menarche. Leptin began rising closer to menarche than did insulin or the other sex hormones. Conclusion: We provide a visual presentation of hormonal and body composition changes occurring throughout the pubertal period in girls which may be useful in generating new hypotheses related to the timing of menarche. © 2008 The Author(s). ER  - 
The increase of fatty acid-binding protein aP2 in overweight and obese children: Interactions with dietary fat and impact on measures of subclinical inflammation; Background: In adults, circulating aP2 may link obesity, inflammation and the metabolic syndrome, but there are few data in children. Experimental models support that dietary factors, particularly dietary fat, may be major determinants of phenotype. Objective: The aim of this study was to investigate, in normal, overweight and obese children, the relationships among aP2, the metabolic syndrome, inflammation and diet. Design: This was a cross-sectional study conducted in Northern Switzerland. Subjects: Subjects for this study were 6- to 14-year-old, prepubertal and early pubertal, normal weight, overweight and obese children (n=124). Main outcome measures: Body mass index (BMI), body fat percent, waist-to-hip ratio, blood pressure, circulating aP2, fasting insulin, C-reactive protein (CRP), plasma lipids and dietary intakes of macro- and micronutrients were determined. Results: Circulating aP2 markedly increased with increasing central and total adiposity, and predicted measures of insulin resistance. Independent of BMI standard deviation scores and puberty, aP2 correlated with intake of the antioxidant vitamins A, C and E as well as circulating concentrations of CRP, leptin and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol. Children with lower aP2 concentrations consuming high-fat diets did not show an increase in fasting insulin or CRP, whereas those with higher aP2 concentrations showed marked increases in these measures with high intakes of fat or saturated fat. Conclusions: Increased central and overall adiposity in children are associated with higher circulating aP2 concentrations. In children with high dietary intakes of total fat and saturated fat, but not those with low intakes, higher aP2 concentrations are associated with measures of insulin resistance and inflammation. © 2008 Macmillan Publishers Limited All rights reserved. ER  - 
Adiponectin and leptin are independently associated with insulin sensitivity, but not with insulin secretion or beta-cell function in overweight hispanic adolescents; The aim of the study was to investigate the independent effects of leptin and adiponectin on insulin sensitivity as well as insulin secretion and beta-cell function in overweight Hispanic adolescents. Despite pubertal changes in hormone secretion, studies investigating the independent effect of both hormones on insulin sensitivity and beta-cell function in adolescents are lacking. In a cross-sectional study, 175 overweight Hispanic adolescent boys (n = 101) and girls (n = 74) with a family history of diabetes were recruited and insulin sensitivity (SI), acute insulin response to glucose (AIR), disposition index (DI), body composition, total serum adiponectin, and leptin were assessed. Over age, leptin significantly increased in girls but not in boys (p for age x gender interaction = 0.005) while adiponectin was similar in boys and girls. Leptin was not correlated to adiponectin. Leptin (partial r = -0.180; p = 0.019) and adiponectin (partial r = 0.230; p = 0.003) predicted SI independent of age, gender, body fat, lean body mass, and Tanner stage but together, they explained 5% of the unique variation in SI (p for R2-change < 0.001). Leptin or adiponectin were not related to AIR or DI. With regard to SI, AIR, and DI, no significant gender, age, or Tanner stage interactions were observed suggesting similar effects of adiponectin and leptin among gender, age, and Tanner stages. Leptin and adiponectin were independently associated with SI, but not with insulin secretion or beta-cell function. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart. ER  - 
TCF7L2 polymorphism rs7903146 and predisposition for type 2 diabetes mellitus in obese children; Polymorphism rs7903146 in transcription factor 7-like2 gene (TCF7L2) is associated with type 2-diabetes mellitus (T2DM) in adults. Concerned with predisposition for diabetes mellitus in obese children, we tested if risk genotypes TC and TT of rs7903146 are more common in obese children with increased homeostasis model assessment insulin resistance index (HOMA-IR) compared to obese controls with normal HOMA-IR. As exploratory analysis, we also calculated beta-cell function for these risk genotypes and measured glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1) in a subgroup. The cohort was 401 obese children (BMI > 2SDS; 211 female; 59% presenting increased HOMA-IR) from two German outpatient obesity referral centers. Genotype distributions in patients presenting increased HOMA-IR (TT: 10.18%, CT: 35.65%, CC: 54.17%) and in patients with normal HOMA-IR (TT: 8.66%, CT: 42.67%, CC: 48.67%) provided no significant effect of these two risk genotypes (p>0.2). Correction for possible confounder's gender, age, pubertal stage, and BMI revealed no association with glucose metabolism parameters including GLP-1. However, exploratory HOMA-B % index was comparatively higher in TT-homozygotes (p = 0.021) as compared to CC-homozygotes. We conclude that even though TT and CT genotypes were not higher in patients presenting elevated HOMA-IR, the higher HOMA-B% index in TT-homozygotes indicates TCF7L2 to be a susceptibility gene for the development of impaired glucose tolerance in obese children as demonstrated in several adult cohort studies. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart. ER  - 
Hypogonadism, diabetes mellitus, hypothyroidism, hypoparathyroidism: Incidence and prevalence related to iron overload and chelation therapy in patients with thalassaemia major followed from 1980 to 2007 in the Ferrara centre; 273 patients with thalassaemia major followed from diagnosis in the Ferrara Centre were divided into 3 cohorts (C) according to the year of birth (C1= 1954-1964, 85 patients; C2=1965-1974, 129 patients; C3=1975-2001, 59 patients) in order to study the trends of endocrine complications. Menarche occurred in 52 out of 112 patients (46%), without significant differences among the 3 groups, at the mean age of 13.9±1.4 years. Sixty-five percent of these patients had secondary amenorrhoea at the mean age of 18.8 ±3.7 years. In males complete pubertal development occurred in 48% of patients (C1: 31%, C2: 44%, C3: 63%, p<0.05) followed by secondary hypogonadism in 24% of patients above 21 years of age. Primary (80%) and central (20%) hypothyroidism were diagnosed in 31% of patients (C1: 55%, C2: 31.5%, C3: 13.4%, p<0.05), diabetes mellitus (DM) in 17% of patients (C1: 28.6%, C2: 17.2%, C3: 3.4%, p< 0.05), and hypoparathyroidism in 10.6% of cases (C1: 18.7%, C2: 10.1%, C3: 3.4%, p<0.05). No difference was found in patient mean age at diagnosis of hypothyroidism, DM or hypoparathyroidism (20.4±8.2 yrs, 19±5 yrs and 18.5±5.8 yrs respectively) but in all three groups age at diagnosis significantly increased over time (hypothyroidism and DM: p<0.001; hypoparathyroidism: p<0.01). Over time the prevalence of hypothyroidism, diabetes mellitus and hypoparathyroidism increased to 24.4%, 14.7%, and 6.7%, respectively, at the time of the study. Incidences peaked in the early 1980's, and declined in the following years (primary hypothyroidism from 6.5% in 1981 to 0.9% in 2007, p<0.01; DM from 3.9% in 1986 to 0.8% in 2007, p<0.05; hypoparathyroidism 2.4% in 1984 to 0% in 2007, p <0.01) and correlated with the decrease in annual mean serum ferritin levels in all patients (P<0.001). The main risk factors associated with endocrine complications were high serum ferritin levels, poor compliance with desferioxamine (DFO) therapy, early onset of transfusion therapy (only for hypogonadism) and splenectomy (only for hypothyroidism). Serum ferritin levels of approximately 2000 ng/ml were found to correlate with hypogonadism, and 3000 ng/ml for hypothyroidism, hyporathyroidism and DM. The incidences of hypothyroidism, DM and hypoparathyroidism were not significantly different in 18 patients on long term treatment with deferiprone (DPO) compared with 64 patients continuously treated with DFO, from 1995 to 2007. In conclusion, our longitudinal study shows that in the last 30 years in the Ferrara Centre the incidences of hypothyroidism, diabetes mellitus, and hypoparathyroidism declined, and pubertal development in males with thalassemia major improved in patients, on DFO treatment, born after 1976. The efficacy of alternative chelation regimes with deferiprone or deferasirox to monotherapy with desferioxamine remains to be established. ER  - 
Prevalence of the metabolic syndrome among a racially/ethnically diverse group of U.S. eighth-grade adolescents and associations with fasting insulin and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance levels; The purpose of this study was to report the prevalence of the International Diabetes Federation (IDF)-defined metabolic syndrome and its components among a cross-sectional sample of racially/ethnically diverse eighth grade youths and examine the association between the presence of the syndrome and participant fasting insulin and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) levels. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - Data were from a cross-sectional study with 1,453 racially/ethnically diverse eighth grade students from 12 middle schools in three U.S. states (Texas, North Carolina, and California). Height, weight, waist circumference, and blood pressure were recorded. Fasting blood samples were analyzed for triglycerides, HDL cholesterol, glucose, and insulin; HOMA-IR was calculated. Sex, race/ethnicity, and pubertal stage were self-reported. IDF criteria were used to determine the prevalence of the metabolic syndrome. The odds ratio for being classified with the syndrome was calculated by quintiles of fasting insulin and HOMA-IR. RESULTS- Of the sample, 138 students (9.5%) were classified with metabolic syndrome. Hispanics were more likely to have high abdominal adiposity and high triglycerides. Male adolescents were more likely to have high triglycerides, low HDL cholesterol, high blood pressure, and high fasting glucose. Participants in the highest insulin quintile were almost 200 times more likely to be classified with the syndrome than participants in the lowest quintile with comparable associations for HOMA-IR quintiles. CONCLUSIONS- In a racially/ethnically diverse sample of U.S. adolescents, 9.5% of participants were identified with the metabolic syndrome using the IDF criteria. The likelihood of metabolic syndrome classification significantly increased with higher insulin and HOMA-IR values. © 2008 by the American Diabetes Association. ER  - 
Self-assessment of sexual maturation in children and adolescents with diabetes mellitus; Objective: To evaluate the reliability of a self-assessment tool as a surrogate means for estimating phase of sexual maturation in children and adolescents with diabetes mellitus. Methods: Children and adolescents between 8 and 16 years of age with the diagnosis of type 1 or type 2 diabetes mellitus were recruited from the pediatric endocrinology clinic at a children's hospital. Participants were given a series of gender-appropriate drawings representing the 5 Tanner stages of sexual maturation for genital development in boys and breast and genital development in girls and asked to select the illustration that best represented their current maturity stage. The self-assessments were compared with physical examination findings by pediatric endocrinologists. Demographic and clinical data including age, race, hemoglobin A1c level, type of diabetes, and body mass index were also collected. Agreement rates between participants and physician assessment were compared. A level of agreement greater than 80% and a κ coefficient greater than 0.61 were considered substantial. Results: Eighty-seven children and adolescents completed the study. Agreement rates for girls were greater than 80%. Agreement rates for boys were 76%. All κ coefficients for boys and girls were greater than 0.61, corresponding to good agreement. However, peripubertal participants overestimated their sexual maturity rating almost half the time. The role of age, metabolic control (as measured by hemoglobin A1c), race, type of diabetes, and body mass index did not influence a participant's ability to accurately assess sexual maturity. Conclusion: While useful in mid- to late-pubertal youth with diabetes, this self-assessment tool does not appear to be helpful in identifying the early stages of puberty. © 2008 AACE. ER  - 
Metabolic traits affecting growth rates of pre-pubertal calves and their relationship with subsequent survival; This study related growth and metabolic traits in Holstein-Friesian calves (n = 45) to subsequent performance and longevity. Animals were measured at birth, 3, 6 and 9 months (weight, crown rump length (CRL), heart girth and height). Endocrine and metabolic traits were assessed at 6 months of age. These traits were not influenced by sire (n = 5). Milk production and mortality records were obtained through 3 lactations. Seven heifers failed to achieve a lactation, 6 were culled after one, 17 after two and 15 (33%) survived ≥3 lactations. Birth weight and girth but not skeletal measures were highly positively correlated with the repeated size measurements at 3-9 months. Calves with higher cortisol at 6 months were smaller in weight and girth at 3 months, with reduced 3-6 months skeletal growth. GH secretion was related to height, weight and growth, whereas urea was most strongly related to CRL. Calves not achieving a single lactation had lower IGF-I. Calves with higher glucose or BHB were more likely to be culled after 2 lactations, an effect which was independent of yield. Size and metabolic measurements of growing calves may therefore prove useful in predicting longevity. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Deficits in Bone Mineral Content in Children and Adolescents With Cystic Fibrosis Are Related to Height Deficits; Despite reports of decreased bone density, children with mild to moderate cystic fibrosis (CF)-associated pulmonary disease do not have increased fracture rates. Short stature and delayed puberty complicate interpretations of bone mineral status in many children with chronic diseases. This study sought to characterize bone mineral content (BMC) in children with CF and determine its relationship to growth, body composition, and disease severity. Dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry measurements of whole body BMC (WB-BMC), spine BMC (Sp-BMC), and lean body mass (LBM) were converted to Z-scores in 82 CF and 322 healthy children. Effects of growth, body composition, and CF-disease characteristics on BMC were determined using linear regression. Children with CF had lower weight, height (HT), BMI, and LBM-Z. Females with CF had lower (p < 0.001) WB-BMC-Z (-1.1 ± 1.1) and Sp-BMC-Z (-0.9 ± 1.1) than controls. Following adjustment for height standard deviation score (HT-Z), deficits were absent. Males with CF had lower (p < 0.001) WB-BMC-Z (-1.3 ± 0.9) and Sp-BMC-Z (-0.9 ± 1.3). Following adjustment for HT-Z, WB-BMC-Z deficits were attenuated and Sp-BMC-Z deficits absent. HT-Z, LBM-Z, and pulmonary function had independent effects on WB-BMC-Z and Sp-BMC-Z. BMC deficits are related to altered body size, reduced LBM, and pulmonary function in children with CF. Interventions targeting improved growth, muscle mass, and pulmonary function may benefit bone health in CF. © 2008 The International Society for Clinical Densitometry. ER  - 
Evidence for an influence of TCF7L2 polymorphism rs7903146 on insulin resistance and sensitivity indices in overweight children and adolescents during a lifestyle intervention; Objective: The T allele of the single-nucleotide polymorphism rs7903146 in TCF7L2 (transcription factor 7 like 2 gene) is associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus. The aim of this study was to analyze whether there is an allele-dosage effect on changes of insulin resistance and sensitivity indices in overweight children participating in a lifestyle intervention. Methods: We genotyped rs7903146 in 236 overweight children (mean age 10.7 years, mean body mass index (BMI) 28.1 kg/m2) completing a 1-year lifestyle intervention. Degree of overweight as BMI-SDS, homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and the insulin sensitivity index QUICKI were measured before and after intervention. Results: Lifestyle intervention resulted in an overweight reduction of -0.29±0.02 BMI-SDS. HOMA-IR (-0.63±0.22) and QUICKI (+0.008±0.003) indices improved significantly (P<0.05) in the course of the intervention in the 155 children with a decrease of BMI-SDS. There was an additive negative effect of T allele on changes of HOMA-IR (P=0.041) and QUICKI (P=0.001) in linear regression analyses adjusted to changes of weight status, age, gender and pubertal stage. Conclusion: Overweight children showed a negative dosage-allele effect per T allele at single-nucleotide polymorphism rs7903146 in TCF7L2 concerning an improvement of insulin resistance and sensitivity after overweight reduction in a lifestyle intervention. This finding further suggests that this polymorphism might be involved in glucose metabolism. © 2008 Macmillan Publishers Limited All rights reserved. ER  - 
Childhood body mass index (BMI), breastfeeding and risk of type 1 diabetes: Findings from a longitudinal national birth cohort; Aims: To perform a longitudinal analysis of the association between childhood body mass index (BMI) and later risk of Type 1 diabetes, controlling for socio-economic status, birthweight, height in early and late childhood, breastfeeding history and pubertal status. Methods: Analysis of the 1970 British Birth Cohort, followed up at age 5, 10 and 30 years (n = 11 261). Data were available on birthweight, breastfeeding; height, weight, pubertal status, socio-economic status at age 10 years; self-report data on history of diabetes (type, age at onset) at age 30 years. Cox proportional hazards models were used to examine relations of childhood growth, socio-economic status and breastfeeding history to the incidence of Type 1 diabetes between 10 and 30 years of age. Results: Sixty-one subjects (0.5%) reported Type 1 diabetes at 30 years of age; 47 (77%) reported onset ≥ age 10 years. Higher BMI z-score at 10 years predicted higher risk of subsequent Type 1 diabetes (hazard ratio 1.8, 95% confidence interval 1.2 to 2.8, P = 0.01) when adjusted for birthweight, pubertal status, breastfeeding history and socio-economic status. Repeating the model for childhood obesity, the hazard ratio was 3.1 (1.0, 9.3; P = 0.05). Birthweight, breastfeeding, height growth and pubertal timing were not associated with incidence of Type 1 diabetes. Conclusions: Higher BMI in childhood independently increased the risk of later Type 1 diabetes, supporting suggestions that obesity may provide a link between Type 1 and Type 2 diabetes. This supports observations of a rise in Type 1 diabetes prevalence. Reduction in childhood obesity may reduce the incidence of Type 1 as well as Type 2 diabetes. © 2008 The Authors. ER  - 
Combined association of maternal and paternal family history of diabetes with plasma leptin and adiponectin in overweight Hispanic children; Aims: To investigate the importance of a maternal and paternal family history of Type 2 diabetes and their combined association with plasma leptin and adiponectin levels in overweight Latino children with a family history of Type 2 diabetes (T2DM). Methods: This cross-sectional study investigated the combined association of a maternal and paternal family history of T2DM with leptin and adiponectin in 175 overweight Latino children (age 11.1 ± 1.7 years). All subjects had a family history of T2DM. Plasma adiponectin and leptin levels, body fat measured by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry, Tanner stage, age and insulin sensitivity were assessed. Results: After adjustment for age, gestational diabetes, insulin sensitivity and body fat, a combined maternal and paternal family history of T2DM was associated with higher leptin concentrations (P = 0.004) compared with a maternal or paternal family history alone. This association was most pronounced at Tanner stage 1 (P for interaction family history × tanner stage = 0.022). The presence of a combined maternal and paternal family history of T2DM accounted for 4% (P = 0.003) of the variation in leptin concentrations. No such combined association was observed for adiponectin levels. Conclusions: Maternal and paternal family history of T2DM may have an additive impact on leptin, but not on adiponectin levels independent of adiposity and insulin sensitivity in overweight Latino children. This may contribute to a further clinically relevant deterioration of metabolic health in this population. © 2008 The Authors. ER  - 
Benefits of a bolus calculator in pre- and postprandial glycaemic control and meal flexibility of paediatric patients using continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion (CSII); Aims: To assess the efficacy in pre- and postprandial glycaemic control and the impact on treatment satisfaction of a bolus calculator (Bolus Wizard) incorporated into the insulin pump in Type 1 diabetic (T1D) paediatric patients using continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion (CSII) treatment at various stages of pubertal development. Methods: Thirty-six T1D patients on CSII treatment (19 males; mean age 13.9 ± 3.5 years; range 4.9-17.8 years), were prospectively enrolled into this two-period crossover study. Eighteen patients were randomized to begin phase A using the Bolus Wizard, followed by phase B, using their current conventional insulin dosing method to determine pre-meal boluses. The remaining subjects were randomized to begin with phase B followed by phase A. Each study period lasted 2 weeks. A questionnaire assessing treatment satisfaction with the Bolus Wizard was compiled. Results: There was a significant reduction in blood glucose levels before and 2 h after meals and in the number of correction boluses during phase A with respect to phase B of the study. The lower frequency of hypoglycaemic events during phase A did not reach statistical significance. There were no differences between the two phases: insulin requirement, daily bolus rate (%) and meal bolus quantity. Conclusions: When paediatric patients used CSII, the bolus insulin dose calculated using the Bolus Wizard was more effective in improving pre- and postprandial glycaemic control with fewer correction boluses, without differences in the prandial insulin requirements and without restriction in the carbohydrate content of meals. The use of the Bolus Wizard was easy and was associated with a high level of satisfaction in these patients. © 2008 The Authors. ER  - 
Pituitary and testicular function in sons of women with polycystic ovary syndrome from infancy to adulthood; Context: An important proportion of male members of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) families exhibit insulin resistance and related metabolic defects. However, the reproductive phenotypes in first-degree male relatives of PCOS women have been described less often. Objective: The objective of the study was to evaluate the pituitary-testicular function in sons of women with PCOS during different stages of life: early infancy, childhood, and adulthood. Design: Eighty sons of women with PCOS (PCOSS) and 56 sons of control women without hyperandrogenism (CS), matched for age, were studied. In all subjects, the pituitary-gonadal axis was evaluated by a GnRH agonist test (leuprolide acetate, 10 μg/kg sc). Serum anti-Müllerian hormone (AMH) and inhibin B were used as Sertoli cell markers. Serum concentrations of gonadotropins, steroid hormones, and SHBG were also determined. A semen analysis was performed. Results: Basal concentrations of gonadotropins, sex steroids, and inhibin B were comparable between PCOSs and CS during early infancy, childhood, and adulthood. Similar results in stimulated gonadotropin and sex steroid concentrations were observed. However, AMH serum concentrations were higher in PCOSs compared with CS during early infancy [925.0 (457.3-1401.7) vs. 685.6 (417.9-1313.2) pmol/liter, P = 0.039] and childhood [616.3 (304.6-1136.9) vs. 416.5 (206.7- 801.2) pmol/ liter, P = 0.007). Sperm-count analysis was similar between both groups. Conclusions: AMH concentrations are increased in prepubertal sons of women with PCOS, suggesting that these boys may show an increased Sertoli cell number or function during infancy and childhood. However, this does not seem to have a major deleterious effect on sperm production. Copyright © 2008 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Catch-up growth in body mass index is associated neither with reduced insulin sensitivity nor with altered lipid profile in children born small for gestational age; Objective: Low birth weight is a risk factor for coronary heart disease. Persons who have coronary events as adults tend to have been small at birth and thin at 2 yr of age, after which they tended to increase their body mass index (BMI). Our aim was to determine whether BMI gain is associated to alterations in insulin sensitivity and/or lipid profile in children born small for gestational age (SGA). Design: Retrospective case-control study. Methods: We studied 78 children (mean age 7.8±2.5 yr): 26 SGA children with catch-up growth in BMI (CGB-SGA) (BMI= 10th to 75th centile), 26 SGA without catch-up growth (NCGB-SGA) (BMI<10th centile), and 26 appropriate for gestational age (AGA) control children (BMI: 10th to 75th centile). For each CGB-SGA child, we selected an NCGB-SGA and an AGA child of the same gender, age (within 1 yr), and pubertal status. SGA children were also subdivided into 2 groups according to post-natal catch-up growth in height (CGH). Results: Glucose was significantly lower in NCGB-SGA than AGA group (p=0.02). No significant differences in fasting insulin, fasting glucose/ insulin ratio, homeostasis model assessment, quantitative insulin-sensitivity check index, and lipid profile were found among the 3 groups. HDL-cholesterol proved significantly reduced in SGA children with post-natal CGH (p=0.02). Conclusions: Our findings do not support the hypothesis of early alterations in insulin sensitivity and lipid metabolism in CGB-SGA subjects during childhood provided that BMI remains within the normal range. Finally, the finding of reduced HDL-cholesterol levels in CGH-SGA children suggests detrimental metabolic effects of the height gain. © 2008, Editrice Kurtis. ER  - 
Objectively measured physical activity and cardiovascular disease risk factors in African American girls; Objective: This study examines the associations between objectively measured physical activity and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors in preadolescent African American girls. Methods: We conducted a cross-sectional analysis of data from Stanford Girls Health Enrichment Multisite Studies (GEMS) trial. Physical activity was assessed for four days by using an ActiGraph accelerometer and was correlated with anthropometric measures, blood pressure, blood lipids, glucose, and insulin. Associations between physical activity and CVD risk factors were computed using by Spearman correlations. Bonferroni adjustment α=.003 was used to correct for multiple testing. Results: A total of 261 girls participated, of which 208 had complete CVD risk measures (mean age 9.4 years, mean body mass index 20.7 kg/m2). Average daily physical activity and time spent in moderate-to-vigorous physical activity (MVPA) were significantly correlated with body mass index (r=-.23, P=.0008 and r=-.29, P<.0001, respectively) and insulin (r=-.27, P=.0001 and r=-.30, P<.0001, respectively) but not to other CVD factors. After adjusting for age-adjusted pubertal stage of development, the association between MVPA and insulin remained significant. Conclusions: Objective measures of both average daily physical activity and MVPA were inversely associated with body mass index and insulin levels in African American girls. ER  - 
The development of microalbuminuria is associated with raised longitudinal adiponectin levels in female but not male adolescent patients with type 1 diabetes; Aims/hypothesis: We determined the longitudinal relationship between adiponectin levels and the development of microalbuminuria in an inception cohort of children with type 1 diabetes. Methods: Blood samples collected annually over a median of 9.0 (range 1.3-14.9) years were assayed for adiponectin and HbA1c in 55 children (36 girls) with type 1 diabetes and microalbuminuria whose age of onset of diabetes was 9.4 years (range 2.2-15.4). Samples were also assayed from normoalbuminuric children (controls) matched for age, sex and duration of diabetes. Results: Overall, adiponectin levels were higher in girls than in boys, but only after 11 years of age (median [range]: 15.3 [5.8-124.4] vs 11.6 [4.1-26.5] mg/l, p<0.001). Furthermore, adiponectin levels were higher in girls with microalbuminuria than in control girls, but this was only apparent after the onset of microalbuminuria (p=0.001, adjusted for BMI, daily insulin dose, HbA1c and age). In boys, adiponectin levels did not differ between those with microalbuminuria and controls. Further sex-related discordant associations with adiponectin levels were observed; in girls, adiponectin levels were positively related to HbA 1c levels (r=0.2, p=0.05) and urine albumin excretion (r=0.3, p<0.05) and inversely related to BMI (r=-0.2, p<0.05). These associations were absent in boys. Conclusions/interpretation: In adolescent girls with type 1 diabetes but not in boys, adiponectin levels increase with increasing urine albumin excretion and onset of microalbuminuria. Although causal links cannot be inferred, this sexual dimorphism may reflect interactive effects of hyperglycaemia and sex steroids on risk of complications and adiponectin production. © 2008 Springer-Verlag. ER  - 
Baseline correlates of insulin resistance in inner city high-BMI African-American children; To characterize the influence of diet-, physical activity-, and self-esteem-related factors on insulin resistance in 8-10-year-old African-American (AA) children with BMI greater than the 85th percentile who were screened to participate in a community-based type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) prevention trial. In 165 subjects, fasting glucose- and insulin-derived values for homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) assessed insulin resistance. Body fatness was calculated following bioelectrical impedance analysis, and fitness was measured using laps from a 20-m shuttle run. Child questionnaires assessed physical activity, dietary habits, and self-esteem. Pubertal staging was assessed using serum levels of sex hormones. Parent questionnaires assessed family demographics, family health, and family food and physical activity habits. Girls had significantly higher percent body fat but similar anthropometric measures compared with boys, whereas boys spent more time in high-intensity activities than girls. Scores for self-perceived behavior were higher for girls than for boys; and girls desired a more slender body. Girls had significantly higher insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), compared with boys (P 0.01). Adjusting for age, sex, pubertal stage, socioeconomic index (SE index), and family history of diabetes, multivariate regression analysis showed that children with higher waist circumference (WC) (P 0.001) and lower Harter's scholastic competence (SC) scale (P 0.044) had higher insulin resistance. WC and selected self-esteem parameters predicted insulin resistance in high-BMI AA children. The risk of T2DM may be reduced in these children by targeting these factors. © 2008 The Obesity Society. ER  - 
Serum phospholipid and cholesteryl ester fatty acids and estimated desaturase activities are related to overweight and cardiovascular risk factors in adolescents; Aim/hypothesis: The objective of this study was to describe the relation of serum fatty acids and desaturase activity (DA) to overweight, insulin sensitivity and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors in adolescents. Methods: The relations of % serum phospholipid (PL) and cholesteryl ester (CE) fatty acids and estimated DA with CVD risk factors were examined in 264 adolescents (average age 15 years). Fatty acids were determined by gas liquid chromotography. Surrogate measures of DA were expressed as ratios of serum fatty acids: Δ9 DA=16:0/16:1; Δ6 DA=20:3,n6/18:2,n6 (PL) or 18:3,n6/18:2,n6 (CE); and Δ5 DA=20:4,n6/20:3,n6. Spearman partial correlations of fatty acids (%) and DA ratios with CVD risk factors were reported, adjusting for age, sex, race, Tanner stage, energy intake and physical activity. Results: Overweight adolescents compared to normal weight had more adverse levels of CVD risk factors, composition of PL and CE fatty acids in serum, and Δ6 DA and Δ5 DA ratios. Linoleic acid was inversely related to body mass index (BMI), waist circumference and triglycerides (P≤0.01). Dihomo-γ-linolenic acid was positively related to BMI, waist, insulin, and triglycerides, and inversely related to high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol levels (P≤0.01). Δ6 DA was adversely associated with most of the risk factors (P≤0.01), whereas triglycerides and fasting insulin were beneficially related to Δ5 DA (P≤0.01). Conclusion: These findings support those observed in adults, that factors, such as type of dietary fat, physical activity, and obesity, may influence fatty acid metabolism and are important in the development of adverse CVD risk factors as early as adolescence. © 2008 Macmillan Publishers Limited All rights reserved. ER  - 
Assessing skeletal maturity by using blood spot insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) testing; Introduction: Accurate determination of skeletal maturity and remaining growth is crucial to many orthodontic, orthognathic, and dental-implant timing decisions. Cervical vertebral stages and hand-wrist radiographs are currently used to identify peak mandibular bone growth. These are highly subjective techniques that not only involve radiographic exposure but also lack the ability to determine the intensity of the growth spurt and the end of growth. Insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) is a circulating growth hormone-dependent factor whose level correlates with sexual maturity; it is used to diagnose growth hormone deficiency and excess. We hypothesized that IGF-I levels would also correlate with cervical skeletal maturity and would be highest at the cervical stages that correspond to the greatest amount of facial growth. Methods: We measured mean blood spot IGF-I levels in a cross-sectional study of 83 patients (44 female, 39 male) on recall to begin orthodontic treatment, in active treatment, or in posttreatment follow-up. Results: Mean blood spot IGF-I levels were significantly higher in the late pubertal stages than in the prepubertal, early pubertal, and postpubertal stages. Linear correlation showed that IGF-I levels had a significant positive correlation with cervical skeletal maturity from the prepubertal to the late pubertal stages, and a significant negative correlation from the late pubertal to the postpubertal stages. In the postpubertal stage, IGF-I levels had a negative linear correlation with increasing time since the onset of puberty and with chronological age. Conclusions: Blood spot IGF-I could be used as a skeletal maturity indicator and might be useful in detecting residual mandibular growth in young adults. © 2008 American Association of Orthodontists. ER  - 
Age at diagnosis, gender, and metabolic control in children with type 1 diabetes; Ojective: To examine whether age at diagnosis and gender affect early metabolic control in children with type 1 diabetes. Design and methods: Data on age at diagnosis, gender, pubertal status, and metabolic control were gathered by a retrospective chart review of children diagnosed between 1992 and 2005. Mean hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) values were compared at five time points: at diagnosis and at 6, 12, 24, and 36 months after diagnosis. Results: At diagnosis, girls aged 6-12 years presented with significantly higher HbA1c levels than girls diagnosed at older or younger ages. Their HbA1c at diagnosis was also significantly higher than that in boys of the same age. There was no gender difference among children diagnosed at ages 0-5 or 13+ yr. At 6 months after diagnosis, only age at diagnosis was associated with metabolic control, with children diagnosed when older presenting with lower HbA1c levels. At 12, 24, and 36 months after diagnosis, there were no significant effects of age at diagnosis or gender on glycemic status. Conclusion: At initial diagnosis, girls in the 6-12 age group presentedwith higher HbA1c levels compared with boys and girls of other age groups. Although endocrine changes associated with puberty may partly explain the findings, more investigation to elucidate mechanisms accounting for the interaction of age and gender with glycemic status is needed. © 2008 The Authors Journal compilation © 2008 Blackwell Munksgaard. ER  - 
The impact of modifiable family factors on glycemic control among youth with type 1 diabetes; Objective: To identify modifiable family factors impacting glycemic control in youth with type 1 diabetes (T1DM) beyond the anticipated physical, developmental, and behavioral issues associated with adolescence. Study design: In 153 youth (aged 8-16yr) with T1DM duration of 6.3 ± 3.5yr and average hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) of 8.4 ± 1.4%, we examined modifiable family factors that might impact adherence to diabetes management and, in turn, influence glycemic control. Youth and parents completed surveys that assessed diabetes-specific knowledge, negative affect related to blood glucose monitoring (BGM), and parental-perceived burden of diabetes care. Clinician report and chart review provided data on growth, pubertal development, and diabetes management tasks. Glycemic control was measured as HbA1c. Results: In bivariate analyses, higher parental diabetes-specific knowledge (p < 0.0001), less youth negative affect related to BGM (p = 0.0005), and less parental-perceived burden (p = 0.0008) were associated with lower HbA1c. In a multivariate model controlling for demographic and diabetes-specific variables, these three factors remained independent and significant predictors of HbA1c (R2 = 0.31 and p < 0.0001). Higher parental knowledge, less youth negative affect, and less parental burden predicted lower HbA1c, while youth knowledge and parental negative affect did not. Conclusion: To attain optimal glycemic control, treatment programs for youth with T1DM should include ongoing efforts to reinforce parental knowledge of diabetes tasks, promote positive youth affect related to diabetes management, and acknowledge and reduce parental-perceived burden of diabetes management. © Journal compilation © 2008 Blackwell Munksgaard. ER  - 
Age-appropriate body mass index in children with achondroplasia: Interpretation in relation to indexes of height; Background: Achondroplasia is the most common short stature skeletal dysplasia, with an estimated worldwide prevalence of 250 000. Body mass index (BMI)-for-age references are required for weight management guidance for children with achondroplasia, whose body proportions are unlike those of the average stature population. Objective: This study used weight and height data in a clinical setting to derive smoothed BMI-for-age percentile curves for children with achondroplasia and explored the relation of BMI with its components, weight and height. Design: This was a longitudinal observational study of anthropometric measures of children with achondroplasia from birth through 16 y of age. Results: The analysis included 1807 BMI data points from 280 children (155 boys, 125 girls) with achondroplasia. As compared with the BMI of peers of average stature, the BMI in children with achondroplasia is higher at birth, lacks a steep increase in infancy and a later nadir between 1 and 2 y of age, and remains substantially higher through 16 y of age in both sexes. Patterns of change in height and weight in children with achondroplasia are unique in that there is no overlap in the height distribution after 6 mo of age and no spike in height velocity during infancy or puberty - the 2 periods of greatest linear growth in individuals of average stature. Conclusions: Sex- and age-specific BMI curves are available for children with achondroplasia (birth to 16 y of age) for health surveillance and future research to determine associations with health outcomes (eg, cardiovascular disease, diabetes, and indication for and outcome of surgery). © 2008 American Society for Nutrition. ER  - 
Body image in adolescents with disorders of steroidogenesis; Aim: Little is known about body image in children with endocrine conditions. We evaluated body image in children with congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH), familial male precocious puberty (FMPP), and Cushing's syndrome (CS). Study design: We compared 67 patients (41 CAH, 12 FMPP, 14 CS) age 8-18 years with 55 age-matched controls. Results: Patients expressed more weight unhappiness than controls (females: p <0.001; males: p = 0.01). This difference remained for females after adjusting for body mass index (BMI) (p = 0.03), but not for males (p = 0.12). Unhappiness with height and age of appearance was similar between groups. In female patients, higher BMI was a significant predictor of weight unhappiness (p = 0.01). Conclusion: Adolescents with CAH, FMPP, and CS are at risk for negative body image regarding weight, but not height or age of appearance. Weight unhappiness is partially related to greater weight, but factors unrelated to physical findings seem to contribute to negative body image in female patients. © Freund Publishing House Ltd., London. ER  - 
Adiponectin serum levels and their relationships to androgen concentrations and ovarian volume during puberty in girls with type 1 diabetes mellitus; Aim: To study the adiponectin levels during puberty in girls with type 1 diabetes mellitus (DM1) and their relationship to body mass index (BMI), Tanner stage, ovarian volume (OV), and androgen levels. Methods: We studied adiponectin and testosterone levels and OV in 56 pubertal girls with DM1 and in 59 healthy girls serving as controls. The effects of DM1, BMI standard deviation scores (BMI SDS), testosterone, and OV over adiponectin levels were assessed. Results: The adiponectin levels were higher in the DM1 girls as compared with the controls. There was a significant decrease in adiponectin concentrations during puberty in DM1 girls only. The adiponectin levels in the girls with DM1, but not in the controls, exhibited a negative correlation with OV (r = -0.427, p = 0.002) and testosterone (r = -0.262, p = 0.049). Regression analysis showed DM1, BMI SDS, testosterone levels, and OV to be significant factors over adiponectin levels. The effect of Tanner stage was due to differences in BMI SDS. Conclusions: Decreasing adiponectin levels observed during puberty in adolescents with DM1 correlate with increasing testosterone levels and OV. We observed higher adiponectin levels in DM1 patients only at the beginning of puberty. The lack of elevated adiponectin levels observed during the late stages of puberty in girls with DM1 may be involved in the metabolic abnormalities observed during this stage. Copyright © 2008 S. Karger AG. ER  - 
Insulin-like growth factor-1 and lean body mass in HIV-infected children; OBJECTIVES:: To describe insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) and insulin-like growth factor-1-binding protein-1 (IGFBP-1) and IGFBP-3 in HIV+ children before and after initiating or changing antiretroviral therapy and to evaluate association of growth and body composition to growth factors at baseline and over time. METHODS:: Ninety-seven prepubertal HIV+ children aged 1 month to younger than 13 years were observed over 48 weeks after beginning or changing antiretroviral therapy. Serum IGF-1, IGFBP-1, and IGFBP-3 were measured and compared with age- and sex-specific norms. Anthropometric measures were compared as follows: subjects vs matched children from (a) the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey to generate z scores and (b) HIV-exposed, uninfected children from Women and Infants Transmission Study; and subjects with normal vs abnormal IGF-1 and IGFBP concentrations at baseline. Anthropometric changes were compared for children whose IGF-1 level normalized vs remaining subjects. Multivariate analysis adjusting for sex, race, and baseline age evaluated associations between anthropometry and IGF-1 and IGFBP concentrations. RESULTS:: In multivariate analysis, lower baseline IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 were associated with lower mean weight, height, mid-arm muscle circumference, and mid-thigh circumference z scores. Twenty-four percent of children had a low IGF-1 level at baseline, 50% of whom normalized IGF-1 on study. Children whose IGF-1 normalized had greater increases in mean mid-arm muscle circumference z score (1.00 vs -0.03, P = 0.029), but a trend toward lesser mean height increase (P = 0.082) than remaining subjects. Likewise, in comparison to controls from Women and Infants Transmission Study, mean mid-arm muscle circumference also increased more in children whose IGF-1 normalized (P = 0.024) but mean height changed less (P = 0.003). Fifty-five percent of children had elevated IGFBP-1 at baseline, 69% of whom normalized. CONCLUSIONS:: IGF-1 increases and IGFBP-1 decreases in HIV-infected children upon initiation or change in antiretroviral therapy. Improved muscle mass, but not linear growth, is associated with normalized IGF-1 concentration. These findings suggest that IGF-1 may merit evaluation as a potential therapeutic strategy to improve lean body mass in HIV-infected children. © 2008 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Idiopathic central precocious puberty in girls: Presentation factors; Background: It is sometimes difficult to distinguish between premature thelarche and precocious puberty in girls who develop breasts before the age of 8 years. We evaluated the frequencies of the signs associated with breast development and the factors influencing the presentation of girls with idiopathic central precocious puberty (CPP). Methods: 353 girls monitored 0.9 ± 0.7 year after the onset of CPP. Results: The age at CPP was < 3 years in 2%, 3-7 years in 38% and 7-8 years in 60% of cases. Pubic hair was present in 67%, growth rate greater than 2 SDS in 46% and bone age advance greater than 2 years in 33% of cases. Breast development was clinically isolated in 70 (20%) cases. However, only 31 of these (8.8% of the population) had a prepubertal length uterus and gonadotropin responses to gonadotropin releasing hormone and plasma estradiol. The clinical picture of CPP became complete during the year following the initial evaluation. 25% of cases were obese. The increase in weight during the previous year (3.7 ± 1.4 kg) and body mass index were positively correlated with the statural growth and bone age advance (P < 0.0001). There was no relationship between the clinical-biological presentation and the age at puberty, the interval between the onset of puberty and evaluation, or the presence of familial CPP. Conclusion: The variation in presentation of girls with CPP does not depend on their age, interval between the onset and evaluation, or familial factors. This suggests that there are degrees of hypothalamic-pituitary-ovarian activation that are not explained by these factors. © 2008 Prété et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Delayed menarche in young German women with type 1 diabetes mellitus: Recent results from the DPV diabetes documentation and quality management system; Background: Findings have been inconsistent regarding the effect of T1DM (type 1 diabetes) on age at menarche. Objective: The purpose was to investigate in young German women with T1DM menarcheal age and factors potentially affecting menarche, including glycemic control, BMI (body mass index), relative T1DM duration (proportion of life with diabetes), insulin dose, and insulin therapy intensity. Initiated in 1990, the DPV program is an ongoing, prospective long-term longitudinal follow-up study to benchmark the quality of care provided to pediatric and, more recently, adult diabetes patients. Two hundered two German diabetes centers participated in nationwide data collection. Based on ethnicity and the availability of menarche and T1DM onset data as the main inclusion criteria, 643 young German women were selected from 11,629 female T1DM patients aged <20 years, recruited by referral, clinic or hospital ascertainment, or self report. Mean age at menarche (±SD) was 13.22±1.31 years, representing a delay of 0.52 years (p<0.001) relative to the general population. Significant delay (p<0.05) was also found for relative T1DM duration, BMI SD score, insulin dose, and HbA1c level, with a 1% increase in HbA1c resulting in a delay in menarche by 0.07 years. Conclusions: Age at menarche is delayed in type 1 diabetes mellitus. The delay increases with relative T1DM duration and poor quality of glycemic control. © 2007 Springer-Verlag. ER  - 
Evaluation of β-cell function in diabetic Taiwanese children using a 6-min glucagon test; This study evaluates the effects of glucagon 30 μg/kg (maximal 1 mg) on β-cell function in children by C-peptide determined before and 6 min after intravenous administration. From 1990 to 2005, 118 Taiwanese children with newly diagnosed diabetes mellitus (98 children with type 1 and 20 children with type 2) and 29 normal Taiwanese children were enrolled in this study. Fasting and 6-min post-glucagon C-peptide levels were analyzed. In the pre-pubertal group, the median fasting serum C-peptide levels were 0.2 and 0.8 nmol/l in type 1 diabetes and normal children, respectively. These levels rose to 0.3 and 1.9 nmol/l after glucagon stimulation. In the pubertal group, the median fasting serum C-peptide levels were 0.3, 1.0 and 0.9 nmol/l in type 1 diabetes, type 2 diabetes and normal children, respectively. They rose to 0.4, 2.5 and 2.7 nmol/l after glucagon stimulation. Both fasting and post-glucagon C-peptide levels in type 1 diabetes patients were significantly lower than those of normal children and children with type 2 diabetes. The optimal cut-off values to distinguish type 1 diabetes patients from those with type 2 as determined by the receiving operating characteristic curve were 0.7 and 1.1 nmol/l, respectively. The sensitivities of both C-peptide values were 93%. The post-glucagon C-peptide level was more powerful in distinguishing type 1 diabetes from type 2 diabetes with higher specificity (95% vs. 85%). The 6-min glucagon test is valuable in assessing β-cell function in children and can help pediatricians in the differential diagnoses of diabetes mellitus in children. © 2007 Springer-Verlag. ER  - 
Gonadotrophic status in adolescents with pituitary stalk interruption syndrome; Objective: Pituitary stalk interruption syndrome (PSIS) is a frequent cause of GH deficiency (GHD) and is commonly associated with other PH deficiencies (PHDs). Although previous reports have correlated multiple PHDs with severe anatomical lesions, the status of the gonadotrophic axis has not yet been thoroughly analysed. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed the medical records of 27 patients (15 males, 12 females) with GHD and PSIS defined by MRI findings. The status of the gonadotrophic axis was evaluated in children who were at least 14.5 years (boys) or 13 years (girls). Results: Out of 27 patients, five displayed spontaneous full pubertal development with normal hormonal values at the final evaluation, whereas 22 of 27 patients (81%) had complete (n = 18) or partial pubertal deficiency. Three girls had primary amenorrhoea with normal gonadotrophin values, raising the possibility of subtle disturbances of gonadotrophin pulsatility. Of the 21 patients with TSH or ACTH deficiency, 17 (81%) had complete gonadotrophin deficiency. Two of our six patients with apparently isolated GHD during childhood had gonadotrophin deficiency. Cryptorchidism was present at birth in six boys (40%). Of these six boys, one had normal pubertal development. Ten of 11 boys with micropenis at birth had gonadotrophin deficiency. Conclusions: Gonadotrophin deficiency is a common finding in adolescents with PSIS and is frequently associated with other PHDs. However its severity is variable, ranging from complete gonadotrophin deficiency to normogonadotrophic amenorrhoea. The occurrence of gonadotrophin deficiency in 33% of children with apparently isolated GHD and PSIS has important implications for the counselling and follow-up of these patients. © 2008 The Authors. ER  - 
The exon 3-deleted/full-length growth hormone receptor polymorphism does not influence the effect of puberty or growth hormone therapy on glucose homeostasis in short non-growth hormone-deficient small-for-gestational-age children: Results from a two-year controlled prospective study; Context: The exon 3-deleted/full-length (d3/fl) GH receptor polymorphism (d3/fl-GHR) has been associated with responsiveness to GH therapy in short small-for-gestational-age (SGA) patients, although consensus is lacking. However, its influence on glucose homeostasis, at baseline or under GH therapy, has not been investigated. Objective: Our objective was to evaluate whether the d3/fl-GHR genotypes influence insulin sensitivity in short SGA children before or after puberty onset or during GH therapy. Design: We conducted a 2-yr prospective, controlled, randomized trial. Setting: Thirty Spanish hospitals participated. Auxological, GH secretion, and glucose homeostasis evaluation was hospital based, whereas molecular analyses and data computation were centralized. Patients: Patients included 219 short SGA children [body mass index SD score (SDS)≤2.0]; 159 were prepubertal (group 1), and 60 had entered puberty (group 2). Intervention: Seventy-eight patients from group 1 were treated with GH (66 μg/kg·d) for 2 yr (group 3). Main Outcome Measures: Previous and 2-yr follow-up auxological and biochemical data were recorded, d3/fl-GHR genotypes determined, and data analyzed. Results: In groups 1 and 2, fasting glucose, insulin, homeostasis model assessment (HOMA), and quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI) were similar in each d3/fl-GHR genotype. Group 2 glucose, insulin, and HOMA were significantly higher and QUICKI lower than in group 1. In group 3 GH-treated patients, height SDS, growth velocity SDS, fasting glucose, insulin, and HOMA significantly increased as did body mass index SDS at the end of the second year, and QUICKI decreased during the first and second years, with no differences among the d3/fl-GHR genotypes. Conclusion: In short SGA patients, the d3/fl-GHR genotypes do not seem to influence prepubertal or pubertal insulin sensitivity indexes or their changes over 2 yr of GH therapy (66 μg/kg·d). Copyright © 2008 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Thirty-year persistence of obesity after presentation to a pediatric obesity clinic; Background: Few large, long-term studies are available on the relationship between childhood and adult obesity. Aim: The present study examined the 30-year association between childhood and adult obesity in a large sample of girls with essential and uncomplicated obesity. Subjects and methods: 318 girls who had visited our Pediatric Obesity Clinic between January 1972 and December 1974 were re-contacted between January 2002 and December 2005. All had undergone an assessment of weight, height and pubertal status at the baseline visit. Anthropometry was performed again on those who agreed to take part in the follow-up visit. The women's general practitioners were also asked to compile a health questionnaire. Hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, hypertriglyceridemia and diabetes were defined according to current guidelines. Rates are expressed as number of cases per 1000 person-years (PY). Multivariable Poisson regression was used to identify predictors of persistent obesity. Results: 224 (70%) of the 318 girls took part to the 30-year follow-up study. They had the same baseline anthropometry of those not available at follow-up. Sixteen per cent of them were still obese at the 30-year follow-up, giving a persistence rate of obesity of 5.2 × 1000 PY. Tanner stages ≥1 [rate = ratios (RR) from 4.73 to 7.74 for different stages, p ≤ 0.021] and Z-score of BMI (RR = 2.72 for one SDS, p = 0.019) were independent predictors of obesity persistence. Having a university degree vs. an elementary degree was instead protective (RR = 0.32, p = 0.009). The most prevalent complication was hypertriglyceridemia (8.8 × 1000 PY), followed by hypercholesterolemia (rate = 8.4 × 1000 PY), hypertension (rate = 5.2 × 1000 PY) and diabetes mellitus (rate = 1.0 × 1000 PY). Conclusion: The study reinforces the notion that obesity should be prevented at an early age and shows that adolescents with severe obesity and low educational degree are at greater risk of becoming obese adults. © 2008 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Albumin excretion rate in normal adolescents: Relation to insulin resistance and cardiovascular risk factors and comparisons to type 1 diabetes mellitus patients; Background and objectives: Although albumin excretion rates have been related to cardiovascular morbidity and mortality in both diabetic and nondiabetic adults, little is known about the relation between albuminuria and either cardiovascular risk factors or the insulin resistance syndrome in adolescents. A normal range for albumin excretion in adolescents was established, correlations between albumin excretion and cardiovascular risk factors were evaluated, and albumin excretion in normal adolescents was compared with that in type 1 diabetes mellitus adolescents. Design, setting, participants, & measurements: Albumin excretion rate was measured in 368 normal and 175 diabetic adolescents. Multiple regression analysis was used to predict the relation of age, sex, Tanner stage, body mass index, and systolic blood pressure to albumin excretion in both cohorts. In addition, correlations between albumin excretion and age, blood pressure, body mass index, lipids, and measurements of insulin resistance were performed in the normal adolescents. Results: Mean albumin excretion was significantly lower in normal adolescents (4.0 μ/min) than in type 1 diabetic adolescents (5.0 μ/ min). Albumin excretion increased with age in diabetics. Albumin excretion did not significantly correlate with any measure of cardiovascular risk or insulin resistance but did significantly correlate with fasting insulin. Conclusions: Albumin excretion rate is not related to insulin resistance or traditional cardiovascular risk factors in adolescence but is related to fasting insulin. Diabetic adolescents have increased albumin excretion compared with normal adolescents. Copyright © 2008 by the American Society of Nephrology. ER  - 
Association between school children's overweight and maternal obesity and perception of their children's weight status; Aim: To determine the association between overweight children and a) other components of the mothers' metabolic syndrome, such as body mass index (BMI), waist circumference (WC), HDL-cholesterol, triglycerides, glucose, HOMA-IR, blood pressure (BP), and age; and b) the mothers' perception of their children's overweight. Methods: Six hundred and twenty children (297 M) aged 9 ± 2 years and their mothers aged 37.7 ± 7 years were examined between April and August 2006. BMI, BP, fasting glucose and lipids and children's Tanner stage were determined. Questionnaires were filled in about the mothers' perceptions of their children's eating habits and of their children's shape. Results: Ninety-five (17.4%) of the children were obese (>95th percentile), 108 (15.3%) overweight (>85th percentile) and 418 (67.3%) normal. One hundred and twelve (18%) of the mothers were obese and 183 (29.5%) overweight. Mean values for measures in mothers differed between normal vs overweight/obese children: z-BMI (-0.19 vs 0.42), triglycerides (84 vs 105 mg/dl), cholesterol (147 vise 157 mg/dl), glucose (78 vise 82 mg/dl) and insulin resistance (HOMA-IR 1.34 vise 1.72). There were significant differences in the proportion with distorted perception of shape (2.2% vise 47.5%) and eating habits (11.2% vise 37%) between mothers of normal versus overweight/obese children. Logistic regression analysis using BMI ≥85th percentile as the dependent variable showed that the mothers' perceptions of their children's shape (OR: 18.84; 95% CI: 5.0-69.6), eating habits (OR: 3.82; 95% CI: 1.5-9.5) and mothers' BMI (OR: 2.1; 95% CI: 1.3-3.4) were associated with children's overweight. Conclusions: There was an association between mothers' distorted perception of their children's shape and eating habits and mothers' obesity and their children's overweight. This observation provides clues for obesity prevention programs. © Freund Publishing House Ltd., London. ER  - 
Prevalence of metabolic syndrome (MS) in children and adolescents with varying degrees of obesity; Objective: Childhood obesity is increasingly common and is associated with health problems; in particular, obesity plays a central role in the metabolic syndrome (MS). We estimated the prevalence of MS in Caucasian children and adolescents with varying degrees of obesity. Patients and methods: We studied 191 obese [body mass index (BMI) > 97th percentile] children and adolescents. Obesity was stratified on the basis of a threshold BMI z-score and subjects were classified as moderately (z-score 2-2.5) or severely obese (z-score > 2.5). Seventy-six, nonobese subjects were recruited into a comparison group. Thirty-one of them were of normal weight (BMI < 75th percentile) and 45 overweight (BMI 75th-97th percentile). Patients were classified as having MS if they met three or more of the following criteria for age and sex: BMI > 97th percentile, triglyceride levels > 95th percentile, high density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol level < 5th percentile, systolic or diastolic blood pressure > 95th percentile and impaired glucose tolerance (blood glucose level: 7.8-11.1 mmol/l at 2 h). Insulin resistance was calculated using the homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and impaired insulin sensitivity was defined as a HOMA-IR ≥ 2.5 in prepubertal patients and HOMA-IR > 4 in pubertal subjects. Results: The overall prevalence of MS was 13.9% and was present in 12.0% of moderately obese and 31.1% of severely obese subjects; no overweight or normal weight subjects met the criteria for MS. The rate of the MS increased progressively with increasing BMI categories (P < 0.001). Severely obese patients had a threefold increased risk with respect to moderately obese patients. Conclusions: The prevalence of the MS is higher in obese as opposed to nonobese subjects and increases with severity of obesity. © 2007 The Authors. ER  - 
Is there an independent effect of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and menopause on the prevalence of subclinical atherosclerosis in middle aged women?; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), a common reproductive endocrine condition manifests at puberty, and is characterized by hyperandrogenism, chronic anovulation, and obesity. PCOS cases exhibit an adverse coronary heart disease (CHD) profile at an early age, including insulin resistance, dyslipidemia and increased central adiposity. It can be hypothesized that the menopausal transition, whether natural or surgical, may provide an additional "insult", resulting in greater cumulative risk to their vasculature. Coronary artery calcification (CAC), a measure of subclinical atherosclerosis (SCA), was measured by electron beam tomography in 149 PCOS cases and 166 controls (mean age 47.3 and 49.4 respectively). Cases had a higher prevalence of CAC (63.1%) compared to controls (41.0%), (p = 0.037) after adjustment for age and BMI. A total of 22 cases and 39 controls had undergone natural menopause, 12 cases and 26 controls underwent surgical menopause (with biochemical confirmation) and 115 cases and 101 controls reported being currently premenopausal. There was a significant difference in CAC values between cases and controls in all three-menopause categories including pre-menopausal, surgically induced and natural menopause (p < 0.001). Duration since menopause (years) and use of hormone replacement therapy were not different between cases and controls for the two menopause groups. Logistic regression was carried out with CAC (≤10 vs >10) as the dependent variable, and independent variables: PCOS status, current age, BMI, and menopausal status, (pre-menopause, surgical and natural menopause) and selected CHD risk factors. The data indicate that women with PCOS exhibit significantly increased CAC compared to controls after adjustment for age and BMI and menopausal status. PCOS status and fasting glucose were significant risk factors for CAC (p < 0.05). Both natural and surgical menopause were independent risk factors for CAC as well (p < 0.01). HDLT was of borderline significance, p < 0.10. Further follow-up of this cohort will be valuable in determining whether PCOS status continues to affect cardiovascular risk as they undergo the menopausal transition. © 2008 Dove Medical Press Limited. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Optimal use of growth hormone therapy for maximizing adult height in children born small for gestational age; Growth retardation is a well-known complication of being born small for gestational age (SGA). Approximately 10% of children born SGA do not experience postnatal catch-up growth and are at risk for short adult height. The use of growth hormone (GH) therapy in these short children appears to increase their adult height, but modalities of GH administration remain controversial. Numerous therapeutic strategies have been developed to optimize the efficacy of GH treatment. Data concerning the influence of age at start of GH treatment, duration of GH treatment, GH dosage and method of GH administration on height gain and adult height are reported in this chapter. Longitudinal studies addressing the safety of GH treatment in SGA children are reassuring, but long-term follow-up remains necessary. Recommendations on the management of SGA children during GH treatment are given. © 2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Trends, associations and predictions of insulin resistance in prepubertal children (EarlyBird 29); Background: Rising obesity has been observed in all age groups. Anthropometric cut-points have been used to predict metabolic risk in children, although they are not based on known outcomes. Aim: We examined the trends, associations and predictions of metabolic health from anthropometry in prepubertal children. Method: Three hundred and seven healthy children were examined annually between 5 and 8 yr. Measures: height, weight, body mass index (BMI), sum of skinfold thickness at five sites (SSF) and waist circumference (WC). Outcome measures: homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and triglycerides (TG). Results: Two hundred and thirty-one [131 boys (B) and 100 girls (G)] children had complete data sets at all four time points. (i) All measures of adiposity rose from 5 to 8 yr (BMI - B: +3.4%, G: +5.7%; WC - B: +10.4%, G: +11.8%; SSF - B: +23.3%, G: +30.7%, all p < 0.001). HOMA-IR unexpectedly fell (B: -16.6%, p = 0.01; G: -32.5%, p < 0.001). This fall was significant between 5 and 6yr in both genders (5-6 yr - B: -17.8%, p < 0.001; G: -20.0%, p = 0.002) and between 6 and 7yr in girls only (6-7 yr - B: -10.8%, p=0.12; G: -19.2%, p = 0.001). HDL-C rose (B: +17.8%, G: +17.1%, both p < 0.001) and TG fell (B: -4.8%, p = 0.16; G: -11.6%, p = 0.006). (ii) Correlations between insulin resistance (IR) and anthropometry were poor at 5 yr but strengthened by 8 yr (BMI - B: r = 0.20/0.38, G: r = 0.28/0.49; WC - B: r = 0.25/0.40, G: r = 0.32/0.58; SSF - B: r=0.11/0.36, G: r = 0.18/0.53). (iii) In girls, but not boys, adiposity at 5yr predicted IR better at 8yr (BMI - r2 = 0.17; WC - r2 = 0.28; SSF - r2 = 0.17, all p < 0.001) than it did at 5 yr (BMI - r2 = 0.08, p<0.01; WC - r2 = 0.10, p < 0.01; SSF - r2 = 0.03, p = 0.07). Conclusions: Cross-sectional association cannot indicate direction of trend or predict the future. Predicting metabolic health from anthropometric measures in prepubertal children requires longitudinal data, tracking variables from childhood into adulthood. Until the data set reaches adulthood, it is probably not safe to make recommendations on which children to 'target' or whether early intervention would be of benefit. © 2008 The Authors Journal compilation © 2008 Blackwell Munksgaard. ER  - 
Primary amenorrhea as a manifestation of polycystic ovarian syndrome in adolescents: A unique subgroup?; Objective: To compare clinical and metabolic features of adolescents having primary amenorrhea (PA) and polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) with those having oligomenorrhea or secondary amenorrhea (OM/SA) and PCOS. Design: Retrospective case-control study. Setting: Endocrine Gynecology Clinic at The Hospital for Sick Children, Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Patients: Girls and young women aged 14 to 18 years having PA and PCOS (n=9) seen during a 2 1/2-year period were compared with control subjects having OM/SA and PCOS (n=18) randomly selected during the same period. Intervention: Medical record review was performed to assess clinical, biochemical, and ultrasonographic measures, as well as response to a progesterone challenge. Main Outcome Measures: Differences in response to the progesterone challenge, hyperandrogenism, and the presence of features of the metabolic syndrome. Results: Compared with adolescents having OM/SA, adolescents having PA demonstrated older age at pubarche, higher androstenedione levels, greater prevalence of family history of obesity, a tendency toward no withdrawal bleeding in response to the progesterone challenge, and more features associated with the metabolic syndrome (acanthosis nigricans, higher diastolic blood pressure, and lower high-density lipoprotein cholesterol level). No significant correlation was demonstrated between response to the progesterone challenge, metabolic features, and androstenedione levels. Conclusion: Adolescents with PA and PCOS exhibit increased features of the metabolic syndrome and higher androstenedione levels and may represent a more severe spectrum of a common condition. ©2008 American Medical Association. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Reproductive history and hormonal birth control use are associated with coronary calcium progression in women with type 1 diabetes mellitus; Context: Coronary artery disease is increased in women with type 1 diabetes (T1D), compared with nondiabetic (Non-DM) women. Women with T1D have more menstrual dysfunction and are less likely to use hormonal birth control (BC) than Non-DM women. Objective: The purpose of this study was to determine whether coronary artery calcium (CAC) is associated with menstrual dysfunction and BC use in women with T1D. Materials and Methods: This was a prospective cohort study, and participants were followed up for an average of 2.4 yr. Patients: Patients included 612 women (293 T1D, 319 Non-DM) between the ages of 19 and 55 yr who had CAC measured twice by electron beam tomography. Results: Irregular menses and amenorrhea were more common in T1D than Non-DM women (22.1 vs. 14.9%, P < 0.05 and 16.6 vs. 7.0%, P < 0.001). T1D women reported less BC use than Non-DM women (79.8 vs. 89.9%, P < 0.001) and reached menarche at an older age (13.1 ± 1.8 vs. 12.8 ± 1.5 yr, P < 0.05). Use of BC was associated with less CAC progression in all women, but this association was stronger in T1D women (P value for interaction = 0.02). Irregular menses were associated with greater CAC progression only among T1D women. Conclusions: A prior history of BC use is associated with reduced CAC progression among all women, with a stronger association in T1D than in Non-DM women. Women with T1D who report irregular menses have increased CAC progression, compared with those with regular menses. Copyright © 2008 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Retinol-binding protein 4 and its relation to insulin resistance in obese children before and after weight loss; Context: There are limited and controversial data concerning the relationships between retinol-binding protein 4 (RBP4), weight status, and insulin resistance in obese humans and especially in children. Objective: Our objective was to study the longitudinal relationships among RBP4, insulin resistance and weight status in obese children. Design, Setting, and Patients: We conducted a 1-yr longitudinal follow-up study in a primary-care setting with 43 obese children (median age 10.8 yr) and 19 lean children of same the age and gender. Intervention: Our outpatient 1-yr intervention program was based on exercise, behavior, and nutrition therapy. Main Outcomes Measures: Changes of weight status (body mass index SD score), RBP4, molar RBP4/serum retinol (SR) ratio, insulin resistance index homeostasis model assessment (HOMA), and quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI). Results: Obese children had significantly (P < 0.01) higher RBP4 concentrations and a higher RBP4/SR ratio compared with lean children. In multiple linear regression analyses adjusted to age, gender, and pubertal stage, RBP4 was significantly correlated to insulin and body mass index. Pubertal children demonstrated significantly decreased QUICKI and significantly increased HOMA index, insulin, and RBP4 concentrations compared with prepubertal children. Changes of RBP4 correlated significantly to changes of insulin (r = 0.29), HOMA index (r = 0.29), QUICKI (r = 0.22), and weight status (r = 0.31). Substantial weight loss in 25 children led to a significant (P < 0.001) decrease of RBP4, RBP4/SR, blood pressure, triglycerides, insulin, and HOMA index and an increase in QUICKI in contrast to the 18 children without substantial weight loss. Conclusion: RBP4 levels were related to weight status and insulin resistance in both cross-sectional and longitudinal analyses, suggesting a relationship between RBP4, obesity, and insulin resistance in children. Copyright © 2008 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Growth and endocrine function in patients with Hurler syndrome after hematopoietic stem cell transplantation; Short stature is characteristic of Hurler syndrome, or mucopolysaccharidosis type IH (MPS IH). Hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) is used to treat children with MPS IH. While HSCT corrects some of the metabolic features of MPS IH, its effects on growth are not well delineated. We investigated growth in patients with MPS IH after HSCT and described accompanying endocrine abnormalities. A cohort of 48 patients with MPS IH who had received HSCT between 1983 and 2005 were included. The prevalence of short stature (height <-2 s.d. score, SDS) before HSCT was 9%, and increased to 71% at last follow-up (6.9±5.1 years after HSCT). Short stature was positively associated with increased age at HSCT (P=0.002) and TBI (P=0.009). In total, 23% had growth hormone deficiency and/or low insulin-like growth factor-1, one female patient had premature adrenarche, one precocious puberty and 27% had clinical or subclinical hypothyroidism. Growth failure is highly prevalent in children with MPS IH after HSCT. Children who had no TBI exposure and were younger at the time of HSCT had a better height outcome. ER  - 
Usefulness of growth hormone (GH) stimulation tests and IGF-I concentration measurement in GH deficiency diagnosis; The diagnosis of growth hormone (GH) deficiency (GHD) is still problematic for the clinician. There is no gold standard for estimating GH secretion. The aim of this study was to compare the diagnostic usefulness of spontaneous GH secretion test, pharmacological tests with insulin, clonidine, L-dopa, and glucagon, and IGF-I measurement in GHD. We studied 180 prepubertal, short children. Predictive values were calculated for different GH cut-off levels for each diagnostic test. ROC curves were used to estimate the diagnostic usefulness of the tests. The results show that sleep is the strongest stimulatory agent for GH secretion. The estimation of GH secretion after onset of sleep can be used as a screening test in GHD diagnosis. The insulin test has the highest discrimination. A combinationof insulin test with another provocative test allows high discrimination and accuracy for standard cut-off GH level. Measurement of IGF-I is characterized by low predictive values. IGF-I level below the mean according to age indicates high probability of GHD. Auxological parameters should be the most important factor in diagnosing GHD. © Freund Publishing House Ltd., London. ER  - 
Endocrine complications in transfusion dependent thalassaemia in Penang hospital; Frequent blood transfusions can lead to iron overload which may result in several endocrine complications especially in the absence of adequate chelation therapy. The objectives of this study are to determine the prevalence of endocrine complications in transfusion dependent thalassaemia patients and the correlation of endocrine complications with the degree of iron chelation. This retrospective study looked at cases of adult patients with transfusion dependent thalassaemia treated in the Haematology Unit, Penang Hospital. Of the 25 transfusion dependent thalassaemia patients, there were 10 male and 15 female patients respectively with almost equal number of Malay and Chinese patients (13 and 12 patients respectively). Short stature was seen in 36.0% of our patients. In our cohort, 12 patients had delayed puberty (male 70.0% and female 33.3%). Prevalence of osteoporosis was 36.0%. Hypogonadism was noted in 40.0% of males and 46.7% of females. 53.4% of the female population had menstrual abnormalities with prevalence of primary and secondary amenorrhoea at 26.7% each. The prevalence of other endocrinopathies was much lower: 8.0% had diabetes mellitus and only one patient had hypocortisolism. Iron chelation appeared insufficient in our study population. The high frequency of endocrine complications noted in our study supports the rationale for regular follow-up of transfusion dependent thalassaemic patients to ensure early detection and timely treatment of associated complications. ER  - 
Evaluation of Semen Quality, Endocrine Profile and Hypothalamus-Pituitary-Testis Axis in Male Patients With Homozygous β-Thalassemia Major; Purpose: The endocrine profile, hypothalamus-pituitary-testis axis and semen quality were evaluated in male patients with homozygous β-thalassemia major. Materials and Methods: A total of 168 male patients 18 years or older with homozygous β-thalassemia major were enrolled in the study and 84 healthy age matched male volunteers served as controls. All subjects provided a medical history and underwent physical examination and routine semen analysis. Two blood samples were drawn from each participant at 20-minute intervals to determine the resting levels of certain hormones, including luteinizing hormone, follicle-stimulating hormone, prolactin, testosterone, estradiol, insulin-like growth factor-1 and insulin like growth factor binding protein-3. The hypothalamus-pituitary-testis axis was also assessed using the luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone test. Results: The prevalence of hypogonadotropic hypogonadism was 76.2% (128 patients). Of the studied patients with homozygous β-thalassemia major 75 (44.6%) were short. Compared with normal controls the patients with homozygous β-thalassemia major had lower serum luteinizing hormone, follicle-stimulating hormone, insulin-like growth factor-1, insulin-like growth factor-1 binding protein-3 and testosterone. In addition, there were decreased luteinizing hormone and follicle-stimulating hormone responses to luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone in patients with homozygous β-thalassemia major compared to those in normal controls. Total sperm count, sperm motility and percent normal sperm morphology were lower in patients with homozygous β-thalassemia major than in controls. Conclusions: Most subjects with β-thalassemia major have hypogonadotropic hypogonadism state, impairment fertility and growth retardation. Further studies are warranted to better clarify the causes and consequences of hypogonadotropic hypogonadism in patients with homozygous β-thalassemia major. © 2008 American Urological Association. ER  - 
Insulin resistance and body composition in preterm born children during prepubertal ages; Background: Premature born children may show insulin resistance in childhood which may be due to intrauterine or postnatal adverse environmental factors. Objective: Aim of this study was to evaluate insulin resistance and body composition in preterm born children born appropriate for gestational age (AGA) or small for gestational age (SGA) and relations with IGF-I, IGFBP-3 axis. Methods: Ninety-three preterm born children grouped as premature SGA (n = 30) and premature AGA (n = 63) were evaluated at age 4.6 ± 0.2 years and 4.7 ± 0.1 years with respect to their glucose, insulin, IGF-I, IGFBP-3, IGFBP-1, leptin levels and body composition by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry. Their data were compared to that of body mass index (BMI) matched term SGA (n = 42) and term AGA (n = 44) children of age 4.5 ± 0.2 and 3.8 ± 0.1 years. All children had height appropriate for their target height. Insulin resistance was evaluated by basal insulin and homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). Results: Basal insulin level was similar in preterm AGA (4.3 ± 1.4 pmol/l) and term AGA (7.9 ± 6.4 pmol/l) children at similar and normal BMI levels. Preterm SGA children had insulin levels (5.0 ± 3.6 pmol/l) similar to preterm AGA children but significantly lower than that in term SGA children (23.7 ± 20.8 pmol/l) (P = 0.001). Similar results were obtained for HOMA-IR. Term SGA children had also significantly lower IGFBP-1 levels. Body composition, leptin and IGFBP-3 did not differ between the respective groups. IGF-I was lower in preterm AGA (5.0 ± 0.6 nmol/l) than in term AGA (8.3 ± 1.2 nmol/l) (P < 0.001) children. Conclusions: Premature born AGA and SGA children do not have insulin resistance when compared to term children if they have made a catch-up growth appropriate for their target height and have normal BMI. The similar insulin levels in preterm SGA and preterm AGA children together with increased insulin levels in term SGA children points to the fact that it is the intrauterine restriction in the third trimester that has an adverse effect on future adverse metabolic outcome. © 2007 The Authors. ER  - 
Impact of parity on anthropometric measures of obesity controlling by multiple confounders: A cross-sectional study in Chilean women; Aim: To find out whether there is an association between parity and obesity, evaluated through body mass index (BMI), waist circumference (WC), waist-to-hip ratio (WHR) and waist-to-height ratio (WHtR) in Chilean women after controlling for sociodemographic characteristics, health risk and gynaeco-obstetric factors. Design: Cross-sectional study, using baseline data of the San Francisco Project. Setting: San Francisco de Mostazal, located in the central region of Chile, 6512 Chilean-Hispanic women (Spanish heritage with a variable indigenous component). Methods: A weighted random sample of 508 women who had their first pregnancy inside the primary childbearing ages. Data were collected between 1997 and 1999. Statistical associations between parity and different anthropometric measurements of adiposity in multiple linear (MLnR) and logistic regression models (MLtR) were evaluated. Results: In MLnR a modest parity-related increment in BMI and practically null increment in WC, WHR and WHtR was observed. Covariates that showed a statistically significant association with anthropometric measures of adiposity were age, low education, marital status, employment, smoking, smoking cessation, hypertension, diabetes, dyslipidaemia, parent's obesity, menarche and fetal macrosomia. Crude odds ratio (OR) showed a strong association between parity and anthropometric markers of obesity. Nevertheless, after adjustments in MLtR models, the association remained only for BMI. All the measures of abdominal obesity related to parous women showed OR smaller than 1 (95% confidence intervals 0.57 to 0.96). Conclusions: Parity modestly influences BMI, but does not seem to be related to WC, WHR and WHtR after controlling by confounders. Parity can increase adiposity but not necessarily following an abdominal pattern. ER  - 
Pubertal adiposity after fetal growth restraint: toward a calorie restriction mimetic approach; Randomized studies in early-maturing (P2 <8 years, B2 between 8 and 9 years), low-birth weight girls (N = 60) show that calorie restriction mimetic therapy with metformin for 3 years is accompanied by a strikingly leaner body composition (on average, 5.2 kg less gain of fat; 1.6 kg more gain of lean mass; P < .0001). © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The association between insulin resistance and cytokines in adolescents: the role of weight status and exercise; Increased adiposity is associated with insulin resistance (IR) and an inflammatory response in adults. We tested the hypotheses that cytokines associated with adiposity are also correlated with IR in early adolescents and that these relationships are moderated by weight status, levels of vigorous physical activity (VPA), or maximal aerobic power (pVO2max). Body mass, stature, and a fasting blood sample were obtained from 120 midpubertal adolescents (60 girls and 60 boys). Habitual VPA was obtained by a survey. Predicted VO2max was determined using a cycle ergometer test. Weight status was based on body mass index (BMI) percentiles (normal weight = BMI <75th percentile, overweight = BMI >95th percentile). Glucose, insulin, adiponectin, resistin, tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α), and interleukin-6 were measured; and IR index was based on the Homeostatic Model Assessment. Adiponectin, resistin, and TNF-α were associated with IR in all adolescents (R2 = 0.329, P < .001; R2 = 0.152, P = .001; and R2 = 0.141, P = .002; respectively); but interleukin-6 was not (R2 = 0.148, P = .114). The degree of association between adiponectin and IR was stronger in overweight than in normal-weight adolescents (P < .050). When regression models included weight status, neither TNF-α nor resistin was significantly related to IR (P > .050). Exercise did not moderate the association between these cytokines and IR. However, higher levels of VPA and/or pVO2max were associated with higher adiponectin, lower resistin, and lower TNF-α in at least one of the sexes. Our results indicate that the pathophysiology of obesity is already established in early adolescents. Increased adiposity, resulting in reduced adiponectin and increased resistin and TNF-α, may link these cytokines with IR in adolescents. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Hyperandrogenism and hyperinsulinism in children of women with polycystic ovary syndrome: A controlled study; Objective: Hyperandrogenia and insulin resistance are heritable family traits, likely to cluster in children of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) mothers. Design: We performed a case control study of PCOS children (n = 32) compared with children from control women (n = 38) for reproductive and metabolic abnormalities, stratifying results by three Tanner stage groupings. The children underwent history and physical examinations, a 3-h timed urine collection, a 2-h oral glucose tolerance test, and abdominal ultrasound examination (females only). Serum was obtained in older children (age > 8 yr) who consented. Results: Urine LH levels were significantly lower in the Tanner IV-V PCOS girls compared with controls (P = 0.04). Urine testosterone levels were significantly elevated in Tanner II-III PCOS boys compared with controls (P = 0.007). There were no significant differences in dehydroepiandrosterone levels. We validated the correlation between salivary and serum levels of insulin (insulin areas under the curve) in an adult population [n = 30, Pearson correlation coefficient (r) = 0.67; P < 0.0001], which also replicated in the children (2-h insulin r = 0.57; P = 0.0004). Mean area under the curve salivary insulin levels were significantly higher in the Tanner IV-V PCOS girls in the later stages of puberty when compared with controls (3625 ± 1372 vs. 1766 ± 621 min x μU/ml, 95% confidence interval 475-3242; P < 0.02). Conclusions: Hyperinsulinism may be a familial characteristic of PCOS children (or at least girls) but does not appear until the later stages of puberty. Other reproductive abnormalities that characterize PCOS may develop later. Copyright © 2008 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Cardiometabolic differences in children born after in vitro fertilization: Follow-up study; Context: Increasing evidence suggests that adverse conditions during early prenatal life are associated with cardiometabolic dysfunction in postnatal life. In vitro fertilization (IVF) conceptionmay be an early prenatal life event with long-term health consequences. Objective: Our objective was to investigate several cardiometabolic measures in 8- to 18-yr-old IVF singletons and spontaneously conceived controls born from subfertile parents. Design and Setting: This follow-up study was conducted at the VU University medical center, Amsterdam, The Netherlands. Participants: Blood pressure was examined in 225 IVF-conceived children and 225 age- and gender-matched spontaneously conceived control children. Several indicators of insulin resistance were studied in a pubertal subpopulation (131 IVF children and 131 controls). Main Outcome Measures: Blood pressure, fasting glucose, and fasting insulin were determined. Results: Systolic and diastolic blood pressure levels were higher in IVF children than controls (109 ± 11 vs. 105 ± 10 mm Hg, P < 0.001; and 61 ± 7 vs. 59 ± 7 mm Hg, P < 0.001, respectively). Children born after IVF were also more likely to be in the highest systolic and diastolic blood pressure quartiles (odds ratio = 2.1, 95% confidence interval 1.4, 3.3; odds ratio = 1.9, 95% confidence interval 1.2, 3.0, respectively). Furthermore, higher fasting glucose levels were observed in pubertal IVF children (5.0 ± 0.4 vs. 4.8 ± 0.4 mmol/liter in controls; P = 0.005). Blood pressure and fasting glucose differences could not be explained by current body size, birth weight, and other early life factors or by parental characteristics, including subfertility cause. Conclusions: These findings highlight the importance of continued cardiometabolic monitoring of IVF-conceived children and might contribute to current knowledge about periconceptional influences and their consequences in later life. Copyright © 2008 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Intra-abdominal adiposity and individual components of the metabolic syndrome in adolescence: Sex differences and underlying mechanisms; Objective: To investigate the association between intra-abdominal adiposity and individual components of the metabolic syndrome (MS) in adolescent males and females. Design: Cross-sectional study of a population-based cohort. Setting: Saguenay Youth Study, Quebec, Canada. Participants: A total of 324 adolescents, aged 12 to 18 years. Intervention: Measures were compared between males and females with "high" or "low" intra-abdominal fat (IAF). Main Outcome Measures: Intra-abdominal fat was quantified with magnetic resonance imaging. Primary outcome measures were blood pressure (BP) and fasting serum glucose, insulin, lipids, and C-reactive protein levels. Secondary mechanistic measures were cardiovascular variability indexes of autonomic nervous system function, pubertal development, and serum levels of cortisol, leptin, and sex hormones. Results: The MS was completely absent in adolescents with low IAF and was present in 13.8% of males and 8.3% of females with high IAF. Excess IAF was associated with a higher homeostasis model assessment index (0.5 [95% confidence interval (CI), 0.3 to 0.8]; P < .001) and triglycerides level (17.7 mg/dL [to convert to millimoles per liter, multiply by 0.0113] [95% CI, 9.7 to 25.7 mg/dL]; P < .001), lower high-density lipoprotein cholesterol level (-3.9 mg/dL [to convert to millimoles per liter, multiply by 0.0259] [95% CI, -6.2 to -1.5 mg/dL]; P = .003), and higher C-reactive protein level (0.03 mg/L [to convert to nanomoles per liter, multiply by 9.524] [95% CI, 0.01 to 0.05 mg/L]; P = .003). High IAF was associated with elevations of BP and sympathetic activity in males only (higher systolic BP, 6 mm Hg [95% CI, 1 to 11 mmHg]; P = .02 and low-frequency power of diastolic BP, 629 mm Hg2 [95% CI, 37 to 1222 mm Hg2]; P = .04). Conclusions: Our results suggest that, already in adolescence, accumulation of IAF may promote development of the MS, affecting the metabolic and inflammatory components similarly in both sexes but influencing BP adversely only in males. The latter may be attributed, in part, to the augmentation of sympathetic activity also seen only in males. ©2008 American Medical Association. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Efficacy and safety of growth hormone treatment in children born small for gestational age in Japan; Growth-promoting effects and safety of growth hormone (GH) treatment in prepubertal short-statured children born small for gestational age (SGA) were evaluated in a multicenter, open-label, randomized parallel group comparison study. Patients were randomized to two dose groups; 34 and 33 patients received GH at 0.033 and 0.067 mg/kg/day for one year, respectively. The increase of the mean height velocity standard deviation score (SDS) was significantly (p <0.0001) higher in the 0.067-mg group (from -1.4 to 4.7) than that in the 0.033-mg group (-1.9 to 2.6). A significant (p <0.0001) increase in the mean height SDS was established in the 0.067-mg group; increases of -3.1 to -2.5 vs -3.1 to -2.2 in the 0.033- and 0.067-mg groups, respectively. The trial was non-eventful. Oral glucose tolerance tests indicated a mostly normal pattern of plasma glucose before and after 12-month GH treatment. The growth-promoting effect was significantly higher with GH treatment at 0.067 mg/kg/day. © Freund Publishing House Ltd., London. ER  - 
Adolescent use of insulin and patient-controlled analgesia pump technology: A 10-year food and drug administration retrospective study of adverse events; OBJECTIVES. From January 1, 2005, through December 31, 2005, the Food and Drug Administration received 5 adolescent death reports associated with the use of insulin pumps, raising concerns about use of this device in this age group. To understand better the types of infusion pump-related problems in adolescents, we performed a comprehensive evaluation of insulin and patient-controlled analgesic pump-related adverse events reported for adolescents that were received by the Food and Drug Administration from 1996 to 2005. METHODS. A search for medical device adverse event reports from January 1, 1996 through December 31, 2005, involving insulin pumps or patient-controlled analgesic pumps used by patients who were aged 12 to 21 years was conducted in the Food and Drug Administration's Manufacturer and User Facility Device Experience Database. Reports were reviewed for demographic characteristics, type of adverse event, and patient morbidity, and potential contributory factors were classified from narratives in the reports. RESULTS. A total of 1674 reports were identified: 1594 for insulin pumps and 53 for patient-controlled analgesic pumps. In reports of insulin pump events, there were 13 reported deaths, 2 reports that indicated possible suicide attempts, and several additional reports indicating severe hypoglycemic or hyperglycemic events that seemed to be device-related. A total of 102 (6.4%) insulin-pump reports highlighted factors that may have contributed to the adverse event, including problems associated with compliance, education, sports-related activities, and dropping or damaging the pump. Eighty-two percent of cases involving the insulin pump resulted in hospitalization. Half of the reports involving patient-controlled analgesic pumps indicated that the patient received an excess of medication;tampering and noncompliance were evident in some cases. CONCLUSIONS. Adolescents are a special population who deserve careful consideration of risk and benefit for use of device technology. Studies need to further identify safety problems in this age group. ER  - 
High birth weight and early postnatal weight gain protect obese children and adolescents from truncal adiposity and insulin resistance; OBJECTIVE - Low birth weight (LBW), no early catch-up weight, and subsequent fat accumulation have been associated with increased risks of insulin resistance from childhood onward and later cardiovascular disease. We sought to clarify the effects of high birth weight (HBW) and postnatal weight gain on insulin resistance. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - A total of 117 obese children aged 10.4 ± 2.4 years were divided into three groups according to fetal growth after exclusion of maternal diabetes. They were comparable for age, sex, puberty, and percent body fat. Customized French birth weight standards, adjusted for maternal characteristics and gestation number, identified subjects with true altered fetal growth: 32 had increased fetal growth according to customized standards (HBWcust), 52 were eutrophic, and 33 had restricted fetal growth according to customized standards (LBWcust). Fat distribution by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry, insulin sensitivity indexes from an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), and leptin, adiponectin, and visfatin levels were compared between groups. RESULTS - The HBWcust subjects had a higher adiponectin level, higher whole-body insulin sensitivity index (WBISI), and lower hepatic insulin resistance index, lower insulin and free fatty acid concentrations during OGTT, and lower trunk fat percent than eutrophic (P < 0.05) and LBWcust subjects (P < 0.05). Besides birth weight, weight gain between 0 and 2 years was a positive predictor (P < 0.05) of WBISI, whereas weight gain after 4 years was a negative predictor (P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS - HBW and early weight gain may program insulin sensitivity and adipose tissue metabolism and contribute to so-called metabolically healthy obesity. © 2008 by the American Diabetes Association. ER  - 
Association between age at menarche and risk of diabetes in adults: Results from the EPIC-Norfolk cohort study; Aims/hypothesis: Earlier age at menarche is associated with increased BMI and obesity risk from early childhood through to adulthood. We hypothesised that earlier age at menarche would also predict subsequent diabetes risk. Methods: This was a population-based prospective cohort study of 13,308 women, who were aged 40 to 75 years between 1993 and 1997 and participating in the Norfolk cohort of the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC-Norfolk). We used data on age at menarche and ascertained diabetes incidence to 2005. Results: There were 734 cases of diabetes (363 incident and 371 prevalent cases). Mean age at menarche was lower in women with diabetes than in non-diabetic women (12.8 vs 13.0 years, p=0.008). Compared with the earliest quintile (menarche at 8-11 years), women in the oldest quintile (menarche at 15-18 years) had lower BMI (25.5 vs 27.4 kg/m2, p<0.0001) and a reduced risk of diabetes (OR 0.66 [95% CI 0.51-0.86] adjusted for age, family history, physical activity, smoking, occupational social class, parity and use of hormonal preparations). The association between age at menarche and diabetes was linear (adjusted OR 0.91 [95% CI 0.87-0.96] per 1 year later menarche) and appeared to be completely mediated by adult BMI or waist circumference (OR 0.98 [95% CI 0.93-1.03], further adjusted for BMI at age 40-75 years). Conclusions/interpretation: Earlier age at menarche increases the risk of diabetes in women and this association appears to be mediated by increased adiposity. History of earlier menarche may help to identify women with increased subsequent risk of diabetes. © 2008 Springer-Verlag. ER  - 
Gender, socio-economic status and metabolic syndrome in middle-aged and old adults; Background. Studies that addressed social and economic determinants of cardiovascular diseases, consistently showed an increase prevalence of the individual features of metabolic syndrome in the lower socio-economic strata. Thus, this study aimed to evaluate the association between social class and metabolic syndrome in a sample of urban middle-aged and old Portuguese adults. Methods. We evaluated 1962 subjects (1207 women and 755 men) aged 40 or more years. Marital status, education, occupation, menarche age and height distribution were used as socioeconomic indicators. Metabolic syndrome was defined according to the ATP III, by the presence of at least three of the following characteristics: waist circumference >102 cm in men and >88 cm in women; triglycerides ≥ 150 mg/dl; HDL cholesterol <40 mg/dl in men and <50 mg/dl in women; blood pressure ≥ 130/85 mm Hg; and fasting glucose ≥ 110 mg/dl. Proportions were compared using the chi square test or Fisher's exact test. Odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (95% CI) were computed using unconditional logistic regression to estimate the magnitude of the associations. Results. Metabolic syndrome was significantly more frequent in females (24.9 vs. 17.4, p < 0.001). In females, the odds favoring metabolic syndrome significantly increased with age and in unfavorable social class as described by occupation, and decreased with education level. In males, metabolic syndrome was significantly more frequent in the 60-69 years age class (OR = 1.82; 95%CI: 1.02-3.26) when compared to those in the 40-49 years age class. Concerning other socioeconomic indicators no significant associations were found. Conclusion. This study showed that gender influenced the association of socio-economic status indicators with metabolic syndrome. Females in lower social classes, as defined by education and occupational classification, more frequently presented metabolic syndrome, no such association was found in males. © 2008 Santos et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and carotid atherosclerosis in children; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is closely associated with several metabolic syndrome features, including obesity, dyslipidemia, insulin resistance, and increased cardiovascular risk. The present study was undertaken to assess whether NAFLD in children is associated with increased carotid artery intima-media thickness (IMT), a marker of early-generalized atherosclerosis. We analyzed carotid IMT along with serum triglycerides, total, low-density lipoprotein and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, glucose, insulin, insulin resistance index (as homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance), aminotransferases, leptin, and adiponectin in 29 obese children with NAFLD, 33 obese children without liver involvement, and 30 control children. The diagnosis and severity of NAFLD was based on ultrasound scan, after exclusion of infectious and metabolic disorders. Obese children with NAFLD had significantly increased carotid IMT [mean 0.58 (95% confidence intervals 0.54-0.62 mm)] than obese children without liver involvement [0.49 (0.46-0.52) mm; p = 0.001] and control children [0.40 (0.36-0.43) mm; p < 0.0005]. In a stepwise multiple regression model, after adjusting for age, gender, Tanner stage, and cardiovascular risk factors, the severity of fatty liver was significantly associated with maximum IMT (b = 0.08; p < 0.0005). Our results suggest that NAFLD is strongly associated with carotid atherosclerosis even in childhood. © International Pediatrics Research Foundation, Inc. 2008. All Rights Reserved. ER  - 
Constitutional delay of growth and puberty is not commonly associated with mutations in the acid labile subunit gene; Objectives: Constitutional delay of growth and puberty (CDGP) is a common clinical condition that may be inherited as an autosomal dominant, recessive or X-linked trait. However, single-gene defects underlying CDGP have not yet been identified. A small number of children (to date 10) with modest growth failure and in the majority delayed puberty, a phenotype similar to that of CDGP, have been reported to carry mutations in the IGF acid labile subunit (IGFALS) gene which encodes the ALS, a part of the ternary complex carrying IGF-I in the circulation. The aim of our study was to screen a well- characterised CDGP cohort exhibiting a range of growth retardation and pubertal delay for pathogenic sequence variants in IGFALS. Design and methods: We used denaturing high performance liquid chromatography (dHPLC) to screen for IGFALS mutations in DNA samples from 90 children (80 males) with CDGP of predominantly White European origin. DNA fragments generating abnormal waveforms were directly sequenced. Results: No IGFALS mutation was identified in the coding sequences or exon-intron boundaries in our CDGP cohort. One abnormal waveform pattern in dHPLC in 15 children with CDGP was found to represent a recognised synonymous single-nucleotide polymorphism of the coding transcript in the second exon in residue 210 of IGFALS. Conclusions: IGFALS sequence variants are unlikely to be a common association with pubertal delay in children with CDGP. © 2008 Society of the European Journal of Endocrinology. ER  - 
Tracking and prediction of arterial blood pressure from childhood to young adulthood in 868 patients with type 1 diabetes; OBJECTIVE - Arterial blood pressure was followed in 868 patients with type 1 diabetes aged 6.0-19.9 years in 95 centers in Germany and Austria. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - European blood pressure reference data for 28,043 children and adolescents were used with respect to age and sex. Data were stratified into three groups: prepubertal, pubertal, and postpubertal. RESULTS - Up to 4% of the participants in the younger age-groups and 13.9% of the postpubertal patients exhibited blood pressure values >97th centile. Blood pressure levels correlated with A1C level and BMI Z score. Tracking of blood pressure revealed that children with elevated blood pressure had higher blood pressure in adolescence and young adulthood. CONCLUSIONS - Patients with higher blood pressure in childhood showed elevated blood pressure later in life. We need to focus on the diagnosis of hypertension in children with type 1 diabetes and to study the efficacy of early intervention. © 2008 by the American Diabetes Association. ER  - 
Alternative methods of insulin sensitivity assessment in obese children and adolescents; OBJECTIVE- To validate fasting indexes against minimal model analysis (MMOD) of the frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test (FSIVGTT) in an obese pediatric population. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS- FSIVGTT-MMOD results were compared with homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and fasting insulin with the sample stratified by sex, puberty, and sensitivity index (5i) median in 191 children (82 males and 109 females, 13.9 ± 2.9 years of age, BMI 36.9 ± 6.2 kg/m2, BMI SD score 6.1 ± 1.6). RESULTS- Across pubertal groups, correlation coefficients between Si and HOMA-IR ranged from -0.43 to -0.78 in males and from -0.53 to -0.57 in females (age and BMI adjusted, P < 0.05 in all instances). Similar results were seen for fasting insulin. In females, the relationship was significantly weaker in more-insulin-resistant subjects. CONCLUSIONS- The validity of fasting indexes in explaining Si was sex dependent, varied with pubertal stage, and in females was influenced by degree of insulin sensitivity. In obese pediatric populations, we generally discourage the use of fasting indexes, although the validity varies within subgroups. © 2008 by the American Diabetes Association. ER  - 
Leptin Levels among Prepubertal Children with Down Syndrome Compared with Their Siblings; Objectives: To compare levels of leptin and other obesity-related hormones in prepubertal children with Down syndrome (DS), a population at high obesity risk, and those in unaffected siblings to better understand the pathophysiology of obesity in children with DS. Study design: This was a cross-sectional study of 35 children with DS and 33 control siblings, ages 4 to 10 years, with a fasting blood sample and anthropometric measurements to estimate body composition. Generalized estimating equations were used to account for the lack of independence between siblings. Results: In addition to having higher body mass index and percent body fat, children with DS had higher leptin levels than unaffected siblings, even after adjustment for age, sex, race, and ethnicity (difference, 5.8 ng/mL; 95% CI, 2.4-9.3; P = .001) and further adjustment for percent body fat (difference, 2.7 ng/mL; 95% CI, 0.08-5.40, P = .04). Leptin and percent body fat were positively associated in both groups (P < .0001), but with a significantly greater positive association in the DS group, suggesting a significant effect modification (P < .0001). Conclusions: This group of children with DS had increased leptin levels for percent body fat than their unaffected siblings. This difference may contribute to the increased risk for obesity in children with DS. © 2008 Mosby, Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Obese related effects of inflammatory markers and insulin resistance on increased carotid intima media thickness in pre-pubertal children; Obesity in children appears to be associated with increased risk of cardiovascular and metabolic diseases later in life. Early development of insulin resistance and impaired oxidant-antioxidant status may lead to endothelial dysfunction and increased carotid intima media thickness (IMT) even in childhood. The aim of this study was to measure IMT and the relationship between IMT, insulin resistance and oxidant status in obese pre-pubertal children. In 53 obese pre-pubertal children (27M/26F, mean age 8 ± 2 years), anthropometric measurements and inflammatory markers (hs-CRP and PGF-2α), were evaluated compared with 41 healthy pre-pubertal subjects (21M/20F, mean age 7 ± 2 years). OGTT was performed and insulin resistance (IR) indices (HOMA-IR, WBISI, G/I and QUICKI) were calculated in all patients. High-resolution ultrasound techniques were used to evaluate IMT. Obese children had higher levels of PGF-2α and hs-CRP compared to healthy subjects (p = 0.001 and p = 0.005). Furthermore, fasting insulin levels and HOMA-IR were higher in obese children than in controls (p = 0.001 and p = 0.001) while WBISI was significantly lower (p = 0.002). In addition, obeses had an increased IMT (p = 0.001). In obese children there was a significant correlation between IMT and indices of IR (HOMA-IR: β = -1.233, p = 0.002; WBISI: β = -0.921, p = 0.008; G/I: β = -0.811, p = 0.003) and between IMT and PGF-2α (β = 0.505, p = 0.004). After categorizing subjects according to tertiles of body mass index (BMI) (≤21.42, 21.42-26.23 and ≥26.23 kg/m2) and to waist circumference (WC) (≤68.28, 68.28-79.04 and ≥79.04 cm), no influence of BMI or WC on IMT were found in the three groups. In conclusion, early changes in glucose metabolism and an alteration of oxidant-antioxidant status may be present in obese pre-pubertal children; this could lead to increase IMT and early cardiovascular disease. © 2007 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Binge eating symptoms, diet composition and metabolic characteristics of obese children and adolescents; This study aimed to determine the occurrence of symptoms of binge eating (BE) among children and adolescents seeking treatment for their obesity, as well as to evaluate their diet composition and metabolic characteristics. The Binge Eating Scale (BES) was answered by 128 children and adolescents (10.77±2.04 years, BMI 29.15±4.98 kg/m2, BMI Z score 2.28±0.46, 53.91% pubescent), who were classified into two subgroups-binge eaters (score greater than or equal to 18 points) and non-binge eaters (score lower than 18 points). Anthropometric data, body composition and Tanner stages were collected and dietary evaluation conducted. Blood pressure was determined, and glucose, lipid profile and insulin assays were performed. Insulin resistance was determined using HOMA-IR. BE symptoms were present in 39.06% of patients. Carbohydrate intake in diet composition was significantly higher among binge eaters. Children with BE did not demonstrate significant dissimilar metabolic characteristics when compared to their counterparts without BE. Therefore, BE seems to be a prevalent problem among children and adolescents seeking help for their obesity. When associated with obesity, this eating behaviour can influence macronutrient consumption through increased carbohydrate intake. Further research would be valuable to verify the reproducibility of these findings. © 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Insulin sensitivity in Type 1 diabetic children and adolescents; Aim: To estimate insulin sensitivity in Type 1 diabetic children and adolescents, and assess the relationship between insulin sensitivity and clinical markers of adiposity and parameters of the metabolic syndrome. Methods: A total of 202 patients aged 8-18 years with Type 1 diabetes and disease duration 1.5-15 years participated. Insulin sensitivity was estimated by glucose uptake during an euglycaemic-hyperinsulinaemic clamp and was calculated as the average amount of glucose (Mlbm = mg/kglbm/min) required to maintain euglycaemia. Blood pressure, glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c) and lipid concentrations were measured. Results: The Mlbm value ranged from 4.14 to 25.25 mg/kglbm/min (mean 9.81 ± 3.34 mg/kglbm/min). There was a significant relationship between M value and patients' age (r = -0.38, P < 0.0001). Insulin sensitivity decreased significantly with the onset of puberty; hence, it was significantly lower in pubertal and post-pubertal adolescents. Girls were significantly more insulin resistant than boys (9.01 ± 0.32 vs. 10.43 ± 0.29 mg/kg lbm/min, P = 0.005). Insulin sensitivity correlated with body mass index (r = -0.29, P < 0.001), waist circumference (r = -0.35, P < 0.001), triceps skin fold (r = -0.17, P = 0.018), subscapular skin fold (r = -0.23, P = 0.001) and body fat (r = -0.19, P = 0.006). There was a relationship between Mlbm value, cholesterol (r = -0.18, P = 0.012), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (r = 0.15, P = 0.035), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (r = -0.22, P = 0.002), triglycerides (r = -0.32, P < 0.001) and systolic blood pressure (r = -0.15, P = 0.029). Insulin resistance was related to HbA1c (r = -0.18, P = 0.012). Additionally, there was a correlation between Mlbm value and insulin dose. Conclusions: Children and adolescents with Type 1 diabetes mellitus have a very wide range of insulin sensitivity, which is determined by sex, age, amount of adipose tissue and glycaemic control. © 2008 The Authors. ER  - 
Determinants of adiponectin levels in young people with Type 1 diabetes; Aims: To determine whether adiponectin levels are higher in youth with Type 1 diabetes than in non-diabetic controls, and explore potential determinants for this difference. Methods: Data are from the SEARCH for Diabetes in Youth Case-Control Study. A total of 440 youth with Type 1 diabetes and 191 non-diabetic healthy controls age 10-22 years of non-Hispanic White (NHW), African-American (AA) and Hispanic (H) origin were included in this analysis. Mean adiponectin levels were compared between persons with diabetes and controls within each racial/ethnic group, sequentially adjusting for the following variables: demographic (age, sex, Tanner stage), kidney function (albumin: creatinin ratio: ACR), obesity (body mass index: BMI; waist circumference), behavioral (percent calories from fat, physical activity), and glucose control (hemoglobin A1c: HbA1c). Results: Mean adiponectin levels, adjusted for age, sex and Tanner stage, were higher in persons with Type 1 diabetes than in control subjects, among NHW (17.6 vs 13.0 μg/ml, P < 0.001) and H (17.2 vs 13.0, P = 0.01), and slightly higher but not significantly so among AA (14.5 vs 12.6, P = 0.1). The differences persisted after additionally adjusting for differences in ACR, BMI and waist circumference. We found a positive relationship between adiponectin and HbA1c in youth with Type 1 diabetes, even after adjustment for age, sex and race/ethnicity. Conclusions: Adiponectin is higher in an ethnically diverse group of youth with Type 1 diabetes than in control subjects. The relationship between glycemic control and adiponectin in Type 1 diabetes requires further exploration. © 2008 The Authors. ER  - 
Elevated glucose concentrations during an oral glucose tolerance test are associated with the presence of metabolic syndrome in childhood obesity; Aims: To investigate whether changes in glucose concentrations during an OGTT in obese children reflect the presence of peripheral insulin resistance and/or cardiovascular risk factors more closely than single measurements of fasting plasma glucose (FPG). Methods: One hundred and twenty-two obese children attending our Paediatric Obesity Service underwent formal OGTTs, following the measurement of blood pressure and fasting levels of insulin, glucose and lipid profiles in the majority. Fasting insulin was used as a surrogate measure of insulin sensitivity. Three different child-specific definitions for metabolic syndrome were used to identify clustering of cardiovascular risk factors in 65 of these children. Results: In the whole group, 10.7% had IGT but changes in glucose during the OGTT were not influenced by age, sex, pubertal status or raw (or age- and sex-adjusted) body mass index (BMI). During the OGTT, FPG, glucose at 60 min and area under the glucose curve correlated highly with fasting insulin. Children with metabolic syndrome (defined using any of three definitions) had comparable FPG levels to those without metabolic syndrome, but they demonstrated significantly elevated glucose levels at 60 min. On sub-group analysis, obese children with normal carbohydrate metabolism were significantly more likely to have a 1 h glucose level ≥ 7.8 mmol/l if they had metabolic syndrome (P = 0.026). Conclusions: These data suggest that an elevated 1 h post-load glucose measurement is seen in obese children who have a coexistent clustering of cardiovascular risk factors. © 2008 The Authors. ER  - 
Lipoprotein(a) levels in girls with premature adrenarche; Aim: Elevated lipoprotein(a) (Lp(a)) level is a risk factor for cardiovasculary disease (CVD). Women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) have higher Lp(a) and risk for CVD than controls. The girls with premature adrenarche (PA) were shown to share similar hormonal/metabolic properties with PCOS. We compared Lp(a) levels in PA, with healthy and PCOS girls. Methods: In total, 25 PA, 20 controls and 10 girls with PCOS were evaluated. Lp(a), lipid profiles and insulin, glucose, free testosterone, dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHEAS) and androstenedione levels were measured. A family history about CVD was obtained. Results: The mean age of girls with PA, at time of the study, was 10.04 ± 1.53, control 9.83 ± 1.58 and PCOS was 16.58 ± 1.46 years. The median (range) of Lp(a) levels were 22.5 (3.50-99.90), 9.6 (3.33-32.40) and 21.2 (5.89-85.65) mg/dL in PA, control and PCOS groups, respectively (P > 0.05). The median Lp(a)'s were 14.5 (3.50-87.00) and 24.30 (6.20-99.90) mg/dL, in prepubertal (Tanner 1) and pubertal PA girls (Tanner 2-5), respectively (P > 0.05). The median Lp(a) of prepubertal peers was 8.7 (3.33-21.17), while that of pubertal ones was 15.4 (4.72-32.40) mg/dL (P > 0.05). There was no difference between Lp(a) levels of pre-pubertal PA girls and their peers; however, significant difference was found in Lp(a) levels in pubertal stages of PA and healthy peers (P < 0.05). The positive family history of CVD was 60% in PA; 55% and 80% in the control and PCOS groups, respectively, with no statistical difference. Lp(a) level was correlated with DHEAS (r = 0.386, P = 0.008) and free testosterone (r = 0.337, P = 0.022) levels positively. There was no significant correlation between Lp(a) and body mass index, fasting insulin and fasting glucose/insulin ratio. Conclusions: Lipoprotein(a) levels in pubertal girls with PA differ significantly from healthy peers. However, to clarify whether the girls with PA have an additional risk for CVD with respect to Lp(a), further follow-up studies with larger number of patients are necessary. © 2007 The Authors. ER  - 
Associations between physical activity, body fat, and insulin resistance (homeostasis model assessment) in adolescents: The European Youth Heart Study; Background: More and better data are needed to understand the action of physical activity (PA) on insulin resistance and the concomitant relation with body fat in adolescence. Objective:Weexamined the relation between total PA and intensity levels with insulin resistance under special consideration of waist circumference and skinfold thickness. Design: This was a cross-sectional study of 613 adolescents (352 girls, 261 boys) with a mean (±SD) age of 15.5 ± 0.5 y from Sweden and Estonia. Total, low, moderate, and vigorous PA was measured by accelerometry. Body fat estimators included waist circumference and the sum of 5 skinfold thicknesses. Fasting insulin and glucose were measured, and insulin resistance was calculated according to the homeostasis model assessment (HOMA). Linear regression analysis and analysis of covariance were used to determine the association between PA and insulin resistance while considering body fat. All estimates were adjusted for sex, country, pubertal status, and indicators of body fat when applicable. Results: Total, moderate, and vigorous PA were inversely correlated with HOMA. Body fat estimators were positively correlated with HOMA. Significant contrasts in HOMA concentrations were seen when comparing the lower 2 tertiles with the upper tertile of PA indicators. Repeating the analysis with body fat estimators showed significant contrasts in HOMA concentrations when comparing the lower tertiles with the upper tertile. Conclusion: In view of an increase in obesity in young people, the results accentuate the role of PA in sustaining metabolic balance in adolescence and the potential benefit of an increase of time spent at higher PA levels for youth with relatively elevated amounts of body fat. © 2008 American Society for Nutrition. ER  - 
Anastrozole increases predicted adult height of short adolescent males treated with growth hormone: A randomized, placebo-controlled, multicenter trial for one to three years; Context: The process of epiphyseal fusion during puberty is regulated by estrogen, even in males. Objective: Our objective was to investigate whether anastrozole, a potent aromatase inhibitor, could delay bone age acceleration and increase predicted adult height in adolescent boys with GH deficiency. Methods: Fifty-two adolescent males with GH deficiency treated with GH were randomized to cotreatment with anastrozole or placebo daily for up to 36 months. Results: Fifty subjects completed 12 months, 41 completed 24 months, and 28 completed 36 months. Linear growth was comparable between groups; however, there was a significantly slower increase in bone age advancement from baseline in the anastrozole group vs. placebo group after 2yr (+1.8 ± 0.1 vs. +2.7 ± 0.1 yr, P < 0.0001) and after 3 yr (+2.5 ± 0.2 vs. +4.1 ± 0.1 yr, P<0.0001). This resulted in a net increase in predicted adult height of +4.5 ± 1.2 cm in the anastrozole group at 24 months and +6.7 ± 1.4 cm at 36 months as compared with a 1-cm gain at both time points in the placebo group. Estradiol and estrone concentrations increased less in the anastrozole group compared with placebo group. All boys on the aromatase inhibitor had normal tempo of virilization. Safety data, including glucose, and plasma lipid concentrations were comparable between groups. Conclusions: Anastrozole increases adult height potential of adolescent boys on GH therapy while maintaining normal pubertal progression after 2-3 yr. This treatment offers an alternative in promoting growth in GH-deficient boys in puberty. Long-term follow up is needed to elucidate fully the safety and efficacy of this approach. Copyright © 2008 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Adverse metabolic profiles in a cohort of obese Irish children; Background: The metabolic characteristics of obese Irish children are not well defined. We prospectively examined the relationship between the degree of obesity and glucose metabolism, insulin sensitivity and suspected non-alcoholic steatohepatosis (NASH) in a pilot study of obese Irish children. Methods: We measured height, weight, body mass index (BMI), blood pressure, waist and hip circumference in 18 participants (mean age 15.5 years). Fasting blood glucose, insulin, lipid profile and alanine aminotransferase (ALT) concentrations were also measured. A standard 75 g oral glucose tolerance test was performed and insulin sensitivity was derived from this using a mathematical model - oral glucose insulin sensitivity. Results: There were significant associations between the degree of obesity, insulin sensitivity and markers of liver steatosis. For example, when adjusted for pubertal status, there were significant associations between standardized BMI and insulin sensitivity (regression coefficient, β = -70.1, P = 0.018) and ALT (β = 20.7, P = 0.007) Conclusion: This study suggests that the degree of obesity is associated with lower insulin sensitivity and possible NASH in obese Irish children. ER  - 
Brief report: A GPR54-activating mutation in a patient with central precocious puberty; Gonadotropin-dependent, or central, precocious puberty is caused by early maturation of the hypothalamic-pituitary-gonadal axis. In girls, this condition is most often idiopathic. Recently, a G protein-coupled receptor, GPR54, and its ligand, kisspeptin, were described as an excitatory neuroregulator system for the secretion of gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH). In this study, we have identified an autosomal dominant GPR54 mutation - the substitution of proline for arginine at codon 386 (Arg386Pro) - in an adopted girl with idiopathic central precocious puberty (whose biologic family was not available for genetic studies). In vitro studies have shown that this mutation leads to prolonged activation of intracellular signaling pathways in response to kisspeptin. The Arg386Pro mutant appears to be associated with central precocious puberty. Copyright © 2008 Massachusetts Medical Society. ER  - 
Effects of age at menarche, reproductive years, and menopause on metabolic risk factors for cardiovascular diseases; Background: Early menarche is associated with increased adult body fatness, however, this association has been studied primarily in young women. The impact of changes in some metabolic risk factors of cardiovascular disease (CVD) after menopause remains controversial and ageing is an important confounder. Objectives: To investigate the effect of age at menarche, reproductive years, and years post-menopause on body composition and metabolic risk factors for CVD independent of the normal ageing process in a large sample size of Chinese women. Design: Nine thousand ninety seven women aged 25-64 were recruited from Anhui, China in 2004-2005. Anthropometric measurement, body composition, blood pressure, plasma lipids, fasting glucose and insulin, as well as a questionnaire-based interview on menstruation and lifestyle information were obtained from each participant. Results: After adjusting for age and other covariates, age at menarche was inversely associated with body fatness, HOMA-IR, triacylglycerol and the total number of metabolic syndrome components, and was positively associated with HDL-C (p < 0.05). The number of reproductive years was associated with increased body fatness, decreased total cholesterol and HDL-C (p < 0.05). Post-menopausal women had significantly lower BMI but higher abdominal fat percentage, increased plasma levels of triacylglycerol, total cholesterol, HDL-C, and LDL-C, and lower systolic blood pressure than pre-menopausal women (p < 0.05). Conclusion: Age at menarche, reproductive years, and menopause status were significantly associated with body composition, insulin sensitivity and blood lipid levels. © 2007 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Growth and bone mineral accretion during puberty in Chinese girls: A five-year longitudinal study; There are few longitudinal data on bone development during puberty in children with low calcium intake. This 5-yr longitudinal study showed that, in Chinese girls, the mean apparent calcium retention efficiency during puberty was 40.9%, PHV occurred at 3-0 yr before menarche, and peak bone mineral accretion occurred 1 yr later than PHV. Chinese girls have high calcium retention efficiency during puberty. Introduction: There are few longitudinal data on bone development during puberty in children with low dietary calcium intake. The aim of this study was to examine the rate of growth and bone mineral accretion and study the predictors of total body BMC during puberty in a 5-yr longitudinal study with Chinese girls. Materials and Methods: Ninety-two girls, 9.5-10.5 yr of age at baseline, from the unsupplemented control group of a school milk intervention trial were included in this analysis. Data on anthropometric measurements, total body BMC as assessed by DXA, and calcium intake as assessed by a 3-day food record were obtained at baseline and 1, 2, 4, and 5 yr. Results: The mean age of menarche was 12.1 ± 1.0 yr. The mean annual rate of bone mineral accretion was 197.4 g/yr during the follow-up period, representing a calcium accretion rate of 162.3 mg/d. This calcium retention rate and the average dietary calcium intake of 444.1 mg/d gave an apparent calcium retention efficiency of 40.9%. Peak height velocity (PHV) occurred at 3-0 yr before menarche. Peak bone mineral accretion occurred 1 yr later than PHV. There was a decrease in size-corrected BMD in the year before menarche. In the linear mixed-effects model analysis containing body size and lifestyle factors, we found that height, body weight, and calcium intake were significant independent predictors of total body BMC. Conclusions: Chinese girls with low habitual dietary calcium intake have high calcium retention efficiency during puberty. Because calcium intake is a significant predictor of total body BMC, increasing dietary calcium intake may have beneficial effects on bone mineral accretion in these girls. © 2008 American Society for Bone and Mineral Research. ER  - 
Life-course origins of social inequalities in metabolic risk in the population of a developing country; In countries that have been industrialized for a long time, but not always elsewhere, low socioeconomic position (SEP) is associated with ischemic heart disease in men. The authors hypothesized that socioeconomic development could, via pubertal sex steroids, promote an atherogenic lipid profile and body shape in men but not in women. Therefore, they examined the associations of SEP with ischemic heart disease risk in a developing-country population. The authors used multivariable regression to examine the associations of SEP with the metabolic syndrome and its components in 9,746 Chinese adults aged ≥50 years from the Guangzhou Biobank Cohort Study, phase 2, recruited in 2005-2006. After adjustment for age, smoking, alcohol use, and physical activity, high SEP at each of three life stages, proxied by parental possessions in childhood, education, and longest held-occupation, was inversely associated with the metabolic syndrome in women but not in men. Higher SEP in men was associated with lower pulse pressure and fasting plasma glucose level but also with greater waist circumference and a lower high density lipoprotein cholesterol level. With socioeconomic development, diet-related hormonal changes at puberty may outweigh the usual protective effect of social advantage in men, with corresponding implications for boys currently undergoing the nutrition transition in the developing world. © The Author 2007. Published by the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Pubertal progression and serum lipid profile in obese children; Background: During puberty, sex hormones are associated with decrease in serum lipids in healthy individuals. Aim: To investigate the relationships between pubertal development, serum lipid profile and atherogenic indices in obese children and adolescents. Methods: Body mass index (BMI), blood pressure, and serum lipids of 340 obese children (182 girls, 158 boys) aged 3.6-17.8 years were measured. Atherogenic index, total cholesterol (TC)/high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C) and low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C)/HDL-C were calculated as indices of atherogenic risk. Results: Weight (F = 62.078; p <0.001), BMI (F = 21.083; p <0.001), systolic blood pressure (SBP) (F = 11.956; p <0.001) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) (F = 3.947, p = 0.005) differed significantly between pubertal stages and increased with advance in stages in males. HDL-C (F = 4.586; p = 0.004) differed significantly between pubertal stages and decreased with advancing stages in males. Weight (F = 66.915; p <0.001), BMI (F = 23.101; p <0.001), SBP (F = 10.873; p <0.001), DBP (F = 2.839; p = 0.040) and LDL-C (F = 3.072; p = 0.029) differed significantly between pubertal stages and increased with advancing stages in girls. Triglyceride, TC, LDL-C and SBP were statistically significant determinants for HDL-C according to multivariate linear regression analysis. SBP was significantly affected by chronological age, BMI, glucose, TC and HDL-C according to stepwise linear regression analysis. Conclusion: The increasing rate of obesity is associated with an increase in cardiovascular risk factors in parallel with advance in pubertal stages, particularly in boys. © Freund Publishing House Ltd., London. ER  - 
Growth hormone therapy does not alter the insulin-like growth factor-I/insulin-like growth factor binding protein-3 molar ratio in growth hormone-deficient children; Background: Recent studies have linked raised levels of IGF-I and/or reduced levels of its main binding protein, IGF binding protein (IGFBP)-3, with the risk of developing cancer. A GH dose-dependent increase in IGF-I/IGFBP-3 molar ratio has been reported in subjects treated with GH, raising concern about the long-term safety. Objective: The aim of this study was to evaluate changes in serum IGF-I, IGFBP-3, and IGF-I/IGFBP-3 molar ratio over the first 12 months of replacement GH therapy in GH deficient (GHD) children. Methods: The study included 20 GHD children who had not previously received GH treatment, and 40 untreated non-GHD short children closely matched for age, gender, pubertal stage, and body mass index (BMI), as controls. Serum IGF-I, IGFBP-3 levels were measured before and after 12 months of GH treatment. Based on the molecular weight of IGF-I (7500) and IGF-BP-3 (40,000, mean of glycosylated variants), we calculated the molar ratio of IGF-I/IGFBP-3. Results: IGF-I/IGFBP-3 molar ratio significantly increased during GH therapy (p=0.01). No significant difference in IGF-I/IGFBP-3 ratio was found between GHD children and controls at the different time points. In the multiple regression analysis, BMI (β=0.33) and age (β=0.33) proved to be the major predictors of the IGF-I/IGFBP-3 molar ratio (adjusted r2=0.53, p<0.0001). Conclusions: Our results suggest that at a conventional replacement dose GH does not alter the IGF-I/IGFBP-3 molar ratio. Potential fears related to long-term cancer risk are likely to be greatest in patients exposed to high-dose GH therapy and with genetic predisposition to high IGF-I and/or low IGFBP-3 concentrations. ©2008, Editrice Kurtis. ER  - 
Public health implications of altered puberty timing; Changes in puberty timing have implications for the treatment of individual children, for the risk of later adult disease, and for chemical testing and risk assessment for the population. Children with early puberty are at a risk for accelerated skeletal maturation and short adult height, early sexual debut, potential sexual abuse, and psychosocial difficulties. Altered puberty timing is also of concern for the development of reproductive tract cancers later in life. For example, an early age of menarche is a risk factor for breast cancer. A low age at male puberty is associated with an increased risk for testicular cancer according to several, but not all, epidemiologic studies. Girls and, possibly, boys who exhibit premature adrenarche are at a higher risk for developing features of metabolic syndrome, including obesity, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease later in adulthood. Altered timing of puberty also has implications for behavioral disorders. For example, an early maturation is associated with a greater incidence of conduct and behavior disorders during adolescence. Finally, altered puberty timing is considered an adverse effect in reproductive toxicity risk assessment for chemicals. Recent US legislation has mandated improved chemical testing approaches for protecting children's health and screening for endocrine-disrupting agents, which has led to changes in the US Environmental Protection Agency's risk assessment and toxicity testing guidelines to include puberty-related assessments and to the validation of pubertal male and female rat assays for endocrine screening. Copyright © 2008 by the American Academy of Pediatrics. ER  - 
Relationship between nonalcoholic fatty liver disease prevalence and visceral fat in obese adolescents; Background: Visceral adiposity is the major risk factor for paediatric nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. Aims: Determine the prevalence of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease according to the visceral fat quartile. Subjects: 181 obese adolescents including 113 girls (16.58 ± 1.56 years) and 68 boys (16.87 ± 1.62 years) were evaluated. Methods: The inclusion criteria were obesity and post-pubertal stage of Tanner. Visceral fat of obese adolescents was distributed in quartiles after ultrasound nonalcoholic fatty liver disease diagnosis. Results: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease prevalence was 45.30%. It was observed that 62.07% and 76.47% of girls and boys with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease were found in the 4th quartile. In a multivariate logistic analysis it was observed that only visceral fat remained statistically significant, every 1 cm increase in visceral fat was associated with a 1.97 fold (95% CI 1.06-3.66) in boys and 2.08 fold (95% CI 1.38-3.13) in girls increased risk to develop nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. Indeed it was verified a positive correlation between visceral fat, body mass index, insulin levels, homeostasis model assessment insulin resistance index and steatosis degree. Conclusions: Our findings suggested that the expansion of visceral fat was a determinant factor to increase nonalcoholic fatty liver disease prevalence and the visceral fat measured by ultrasound might be a good predictor to identify risk for nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in obese adolescents. It was confirmed by a stronger correlation between visceral fat and body mass index. © 2007 Editrice Gastroenterologica Italiana S.r.l. ER  - 
Breast size and risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus; Background: Elevated waist circumference and body mass index (BMI), both traditional measures of obesity, are accepted risk factors for type 2 diabetes mellitus. Girls who are obese experience earlier onset of puberty and possibly greater breast development. We sought to evaluate whether a woman's breast size in late adolescence is associated with an increased risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus in adulthood. Methods: In conjunction with the ongoing Nurses' Health Study II, which began to study risk factors for breast cancer among women in 1989, we conducted a prospective cohort study involving 92 106 of the participants. We assessed the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus in relation to self-reported bra cup sizes, categorized as ≤ A, B, C and ≥ D cups, among participants at age 20. Results: The mean age of participants at baseline was 38.1 years. A total of 1844 new cases of type 2 diabetes mellitus arose at a mean age of 44.9 years during 886 443 person-years of follow-up. Relative to bra cup size ≤ A, the respective age-adjusted hazard ratios (and 95% confidence intervals [CIs]) were 2.30 (1.99-2.66) for B cup, 4.32 (3.71-5.04) for C cup and 4.99 (4.12-6.05) for ≥ D cup. Upon further adjustments for age at menarche, parity, physical activity, smoking status, diet, multivitamin use, family history of diabetes mellitus, BMI at age 18 and current BMI, the corresponding hazard ratios (and 95% CIs) were 1.37 (1.18-1.59) for B cup, 1.80 (1.53- 2.11) for C cup and 1.64 (1.34-2.01) for ≥ D cup. The addition of waist circumference to this model minimally changed the hazard ratios (and 95% CIs): 1.32 (1.14-1.53) for B cup, 1.71 (1.46-2.01) for C cup and 1.58 (1.29-1.94) for ≥ D cup. Interpretation: A large bra cup size at age 20 may be a predictor of type 2 diabetes mellitus in middle-aged women. Whether this relation is independent of traditional indicators of obesity remains to be determined. © 2008 Canadian Medical Association or its licensors. ER  - 
Abnormal sex chromosome constitution and longitudinal growth: Serum levels of insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-I, IGF binding protein-3, luteinizing hormone, and testosterone in 109 males with 47,XXY, 47,XYY, or sex-determining region of the Y chromosome (SRY)-positive 46,XX karyotypes; Context: Growth is a highly complex process regulated by the interaction between sex steroids and the GH IGF-axis. However, other factors such as sex chromosome-related genes play independent roles. Aim: The aim of the study was to evaluate the role of abnormal chromosome constitution for longitudinal growth in relation to reproductive hormones, IGF-I, and IGF binding protein (IGFBP)-3. Setting: The study was conducted at an outpatient clinic, Copenhagen University Hospital. Participants: Participants included 86 47,XXY males, 14 46,XX-males, and nine 47,XYY. Main Outcome Measures: Standing and sitting height, serum levels of reproductive hormones, IGF-I, and IGFBP-3 were measured. Results: In boys with 47,XXY and 47,XYY karyotypes, growth was accelerated already in childhood, compared with healthy boys. 46,XX-males were significantly shorter than healthy boys but matched the stature of healthy girls. In 47,XXY sitting height to height ratios were lower than expected, whereas body proportions in 46,XX-males and 47,XYY were normal. In all subjects serum levels of IGF-I and IGFBP-3 were within normal limits. The boys with 46,XX and 47,XXY karyotypes presented with low normal testosterone and elevated LH levels after puberty, whereas the sex hormone secretion of the 47,XYY boys remained normal. Conclusion: We found accelerated growth in early childhood in boys with 47,XXY and 47,XYY karyotypes, whereas 46,XX-males were shorter than controls. These abnormal growth patterns were not reflected in circulating levels of IGF-I and IGFBP-3. The boys with 46,XX and 47,XXY karyotypes developed hypogonadism in puberty, but androgen secretion in 47,XYY boys remained normal. The abnormal stature of these patients may be a result of abnormal gene expression due to the underlying chromosome aberration resulting in excessive expression of growth-related genes. Copyright © 2008 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Increased bone mineral density in postmenopausal women with type 2 diabetes mellitus; Background and Objectives: Studies of bone mineral density (BMD) in women with type 2 diabetes mellitus have shown conflicting results. We conducted this study to determine whether postmenopausal women with diabetes have higher BMD than non-diabetic women of similar age, and to investigate the relationship between BMD and relevant clinical characteristics in these groups of women. Patients and Methods: We retrospectively analyzed lumbar spine, femoral neck, and radius BMD data and other relevant clinical data for 130 postmenopausal women with type 2 diabetes mellitus and 166 non-diabetic women collected during a voluntary screening for osteoporosis in postmenopausal women without a history of low bone mass or osteoporotic fractures. Results: Women with type 2 diabetes mellitus had significantly higher mean lumbar spine BMD (0.903:±0.165 vs. 0.824±0.199, respectively, P<.001) and mean femoral neck BMD (0.870±0.132 vs. 0.832±0.134, respectively, P<.05) than non-diabetic women. In both groups of women, age correlated negatively with BMD levels at all three anatomical sites. Higher body mass index was associated only with higher lumbar spine BMD in both groups. Alkaline phosphatase levels showed a negative correlation with BMD at all sites in women with type 2 diabetes mellitus. Conclusion: Postmenopausal women with type 2 diabetes mellitus have higher BMD levels than non-diabetic women with similar clinical characteristics, and require a more scrutinized approach in managing low bone mass. ER  - 
Body trunk fat and insulin resistance in post-pubertal obese adolescents; Context and Objective: Insulin resistance is a metabolic disorder commonly associated with excess body fat accumulation that may increase chronic disease risk. The present study was undertaken to evaluate the relationship between body composition and insulin resistance among obese adolescents. Design and Setting: Cross-sectional study, at the Adolescence Center, Pediatric Department, Universidade Federal de São Paulo. Methods: Body composition was assessed using dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry. Dietary intake was evaluated using a three-day dietary record. The biochemical evaluation comprised glucose, insulin, serum lipid, leptin and ghrelin measurements. Insulin resistance was calculated by means of the homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). Results: Forty-nine post-pubertal obese adolescents participated in the study: 12 boys and 37 girls of mean age 16.6 (1.4) years a nd mean body mass index (BMI) of 35.0 (3.9) kg/m2. The mean glucose, insulin and HOMA values were 90.3 (6.4) mg/dl, 16.6 (8.1) μIU/ml and 3.7 (1.9), respectively. Hyperinsulinemia and insulin resistance were observed in 40.2% and 57.1% of the subjects, respectively. Adolescents with insulin resistance had higher BMI and body trunk fat. There was a trend towards higher leptin concentration in obese individuals with insulin resistance. Insulin resistance was positively correlated with body trunk fat, BMI, body fat mass (kg), leptin and body fat percentage. Furthermore, there was a negative correlation between HOMA-IR and lean body mass. The body composition predicted 30% of the HOMA-IR levels, according to linear regression models. Conclusion: Body trunk fat was significantly associated with insulin resistance, demonstrating the clinical importance of abdominal obesity during adolescence. Copyright © 2008, Associação Paulista de Medicina. ER  - 
Trends in age and height at diagnosis of childhood growth hormone deficiency during the period 1995-2004; The aim of the study was to evaluate age and height at the diagnosis of childhood growth hormone deficiency in the group of children who were qualified to growth hormone (GH) treatment in pediatric endocrinology department at Medical University of Gdańsk in period 1994-2004. Material and methods: The analysis comprised 170 GH-deficient children (111 boys) in whom GH treatment was indicated in our department in the period 1995-2004 yr. Results: At diagnosis the mean age was 11,1±3,2 yr., mean height -3,6±1,0 SDS. Mean age in males was significantly higher, than in females, but there was no statistically significant difference between them. 25% of patients were pubertal. 44% of children lived in rural area, 56% in urban area and the age of diagnosis was similar in both groups. Children from rural area were, however, significantly shorter than those from urban area. 25.3% of patients started with GH treatment in the period 1995-2000 yr. and 74.7% after year 2000. Children who started with GH treatment before year 2000 were younger (9,6±3,6 yr.) than those after year 2000 (11.6±2.9 yr.). They were also significantly shorter (-4.2±1.1 SDS) than patients diagnosed after year 2000 (-3.4±0.9 SDS). Height in 67% of patients diagnosed before year 2000 and 36% diagnosed after year 2000 was below -3.5 SDS. Conclusions: Children with GH deficiency were referred to our department relatively late and the age of the diagnosis did not decrease during the period 1995-2004. The deep height deficiency observed in children at the diagnosis of GH deficiency decreased after year 2000 but it is still a problem in patients from rural area. General practitioners should earlier identify children with height deficiency and refer them to pediatric endocrinologists. ER  - 
Profile of rheumatoid arthritis patients attending a private tertiary hospital rheumatology clinic; Objective: To study the profile of patients with rheumatoid arthritis (RA) attending a private hospital. Methods: Prospectively collected data (at the first visit to clinic) of first 400 patients with RA attending our rheumatology clinic, from January 2002 to December 2005 was analyzed for age at onset, sex, education, occupation, marital status, smoking, alcohol ingestion, diet, prior treatment with DMARDs and steroids, alternative therapy, co-morbidities such as hypertension, diabetes mellitus, family history of RA, past history of tuberculosis (TB) and jaundice. In females, additionally age at menarche, relationship of pregnancy to onset of RA and age at menopause were noted. Results: 400 patient data was analyzed. Female patients accounted for 88.5%; median age at onset of RA was 36 years. Only 3% had not received formal education. 4% gave history of smoking. Mean age at menarche was 13.4 years, 3% had developed RA within 1 year, post-delivery; 39% were menopausal when first seen with mean age at menopause of 45.7 years. 72% had received alternative therapy and 38% gave history of steroid intake. Family history of RA was present in 10%. About 47% had been treated with DMARDs before referral. At least one co-morbidity was present in 44%: hypertension (23%) and diabetes (9%) being the most common. Past history of TB and hepatitis was present in 11.5% and 13% patients respectively. Conclusion: Our RA patient population consisted predominantly of females with disease onset between 3rd and 5th decades; were married, educated, and non-smokers. Majority had received alternative therapy and steroids. Hypertension, diabetes, and TB were important co-morbidities. Family history was positive in 10% and 39% were menopausal at presentation. ER  - 
A cross-sectional study of metabolic and endocrine complications in beta-thalassemia major; Background and objectives: Iron overload is a major problem in patients with beta-thalassemia major, and it has many structural and metabolic consequences. The aim of this study was evaluation of endocrine disturbances in patients with beta-thalassemia major who were older than 10 years of age. Patients and methods: In this cross-sectional study, investigators collected demographic data and medical histories, as well as menstrual history in females, from the medical records of 56 patients with beta-thalassemia major. Patients were examined to determine their pubertal status and the standard deviation score for height for evaluation of short stature. For evaluation of glucose tolerance, a fasting blood glucose and oral glucose tolerance test were performed. Evidence for diabetes mellitus was based on American Diabetes Association and World Health Organization criteria. Serum levels of calcium, phosphorous, thyroid-stimulating hormone, free thyroxin, luteinizing hormone and follicular-stimulating hormone, and estradiol in girls and testosterone in boys were measured. Results: The mean and standard deviation for age in the 56 patients (36 males and 20 females) was 15.62±4.44 years. Diabetes mellitus was present in 5 patients (8.9%), impaired fasting glucose was found in 16 patients (28.6%) and an impaired glucose tolerance test was found in 4 patients (7.1%). Short stature (standard deviation score <-2) was seen in 25 (70%) boys and 14 (73%) girls. Impaired puberty was found in 40 patients (71%). Hypocalcaemia and primary overt hypothyroidism were present in 23 (41%) and 9 patients (16%), respectively. Only eight patients (14.3%) had no endocrine abnormalities. Conclusion: Despite therapy with deferoxamine to treat iron overload, the risk of secondary endocrine dysfunction remained high. Hypogonadism was one of the most frequent endocrine complications. Impaired glucose tolerance, short stature, hypocalcemia, subclinical and overt hypothyroidism are also frequent. ER  - 
Bone metabolism is linked to disease duration and metabolic control in type 1 diabetes mellitus; This cross-sectional study analyzed bone mineral density (BMD) in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus (DM1) and its relationship with metabolic control, duration of disease and bone markers. Methods: Forty-four children and adolescents with DM1 (age 8.8 ± 4.4 years, disease duration 6.6 ± 3.9 years) and 22 healthy children were assessed for BMD of the lumbar spine (L1-L4) by dual energy X-ray absorptiometry; osteocalcin (OC) and carboxy-terminal telopeptide (CTX) were measured in the study group. Results: The BMD was similar in subjects with (-1.15 ± 1.2 S.D.) and without DM1 (-0.85 ± 0.88 S.D., p = 0.25). After adjustment for weight, height and pubertal development, the BMD was <-2.0 S.D. in only two diabetic patients (4.5%). Bone area (BA) was inversely correlated with the duration of diabetes (p = 0.03) and HbA1c (p = 0.02). In girls, who presented a worse HbA1c than boys (p < 0.01), BMD was inversely correlated with HbA1c (p = 0.05). OC and CTX levels were higher in boys (p < 0.01) and both inversely correlated with pubertal development (p = 0.01), but not with BMD. Conclusions: Children and adolescents with DM1 have normal bone mass in the lumbar spine. However, longer diabetes duration and poor metabolic control may have a negative impact on bone mass, requiring further investigation through longitudinal studies. © 2007 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Effect of pioglitazone therapy in lean type1 diabetes mellitus; Objective: The beneficial effects of metformin in peripubertal adolescents and rosiglitazone in overweight type1 diabetic subjects, though modest have been demonstrated. This study was designed to analyze the effect of pioglitazone as an adjunctive therapy in post-pubertal lean T1DM. Patients and methods: Sixty type1 diabetic subjects with duration of illness of a year or more with body mass index between 18 and 24.9 kg/m2 were randomly assigned to receive either 30 mg pioglitazone or placebo once daily for 6 months. The study was double-blinded placebo controlled with 30 subjects in each group, matched for age, sex, anthropometric and metabolic parameters. At the end of the study period, plasma glucose levels, HbA1c, lipids and insulin requirement were compared between the two groups. Results: A significant improvement in post-prandial plasma glucose (PPPG) levels (9.1 ± 1.7 and 8.4 ± 1.3 mmol/L, p = 0.002) and HbA1c (7.08 ± 0.48 and 6.86 ± 0.45%, p = 0.001) were observed in the pioglitazone treated group, but not in the placebo treated group (8.3 ± 1.8 and 7.8 ± 1.8 mmol/L, p = 0.06 and HbA1c 7.3 ± 0.37 and 7.24 ± 0.33%, p = 0.74, respectively). However, the mean decrease in PPPG and HbA1c levels between groups corrected for baseline values at the end of study was significant only for the later (HbA1c -0.22 ± 0.29 and -0.06 ± 0.49, p = 0.03), while for the former, it got attenuated (PPPG -0.69 ± 1.1 and -0.48 ± 1.36, p = 0.68). There was no alteration in body weight, body mass index, insulin requirement, blood pressure and lipid profile in both the groups at the end of the study. Conclusion: Pioglitazone is modestly effective adjunct to insulin therapy in lean type1 diabetic subjects. It improves post-prandial glucose levels and HbA1c without alterations in body weight and insulin requirement. © 2007 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Disproportional geometry of the proximal femur in patients with Turner syndrome: A cross-sectional study; Objective: Patients with Turner syndrome (TS) have altered growth and increased risk of osteoporosis due to oestrogen deficiency and possibly a host of other factors. Thus, TS patients have a 4.9-fold increased risk of femoral neck fractures. Most patients are treated with oestrogen during puberty and adolescence to facilitate pubertal development and prevent secondary osteoporosis. The geometry of the hip is a predictor for hip fractures independent of bone mineral density (BMD). The purpose of the present study was to investigate the variation of the geometry of the hip in patients with TS in comparison with healthy controls. Patients: The study population comprised 58 patients with TS (aged 22-67 years) and 60 age-matched healthy women (aged 21-65 years). Measurements: Hip axis length (HAL), neck width (NW), neck shaft angle (NSA), and femoral head-radius (HR) on dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA) screen images. These parameters related to age of oestrogen supplementation, menarche, and duration of oestrogen exposure. Results: Height was 146.6 ± 6.9 cm and 167.1 ± 6.2 cm (P < 0.1) and weight 57.4 ± 13.9 kg and 62.3 ± 8.3 kg (P < 0.001) in patients and controls, respectively. After adjustment for differences in height, HAL was not significantly different (9.4 ± 0.5 vs. 9.5 ± 0.5 cm; NS) in TS compared with controls while NW was significantly increased (3.5 ± 0.4 cm vs. 3.3 ± 0.2 cm, P < 0.001), NSA was similar (129 ± 4° vs. 130 ± 4°, NS), and HR was significantly decreased (4.1 ± 0.4 vs. 4.5 ± 0.3 cm, P < 0.001). The duration of oestrogen exposure was significantly shorter among TS, but did not correlate significantly with the geometrical parameters in either TS or controls. Conclusion: Our data demonstrates that hip geometry is disproportionate in TS compared with normal controls. The altered hip geometry, however, cannot explain the increased risk of hip fracture in TS. © 2007 The Authors. ER  - 
Comparison of metabolic syndrome prevalence using eight different definitions: A critical approach; Objective: Multiple definitions of the metabolic syndrome (MS) have been proposed for children, adolescents and adults. The aim of this study was to analyse the variations in the MS prevalence using different definitions and to examine which factors influence the frequency of the MS in childhood and adolescence. Methods and design: The prevalence of the MS according to eight proposed definitions was studied in 1205 Caucasian overweight children and adolescents aged 4-16 years (mean body mass index (BMI) 27.3 kg/m2, mean age 11.8 years, 46% males, 39% prepubertal). Blood pressure, waist circumference and fasting triglycerides, HDL-cholesterol, total cholesterol, insulin and glucose concentrations were determined. Overweight was defined according to the International Task Force of Obesity in Childhood. Degree of overweight was calculated as standard deviation score of BMI (SDS-BMI). Insulin resistance was estimated based on the HOMA model. Results: The prevalence of the MS varied significantly (p<0.001), being between 6% and 39% depending on the different definitions. Only 2% of the children fulfilled the criteria of the MS in all definitions. Insulin resistance and degree of overweight were associated with the MS. In most definitions, pubertal stage did not influence the occurrence of the MS. In a principal component analysis, total cholesterol, triglycerides and waist circumference showed high final communality estimates. Conclusions: Since the prevalence of the MS varied widely in overweight children and adolescents depending on the proposed definition used, an internationally accepted uniform definition of the MS is necessary to compare different populations and studies. ER  - 
Early metabolic derangements in daughters of women with polycystic ovary syndrome; Context: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a familial endocrine-metabolic dysfunction, increasingly recognized in adolescent girls with hyperandrogenism. However, it is difficult to establish whether the metabolic abnormalities described in PCOS are present before the onset of hyperandrogenism. In children, a strong association of adiponectin levels with metabolic parameters of insulin resistance has been described. Objective: The objective of the study was to evaluate adiponectin serum concentrations and metabolic parameters in prepubertal and pubertal daughters of women with PCOS to identify girls with increased metabolic risk. Design: Fifty-three prepubertal and 22 pubertal (Tanner stages II-V) daughters of PCOS women (PCOSd) and 32 prepubertal and 17 pubertal daughters of control women (Cd) were studied. In both groups, an oral glucose tolerance test was performed with measurement of glucose and insulin. Adiponectin, leptin, C-reactive protein, SHBG, sex steroids, and lipids were determined in the fasting sample. Results: Both groups had similar chronological ages, body mass index SD score, and Tanner stage distribution. In the prepubertal girls, 2-h insulin was higher (P = 0.023) and adiponectin levels were lower (P = 0.004) in the PCOSd group, compared with the Cd group. In the pubertal girls, triglycerides (P = 0.03), 2-h insulin (P = 0.01), and serum testosterone concentrations were higher (P = 0.012) and SHBG lower (P = 0.009) in PCOSd, compared with Cd, but adiponectin levels were similar in both groups. Conclusions: Some of the metabolic features of PCOS are present in daughters of PCOS women before the onset of hyperandrogenism. Adiponectin appears to be one of the early markers of metabolic derangement in these girls. Copyright © 2007 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Fractures and bone mineral density in adult women with 21-hydroxylase deficiency; Context: Patients with classical congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH) receive lifelong, often supraphysiological, glucocorticoid therapy. Pharmacological doses of glucocorticoids are an established risk factor for osteoporosis. Objective: Our objective was to evaluate bone mineral density (BMD), fracture prevalence, and markers of bone metabolism in adult females with CAH. Design: This was a cross-sectional observational study. Setting: Tertiary care referral centers were used in this study. Participants: We studied 61 women, aged 18-63 yr, with genetically verified CAH due to 21-hydroxylase deficiency. They were patients with salt wasting (n = 27), simple virilizing (n = 28), and nonclassical 21-hydroxylase deficiency (n = 6). A total of 61 age-matched women were controls. Main Outcome Measures: History of fractures was recorded. Total body, lumbar spine, and femoral neck BMD were measured by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry. The World Health Organization criteria for osteopenia and osteoporosis were used. Serum marker of bone resorption, β-C telopeptide was studied. Results: The mean glucocorticoid dose in hydrocortisone equivalents was 16.9 ± 0.9 mg/m2. Patients had lower BMD than controls at all measured sites (P < 0.001). In patients younger than 30 yr old, 48% were osteopenic vs. 12% in controls (P < 0.009). In patients 30 yr or older, 73% were osteopenic or osteoporotic vs. 21% in controls (P < 0.001). BMD was similar in the two classical forms and had no obvious relationship to genotypes. β-C-telopeptide was decreased in older patients. More fractures were reported in patients than controls (P < 0.001). The number of vertebrae and wrist fractures almost reached significance (P = 0.058). Conclusions: Women with CAH have low BMD and increased fracture risk. BMD should be monitored, adequate prophylaxis and treatment instituted, and glucocorticoid doses optimized from puberty. Copyright © 2007 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Familial risk factors for microvascular complications and differential male-female risk in a large cohort of American families with type 1 diabetes; Context: Type 1 diabetes (T1D) complications are responsible for much of the disease morbidity. Evidence suggests that familial factors exert an influence on susceptibility to complications. Objectives: We investigated familial risk factors and gender differences for retinopathy, nephropathy, and neuropathy. Design and Setting: This study was a case-control design nested on a cohort of T1D families. We collected data (questionnaire, medical records) starting in 1988. Follow-up has been ongoing since 2004. Patients: There were 8114 T1D patients among 6707 families. All patients had T1D onset age younger than 30 yr and required insulin treatment. Patients who remained without a complication after more than 15 yr of diabetes were considered to be without that complication for our analyses. Results: A complication in a sibling increased the risk for that complication among probands: odds ratio 9.9 (P < 0.001) for retinopathy, 6.2 for nephropathy (P < 0.001), and 2.2 for neuropathy (P < 0.05). Compared with male probands, a female T1D proband had 1.7-fold higher retinopathy risk (P < 0.001) and 2-fold higher neuropathy risk (P < 0.001). T1D cases with onset between ages 5 and 14 yr had an increased complications risk compared with subjects diagnosed either at a very young age or after puberty. The presence of one complication significantly increased the risk for others. If a parent had type 2 diabetes, the risk for nephropathy increased (odds ratio 1.9, P < 0.01, but T1D in a parent did not increase the risk). Conclusions: We confirmed that familial factors influence T1D microvascular pathologies, suggesting a shared genetic basis for complications, perhaps independent of T1D susceptibility. We also found an unexpected increased female risk for complications. Copyright © 2007 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Fasting nonesterified fatty acid profiles in childhood and their relationship with adiposity, insulin sensitivity, and lipid levels; OBJECTIVE. The objective of this study was to examine the major constituent of nonesterified fatty acids in children with respect to auxologic parameters, insulin sensitivity, and lipid levels, because nonesterified fatty acid levels are elevated in obesity and are important in the development of comorbidities. METHODS. Fasting blood samples were obtained from 73 children (43 girls; 49 obese; median [range] age: 11.4 [0.9-17.6] years). Concentrations of the major circulating nonesterified fatty acids (myristate, palmitate, oleate, stearate, and arachidate) were determined by gas chromatography mass spectrometry, alongside measurement of insulin, adiponectin, and lipid profiles. RESULTS. The sum of all nonesterified fatty acids was significantly higher in obese versus normal-weight children, although gender (but not age or puberty) was an important determinant, with the difference remaining significant only in boys. Overall, obese children had higher concentrations of myristate, palmitate, and oleate but not stearate or arachidate. Age was an important determinant of myristate and arachidate, whereas gender proved more important for palmitate and stearate. Fasting insulin concentrations were not associated with either total nonesterified fatty acid concentrations or any of the individual nonesterified fatty acids, although a positive correlation was found between adiponectin and total nonesterified fatty acid concentrations that was independent of obesity status and that seemed mediated by changes in palmitate and stearate. Serum total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein (but not high-density lipoprotein) levels seemed to correlate positively with circulating concentrations of palmitate, oleate, and stearate, whereas serum triacylglycerols correlated with myristate, palmitate, and oleate concentrations. CONCLUSIONS. Nonesterified fatty acid concentrations are elevated in obese children, primarily as a result of increases in myristate, palmitate, and oleate. Independent effects of nonesterified fatty acids on circulating adiponectin levels and lipid parameters were observed, although we found no relationship between nonesterified fatty acid concentrations and the insulin resistance identified with obesity. Copyright © 2007 by the American Academy of Pediatrics. ER  - 
Endocrine complications in patients with thalassaemia major; Patients with multi-transfused thalassaemia major may develop severe endocrine complications due to iron overload. The anterior pituitary is particularly sensitive to iron overload which disrupts hormonal secretion resulting in hypogonadism, short stature, acquired hypothyroidism and hypoparathyroidism. Glucose intolerance and diabetes mellitus are also common in thalassaemic patients. The seventy of the clinical manifestation and laboratory findings in thalassaemia largely depends on the genotype; thus homozygotes or compound heterozygotes for the mutations β0 or β+ depend for life on frequent transfusions. A multicenter study in Cyprus including 435 patients showed hypogonadotrophic hypogonadism in 32.5%, short stature in 35%, acquired hypothyroidism in 5.9%, hypoparathyroidism in 1.2% and diabetes mellitus in 9.4%. A slowing down of growth velocity and a reduced or absent pubertal growth spurt is observed in early adolescence leading to short adult height. Delayed or absent puberty and hypogonadism may result in fertility problems which affect enormously the life of thalassemics. Glucose intolerance in adolescence and diabetes mellitus later in life are also frequent complications mainly due to iron overload, chronic liver disease and genetic predisposition. Primary hypothyroidism and hypoparathyroidsm usually appear in the second decade of life; are related to iron overload and may be reversible at an early stage by intensive chelation. Osteopenia and osteoporosis due to a complicated pathogenesis represent prominent causes of morbidity in young adults of both genders with thalassaemia. Early recognition and prevention of the endocrine complications, by early and regular chelation therapy, is mandatory for the improvement of the quality of life and psychological outcome of these patients. ER  - 
Absence of autoantibodies connected to autoimmune polyendocrine syndrome type I and II and Addison's disease in girls and women with Turner syndrome; Background. A disturbance in the immune system has been described in Turner syndrome (45,X), with an association to low levels of IgG and IgM and decreased levels of T- and B-lymphocytes. Also different autoimmune diseases have been connected to Turner syndrome (45,X), thyroiditis being the most common. Other autoimmune diseases seen are inflammatory bowel disease, insulin dependent diabetes mellitus, Addison's disease, rheumatoid arthritis, myasthenia gravis, vitiligo, alopecia, pernicious anaemia and hypoparathyroidism, but the association to Turner syndrome is not definite. Besides the typical features of Turner syndrome (short stature, failure to enter puberty spontaneously and infertility due to ovarian insufficiency) ear problems are common. Otitis media and a progressive sensorineural hearing disorder are commonly seen. In the normal population there are known inner ear disorders related to autoimmune diseases. The aim of this study was to investigate patients with Turner syndrome regarding autoantibodies connected to the autoimmune disorders; autoimmune polyendocrine syndrome type I and II and Addison's disease, to screen for overlapping profile of autoantibodies. Blood samples from 110 Turner patients (7-65 years) were investigated using in vitro transcription, translation and immunoprecipitation techniques regarding autoantibodies connected to autoimmune polyendocrine syndrome type I and II and Addison's disease (21-hydroxylase, 17α-hydroxylase, side-chain cleavage enzyme, aromatic L-amino acid decarboxylase, tyrosine hydroxylase and tryptophan hydroxylase). Results. The autoantibodies investigated were not overrepresented among the Turner patients. Conclusion. The autoimmune disorders associated with Turner syndrome do not seem to be of the same origin as Addison's disease, the type I or II autoimmune polyendocrine syndrome. © 2007 Stenberg et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
The clinicostatistical characteristic of pregnant women with insulin dependent diabetes, gestosis and combined pathology; The purpose of research was carrying out of the clinicostatistical analysis of pregnant women with insulin dependent diabetes, gestosis and their combination. According to the program of inspection 169 pregnant women were under supervision, at that 35 patients as control group (20,7 %) were without complicated pregnancy in the terms of 6-40 weeks; 52 (30,8 %) - with nephropathy I-II degrees; 38 (22,5 %) - with insulin dependent diabetes and 44 (26,0 %) - with insulin dependent diabetes, complicated nephropathy I-II degrees. The program of inspection of women included the clinicostatistical analysis. Investigated parameters reflected published data, professional employment, presence of harmful habits, anamnesis data, a condition of menstrual function. The clinicostatistical analysis has shown that similar characteristics of pregnant women with insulin dependent diabetes and its combination with gestosis were following: the age upwards 31 years, absence of social employment, adiposity, somatically the burdened history, intense infectious immunity, later or early menarche, dysfunction of ovary and hypomenstrual syndrome, accompanying gynaecological disorders. At pregnant women with "pure" gestosis the distinctive characteristic was the age till 20 years, conducting a rural way of life, professional employment. ER  - 
Relationship between gamma-glutamyltransferase and fat mass in a general population of 8-17 years old children. The FLVS II study; Aim: Elevated gamma-glutamyltransferase (GGT) is positively associated with severity of obesity in obese children and with increased BMI and waist circumference in general populations of adults. We aimed to study the relationships between GGT and anthropometric parameters in a general population of children. Methods: This cross-sectional study was conducted in 219 boys and 214 girls included in the Fleurbaix Laventie Ville Santé II study. Weight, height, four skinfolds and waist circumference were measured. We compared the means of GGT activity according to gender and Tanner stage, and according to overweight status (IOTF definition) and quartiles of anthropometric parameters. We then calculated partial Pearson correlations by gender between GGT and anthropometric parameters taking age and Tanner stage into account. Results: GGT activity was higher in boys than in girls as soon as puberty started (P < 0.001). The higher difference was observed for Tanner stage III (GGT = 10.2 UI/L, CI95% of mean (9.5, 11.1) vs. 7.8 UI/L (7.2, 8.4)). Anthropometric parameters were significantly associated with GGT, particularly waist circumference (r = 0.28 in boys; r = 0.24 in girls). After an additional adjustment for sum of skinfolds, this correlation disappeared in boys (r = 0.06), and was still significant in girls (r = 0.19). Conclusion: In a general population of children, overweight and abdominal fat distribution were associated with increased GGT. As some studies have shown that GGT could predict the metabolic syndrome in children and type 2 diabetes in adults, the modest elevation of GGT observed in overweight children may be of pathophysiological importance in the long term. © 2007 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved. ER  - 
17-Hydroxyprogesterone responses to gonadotropin-releasing hormone disclose distinct phenotypes of functional ovarian hyperandrogenism and polycystic ovary syndrome; Context: The exaggerated 17-hydroxyprogesterone response to GnRH agonists, which reflects functional ovarian hyperandrogenism (FOH), is believed to be the prominent abnormality in women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Objective: Our objectives were to quantify the prevalence of PCOS with FOH and to evaluate whether the presence of FOH may distinguish different clinical and biochemical phenotypes. Design, Setting, and Participants: We conducted an observational study at an academic hospital that included 148 PCOS women and 22 healthy age-matched normal-weight control women. Main Outcome Measures: A hormone profile was taken at baseline and in response to 1-24ACTH and to a GnRH agonist, buserelin, administered during dexamethasone suppression. Results: Based on the data obtained in the control subjects, the PCOS patients were divided into two groups, one with a normal (NR-PCOS, n = 78) and one with a high 17-hydroxyprogesterone response (HR-PCOS, n = 70) to buserelin. The two groups of PCOS subjects had similar anthropometric parameters and clinical signs of hyperandrogenism. Age and body weight at menarche were significantly lower and higher, respectively, in the HR-PCOS group than the NR-PCOS group. Moreover, the HR-PCOS group had higher basal testosterone (P ≤ 0.001), free androgen index (P ≤ 0.01), 17-hydroxyprogesterone (P ≤ 0.05), estrogens (P ≤ 0.05), area under the curve for insulin (insulinAUC) (P ≤ 0.05), and C-peptideAUC (P ≤ 0.01) and lower insulin sensitivity (as composite insulin sensitivity index) (P ≤ 0.05) than the NR-PCOS group. The response of 17-hydroxyprogesterone to 1-24ACTH (as percent variation) was lower in the HR-PCOS group with respect to the NRPCOS group (P ≤ 0.05), whereas the response of cortisol, androstenedione, and dehydroepiandrosterone was similar. Finally, the HR-PCOS group had lower percent suppression of androstenedione (P ≤ 0.001) and 17-hydoxyprogesterone (P ≤ 0.05) to dexamethasone. In a multiple regression model applied in all PCOS women, insulinAUC but not androgens or markers of insulin resistance predicted the 17-hydroxyprogesterone response to buserelin to a highly significant extent (t = 3.269; P ≤ 0.01). Conclusions: This study indicates that the paradigm that FOH is a specific feature of the PCOS status can no longer be sustained. We have shown that women with an exaggerated 17-hydroxyprogesterone response to a GnRH agonist, buserelin, are characterized by more severe hyperandrogenemia, glucose-stimulated β-cell insulin secretion, and worse insulin resistance than those without evidence of FOH. Our data may be consistent with the hypothesis that excess insulin may represent a candidate factor responsible for FOH in these women, through the overactivation of the cytochrome P450 17α-hydroxylase/17,20-lyase (CYP17) enzyme pathway. Copyright © 2007 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Childhood metabolic syndrome and its components in premature adrenarche; Context: Premature pubarche (PP), the main clinical manifestation of premature adrenarche (PA), has been associated with insulin resistance and dyslipidemia in selected populations. Objectives: Our aim was to determine the prevalence of childhood metabolic syndrome (cMBS) and to study its components in prepubertal Northern European girls with PA. Design and Patients: We conducted a cross-sectional study on 63 prepubertal girls with PA (32 with PP = PP-PA, 31 without PP = nonPP-PA) and 80 healthy age-matched control girls. A standard 2-h oral glucose tolerance test with insulin sampling was performed. Plasma lipids and serum SHBG were analyzed, and blood pressure and weight-for-height were recorded. cMBS was defined by modified criteria of the U.S. National Cholesterol Education Project Adult Treatment Panel III and the World Health Organization. Setting: The study was performed at University Hospital. Results: The mean weight-for-height (P = 0.002) and the prevalence of cMBS by the modified Adult Treatment Panel III (24 vs. 10%) and World Health Organization definitions (16 vs. 5%) (P < 0.05 for both) were higher in the PA than control girls. The weight-for-height adjusted serum insulin concentrations during the oral glucose tolerance test were elevated in the whole PA group, whereas the fasting insulin concentrations were increased and SHBG was decreased only in the PP-PA subgroup. The weight-for-height adjusted blood pressure, lipid, or glucose levels did not differ between the study groups. Conclusions: Prepubertal Northern European PA girls have increased prevalence of cMBS mainly due to being overweight and their hyperinsulinism. Among the PA children, the nonPP-PA girls have milder metabolic changes than the PP-PA girls. Copyright © 2007 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Relationships of urinary adrenal steroids at age 8 years with birth weight, postnatal growth, blood pressure, and glucose metabolism; Introduction: Overactivity of the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis through a program set by early growth patterns is hypothesized to lead to central obesity, insulin resistance, and hypertension. We therefore examined links between adrenal steroid production and birth weight, rapid early growth, and body mass index (BMI), blood pressure, waist circumference, and resistance to insulin in early childhood through the action of adrenal steroids. Methods: Timed overnight urine samples were collected in 461 children from a large representative birth cohort. In total 244 boys and 188 girls aged 8.2-8.4 yr completed the protocol. The excretion rates of individual steroids were measured to determine total androgen and cortisol metabolites. Indices of activity of 5α-androgen reduction of androgens and cortisol metabolites and 11β-hydroxy steroid dehydrogenase activity were calculated. Results: In both boys and girls, total urinary androgen and cortisol metabolites were positively related to current height, weight, BMI, and waist circumference. Girls had higher urine androgen metabolite levels and 5α-androgen indexes than boys, and in girls higher androgen metabolite excretion was associated with lower birth weight and faster postnatal weight gain. After adjustment for current BMI, total cortisol metabolites and 11β-hydroxy steroid dehydrogenase index were not related to birth weight or postnatal weight gain in either sex. Conclusions: These data confirm early growth associations in this cohort seen with plasma levels of adrenal androgens at age 8 yr, at least in girls. Larger studies and follow-up during puberty are needed to exclude the possibility of programming of cortisol metabolism by early growth. Copyright © 2007 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Serum retinol-binding protein 4 concentration and its ratio to serum retinol are associated with obesity and metabolic syndrome components in children; Context: Although retinol-binding protein (RBP)-4 concentrations are elevated in animal models of obesity and insulin resistance (IR), the link between RBP4 and IR in humans is less clear. There are few published data on RBP4 levels in overweight children, and most previous studies did not control for vitamin A (VA) status and/or subclinical inflammation. Objective: The objective of the study was to measure serum RBP4, serum retinol (SR), the RBP4-to-SR molar ratio, and dietary VA intakes in normal-weight and overweight children and investigate the relationship of these variables to IR, subclinical inflammation, and the metabolic syndrome in this age group. Design: This was a cross-sectional study. Setting: The study was conducted in Northern Switzerland. Patients: Patients included 6- to 14-yr-old normal-weight, overweight, and obese children (n = 79). Main Outcome Measures: Body mass index, body fat percentage, waist-to-hip ratio, dietary VA intakes, serum RBP4, and SR were determined. IR was assessed using fasting insulin and the quantitative insulin sensitivity check index, and components of the metabolic syndrome and indices of subclinical inflammation were measured. Results: Only 3% of children had low VA status. Independent of age, VA intakes, and C-reactive protein, body mass index, body fat percentage, and waist-to-hip ratio were significant predictors of RBP4, SR, and RBP4/SR. Independent of adiposity, RBP4 and RBP4/SR were significantly correlated with serum triglycerides, and RBP4/SR was correlated with fasting insulin. The RBP4-to-SR ratio more strongly correlated with components of the metabolic syndrome than serum RBP4. Conclusion: Independent of subclinical inflammation and vitamin A intakes, serum RBP4 and the RBP4-to-SR ratio are correlated with obesity, central obesity, and components of the metabolic syndrome in prepubertal and early pubertal children. Copyright © 2007 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Delayed pubertal onset and development in German children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes: Cross-sectional analysis of recent data from the DPV diabetes documentation and quality management system; Objective: To investigate the effect of type 1 diabetes on pubertal onset and development, and to identify factors potentially affecting puberty, including glycemic control, relative diabetes duration, body mass index standard delta score (BMI SDS), insulin dose, and intensity of insulin therapy. Research design and methods: Initiated in 1990, the Diabetes-Patienten-Verlaufsdaten (DPV) is an ongoing, prospective longitudinal follow-up program to benchmark the quality of diabetes care provided to, predominantly, pediatric patients. Data collection for this non-interventional audit was carried out at 202 German diabetes treatment centers. Patient recruitment was done by referral, clinic/hospital ascertainment, or self-report. Data were analyzed for subcohorts of 1218-2409 boys and 579-2640 girls from a cohort of 24 385 pediatric type 1 diabetic patients. Selection was based on ethnicity and availability of data on Tanner stage 2, or higher, of genital and pubic hair development (boys) or breast and pubic hair development, and menarche (girls). Results: Boys showed significant (P < 0.05) delay (years) in mean ages at onset of genital development (12.0 (±0.9) years) and pubarche (12.2 (±0.4) years). In girls, mean ages at thelarche (11.4 (±0.5) years), pubarche (11.5 (±0.I) years), and menarche (13.2 (±0.5) years) were significantly delayed compared with the general population. Sexual maturity (Tanner stage 5) was not delayed in either sex. Elevated glycohemoglobin and decreased BAH SDS were associated with significantly delayed pubertal onset, whereas relative diabetes duration and insulin dose were not. Conclusions: Pubertal onset, but not sexual maturity, is delayed in children with type 1 diabetes. Delay increases with higher glycohemoglobin and lower BMI SDS. © 2007 Society of the European Journal of Endocrinology. ER  - 
Evaluation of insulin resistance in a cohort of HIV-infected youth; Objective: Metabolic abnormalities, including impairment of glucose homeostasis, have been well characterized in HIV-infected patients. In contrast to adults, insulin resistance and diabetes mellitus appear to be relatively uncommon finding in youth. Design: We assessed insulin resistance, and associated risk factors, in a population of vertically HIV-infected children and young adults, when compared with a control population of healthy children. Methods: At the time of enrolment, weeks of pregnancy, birth weight, sex, age, weight, height, body mass index (BMI), pubertal stages, CDC classification, blood pressure, clinical lipodystrophy, hepatitis B or C co-infection, antiretroviral therapy, CD4 T lymphocyte counts, and HIV-RNA levels were recorded. Fasting plasma glucose and insulin levels and homeostatic model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) were determined. These parameters were compared between HIV patients and healthy controls with multivariate analyses. Results: Fasting insulin levels (OR=1.21, P<0.001) and glycemia (OR=0.89, P<0.001) were significantly different between HIV-infected patients and controls. Antiretroviral therapy duration (r=0.281, P<0.05), triglyceride levels (r=0.286, P<0.05), age (r=0.299, P<0.05), and BMI SDS (r=0.485, P<0.001) were significant predictor variables of insulin resistance, expressed as HOMA-IR. Moreover, clinical lipodystrophy seems to be strongly correlated to glycemia (P<0.05), triglyceride levels (P<0.05), serum insulin levels (P<0.001), HOMA-IR (P<0.05), and also with therapy duration (P<0.05). Conclusions: Both HIV infection and antiretroviral therapy demonstrate differential effects on glucose metabolism in HIV-infected children. Targeted prevention of insulin resistance and diabetes mellitus in HIV-infected children and young adults is needed in order to avoid the associated long-term complications that would otherwise occur, given the improvement in life expectancy of HIV-infected individuals. © 2007 Society of the European Journal of Endocrinology. ER  - 
Age of menarche and the metabolic syndrome in China; OBJECTIVES: In western populations, young age of menarche is associated with increased cardiovascular risk. Little is known about the potential impact of menarche on the metabolic syndrome (as a proxy for cardiovascular risk) in rapidly economically developing populations where age of menarche is falling. We sought to determine the relation between age of menarche and the metabolic syndrome in a rapidly developing Chinese population. METHODS: We carried out a retrospective historical cohort study of 7349 women from the Guangzhou Biobank Cohort Study, China, enrolled in 2003-2004. Cardiovascular risk factors were obtained from physical examination; age of menarche was obtained from self-report. The main outcome measure was the metabolic syndrome and its components. RESULTS: Adjusted for age, education, and number of pregnancies, young age of menarche (<12.5 years) compared with age of menarche ≤14.5 years was associated with a higher risk of the metabolic syndrome (odds ratio = 1.49; 95% confidence interval = 1.22-1.82), central obesity (1.35; 1.10-1.65), raised blood pressure (1.34; 1.09-1.65), raised fasting glucose (1.40; 1.15-1.71), and higher triglyceride levels (1.36; 1.12-1.67). Further adjustment by waist circumference attenuated these effects, but the odds ratios remained elevated. CONCLUSIONS: Earlier age of menarche experienced by younger women in China today, now 12.5 years on average in urban populations, may contribute to an increase in the metabolic syndrome and thereby an increase in cardiovascular disease as these women age. These results further highlight the importance of childhood antecedents of adulthood disease. © 2007 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc. ER  - 
Lipid and insulin levels in obese children: Changes with age and puberty; Objective: The goal was to describe the lipid profile and insulin changes seen in obese children and adolescents at different stages of puberty. Research Methods and Procedures: A cross-sectional study was conducted by chart review of 181 obese (BMI > 95th) children and adolescents 5 to 17 years of age, who were referred to the Center for Atherosclerosis Prevention for cardiovascular risk reduction from January 2003 through December 2003. Results: Eighty (44.2%) subjects were <12 years of age, and 101 (55.8%) were ≥12 years. Severity of obesity as expressed by BMI standard deviation score did not differ between these age groups. A significant difference with lower serum levels of total cholesterol, non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol was seen with older age and with advancing sexual maturity rating. Triglycerides, very-low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and lipoprotein(a) levels remained elevated across age and pubertal stages. Insulin levels and insulin resistance as expressed by homeostasis model assessment were significantly higher with older age. Similar trends were observed both in obese boys and obese girls during puberty. Discussion: The most striking findings of this study are that in the 5- to 17-year-old obese population, the combination of elevated triglycerides and very-low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels place them at greater cardiovascular risk than their non-obese peers, even when the changing patterns of lipids and lipoproteins seen during pubertal maturation are accounted for. Copyright © 2007 NAASO. ER  - 
Time to recognize atypical celiac disease in Indian children; Background/Objective: There is scant information about atypical (non-diarrheal) presentation of celiac disease (CD) from India. We conducted this study to compare non-diarrheal and diarrheal presentations of CD in children. Methods: From November 2003 to December 2005, we prospectively screened two groups of children for CD, group I with diarrhea and group II without diarrhea but with atypical presentations (unexplained growth retardation, refractory anemia, refractory rickets, chronic constipation and abdominal distension). Screening was done with IgA antiendomysial antibody (EMA) followed by duodenal biopsy if EMA was positive. Celiac disease was diagnosed according to modified ESPGHAN criteria. Results: A total of 200 children were screened (103 in group I and 97 in group II) and CD was diagnosed in 42 (classical 24, atypical 18). Presentation of atypical CD were; short stature 6, anemia 4, abdominal distension 3, rickets 2, and constipation, diabetes mellitus, delayed puberty in 1 case each. Patients with atypical CD were older (median age 10.4 years vs 5.5 years, p<0.007) than classical cases. On mean (SD) follow-up of 12.6 (7.5) months all showed response to gluten-free-diet, and median gain in weight, height and final hemoglobin levels were similar in the two groups. Conclusion: Atypical CD is not uncommon in India. Children with atypical CD present at an older age. Likelihood of finding CD is high in children with anemia, short stature and rickets. Copyright © 2007 by Indian Society of Gastroenterology. ER  - 
The effect of recurrent tonsillitis and adenotonsillectomy on growth in childhood; Objective: Tonsil and adenoid hypertrophy may cause recurrent tonsillitis and upper airway obstruction in children. A reduced dietary intake and failure to gain weight is frequently reported by parents of children with a history of recurrent acute tonsillitis and adenotonsiller hypertrophy. The purpose of this prospective study was to evaluate whether surgical treatment of adenotonsillar hypertrophy affects the circulating concentrations of insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) and IGF-binding protein 3 (IGFBP-3) along with IGF-1 SDS and IGFBP-3 SDS's adjusted to age which are more important in evaluating growth in childhood. Methods: Thirty-eight prepubertal children 24 boys and 14 girls participated in this study. The mean age at surgery was 6.66 ± 1.84 years (range 4-10 years). Weight, height, IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 levels and standard deviation scores were evaluated before and 12-18 months after adenotonsillectomy (T&A). Results: The number of infections in a year reduced from 8.6 ± 4.4 to 0.37 ± 0.68 after operation. The mean weight standard deviation score (SDS) increased significantly after T&A (p < 0.01). The mean IGFBP-3 level increased from 1912 ± 511.5 to 2989 ± 1125 ng/ml (p < 0.001) and IGFBP-3 SDS increased from -3.0 ± 0.58 SDS to -1.96 ± 1.27 SDS (p: 0.001). However, the mean serum IGF-1 level increased from 80.3 ± 48.5 to 116.8 ± 105.9 ng/ml (p: 0.135), and IGF-1 SDS increased from -1.36 ± 0.51 SDS to -1.31 ± 1.14 SDS (p: 0.701), which were both not statistically significant. Conclusions: We have demonstrated postoperative weight gain and significant increase in IGFBP-3 concentrations and IGFBP-3 SDS, accompanying significant decrease in the number of tonsillitis episodes after adenotonsillectomy. © 2007 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Growth environment and sex differences in lipids, body shape and diabetes risk; Background. Sex differences in lipids and body shape, but not diabetes, increase at puberty. Hong Kong Chinese are mainly first generation migrants from China, who have shared an economically developed environment for years, but grew up in very different environments in Hong Kong or contemporaneously undeveloped Guangdong, China. We assessed if environment during growth had sex-specific associations with lipids and body shape, but not diabetes. Methodology and Principal Findings. We used multivariable regression in a population-based cross-sectional study, undertaken from 1994 to 1996, of 2537 Hong Kong Chinese residents aged 25 to 74 years with clinical measurements of ischaemic heart disease [IHD] risk including HDL-cholesterol, ApoB, diabetes and obesity. Waist-hip ratio was higher (mean difference 0.01, 95% Cl O.001 to 0.02) in men, who had grown up in an economically developed rather than undeveloped environment, as was apolipoprotein B (0.05 g/L 95% Cl 0.001 to 0.10), adjusted for age, socio-economic status and lifestyle. In contrast, the same comparison was associated in women with lower waist-hip ratio (-0.01, 95% Cl -0.001 to -0.02) and higher HDL-cholesterol (0.05 mmol/L, 95% CI 0.0004 to 0.10). The associations in men and women were significantly different (p-values<0.001). There-were no such differences for diabetes. Conclusion. Growth in a developed environment with improved nutrition may promote higher sex-steroids at puberty producing an atherogenic lipid profile and male fat pattern in men but the opposite in women, with tracking of increased male IHD risk into adult life. Copyright: © 2007 Schooling et al. ER  - 
Elevated serum levels of adiponectin in children, adolescents and young adults with type 1 diabetes and the impact of age, gender, body mass index and metabolic control: A longitudinal study; Objective: Adiponectin plays an important role in pathophysiology of obesity, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. The aim of this study was to determine adiponectin concentrations in children and adolescents with type I diabetes in a longitudinal manner and to study the impact of age, gender, body mass index (BMI) and metabolic control. Research design and methods: In this study, 88 children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes were followed longitudinally. At baseline and during follow-up, serum levels of adiponectin were measured by enzyme-linked immunoassay and correlated with clinical data, HbA1c and lipids. Healthy children (n=259) were chosen as a control group. Results: Serum adiponectin levels were significantly higher in children with type 1 diabetes compared with healthy children (13.1 vs 9.1 μg/ml at baseline, P<0.001). Adiponectin concentrations inversely correlated with BMI S.D.S (P<0.001). No significant difference of adiponectin levels regarding gender, diabetes duration or HbA1c was seen. Adiponectin concentrations decreased in males with type 1 diabetes during puberty (P = 0.03) while there was no significant change in females. In a subgroup of patients with new onset type 1 diabetes, adiponectin concentrations were not different from adiponectin levels in control subjects but increased during follow-up (P=0.007). Stepwise multiple regression analysis showed that most important predictors of adiponectin levels in type 1 diabetes at the end of the study were adiponectin concentration at baseline (β=0.574, P<0.001) and BMI S.D.S (β = -0.302, P=0.001, r2=0.56). Conclusions: Children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes have BMI-dependent elevated serum concentrations of adiponectin compared with healthy children. © 2007 Society of the European Journal of Endocrinology. ER  - 
Evaluation of growth and development in patients with Familial Mediterranean Fever; Aim. Chronic diseases are thought to inhibit growth by influencing growth hormone-insulin like growth factor 1 axis. Since Familial Mediterranean Fever is also a chronic disease, this study aimed to assess the progression of growth in children with Familial Mediterranean Fever in detail. Methods. Overall 42 patients with Familial Mediterranean Fever and 42 healthy children were included in this prospective study. Insulin like growth factor 1 levels were studied in all cases. Bone age was determined by X-ray of left hand and wrist. Puberty was evaluated by physical examination via Tanner Staging. Height was measured at 6-month intervals and growth velocity was calculated. Results were compared with the control group and the correlation between variables was investigated. Results. Of the 42 Familial Mediterranean Fever patients (25 females, 17 males) on colchicine treatment, 26 were in prepubertal and 16 were in pubertal period. Mean age was 10.87 ± 3.36 years. The healthy control group consisted of 42 children (19 males, 23 females) of whom 25 were in prepubertal and 17 in pubertal period. Mean age of the control group was 10.36 ± 4.04 years. Growth velocity and insulin like growth factor 1 levels of children with Familial Mediterranean Fever, whose diseases were controlled by colchicine, were not different from age-matched controls. Total colchicine dose showed a positive correlation with height and insulin like growth factor 1 levels, this supporting the idea that colchicine while inhibiting disease activity, does not have a negative effect on growth. Conclusion. Growth of children with Familial Mediterranean Fever, in remission by colchicine treatment, was not different from healthy children of the same age. ER  - 
Role of hemoglobin A1c, duration and puberty on bone mineral density in diabetic children; Background: The aim of the present was to determine bone mineral density (BMD) in type 1 diabetic children and the roles of hemoglobin A1c, disease duration and pubertal stage on BMD changes. Methods: Fifty-eight patients were investigated: 16 had been newly diagnosed (DiabetesNew) and 42 were already on follow up (DiabetesFollow up). BMD of the lumbar vertebrae, HbA1c(HbA1clast), Ca, P, Mg were measured. Mean HbA1c of the previous year (HbA1c1year), the whole duration of diabetes (HbA1cwhole), and diabetic impact index (HbA1c whole × diabetes duration) were calculated in the Diabetes Follow up group. Results: Mean BMD-Z score (-0.61 ± 0.99 g/cm2) of the whole group was significantly lower than zero. Osteopenia was present in 14 (24.1%), and osteoporosis in three (5.2%). HbA1cwhole was the most important determinant effecting BMD-Z (r = -0.35, P < 0.05) with the cut-off for osteopenia and osteoporosis being 9.8% and 12.1%, respectively. The cut-off of diabetes duration for osteopenia was 3.6 years and it was more predictive for osteopenia compared to HbA1c whole. In the DiabetesNew group, the BMD-Z score of the early pubertal group was significantly lower than those in other pubertal groups. Conclusion: BMD is affected in diabetic children, and HbA1c whole and diabetes duration are the most important determinants. Pubertal stage is another determinant of BMD, especially in newly diagnosed patients. © 2007 Japan Padiatric Society. ER  - 
Insulin resistance after precocious pubarche: Relation to PAI-1-675 4G/5G polymorphism, and opposing influences of prenatal and postnatal weight gain; Objective: The common promoter -675 4G/5G insertion/deletion polymorphism (indel) in the plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1) gene has been associated with quantitative components of the metabolic syndrome. We hypothesized that this polymorphism is associated with precocious pubarche (PP), a population known to be at risk for hyperinsulinaemic hyperandrogenism. Design: A cross-sectional, hospital-based study. Patients: A total of 115 control and 182 PP Catalan girls and young women. Measurements: Subjects were genotyped for the -675 4G/5G indel in the PAI-1 gene. Insulin resistance and insulin secretion were estimated by the homeostasis model assessment. Results: Genotype frequencies for the PAI-1-675 4G/5G indel (4G4G, 4G5G and 5G5G) were similar in control and PP subjects (24% vs. 27%, 50% vs. 47%, and 26% vs. 26%, respectively; P = 0.85) and these frequencies were in Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium. The 5G allele, however, was associated with insulin resistance in both postmenarcheal control and PP subjects (P < 0.01 for pooled postmenarcheal subjects, N = 122). The coexistence with the at-risk genotype of both a low birthweight (standard deviation score, SDS < -1.0) and a high body mass index (BMI) at time of the study (SDS > +1.0) resulted in a noteworthy increase (P < 0.001) in insulin resistance. Conclusion: The common promoter -675 4G/5G indel of the PAI-1 gene is not associated with PP but, in Catalan young women, the 5G allele enhances the risk for insulin resistance imposed by the sequence of a low birth weight (LBW) and a high BMI. © 2007 The Authors. ER  - 
Comparison of leptin levels, body composition and insulin sensitivity and secretion by OGTT in healthy, early pubertal girls born at either appropriate- or small-for-gestational age; Background: Small for gestational age (SGA) has been associated with decreased insulin sensitivity (IS). A possible mechanism is the postnatal development of a metabolically disadvantageous body composition (BC). Aim: To determine whether there are differences between IS and BC in girls in early puberty who were SGA (birth weight < 10th percentile) or appropriate for gestational age (AGA, 10th-90th percentile). Methods: Age-matched (SGA/AGA) early pubertal girls (Tanner II) were recruited from local schools. We determined waist circumference (WC), the sum of four skinfolds (S4S), and per cent fat mass (fat %) by impedanciometry. Leptin and OGTT assays were performed. The insulinogenic index (I-In), HOMA-IR (homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance) and WBISI (whole body insulin sensitivity) were calculated. Results: Median age (interquartile range) for 30 SGA and 35 AGA girls was 10.2 (1.1) vs. 9.8 (0.9), respectively (P = NS). BMI percentiles were 62.6 (56) vs. 67.4 (39); WC 60.5 (9.5) vs. 62.2 (6.5) cm; S4S 52 (30) vs. 52.2 (29.5) cm, and fat % [26.2 (6.7) vs. 28.5 (6.3)] was similar in both groups. SGA girls had higher leptin levels [15.4 (9.7) vs. 9.6 (11) ng/ml; P = 0.01] and I-In [2.05 (1.86) vs. 1.47 (1.27) μU/ml* mg/dl; P = 0.02]. No differences between HOMA-IR [2.07 (1.26) vs. 2.04 (1.4)] and WBISI [5.3 (3.3) vs. 5.1 (3.1)] were found between groups. Conclusion: The higher leptin level and I-In in girls born SGA at the beginning of puberty may be early indicators of an underlying subtle degree of insulin resistance, despite similar BMI and BC to AGA girls. © 2007 The Authors. ER  - 
Tobacco, alcohol, and illicit drug use in adolescents with diabetes mellitus; Background: Substance abuse in adolescents with diabetes mellitus (DM) is associated with the development of acute and chronic complications. Objective: To determine the prevalence of alcohol, tobacco, and illicit drug consumption in adolescents with DM and compare it with the prevalence in a large contemporary control (C) group. Methods: Adolescents with and without DM, who were attending 8th-12th grades, answered a structured written questionnaire, which evaluates the voluntary declaration of tobacco, alcohol, and illicit drug consumption. Subjects with DM were recruited from free diabetes camps or public hospitals (n = 93). The C group was obtained from a nationwide study of prevalence of substance abuse (n =58 489). For illicit drugs (marijuana, cocaine, or cocaine sulfate), results are shown as life prevalence (ever used the substance). For alcohol and tobacco, results are shown as last month prevalence (the substance was used during the last month). Results: Adolescents with DM showed a lower last month prevalence of tobacco and alcohol consumption than C (27.7 vs. 39.0%, p < 0.01 and 30.1 vs. 39.2%, p < 0.01, respectively). DM group had a lower life prevalence rate of illicit drugs than C group (9.6 vs. 22.2%, respectively; p < 0.01). A lower prevalence of tobacco, alcohol, and illicit drug use in DM group compared with C group was observed in grades 8, 9, and 10. However, a similar frequency of consumption was observed in 11th and 12th grades. Conclusion: Compared with healthy youth, DM patients use less tobacco, alcohol, and illicit drugs during the first years of adolescence but not later. © 2007 The Authors Journal compilation © 2007 Blackwell Munksgaard. ER  - 
Clinical and economic burden of infused iron chelation therapy in the United States; BACKGROUND: Patients requiring chronic blood transfusions are at risk for iron overload, which, if not treated by iron chelation therapy (ICT), can create serious organ damage and reduce life expectancy. Current ICT requires burdensome 8- to 12-hour infusions five to seven times per week. STUDY DESIGN AND METHODS: A naturalistic study of the burden of infused ICT was conducted in four US centers. Data from the initial and most recent years of ICT were collected from medical charts of consenting thalassemia (n = 40) and sickle cell disease (n = 9) patients. Quality of life (QoL), treatment satisfaction, and ICT-related resource utilization data were also collected from a patient interview. RESULTS: Mean serum ferritin levels during the initial (2519 ± 1382 ng/mL) and most recent (2741 ± 2532 ng/mL) years remained unacceptably high and increased over time (306 ± 2200 ng/mL; mean of 20± years of therapy). Within 30 days before interview, 55 percent of patients suffered at least one ICT-related adverse event; 76 percent missed at least one dose. QoL, measured by the SF-36, and treatment satisfaction appear compromised in this cohort. Although total annual costs of ICT were estimated at USD $30,000 to $35,000, drug accounted for only 50 to 60 percent of this amount. CONCLUSIONS: Infused ICT may not provide adequate effectiveness in the real world. High ferritin levels seem to be associated with ICT noncompliance, likely in relation to the bothersome mode of administration and side effects. The total cost of ICT appears to well exceed that of drug alone. © 2007 American Association of Blood Banks. ER  - 
Insulin-like factor 3 levels in cord blood and serum from children: Effects of age, postnatal hypothalamic-pituitary-gonadal axis activation, and cryptorchidism; Context: The Leydig cell hormone insulin-like factor 3 (INSL3) is important for testicular descent. Currently INSL3 levels in cord blood, in serum throughout childhood, and in relation to congenital cryptorchidism are unknown. Objective: The objective of the study was to characterize INSL3 levels in cord blood during the postnatal activation of the hypothalamic-pituitary-gonadal axis and in later childhood in normal boys and girls and cryptorchid boys. Design and Participants: Serum from 267 3-month-old boys of a prospective study with standardized cryptorchidism classification was analyzed for INSL3 (of these, 99 also had cord blood samples). Testicular position was known in 151 controls and 54 transiently cryptorchid and 62 persistently cryptorchid subjects. Eight infant girls, 26 boys (4.1-10.1 yr), and 13 girls (3.7-8.7 yr) were also included. Outcome Measure: INSL3, age, testicular position, LH, and testosterone were measured. Results: INSL3 levels were significantly higher (P < 0.001) in cord blood and 3-month-old boys as compared with older prepubertal boys. At 3 months of age, INSL3 correlated significantly with LH in healthy boys. Cord blood INSL3 was significantly reduced in persistently cryptorchid boys (P = 0.001), and 3-month-old persistently cryptorchid boys had a significantly increased LH to INSL3 ratio (P = 0.014). INSL3 was unmeasurable in girls at all ages. Conclusions: In boys, early postnatal INSL3 is markedly higher as compared with later childhood, presumably because it is stimulated by the transient postnatal LH peak. INSL3 was unmeasurable in girls at all ages. Reduced cord blood INSL3 and an increased LH to INSL3 ratio at 3 months of age in persistently cryptorchid boys suggest impaired Leydig cell function in cryptorchid boys already in the perinatal period. Copyright © 2007 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Persisting benefits 12-18 months after discontinuation of pubertal metformin therapy in low birthweight girls; Background: Discontinuation of metformin therapy, if started beyond menarche in adolescents or young women with hyperinsulinaemia following low birthweight, is rapidly followed by rebound deteriorations in body fat, insulin resistance and blood lipid profile. Objective: We hypothesized that early commencement of metformin and its continuation throughout puberty might have more persisting benefits. Patients and measurements: We followed up on a previously reported randomized study cohort at 12 months and 18 months after treatment discontinuation, including body composition by absorptiometry, fasting insulin, glucose and blood lipids. In that open-labelled, prospective study, 22 low birthweight girls with early normal puberty (Stage 2 breast development at age 8-9 years) were randomized to remain untreated (N = 12] or to receive metformin (850 mg/day; N = 10) for 36 months (between time -36 months to 0 month). Results: The significant improvements previously reported at the end of the 36-month active treatment period in per cent body fat, abdominal fat mass, fasting insulin sensitivity, high density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol and triglyceride levels all persisted at follow-up 12 months after treatment discontinuation. Further anthropometry at 18 months off therapy confirmed the persistence of benefits in height, body mass index (BMI) and waist circumference in the previously metformin-exposed girls. Conclusion: In low birth weight girls with early normal onset of puberty, metformin treatment for 3 years across puberty resulted in auxological, endocrine and metabolic benefits that persisted for at least 1 year after metformin withdrawal. Further follow-up and longer-term studies are needed to explore the possibility that insulin sensitization therapy during puberty might reprogramme predisposition to metabolic disease. © 2007 The Authors. ER  - 
Growth pattern and final height after cessation of gonadotropin-suppressive therapy in girls with central sexual precocity; Objective: The objective of the study was to determine whether height gain after discontinuation of gonadotropin-suppressive (GnRHa) therapy differs in girls with sexual precocity diagnosed at various ages and assess its influence on final height (FHt) outcome. Design: We compared data on post-GnRHa treatment course and FHt of 115 girls [22 diagnosed before chronological age of 6 yr; 38 between ages 6 and 8 yr; and 55 early fast puberty (EFP) between ages 8 and 9 yr] treated with GnRHa from Tanner stage 2-3 to chronological age 11-12 yr and bone age 12-12.5 yr. Results: Despite comparable bone age at cessation of treatment, similar time to resumption of puberty (0.6 ± 0.7, 0.5 ± 0.7, and 0.5 ± 0.7 yr), and age at menarche (12.6 ± 0.5, 12.6 ± 0.6, and 12.7 ± 0.9 yr), height gain from cessation of therapy to FHt was greater and time to epiphyseal fusion was longer in the younger central precocious puberty (CPP) than in the older CPP (P < 0.05) and EFP (P < 0.001) groups. The percentage of residual growth predicted at discontinuation of treatment was achieved only by the younger CPP (6.6 ± 1.6% vs. 6.7 ± 1.6%), whereas in older CPP and EFP, it was significantly lower (6.2 ± 1.6% vs. 4.6 ± 2.7% and 6.3 ± 1.5% vs. 3.6 ± 1.5%, respectively). FHt of these two groups was compromised, compared with FHt predicted at discontinuation of treatment (P < 0.01 and P < 0.001, respectively). Conclusions: Girls with sexual precocity diagnosed after the age of 6 yr exhibit earlier epiphyseal fusion with diminished posttreatment height gain and compromised FHt. Because recovery of gonadal axis was similar in all girls, differences were probably due to pretreatment intrinsic changes in the growth plate. Prediction of residual growth at discontinuation of treatment is unreliable in these girls. Copyright © 2007 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Reduced 11β-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 1 activity in obese boys; Objective: The incidence of childhood obesity and type 2 diabetes has reached epidemic proportions. Glucocorticoid excess causes central obesity and diabetes mellitus as seen in Cushing's syndrome. The 11β-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 1 enzyme (11β-HSD1) regenerates active cortisol from inactive cortisone. Altered 11β-HSD1 may cause tissue-specific Cushing's syndrome with central obesity and impaired glucose homeostasis. Design, patients, and methods: Clinical and laboratory characteristics, and anthropometric measurements were determined in 15 male and 6 female obese pubertal children (aged 12-18 years, Tanner stages 2-5). In addition, analyses of 24-h excretion rates of glucocorticoids were also performed in 21 age-, sex-, and pubertal stage-matched non-obese children using gas chromatographic-mass spectrometric (GC-MS) analysis. Results: 11β-HSDI activity (urinary tetrahydrocortisol (THF)+5α-THF/ tetrahydrocortisone (THE) ratio) was lower in obese when compared with non-obese boys. In addition, obese children had a higher total cortisol metabolite excretion than non-obese children. 11β-HSD1 activity was significantly related to age in lean and obese children. Standard deviation score (SDS)-body mass index did not correlate with 11β-HSD1 activity, or with total cortisol metabolite excretion within each group. In obese children, 11β-HSD1 activity and total cortisol metabolite excretion showed no correlation to waist-to-hip ratio, fat mass (percentage of body mass), or the homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance index. Conclusions: In conclusion, our findings strongly suggest that 11β-HSD1 activity increases with age, and is reduced in obese boys. In addition, obese children have a higher total cortisol metabolites excretion suggesting a stimulated hypothalamus-pituitary-adrenal axis. © 2007 Society of the European Journal of Endocrinology. ER  - 
What are the benefits of the use of glargine in functional intensive insulin therapy in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus?; Background. To evaluate the usefulness of glargine in functional intensive insulin therapy (FIT) in children and adolescents with DMT1. Material and methods. 70 children (36 boys and 34 girls) of mean age 12.03 ± 2.5 years with mean diabetes duration 3.35 ± 2.19 years were followed up. Glargine was substituted for NPH in children treated with multiple daily injections who experienced: insufficient metabolic control of diabetes, recurrent hypoglycaemic episodes, considerable dawn phenomenon or excessive diurnal fluctuations of glycaemia. Results. The 1-year assessment of treatment with glargine was carried out in two groups: Group 1 - prepubertal children and Group 2 - pubertal and older children. In both groups there was a statistically significant reduction of mean blood glucose levels at bedtime [Group 1: 129 ± 27 mg/dl vs. 112 ± 25 mg/dl (P = 0.001), Group 2: 128 ± 24 mg/dl vs. 117 ± 20 mg/dl (P = 0.001)] and at 3 am [Group 1: 116 ± ±36 mg/dl vs. 90 ± 22 mg/dl (P < 0.05), Group 2: 143 ± ± 47 mg/dl vs. 90 ± 25 mg/dl (P < 0.001)]. In Group 2 a significant reduction of mean fasting glycaemia was noted [125 ± 27 mg/dl vs. 117 ± 17 mg/dl (P < 0.05)]. In consequence the significant reduction of HbA1c was also observed (6.91 ± 0.77% vs. 6.59 ± 0.65% (P < 0.05) and 7.44 ± 1.26% vs. 7.18 ± 1.58% (P = 0.001) respectively in groups). No significant changes but trends towards decreasing the numbers of severe and mild hypoglycaemic episodes were presented. Moreover BMI, daily insulin requirement and long-acting insulin requirement did not change. Conclusions. Treatment with glargine seems to offer better practical improvement of the glycaemic profile and considerably expands the options for safe and effective insulin therapy. Glargine-based FIT could look up metabolic control in diabetic children irrespective of the child's age and baseline control. Copyright © 2007 Via Medica. ER  - 
The role of gonadotropin releasing hormone in normal and pathologic endocrine processes; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Gonadotropin releasing hormone is the hypothalamic hormone that activates pituitary gonadotropin production and, ultimately, determines reproductive competence. This review will highlight advances in the basic biology of the gonadotropin releasing hormone neuron that give insight into disorders of pubertal development, and clinical studies with gonadotropin releasing hormone analogs in infertility and prostate cancer treatment. RECENT FINDINGS: Factors that control gonadotropin releasing hormone neuronal migration such as fibroblast growth factor receptor-1 and others that modulate secretion at puberty including kisspeptin/G-protein-coupled receptor 54 have been identified. Mutations in these pathways cause disorders during puberty. Clinical trials have defined the utility of gonadotropin releasing hormone agonists and antagonists for ovulation induction, and the effects of long-term administration for prostate cancer. SUMMARY: Research into the role of the fibroblast growth factor receptor-1 and kisspeptin/G-protein-coupled receptor 54 pathways in gonadotropin releasing hormone neuronal development may identify the molecular defects in idiopathic hypogonadotropic hypogonadism and refine our understanding of normal negative and positive feedback by sex steroids. Clarification of the advantages and disadvantages of gonadotropin releasing hormone analog use in ovulation induction may improve the cost and success of infertility treatment. Insight into long-term effects of gonadotropin releasing hormone analogs in prostate cancer may lead to directed therapies to combat these consequences. Together these studies outline effects of modulation of gonadotropin releasing hormone in normal and pathophysiologic states. © 2007 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc. ER  - 
Predicting metabolic control in the first 5 yr after diagnosis for youths with type 1 diabetes: The role of ethnicity and family structure; The primary purpose of this study was to determine if there were differences in trajectories of metabolic control between African American and White youth with type 1 diabetes in the first 5 yr after diagnosis. A secondary purpose was to investigate other sociodemographic variables that often covary with race/ethnicity such as number of parents in the home and family income to determine if they predicted trajectories of metabolic control in youth with diabetes over and above the effects of ethnicity. A convenience sample of 71 youth was recruited. Multilevel modeling was used to estimate the population trajectory and to investigate the contribution of other variables. Differences in metabolic control between African American and White youth began shortly after diagnosis and continued to accelerate well beyond the point of diagnosis. However, subsequent analysis showed that deterioration in metabolic control could equally well be explained by living in a single-parent household. At 24 months postdiagnosis, the metabolic control in youth from single-parent families worsened almost three times as fast as that in youth from two-parent families (0.11 vs. 0.04%/month). The difference in hemoglobin A1c level at 24 months was 1.34% (p = .007). Neither family income nor clinical variables such as child' age, Tanner stage, or body mass index was significant predictor of metabolic control. Diabetes care providers should consider developing targeted interventions such as parent social support resources or school-based youth monitoring programs for youth in single-parent families. © 2007 The Authors Journal compilation. ER  - 
Association of the GAA1013→GAG polymorphism of the insulin-like growth factor-1 receptor (IGF1R) gene with premature pubarche; Objective: A single-nucleotide polymorphism (SNP), the G variant in codon 1013 (GAA1013→GAG) of the insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) receptor (IGFIR) gene, has been associated with higher IGF-1 concentrations in Caucasian subjects. Because elevated serum levels of IGF-1 have been described in children with premature pubarche (PP) and in adolescent girls with hyperandrogenism, we tested the a priori hypothesis that the frequency of the A→G variant would be overrepresented among children with PP. Design: Case-control association study. Setting: University-based pediatric endocrinology practice. Patient(s): Sixty-nine children (63 girls and 6 boys) with PP, 52 adolescent girls with hyperandrogenism, and 92 healthy subjects. Intervention(s): Blood was obtained for genotype analysis, glucose measurement, and hormone (A, insulin, 17-hydroxyprogesterone, and T) determinations. Main Outcome Measure(s): Frequency of the SNP in the IGF1R gene and correlation of this SNP with hormone concentrations. Result(s): Distribution of the G allele was statistically significantly different between the children with PP and the healthy control subjects, independent of insulin sensitivity. Conclusion(s): This common SNP in the IGF1R gene may be associated with PP caused by premature adrenarche in children. Because PP has been associated with higher IGF-1 concentrations, these data suggest a potential molecular basis for prior clinical observations of elevated IGF-1 concentrations in children with PP. © 2007 American Society for Reproductive Medicine. ER  - 
Low cardiorespiratory fitness is a strong predictor for clustering of cardiovascular disease risk factors in children independent of country, age and sex; BACKGROUND AND DESIGN: Few studies have investigated the association between maximal cardiorespiratory capacity (fitness) and the clustered cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk in children and youth from culturally diverse countries. This cross-sectional study examined the association between fitness and clustered CVD risk in children and adolescents from three European countries. METHODS: Participants were 2845 randomly selected school children aged 9 or 15 years from Portugal (n=944), Denmark (n=849) and Estonia (n=1052). Cardiorespiratory fitness was determined during a maximal test on a cycle ergometer. CVD risk factors selected to assess the degree of clustering were the total cholesterol/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio, plasma triglycerides, insulin resistance (homeostasis model assessment), sum of four skinfolds, and systolic blood pressure. RESULTS: There was a strong association between cardiorespiratory fitness and the clustering of CVD risk factors. The odds ratios for clustering in each quartile of fitness, using the quartile with the highest fitness as reference, were 13.0 [95% confidence interval (CI) 8.8-19.1]; 4.8 (95% CI 3.2-7.1) and 2.5 (95% CI 1.6-3.8), respectively, after adjusting for country, age, sex, socio-economic status, pubertal stage, family history of CVD and diabetes. In stratified analyses by age group, sex and country, similar strong patterns were observed. CONCLUSION: Low cardiorespiratory fitness is strongly associated with the clustering of CVD risk factors in children independent of country, age and sex. © 2007 European Society of Cardiology. ER  - 
Determinants of early atherosclerosis in obese children and adolescents; Context: Obesity in childhood is associated with an increased mortality due to cardiovascular (CV) diseases in adulthood, independent of adult weight. Recent studies in children indicate that the atherosclerosis process starts at an early age and is linked to obesity. Objective: The aim of the study was to investigate determinants of increased carotid intima-media thickness (IMT), an early marker of atherosclerosis, in obese children. Design: A total of 104 obese children [age, 12.7 ± 0.2 yr; body mass index (BMI)-z-score, 2.8 ± 0.7] underwent an oral glucose tolerance test. Fasting levels of glucose, insulin, C-reactive protein and adhesion molecules (sICAM, sVCAM, sE-selectin), lipid profile, adiponectin, and resistin were determined. IMT was measured by ultrasound. Insulin resistance was estimated by the homeostatic model assessment index. Baseline measurements of blood parameters were obtained from 93 nonobese children (age, 13.0 ± 0.2 yr; BMI-z-score, -0.2 ± 0.9), and IMT was measured in 23 other control children with similar characteristics. Results: Univariate analysis showed a significant positive correlation between IMT and relative BMI, the degree of systolic hypertension, fasting insulin levels, homeostatic model assessment-R index, and resistin concentrations, whereas an inverse correlation with adiponectin levels was found. No correlation was obtained between IMT and classical CV risk factors such as positive familial history of type 2 diabetes or precocious CV disease, visceral obesity, or the lipid profile. C-reactive protein and adhesion molecule levels were not associated with IMT in our obese population. When controlled for sex, Tanner stage, and relative BMI, only adiponectin levels remained an independent determinant of IMT. Conclusion: Adiponectin more than conventional CV risk factors and inflammation status may be related to early atherosclerosis in obese children. Copyright © 2007 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Improvement in growth after two years of growth hormone therapy in very young children born small for gestational age and without spontaneous catch-up growth: Results of a multicenter, controlled, randomized, open clinical trial; Context: GH treatment is effective in children born small for gestational age (SGA); however, its effectiveness and safety in very young SGA children is unknown. Objective: The aim was to analyze the outcome of very young SGA children treated with GH and followed for 2 yr. The results after 24 months of treatment, compared with a control group without treatment during 12 months followed by 12 months of treatment, are shown. Design: We performed a multicenter, controlled, randomized, open trial. Settings: The pediatric endocrinology departments of 14 public hospitals in Spain participated in the study. Patients: Seventy-six children, aged 2-5 yr born SGA and without catch-up growth, were studied. Intervention: Children received GH at 0.06 mg/kg·d for 2 yr (group I) or were followed for 12 months with no treatment and then treated for 12 months (group II). Main Outcome Measures: Age, general health status, pubertal stage, bone age, height, weight, biochemical and hormonal analyses, and adverse side effects were determined at biannual check-ups. Results: The mean height SD score gain for chronological age in children treated for 24 months (group I) was 2.10, whereas in those treated only during the last 12 months (group II) was 1.43. In both groups, children under 4 yr of age had the greatest gain in growth velocity. No significant acceleration of bone age or side effects related to treatment was seen. Conclusion: Very young SGA children without spontaneous catch-up growth could benefit from GH treatment because growth was accelerated and no negative side effects were observed. Copyright © 2007 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Serum sex hormone-binding globulin levels in healthy children and girls with precocious puberty before and during gonadotropin-releasing hormone agonist treatment; Context: The regulation of SHBG is complex and influenced by sex steroids and insulin. Objective: Our objective was to describe serum levels and evaluate determinants of SHBG levels in healthy children and in girls with central precocious puberty (CPP) before and during GnRH analog (GnRHa) treatment. Design: We conducted a cross-sectional study on healthy subjects and a 2-yr longitudinal study in girls with CPP. Setting: The study took place at a tertiary referral center for pediatric endocrinology. Participants/Patients: A total of 903 healthy schoolchildren served as healthy subjects, and 25 girls with precocious/early puberty participated. Interventions: Girls with CPP were treated with the long-acting GnRHa triptorelin. Results: SHBG levels declined with increasing age in both sexes until adulthood. In healthy children, SHBG was significantly negatively correlated with testosterone, estradiol, dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate, and body mass index (BMI) in boys (total model R2 = 0.71) but only with dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate and BMI in girls (total model R2 = 0.26). Body fat percentage was significantly negatively correlated with SHBG levels (P < 0.001) in both boys (R 2 = 0.18) and girls (R2 = 0.23). Girls with CPP had significantly lower pretreatment SHBG levels compared with age-matched controls [SHBG SD score, -1.29 (-4.48; 0.01)], which declined even further during GnRHa treatment [-2.75 (-5.9; 0.53); P < 0.001]. Even after adjustment for BMI and pubertal stage, girls with CPP had lower SHBG levels (P < 0.001) compared with healthy controls. Conclusions: SHBG levels were strongly dependent on body composition and sex steroid levels in children with normal and precocious puberty. Studies on insulin sensitivity and SHBG in puberty are needed to better understand the interaction between body composition and gonadal maturation. Copyright © 2007 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Adiponectin receptor 1 variants associated with lower insulin resistance in African Americans; Adiponectin has been shown to have a role in insulin resistance. However, little is known about the contribution of genetic variation in the adiponectin receptor 1 gene (ADIPOR1) in this regard. We hypothesized that variation in ADIPOR1 would be associated with significant changes in insulin resistance and tested this hypothesis in a cohort of 483 African-American adolescents. Seven single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) of ADIPOR1 spanning from the promoter to the 3'-untranslated region were genotyped. We analyzed single SNPs and haplotypes for associations with insulin resistance [homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR)] in the full cohort as well as lean (BMI < 85%) and non-lean (BMI ≥ 85%) subsets. There was no evidence of ADIPOR1 variant effects on HOMA-IR in the full cohort or in the lean subset. However, in the non-lean subset, SNP +5843 (A allele), and haplotypes including SNPs -8505/-5692/+3002/+5843 (ATTA and AGTG) showed significant associations with decreased HOMA-IR after adjustment for sex, puberty, adiponectin, and waist z-score. Our findings suggest not only that ADIPOR1 variants influence insulin resistance in the presence of adiposity, but also that these variants and haplotypes are protective in African Americans. Copyright © 2007 NAASO. ER  - 
Amylin and its relation to insulin and lipids in obese children before and after weight loss; Objective: There are limited data concerning the relationships between amylin, weight status, lipids, insulin, and insulin resistance in obese humans. Therefore, the aim was to study these relationships in cross-sectional and longitudinal analyses. Research Methods and Procedures: Fasting amylin, insulin, glucose, triglycerides, low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-and high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol, and percentage body fat based on skinfold measurements were determined in 37 obese children (median age, 11.5 years) and compared with 16 lean children of the same age and gender. Furthermore, we analyzed the changes of these variables in the obese children after participating in a one-year weight loss intervention program. Results: Obese children had significantly (p < 0.01) higher amylin, triglycerides, LDL-cholesterol, and insulin levels as compared with the lean children. In multiple linear regression analysis, amylin was significantly (p < 0.05) correlated to insulin and triglycerides, but not to age, gender, pubertal stage, or BMI. Changes of amylin correlated significantly (p < 0.001) to changes of insulin (r = 0.54) and triglycerides (r = 0.49), but not to changes of BMI or percentage body fat. Substantial weight loss in 17 children led to a significant (p < 0.05) decrease of amylin, triglycerides, and insulin, in contrast to the 20 children without substantial weight loss. Conclusion: Amylin levels were related to insulin concentrations in both cross-sectional and longitudinal analyses, suggesting a relationship between amylin and insulin secretion. Amylin levels were reversibly increased in obesity and related to triglyceride concentrations. Copyright © 2007 NAASO. ER  - 
The prevalence of diabetes in children and adolescents of Beijing; OBJECTIVE: To study the prevalence of Diabetes mellitus (DM) in children and adolescents and to describe the characteristics on age, gender and district distribution of schoolchildren, in Beijing. METHODS: A cross-sectional screening program the fasting capillary blood glucose (FCBG) was carried out in 19,593 schoolchildren in 7 areas of Beijing from March to October, 2004. According to the WHO diagnostic criteria: DM was set as FCBG < or = 6.1 mmol/L, impaired fasting glucose (IFG) was set as 5.6 mmol/L < or = FCBG < 6.1 mmol/L. RESULTS: The total aggregate age-adjusted prevalence rates of DM and IFG were 5.7 per thousand and 13.5 per thousand, respectively. The prevalence rates of DM and IFG in males were significantly higher than that in females (7.7 per thousand vs. 3.6 per thousand and 26.8 per thousand vs. 11.3 per thousand. DM X2 = 12.27, P = 0.0005; IFG X2 =47.29, P = 0.0000). Among seven districts, East District had the highest prevalence rates of DM and IFG, 8.9 per thousand and 27.4 per thousand (companied high obesity 28.68%) while Ping-Gu District having the lowest ones as 2.0 per thousand and 7.5 per thousand (obese 12.75%) respectively (X2 = 13.75, and X2 = 32.65, P = 0.0002 and P < 0.0001). The DM prevalence rates between districts ranged from 2.0 per thousand to 8.9 per thousand, X2 = 18.94, P = 0.004 and the IFG prevalence of districts ranged from 7.5 per thousand to 27.4 per thousand (X2 = 52.05, P < 0.0001). The prevalence rates of DM among different age groups increased with age, with the highest prevalence of IFG on the 10-14 age group. Among boys, the highest prevalence rates of DM and IFG fell in the 15-18 and 10-14 age groups respectively while the highest prevalence rates on both DM and IFG among girls were in the same age group 10-14. CONCLUSION: The high prevalence rates on DM and IFG were seen in Beijing and showed significant discrimination on age, gender and district distribution. More developed urban district and males had a higher prevalence, companied by higher obesity prevalence. Age seemed to be a high risk factor on DM for boys while the puberty development seemed a high risk factor for girls. ER  - 
Markers of insulin resistance are associated with fatness and fitness in school-aged children: The European Youth Heart Study; Aims/hypothesis: Our aim was to examine the association between markers of insulin resistance and: (1) body fat and waist circumference, taking into account cardiorespiratory fitness in school-aged children; and (2) cardiorespiratory fitness at differing levels of body fat and waist circumference. Subjects and methods: This was a cross-sectional study of 873 children aged 9.6±0.4 years from Estonia and Sweden. Weight, height and waist circumference were measured. Body fat was expressed as the sum of five skinfold thicknesses. Cardiorespiratory fitness was estimated by a maximal cycle-ergometer test. The studied markers of insulin resistance were fasting insulin and glucose, and homeostasis model assessment (HOMA). Results: HOMA and fasting insulin were positively associated with body fat and waist circumference after adjusting for cardiorespiratory fitness, age, pubertal status and study location. HOMA and fasting insulin were negatively associated with cardiorespiratory fitness in children in the third (highest) tertile of body fat and waist circumference after controlling for sex, age, pubertal status and study location. Fasting glucose was negatively associated with cardiorespiratory fitness in children in the third (highest) tertile of waist circumference, but it was not associated when body fat was taken into account. Conclusions/ interpretation: In school-aged children, HOMA and fasting insulin are significantly associated with body fat and waist circumference. In addition, cardiorespiratory fitness explains a significant proportion of the HOMA and fasting insulin variance in those children with high levels of body fat and waist circumference. The findings suggest that the deleterious consequences ascribed to high fatness could be counteracted by having high levels of cardiorespiratory fitness. © 2007 Springer-Verlag. ER  - 
Body composition in young female adults with type 1 diabetes mellitus. A prospective case-control study; Aims: Overweight is common during late puberty in female patients with Type 1 diabetes. The aim of this study was to examine the change in body composition from late puberty to early adulthood in such female patients in comparison with age-matched control subjects. Methods: Eighteen females with Type 1 diabetes and 19 healthy female control subjects were recruited for a case-control study at the age of 16-19 years (baseline). Six years later, 16 of the diabetic females and 17 of the control subjects were re-examined (follow-up). Body composition was assessed by dual energy X-ray absorptiometry. Results: Body mass index (BMI) and fat mass index (total fat mass/height2) were significantly higher at baseline in the diabetic patients than in the control subjects (26.4 ± 2.6 vs. 23.9 ± 3.7 kg/m2, P < 0.05, and 10.0 ± 2.4 vs. 8.0 ± 2.8 kg/m2, P = 0.04, respectively). At follow-up, these parameters still tended to be higher in the diabetic group (27.8 ± 4.9 vs. 24.6 ± 5.7 kg/m2, P = 0.09, and 11.8 ± 5.6 vs. 8.7 ± 4.9 kg/m2, P = 0.05, respectively). BMI at baseline was strongly correlated to BMI at follow-up in both diabetic patients (r = 0.60; P < 0.05) and control subjects (r = 0.83; P < 0.01). Conclusions: Increased fat mass in pubertal girls with Type 1 diabetes seems to persist in young adulthood. This study emphasizes the need for new strategies to prevent the development of overweight during puberty in diabetic girls. © 2007 The Authors. ER  - 
Growth and growth hormone therapy in subjects with mulibrey nanism; OBJECTIVES. Mulibrey nanism is a monogenic disorder with prenatal-onset growth restriction, mild dysmorphic features, and a strong tendency for insulin resistance but no major neurologic handicap. Growth hormone therapy has been shown to promote short-term growth in children born small for gestational age, but the experience with long-term therapy is insufficient. Growth in patients with mulibrey nanism has not been analyzed previously in detail. METHODS. We evaluated the natural growth pattern and long-term impact of growth hormone treatment in the largest cohort of subjects with mulibrey nanism to date. The study included 72 living subjects followed up to 30 years. Thirty (18 female) were treated with recombinant human growth hormone for a median period of 5.7 years. Patients were reviewed at baseline and every 6 to 12 months during the therapy. Evaluation included assessment of height, weight, and pubertal status and laboratory analyses. Glucose metabolism was evaluated by oral glucosetolerance test. RESULTS. The patients were born small for gestational age with immature craniofacial features. They experienced a continuous deceleration in height (median decrement of 1.1 SDS) and weight for height (median reduction of 17%) in infancy followed by an incomplete catch-up growth lasting up to school age. The final adult height averaged 136 cm in girls and 150 cm in boys. Growth hormone treatment improved the prepubertal growth but had only little impact on adult height (+5 cm). The treated subjects showed earlier bone maturation and growth arrest but not a significant increase in insulin resistance. On the contrary, the subjects who were treated with growth hormone were slimmer and had less metabolic syndrome as young adults. CONCLUSIONS. The patients with mulibrey nanism showed a distinct postnatal growth pattern. The growth hormone treatment was safe and induced a good short-term effect, but the impact on the adult height remained modest. Copyright © 2007 by the American Academy of Pediatrics. ER  - 
Endocrine abnormalities in patients with fanconi anemia; Background: Fanconi anemia (FA) is an inherited disorder with chromosomal instability, bone marrow failure, developmental defects, and a predisposition to cancer. Systematic and comprehensive endocrine function data in FA are limited. Objective: We studied a cohort of FA patients enrolled in the National Cancer Institute's Inherited Bone Marrow Failure Syndrome study. Study Design and Patients: Retrospective review of the medical records of 45 FA patients (ages 2-49 yr), 23 of whom were intensively evaluated at the National Institutes of Health. Anthropometric measurements, GH, IGF-I, IGF binding protein-3, thyroid, gonadal hormone, lipid levels, glucose homeostasis, brain imaging, and bone mineral density were obtained in these latter patients. Results: Endocrine abnormalities were present in 73%, including short stature and/or GH deficiency (51%), hypothyroidism (37%), midline brain abnormalities (17%) (these patients had very short stature and 60% were GH-deficient); abnormal glucose/insulin metabolism (39%); obesity (27%); dyslipidemia (55%); and metabolic syndrome (21%). Patients with any endocrine abnormality were shorter than those without; only GH deficiency correlated significantly with short stature (P = 0.01). In addition, 65% of peripubertal or postpubertal patients had gonadal dysfunction. Ninety-two percent of the patients 18 yr or older had osteopenia or osteoporosis. Conclusions: Endocrine dysfunction is widespread in children and adults with FA; we expand the FA phenotype to include early onset osteopenia/osteoporosis and lipid abnormalities. Despite the reputation of FA as a progressive, lethal disease, proper management of the full spectrum of FA-related endocrinopathy offers major opportunities to reduce morbidity and improve quality of life. Our findings emphasize the need for comprehensive endocrine and metabolic evaluation and long-term follow-up in patients with FA. Copyright © 2007 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Predictors of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in obese children; Objective: To evaluate predictors of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in obese children. Design: Cross-sectional study. Subjects: Two hundred and sixty-eight obese children not consuming alcohol and without hepatitis B or C were consecutively studied at an auxology clinic. Measurements: Alanine aminotransferase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), gamma-glutamyl-transferase (GGT), cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol, triglycerides, uric acid, glucose, glucose during oral glucose tolerance testing (OGTT), insulin, insulin during OGTT, insulin resistance as estimated by homeostasis model assessment (HOMA), C-reactive protein (CRP), and systolic and diastolic blood pressure were measured. Fatty liver was diagnosed by ultrasonography using standard criteria. Univariable and multivariable logistic regression was used to evaluate predictors of NAFLD. All predictors except gender and pubertal status were modeled as continuous variables. Results: NAFLD was detected in 44% of obese children. At univariable analysis, male gender, Z-score of body mass index (BMI) (Z-BMI), ALT, AST, GGT, triglycerides, uric acid, glucose, glucose during OGTT, insulin, insulin during OGTT, HOMA, CRP and systolic blood pressure were predictors of NAFLD, whereas HDL-cholesterol and late-pubertal status were predictors of the normal liver. At multivariable analysis, however, only Z-BMI, ALT, uric acid, glucose during OGTT and insulin during OGTT were independent predictors of NAFLD. Conclusion: Z-BMI, ALT, uric acid, glucose during OGTT and insulin during OGTT are independent predictors of NAFLD in Italian obese children, with most of the prediction explained by ALT and Z-BMI. ER  - 
Comparison of menarche age between two generations (Tehran lipid and glucose study); Objectives: Menarcheal age is considered to be an indicator of puberty. There is a lack of information on menarcheal age in Tehranian girls, in comparison to that of their mothers. This cross-sectional study was aimed at comparing the age of menarches between two generations. Methodology: The subjects were 812 (406 daughters and 406 mothers) chosen from among 15005 participants of the longitudinal Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study. Demographic information and the age of menarche were recorded in a questionnaire. We have considered a minimal of 25 years duration to be one generation. Distribution of the menarcheal age and linear regression were performed. Results: The mean age of menarche in daughters and their mothers were 13.2±1.4 and 13.6±1.5 years, respectively. There was significant correlation between the mother's and daughter's menarcheal age (r=0.25, P<0.002). 25 th, 50th and 75th percentiles for menarcheal ages in daughters and their mothers were 12.2, 13.1, 14.1 and 12.7, 13.5, 14.5 years respectively. Minimum and maximum ages of menarche were the same (10 and 18 years) in the two groups. Conclusion: We found a decrease in the average menarcheal age during 25 years (one generation) similar to the results of other studies. ER  - 
Leptin-to-adiponectin ratio as independent predictor of insulin sensitivity during growth in overweight Hispanic youth; Because leptin and adiponectin are counter-regulated in vivo and exert opposing effects on glucose metabolism, fat oxidation and insulin sensitivity, the ratio of leptin-to-adiponectin has been investigated as a potential atherogenic index, suggesting that the index is a better biomarker for atherosclerotic risk in obese Type 2 diabetic patients than either leptin or adiponectin alone. However, no information is available regarding the leptin-to-adiponectin ratio during adolescence in Hispanic adolescents. Therefore, the present study was designed to investigate the leptin-to-adiponectin ratio during growth and to establish whether the leptin-to-adiponectin ratio is a better predictor for insulin sensitivity compared to leptin and adiponectin alone in a regression model. From the age of 8 to 14, the leptin-to-adiponectin ratio increased from 2.0±0.8 to 5.8±2.2 in girls, with no significant change noted in boys (gender x age interaction p=0.007). In a multiple regression analysis, including both adiponectin and leptin as independent variables, leptin and adiponectin explained 5% of the variation in insulin sensitivity independent of gender, age, Tanner stage, total fat mass and lean body mass (p for R2-change <0.001). The leptin-to-adiponectin ratio also explained 5% of the variation in insulin sensitivity, after controlling for the same covariates (p for R2-change < 0.001). These data indicate that the leptin-to-adiponectin ratio is not a better predictor of insulin sensitivity during growth than the additive effects of leptin and adiponectin levels. © 2007, Editrice Kurtis. ER  - 
Time course and determinants of leptin decline during weight loss in obese boys and girls; Objective. To investigate whether changes in leptin concentrations during weight loss can be explained by gender, puberty, baseline adiposity and changes in adiposity, body composition, rate of weight loss, physical activity and insulin concentrations. Design. A longitudinal study with 9 repeated measures during a 12-week weight loss programme. Subjects. Fifty-three boys and 62 girls (7.9-15.2 years) with body mass index (BMI) standard deviation scores (SDS) of median 2.78 and 2.70, respectively. Measurements. Height, weight, fat mass percentage assessed by bioimpedance, Tanner stages, testicular size, physical activity scores, blood leptin (ng/ml) and insulin concentrations (pmol/l) were measured at baseline, and except for Tanner stage and testicular size, repeated regularly during the programme. Results. The weight loss was accompanied by a steep decline in leptin concentrations during the first 10-11 days, followed by a less steep decline until day 82. Leptin declined to 39% in boys and 51% in girls of the level that was expected given the relationship at baseline between leptin and BMI SDS, and the BMI SDS changes during weight loss. The biphasic leptin decline was independent of gender, puberty, baseline adiposity or concomitant changes in BMI SDS, fat mass percentage, rate of weight loss, physical activity scores or insulin concentrations. Conclusion. The biphasic leptin decline, which exceeded the level expected, was independent of puberty, baseline adiposity and changes in adiposity, body composition, rate of weight loss, physical activity scores and insulin concentrations. The dissociation of the leptin-weight relationship during weight loss may contribute to the general leptin variability in obese subjects. ER  - 
Waist circumference identifies primary school children with metabolic syndrome abnormalities; Objective: This study was designed to assess whether waist circumference can predict metabolic syndrome abnormalities in primary schoolchildren. Research Design and Methods: Of 5,103 children (2,526 males) 4-13 years old who underwent anthropometric measurements, 530 had more extensive testing. Body mass index (BMI), waist circumference, and blood pressure were determined in all subjects. The subgroup had Tanner stage, glucose, lipid profile, and insulin assays. The BMI of the 5,103 children was used to calculate our z scores. To determine which marker was a better predictor for metabolic syndrome, a receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve was generated for BMI and waist circumference, with metabolic syndrome as the dichotomous variable. Results: Over 530 children (8.7 ± 2.4 years) 6% (n = 32) were obese (BMI >95th percentile; z BMI = 2.55), 13.6% (n = 72) were overweight (OW) (85th < BMI < 95th percentile; z BMI = 1.45), and 80.4% (n = 426) were non-OW (BMI <85th percentile; z BMI= -0.14). Fifty-eight percent [95% confidence interval (CI) 53, 6], 22.8% (95% CI 19, 27), 15.5% (95% CI 12, 19), and 4.1% (95% CI 2, 6) were Tanner stage I, II, III, and IV, respectively. Metabolic syndrome was present in 9.4% overall, 6% of the non-OW, 22.2% of the OW, and 31% in the obese group (P < 0.01). The differences between ROC areas were not significant (0.009) (95% CI -0.035 to 0.053; P = 0.679) for BMI and waist circumference. The optimal threshold for waist circumference percentile was 71.3 with a sensitivity and specificity of 58.9 (95% CI 48.4, 68.9) and 63.1 (95% CI 58.4, 67.7), respectively. Conclusions: Waist circumference and BMI predict metabolic syndrome abnormalities in children. Waist circumference ≥75th percentile could be the optimal threshold to predict metabolic syndrome in children. © Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. ER  - 
Gonadal steroids and bone metabolism in men; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Over the past decade, our increasing awareness of the clinical importance of osteoporosis in men has stimulated intense interest in trying to better understand male skeletal physiology and pathophysiology. The present review focuses on a major focus of research in this area, namely the attempt to define the influence and therapeutic potential of gonadal steroids in male bone metabolism. RECENT FINDINGS: Building on previous work defining the relative roles of androgens and estrogens in the developing male skeleton and in maintaining normal bone turnover, recent studies have begun to define these issues from epidemiologic, physiologic and therapeutic perspectives. With access to data from large prospectively defined populations of men, investigators are confirming and challenging existing hypotheses and forwarding new concepts. Clinical trials have expanded beyond standard androgen replacement studies to explore more complex hormonal interventions. Physiologic investigation has continued to probe the mechanisms underlying the differential and independent roles of androgens and estrogens in male bone metabolism. SUMMARY: Recent work has added significantly to our understanding of the role of gonadal steroids in male skeletal physiology. Nonetheless, further research is necessary to build on these initial human studies and to capitalize on rapidly emerging advances in our understanding of the basic biology of bone metabolism. © 2007 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc. ER  - 
Sleep-Disordered Breathing and the Metabolic Syndrome in Overweight and Obese Children and Adolescents; Objective: To assess whether sleep-disordered breathing (SDB) is a risk factor of the metabolic syndrome (MS) in children and adolescents who are overweight and to examine whether the severity of SDB was independently associated with glucose intolerance, insulin resistance, and/or dyslipidemia. Study design: Consecutive subjects who were overweight or obese underwent polysomnography, fasting blood sample, and oral glucose tolerance test (for calculation of area under the curve [AUC]). SDB was defined as a respiratory disturbance index ≥2. MS was present when ≥3 of these factors were present: waist circumference ≥90th percentile; fasting glucose level ≥110 mg/dL; triglyceride level ≥110 mg/dL; high-density lipoprotein cholesterol level ≤40 mg/dL; blood pressure ≥90th percentile. Results: A total of 104 subjects were included in the study (44% boys; 58% prepubertal; mean age, 11.1 ± 2.6 years; 69% obese). Mean SaO2 (odds ratio, 0.54) and SaO2nadir (odds ratio, 0.89) were independent, significant predictors of the presence of MS. Multiple regression showed significant associations between SaO2nadir and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol level, mean SaO2 and both AUC glucose and triglyceride levels, and between the percentage of total sleep time with SaO2 ≥ 95% and cholesterol level, while controlling for adiposity and sex, puberty, or both. Conclusion: This study supports the hypothesis of an interaction between SDB and metabolic abnormalities, independent of estimates of body fat distribution, in children and adolescents who are overweight and obese. © 2007 Mosby, Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Effects of growth hormone on growth, insulin resistance and related hormones (ghrelin, leptin and adiponectin) in turner syndrome; Background: Concomitant evaluation of the metabolic and growth-promoting effects of growth hormone (GH) therapy in Turner syndrome (TS) may be used in the prediction of the growth response to GH therapy. Aim: To evaluate the metabolic effects of GH therapy in TS and correlation with the short-term growth response. Patients: 24 prepubertal children with TS, aged 9.4 ± 2.6 years were followed for auxology and IGF-I, IGFBP-3, leptin, ghrelin, adiponectin, lipids and OGTT results in a prospective multicenter study. Intervention: GH (Genotropin®) in a dose of 50 μg/kg/day for 1 year. Results: Height standard deviation score (SDS) increased from -3.9 ± 1.5 to -3.5 ± 1.4 (p = 0.000) on therapy. BMI did not change. IGF-I SDS increased from -2.3 ± 0.4 to -1.6 ± 1.1 at 3 and 6 months (p = 0.001) and decreased thereafter. Serum leptin decreased significantly from 2.3 ± 3.9 to 1.7 ± 5.3 ng/ml (p = 0.022) at 3 months and increased afterwards. Serum ghrelin decreased from 1.2 ± 0.8 to 0.9 ± 0.4 ng/ml (p = 0.005) with no change in adiponectin. Basal and stimulated insulin levels also increased significantly. Δ height SDS over 1 year showed a significant correlation with Δ IGF-I0-3 months (r = 0.450, p = 0.027). Conclusion: IGF-I may be considered as a marker of growth response in TS at short term. Leptin shows a decrease at short term but does not have a correlation with growth response. The decrease in ghrelin in face of unchanged weight seems to be associated with increase in IGF-I and insulin levels. The unchanged adiponectin levels in spite of an increase in insulin levels indicates that adiponectin is mainly affected by weight, not insulin. Copyright © 2007 S. Karger AG. ER  - 
Metabolic and behavioral predictors of weight gain in Hispanic children: The Viva la Familia Study; Background: Despite the high prevalence of overweight among Hispanic children in the United States, definitive predictors of weight gain have not been identified in this population. Objective: The study objective was to test sociodemographic, metabolic, and behavioral predictors of 1-y weight gains in a large cohort of Hispanic children studied longitudinally. Design: Subjects (n = 879) were siblings from 319 Hispanic families enrolled in the Viva la Familia Study. Families were required to have at least one overweight child aged 4-19 y. One-year changes in weight and body composition by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry were measured. Data were from parental interviews, birth certificates, multiple-pass 24-h dietary recalls, 3-d accelerometry, 24-h respiration calorimetry, measurements of eating in the absence of hunger, and measurement of fasting blood biochemistry indexes by radioimmunoassay. Generalized estimating equations and principal component analysis were applied. Results: Weight gain increased with age (P = 0.001), peaking at ≈10 y of age in girls and ≈11 y of age in boys. Mean (±SD) weight gain was significantly higher in overweight (7.5 ± 3.7 kg/y) than in nonoverweight (4.4 ± 2.4 kg/y) children and in boys than in girls. When adjusted for age, age squared, sex, and Tanner stage, the final model indicated a child's body mass index (BMI; kg/m2) status, maternal BMI, energy expenditure (total energy expenditure, basal metabolic rate, and sleeping metabolic rate), and fasting blood biochemistry indexes (total triiodothyronine, insulin, leptin, and ghrelin) as independent, positive predictors of weight gain (P = 0.01-0.001). Conclusion: Knowledge of the metabolic and behavioral predictors of weight gain in Hispanic children will inform prevention and treatment efforts to address this serious public health problem in the United States. © 2007 American Society for Nutrition. ER  - 
Criteria for oral glucose tolerance testing of obese minority youth; Aim: To identify those obese minority youth at greatest risk for having an abnormal oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) indicating impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) or type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM2). Study Design and Methods: 167 children, who met the ADA criteria for T2DM screening, underwent an OGTT. Logistic regression models were derived for girls, boys, and both. Based on significant variables, algorithms yielding 100% sensitivity were derived to identify candidates for screening. Results: 12% of children screened had an abnormal OGTT. Girls who met the algorithm criteria for screening (HOMA >4.5) had an abnormal OGTT with a sensitivity of 100% (95% confidence interval [CI] 0.988-1.0) and specificity of 53.7% (95% CI 0.41-0.648). Boys who met the algorithm screening criteria (HOMA >13, or HbA1c >5.8%, or total cholesterol >200 mg/dl) had an abnormal OGTT with a sensitivity of 100% (95% CI 0.979-1.000) and specificity of 76.6% (95% CI 0.632-0.849). The model was validated using a large patient sample, yielding similar results. Conclusions: In obese pubertal minority youth meeting the ADA criteria for DM2 screening, these algorithm screening criteria can be useful in identifying those at risk youth who should undergo an OGTT. © Freund Publishing House Ltd., London. ER  - 
Twenty years of recombinant human growth hormone in children: Relevance to pediatric care providers; Recombinant human growth hormone has revolutionized the management of children and adolescents with growth hormone deficiency and other growth disorders, but clinical and ethical controversies remain regarding diagnostic approach, optimal recombinant human growth hormone dose and duration, and expected outcomes. Management of pubertal and transitioning patients with growth hormone deficiency has also commanded increased attention. Recent clinical studies that demonstrate the positive health benefits of recombinant human growth hormone in children with cystic fibrosis, inflammatory bowel disease, and juvenile rheumatoid arthritis have not yet clarified issues about patient selection and appropriate long-term use. An understanding of current recombinant human growth hormone indications and controversies can facilitate patient evaluation and expedite referral for potential treatment. This review summarizes current indications for recombinant human growth hormone use, discusses clinical challenges, and provides recommendations for pediatricians caring for children who may be appropriate candidates for recombinant human growth hormone therapy. © 2007 Sage Publications. ER  - 
Fasting glucagon-like peptide-1 and its relation to insulin in obese children before and after weight loss; OBJECTIVE: To study the relationships between glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1), weight status, insulin, and insulin resistance in the fasting state. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Fasting GLP-1, glucose and insulin concentrations, insulin resistance index as homeostasis model assessment (HOMA), body mass index (BMI), and percentage body fat based on skinfold thickness measurements were determined in 42 obese (median age 11 years) and in 16 lean children of the same age. The HOMA model was used to calculate degree of insulin resistance. Furthermore, the changes in GLP-1, glucose, insulin, and HOMA in the course of 1 year were analyzed in the 42 obese children participating in an obesity intervention. RESULTS: GLP-1 concentrations did not differ significantly between obese and lean children. In multiple linear regression analyses, GLP-1 was significantly related to insulin (P = 0.028) and HOMA (P = 0.019) but not to glucose, age, sex, pubertal stage, BMI, or percentage body fat. The 15 obese children with substantial weight reduction demonstrated significantly (P < 0.05) decreased GLP-1, insulin, and HOMA levels, whereas these parameters did not change in 27 obese children without substantial weight loss. Changes in GLP-1 correlated significantly with changes in insulin (r = 0.46, P = 0.001) and HOMA (r = 0.28, P = 0.036) but not with changes in glucose, BMI, or percentage of body fat. CONCLUSIONS: In children, fasting GLP-1 concentrations are independent of age, sex, and pubertal stage. Although GLP-1 did not differ between lean and obese children, weight loss was associated with decreasing GLP-1. Inasmuch as GLP-1 levels were related to insulin concentrations in both cross-sectional and longitudinal analyses, we hypothesize a relationship between GLP-1 and insulin in the fasting state. © 2007 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc. ER  - 
Adiponectin independently predicts metabolic syndrome in overweight Latino youth; Context: Adiponectin may be important in the pathogenesis of insulin resistance and the metabolic syndrome in youth. Objective: The objective of the study was to determine the unique effect of adiponectin on the metabolic syndrome in overweight Latino youth. Participants: Participants included 175 overweight children (aged 11.1 ± 1.7 yr, body mass index percentile 97.3 ± 2.9) with a family history of type 2 diabetes. Methods: Metabolic syndrome was defined according to a pediatric adaptation of the Adult Treatment Panel III report and included dyslipidemia, abdominal obesity, elevated blood pressure, and prediabetes (impaired fasting glucose or impaired glucose tolerance from a 2-h oral glucose tolerance test). Body composition was estimated via dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry, insulin sensitivity was quantified by the frequently sampled iv glucose tolerance test, visceral fat was measured using magnetic resonance imaging, and adiponectin was determined in fasting serum. Results: In simple linear regression, adiponectin was significantly and inversely related to systolic blood pressure (P < 0.05), waist circumference (P < 0.001), triglycerides (P < 0.001), and 2-h glucose levels (P < 0.05) and positively related to high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (P < 0.001). In multiple linear regression, adiponectin was significantly related to triglycerides (P < 0.01) and high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (P < 0.01) independent of age, gender, Tanner stage, body composition, and insulin sensitivity. Analyses of covariance established that adiponectin levels were approximately 25% higher in healthy overweight youth, compared with those with the metabolic syndrome (12.5 ± 3.5 vs. 9.4 ± 2.8 μg/ml; P < 0.05). In multiple logistic regression, adiponectin was a significant independent predictor of the metabolic syndrome, even after adjustment for confounders including insulin sensitivity and visceral fat. Conclusions: Hypoadiponectinemia is an independent biomarker of the metabolic syndrome, and thus, adiponectin may play a role in the pathophysiology of the disorder in overweight youth. Copyright © 2007 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Gender differences of oligomers and total adiponectin during puberty: A cross-sectional study of 859 Danish School Children; Context: Pubertal stages have been shown to influence total adiponectin (ADPN) levels. Furthermore, testosterone has been shown to alter the isomer distribution of ADPN. Objective: The goal of this study was to investigate whether pubertal stages and testosterone levels influenced total serum ADPN levels and the distribution of ADPN isomers. Design: This is a cross-sectional study. Patients: The study included 859 children and adolescents (396 males) aged 6-20 yr. Main Outcome Measures: Total ADPN and ADPN isomers were measured using a validated in-house immunofluorometric assay. Fractioning of the ADPN into the three major molecular fractions was performed in representative subgroups of pre- and postpubertal males and females (n = 40, 10 in each group) using a validated fast protein liquid chromatography method. Results: Total ADPN levels before puberty were 13.4 (11.1-15.9) mg/liter (median and interquartile range) and 14.7 (12.3-18.1) mg/liter (P = not significant), in males and females, respectively. After puberty, ADPN levels were significantly reduced in males, 9.7 (8.2-12.0) mg/liter but remained unchanged in females, 12.1 (9.7-15.3) mg/liter (P < 0.0001). Concomitantly, a reduction was seen in the ratio of high-molecular-weight (HMW) isomers to total ADPN (HMW ratio) when comparing prepubertal and postpubertal males. Also, postpubertal males had lower HMW ratios than corresponding females (P = 0.038). Finally, a negative correlation was seen between HMW ratio and testosterone (r = -0.430, P = 0.007). Conclusion: Serum total ADPN levels decrease through puberty in males. Also, a reduced HMW ratio is seen in males at the onset of puberty. We speculate that the suppression of HMW ADPN may be caused by testosterone. Copyright © 2007 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
TCF7L2 gene polymorphisms confer an increased risk for early impairment of glucose metabolism and increased height in obese children; Context: Variants in the transcription factor 7-like2 (TCF7L2) gene have been associated with an increased risk for type 2 diabetes in adults. To evaluate whether the five reported risk variants confer a higher risk for obesity and early impairment of glucose metabolism in children, we genotyped these risk variants of the TCF7L2 gene in a representative cohort of 1029 Caucasian children and an independent cohort of 283 obese children. Results: Applying a case control design, we observed a significantly lower prevalence of the rs11196205 and rs7895340 risk alleles in the obese (n = 283) compared with lean (n = 672) children (0.40 vs. 0.45; P = 0.02). There was, however, no statistically significant relationship between these genotypes and quantitative traits of obesity in either a normal representative cohort (n = 1029) or an obesity cohort. Obese children were significantly taller than lean children. This increase in height was independently associated with risk variants of the TCF7L2 gene, whereas in the normal representative cohort height appeared to be decreased in carriers of the minor alleles. In the obese cohort, three risk alleles (rs7901695, rs7903146, and rs1225572) were significantly associated with higher fasting and 120-min blood glucose levels independent of sex, age, pubertal stage, and body mass index. Fasting and peak insulin levels and HOMA-IR appeared with a similar tendency but were not statistically significant. Conclusions: Our data indicate for the first time that TCF7L2 gene variants confer an increased risk for early impairment of glucose metabolism in obese children, which is consistent with adult studies identifying TCF7L2 as a major diabetes susceptibility gene. Copyright © 2007 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
The HOMA and QUICKI indexes, and insulin and c-peptide levels in healthy children. Cut off points to identify metabolic syndrome in healthy children; Objective: The aim of this study was to establish the reference values of the Homeostasis Model Assessment (HOMA) and Quantitative Insulin Sensitivity Check (QUICKI) indexes, as well as those of insulin and C-peptide levels in healthy children and adolescents with a view to determining reference percentiles to detect those at cardiovascular risk. Material and methods: A total of 372 children boys and girls of different ages and at distinct pubertal stages with normal body mass index participated in the study. Fasting glucose, insulin and C-peptide values were measured by chemiluminescence and the HOMA and QUICKI indexes were calculated. Results: Fasting glucose levels were normal in all children. The mean values obtained for each variable were (mean (SD)): fasting glucose 87(7.75) mg/dL, insulin 7.74 (5.35) mcU/mL, C-peptide: 1.76 (0.79) ng/mL, HOMA index 1.72 (1.27) and QUICKI index 0.72 (0.29). All the variables progressively increased with age, with statistically significant differences between prepubertal and pubertal children. The QUICKI index showed an inverse relationship. In addition, significant differences were found between sexes. The 90th percentile for all the variables was as follows: insulin 15.05 mcU/mL, C-peptide: 2.85 ng/mL, HOMA index 3.43 and QUICKI index 1.10. Conclusions: Values of fasting glucose, insulin, C-peptide and the HOMA index significantly increased with age and pubertal stage, while the QUICKI index decreased. We defined the 90th percentile for all the parameters studied as the cut-off point to identify children at cardiovascular risk in our population. ER  - 
Cardiovascular risk factors in pre-pubertal Malays: Effects of diabetic parentage; Diabetes prevalence is increasing rapidly in Asian populations but the influence of a family history of diabetes on cardiovascular risk is unknown. To assess this relationship, 120 urban-dwelling Malays were recruited to a cross-sectional case-control study. Sixty were pre-pubertal children, 30 of diabetic parentage (Group 1) and 30 with no diabetes family history (Group 2). Group 1 and 2 subjects were the offspring of adults with (Group 3) or without (Group 4) type 2 diabetes. Subjects were assessed for clinical and biochemical variables defining cardiovascular risk. Principal component analysis assessed clustering of variables in the children. Group 1 subjects had a higher mean waist:hip ratio, diastolic blood pressure and HbA1c than those in Group 2, and a lower HDL:total cholesterol ratio (P < 0.03). Although there were no correlations between Group 1 and 3 subjects for cardiovascular risk variables, significant associations were found in Groups 2 and 4, especially HbA1c and insulin sensitivity (P ≤ 0.004). Of five separate clusters of variables (factors) identified amongst the children, the strongest comprised diabetic parentage, HbA1c, insulin sensitivity and blood pressure. Features of the metabolic syndrome are becoming evident in the young non-obese children of diabetic Malays, suggesting that lifestyle factors merit particular attention in this group. © 2006 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Natural history and predictors of disturbed eating behaviour in girls with Type 1 diabetes; Aim: To determine the natural history and psychosocial predictors of disturbed eating behaviour in girls with Type 1 diabetes (T1D) over a 1-year period. Methods: One hundred and six girls with T1D, 9-13 years of age at Time 1, completed a Children's Eating Disorder Examination (cEDE) interview at Time 1 and again 1 year later (Time 2). Potential Time 1 predictors of Time 2 disturbed eating behaviour were body mass index (BMI), self-esteem, depressive symptoms, attachment to parents, and parental eating attitudes. Glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c) was measured. Results: Disturbed eating behaviour was reported by 14% (15/106) of girls at Time 1, and 17% (18/106) at Time 2, and persisted in 8/15 girls over 1 year. Lower self-esteem, higher BMI and more disturbed maternal eating attitudes at Time 1 accounted for 35% of the variance in Time 2 cEDE score, while higher BMI and more disturbed attachment to one's mother predicted new-onset disturbed eating behaviour at Time 2. Glycaemic control was not associated with or predicted by disturbed eating behaviour. Conclusions: There was only moderate stability in disturbed eating behaviour status over a 1-year period. In this preliminary study, disturbed eating behaviour was associated with and, to a lesser degree, predicted by physical, psychological and family factors. Although the long-term clinical course of the mild disturbances identified is not known, prevention and early intervention efforts in this high-risk medical group should begin in the pre-teen years, and should probably target multiple factors in order to prevent the persistence and worsening of disturbed eating behaviour and its medical sequelae. © 2007 The Authors. ER  - 
Unmitigated communion and health among adolescents with and without diabetes: The mediating role of eating disturbances; The authors examined the implications of unmitigated communiona focus on others to the exclusion of the selffor psychological and physical health among adolescents with (n = 132) and without (n = 131) diabetes times / during a 1-year period. Unmitigated communion predicted greater psychological distress and lower levels of competence cross-sectionally and longitudinally, controlling for sex, pubertal status, and communion. Health status moderated some longitudinal relations, such that relations held only for adolescents with diabetes. In addition, unmitigated communion was associated with poor metabolic control and predicted a deterioration in metabolic control over the year for adolescents with diabetes. Unmitigated communion also was associated with disturbed eating behavior cross-sectionally and longitudinally, and disturbed eating behavior explained some of the relations of unmitigated communion to psychological but not physical health outcomes. © 2007 by the Society for Personality and Social Psychology, Inc. ER  - 
Normal Ovarian Structure and Function with Normal Glucose Tolerance in Girls with Early Treatment of Classic Congenital Adrenal Hyperplasia; Hyperandrogenism and hyperinsulinism have both been suggested as etiologic factors behind functional ovarian hyperandrogenism or polycystic ovary syndrome. Females with congenital adrenal hyperplasia provide a clinical model to evaluate the contribution of pre- and post-natal hyperandrogenism on ovarian structure and function. Study Objective: To evaluate glucose tolerance, and structure and androgen production of the ovaries in young females with classic congenital adrenal hyperplasia. Design, Setting, Participants: Cross-sectional study, including the enrollment of participants, ages 8 to 20 years, recruited from the pediatric endocrinology clinical program of a tertiary pediatric referral center. Interventions: Ten participants had oral glucose tolerance testing, adrenal and ovarian androgen measurements, and pelvic ultrasound studies performed. Main Outcome Measures: Presence of altered response to glucose challenge, ovarian hyperandrogenism, or presence of polycystic ovaries by ultrasound. Results: Measurements of fasting blood glucose, post-challenge glucose, and insulin resistance were normal in this sample. There was no evidence of ovarian hyperandrogenism after adrenal suppression with dexamethasone. All participants had normal ovarian structure without evidence of polycystic ovaries. Conclusions: Females with classic congenital adrenal hyperplasia (21-hydroxylase deficiency) and normal glucose tolerance appear to have normal ovarian structure and function during the peripubertal period. © 2007 North American Society for Pediatric and Adolescent Gynecology. ER  - 
Polymorphism of the follistatin gene in polycystic ovary syndrome; Follistatin has been reported as a candidate gene for polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) from linkage and association studies. Acting to regulate the development of ovarian follicles and as an antagonist to aromatase activity, alterations in follistatin function or expression may result in key features of PCOS such as reduced serum FSH, impaired ovarian follicle development and augmented ovarian androgen production. We investigated polymorphisms in the FST gene to determine if genetic variation is associated with susceptibility to PCOS or key phenotypic features of PCOS patients in a case-control association study. One hundred and seventy-three PCOS patients of Caucasian descent (mean age 30.0 ± 4.8 years), conforming to the NIH diagnostic criteria, were recruited from a clinical practice database and 107 normal ovulating women (mean age 38.8 ± 13.4 years) were recruited from the general community as control subjects. Morphometric data, biochemistry and genomic DNA were collected from study subjects and genotyping was performed on seven Single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in the FST gene region. Allele frequencies of the SNPs were rs1423560 G/C (0.99/0.01), rs3797297 C/A (0.80/0.20), rs11745088 C/G (0.98/0.02), rs3203788 A/T (0.98/0.02) and rs1062809 G/C (1.00/-), rs1127760 A/T (0.98/0.02) and rs1127761 A/T (0.98/0.02), and these were not significantly different between the PCOS and control groups (P < 0.05). Statistical analysis revealed significant associations between the SNP rs3797297 and sex hormone-binding globulin (P = 0.04) and free androgen index (FAI) (P < 0.01). We conclude that FST is not a susceptibility locus for PCOS; however, the SNP rs3797297 from FST gene was associated with androgenic markers for PCOS and may be of importance in the hyperandrogenaemia of the disease. © 2007 Oxford University Press. ER  - 
Increased oxidative stress in prepubertal children born small for gestational age; Context: Low birth weight is associated with an increased risk of metabolic and cardiovascular diseases in adulthood. The development of insulin resistance (IR) seems to play a pivotal role; no data on the oxidant-antioxidant status are available in this risk group. Objective: This study is an assessment of oxidant-antioxidant status in prepubertal children born small for gestational age (SGA) in comparison to healthy controls and the relationship to IR. Design: This cross-sectional study compares indexes of IR and oxidant-antioxidant status in three different groups (SGA+, SGA-, controls), with analysis by post hoc and Pearson correlation. Setting: The study was conducted in the Academic Department of Pediatrics. Participants: A total of 19 SGA+ and 16 SGA- children were compared with 13 controls. Intervention: No intervention was used. Main Outcome Measures: Indexes of IR (glucose to insulin ratio, homeostasis model assessment of IR) were evaluated, and markers of oxidative stress (lag phase, malonildialdehyde, vitamin E) were measured. Results: Homeostasis model assessment of IR was significantly higher in SGA+ than SGA- children (1.32 ± 0.9 vs. 0.69 ± 0.47; P = 0.03) and controls (0.71 ± 0.37; P = 0.04). Glucose to insulin ratio was significantly lower in SGA+ than SGA- children (12.41 ± 5.01 vs. 26.54 ± 17.18; P = 0.02) and controls (26.96 ± 20.70; P = 0.04). Lag phase was significantly shorter in SGA+ than SGA- children (24.3 ± 4.38 vs. 35.59 ± 11.29 min; P = 0.003) and controls (45.28 ± 7.69 min; P = 0.0001) and in SGA- than controls (P = 0.01). Malonildialdehyde was significantly higher in SGA+ than SGA- children (0.79 ± 0.3 vs. 0.6 ± 0.1 nmol/mg; P = 0.03) and controls (0.36 ± 0.04 nmol/mg; P = 0.0001) and in SGA-children than controls (P = 0.02). Vitamin E was significantly reduced in SGA+ children than controls (27.54 ± 7.9 vs. 43.23 ± 11.32 μmol/liter; P = 0.002). Conclusion: Oxidative stress is present in both SGA+ and SGA-children, with a continuous alteration in relation to IR. Therefore, catch-up growth might exert the greatest influence in the development of future diseases. Copyright © 2007 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Plasma adiponectin concentrations and risk of incident breast cancer; Introduction: Previous retrospective case-control studies suggest that adiponectin, an obesity-related hormone, is inversely associated with breast cancer risk, particularly in postmenopausal women; however, no prospective studies exist. Therefore, we conducted a prospective case-control study nested within the Nurses' Health Study (NHS) and NHSII cohorts examining the association between plasma adiponectin concentrations and breast cancer risk. Materials and Methods: Blood samples were collected from 1989 through 1990 (NHS) and 1996 through 1999 (NHSII); adiponectin was measured by RIA. The analysis included 1477 breast cancer cases diagnosed after blood collection and before June 2000 (NHS) or June 2003 (NHSII) who had one or two controls (n = 2196) matched on age, menopausal status, postmenopausal hormone (PMH) use, fasting, and time of day and month of blood collection. We adjusted for body mass index at age 18, weight change from age 18 to blood draw, family history of breast cancer, history of benign breast disease, duration of PMH use, ages at menarche and first birth, and parity. Results: Although we observed no association between adiponectin and breast cancer risk overall, there was a nearly significant interaction by menopausal status (P = 0.08), with a relative risk, top vs. bottom quartile of 0.73 (95% confidence interval, 0.55-0.98; P trend = 0.08) among postmenopausal women and 1.30 (95% confidence interval, 0.80-2.10; P trend = 0.09) for premenopausal women. Among postmenopausal women, adiponectin appeared more strongly inversely associated in women who never used PMH (P heterogeneity = 0.05) and women with low circulating estradiol levels (P heterogeneity = 0.05). Discussion: Our results suggest that adiponectin may be inversely associated with postmenopausal breast cancer risk, particularly in a low-estrogen environment. Copyright © 2007 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Influence of breastfeeding on obesity and type 2 diabetes risk factors in latino youth with a family history of type 2 diabetes; OBJECTIVE - To determine whether breastfeeding is related to total adiposity, regional adiposity, and glucose and insulin dynamics in overweight Latino youth throughout puberty. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - The relation between breastfeeding and diabetes risk was determined in 240 overweight (BMI ≥85th percentile) Latino children (aged 8-13 years) with a positive family history of type 2 diabetes. Children were examined at baseline (Tanner pubertal stage 1) and for 2 more years as they advanced in pubertal maturation. Children were divided into the following categories: never breastfed (n = 102), breastfed 0-5.99 months (n = 61), breastfed 6-11.99 months (n = 24), and breastfed ≥12 months (n = 53). Tanner pubertal stage was determined by physical examination. Visceral and subcutaneous abdominal fat were determined by magnetic resonance imagining, and total body fat, total lean tissue mass, and percent body fat were measured by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry. Fasting and post-challenge glucose were assessed with a 2-h oral glucose tolerance test. Insulin sensitivity (SI), acute insulin response (AIR), and disposition index ([DI] an index of β-cell function) were measured by frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test and minimal modeling. Data were analyzed using linear mixed-effects modeling. RESULTS - There were no significant effects of breastfeeding categories on adiposity (i.e., total fat mass, total lean tissue mass, percent body fat), fat distribution (visceral and subcutaneous abdominal fat), fasting glucose or 2-h glucose, or insulin dynamics (SI, AIR, and DI) at Tanner pubertal stage 1 or on changes in these variables over pubertal transitions in overweight Latino youth. CONCLUSIONS - In this population of high-risk Latino youth, there were no significant protective effects of breastfeeding on adiposity or type 2 diabetes risk factors at Tanner pubertal stage 1 or across advances in maturation. © 2007 by the American Diabetes Association. ER  - 
Lymphotoxin-α polymorphisms and the risk of endometrial cancer in Japanese subjects; Objective: To test the association of endometrial cancer with the lymphotoxin-α (LTα) C804A and A252G polymorphisms, a hospital-based incident case-control study was performed in Japanese subjects. Methods: The cases comprised 110 endometrial cancer patients, and the controls were 220 age-matched cancer-free females. Results: The LTα C804A and A252G polymorphisms were in complete linkage disequilibrium. We performed conditional logistic regression analysis adjusted for age, which revealed that the LTα 252AG and 804CA variant genotypes were associated with a significantly reduced risk of endometrial cancer (OR = 0.51, 95% CI = 0.31-0.86, P = 0.011). Being homozygous of the LTα 252G and 804A alleles was not associated with the risk of endometrial cancer. However, the presence of at least one variant LTα allele was associated with a significantly lower risk of endometrial cancer (OR = 0.54, 95% CI = 0.33-0.87, P = 0.012). After adjusting for potential confounders (body mass index, age at menarche, parity, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, family history of endometrial cancer, hormone replacement therapy, smoking status, and alcohol consumption), the risk of endometrial cancer was significantly lower both in carriers of one variant allele and in carriers of either one or two of the variant alleles (OR = 0.47, 95% CI = 0.26-0.85, P = 0.017; OR = 0.50, 95% CI = 0.28-0.89, P = 0.019; respectively). Conclusion: The results suggest that these LTα polymorphisms play an important role in the tumorigenesis of endometrial cancer. © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Classification of distinct baseline insulin infusion patterns in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes on continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion therapy; OBJECTIVE - We hypothesized systematic differences in the patterns of programmed basal insulin infusion rates in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes on continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion (CSII). We aimed at classification of basal insulin infusion rate regimens and comparing patients' underlying clinical characteristics. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - The German/Austrian diabetes data acquisition system for prospective surveillance database for quality control and scientific surveys in pediatric diabetology served as the primary data source. Latest (September 2004) basal insulin infusion rates of all 1,248 patients with type 1 diabetes on CSII (0.38-18 years) were analyzed (dataset 1). Basal insulin infusion rates per hour were expressed relative to mean basal insulin infusion rates per 24 h. Unsupervised clustering was used to classify basal insulin infusion rate patterns. Clinical characteristics of patients falling into distinct basal insulin infusion rate clusters were compared by Kruskal-Wallis test. Changes of basal insulin infusion rates in 64 patients were followed from initial settings before CSII to latest programming in an independent dataset 2. RESULTS - Seven different basal insulin infusion rate patterns occurred in dataset 1. A dawn-dusk pattern was used in 708 patients (14.9 ± 2.4 years) with the peak basal insulin infusion rate at 5 A.M. Additional patterns showed only one basal insulin infusion rate oscillation per 24 h with a backshift of peak basal insulin infusion rates in younger children (P < 0.000001) (1 A.M.: n = 152, 12.4 years and 9 P.M.: n = 117, 8.9 years). All but two patients in dataset 2 were initially set on dawn-dusk patterns but showed a comparable diversification of basal insulin infusion rates during follow-up with backshift of peak basal insulin infusion rates in younger children (P < 0.01). CONCLUSIONS - Pediatric diabetologists shape distinct basal insulin infusion rate profiles during treatment of CSII patients, mainly reflecting differences in age. Our data strongly suggest that age-dependent endocrine changes during childhood (e.g., puberty) affect circadian distribution of insulin needs in CSII, which should be kept in mind when considering basal insulin infusion rate strategies in children and adolescents. © 2007 by the American Diabetes Association. ER  - 
Low birth weight for gestational age associates with reduced glucose concentrations at birth, infancy and childhood; Background/Aims: Our aim was to investigate glucose homeostasis, insulin sensitivity and insulin-like growth factor (IGF) system status in children born small for gestational age (SGA). Methods: A case-control study was carried out at birth, infancy and childhood, comparing SGA with children appropriate for gestational age strictly matched for age, gender, pubertal status and body mass index. Ninety newborns, 52 infants, and 68 children were studied. Fasting insulin (IF), fasting glucose (GF) to IF ratio (GF/IF), the homeostasis model assessment of insulin sensitivity, the quantitative insulin sensitivity check index, insulinogenic index and the triglyceride/high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol ratio were measured. IGF-I, IGF-binding protein-3 and the IGF-I/IGF-binding protein-3 molar ratio were assessed. Results: Glucose concentrations were lower in SGA newborns (p < 0.0001), infants (p = 0.01), and children (p = 0.001). Birth weight correlated with glucose levels at birth (r = 0.59, p < 0.0001), 12 months (r = 0.29, p = 0.04) and childhood (r = 0.44, p < 0.0001). Conclusion: Our results provide evidence for a developmental adaptation of glucose metabolism in SGA children leading to reduced glucose concentrations. Copyright © 2007 S. Karger AG. ER  - 
Endocrine effects of valproate in adolescent girls with epilepsy; Purpose: To investigate the effect of epilepsy and/or valproate (VPA) monotherapy on physical growth, weight gain, pubertal development, and hormonal status in adolescent girls with epilepsy. Methods: The study group included 88 consecutive female patients with epilepsy aged 6-20 years (28 premenarche, 60 postmenarche) attending an endocrinology institute of a major tertiary center. Forty-five patients were under treatment with VPA, and 43 were before treatment initiation. The groups were compared for the relevant biochemical, anthropometric, ultrasonographic, and endocrine parameters. Results: No statistically significant differences were found in any of the parameters studied between the groups, as a whole or by menarche status. The treated postmenarcheal subgroup had a higher mean testosterone level than the untreated postmenarcheal controls (1.83 ± 0.65 vs. 0.88 ± 0.24, p = 0.006). Body mass index-standard deviation score (BMI-SDS) was 0.75 in the treated group and 0.63 in the untreated group; rates of obesity were 16.3% and 15.5%, respectively. No between-group differences were found in menses irregularities, hirsutism, or acne. No correlation was found between duration or dosage of treatment and BMI-SDS, height-SDS, or androgen level. The treated group had higher levels of thyroid-stimulating hormone and lower levels of free thyroxine than did the untreated group, although still within normal range. Conclusions: Long-term treatment with VPA in girls with epilepsy is associated with increased testosterone levels after menarche, without clinical hyperandrogenism, polycystic ovary syndrome, or an increase in BMI-SDS. VPA is a good treatment option in this age group but should be accompanied by careful endocrine observation. © 2007 International League Against Epilepsy. ER  - 
Prediction from low birth weight to female adolescent depression: A test of competing hypotheses; Context: Low birth weight (LBW) predicts later-onset hypertension and diabetes mellitus. Its role as a predictor of depression is unclear. Objectives: To examine whether LBW predicts depression in male and female children and adolescents and to compare the following 2 hypotheses: Low birth weight is one among several perinatal, childhood, and adolescent risk factors for depression (biopsychosocial hypothesis). Low birth weight is a marker for poor intrauterine conditions that provoke adjustments in fetal development, with long-term consequences for stress response (fetal programming hypothesis). Design: A representative population-based sample from an 11-county area in western North Carolina was assessed annually for psychiatric disorders between the ages of 9 and 16 years. We tested the prediction from LBW and depression in models that included LBW only, LBW plus other prenatal and perinatal adversities, LBW plus significant perinatal and childhood adversities, and LBW plus significant perinatal and childhood adversities and adolescent correlates. Setting: Academic research. Participants: There were 1420 participants, of whom 49% were female. Main Outcome Measure: Cumulative prevalence of DSM-IV depressive disorder at 1 assessment or more during childhood (age range, 9-12 years) and during adolescence (age range, 13-16 years). Results: The cumulative prevalence of depression among adolescent girls with LBW was 38.1% (95% confidence interval [CI], 16.3%-66.0%) compared with 8.4% (95% CI, 5.2%-13.3%) among adolescent girls with normal birth weight. Rates among children and adolescent boys did not exceed 4.9%. In adolescence, there was a significant interaction between LBW and sex (odds ratio, 0.2 [95% CI, 0.1-0.5]; P<.001). Low birth weight predicted female adolescent depression after controlling for other perinatal, childhood, and adolescent adversities. Girls with LBW and normal birth weight with no adversities had no adolescent depression, but each additional adversity increased the risk of in girls with LBW more than in girls with normal birth weight. Low birth weight did not predict other psychiatric disorders in either sex. Conclusions: Low birth weight predicts depression in adolescent girls but not boys. Data support fetal programming over the biopsychosocial hypothesis, suggesting vulnerability to adversities in girls with LBW after puberty. ©2007 American Medical Association. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Risk factors for breast cancer in Turkish women: A hospital-based case-control study; The aim of this study was to investigate the association between risk factors and breast cancer in Turkish women. In a hospital-based case-control study in Istanbul, 405 patients with histologically confirmed breast cancer were compared with 1050 controls, who were admitted to different departments of the same hospital. Unadjusted odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for each risk factor were obtained from logistic regression analyses. Risk factors for breast cancer were found to be early menarche age (OR 3.87, 95% CI 2.46-6.08), use of alcohol (OR 3.87, 95% CI 1.79-8.37), history of diabetes (OR 3.31, 95% CI 2.36-4.64) or hypertension (OR 3.44, 95% CI 2.07-5.71), oral contraceptive use (OR 1.98, 95% CI 1.38-2.85) and hormone replacement therapy (HRT) use (OR 1.94, 95% CI 1.15-3.29). The findings of the present study indicated that history of diabetes or hypertension, use of alcohol, oral contraceptive and HRT, never having breastfed and delayed age at first birth associated with changing of lifestyle led to an increased risk of breast cancer in Turkish women. © 2007 The Authors. ER  - 
Visceral adiposity and its association with serum lipids in female obese teenagers; Background: Increased visceral or abdominal adipose tissue in children and adults is strongly associated with metabolic and a variety of chronic diseases. Aim: To study the association between visceral or external body measurements of adiposity with blood lipids, glucose and insulin levels, in obese female adolescents. Material and methods: In a cross-sectional study, 47 obese female adolescents (body mass index (BMI) >95th percentile) aged 10 to 15 years, were analyzed. Weight, height, BMI, Tanner pubertal stages, skinfold thickness, waist circumference, waist-to-hip ratio, fasting and 120 min post prandial blood glucose, serum insulin, and lipid profile were studied. Visceral fat was assessed by computed tomography at the L4-L5 level, measuring the fat area or the length of a straight drawn line between the spine and the internal border of the rectus abdominus muscle. Results: No association between lipid profile and BMI or external body measurements (skinfold thickness, waist circumference, waist-to-hip ratio) was observed. Total serum cholesterol >170 mg/dL was positively associated with the straight line over 63 mm (a cut-off obtained by ROC analysis (RR 2.64; 1.15-6.08). This association was statistically significant in girls in Tanner I + II (n =21; Fisher, p <0.023), but not with Tanner III + IV (n =26) stages. Increased cholesterol (>170 mg/dL) was also positively associated with a serum insulin >17 uU/mL in the Tanner I + II group (Fisher p<0.05), but not with the homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA). Conclusions: No external body measurement of adiposity was associated to increased serum cholesterol in these obese female adolescents. Increased total cholesterol (>170 mg/dL) was associated with visceral fat (evaluated through the straight line spina-rectus abdominus muscle), and also with a serum insulin >17 uU/ml in those teenagers with Tanner I or II pubertal stages. ER  - 
Lower Bone Mineral Content in Hypertensive Compared With Normotensive Overweight Latino Children and Adolescents; Background: In adults, hypertension has been shown to be inversely correlated with bone mineral content (BMC); however, the association between blood pressure (BP) and BMC has not been studied in pediatrics. Methods: Total body BMC of 187 overweight (mean BMI = 28.7 kg/m2) Latino children and adolescents (mean age = 11.2 years) were measured using dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry. Seated systolic BP (SBP) and diastolic BP (DBP) were measured using a standard mercury sphygmomanometer. Hypertension was defined by SBP or DBP above the 90th percentile for height, age, and sex. Results: Partial correlations revealed an inverse association between SBP and BMC (r = -0.24, P = 0.02) in boys (n = 105); results were nonsignificant (P = 0.27) in girls (n = 82). There were no significant correlations between DBP and BMC. When BMI and insulin sensitivity were adjusted for, hypertensive boys (n = 21) had lower BMC (1435 v 1636 g; P = 0.03) than normotensive boys (n = 84); similarly, hypertensive girls (n = 25) had lower BMC (1438 v 1618 g; P = 0.02) than normotensive girls (n = 57). In postpubertal adolescents (Tanner stage 4-5; n = 48), inverse correlations were stronger (r = -0.40, P = 0.007); results were nonsignificant in prepubertal and pubertal children (Tanner stage 1-3; n = 139, P = 0.57). In postpubertal girls (n = 37), there were no significant correlations (P = 0.14); inverse correlations in postpubertal boys (n = 11) became markedly stronger (r = -0.80, P = 0.02). Conclusion: Based on the study findings, SBP is inversely correlated with BMC in overweight adolescents; additionally, hypertensive subjects have lower adjusted means of BMC than normotensive subjects. These promising new findings suggest that hypertension may be a risk factor for osteopenia in overweight children and adolescents; this risk may be exacerbated in postpubertal boys. © 2007 American Journal of Hypertension, Ltd. ER  - 
Can we identify adolescents at high risk for nephropathy before the development of microalbuminuria?; Aims: To determine whether higher than average albumin excretion during early puberty identifies subjects who will subsequently develop microalbuminuria (MA) and clinical proteinuria. Methods: Longitudinal data from the Oxford Regional Prospective Study of Childhood Diabetes (ORPS; n = 554, median duration of follow-up 10 years; range 3.0-16.7) with assessment of albumin/creatinine ratios in three early morning urine samples collected annually. An albumin excretion phenotype was derived from longitudinal data, for each individual, defining deviation from the mean of regression models, including covariates gender, age, duration of diabetes and age at assessment. Tracking of the phenotypes was confirmed in a second independent cohort from Perth, Australia. Results: The albumin excretion phenotype showed reasonable correlation between age 11-15 years and age 16-18 years in both cohorts, indicative of good 'tracking'. In the ORPS cohort, tertiles of the albumin excretion phenotype at aged 11-15 years were predictive of subsequent risk for the development of MA. All of the subjects developing clinical proteinuria had an albumin excretion phenotype in the upper tertile or an HbA1c > 9% at aged 11-15 years. Conclusions: Identification of adolescents at risk of diabetic nephropathy using an albumin excretion phenotype is feasible. When combined with elevated HbA1c, it may identify subjects for trial of early intervention with angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors/angiotensin-II receptor antagonists and statins to improve long-term prognosis in these subjects where sustained improvement in glycaemic control may be difficult to achieve. © 2007 The Authors. ER  - 
Risk for nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in hispanic youth with BMI ≥95th percentile; OBJECTIVES: To characterize children at risk for nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and to explore possible mechanisms underlying the development of NAFLD in Hispanic youth with a body mass index ≥95th percentile. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Hispanic nonoverweight (n = 475) and overweight (n = 517) children, ages 4 to 19 y, were characterized in terms of body composition (dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry), maturation (Tanner stage), diet (24-h recall), physical activity (accelerometry), fitness (maximal oxygen uptake), and biochemical profile (fasting alanine aminotransferase [ALT], glucose, insulin, and lipids; inflammation markers such as adiponectin, leptin, C-reactive protein, and soluble intercellular adhesion molecule-1; and total antioxidants) using standard laboratory techniques. Risk for NAFLD was defined by fasting serum ALT values >97.5th percentile for age- and sex-specific reference values. RESULTS: Fasting serum ALT was elevated in 24% of overweight children and in only 4% of nonoverweight children. Therefore, to identify risk factors associated with elevated ALT, the remaining statistical analysis was restricted to the overweight group. The percentage of overweight children with elevated ALT did not differ by sex, age, or Tanner stage. Weight, body mass index, z score, waist-to-hip ratio, fat-free mass, fat mass, and percent truncal fat mass were higher in the overweight children with elevated ALT. Fasting insulin, glucose, and homeostasis model-insulin resistance were higher in the overweight children with elevated ALT, as were triglycerides, total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein, thyroid-stimulating hormone, and triiodothyronine. Fasting serum leptin, C-reactive protein, and soluble intercellular adhesion molecule-1 were significantly higher and adiponectin was lower in the overweight children with elevated ALT. CONCLUSIONS: The risk for developing NAFLD was high in the overweight Hispanic children. The proportion of "at risk" children was not influenced by gender, age, or maturation. The risk for elevated ALT was predicted by the severity of obesity, central adiposity, hyperinsulinemia, hypertriglyceridemia, elevated thyroid-stimulating hormone, and systemic inflammation. © 2007 by European Society for Pediatric Gastroenterology, Hepatology, and Nutrition and North American Society for Pediatric Gastroenterology, Hepatology, and Nutrition. ER  - 
The insulin-like growth factor-I response to growth hormone is increased in prepubertal children with obesity and tall stature; Context: Children with obesity [body mass index (BMI)> +2 SD score (SDS)] and children with constitutional tall stature [CTS; height > +2 SDS)] have normal-high serum IGF-I levels, associated with a low and broad range of GH secretion, respectively. This suggests increased sensitivity to GH, whereas children with idiopathic short stature (ISS; height < -2 SDS) are believed to have decreased GH sensitivity. Objective, Design, and Main Outcome Measure: To compare the responsiveness to GH in 62 prepubertal children (43 females, 19 males) with obesity, CTS, or ISS and 26 controls (15 females, 11 males; height and BMI -2 to +2 SDS), we used an IGF-I generation test and studied the IGF-I concentration 24 h after a single injection of GH (2 mg/m2). Patients: Twenty patients with obesity, 20 with CTS, 22 with ISS, and 26 controls were studied. The mean age was 8.3 ± 2.9 yr, with no difference in age or gender between groups. Results: Compared with controls, the mean IGF-I increment was 80% higher in obese children and 36% higher in tall children (P < 0.05 obese or tall vs. control children; P 0.05 obese vs. tall children). Conversely, the IGF-I increment was similar in short compared with control children, despite a mean baseline IGF-I 62% lower in short children (P < 0.05 vs. controls). In all groups, the IGF-I increment was correlated with the BMI SDS or the fat mass percentage (r = 0.51-0.58, P < 0.05). Conclusion: Obese children tend to have greater GH responsiveness than tall children, and both have greater GH responsiveness than controls. GH responsiveness was similar in controls and short children, despite a lower baseline IGF-I in short children. Whether the differences in the IGF-I response to GH between these children reflect differences in the respective anabolic (growth promotion) and metabolic (i.e. insulin action modulation) roles of circulating IGF-I is unknown. Copyright © 2007 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Hypoglycaemia-insulin test: Discordant growth hormone and cortisol response in paediatric patients regarding recovery from hypoglycaemia with or without oral glucose solution; Background: Hypoglycaemia-insulin test (HIT) is the 'gold standard' for the diagnosis of adrenal-pituitary-hypothalamic axis disorders. Controversy exists on the convenience of recovery from an insulin-induced hypoglycaemia since this test is not risk-free. Objective: To ascertain whether recovery from insulin-induced hypoglycaemia with an oral glucose solution produces a different response of growth hormone (GH) and cortisol at different times of the study compared with spontaneous recovery from hypoglycaemia. Patients and Methods: Prospective study of 100 children and adolescents with growth delay who underwent an HIT. Patients were consecutively assigned to two groups of 50. In one group recovery from hypoglycaemia occurred spontaneously and in the other recovery was achieved with an oral glucose solution (20 g of glucose) when glycaemia was under 30 mg/dl. The two groups did not differ in age, sex, pubertal status, weight, height and IGF-I levels. Results: The response of GH at 30, 60, 90 and 120 min and cortisol at 10, 60, 90 and 120 min was lower and statistically significant in patients with recovery from hypoglycaemia with oral glucose solution. GH deficiency was diagnosed more frequently in patients recovered with glucose solutions (94%) compared to those with spontaneous recovery (68%). Conclu sions: Oral glucose solution administration when glycaemia was under 30 mg/dl in HIT produced a lower GH and cortisol response to insulin stimulus and a greater frequency of GH deficit diagnosis. Copyright © 2007 S. Karger AG. ER  - 
Etiological study of gynecomastia. Results of a prospective study and recommendations; Background : Gynecomastia can be physiological or pathological. A limited study of gynecomastia is recommended during puberty and in the elderly, ages in which gynecomastia is usually considered physiological. Other authors suggest that this condition should be studied when it is painful, rapidly growing, of recent onset, when its diameter is more than 4 cm and when is associated to testicular masses. Aim: To investigate the causes of gynecomastia and to evaluate the above mentioned criteria to exclude pathological conditions. Material and methods: Prospective study of 117 patients aged 10 to 83 years, consulting for gynecomastia. All were subjected to a standardized study including a clinical examination and measurement of plasma estradiol and testosterone levels. Results: Forty one percent of gynecomastias were considered pathological and the rest, physiological. Among pathological conditions, 18 patients had an endocrine etiology (hypogonadism in ten patients, estrogen secreting tumors in three, hyperestrogenism of unknown etiology in four and peripheral resistance to androgens in one), in 17 it was secondary to medications and in 13 it was secondary to other causes (idiopathic, pesticide exposure, alcoholism, diabetes or re feeding). In 79% of 86 patients of less than 20 years, the condition was physiological and in four of five elderly subjects, it was pathological. Thirty nine percent of pathological gynecomastias lacked the signs and symptoms that according to authors, should prompt a thorough study. Conclusions: All patients with gynecomastia should be studied with a complete medical history and the measurement of estradiol and testosterone levels. The criteria proposed to conduct minimal studies in gynecomastia, would miss a large volume of pathological conditions. © 2007 Sociedad Médica de Santiago. ER  - 
Serum adiponectin levels, insulin resistance, and lipid profile in children born small for gestational age are affected by the severity of growth retardation at birth; Objective: Insulin resistance has been linked to intrauterine growth retardation (IUGR); adiponectin is a protein with insulin-sensitizing properties. This study was designed to test whether being born small for gestational age (SGA) has an effect on blood levels of adiponectin and leptin, insulin resistance parameters, and lipid profile in pre-puberty, taking into consideration the severity of IUGR. Methods: Serum levels of adiponectin, leptin, total cholesterol (t-CHOL), high density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol, low density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol, triglycerides, apolipoproteins A-1 (Apo A-1), Apo B and Apo E, lipoprotein(a) (Lp(a)), fasting glucose, and insulin (Ins), the homeostasis model assessment insulin resistance index (HOMA-IR) and anthropometric indices were evaluated in 70 children aged 6-8 years, born appropriate for gestational age (AGA; n = 35) and SGA (n = 35), matched for age, gender, height, and BMI. SGA children were divided into two subgroups according to the severity of IUGR: SGA < 3rd percentile (n = 20), and SGA 3rd-1Oth percentile (n = 15). They were also subdivided in two subgroups, those with (n = 25) and those without (n = 10) catch-up growth, considering their actual height corrected for mid-parental height. Results: SGA children had higher Ins and HOMA-IR than AGA children (Ins, 42 ± 23 vs 32 ± 11 pmol/l;HOMA-IR, 1.30 ± 0.8 vs 0.92 ± 0.3; P<0.05). No significant difference in serum leptin was found between the SGA and the AGA groups but adiponectin showed a trend to be higher in SGA children (13.6 ± 5.7 vs 10. 8 ± 5.9 μg/ml respectively). SGA children without catch-up growth had higher adiponectin (15.6 ± 8.5 μg/ml, P < 0.05) than AGA children. Among the SGA children, the subgroup <3rd percentile had higher Lp(a) than the subgroup 3rd-10th percentile (P<0.05). An independent positive correlation between adiponectin and Lp(a) was observed in SGA children (R=0.59, P<0.01). Conclusion: SGA children, although more insulin resistant, had similar or higher adiponectin levels than matched AGA chil ren in pre-puberty. The severity of IUGR appears to affect their metabolic profile during childhood. © 2007 Society of the European Journal of Endocrinology. ER  - 
Height, its components, and cardiovascular risk among older Chinese: A cross-sectional analysis of the Guangzhou Biobank Cohort Study; Objectives. Better childhood conditions, inferred from height and specifically leg length, are usually protective against ischemic heart disease and its risk factors in Western countries. In other geo-ethnic populations, height is less clearly protective, casting doubt on there being a biological etiology. To clarify the role of childhood conditions, we examined the associations of height and its components with cardiovascular risk among older Chinese people. Methods. We used multivariable regression to examine the associations of height and its components with blood pressure, lipid profile, and diabetes in 10413 older Chinese adults (mean age=64.6 years). Results. After we adjusted for age, gender, socioeconomic status, and lifestyle habits, greater sitting height was associated with diabetes and dyslipidemia. Longer legs were associated with lower pulse pressure and lower low-density lipoprotein cholesterol. Conclusions. We provide indirect anthropometric evidence for the role of prepubertal and pubertal exposures on cardiovascular risk. Pubertal exposures are stronger than are prepubertal exposures but may be influenced by osteoporotic decline in old age. Further research should establish whether the observed relations are ethnically specific or relate to the stage or trajectory of socioeconomic development. ER  - 
IGFBP3 mRNA expression in benign and malignant breast tumors; Introduction: Most previous studies have focused on evaluating the association between circulating insulin-like growth factor binding protein 3 (IGFBP-3) levels and breast cancer risk. Emerging evidence over the past few years suggests that IGFBP-3 may act directly on mammary epithelial cells. Methods: To understand the role of IGFBP-3 inbreast tumorigenesis, we investigated IGFBP3 mRNA expression levels in benign and malignant breast tumors and their adjacent normal tissues using real-time quantitative PCR. Results: Cancer tissues had significantly lower IGFBP3 expression than benign tumor tissues (p < 0.001). IGFBP3 expressions in both tumor and adjacent tissues were higher in patients who had proliferative benign tumors than in those who had non-proliferative benign tumors. Among patients with benign breast disease, IGFBP3 expression in the tumor was significantly higher than that in their adjacent normal tissue. There were no apparent associations of IGFBP3 expression in cancer tissues with either overall survival or disease-free survival in a cohort of 521 patients with breast cancer. Conclusion: Our findings suggest that the expression level of IGFBP3 in breast tissues may be involved in breast tumorigenesis. © 2007 Ren et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Leptin concentration and insulin sensitivity in type 1 diabetic children and adolescents; The aim of the study was to estimate the relationship between serum leptin levels and insulin sensitivity and components of metabolic syndrome in type 1 diabetic children and adolescents Materials and methods: 158 patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus (70 girls and 88 boys) aged from 8.2 to 18.4 years (mean: 14.1±3.1 years) were included into the study. The diabetes duration ranged from 1.6 to 14.7 years (mean: 3.8plusmn;2.5 years). The height, weight, waist circumference (WC), skin folds and blood pressure were measured. Body mass index (BMI-SDS), body fat (BF) according to Slaughter formula, and daily dose of insulin were calculated. HbA-C (HPLC method) and serum lipids (enzymatic method) concentrations were examined. Serum leptin concentration was measured by ELISA method. Euglycemic-hyperinsulinemic clamp was performed to estimate insulin resistance. Glucose disposal rate (M index) determined during the last 30 min of the test was calculated as a surrogate of insulin resistance. Results: Serum leptin levels ranged from 1.47 to 57.39 ng/ml (median [quartiles]: 4.60 [3.18-10.2]). M index was 2.10-15.19 mg/kg/min. (median [quartiles]: 7.04 [5.57-8.69]. Leptin was positively correlated with BMI-SDS, WC. skin folds and BF. During puberty leptin levels increased in girls, but in boys the highest levels were obsreved at Tanner stage 3. Leptin concentrations, normalized for BMI-SDS or BF, were significantly higher in females than in males at Tanner stages 4 (pc=0.047) and 5 (pc<0.001 ). Leptin was negatively correlated with M index (r=-0.26; p=0.001 adjusted for sex and puberty), but after adjusting for BF or BMI-SDS there were no significant correlations. Leptin was not significantly associated with HDL-cholesterol, SBP and DBP. Using the multivariate linear regression models, we found that plasma leptin remained significantly associated with TG. Conclusion: It is likely that the observed relationship between leptin concentration and insulin resistance in young patients with type 1 diabetes is due to body fat composition rather than represents an independent association in this group. ER  - 
Etiologic and clinical characteristics of syncope in children; OBJECTIVE: Syncope is a common problem in children and adolescents. Such an event may have multiple possible causes, ranging from benign conditions to life-threatening diseases. Syncope is a major challenge for the practicing physicians. It is very important to know the etiologic and clinical characteristics of syncope in children. This study aimed to improve diagnostic efficacy of syncope in children by analyzing the etiology and clinical characteristics of syncope. METHODS: The investigators retrospectively analyzed the causes of syncope and diagnostic workup of 154 consecutive children seen in Department of Pediatrics, Peking University First Hospital because of a syncopal event. RESULTS: Autonomic-mediated reflex syncope (AMS) was the most common cause of syncope (65.6%), whereas cardiac disorders were found in 10 cases (6.5%) comprising the second cause of syncope in children. Other causes included psychologic problems and neurological and metabolic disorders. Although many causes were studied, 25 cases (16.2%) were found to have uncertain etiologies yet. The children with AMS were commonly seen in pubertal girls, and they had clear inducement of syncope and prodromes. The children with cardiac syncope often had history of cardiac diseases, and they were often younger than those with AMS. Lack of prodromes of syncope, exercise-related syncope, syncope spells seen in any body position, frequent syncope spells and sudden death in family were clues of cardiac syncope. Neurological disorders should be considered if there are any of the followings: syncope with seizure activity, syncope spells seen in any position, and a postictal phase of disorientation or neurologic abnormal signs. A metabolic cause was entertained when the child had a history of metabolic diseases, prolonged anger, or violent vomiting and diarrhea. Children with psychiatric disorders were adolescent girls with prolonged syncope spells, and had more frequent syncopal episodes. Most children with syncope were evaluated by many of diagnostic tests, but most of those tests were not goal-directed approach. Since persons with cardiac syncope were at increased risk for death from any cause, electrocardiography was recommended in almost all children with syncope. Neurologic testing including electroencephalography, computed tomography, etc. were rarely helpful unless neurologic signs and symptoms are present. Holter electrocardiography and echocardiography were most useful in children with suspected cardiac syncope. There was little benefit of screening cardiac enzyme in children with syncope. Routine blood tests (blood electrolytes and blood glucose, etc) rarely yield diagnostically useful information unless the children had the history of metabolic diseases. Head-up tilt testing was most useful in children with recurrent syncope in whom heart disease was not suspected. The children with frequent syncope, long lasting syncopal episode and clear psychiatric inducement of syncope should be evaluated by psychiatric testing. CONCLUSION: Syncope in children may result from a wide variety of causes, and clinicians often use a wide range of investigation to try to achieve a diagnosis. But most of investigations have low diagnostic yield. Thorough history taking, physical examination and electrocardiography are the core of the syncope workup. ER  - 
Analysis of clinical characteristics in large-scale Chinese women with polycystic ovary syndrome; Objective: To analyze the clinical and metabolic characteristics of large-scale Chinese women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Design: Retrospective study. Setting: Hospital-based IVF center. Patient(s): Patients with PCOS. Methods: In the present study, one thousand and forty PCOS patients were selected from women who visited the Reproductive Medicine Center at Shandong Provincial Hospital Shandong University between January 2002 and December 2006. All the patients had been performed a 75g OGTT. Clinical characteristics, serum hormonal levels, glucose levels, insulin levels and lipid profiles were reviewed. Interventions: An oral glucose tolerance test and insulin release test were performed for each woman. After overnight fasting, blood samples were collected to determine fasting blood glucose, blood glucose and insulin (30min, 60min, 120min, 180min) after digesting 75g glucose, luteotrophic hormone (LH), follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH), testosterone (T), prolactin (PRL), estradiol (E2), and blood lipid levels. Main outcome measures: Height, weight, waistline, hip circumference, F-G grade for hirsutism, gonadal hormone results, blood lipid level, blood glucose tolerance, each-moment insulin level, and family history were determined. Results: (i) The presence of oligomenorrhea was 62.6% while amenorrhea was 19.71%. Menstrual disorder of all the adult patients could be traced back to their adolescent menarche. There were 450 obesity cases of which 259 patients were central obesity. The incidence of acanthosis nigricans was 15.19%, 65.19% with obesity (ii) Cholesterol (4.8 ± 0.98 vs 4.61 ± 0.86) and LDL (3.80 ± 6.92 vs 2.88 ± 1.01) were both significantly higher in the obesity patients than the non obesity patients. (iii) 173 patients were diagnosed as diabetes mellitus (DM), 179 IGT, 27 IFG and 9 (IFG and IGT). Those women with plasma glucose values abnormality of 0, 30min, 60min, 120min, 180min were 19 cases 0.98% (19/173), 74 cases 42.77% (74/173), 110 cases 63.58% (110/ 173), 42 cases 24.28% (42/173) and 12 cases 6.94% (12/173) respectively. Ten (10/173) patients would have been undetected if fasting plasma glucose levels were not evaluated, while omission of 30min, 60min, 120min, or 180min plasma glucose levels would have resulted in 16 cases (16/173), 50 cases (50/173), 28 cases (28/173) and 1 case (1/173) being missed respectively. If we took three times blood samples to evaluate plasma glucose levels, 39 cases (39/173) (0min + 30min +60min), 102 cases (0min + 30min + 120min), 21 cases (0min + 30min + 180min), 34 cases (0min + 60min + 120min), 45 cases (0min + 60min + 180min), 123 cases (0min + 120min + 180min) would be missed. Compared AUC of plasma glucose and insulin in 5 times with 3 times (0min + 30min + 60min), the differences were statistically significant. Body mass index (BMI) was positively correlated with HOMA-IR (r = 0.29987 (P<0.01) as well as WHR (r = 0.12441, P<0.0001). Conclusions: (i) The prevalence rate of obesity was higher in PCOS. The state of obesity had a positive relation with insulin resistance. (ii) The prevalence rate of lipid profiles abnormality in obesity group was higher than in non-obesity. (iii) OGTT was the essential examination for all the PCOS patients. © 2007 Neuroendocrinology Letters. ER  - 
Dry eye syndrome in diabetic children; PURPOSE. To compare the symptoms, signs, and results of objective tests for dry eye syndrome (DES) in type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) patients and controls. METHODS. A total of 104 children with T1DM and 104 age- and sex-matched controls were compared in terms of the symptoms, signs, and results of objective tests for DES. Duration of T1DM, presence of diabetic retinopathy, mean hemoglobin A1c level, pubertal status, and a history of accompanying autoimmune disease were noted in T1DM group. Analysis of variance, multivariate regression analysis, Student t, Mann-Whitney U, and chi-square tests were used for statistical analysis. RESULTS. A total of 15.4% of diabetic children complained of dry eye symptoms, versus 1.9% of the controls (p=0.029). Dry eye signs were detected in 7.7% of diabetic children, versus 0.96% of controls (p=0.034). Tear break-up time (TBUT) and Schirmer test results were significantly lower in T1DM group than controls (p=0.018, p=0.024, respectively). A total of 7.7% of diabetic children had definite and 0.96% had probable diagnosis of DES, versus none of the controls (p=0.03). TBUT and Schirmer test results were significantly lower in patients with more than 10 years duration of T1DM (p<0.001 for both). CONCLUSIONS. The prevalence of symptoms, signs, and definite diagnosis of DES are higher and basal tear secretion and tear film stability are lower in diabetic children than controls. Duration of T1DM is the only disease-related variable which is associated with basal tear secretion and tear film stability. © Wichtig Editore, 2007. ER  - 
Insulin-sensitizine drugs in the treatment of patients with insulin-resistance and polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS); In the present study we report our results in the treatment of patients with policystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and insulin-resistance with insulinsensitizing drugs. Criteria of inclusion were those of the 2003 Rotterdam Consensus Workshop. Evaluating separately patients whose condition ensued with menarche and those with a relatively recent onset, in the first group insulin-resistance and iperin-sulinemia were found in 92 of 100, both lean and obese, whereas in the second only in obese ones. One hundred twenty patients were evaluated. Approximately half of them were overweight or obese or exibited signs of hyperandrogenism. Insulin-resistance was assessed with determination of the HOMA-1R index,corrected for BMI. Iperinsulinemia was demonstrated with calculation of the area under curve (AUC) in a 2-hour oral glucose tolerance test. Free-testosterone, 17α-hydroxyprogesterone and Δ4androstenedione were somewhat elevated compared to normals. Overweight and obese patients were started on a weight-reducing program: 10 exibited a satisfactory weight loss, but only 6 showed substantial improvement in metabolic and clinical parameters. The others were started on insulin-sensitizing drugs: the first 12 were placed on Metformin. Three obese patients responded. The following 77 were placed on Pioglitazone, 15 or 30 mg/day. The drug was well tolerated, no patient was forced to withdraw. In all patients parameters of insulin-resistance reverted to normal in a 4 months period. In 57, regular menses and ovulation occurred within 4 months, and persisted throughout treatment; 9 of 16 infertile patients conceived. A possible rationale for prolonging treatment in responsive patients is discussed, in particular with regard to the increased risks of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular accidents. © Copyright 2007, CIC Edizioni Internazionali, Roma. ER  - 
Effects of child- and adolescent-onset endogenous Cushing syndrome on bone mass, body composition, and growth: A 7-year prospective study into young adulthood; The long-term effects on bone and fat mass in children with endogenous CS are unknown. In 14 children followed for 3-7 years into young adulthood after cure of CS, whereas bone mass largely recovered, persisting increases in total body and visceral fat suggests an increase risk of the metabolic syndrome. Introduction: Endogenous Cushing syndrome (CS) is associated with decreased bone mass and increased central fat mass. Whereas bone mass seems to improve after successful treatment, little is known about whether central fat persists. Materials and Methods: This was a prospective study of 14 children (10 girls and 4 boys) and adolescents with CS who were successfully treated and remained eucortisolemic. Growth, puberty, bone mass, and body composition were evaluated at baseline and during regular follow-up for 3 years and in seven children for a further 4 years of remission to assess final adult height (FH), BMI, bone mass, and body composition. Results: CS compromised growth, leading to about a -0.8 SD loss of FH and 0.9 SD increase in weight and BMI. BMD apparent density (BMAD) SD Score (SDS) at the lumbar spine (LS) at diagnosis were -1.8 and -1.25, respectively, and after 3 years of follow-up approached the mean with no further increase apparent up to 7 years of follow-up. Whereas hip BMD SDS increased from -1.3 at diagnosis to -0.40 at 3 years and 0 at 7 years of follow-up, femoral neck BMAD remained at or around 0 SDS at diagnosis and during follow-up. BMI was >25 kg/m2 in five of seven adult subjects, most of whom were women. Total body fat and the ratio of visceral to subcutaneous was abnormally high in the majority of these subjects, whereas LS volumetric BMD was -0.7 SDS. Conclusions: Despite remission of CS, children and adolescents have significant alterations in body composition that result in a small but significant decrease in bone mass and increase in visceral adiposity. Although bone mass largely recovers after endogenous CS, changes in total and visceral fat suggest these subjects are at increased risk of the metabolic syndrome. Therefore, long-term monitoring of body fat and bone mass is mandatory after treatment of CS. © 2007 American Society for Bone and Mineral Research. ER  - 
Risk of ischemic stroke and lifetime estrogen exposure; BACKGROUND: Estrogen loss has been related to higher incidence of stroke in postmenopausal women, but randomized trials have demonstrated an increased risk of stroke in women receiving hormone replacement therapy (HRT). OBJECTIVE: To assess the relationship between exposure to endogenous ovarian hormones and the risk of noncardioembolic ischemic stroke. METHODS: We conducted a multicenter, age-matched, case-control study in postmenopausal women (case: nonembolic ischemic stroke; control: no stroke) comparing duration of ovarian activity or lifetime estrogen exposure, which was defined as age at menarche to age at menopause. Embolic cardiopathy and unreliable gynecologic data were exclusion criteria. Cardiovascular disease risk factors were recorded. The relationships of the principal variables to the risk of stroke were assessed using a conditional logistic regression analysis. RESULTS: There were 430 cases and 905 controls in the study. In the multivariate analysis, hypertension (odds ratio [OR]: 2.73; 95% CI: 2.09 to 3.58; p < 0.0001), diabetes (OR: 3.38; 95% CI: 2.53 to 4.52; p < 0.0001), hyperlipidemia (OR: 1.31; 95% CI: 1.01 to 1.7; p = 0.045), lifespan of ovarian activity <34 years (OR: 1.51; 95% CI: 1.13 to 2.03; p = 0.005), and menarche at <13 years of age (OR 1.49; 95% CI: 1.15 to 1.92; p = 0.002) were independently related to an increased risk of stroke. Obesity (OR: 0.73; 95% CI: 0.56 to 0.95; p = 0.021) was related to a lower risk of stroke. CONCLUSIONS: Longer lifetime exposure to ovarian estrogens may protect against noncardioembolic ischemic stroke. However, a very early age of exposure onset could be disadvantageous. ©2007 AAN Enterprises, Inc. ER  - 
Effect of growth hormone therapy on serum adiponectin and resistin levels in short, small-for-gestational-age children and associations with cardiovascular risk parameters; Background: Adiponectin and resistin are fat cell-derived hormones, which are thought to be respectively protective and disadvantageous with regard to the development of cardiovascular disease and diabetes mellitus type 2. Low birth weight has been associated with increased risks for the development of these diseases. In short, small-for-gestational-age (SGA) children, GH therapy has several positive effects regarding cardiovascular risk factors. On the other hand, concern has been expressed about the effects of GH therapy on insulin sensitivity. Methods: We measured adiponectin and resistin levels in 136 short prepubertal children born SGA and their association with cardiovascular risk parameters and growth factors. Also, we compared the levels with normal-statured controls. The effect of GH treatment was evaluated in 50 short SGA children vs. baseline and vs. an untreated sex- and age-matched SGA control group. Results: Short SGA children had similar adiponectin and lower resistin levels, compared with normal-statured controls. In GH-treated SGA children, neither adiponectin nor resistin levels changed significantly during 2 yr of GH treatment. Compared with untreated sex- and age-matched SGA controls, GH-treated SGA children had similar adiponectin and lower resistin levels. Adiponectin correlated inversely with age but not any cardiovascular risk parameter or growth factor. Higher IGF-I levels in GH-treated children were associated with lower resistin levels. Conclusions: Compared with normal-statured controls, short pre-pubertal SGA children had similar adiponectin and lower resistin levels. Two years of GH treatment had no effect on their adiponectin and resistin levels. Copyright © 2007 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Growth hormone is effective in treatment of short stature associated with short stature homeobox-containing gene deficiency: Two-year results of a randomized, controlled, multicenter trial; Background: The short stature homeobox-containing gene, SHOX, located on the distal ends of the X and Y chromosomes, encodes a homeodomain transcription factor responsible for a significant proportion of long-bone growth. Patients with mutations or deletions of SHOX, including those with Turner syndrome (TS) who are haploinsufficient for SHOX, have variable degrees of growth impairment, with or without a spectrum of skeletal anomalies consistent with dyschondrosteosis. Objective: Our objective was to determine the efficacy of GH in treating short stature associated with short stature homeobox-containing gene deficiency (SHOX-D). Design and Methods: Fifty-two prepubertal subjects (24 male, 28 female; age, 3.0-12.3 yr) with a molecularly proven SHOX gene defect and height below the third percentile for age and gender (or height below the 10th percentile and height velocity below the 25th percentile) were randomized to either a GH-treatment group (n = 27) or an untreated control group (n = 25) for 2 yr. To compare the GH treatment effect between subjects with SHOX-D and those with TS, a third study group, 26 patients with TS aged 4.5-11.8 yr, also received GH. Between-group comparisons of first-year and second-year height velocity, height SD score, and height gain (cm) were performed using analysis of covariance accounting for diagnosis, sex, and baseline age. Results: The GH-treated SHOX-D group had a significantly greater first-year height velocity than the untreated control group (mean ± SE, 8.7 ± 0.3 vs. 5.2 ± 0.2 cm/yr; P < 0.001) and similar first-year height velocity to GH-treated subjects with TS (8.9 ± 0.4 cm/yr; P = 0.592). GH-treated subjects also had significantly greater second-year height velocity (7.3 ± 0.2 vs. 5.4 ± 0.2 cm/yr; P < 0.001), second-year height SD score (-2.1 ± 0.2 vs. -3.0 ± 0.2; P < 0.001) and second-year height gain (16.4 ± 0.4 vs. 10.5 ± 0.4 cm; P < 0.001) than untreated subjects. Conclusions: This large-scale, randomized, multicenter clinical trial in subjects with SHOX-D demonstrates marked, highly significant, GH-stimulated increases in height velocity and height SDS during the 2-yr study period. The efficacy of GH treatment in subjects with SHOX-D was equivalent to that seen in subjects with TS. We conclude that GH is effective in improving the linear growth of patients with various forms of SHOX-D. Copyright © 2007 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Arachidonic acid content in adipose tissue is associated with insulin resistance in healthy children; BACKGROUND: The fatty acid composition of membrane structural lipids, which is partly dependent on dietary intake, is associated with insulin action. AIM: To examine the association between fatty acid composition of adipose tissue and skeletal muscle phospholipids with insulin resistance markers in a healthy pediatric population. METHODS: Using a cross-sectional design, we studied 83 healthy children divided into 3 groups, ages 2 to 5, 6 to 10 and more than 10 years. MEASUREMENTS: Fatty acid composition of adipose tissue triacylglycerols and skeletal muscle phospholipids, plasma lipid profile and fasting plasma levels of glucose and insulin were measured. RESULTS: There was a linear increase of insulinemia, glycemia and homeostasis adipose tissue model assessment (HOMA) index throughout the pediatric age range. Linoleic acid proportion in skeletal muscle and arachidonic acid proportion in adipose tissue also increased significantly with age. An age-independent positive correlation between insulinemia or HOMA index and arachidonic acid content in adipose tissue triacylglycerols (r = 0.47, P < 0.001) was found. An age-dependent negative correlation was present between insulinemia or HOMA index and oleic acid content in skeletal muscle phospholipids (r = -0.30, P = 0.03 and r = -0.28, P < 0.04, respectively). Trans fatty acids content did not correlate with any marker of insulin resistance. CONCLUSION: Healthy children present a prepubertal increase of insulin resistance, which is significantly correlated with arachidonic acid content in adipose tissue. © 2007 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc. ER  - 
Polycystic ovaries after precocious pubarche: Relation to prenatal growth; Background: In 1998, we revealed a sequence departing from prenatal growth restraint in girls and evolving, through precocious pubarche (PP) in mid-childhood, towards anovulatory and hyperinsulinaemic hyperandrogenism. The latter condition fulfilled the criteria for the diagnosis of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), which was then defined independently of the presence of polycystic ovaries (PCOs). Since 2003, the diagnosis of PCOS has been extended by adding PCO as an alternative criterion. We verified longitudinally over 28 ± 2 years the prevalence of PCO and its potential relationship to growth before birth in a group of post-PP women (n = 14, mean age = 28 years; body mass index = 24.3 kg/m 2) belonging to the original cohort of 35 girls in whom the PP-PCOS sequence was described. Methods: Endocrine-metabolic variables, body composition (by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry), carotid intima-media thickness (IMT) and ovarian morphology by transvaginal ultrasonography were assessed in all women. Results: Post-PP women with a birthweight (BW) in the lowest quartile, when compared with post-PP women with a higher BW, had smaller ovaries (mean volume = 4.0 versus 9.0 ml; P = 0.004) and a much lower prevalence of PCO (0 versus 67%; P = 0.006). The remaining variables were similar between BW subgroups. Conclusions: The presence of a PCO morphology in women with a PP history was found to relate to prenatal growth. It would be of interest to verify whether a similar relationship exists in anovulatory and/or hyperandrogenic women without PP history. © 2007 Oxford University Press. ER  - 
Modulation of circulating IGF-I and IGFBP-3 levels by hormonal regulators of energy homeostasis in obese children; Growth hormone (GH) and insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) are key factors in the control of somatic growth. Recent work revealed a critical role for the transcription factor STAT5b in GH stimulated IGF-I gene expression. In obesity, the normal regulation of the GH/IGF-I axis is disturbed, with normal levels of circulating IGF-I despite blunted GH secretion. We hypothesized that leptin or other hormonal regulators of energy homeostasis, which can activate Stat5b-regulated gene expression or exert an effect on GH secretion, might be able to substitute for GH in terms of IGF-I synthesis. Thus, the aim of this study was to identify potential regulators of IGF-I serum levels in obesity with a particular focus on the interaction of leptin and IGF-I. In a cross-sectional study, we measured hormonal and auxiological parameters in 99 obese children who were referred to our obesity outpatient clinic and analysed correlations between unadjusted hormone levels and between hormone concentrations expressed as SDS values, adjusted for sex, age, and/or puberty and BMI. Serum concentrations of IGF-I correlated highly significant with IGFBP-3, leptin, fasting ghrelin and insulin (p<0.001). However, when expressing hormone levels as SDS values, only leptin SDS and IGFBP-3 SDS correlated significantly with IGF-I SDS (p<0.01). This correlation between leptin SDS and IGF-I SDS was more pronounced in prepubertal and in male subjects, with increasing IGF-I SDS values paralleling an increase in leptin SDS tertiles in prepubertal subjects. In linear regression analyses, leptin SDS, IGFBP-3 SDS and BMI SDS contributed significantly to the variation of IGF-I SDS values, and explained 53.3% of the variability of IGF-I SDS levels in male subjects. Summary and conclusions: In summary, we demonstrated a strong correlation of age and sex-adjusted standard deviation scores (SDS) for IGF-I and leptin in obese children, which is modulated by sex, pubertal stage and body weight. Whether this association results from a direct induction of hepatic IGF-I gene expression by leptin or reflects a more complex interrelationship between IGF-I and obesity-related factors should be subject of future research. © J. A. Barth Verlag in Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart. ER  - 
Shorter remission period in young versus older children with diabetes mellitus type 1; Background: The initial period of diabetes type 1 is of great importance, since early metabolic adjustment has profound impact on long term control. The majority of pediatric centers in Germany participate in a national quality initiative, providing longitudinal data for central analysis. Patients: 104543 anonymous data sets were obtained from 6123 pediatric patients under 18 years who were treated in 157 pediatric centers and monitored for 36 months at the same center starting from diagnosis. Results: Partial remission (insulin <0.5 U/kg/d and HbA1c ≤7.0%) was present in 1992 children (32.5%) within the first 3 months after diagnosis. Remission phase lasted in average for 0.74±0.77 years and was significantly shorter in children below 10 years of age at onset of diabetes compared to the older patients. The remission period was significantly longer in boys, particularly in children under 10 years (p=0.0039). Multiple regression analysis showed a longer remission phase in children with pubertal diabetes onset. The children entering remission were younger, more often boys and had a lower initial HbA1c level. Conclusion: These data from a large multicenter group of children with diabetes type 1 emphasize the influence of gender, pubertal stage and age at manifestation on the amount of insulin required, and therefore the clinical remission, during the first three years of the disease. © J.A. Barth Verlag in Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart. ER  - 
Insulin sensitivity obtained from the oral glucose tolerance test and its relationship with birthweight; Background: Glucose intolerance and insulin sensitivity in preadolescent children might predict the risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus in adult life in small for gestational age (SGA) children. We aimed to investigate whether reduced birthweight is related to low insulin sensitivity in preadolescence. Subjects and methods: Twenty-five SGA children and 29 appropriate for gestational age children (AGA) children born between 1993 and 1994 were evaluated for insulin sensitivity in preadolescence. At the beginning of the study, body mass index (BMI) was calculated and an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) was performed. Blood samples to measure glucose and insulin were taken every 30 minutes during OGTT. Homeostasis of model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and composite index (CI) values were measured to assess insulin sensitivity. Results: On the OGTT, 120-minute glucose and insulin levels were higher in SGA than AGA children (P=0.02 and P=0.001, respectively). Although there was no difference between HOMA-IR values, the mean CI value was lower in SGA than AGA children (P=0.001). There was an inverse correlation between birthweight and 120-minute glucose concentrations (r=-0.30, P=0.02). This correlation was stronger between birthweight and 120-minute insulin concentrations (r=-0.50, P=0.001). BMI was positively correlated with 120-minute insulin (r=0.50, P=0.001). There was no relationship between HOMA-IR values and birth size, but the CI index was positively correlated with birthweight (r=0.40, P=0.002). Conclusions: Birthweight may be a predictive factor for insulin sensitivity and CI is more reliable than HOMA-IR to assess this sensitivity in preadolescence. ER  - 
Associations of total, dairy, and meat protein with markers for bone turnover in healthy, prepubertal boys; We previously reported that high intake of milk, but not meat, equal in protein content, increased serum insulin-like growth factor-I (sIGF-I) in prepubertal boys. sIGF-I plays a key role in bone metabolism. Therefore, the aim of this cross-sectional study was to investigate associations of total, dairy, and meat protein intake with markers for bone turnover and sIGF-I in prepubertal, healthy boys (n = 81). We measured bone turnover (enzyme-linked immunoassay) in serum osteocalcin (sOC), bone-specific alkaline phosphatase (sBAP), and C-terminal telopeptide of collagen type-I (sCTX); dietary intake was estimated from a 3-d weighed food record. sIGF-I and its binding protein-3 were assessed (immunoassay) in a subgroup of 56 boys. All statistical models included effects of age, BMI, and energy intake. Dairy protein was negatively associated with sOC (P = 0.05) but not significantly associated with sBAP and sCTX. Further analyses showed that dairy protein decreased (P = 0.05) sOC at a high meat protein intake (>0.8 g/kg), whereas meat protein increased (P = 0.03) sOC at a low dairy protein intake (<0.4 g/kg). Total and meat protein intake was positively associated with sBAP (P ≤ 0.04) but not significantly associated with sOC and sCTX. Free sIGF-I was positively associated with total (P < 0.01) and dairy (P = 0.06) protein but not with meat protein. Our results indicate that dairy and meat protein may exhibit a distinct regulatory effect on different markers for bone turnover. Future studies should focus on differential effects of dairy and meat protein on bone health during growth. © 2007 American Society for Nutrition. ER  - 
Prediction of fat-free body mass from bioelectrical impedance among 9- to 11-year-old Swedish children; Aim: Predictive equations for estimating body composition from bioelectrical impedance analysis (BIA) among Scandinavian children are lacking. In the present study, equations for estimation of fat-free body mass (FFM) and lean tissue mass (LTM) were developed and cross-validated from BIA using dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA) as the reference measurement of body composition. Methods: The study population consisted of 49 girls and 52 boys aged 9-11 years from Malmö, Sweden. Bioelectrical impedance was measured between hand and foot at 50 kHz. Predictive equations were developed by multiple linear regression and cross-validated against DXA measurements of body composition. Results: FFM was predicted from BIA and anthropometric variables with an adjusted R2 = 0.95 and root mean square error (RMSE) = 0.84 kg, and LTM was predicted with an adjusted R2 = 0.95 and RMSE = 0.87 kg. Cross-validation revealed a mean RMSE = 0.95 kg FFM and a mean RMSE = 0.96 kg LTM. Prediction of body composition from equations developed in previous literature was mixed when applied to the present cohort of children. Conclusions: FFM and LTM are predicted with sufficient accuracy at the population level. We recommend that the predictive equations developed in the present study are used in prepubescent European children aged 9-11 years only in order to minimize confounding of results because of possible differences in population samples. © 2006 The Authors Journal Compilation. ER  - 
Cardiovascular risk factors in children. Main findings of the four provinces study; Atherosclerosis is a process that begins during the first few decades of life, progresses asymptomatically, and generally shows no clinical manifestations until adulthood. The Spanish Four Provinces study, which involved 1275 prepubertal children, was an investigation into childhood risk factors for atherosclerosis (e.g., diet, anthropometric variables, lipid levels, and some genetic factors) that may be related to the occurrence of coronary artery disease in adults. In this review, we summarize the study's most important findings. The Four Provinces study showed that several factors associated with the metabolic syndrome (i.e., obesity, and raised glucose and triglyceride levels), which can lead to coronary disease in adults, are already present in schoolchildren. What is more, children from provinces with high coronary disease mortality weighed more and had higher plasma triglyceride and glucose levels. A high percentage of children in all provinces studied had total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol plasma levels above the recommended values. Despite the presence of some positive features in the population as a whole, such as a raised high-density lipoprotein cholesterol level and low prevalence of the apolipoprotein-E 4̇allele, which is known to be related to cardiovascular risk, if the metabolic changes described above persist, the risk of cardiovascular disease in Spain can only increase in the future. These metabolic characteristics are associated with a high-fat, low-carbohydrate diet which is far from that currently recommended for children. Correction of this poor diet at an early age would have significant benefits for the prevention of cardiovascular disease. ER  - 
Genetic association study of growth hormone receptor and idiopathic scoliosis; Although the etiology of scoliosis is multifactorial, genetic factors play an important role. Recent linkage studies on familial idiopathic scoliosis revealed multiple putative predisposition loci. A genetic association study is complementary to linkage studies in defining the genetic basis of complex traits of diseases like idiopathic scoliosis. The onset and progression of adolescent idiopathic scoliosis is a manifestation of aberrant growth in the spine. Meanwhile, a high proportion of patients with adolescent idiopathic scoliosis have additional phenotypes, which suggest systemic growth dys-regulation during puberty. The growth hormone-insulin-like growth factor axis plays the principle role in skeletal growth regulation. Because growth hormone receptor alleles were associated with body stature and response to growth hormone treatment, we hypothesized the growth hormone receptor is a candidate predisposing and disease modifier gene for adolescent idiopathic scoliosis. Five hundred ten girls with adolescent idiopathic scoliosis and 363 normal subjects were recruited. Curve severity, arm span, and bone mineral densities were recorded. Five polymorphisms were studied by polymerase chain reaction-restriction fragment length polymorphism. All the genotype and allele frequencies were comparable between groups. The Cobb angles among patients of different genotypes were similar. The growth hormone receptor did not appear to be a predisposing gene or disease modifier gene of adolescent idiopathic scoliosis. © 2007 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc. ER  - 
Stability of IGF-I concentration despite divergent results of repeated GH stimulating tests indicates poor reproducibility of test results; Objective. Growth hormone (GH) secretion is routinely assessed in provocative tests. However, some limitations of these tests have been reported, including a weak correlation between spontaneous GH secretion and GH peak in stimulating tests, poor reproducibility of test results and normalisation of previously decreased GH response to stimulation in the repeated provocative tests. The observed discrepancies between the results of consecutive GH stimulating tests in the same patient may be explained either by real changes in GH secretion or by the poor reproducibility of GH response to stimulation. Normalisation of previously decreased GH secretion should entail the increase of insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) concentration, while stability of IGF-I secretion despite divergent GH response to stimulation in repeated tests might indicate the poor reproducibility of GH stimulating tests. continue with The aim of the study was a comparison of GH peak in repeated stimulating tests and of corresponding, simultaneously measured IGF-I concentration. Methods. The investigation comprised 84 children with short stature who underwent repeated GH tests and IGF-I evaluation. In 60 patients each of two different tests (with clonidine and with glucagon, in standard doses) was performed twice, together with IGF-I measurement during both evaluations. In 20 patients (remaining in the same pubertal stage during the time period between the procedures in question) at least one test, together with IGF-I measurement, was repeated within one year. Results. The correlation between the results of GH tests, repeated during the two evaluations, was weak (r=0.22, p<0.05 for all patients and r=0.25, p<0.05 for the patients examined 2 times within 1 year), with the high within-subject variability (43.4 % and 59.5 %, respectively). Conversely, the correlation between two values of IGF-I SDS was good both for all patients (r=0.65, p<0.05) and - especially - for the patients examined twice within 1 year (r=0.96, p<0.05), with low within-subject variability for the latter subgroup of patients (11.2 %). The same GH stimulating tests, performed twice in the same patient, led to different conclusions (either the confirmation of GHD diagnosis or its exclusion) in most of examined patients. Poor reproducibility of GH stimulating tests, rather than the possibility of short-term changes in GH secretion, was confirmed. ER  - 
Deterioration of insulin sensitivity and beta-cell function in overweight Hispanic children during pubertal transition: a longitudinal assessment.; To examine 1-year changes in insulin dynamics in overweight Hispanic children at high-risk of type 2 diabetes as a function of body composition and pubertal transition. Longitudinal changes in insulin dynamics, body composition and maturation were determined in 132 Hispanic children (70 boys/62 girls; aged 10.9 +/- 1.8 years). Body composition was determined by dual energy x-ray absorptiometry and Tanner stage by physical examination. Insulin sensitivity (SI), the acute insulin response to glucose (AIR) and the disposition index (DI; an index of beta-cell function) were determined using an insulin modified intravenous glucose tolerance test. These measures were conducted at baseline and 1-year later. Fat mass increased by 13% (3.0 kg) and SI declined by 24%. In repeated measures analysis of variance, the fall in insulin sensitivity over 1 year remained highly significant even after adjusting for baseline fat mass, age, gender and change in fat mass. The fall in SI was not significantly influenced by Tanner stage. However, subjects in earlier maturation showed a compensatory increase in AIR (i.e. appropriate beta-cell compensation), whereas subjects in the latter stages of maturation did not (i.e. poor compensation). These results indicate that failure to increase AIR in response to the fall in SI may be one factor in the pathogenesis of the progression of pediatric type 2 diabetes in this at risk population. ER  - 
Growth and body composition in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus; Objective: To evaluate the growth and body composition of pre-pubertal diabetic children, and to check for influence of the age of diabetes onset and length, sex, insulin requirement and glycosylated hemoglobin. Patients and methods: 59 diabetic children (39 M; 29 F), age 1.2-11.5 years, and 67 controls (36 M; 31 F), age 1.2-11.7 years were included. Weight, height, body mass index (BMI), arm circumference, skin folds, fat mass and muscle areas were evaluated and transformed into standard deviation scores (SDS). Results: Among the diabetic children the mean height SDS was -0.13 (± 0.97) while in the control group it was 0.28 (± 0.86) (p= 0.013). The difference between the first and the current height SDS showed that the height SDS decreased significantly (p< 0.001) and multiple regression analysis indicated correlation with the duration of the disease. The mean arm fat SDS also revealed difference (p< 0.001). The means for weight, BMI, addition of 3 skinfolds and muscle mass did not demonstrate difference between the groups. Conclusions: The diabetic children showed reduction of height SDS during the period studied and they were significantly shorter than the controls, even though their statures were within the population standards. The arm fat area also showed to be increased in relation with the controls. ER  - 
Longitudinal study of physiologic insulin resistance and metabolic changes of puberty; Cross-sectional studies have shown that 1) adolescents are insulin resistant compared with prepubertal children and adults, 2) pubertal insulin resistance is likely mediated by growth hormone (GH), and 3) pubertal insulin resistance is associated with increased fat oxidation and decreased glucose oxidation. The aim of this study was to assess the validity of these cross-sectional observations by performing a longitudinal study in normal children during the prepubertal and pubertal periods. Nine healthy, normal weight, prepubertal children underwent hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic and hyperglycemic clamp studies for evaluation of insulin sensitivity and insulin secretion. Children had repeat evaluations during puberty. Consistent with cross-sectional observations, this longitudinal study demonstrated that during puberty: 1) insulin sensitivity decreased by ∼50%, 2) the decrease in insulin sensitivity was compensated by a doubling in insulin secretion, and 3) the decrease in insulin sensitivity was independent of changes in percentage of body fat. Puberty was associated with increased total body lipolysis and decreased glucose oxidation. A novel observation is the demonstration of ∼50% decrease in adiponectin levels at the pubertal time point. These metabolic changes are proposed to be partially mediated by increased GH secretion and are consistent with the Randle cycle of competition between glucose and fat oxidation. © International Pediatrics Research Foundation, Inc. 2006. All Rights Reserved. ER  - 
Insulin sensitivity in remission of type 1 diabetes mellitus in children and adolescents; Introduction: The clinical remission of type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) is characterized by reduced insulin requirements, while good metabolic control is maintained. It has been suggested that remission is a result of improved insulin secretion, but some evidence suggests that remission also is a result of improved insulin sensitivity. The aim of the study was to estimate the relationship between prevalence of clinical remission in T1DM children and adolescents and insulin sensitivity. Material and methods: 122 patients at the age 6.8-17.9 years with newly diagnosed T1DM were recruited into the study. The patients were observed for 6 months. Clinical remission was recognized when daily dose of insulin was ≤0.3 U/kg and HbA1c≤6.5%. Euglycemic-hyperinsulinemic clamp was performed to assess insulin resistance. Glucose disposal rate (M index) determined during the last 30 min of the test was used to estimate the insulin resistance. HbA1c was examined by HPLC. Results: Remission was recognized in 26 (21.3%) patients, complete remission in 2 of them. The frequency of remission was higher in boys than in girls (28.2 vs. 11.8%; p=0.05). Remission rates were higher in prepubertal, than in pubertal and post pubertal children (p=0.06). There was a relationship between insulin sensitivity, the age of patients (r=-0.41; p<0.001) and BMI (r=-0.44; p<0.0001). In the 6th month of T1DM better insulin sensitivity was observed in patients with remission than in children without it (9.75±0.51 vs. 8.12±0.26 mg/kg/min; p=0.02). Negative correlation was noted between insulin dose and M index (r =-0.28; p=0.002). Conclusions: In type 1 diabetic children and adolescents the prevalence of clinical remission is associated with improvement of insulin sensitivity. Patients with remission show better insulin sensitivity. ER  - 
Growth hormone treatment improves growth and clinical status in prepubertal children with cystic fibrosis: Results of a multicenter randomized controlled trial; Context: This multicenter, randomized, controlled, crossover trial of prepubertal children with cystic fibrosis (CF) tests the hypotheses that recombinant human GH (rhGH) treatment 1) improves height, weight, lean mass, and bone content irrespective of baseline measures; 2) improves clinical status and quality of life; and 3) has continued effect after cessation after 1 yr of treatment. Methods: Sixty-one prepubertal subjects (≤25th percentile for height and weight) were randomized into two groups: daily rhGH treatment or no treatment groups for 1 yr. In yr 2, treatments were crossed over. Outcome measures included serial standardized height and weight, number of hospitalizations and antibiotic courses, random blood glucose levels, lean mass, bone mineral content, pulmonary function, nutritional intake, and CF quality of life questionnaires. Results: Groups were similar at baseline and prepubertal during the entire study. After 1 yr, GH showed significantly greater gain in height, weight, lean mass, and bone mineral content. Gain in height was similar regardless of baseline. There were fewer hospitalizations in the rhGH-treated group and improvement in CF quality of life questionnaires measures of weight and body image. There was no difference in pulmonary function between groups. Results were similar in those treated with rhGH the second year. After cessation of rhGH treatment, there was sustained effect for increased height and weight velocity, as well as accrual of bone mineral. Conclusion: rhGH therapy improves height and weight, decreases the number of hospitalizations, and improves quality of life in prepubertal children with CF. These effects are sustained after rhGH is discontinued. Copyright © 2006 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Intima-media thickness in obese children before and after weight loss; OBJECTIVE. Obesity in childhood is related to increased intima-media thickness, a noninvasive marker for early atherosclerotic changes. The objective of this study was to analyze the changes of intima-media thickness in obese children with weight loss. METHODS. We analyzed the changes of intima-media thickness and, as markers of cardiovascular risk factor profile, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, triglycerides, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, glucose, insulin, and insulin resistance index (homeostasis model analysis) in 56 prepubertal obese children (median: 9 years old) before and after a 1-year outpatient intervention program. The control group consisted of 10 nonobese children of the same age and gender. We determined the carotid intima-media thickness by B-mode ultrasound with a 14-MHz linear transducer. Substantial weight loss was defined by a reduction of overweight of at least 0.5 standard deviation scores in BMI. RESULTS. Obese children demonstrated a significantly thicker intima-media compared with the control group. Furthermore, blood pressure, triglycerides, insulin, and insulin resistance index were significantly higher in obese children, whereas high-density lipoprotein cholesterol was significantly lower. In the 24 obese children with substantial weight loss, intima-media thickness, blood pressure, triglycerides, insulin, and insulin resistance index decreased significantly, whereas high-density lipoprotein cholesterol increased significantly. In the 32 obese children without substantial weight loss, there were no significant changes apart from an increase of insulin and insulin resistance index. CONCLUSIONS. Because obese children demonstrated a thicker intima-media, vascular changes seemed to occur already in childhood obesity. Paralleling the improvement of the cardiovascular risk factor profile, intima-media thickness decreased in obese children with substantial weight loss, suggesting the reversibility of early atherosclerotic changes. Copyright © 2006 by the American Academy of Pediatrics. ER  - 
Prevalence of microalbuminuria in children and adolescents with diabetes mellitus type I; Persistent microalbuminuria is predictive of nephropathy in patients with type I diabetes mellitus (DM) and has led to the development of screening programs and intervention studies. We report a longitudinal evaluation of urinary albumin excretion in 118 children with type I DM, attending a single clinic over a period of seven years. Collected blood and urine samples were analyzed for glycated hemoglobin (Hb A1c), cholesterol, triglyceride (TG), creatinine and for 12 h urinary albumin and creatinine concentrations. Blood pressures were recorded and clinical data collected. Twenty-three (19.5%) children had persistent microalbuminuria (urine albumin 30-300 mg/24 h) on at least three consecutive occasions. Factors associated with microalbuminuria in diabetic children included longer duration of DM, higher mean age, higher mean Hb A1c, higher mean arterial blood pressure and higher cholesterol and TG levels (P < 0.001). Significantly more girls than boys and more pubertal and post pubertal patients had microalbuminuria but one patient developed microalbuminuria under the age of 11 years. In conclusion, microalbuminuria may appear as early as the prepubertal period, suggesting that metabolic control of DM is an important factor of diabetic nephropathy. ©2006 Tehran University of Medical Sciences. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Insulin resistance and ferritin as major determinants of abnormal serum aminotransferase in severely obese children.; OBJECTIVES: Liver involvement is a common complication of obesity related in part to insulin resistance. The role of ferritin has not been investigated in children. The aim was to determine the prevalence of liver enzyme abnormalities in severely obese children and to look for relationships between fat mass distribution, insulin resistance, and plasma ferritin. METHODS: 197 children with severe obesity (defined as a body mass index Z-score (BMI-Z) > 3.0) were studied prospectively from 2001 to 2004. Serum alanine aminotransferase (ALT) and aspartate aminotransferase (AST) values were measured, as well as anthropometric characteristics: blood pressure; body composition by dual energy X-ray absorptiometry, and plasma fasting glucose, insulin, leptin, lipid, and ferritin concentrations. RESULTS: Serum ALT and AST values were abnormal in 23 (11.7%) and 13 (6.6%) children, respectively. By univariate analysis, serum ALT and AST values were positively correlated with android fat mass distribution (P < 0.0001 and P = 0.005, respectively) after adjustment for age, sex, ethnicity, and Tanner stage. Using the same model, a positive correlation and a positive trend linked plasma ferritin to serum AST (P = 0.02) and serum ALT (P = 0.06), respectively. Serum ALTwas positively correlated to insulin resistance (P = 0.03). Using a multivariate model, with the android/gynoid fat mass ratio as an additional independent variable, ferritin remained correlated with serum AST and ALT (P = 0.001 and P = 0.008, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: Abnormal serum aminotransferase values are uncommon in severely obese children in France. Android fat mass distribution, insulin resistance, and higher ferritin concentrations are significantly associated with liver abnormalities in our cohort. ER  - 
Protein oxidation in obesity and insulin resistance; Introduction: Advanced oxidation protein products (AOPP) are considered reliable markers to estimate the degree of oxidant-mediated protein damage. Data on oxidative stress in childhood obesity and insulin resistance are limited. Objective: The aim of this study was to investigate the AOPP level as an oxidative stress marker in obesity and insulin resistance. The study included 57 pubertal obese children and adolescents (30 girls and 27 boys) and 20 healthy pubertal children and adolescents (11 girls and 9 boys). Materials and Methods: All participants in the obesity group underwent an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and two separate groups were formed according to the existence of insulin resistance. Results: AOPP levels were measured in the obesity and control groups spectrophotometrically. The obesity group consisted of 25 children and adolescents with insulin resistance and 32 subjects without insulin resistance. AOPP levels in the obesity group were found to be significantly higher than those in the control group. Although AOPP levels in the subjects with insulin resistance were higher than the subjects without insulin resistance, there was no significant difference between AOPP levels of subgroups with insulin resistance and without insulin resistance. Conclusion: This study showed protein oxidation in obesity with a novel oxidative stress marker and it also suggests that insulin resistance may play an important role as a source of oxidative stress in the development of other diseases after pubertal years. © Springer-Verlag 2006. ER  - 
Prevalence of Dyslipidemia in Non-Obese Prepubertal Children and its Association with Family History of Diabetes, High Blood Pressure, and Obesity; Background: Because obesity masks the need for screening, there is no previous description of dyslipidemia in healthy normal-weight children. The aims of this study were a) to determine the prevalence of disorders in lipid profile among non-obese prepubertal children, and b) to establish its association with the family history (FH) of high blood pressure (HBP), type 2 diabetes (T2-DM), and obesity. Methods: A random sample of 439 healthy normal-weight children, 218 girls and 221 boys, aged 10-13 years and Tanner stage 1-2 were enrolled in a community-based cross-sectional study carried out in Durango, in northern Mexico. For verifying accuracy of FH, a direct detailed medical history including anthropometric and laboratory measurements was directly obtained from both parents. Results: Among parents, prevalence (95% CI) of T2-DM, HBP, and obesity was 8.3% (3.5-14.3), 14.2% (8.6-24.6), and 28.5% (24-33), and for hypercholesterolemia, low HDL-cholesterol, high LDL-cholesterol, hypertriglyceridemia, and mixed hyperlipidemia 17.9 % (15-20), 27.8% (25-30), 14.3% (12-16), 32.3% (29-35), and 9.8 % (8-12), respectively. Among children, prevalence (95% CI) for high total cholesterol, low HDL-cholesterol, high LDL-cholesterol, isolated hypertriglyceridemia, and mixed hyperlipidemia was 15.9% (12.6-19.5); 6.2% (4.0-8.5); 14.6% (11.4-18.0); 9.3% (6.7-12.2); and 3.6% (2.1-5.8), respectively. Sex- and birth weight-adjusted odds ratio (95% CI) showed that FH of T2-DM, but not of HBP and obesity, was associated with hypercholesterolemia (2.1; 1.2-6.2), low HDL-cholesterol (1.8; 1.1-5.7), and hypertriglyceridemia (2.3; 1.1-6.4). Conclusions: Non-obese children in this sample display a high prevalence of abnormalities in lipid profile associated with FH of T2-DM. © 2006 IMSS. ER  - 
Abnormal myocardial deformation properties in obese, non-hypertensive children: An ambulatory blood pressure monitoring, standard echocardiographic, and strain rate imaging study; Aims: The prevalence of obesity is increasing among children in the developed world. The association of obesity and abnormal cardiac function is still debated. The reported changes may reflect the role of comorbidities that contribute to ventricular dysfunction. Obese children, without arterial hypertension, may be a unique clinical opportunity to evaluate the effect of obesity, per se, on myocardial function, excluding the influence of possible comorbidities. We sought to define the preclinical effects of obesity on the cardiovascular system, of healthy children with excess weight who have no other clinically appreciable cause of heart disease, using the more sensitive ultrasonic-derived strain and strain rate (SR) imaging. Methods and results: We studied 300 subjects divided into two groups: (i) obese children (Group O: n=150; age, 12±3 years); (ii) healthy lean children comparable for age, sex, and pubertal stage (Referents: n=150; mean age, 12±3 years). Systolic (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP), as well as 24 h-SBP and 24 h-DBP were comparable between groups. Left ventricular (LV) mass/height 2.7 was increased (P<0.0001) in Group O (46±12 g/m 2.7) when compared with Referents (31±14 gm2.7). Standard echocardiographic indices of global systolic function were similar in the two groups. Intima-media thickness measured at the common carotid artery was not significantly different (P=0.4) in obese children (0.46±0.09 mm) when compared with Referents (0.45±0.07 mm). Obese children showed regional longitudinal peak systolic myocardial deformation properties (SR=-1.4±0.7 s-1) lower (P<0.0001) than those of Referents (SR=-2.2±0.5) in both left and right ventricle. In multivariable analysis, average peak systolic SR was significantly correlated with homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (P<0.01; coefficient, 0.02; SE, 0.011), and insulin serum concentration (P<0.01; coefficient, 0.05; SE, 0.023). Average LV peak systolic strain was significantly correlated with body mass index (P=0.0001; coefficient, 0.06; SE, 0.016), LVM/H2.7 (P=0.006; coefficient, 0.016; SE, 0.018). Conclusion: Our study demonstrated that obesity, in absence of hypertension, is associated with significant reduction in systolic myocardial deformation properties already in childhood involving both right and left ventricle. Obesity not only is a risk factor for later cardiovascular disease, but also is associated with contemporaneous and significant impairment of longitudinal myocardial deformation properties. © The European Society of Cardiology 2006. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Hyperinsulinemia, impaired glucose tolerance, and diabetes mellitus in survivors of childhood cancer: Prevalence and risk factors; Context: Hyperinsulinism and its associated metabolic abnormalities, including diabetes mellitus (DM), have been reported in longterm survivors of childhood cancer, mainly after bone marrow transplant (BMT); however, the predisposing factors are unclear, and early markers have not been identified. Methods: The prevalence of overweight/obesity, abdominal adiposity and hyperinsulinemia (HI), impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), or DM was examined prospectively in 248 survivors of childhood cancer (36 prepubertal, 88 pubertal, and 124 adult subjects; 67 BMT) at a median of 12.9 yr (2.3-33.6) after diagnosis and compared with healthy controls. Potential risk factors for the development of HI, IGT, or DM were sought. Results: Overweight/obesity was not increased when comparing subjects with controls; however, the prevalence of abdominal adiposity in prepubertal and pubertal subjects was roughly doubled (P ≤ 0.04). Fasting insulin concentrations were higher in prepubertal and pubertal subjects compared with their controls (P < 0.001) and were similar in adult and pubertal subjects. HI, IGT, or DM was detected in 39 of 212 (18%) pubertal or adult subjects (23 BMT). Ten of 88 (11%) pubertal and 14 of 124 (11%) adult subjects had IGT/DM (vs. 0 and 4.9% controls, respectively; P < 0.001). Total body irradiation, untreated hypogonadism, and abdominal adiposity emerged as independent risk factors for the development of HI, IGT, or DM in multivariate regression analysis. Conclusions: The risk factors identified suggest the need for reconsideration of BMT protocols and regular screening of survivors. The increased prevalence of abdominal adiposity among prepubertal subjects, none of whom had developed HI/IGT/DM, suggests that a waist to height ratio greater than 0.5 has potential as a clinical screening tool. Copyright © 2006 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Adiponectin in childhood and adolescent obesity and its association with inflammatory markers and components of the metabolic syndrome; Context: Adiponectin levels are lower in obese children and adolescents, whereas markers of inflammation and proinflammatory cytokines are higher. Hypoadiponectinemia may contribute to the low-grade systemic chronic inflammatory state associated with childhood obesity. Objective: We investigated whether C-reactive protein (CRP), the prototype of inflammation, is related to adiponectin levels independently of insulin resistance and adiposity. Design, Setting, Participants, and Main Outcome Measures: In a multiethnic cohort of 589 obese children and adolescents, we administered a standard oral glucose tolerance test and obtained baseline measurements for adiponectin, plasma lipid profile, CRP, IL-6, and leptin. Results: Stratifying the cohort into quartiles of adiponectin levels and adjusting for potential confounding variables, such as age, gender, ethnicity, body mass index z-score, pubertal status, and insulin sensitivity, the present study revealed that low levels of adiponectin are associated not only with higher CRP levels, but also with components of the metabolic syndrome, such as low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and a high triglyceride-to-high-density-lipoprotein ratio. Conclusions: The link between adiponectin levels and a strong marker of inflammation, CRP, is independent of insulin resistance and adiposity in obese children and adolescents. Adiponectin may be one of the signals linking inflammation and obesity. Thus, adiponectin may function as a biomarker of the metabolic syndrome in childhood obesity. Copyright © 2006 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Serum insulin-like factor 3 levels during puberty in healthy boys and boys with Klinefelter syndrome; Context: Levels of the Leydig cell-specific hormone insulin-like factor 3 (INSL3) are incompletely characterized in boys during pubertal development. Objective: The objective of the study was to characterize changes in INSL3 levels during spontaneous puberty in healthy boys, boys with aromatase inhibitor-induced hypergonadotropic hyperandrogenism, and boys with Leydig cell dysfunction. Design: This was a prospective clinical study. Setting: The study was conducted at a university hospital pediatric endocrinology outpatient clinic. Patients: Patients included 30 healthy boys with idiopathic short stature (ISS) aged 9.0-14.5 yr and 14 boys with Klinefelter syndrome (KS) aged 10-13.9 yr. Intervention: In ISS boys, intervention included aromatase inhibitor letrozole or placebo for 24 months. Main Outcome Measures: Serum INSL3 levels in relation to bone age, Tanner pubertal stages, and LH and testosterone levels were measured. Results: Onset of puberty was associated with a significant increase in INSL3 levels from 0.06 ± 0.01 ng/ml at Tanner G1 to 0.32 ± 0.16 ng/ml at G2 (P < 0.0001). Adult INSL3 levels (≥0.55 ng/ml) were attained at bone age 13-14 yr. ISS boys with letrozole-induced hypergonadotropic hyperandrogenism had, after 12 months of therapy, higher INSL3 levels than did placebo treated (0.85 ± 0.54 vs. 0.26 ± 0.17 ng/ml, P < 0.01). In KS boys during spontaneous puberty, after an initial increase similar to that in healthy boys, INSL3 concentrations leveled off despite hyperstimulation by LH. Positive correlations occurred between serum INSL3 and LH and between INSL3 and testosterone levels in all three groups (P < 0.0001). Conclusions: In boys, the Leydig cell-specific hormone INSL3 may serve as a new marker for onset and progression of puberty. Pubertal increase in INSL3 levels seems to depend on LH. In KS subjects, INSL3 concentrations indicate Leydig cell dysfunction from midpuberty onward. Copyright © 2006 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Relationship between adiponectin levels, acylated ghrelin levels, and short-term body mass index changes in children with diabetes mellitus type 1 at diagnosis and after insulin therapy; Objective: To determine the effect of the initial metabolic imbalance and its restoration after insulin therapy on adiponectin and acylated ghrelin levels in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM). Study design: Twenty prepubertal children with newly diagnosed T1DM were prospectively studied at diagnosis and after 1 and 4 months of therapy. Body mass index (BMI) and serum levels of adiponectin, resistin, total and acylated ghrelin, leptin, tumor necrosis factor α (TNF-α), and interleukin-6 (IL-6) were determined. The control group comprised 40 healthy prepubertal children. Results: BMI was decreased at diagnosis, normalized at 1 month, and remained so thereafter. Adiponectin levels at diagnosis were similar to controls, increasing significantly after 1 month and normalizing at 4 months. Acylated ghrelin levels were lower at diagnosis, with a significant increase at 1 month and normalizing at 4 months. Resistin levels were normal at all time points. Leptin levels were decreased, while TNF-α: and IL-6 were increased at diagnosis and normalized at 1 month. Conclusions: These findings suggest that BMI is not the main predictor of acylated ghrelin or adiponectin levels in newly diagnosed T1DM subjects and that these peptides may play an important role in the metabolic adaptation in this disease. © 2006 Society of the European Journal of Endocrinology. ER  - 
Pubertal timing is an independent predictor of central adiposity in young adult males: The Gothenburg osteoporosis and obesity determinants study; The role of puberty and normal variations in pubertal timing for the development of obesity in men is unclear. The aim of the current study was to investigate the impact of pubertal timing and prepubertal BMI (kg/m2) for young adult BMI and fat mass distribution. Detailed growth charts from birth to age 18-20 years were retrieved for the men participating in the population-based Gothenburg Osteoporosis and Obesity Determinants study. Age at peak height velocity (PHV) and BMI at age 10 years were estimated for 579 subjects, and PHV was used as an assessment of pubertal timing. The fat mass characterization and distribution were analyzed using dual X-ray absorptiometry and peripheral as well as abdominal computed tomography at age 18.9 ± 0.5 years. We demonstrate that age at PHV is an independent negative predictor of young adult BMI and whole-body fat mass. Interestingly, age at PHV is an independent negative predictor of central, but not peripheral, fat mass. In contrast, BMI at 10 years of age predicts both central and peripheral subcutaneous fat mass. In conclusion, we demonstrate that early pubertal onset specifically predicts a central fat mass distribution, while a predominantly subcutaneous obese phenotype is strongly predicted by a high prepubertal BMI. © 2006 by the American Diabetes Association. ER  - 
Weight evolution in girls treated for idiopathic central precocious puberty with GnRH analogues; Data concerning the effects of GnRHa on weight gain are scarce. Objective: To assess the variation of the body mass index (BMI) in girls during GnRHa treatment for idiopathic central precocious puberty (CPP). Patients and methods: Semestral anthropometric data from 176 girls treated with goserelin or leuprorelin were analyzed. Results: BMI z-score increased from 1.5 ± 0.1 SD before treatment (n = 176) to 1.7 ± 0.2 SD after 24 months (n = 61, p = 0.008). In girls with normal weight before treatment, this variation was greater (n = 112, 0.2 ± 0.1 SD, p = 0.01) than in those who were overweight (n = 63, -0.9 ± 0.2 SD, p = 0.7). In the goserelin group the weight change adjusted for bone age was greater (n = 28, 0.4 ± 0.1 SD) than in the leuprorelin group (n = 5, 0.04 ± 0.1 SD, p = 0.05). Conclusions: A slight increase in BMI was noted, mainly in girls with normal weight before treatment. The influence of different GnRHa on weight must be further investigated. © Freund Publishing House Ltd., London. ER  - 
Hyperinsulinemia in healthy children and adolescents with a positive family history for type 2 diabetes; OBJECTIVE. Our goal was to determine the relationship between family history of type 2 diabetes and fasting hyperinsulinemia in healthy children and adolescents. METHODS. A total of 317 children and adolescents, 10 to 14 years of age with Tanner stage 1 or 2, were randomly selected from elementary and middle schools in Durango, northern Mexico, to participate in a cross-sectional, community-based study. Family history was ascertained by a direct, detailed medical examination that included anthropometric and laboratory measurements from both parents. We determined the prevalence of family history of type 2 diabetes, high blood pressure, obesity, hyperinsulinemia, and the adjusted odds ratio that computes the relationship between hyperinsulinemia and family history of type 2 diabetes. RESULTS. Family history of type 2 diabetes, high blood pressure, and obesity was recognized in 30 (9.2%), 61 (18.7%), and 74 (22.7%) children and adolescents, respectively. Children and adolescents with positive family history showed higher systolic and diastolic blood pressure, were more obese, and exhibited significantly higher fasting insulin and triglycerides levels, as well as a higher homeostasis model analysis insulin resistance index, than children with negative family history. A total of 48 (15.1%) children and adolescents exhibited hyperinsulinemia, 35 (72.9%) with and 13 (27.1%) without family history. The odds ratio adjusted by gender, fat mass (kilograms and percent), waist circumference, BMI, and Tanner stage showed that family history of diabetes, but not high blood pressure and obesity, was independently related with hyperinsulinemia. CONCLUSIONS. Among children and adolescents, family history of diabetes, but not high blood pressure and obesity, is independently associated with hyperinsulinemia. Copyright © 2006 by the American Academy of Pediatrics. ER  - 
Early menarche as a risk factor of breast cancer; Background: Most of the information in medical literature report diverse factors of breast cancer, which are related to the reproductive life of the woman. It is mentioned that menarche before the 12 years elevates the relative risk of this disease, in comparison with its appearance after the 13 years. Objective: To determine if early menarche is a risk factor associated to breast cancer. Material and methods: This retrospective, observational and descriptive study included 162 women with breast cancer from a 3 years period (2002-2004), in the Juarez Hospital of Mexico. In addition other well known risk factors for breast cancer were evaluated. The statistical analysis was made with the software program SPSS; the descriptive analysis was made by means of summary of statistics, histograms, box and bar charts. Results: Early menarche doesn't have correlation with breast cancer nor with the appearance of the disease in early ages; it was present in the 12.3% (n=20) of the patients; the menarche initiated between 12 and 13 years in 64.4% (n=104.3) of the cases. The average age at the time of the diagnosis of breast cancer in the early menarche group was of 55 years and for the group in general of 47.6 years. The factor that seems to be related to breast cancer is overweight and obesity with 54.26 and 17.11% respectively, with an average body mass index of 27.7 kg/m2. Conclusions: There was not a correlation between early menarche as risk factor for breast cancer neither between the reproductive risk factors considered habitual and increased risk of breast cancer. Overweight and obesity seem to be related to the appearance of the disease, reason why it is required to investigate this with different random control groups in the country. We propose to study other factors that may be implicated in the genesis of breast cancer such as inflammatory factors, similar insulin growth factors and hyperinsulinism. ER  - 
Postprandial response of trans fatty acids in prepubertal obese children; Objectives: To evaluate the intake, plasma concentrations and postprandial response of trans fatty acids in obese and control children at prepubertal age in order to detect potential associations with childhood obesity. Design: Case-control study, clinical dietary intervention with a 428 kcal standardized breakfast and longitudinal 3 h postprandial follow-up for trans fatty acid plasma levels. Subjects: Fifty-four children aged 6-13 years of both sexes, 34 obese (body mass index >97th percentile for age and sex) and 20 non-obese (control group) at prepubertal period (Tanner I). Measurements: Various anthropometric parameters and sex hormones, fasting insulin and glucose, estimation of dietary trans fatty acid intake and their plasma quantitation in fasting conditions, and for 3 h following intake of a standardized breakfast. Results: Dietary trans fatty acid intake was less than 0.4% of total energy in both groups, with a trend towards higher intake in obese children. Fasting plasma trans fatty acid concentrations and percentages were similar in both groups. However, trans fatty acid levels at +3 h were significantly higher than at 0 h in obese children, but not in controls (obese, 0 h: 2.38±0.29; 3 h: 3.62±0.45; controls, 0 h: 2.29±0.24; 3.14±0.49 mg/dl); cis monounsaturated fatty acid concentrations were not significantly affected by the postprandial interval. Obese children exhibited hyperinsulinemia and insulin resistance; however, trans fatty acid intake or their plasma levels were not associated with them. Conclusion: There is a low intake of trans fatty acids in Southern Spanish children, which is supported by their low concentrations in plasma. No difference in trans fatty acid intake is observed between obese and control children, although plasma levels remain higher in obese than in control children after 3 h of a meal. A marked insulin resistance is seen in obese, but it is not correlated with either trans fatty acid intake or plasma concentration. © 2006 Nature Publishing Group All rights reserved. ER  - 
Changes in serum insulin-like factor 3 during normal male puberty; Context: Insulin-like factor 3 (INSL3) is produced by the Leydig cells, and in adults, its secretion is dependent on the state of differentiation of these cells, which, in turn, is dependent on LH. However, the secretion and regulation of INSL3 during puberty is unknown. Objective: Our objective was to evaluate INSL3 concentrations during normal male puberty and the relation of INSL3 to LH, FSH, and testosterone. Design and Setting: We conducted a cross-sectional study from January to December 2005 at academic clinics. Patients: Participating in the study were 75 healthy male subjects aged 9.5-17.5 yr, homogeneously distributed into five pubertal groups of 15 according to Tanner stages. Main Outcome Measures: We assessed mean testicular volume and LH, FSH, testosterone, and INSL3 concentrations in relation to age and pubertal stage. Results: We observed an increase of INSL3 and LH levels from Tanner stage 2 to 4, and an increase of FSH from stage 2 to 3. Testosterone levels increased from stage 3 to 4. No differences were seen for all measured hormones between stages 4 and 5. The increase in INSL3 seemed therefore to anticipate the increase in testosterone. However, INSL3 plasma concentrations at pubertal stages 4 and 5 are about one fourth of adult levels, whereas FSH, LH, and testosterone reached adult levels by stage 4. Positive significant correlations were found between INSL3 and LH for all pubertal stages. Conclusions: This study provides information on the physiological dynamics of INSL3, showing that the serum concentrations of this hormone increased progressively throughout puberty under the differentiating action of LH on Leydig cells. INSL3 is therefore confirmed to represent a marker of Leydig cell differentiation and function. However, a prolonged exposure to LH seems to be necessary to reach INSL3 concentrations of adults. A possible use of INSL3 in puberty disorders is promising. Copyright © 2006 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Lower bone mineral content in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus is linked to female sex, low insulin-like growth factor type I levels, and high insulin requirement; Context: Studies on bone mineral characteristics in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) have generated conflicting results. Objective: Our objective was to investigate bone mineral characteristics in children with T1DM and to analyze their associations with bone metabolism and the IGF-I system. Design: We recruited a cohort of Caucasian patients with T1DM for at least 3 yr and healthy children between January 2003 and June 2004. Setting: This was a university hospital-based study. Participants: A total of 127 patients and 319 controls aged 6 to 20 yr participated. Methods: Dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry was performed in patients and controls. Serum bone alkaline phosphatase, CrossLaps, IGF-I, and IGF-binding protein 3 levels were determined in patients with values analyzed using our normative data from 1150 healthy children. Results: After adjustment for age, sex, pubertal stage, and body mass index SD score, total body bone mineral content (BMC)/lean body mass was significantly lower in patients than in controls (P < 0.04). This difference was a result of the differences between the girls of the two groups. Girls with T1DM had significantly lower lumbar spine and total body BMC than control girls (P = 0.002), whereas no such difference was observed in boys. Serum bone alkaline phosphatase level was significantly lower in girls than in boys (P = 0.04). Low serum IGF-I levels and the administration of large amounts of insulin were found to have independent deleterious effects on BMC for children of all ages and both sexes, whereas disease duration and glycosylated hemoglobin levels did not. Conclusions: A sex-related difference in the impairment of bone mineral characteristics was identified in children with T1DM. Longitudinal studies are required to investigate whether boys may gain slightly less bone mass during skeletal growth. Copyright © 2006 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Metabolic factors affecting residual beta cell function assessed by C-peptide secretion in patients with newly diagnosed type 1 diabetes; Background: In recent onset of type 1 diabetes, the residual beta cell function, assessed by baseline and/or stimulated C-peptide secretion, can be a useful parameter to establish the extension of beta cell destruction. How metabolic parameters at diagnosis influence residual C-peptide secretion is not well established. Patients and Methods: We analyzed 553 consecutive patients with recent onset (< 4 weeks) of type 1 diabetes (250 females and 303 males, mean age 15 ± 8 years). Baseline and stimulated C-peptide by i.v. glucagon were evaluated using a highly sensitive radio-immunoassay. Metabolic parameters including blood glucose, HbA1c, insulin dose, and BMI were also evaluated. Results: Baseline and stimulated C-peptide were 0.26 ± 0.22 and 0.47 ± 0.38 nmol/1 and correlated positively with age (p < 0.001). There was no significant correlation between C-peptide and blood glucose at diagnosis. BMI was positively correlated with both baseline and stimulated C-peptide secretion (p < 0.001). By contrast, HbA1c levels inversely correlated with both baseline and stimulated C-peptide secretion (p< 0.001). Conclusion: In type 1 diabetes at diagnosis, baseline and stimulated C-peptide are higher in pubertal and young adult patients compared with pre-pubertal patients suggesting that such parameter can be used as an end point marker for studies aimed at protecting and/or restoring beta cells in patients with substantial beta cell function. High levels of HbA1c and lower BMI are dependent variables of C-peptide values. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart. ER  - 
Prevalence of growth and puberty failure with respect to growth hormone and gonadotropins secretion in beta-thalassemia major; Background: Present transfusion protocols have increased the life expectancy of patients with β-thalassemia major, but siderosis is a major clinical complication of the treatment. Short stature and hypogonadism are extremely frequent in patients with thalassemia. To investigate the influence of age at the onset of blood transfusion, iron chelation therapy, and serum ferritin levels on growth and pubertal development in thalassemic patients, and the prevalence of these endocrine complications with respect to pituitary somatotropic and gonadotropic functions, this study was designed. Methods: Clinical data of 158 patients (82 females and 76 males) with thalassemia major, aged 10-20 years (mean age: 15.1 ± 4.8 years) were collected from a pediatric hematology clinic in Tehran. Height was measured and stages of puberty were determined by a pediatric endocrinologist. Serum ferritin concentration, liver function tests, serum calcium and phosphorus, blood sugar, free thyroxine (FT4), TSH, FSH, LH, dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate, testosterone (in boys), estradiol (in girls), and insulin-like growth factor I were measured after overnight fasting. In patients with a height more than 2 standard deviation below the mean, the growth hormone stimulation test was considered. Bone age was determined in all patients. Results: Thalassemic patients in this study showed a high prevalence of short stature (62%) and hypogonadism (69%). We found a low serum level of gonadotropins (FSH and LH) in over 14-year-old patients with impaired puberty, which indicated that hypogonadotropic hypogonadism is responsible for this complication. Results of growth hormone provocative tests and serum insulin-like growth factor I levels in short stature patients showed a reduced growth hormone response in 38% and low insulin-like growth factor I levels in 42% of thalassemic patients. Short stature and hypogonadism were more common in patients with serum ferritin levels above 2000 μg/L and these complications were significantly more frequent in patients who started treatment later than that of the patients who started treatment in the first years of life (P < 0.001). Conclusion: Short stature and hypogonadism are extremely frequent in our patients with thalassemia, but correct blood transfusion and appropriate iron chelation therapy can prevent or limit these complications. These data support the need for vigilant follow-up of patients with thalassemia in order to treat endocrine dysfunction at an appropriate age. ER  - 
Living with congenital adrenal hyperplasia in Vietnam: A survey of parents; Objective: Congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH) has the potential to place an enormous burden on families in resource-poor countries, and the aim of this survey was to provide more specific insights into the difficulties faced by families living with CAH in Vietnam. It is hoped that this information will be used to ensure that future efforts to reduce the burden of CAH are as effective, sustainable and appropriate as possible. Design and Methods: A questionnaire-based needs assessment survey was offered to parents of children with CAH who were attending the Annual CAH Support Group Meeting held at the National Hospital of Pediatrics (NHP) in Hanoi, Vietnam, on 10th June 2005. Results: Fifty-three families responded to the questionnaire. Information pertaining to the purchase and use of medication to treat CAH, access to medical care, surgical treatment for girls, and a wide range of parental concerns was collected. Conclusions: This survey highlights the heavy burden that CAH places on families in Vietnam, and provides significant insights into various initiatives that could well help ease this suffering. In particular, efforts must be made to ensure essential medication is affordably available, communication of important messages to parents is enhanced, local support groups encouraged, and early diagnosis and medical treatment of CAH optimized so as to reduce morbidity and mortality. © Freund Publishing House Ltd., London. ER  - 
Adult height in patients with permanent growth hormone deficiency with and without multiple pituitary hormone deficiencies; Context: It has been reported that patients with multiple pituitary hormone deficiencies (MPHDs) achieve a greater final height, compared with patients with isolated GH deficiency (IGHD). However, the outcome of patients with permanent GH deficiency (GHD) has not yet been reported. Objectives: The objectives of the study were to evaluate and compare adult height data and the effect of spontaneous or induced puberty after long-term treatment with GH in young adults with either permanent IGHD or MPHD. Design and Setting: This was a retrospective multicenter study conducted in university research hospitals and a tertiary referral endocrine unit. Patients and Methods: Thirty-nine patients with IGHD (26 males, 13 females) and 49 with MPHD (31 males, 18 females), diagnosed at a median age of 7.7 and 6.9 yr, respectively, were reevaluated for GH secretion after adult height achievement (median age 17.6 and 19.8 yr). The diagnosis of permanent GHD was based on peak GH levels less than 3 μg/liter after an insulin tolerance test or peak GH levels less than 5 μg/liter after two different tests. Fifteen subjects had idiopathic GHD and seventy-three had magnetic resonance imaging evidence of congenital hypothalamic-pituitary abnormalities. Height SD score (SDS) was analyzed at diagnosis, the onset of puberty (either spontaneous or induced), and the time of GH withdrawal. Results: The subjects with IGHD entered puberty at a median age of 12.6 yr (females) and 13.4 yr (males). Puberty was induced at a median age of 13.5 and 14.0 yr, respectively, in males and females with MPHD. Median height SDS at the beginning of puberty was similar in the IGHD and MPHD subjects. Total pubertal height gain was similar between patients with IGHD or MPHD. Median adult height was also not significantly different between IGHD and MPHD patients (males, 168.5 vs. 170.3 cm; females, 160.0 vs. 157.3 cm). The adult height SDS of the IGHD subjects was positively correlated with height at the time of diagnosis and with total pubertal height gain. Conversely, the adult height SDS of the MPHD subjects was positively correlated with both the duration of GH treatment and height SDS at the time of GHD diagnosis. Conclusions: Adult height in patients with permanent IGHD and spontaneous puberty is similar to adult height in patients with MPHD and induced puberty. Copyright © 2006 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Timing of puberty determines serum insulin-like growth factor-I in late adulthood; Context: IGFs may play an important role in disease etiology, especially cancer. Changes in diet can alter acute levels, but little is known about life course influences on IGF levels. Objective: The objective of the study was to examine the association between timing of puberty and adulthood serum IGFs (IGF-I and IGF binding protein-3). Design: This was a retrospective cohort study. Setting: Male pupils who attended a single school in Southern England were part of the study. Participants: Participants in the study were a cohort of 1028 men born between 1927 and 1956 with anthropometric measures between 9 and 18 yr and adulthood serum IGF levels. Main Outcome Measure: The study measured serum IGF-I and IGF binding protein-3 at mean age 63 yr. Results: Age at peak height velocity (APHV) was inversely associated with adult IGF-I levels. IGF-I decreased by 3.7 ng/ml (95% confidence interval 1.0-6.4, P = 0.007) for each SD increase in APHV. Prepubertal childhood height and body mass index were both inversely associated with APHV (P trend < 0.001). APHV was positively associated with adult height and inversely associated with adult body mass index. Adjustment for childhood, adult anthropometry, and other lifestyle factors did not substantially alter the association between APHV and adult IGF-I. Conclusions: This is the first study to document an association between timing of puberty and adult IGF-I levels. A better understanding of life course determinants of the IGF system may provide new insights into disease etiology and primary prevention. Copyright © 2006 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Effect of recombinant human growth hormone on glucose metabolism in children with growth hormone deficiency; OBJECTIVE: Numerous studies in children with growth hormone deficiency (GHD) show that recombinant human growth hormone (rhGH) treatment results in significant catch-up growth, but some papers reported that the children who underwent rhGH therapy might be at increased risk of diabetes. The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of rhGH treatment on blood glucose and insulin metabolism in children with GHD and the relationship between growth hormone (GH) and glucose homeostasis. METHODS: In this study, 44 children with GHD treated with rhGH [0.1 U/(kgxd)] and age- and sex-matched 20 healthy children were enrolled. The GHD group included 28 males and 16 females aged from 4.5 to 16.5 years (mean 10.4 +/- 2.6 years), including 18 cases of complete GHD and 26 cases of partial GHD. The sexual development stage of all subjects was in Tanner I. Oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTT) were done, and body mass index (BMI), serum insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) level and insulin resistance by homeostasis model (HOMA-IR) were measured at the time of diagnosis and every 3 months after rhGH therapy. Continuous glucose monitoring system (CGMS) was applied for two cases with hyperglycemia. RESULTS: (1) Fasting glucose and IGF-1 levels increased since 3 months of treatment and did not decrease since then. The levels of fasting glucose and IGF-1 at every time points of rhGH therapy were higher than the levels at the time of diagnosis (F = 6.81, P < 0.01; F = 7.31, P < 0.01, respectively). HOMA-IR and fasting insulin levels were increased since 3 and 9 months of treatment (P = 0.001 and P = 0.021, respectively). They decreased after 12 months of therapy and the levels at 18 months of therapy were similar to that at diagnosis. (2) Pearson correlation analysis showed that HOMA-IR was positively correlated with BMI, IGF-1 and the duration of treatment (r = 0.251, 0.437, 0.281, P < 0.01, respectively). The curve between HOMA-IR and duration of therapy was similar with parabola and the quadratic equation obtained was as follows: HOMA-IR = 1.5048 + 0.2177 x duration of therapy (months)-0.0103 x duration of therapy (months)(2) (r(2) = 0.147, F = 14.16, P < 0.01). (3) Two cases had transitory hyperglycemia. Their fasting glucose levels were all higher than 7.1 mmol/L. The glucose levels returned to normal after 1 month and 5 days respectively. OGTT and CGMS showed that their plasma glucose levels were normal after rhGH therapy was applied again. CONCLUSION: The children who underwent rhGH therapy may be at increased risk of insulin resistance (especially during the first year) and the therapy may even induce transitory glucose metabolic disorder in a very small proportion of patients. Circulating IGF-1 may participate in the control of insulin sensitivity and play an important role in the hormonal balance between GH and insulin. It may be necessary to monitor glucose metabolism and IGF-1 for all children who are treated with rhGH therapy. ER  - 
Retinal Vascular Caliber and Risk of Retinopathy in Young Patients with Type 1 Diabetes; Objective: To examine the relationship between retinal vascular caliber and incident retinopathy in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus. Design: Hospital-based case-control study with prospective outcomes. Participants: Cases and controls were selected from a cohort of children and adolescents 12 to 20 years old with type 1 diabetes followed up at a tertiary diabetes clinic. Cases were patients who developed incident diabetic retinopathy (n = 166) after at least 1 year of follow-up (≥2 clinic visits), and controls were patients who had not developed retinopathy (n = 165) after ≥2 years of follow-up (≥3 clinic visits). Baseline retinal photographs of cases and controls were digitized, and retinal vascular calibers were measured using a computer-assisted program by a grader masked to case-control status. These measurements were combined into summary indices reflecting the average arteriolar and venular calibers. Main Outcome Measure: Development of diabetic retinopathy. Results: Incident retinopathy cases had retinal arteriolar calibers (mean ± standard deviation [SD], 206.5±18.4 μm) significantly larger than those of controls (200.2±16.5 μm) (P = 0.004) but similar retinal venular calibers (329.1±14.7 μm in cases vs. 326.4±15.1 μm in controls, P = 0.312). After adjusting for age, gender, diabetes duration, glycated hemoglobin levels, blood pressure, body mass index, and pubertal stage, larger arteriolar caliber was predictive of risk of diabetic retinopathy (odds ratio, 1.44 per SD increase in arteriolar caliber; 95% confidence interval, 1.11-1.86). Conclusion: Larger retinal arteriolar caliber predicts incident retinopathy in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes, independent of conventional risk factors for retinopathy. Measurement of retinal vascular caliber may provide prognostic information regarding the subsequent risk of diabetic retinopathy. © 2006 American Academy of Ophthalmology. ER  - 
Correlates of the peak height velocity in girls with idiopathic scoliosis; STUDY DESIGN. Prospective longitudinal. OBJECTIVE. Determine correlates of the peak height velocity (PHV) in girls with idiopathic scoliosis. SUMMARY OF BACKGROUND DATA. Only identifiable retrospectively, the PHV is the most useful known maturity marker in idiopathic scoliosis. Clinically useful correlates are needed to make PHV timing helpful. METHODS. A total of 24 immature girls with idiopathic scoliosis were followed with serial heights, sexual staging, skeletal ages, spinal radiographs, insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-1, IGF binding protein-3, dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate, estradiol, bone-specific alkaline phosphatase, and osteocalcin levels. These markers were correlated to PHV timing. RESULTS. There were 14 girls who had identifiable growth peaks that averaged 10.5 ± 1.8 cm/y at age 11.7 ± 1 years. At the PHV, all girls were Risser 0 with open triradiate cartilages. On a skeletal age radiograph, digital uncapped phalangeal epiphyses were indicative of pre-PHV and fused epiphyses of post-PHV. Capped but unfused epiphyses were indeterminate. Tanner stage 1 for breast strongly indicates pre-PHV. Stage 3 for breast and pubic hair occurred at or after the PHV, and stage 4 always occurred after PHV. Higher IGF-1 and estradiol levels after PHV are potentially discriminatory. CONCLUSIONS. The PHV occurs during Risser 0 with open triradiate cartilages. If triradiate cartilages are open, then Tanner stages, IGF-1, estradiol levels, and the appearance of the epiphyses on a skeletal age radiograph are useful in determining status before or after PHV. ©2006, Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc. ER  - 
Blockade of oestrogen biosynthesis in peripubertal boys: Effects on lipid metabolism, insulin senditivity, and body composition; Objective: In males, the pubertal increase in sex hormone production has been associated with proatherogenic changes in lipid and carbohydrate metabolism. Aromatase inhibitors, a novel treatment modality for some growth disorders, may significantly influence these risk factors for cardiovascular disease by suppressing oestrogen biosynthesis and stimulating gonadal androgen production. In the current study, we explored the effects of aromatase inhibition on lipid metabolism, insulin sensitivity, body composition and serum adiponectin in peripubertal boys. Design: Prospective, double-blind, randomised, placebo-controlled clinical study. Methods: Thirty-one boys, aged 9.0-14.5 years, with idiopathic short stature were treated with the aromatase inhibitor letrozole (2.5 mg/day) or placebo for 2 years. During the treatment, the concentrations of sex hormones, IGF-I, lipids, lipoproteins and adiponectin were followed-up. The percentage of fat mass (FM) was assessed by skinfold measurements and insulin resistance by homeostasis model assessment (HOMA) index. Results: In pubertal boys, who received letrozole, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) decreased by 0.47 mmol/l (P<0.01) during the study. Simultaneously, their percentage of FM decreased from 17.0 to 10.5 (P<0.001), in an inverse relationship with serum testosterone. The concentrations of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides and HOMA index remained at pretreatment level in both groups. Serum adiponectin decreased similarly in letrozole- and placebo-treated pubertal boys (2.9 and 3.3 mg/l respectively). Conclusions: In males, aromatase inhibition reduces HDL-C and decreases relative FM after the start of puberty. The treatment does not adversely affect insulin sensitivity in lean subjects. © 2006 Society of the European Journal of Endocrinology. ER  - 
Pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic insulin-glucose analysis for differentiation of beta-cell function: An 18 month follow-up study in pre-pubertal lean and obese children; The objective of this study was to analyse the PK/PD of the insulin-glucose physiology for glucose stimulated insulin secretion from beta-cells between lean and obese prepubertal children in an 18 month study. The subjects were divided into two groups of six children according to their body mass index (BMI). Each subject was assessed on four occasions: on admission and at 6, 12 and 18 month follow-ups. Each time, 23 blood samples were obtained from the subjects according to the frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test involving a bolus of 250 mg/kg dextrose. For the obese group, a significant difference (p<0.05) was found in the rate constant for the first phase secretion of insulin between the time of admission (1.73 ± 0.372 min-1) and the 18 month follow-up (3.08 ± 0.391 min-1). Additionally, the lean vs obese group comparisons showed a higher first phase insulin secretion rate constant (p<0.05) in the obese group on admission (1.73 ± 0.372 vs 1.29 ± 0.278 min-1), 6 months (1.96 ± 0.317 vs 1.32 ± 0.444 min-1), 12 months (2.33 ± 0.621 vs 1.57 ± 0.435 min-1) and 18 months (3.08 ± 0.391 vs 1.83 ± 0.587 min-1). The proposed PK/PD model for the insulin secretion from beta-cells is able to identify kinetic differences in first phase insulin secretion between lean and obese non-diabetic pre-pubertal children in this 18 month follow-up study. Copyright © 2006 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Predictors of metabolic control at one year in a population of pediatric patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A retrospective study; Background/Objectives: The rising prevalence of pediatric type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM2) and non-adherence to diabetes regimens pose challenges to obtaining optimal control. This study evaluated factors that may impact glycemic control (HbA1c): age, Tanner stage, body mass index (BMI), total daily insulin (TDD), metformin dose (MET), activity level, frequency of clinic visits and adherence. Methods: One-year data from 72 patients (ages 8.6-17.8 years) were collected retrospectively. From that sample, 57 patients who continued to attend clinic for the entire year were assessed and divided into optimal and suboptimal HbA1c control groups. Results: All factors measured were similar in the two groups, except for lower initial and 1.0-year HbA1c, TDD, and rates of missing MET and insulin in the optimal HbA1c control group. Conclusions: Initial glycemic status and adherence rate predicted metabolic control at one year. Early identification of DM2 may improve metabolic outcome, which may improve medical regimen adherence. © Freund Publishing House Ltd., London. ER  - 
The changing spectrum of diabetes in Mexican American youth; Type 2 diabetes (T2DM) is now a pediatric disease. As in adults, it disproportionately affects ethnic and racial minorities, including Hispanics. The preponderance of Hispanics in south Texas are of Mexican American (MA) heritage. Over the past 16 years, we have accumulated a large cohort of children with diabetes. We have noted distinct differences in numerous parameters between MA children with T2DM and those with type 1 diabetes (T1DM). In order to explore these observations, we have reviewed the records of all children diagnosed with diabetes (n = 669) during the 9 years between January, 1990 and December, 1998 and seen by our pediatric diabetes group. In this cohort were 329 MA, 287 non-Hispanic whites (EA) and 53 African Americans. Compared to EA children with T1DM, MA children were more likely to have a parent with diabetes, to be hospitalized at the time of diagnosis and to lack health insurance. The differences between MA children with T1DM and T2DM were significant: specifically, children with T2DM were more likely to be female and pubertal with a body mass index >25 kg/m2 and have acanthosis nigricans. Slightly more than 2/3 of the MA children with T2DM had at least one parent already diagnosed with T2DM. Less than 1/3 of the children with T2DM required hospitalization at the time of diagnosis and only a 1/4 have private health insurance. Over this 9-year interval, the apparent incidence of diabetes almost tripled in south Texas with the great majority of that increase due to the increasing numbers of children with T2DM. © 2006 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC. ER  - 
Early manifestation of type 1 diabetes in children is a risk factor for changed bone geometry: Data using peripheral quantitative computed tomography; OBJECTIVE. Normal to severely decreased bone mineral density has been reported in children with type 1 diabetes. To detect possible abnormalities in bone mineralization, geometry, and muscle bone unit, we measured selective parameters in children with type 1 diabetes using peripheral quantitative computed tomography. METHODS. Measurements of the radius by peripheral quantitative computed tomography were made to assess cortical and trabecular bone characteristics as well as muscle mass in 88 patients (42 girls, 46 boys) at a mean age of 11.7 ± 3.0 years, a mean disease duration of 5.6 ± 3.7 years, and a mean manifestation age of type 1 diabetes of 6.1 ± 3.5 years. Height, weight, Tanner stage, insulin regimen, and glycosylated hemoglobin values were recorded. Bone metabolism was studied by measurement of bone formation and bone resorption parameters. Dynamic muscle force was measured using a grip strength device. RESULTS. Overall, cortical, trabecular, and total bone mineral density were within the reference range. Total and cortical bone cross-sectional area and muscle mass were low in prepubertal patients, and total cross-sectional area was low in early puberty. Adolescent patients showed normal bone and muscle parameters. Grip strength and recreational physical activity were normal in all in relation to a healthy reference population. In a subgroup of 18 patients, early manifestation of type 1 diabetes was detected as a risk factor for altered bone development with significantly reduced cortical bone mineral density and total, cortical, and muscle crosssectional area (-0.9 ± 1.3 SD, -2.1 ± 1.3 SD, -1.6 ± 0.7 SD, and -1.0 ± 0.7 SD, respectively). Bone characteristics were not influenced by metabolic control, disease duration, or insulin regimen. CONCLUSIONS. Manifestation of type 1 diabetes at an early age may impair bone development. Longitudinal data are needed to determine whether this impairment persists into adolescence and adulthood. Copyright © 2006 by the American Academy of Pediatrics. ER  - 
Spectrum and prevalence of atherogenic risk factors in 27,358 children, adolescents, and young adults with type 1 diabetes: Cross-sectional data from the German diabetes documentation and quality management system (DPV); OBJECTIVE - The aim of this data analysis was to ascertain the type and prevalence rate as well as age and sex distribution of cardiovascular risk factors in type 1 diabetic patients up to 26 years of age. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - Cardiovascular risk factors such as obesity, hypertension, dyslipidemia, poor glycemic control, and smoking were analyzed in 27,358 patients who were divided into three groups (prepubertal, pubertal, and adult) using specifically designed diabetes software for prospective disease documentation. RESULTS - More than half of the patients per age-group had at least one cardiovascular risk factor. Two risk factors were age dependently found in 6.2-21.7% and three or four risk factors in 0.5-4.7%. Elevated values of HbA1c, total cholesterol, and BMI were found most frequently. Hypertension, smoking, and HDL cholesterol were observed more frequently in males, and elevated BMI, total cholesterol, and LDL cholesterol more often in females. Although 28.6% of the patients had dyslipidemia, merely 0.4% of them received medical treatment, and of the 8.1% of the patients with hypertension, only 2.1% of them were given antihypertensive medication. CONCLUSIONS - With increasing age, a greater number of patients with cardiovascular risk factors were observed. Significant sex differences were seen in the majority of risk factors. Despite the high prevalence of risk factors, only a small minority of patients received antihypertensive or lipid-lowering treatment. Early identification, prevention, and treatment of additional risk factors seem to be necessary, particularly in light of the high incidence of future cardiovascular disease. © 2006 by the American Diabetes Association. ER  - 
Age at onset of childhood-onset type 1 diabetes and the development of end-stage renal disease: A nationwide population-based study; OBJECTIVE - To analyze the impact of age at onset on the development of end-stage renal disease (ESRD) due to diabetic nephropathy in a nationwide population-based cohort with childhood-onset type 1 diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - A record linkage between two nationwide registers, the Swedish Childhood Diabetes Registry, including 12,032 cases with childhood-onset diabetes, and the Swedish Registry for Active Treatment of Uraemia was performed. Log-rank test was used to test differences between cumulative risk curves of developing ESRD due to diabetic nephropathy in three different strata of age at onset (0-4, 5-9, and 10-14 years). RESULTS - At a maximum follow-up of 27 years, 33 patients had developed ESRD due to diabetic nephropathy and all had a diabetes duration >15 years. In total, 4,414 patients had diabetes duration >15 years, and thus the risk in this cohort to develop ESRD was 33 of 4,414 (0.7%). A significant difference in risk of developing ESRD was found between the youngest (0-4 years) and the two older (5-9 and 10-14 years) age-at-onset strata (P = 0.03 and P = 0.001, respectively). A significant difference in the risk of developing ESRD was also found between children with prepubertal (0-4 and 5-9 years, n = 2,424) and pubertal (10-14 years, n = 2000) onset of diabetes (P = 0.002). No patient with onset of diabetes before 5 years of age had developed ESRD. CONCLUSIONS - With a median duration of 21 years in this population-based Swedish cohort with childhood-onset diabetes, <1% of the patients had developed ESRD due to diabetic nephropathy, and a prepubertal onset of diabetes seems to prolong the time to development of ESRD. © 2006 by the American Diabetes Association. ER  - 
Growth hormone treatment and adverse events in Prader-Willi syndrome: Data from KIGS (the Pfizer International Growth Database); Objective: To evaluate the response to recombinant GH treatment and adverse events in children with Prader-Willi syndrome (PWS) from KIGS, the Pfizer International Growth Database. Patients: A total of 328 children (274 prepubertal, median age 6.0 years; 54 pubertal, median age 12.7 years) were treated for 1 year and 161 children were treated for 2 years with GH. Results: Height standard deviation score (SDS) increased significantly during treatment; the response was greater in prepubertal (-0.7 vs. -1.8 pretreatment) compared with pubertal children (-1.5 vs. -1.8). Predictors of first-year height velocity in multiple regression analysis were GH dose, body weight (positively correlated), height SDS minus mid-parental height SDS and chronological age (negatively correlated), together accounting for 39% of the variation in response to GH. Body mass index (BMI) SDS did not change significantly during 2 years of treatment. Of all the 675 GH-treated PWS patients in KIGS, there were five cases of sudden death (age range 3-15 years). Three were obese (weight for height > 200%) and causes of death included bronchopneumonia, respiratory insufficiency and sleep apnoea. Scoliosis was the most commonly reported adverse event (n = 24), four children developed hyperglycaemia and six had presumptive diabetes (type 2 in five, and one case of type 1). Conclusions: Short-term growth improved in response to conventional doses of GH in children with PWS. Prior to commencement of GH, examination of the upper airways and sleep studies should be performed in PWS patients. GH should be used with caution in those with extreme obesity or disordered breathing and all patients should be closely monitored for adverse events. © 2006 The Authors. ER  - 
Puberty and epilepsy; Puberty seems to be a period with more influence on the course of epilepsies than others in our life. There are only few, mostly retrospective studies with a small number of patients included. The results are inconsistent concerning the course of epilepsy during puberty. Girls probably have a higher risk of worsening. The convulsant potential of estradiol and DHA are obviously responsible. The influence of epilepsies itself on puberty is small; interactions between sexual steroids and antiepileptic drugs are more important. © Steinkopff-Verlag 2006. ER  - 
Does lean rather than fat mass provide the link between birth weight, BMI, and metabolic risk? EarlyBird 23; Background : High birth weight predicts subsequent obesity, but paradoxically, a reduced risk of subsequent cardiovascular disease compared with low birth weight. This apparent paradox might be explained if high birth weight programmed a greater proportion of subsequent lean mass, which carries less cardiovascular risk than fat tissue. Aim: The aim of this study was to test the hypothesis that the direct correlation between birth weight and subsequent body mass index (BMI) represents an association between birth weight and lean tissue, and to assess the metabolic impact of this relationship. Methods: A total of 234 healthy prepubertal children (133 boys, 101 girls, mean age 5.9 yr ± 0.3 standard deviation) were studied. Birth weights were obtained from maternity records. Lean mass was measured by bioelectrical impedance. Anthropometric measures included height, weight (BMI), waist circumference, and subcutaneous fat mass (FM). Insulin resistance was assessed by the homeostasis model method. Metabolic correlates of insulin resistance included total and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, and sex-hormone-binding globulin. Results: Birth weight correlated significantly with lean mass in boys (r = 0.41, p < 0.001) and girls (r = 0.27, p < 0.01). Adjusting for BMI did not improve the correlation further. After adjustment for FM, lean mass correlated inversely with triglycerides in boys only (r = -0.41, p < 0.01). Birth weight correlated inversely with triglycerides in boys (r = -0.18, p < 0.05); after adjustment for lean mass, this correlation was not significant. Interpretation: In boys, the relationships between birth weight, triglycerides, and lean mass are consistent with the hypothesis. Overall, our findings provide limited evidence in support of the argument that higher birth weight predicts lower metabolic risk because it marks programming of more lean mass. © 2006 The Authors Journal compilation © 2006 Blackwell Munksgaard. ER  - 
Frequency of the metabolic syndrome in obese Spanish pediatric population; Objective: Obesity is associated with insulin-resistance (IR), type 2 diabetes (T2D) and a constellation of cardiovascular risk factors at the early years of life. These features define the so-called metabolic syndrome (MS). Aims: To assess the frequency of the MS among obese pediatric Spanish population and analyse the individual contribution and the predictive potential of individual components to the development of the syndrome. Patients and methods: A total of 429 patients, 220 boys and 209 girls, aged 4-18 years, with a body mass index of > 2 standard deviation scores for Spanish normative charts, were included in the study. Forty-seven percent were prepubertal and ten percent had Hispanic ethnicity. HbAlc, lipids, liver enzymes and uric acid levels were determined from blood and a standard 2-h oral glucose tolerance test was performed. MS was defined by the National Cholesterol Education Program's Adult Treatment Panel III criteria modified by Cook as having at least three features among: obesity, low high-density lipoprotein (HDL), hypertriglyceridemia, hypertension (HTA) or impaired glucose metabolism (IGM). We defined IR as homeostatic model assessment of IR index and/or fasting insulin levels > 95th centile of the control population. Results: Almost 18% of the patients had MS, with significantly higher frequency in Hispanic (32%) than in Caucasian (16%) population. There were no differences by sex or pubertal status. Prevalence of low HDL, HTA, hypertriglyceridemia and IGM were 27, 23, 16 and 7% respectively. No silent T2D was identified. According to International Obesity Task Force charts, 22% of the patients were overweight and not obese, but no differences in the frequency of individual features of MS between these two groups were observed. Among IR patients (35% of our population), the frequency of MS reached 28%. IR predicted the presence of MS independently from age and race. Conclusion: MS is present in 18% of our obese pediatric population. IR is closely associated with the components of MS and strongly predicts its development. © 2006 Society of the European Journal of Endocrinology. ER  - 
Serum adiponectin and leptin concentrations in HIV-infected children with fat redistribution syndrome; Human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)-related lipodystrophy is characterized by adipose tissue redistribution, dyslipidemia, and insulin resistance. We hypothesized that fat redistribution and metabolic abnormalities in HIV-infected children are related to alterations in endocrine function of adipose tissue. A multicenter study was conducted in 130 HIV-infected children. Lipodystrophy definition was based on the central to peripheral skinfold ratio. Fasting adiponectin, leptin, insulin concentrations, glycemia, and lipid profile were measured in all children. Fat redistribution syndrome was apparent in 32 children: 14 with atrophic (LPDA) and 18 with hypertrophic lipodystrophy (LPDH). Mean serum adiponectin levels were significantly decreased in LPDA and LPDH groups compared with the group with no lipodystrophy (LPD-). Fasting insulin concentration was significantly higher in LPDA and LPDH groups versus LPD-. Mean serum leptin concentration was significantly increased only in LPDH compared with LPDA and LPD- groups. Triglyceride levels were significantly increased and high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol concentration decreased in the LPDA versus LPD- group. Controlling for puberty stage, gender, percentage of total fat mass, serum lipids, HIV treatment, and disease severity, adiponectin was significantly and inversely associated with central obesity and insulin/glucose ratio. Fat redistribution had no significant effect on leptin concentration, which was directly related to the percentage of body fat, female gender, and insulin/glucose ratio. In conclusion, HIV-infected children with symptoms of fat redistribution have decreased levels of adiponectin, associated with insulin resistance and dyslipidemia. Copyright © 2006 International Pediatric Research Foundation, Inc. ER  - 
Insulin resistance in type 1 diabetic children and adolescents - A simplified method of estimation; Background and aim of the study: Our own studies confirm the hypothesis, that insulin resistance of various degree is often observed in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM). The knowledge of this parameter characterizing individual patients may be of great value not only for better understanding of the disease course but also as a potential source of specific treatment. Reliable estimation of insulin resistance with hyperinsulinemic euglycemic clamp is a complex, laborious and costly procedure. These facts were enough to motivate us to make an attempt to elaborate an indirect, simplified method of insulin resistance assessment in T1DM children, that would be based on patients characteristics and on clinical parameters of the disease course. Materials and methods: 142 children and adolescents with T1DM (79 boys, 63 girls) aged 7.7-20.3 years (mean age - 13.7±3.3 years) were included into the study. Duration of diabetes was 0.5-12.5 years (mean 2.7±2.3 years). The stage of puberty was assessed by the Tanner scale. Euglycemic-hyperinsulinemic clamp by de Fronzo was performed to estimate insulin resistance. Glucose disposal rate (M index) determined during the last 30 min of the test estimated insulin resistance. Looking for clinical and metabolic factors characterizing insulin resistance: a) the plasma cholesterol, HDL-Ch, tryglicerides and HbA1c were examined, b) the height, weight, waist circumference and blood pressure were measured, c) body mass index and daily dose of insulin were calculated. For statistical analysis the multiple regression was used (forward stepwise method). Results: In the study group M index ranged from 2.1 to 17.4 mg/kg/min (mean 7.27±2.62 mg/kg/min). The boys presented better insulin sensitivity than girls (7.79 vs. 6.62, p=0.008). The insulin resistance depended on the patients' age (r=-0.46, p<0.001) and stage of puberty (p<0.001). A correlation between M index and insulin dose (r=-0.34, p<0.05) and HbA1C (r=-0.17; p=0.04) were found. There was a significant relationship between M index and parameters of adiposity, lipids and blood pressure. All significant clinical parameters of insulin resistance were subjected to the analysis. Multiple linear regression analysis was performed. The model with the strongest correlation with index M was used to work out the formula: M index = 17.065 + 1.547 × (gender: boys=1, girls=0) - 0,183 × (age) - 0,117 × (Waist circumference) - 2,019 × (Daily insulin dose) - 0,016 × (LDL-CH) + 0,041 × (DBP). Conclusion: In T1DM children and adolescents it is possible to estimate for daily use extent of insulin resistance on the basis of clinical features. Copyright © 2006 Cornetis. ER  - 
Early and late weight gain and the timing of puberty; Nutrition is an important regulator of the tempo of growth and obesity is usually associated with tall childhood stature and earlier pubertal development. Several longitudinal studies have demonstrated that timing of puberty is most closely linked to infancy weight gain: suggesting an early window for programming of growth and development. Earlier puberty in the UK MRC 1946 birth cohort was related to smaller size at birth and rapid growth between 0 and 2 years. Rapid early weight gain leads to taller childhood stature and higher insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) levels, possibly through early induction of growth hormone (GH) receptor numbers, and such children are also at risk of childhood obesity. In the Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children, rapid infancy weight gain was associated with increased risk of obesity at 5 and 8 years, with evidence of insulin resistance, exaggerated adrenarche and reduced levels of sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG). Potentially the elevated IGF-I and adrenal androgen levels, increased aromatase activity and increased 'free' sex steroid levels consequent to lower SHBG levels could all promote activity of the GnRH pulse generator. In addition obese children have higher leptin levels, a proven permissive factor in initiating LH pulsatility. Obesity could also affect the rate of progression through puberty as nutrition and SHBG may act respectively as an accelerator and brake on peripheral sex steroid action. Early weight gain and early pubertal development might also be associated with loss of the pubertal growth spurt perhaps through obesity-related suppression of GH secretion. Trans-generational recurrence of low birth weight, early catch-up weight gain, earlier menarche, and shorter adult stature have been observed in women, and could contribute to the strong heritability in age at menarche. © 2006 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Metformin therapy during puberty delays menarche, prolongs pubertal growth, and augments adult height: A randomized study in low-birth-weight girls with early-normal onset of puberty; Context and Objective: Low-birth-weight (LBW) girls who enter puberty earlier (around 8-9 yr) tend to have earlier menarche, earlier growth arrest, and a shorter adult stature. At present, there is no therapy for most of these girls. In LBW girls with early puberty, hyperinsulinemic insulin resistance could underpin their rapid transit through puberty and their loss of adult stature. We explored the effects of insulin sensitization with metformin during puberty. Setting, Design, and Patients: In an open-labeled, prospective study, 22 LBW girls (birth weight > - 1.5 SD score for gestational age) with early-normal puberty (stage 2 breast development at age 8-9 yr) were randomized to remain untreated (n = 12) or to receive metformin (850 mg/d; n = 10) for 36 months (mean age at start, 9.0 yr). All girls remained untreated between 36 and 42 months. Main Outcome Measures: Pubertal growth, body composition by absorptiometry, uterine-ovarian size by ultrasound, fasting insulin, glucose, lipids, leptin, IGF-I, and IGF-binding protein-1 were assessed. Results: Metformin treatment resulted in a longer duration from stage 2 breast development to menarche (P < 0.01; median difference, + 1.0 yr), taller near-adult height (P < 0.01), and leaner body composition (P < 0.001). Metformin was also associated with lower insulin resistance and leptin and IGF-I levels and higher SHBG and IGF-binding protein-1 levels and with a more favorable lipid profile. Bone mineral density and uterine-ovarian growth were unaffected. Conclusion: Metformin treatment for 36 months in LBW girls with early-normal puberty normalized their pubertal progression to menarche and increased height gains up to adult stature. These data support the concept that insulin is a major codeterminant of the pubertal tempo and pubertal height gain in girls. Copyright © 2006 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Diagnostic criteria for polycystic ovary syndrome and ovarian morphology in women with type 1 diabetes mellitus; Context: The criteria for diagnosis of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) have been modified and now include polycystic ovary morphology (PCOM). Objective: The purpose of this study was to determine the frequency of PCOS and PCOM in women with type 1 diabetes mellitus (DM1). Design: We evaluated the clinical, hormonal, and ultrasonographic characteristics in women with DM1 and compared them with a carefully matched group of normal women in a cross-sectional study. Setting: The study was conducted at an academic research institute located within a general hospital. Patients: All the women with DM1 attending our hospital who had experienced menarche at least 2.5 yr earlier were invited to participate and were compared with healthy women with regular menses and without a history of hyperandrogenism [controls (C)]. Results: Hirsutism was present in 28.6 and 0.0% of DM1 and C, respectively (P < 0.001). Biochemical hyperandrogenism was present in 23.8 and 7.9% of DM1 and C, respectively. DM1 women had higher levels of testosterone and androstenedione and larger ovarian volume and follicle number by ovary than C. PCOM was present in 54.8% of DM1 and 13.2% of C (P < 0.001). Oligomenorrhea was present in 19% of women with DM1. The frequency of PCOS was 40.5 and 2.6% in DM1 and C, respectively (relative risk, 15.4; 95% confidence interval, 2.2-110.2; P < 0.0001). The proportion of women using intensive insulin treatment was higher in those with PCOM/PCOS (P < 0.05). Intensive treatment was a significant factor over having PCOM/ PCOS (P < 0.05). Conclusions: A high frequency of hyperandrogenism, PCOM, and PCOS is observed in DM1, which appears to be associated with intensive insulin treatment. Copyright © 2006 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Hypogonadism may cause insulin resistance in young males; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the relationship between hypogonadism and insulin resistance in young male. METHODS: Twenty-one hypogonadism young males aged 15 to 30 years were included in the clinical trial group, and 11 healthy young males of similar age and BMI in the control. Height, weight, serum FSH, LH, total testosterone (TT), nuclear type and bone age were measured for all the subjects. Serum glucose and insulin levels were taken through 3 h OGTT at 0, 30, 60, 120 and 180 min. And comparisons were made of the levels of fast glucose and insulin, areas under the curve of glucose and insulin and HOMA insulin resistance indexes (HOMA-IR) between the two groups. RESULTS: (1) In the hypogonadism group the average value of TT was (0.9 +/- 0.6) nmol/L and 5 cases of Klinefelter syndrome had pubertal development with Tanner stage above P3, while the other 16 had no. (2) No significant differences were found in BMI, age, areas under the glucose and insulin secretory curve in OGTT between the two groups. (3) Three patients were diagnosed as IGT by OGTT in hypogonadism group, whose serum glucose levels at 120 min were 8.6, 7.9 and 8.2 mmol/L respectively. The maximal insulin excretion time was 30 min after glucose loading. No IGT or DM was found in the control group. (4) Significant difference was found in HOMA-IR and fast insulin level between the two groups. CONCLUSION: (1) IGT incidence was higher in the hypogonadism group than in the control. (2) HOMA-IR and fast insulin levels were significantly higher in the hypogonadism group than in the control, which suggests that lower serum testosterone may cause insulin resistance in young male patients. ER  - 
Study on the level changes of obesity-associated factors and puberty-associated hormones and their relationship between obese and normal 13 years old children; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the level changes of obesity-associated factors and puberty-associated hormones and their relationship between obese and normal Children. METHODS: The concentrations of orexins, leptin, insulin, testosterone (T), estradiol (E), luteotrophic hormone (LH), as well as follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) in blood were measured respectively in 78 cases of 13 years old obesity children and 84 normal children as a control group by the means of RIA methods. The bone ages were evaluated with "bone age standard of hundred percent scale". RESULTS: The leptin and insulin concentrations were significantly higher in obesity children as compared with the control group (P < 0.01). The concentrations of plasma orexinA were significantly lower in obesity children as compared with the control group (P < 0.01). The concentrations of T were significantly lower in obesity boys as compared with the control group (P < 0.01). The concentrations of E2 and LH were significantly higher in obesity girls as compared with the control group (P < 0.01). The bone age of the obese children was significantly older than that of the control group. Along with the bone age of children became older, the concentration of leptin and LH in blood were significantly increased. There was a positive correlation between LH and FSH in two groups of either boys and girls and so did between leptin and insulin, C-peptide, E2 (P < 0.01). In the group of normal boys, the positive correlations between LH, FSH and E2 were shown (r = 0.373, 0.314, P <0.05), and a negative correlations between leptin and T were shown as( r = -0.423, P < 0.01), a positive correlation between leptin and FSH was also shown as (r = 0.308, P < 0.05). In the control group of girls, there were positive correlations between leptin, LH and E2 (r = 0.585, 0.647, P < 0.01). Any correlations between LH, FSH T and E2 were not shown in the two obese groups of boys and girls. CONCLUSION: The leptin, orexinA, insulin, T, E2, and LH concentrations had been changed significantly in blood among those obesity children, and so as their interactions. The high level of leptin in obesity children may change the concentrations of T, E2 and LH and affect the development of puberty. ER  - 
Structure of diabetes mellitus morbidity in childhood after material of Clinic of Pediatrics and Medical Genetics at Medical University - Plovdiv; In a retrospective study for a period of 11 years - 1995-2005 including, the authors give the structure of newly onset diabetes mellitus (DM) type I in hospitalized children. They registred a significant increase of the new cases from 1998 in comparison withe preceding period and a 30% increase in a recent year in comparison with the previous one. These data confirm the marked world tendency for increased frequency of DM type I among children. The most frequent DM is in prepubertal and pubertal ages in both sexes, the peak frequency in the mouths of June and July and significant prevalence in children from big urban cities - 61.10% to 38.9%. The possible causes for DM becoming more frequent and the role of familial predisposition are discussed. ER  - 
Metabolic syndrome in children and adolescents; Metabolic syndrome (MS) is a complex of metabolic and cardiovascular risk factors, beginning in puberty period. The aim of the study was to determine clinical and biochemichal features of the MS in order to provide it's early diagnosis. A total of 74 children (42 girls and 32 boys) aged 14.0 ± 1.8 Latin small letter tone two sign. (10-18 years) were included. The prevalence of MS was estimated according WHO Definition (2000). The results show that the obesity is an obligatory component of MS, it is high graded, with central adipose tissue distribution and combined with elevated arterial blood pressure in all children - 74 (100%). Biochemical characteristics of the MS include: basal hyperinsulinemia in 74 (100%), impaired fasting glucose levels in 2 (2.7%), impaired glucose tolerance in 30 (40.5%), hypercholesterolemia in 36 (48.6%) and hypertriglyceridemia - in 74 (100%) of the patients. Microalbuminuria was not found. It was confirmed that MS starts in puberty with obesity. For proper diagnosis biochemical parameters screening and arterial blood pressure measurements are needed. The early detection of MS allows to prevent cardivascilar complications in later life. ER  - 
Insulin resistance and the metabolic syndrome in obese French children; Objective: To estimate the frequency of the metabolic syndrome (MS) and of the insulin resistance syndrome (IRS) in overweight or obese French children and to determine the risk factors. Design, patients and methods: A total of 308 overweight and obese children [166 girls, 142 boys, aged 7-17 years; median body mass index (BMI) 4.7 standard deviation (SD) (Q1-Q3: 3.9-5.8) adjusted for age and sex] were included. The frequency of the MS was assessed with the National Cholesterol Education Program (NCEP) Adult Treatment Panel III (ATP III) criteria and the frequency of the IRS with World Health Organization (WHO) criteria. Results: The overall frequency of MS and IRS was 15.9% and 42.5%, respectively. The most common component, after abdominal obesity (95.8%) and IR (71.8%), was elevated systolic blood pressure (28.6%). The frequency of glucose tolerance disorders was low (3.6%). The frequency of MS was independently influenced by homeostatic model assessment (HOMA) (P = 0.06) and waist-to-hip ratio (P = 0.09), whereas the frequency of IRS was influenced by adiposity (degree of obesity: P = 0.02; waist-to-hip ratio: P = 0.05), puberty (P = 0.05) and mother's BMI (P = 0.01). Ethnicity had no effect on either MS or IRS. Conclusions: Metabolic complications and IR are frequent in overweight and obese children whereas the frequency of glucose tolerance disorders is very low. IRS is more prevalent than MS, indicating a major role of IR, which could precede the other metabolic complications in obese children. IRS is a relevant marker for the risk of type 2 diabetes (T2D) and cardiovascular complications in obese European children. © 2006 Blackwell Publishing Ltd. ER  - 
Circulating adipocytokines in non-diabetic and Type 1 diabetic children: Relationship to insulin therapy, glycaemic control and pubertal development; Aim: To determine the influence of Type 1 diabetes mellitus on circulating adipocytokines in children. Methods: The circulating concentrations of leptin, adiponectin, resistin and tumour necrosis factor (TNF)-α were measured in 91 children, aged 11.1 ± 2.7 years, with Type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM). Ninety-one healthy children were selected as control subjects. Results: Body mass index-adjusted leptin concentrations were higher in the pubertal diabetic children compared with the control children. There was a significant positive correlation between leptin and daily insulin dose in the diabetic group. Circulating adiponectin concentrations were higher in the prepubertal diabetic children and were positively associated with HbA1c. Resistin concentrations were lower in the prepubertal non-diabetic subjects compared with the pubertal non-diabetic children, whose values were higher than those of the diabetic children. TNF-α concentrations were similar in non-diabetic and diabetic children. Conclusions: Circulating concentrations of adipocytokines are abnormal in Type 1 diabetic children, although the direction of change differs by cytokine. Pubertal development, in addition to insulin treatment and glycaemic control, also influences the concentrations. © 2006 Diabetes. ER  - 
β-cell autoantibodies in children with type 2 diabetes mellitus: Subgroup or misclassification?; Background: In adults, a fraction of diabetic individuals with β-cell autoantibodies has initially non-insulin requiring diabetes clinically appearing as type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), named latent autoimmune diabetes in adulthood (LADA). The occurrence of β-cell autoantibodies in European children and adolescents with T2DM has not been reported so far. Methods: The frequency of β-cell autoantibodies (anti-GAD, anti-IA-2, and anti-ICA) was determined in 7050 diabetic children and adolescents. The type of diabetes was classified by paediatric diabetic specialists based on the clinical presentation. Children with non-insulin dependent T2DM over a one year period were studied separately. Results: A total of 6922 children were clinically classified as having type 1 diabetes (T1DM) and 128 children as having T2DM. Thirty six per cent of the children with T2DM had at least one detectable β-cell autoantibody. These children did not differ significantly from the children with T2DM and without autoantibodies in respect of age, gender, weight status, lipids, blood pressure, C-peptide, glucose, and HbA1c at manifestation, as well as frequency of anti-thyroidal antibodies and insulin treatment during follow up. In the subgroup of the 38 children with T2DM without insulin requirement over a one year period, autoantibodies occurred in 32%. These 12 children were predominantly obese (67%), female (67%), and in the pubertal age range. Conclusion: β-cell autoantibodies were detectable in a subgroup of initially non-insulin dependent diabetic children and adolescents with the clinical appearance of T2DM. Following the terminology "latent autoimmune diabetes in adulthood (LADA)", this subgroup might be classified as "LADY" (latent autoimmune diabetes in youth). ER  - 
Endocrine dysfunction and parameters of the metabolic syndrome after bone marrow transplantation during childhood and adolescence; Endocrine dysfunction and parameters of metabolic syndrome were assessed in 91 patients aged 4.3-32.5 years who underwent allogeneic or autologous BMT in childhood. Final short stature, found in five of the 35 patients who attained final height, was associated with the underlying disease (specifically, Fanconi anemia) (P=0.0013), previous cranial irradiation (P=0.0007), type of conditioning irradiation (P<0.05) and allogeneic BMT (P=0.05). Growth hormone deficiency (n=10) was associated with previous cranial irradiation (P<0.005) and conditioning total body irradiation (P<0.001). Twelve patients had primary hypothyroidism, one had hyperthyroidism and one papillary thyroid carcinoma. Hypothyroidism was associated with neck/mediastinal (P<0.005) and conditioning irradiation (P<0.05). Primary gonadal failure was found in 24 of the mature patients (62.5% females). Hypogonadism was associated with the underlying disease (especially hematological malignancies) (P<0.05), pretransplant treatment (P<0.05), irradiation conditioning (P<0.001), older age (P<0.005) and advanced pubertal stage at BMT (P<0.05). Obesity (body mass index <2 s.d.) was found in 4.4% and type II diabetes and impaired glucose tolerance in 3.3% each. Dyslipidemia was found in 27.9% of the 43 patients tested. These findings emphasize the need for long-term follow-up of endocrine and metabolic parameters in young patients after BMT in order to offer proper treatment and improve quality of life. © 2006 Nature Publishing Group. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Prevalence and risk factors for microalbuminuria in a population-based sample of children and adolescents with T1DM in Western Australia; Objective: To define the prevalence and describe the natural history of microalbuminuria (MA) in a population-based sample of children with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM). Methods: Children with T1DM diagnosed ≤1 6 yrs and screened for MA were identified through the Western Australia diabetes register. Three-monthly hemoglobin (HbA1c) was performed from diagnosis. MA screening (albumin excretion rate in three timed overnight samples) was performed yearly after 10 yrs of age or after 5 yrs from diagnosis. Cox proportional model assessed the risk of different variables on the occurrence of MA. Kaplan-Meier survival analyses (log-rank test) estimated the probability of developing MA. Results: Nine hundred and fifty-five T1DM children (462 male), mean diabetes duration of 7.6 yrs and mean age at onset of diabetes of 8.5 yrs were selected for the study. MA, mean albumin excretion rate ≥20 and <200 μg/min, developed in 128 subjects (13.4%) at mean diabetes duration of 7.6 yrs. Cumulative probability for MA was 16% after 10 yrs. Determinants for MA were HbA1c [hazard ratio (HR) 1.21; 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.05-1.38; p = 0.007], onset of puberty (HR 8.01; 95% CI 3.18-20.16; p < 0.001) and age at diagnosis (HR 1.25; 95% CI 1.18-1.33; p < 0.001). Females had a higher probability for MA during puberty than males (p = 0.03). The total incidence of MA (subjects with MA/100 person-years) was 1.26, 1.85 and 2.44 for those who developed diabetes at ages <5 yrs, 5-11 yrs and >11 yrs, respectively. Conclusions: Onset of puberty, diabetes duration and metabolic control are major factors predisposing the development of MA. Children diagnosed with T1DM at younger ages have a prolonged time for developing MA. © Blackwell Munksgaard, 2006. ER  - 
Gap analysis of pediatric reference intervals related to thyroid hormones and the growth hormone-insulin growth factor axis; Efficacy of laboratory medicine in assisting attending physicians in their diagnostic and follow-up endeavors is intimately linked to an access to meaningful and reliable reference values. Pediatrics is particularly sensitive to this problem as the processes, associated with growth and development, are imposing rapid discontinuous changes on the physiology of the individuals. Some developmental stages are more critical than others. The neonatal and the pubertal periods, for which we lack reference ranges, are two such examples. Beyond biological considerations, we realize that, over the last 2 decades, technology has evolved, both at the analytical and reagent levels. This technological evolution inexorably leads to the need in redefining reference values. It is for this reason that a group of clinical and medical biochemists have joined their efforts in creating the Canadian Laboratory Initiative in Paediatric Reference (CALIPER) which objective is to define a pan-Canadian set of reference values from birth to late adolescence. To illustrate the need of such a venture, a brief gap analysis for biochemical variables related to the thyroid function, and the growth hormone-insulin-like growth factors axis follows. © 2006 The Canadian Society of Clinical Chemists. ER  - 
Growth disorders in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus; The aim of the research was to analyze anthropometric variables in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus (DM) in relation with the stage of pubertal development at onset of disease and quality of metabolic control over five-year long observation. Diagnosed children were taller than their peers. This especially referred to age group between 4 and 9.5 years. On the whole, weight of the patients and healthy controls did not differ. However, the diagnosed children had substantially lower weight in puberty than healthy controls. Body mass index was significantly lower in the group of diagnosed children on the whole and in puberty. During a five-year long observation patients have had a significant retardation of growth. However, that retardation referred primarily to patients in prepuberty. Growth retardation was more pronounced with bad metabolic control. Growth was satisfactory if onset of disease had been in puberty. A significant weight gain was observed in patients in puberty whereas in those in prepuberty there was no significant change of body weight at the end of five-year long observation. Metabolic control did not affect observed changes. There were significant differences of anthropometric variables between those suffering from type 1 DM and their peers. The differences depended on the age at onset. The disease had a negative effect on growth with onset in prepuberty, whereas in puberty growth was satisfactory. However, puberty was a period in which patients increased their weight excessively. Prepuberty was a period in which growth had been significantly affected by metabolic control. ER  - 
Ultrasonographic and clinical parameters for early differentiation between precocious puberty and premature thelarche; Objective: To determine if uterine and ovarian measurements can significantly distinguish between precocious puberty (PP) and premature thelarche (PT) and whether ultrasound has any advantage over the gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) stimulation test. Design: Prospective. Methods: One hundred and three girls referred consecutively for evaluation of breast budding before age 8 years underwent physical examination, GnRH stimulation test, bone age assessment, and transabdominal pelvic ultrasound. The diagnosis of PP or PT was based on clinical judgment. The clinical, laboratory, and ultrasound data of the PP and PT groups were compared. Results: Eighty-one girls were diagnosed with PP and 22 with PT. Significant differences in most of the uterine and ovarian measurements were found between the groups. On logistic regression analysis, bone age standard deviation score, uterine transverse diameter, and uterine volume were the most significant variables predicting PP. Comparison of 30 girls with PP and 21 with PT in whom peak luteinizing hormone was < 5 mlU/ml on the GnRH stimulation test, using analysis of variance, yielded significant differences in uterine width (P <0.001), fundus diameter (P <0.04), uterine volume (P=0.006), and ovarian circumference (P <0.02). Conclusions: Increased uterine and ovarian measurements may be an early and sensitive sign of PP. Pelvic ultrasound, a noninvasive, inexpensive, and reliable tool, may give the clinician a complementary indication to the GnRH test in distinguishing isolated PT from early-stage PP in girls with early breast budding. © 2006 Society of the European Journal of Endocrinology. ER  - 
Bone mineral density and alterations of bone metabolism in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus; Objectives: To analysis bone mineral density (BMD) and bone turnover markers in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus (DM1) and to establish possible correlations with duration of the disease and degree of metabolic control. Patients and methods: Fifty-eight (26 prepubertal, 32 pubertal) children (29 boys) with DM1 (age: 11.7 ± 3.1 years) and 44 (20 prepubertal, 24 pubertal) healthy children (21 boys) as controls (age: 10.8 ± 3.2 years) were included in the study. BMD was measured by dual energy X-ray absorptiometry (DEXA). Scans of the lumbar spine (LS2-4) and femoral neck (FN) were carried out. Serum levels of osteocalcin, amino-terminal propeptide of type I procollagen (PINP), and alkaline phosphatase, as markers of bone formation, and urinary calcium/creatinine (Ca/Cr) ratio and levels of N-telopeptide (Ntx), as markers of bone resorption, were assessed. Anthropometrics, duration of DM1, presence of complications, insulin dose, and degree of metabolic control were obtained from the patients' records. Results: In children with DM1 and controls, the mean measurements of LS2-4 BMD were 0.698 ± 0.178 g/cm2 and 0.669 ± 0.192 g/cm2, respectively (p >0.05), and FN-BMD measurements were 0.743 ± 0.147 g/cm2 and 0.744 ± 0.170 g/cm2, respectively (p >0.05). Children with DM1 had lower serum levels of calcium, intact parathyroid hormone, osteocalcin and PINP, and higher serum levels of 25-hydroxyvitamin D and urinary Ca/Cr (p <0.05). BMD was not related to any of the markers of bone resorption or formation, duration of the disease, or degree of metabolic control. Conclusions: Although we did not establish decreased LS2-4 and FN-BMD measurements in patients with DM1, we found reduced bone formation and increased bone resorption markers in children with DM1. Measurements of serum osteocalcin, PINP, urinary Ntx and Ca/Cr might be useful for long-term follow-up in children and adolescents with DM1. © Freund Publishing House Ltd., London. ER  - 
Prevalence of metabolic syndrome in obese Turkish children and adolescents; Objective: The aim of our study was to assess the prevalence of metabolic syndrome and the other metabolic features in obese children. Methods: We have studied 169 obese children and adolescents (body mass index > 95th percentile), 100 prepubertal and 69 pubertal, aged between 7 and 18 years. Each subject was submitted to an oral glucose tolerance test. The diagnosis of impaired glucose tolerance, type 2 diabetes and metabolic syndrome were defined according to modified WHO criteria adapted for children. Results: Metabolic syndrome was found in 27.2%, with a significantly higher rate among adolescents aged 12-18 years (37.6%) than among children aged 7-11 years (20%) (p < 0.001). There were no significant differences in the prevalence of metabolic syndrome by sex. The prevalences of insulin resistance, glucose intolerance and type 2 diabetes were 29, 19 and 2% among prepubertal children and 56.5, 27.5 and 4.3% among pubertal group, respectively. The prevalence of fasting hyperinsulinemia in pubertal group was significantly higher than prepubertal children (p < 0.001). Hyperinsulinemia was also more frequent in pubertal children with significant difference (20% versus 43.7%, p < 0.001). Hypertension was significantly more common in adolescents (31.8%) than children (15%) with obesity, as expected (p < 0.013). Overall, dyslipidaemia in prepubertal and pubertal groups was identified in 42 and 55%, respectively, with no significant differences (p = 0.085). Conclusions: Type 2 diabetes mellitus and metabolic syndrome prevalences among adolescents are quite high in the urban area of Konya, central Anatolia, with abnormal lipid profiles, obesity and nutritional mistakes. © 2005 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Comparison of metabolic syndrome prevalence using six different definitions in overweight pre-pubertal children enrolled in a weight management study; Objectives: To assess the implications of variation in Metabolic Syndrome (MS) definition (biochemical and anthropométrie indicators) on MS prevalence estimates in a population of overweight and mildly obese children. Design: Cross-sectional study. Subjects: Ninety-nine (64 girls) overweight or mildly obese, but otherwise healthy, pre-pubertal 6-9-year olds recruited for a randomized controlled trial of weight management. Measures: Height, weight and waist circumference were measured with BMI and waist z-scores calculated. Fasting cholesterol and fractions, glucose and insulin were measured, together with systolic and diastolic blood pressure (BP). Anthropometric and metabolic indicators were classified as normal or elevated using adult- or child-specific cut points with clustering of MS indicators also assessed using two adult and three child-specific definitions. Results: A total of 0-4% of subjects were classified with MS when adult definitions were applied. This increased to between 39 and 60% using child-specific definitions, varying according to whether hyperinsulinaemia was central to the MS classification. Systolic BP, triglycerides, total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and waist z-score increased across insulin quartiles (P < 0.05). The use of body mass index and waist circumference in the MS definition classified the same subjects. Conclusions: The classification of MS in children depends strongly on the definition chosen, with MS prevalence estimates higher if insulin is part of the definition and child-specific cut points for metabolic indicators are used. Hyperinsulinaemia and MS are common consequences of childhood obesity but they are not commonly part of the assessment or management plan for weight management in children. There is a need for the establishment of normal insulin ranges and consistent definition of MS in childhood and adolescence. © 2006 Nature Publishing Group All rights reserved. ER  - 
Detection of lipoatrophy in human immunodeficiency virus-1-infected children treated with highly active antiretroviral therapy; Background: Highly active antiretroviral therapy has been associated with lipodystrophy in adults. Much is unknown about its characteristics, especially in children. Objective: To obtain an objective case definition of the lipodystrophy syndrome. Methods: This was a cross-sectional study. One investigator rated clinical lipodystrophy. Body composition was measured using body mass index, skin fold thickness and circumference of arm, leg, waist and hip. Samples for human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)-1 RNA, CD4 cell count, fasting lipids and glucose variables were drawn. HIV-infected children with lipodystrophy were compared with HIV-infected children without lipodystrophy (controls). Results: Thirty-four children were included: 28 controls, 2 nonassigned, and 4 with the lipoatrophic phenotype. Lipohypertrophy or mixed syndrome were not observed. All children with lipoatrophy were pubertal; they had used stavudine and didanosine longer. Children with lipoatrophy had significantly smaller arm and leg circumference, and their skin folds were thinner. The torso-to-ann ratio was 3 times higher in lipoatrophic children, but the difference did not reach significance. The waist-to-hip ratio was higher (P = 0.005). None of the laboratory values differed significantly between the two groups, but all children with lipoatrophy had an increased C-peptide level above the upper limit of normal. All children with lipoatrophy could be distinguised from controls by an increased C-peptide level, a waist-to-hip ratio z score of 1 standard deviation or higher and a sum of skin folds z score below -1 standard deviation. Conclusions: All children with lipoatrophy can be distinguished by using anthropometric measurements and C-peptide measurement in serum. This method is simple, readily available and inexpensive. Copyright © 2006 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Hypothalamo-hypophysial dysfunction after traumatic brain injury in children and adolescents: A preliminary retrospective and prospective study; With two study protocols, one retrospective and the other prospective, we evaluated hypothalamo-hypophysial dysfunction (HHD) in paediatric patients treated for traumatic brain injury (TBI) in the neurosurgical or intensive care department at our hospital. The retrospective group comprised 22 patients who had experienced TBI 0.7-7.25 years before the study. The prospective group included 30 patients assessed at TBI (T0), 26 of 30 after 6 months (T6), and 20 of 26 after 12 months (T12). Auxological and hormonal basal parameters of hypothalamo-hypophysial function were evaluated at recall in the retrospective group, and at T0, T6 and T12 in the prospective group. Basal data and standard dynamic tests in selected patients revealed one with precocious puberty, one with total anterior hypopituitarism, one with central hypogonadism, and one with growth hormone (GH) deficiency in the retrospective group; three patients with cerebral salt-wasting syndrome, one with diabetes insipidus and seven with low T3 syndrome at T0 (all transient), one with hypocorticism at T6 confirmed at T12, and one with GH deficiency at T12 in the prospective group. The results of our study show that post-TBI HHD in our paediatric cohort is not uncommon. Of the 48 patients who underwent a complete evaluation (22 retrospective study patients and 26 prospective study patients evaluated at T6) five (10.4%) developed HHD 6 months or more after TBI. HHD was newly diagnosed in one previously normal patient from the prospective group at 12 months after TBI. GH deficiency was the most frequent disorder in our paediatric cohort. © Freund Publishing House Ltd., London. ER  - 
Body composition and concentrations of leptin, neuropeptide Y, β-endorphin, growth hormone, insulin-like growth factor-I and insulin at menarche in girls with constitutional delay of puberty; Aim. Constitutional delay of puberty (CDP), a rare condition among girls, manifests as retarded sexual maturity past the 13th year of life. The clinical and endocrinological aspects of this interesting problem appear to have escaped attention in the literature. The purpose of the present study was to compare body composition and concentrations of leptin, neuropeptide Y (NPY), β-endorphin, growth hormone (GH), insulin growth factor-I (IGF-I) and insulin at menarche in CDP girls and girls with normal pubertal development (NP). Materials and methods. We enrolled 11 girls with CDP and 40 girls with NP. All participants were studied at or within 3 months of menarche. Age, height and weight were recorded. Body composition was established with a body composition analyzer. Radioimmunoassays were performed to measure concentrations of NPY, β-endorphin, leptin, GH, IGF-I and insulin. Results. The mean age at menarche in the CDP and NP groups was 16.1 and 12.5 years, respectively ( p = 0.0001). CDP girls at menarche were taller (1.64 vs. 1.57 m; p = 0.012). The difference between groups in body weight (57.5 vs. 50.4 kg; p = 0.1), body mass index (BMI), fat mass, fat percentage (BF%) and lean mass was not significant, and nor was the difference in leptin, GH and insulin levels. However, CDP girls demonstrated significantly higher NPY concentrations (199.4±105.1 vs. 56.9±26.3 pg/ml; p = 0.001). NPY correlated with BF% ( r = 0.60) in this group. IGF-I concentrations were significantly lower in CDP girls (524.8±50.6 ng/ml) than in NP girls (744.5±56.1 ng/ml; p = 0.024). Conclusion. Girls with CDP differed from NP girls only in age at menarche and height; they did not differ significantly with respect to BMI and body composition parameters. Higher concentrations of NPY in CDP girls may be responsible for CDP and reduced levels of IGF-I. Correlation of NPY with BF% suggests an involvement of this neuropeptide in the process of fat accumulation associated with CDP. © 2006 Taylor & Francis. ER  - 
Period prevalence of abnormal glucose tolerance and cardiovascular risk factors among obese children attending an obesity centre in Italy; Background and aim: Several reports have described an increasing prevalence and incidence of type 2 diabetes among children. Limited information is available about the prevalence of impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) and type 2 diabetes in obese children, particularly in Europe. The aim of this study was to examine the prevalence of glucose intolerance and other cardiovascular risk factors in obese children over a 24-year period. Methods and results: The study population consisted of 1376 consecutive subjects who attended a national centre for the study of obesity between 1979 and 2002. Subjects were divided into three successive 8-year cohorts: cohort 1 (period 1979-1986, n = 453, male: 39%), cohort 2 (period 1987-1994, n = 409, male: 46%), cohort 3 (period 1995-2002, n = 514, male: 48%). All subjects underwent an oral glucose tolerance test. Lipids, blood pressure, uric acid, C-reactive protein (CRP), fasting insulin and birth weight were recorded. Insulin resistance was measured by homeostasis model assessment (HOMA-IR). The degree of obesity was higher in the more recent cohorts (standard deviation score of body mass index: 3.3 ± 0.04 vs. 3.7 ± 0.04 vs. 3.8 ± 0.03, P < 0.0001). The proportion of subjects with glucose intolerance was lower in the last two cohorts compared with the first one (11.2% vs. 3.9% vs. 6.0%, P < 0.0001). This was predominantly due to changes in the frequency of IGT (9.1% vs. 3.2% vs. 5.4%, P < 0.001 in cohorts 1, 2 and 3, respectively) while the prevalence of undiagnosed type 2 diabetes and impaired fasting glucose was similar in the three cohorts (0.9% vs. 0% vs. 0.2% and 1.3% vs. 0.7% vs. 0.4%, respectively). After adjustment for differences in age, sex, pubertal status and birth weight the levels of fasting insulin, HOMA-IR, total cholesterol, triglycerides and blood pressure, were significantly lower in cohorts 2 and 3 than in cohort 1 while CRP and uric acid were higher in the last two cohorts. Conclusion: Over a recent period spanning 24 years, the degree of obesity has risen but the prevalence of glucose intolerance has fallen in obese children admitted to an obesity centre. This was accompanied by an improvement in traditional but a worsening in non-traditional risk factors for cardiovascular disease. © 2005 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Effects of growth reduction therapy using high-dose 17β-estradiol in 26 constitutionally tall girls; Objective: The efficacy and safety of height-limiting therapy with high-dose 17β-oestradiol in girls with constitutionally tall stature (CTS) are controversial. We evaluated the effectiveness of high-dose 17β-oestradiol in premenarchal girls with CTS treated until their bone age reached 14 years. Design: We retrospectively reviewed the medical records of the girls managed between 1989 and 2000 with high-dose 17β-estradiol for CTS with a predicted final height greater than +3SDs. Patients: Twenty-six girls met our inclusion criteria. At baseline, mean chronological age was 12.06 ± 1.51 years and mean height was 171.1 ± 6.5 cm with a height standard deviation score of 4.5 ± 0.24, and mean predicted final height was 183.0 ± 4.2 cm. Treatment was stopped when bone age reached 14 years; mean treatment duration was 1.62 ± 0.76 years. Measurements: The following were obtained at 6-month intervals: height, body weight, Tanner stage, bone age, plasma cholesterol and triglycerides, plasma glucose and side effects. A mailed questionnaire on final height and satisfaction was sent 2 years after treatment discontinuation (response rate, 24/26). Results: Final height was significantly (P < 0.001) reduced, by 2.4 ± 3.2 cm, as compared to predictions. High-dose 17β-estradiol therapy decreased growth velocity and significantly increased skeletal maturation (P < 0.001). Linear growth after treatment discontinuation was 3.3 ± 1.9 cm. No serious side effects were recorded. Most of the patients were satisfied with the treatment. Conclusion: High-dose 17β-estradiol was moderately effective in reducing final height and should probably be reserved for selected patients, particularly as knowledge on potential long-term side effects is lacking. © 2006 Blackwell Publishing Ltd. ER  - 
Concerns about intranasal corticosteroids for over-the-counter use: Position statement of the Joint Task Force for the American Academy of Allergy, Asthma and Immunology and the American College of Allergy, Asthma and Immunology; The Joint Task Force for the American Academy of Allergy, Asthma and Immunology and the American College of Allergy, Asthma and Immunology was charged with formulating a position paper regarding the potential release of intranasal corticosteroids for over-the-counter use. We took the position that safety issues regarding this proposal would be our sole concern. We reviewed the literature to evaluate the frequency and severity of potential adverse events related to the administration of intranasal corticosteroids. We limited this review to 5 areas: (1) effects on growth, (2) ocular effects, (3) effects on bone, (4) effects on the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis, and (5) local adverse effects. After review of the available data, we concluded that intranasal corticosteroids should remain prescription-only drugs. Patients receiving an intranasal corticosteroid should be instructed in its use and that use should be monitored by a physician or an appropriately trained medical provider (eg, nurse practitioner or physician assistant) under the direct supervision of a physician. This conclusion was reached based on the evidence that corticosteroids administered by any route, including the intranasal route, have the potential to cause adverse effects in all the areas noted herein. Our conclusion was strengthened by the fact that these adverse effects can be insidious and therefore not evident for many years; there is the potential for overuse; patients could also have access to other forms of topically administered corticosteroids, thus increasing their total dose; and individuals vary in their susceptibility to corticosteroid-induced adverse effects. We were also influenced to take this position knowing that generally reassuring data regarding the use of respiratory tract-administered corticosteroids are based on mean data and that all such studies have shown outliers in whom adverse effects were evident. Thus, as stated, we recommend that intranasal corticosteroids remain prescription-only drugs. ER  - 
Are short boys with constitutional delay of growth and puberty candidates for rGH therapy according to FDA recommendations?; Background/Aims: According to PDA-approved guidelines, boys whose height predictions fall to 160 cm or less are considered for treatment with recombinant growth hormone (rGH). The aim of this study was to analyze the value of different height prediction methods by accurately identifying those boys with constitutional delay of growth and puberty (CDGP) in whom final height (FH) prognosis was poor (≤ 160 cm) and who might therefore be candidates for this treatment modality. Methods: In 69 boys with CDGP diagnosed at a mean age of 14.9 ± 1.2 years, FH prediction was calculated by means of Bayley-Pinneau (BP), Roche-Wainer-Tissen (RWT), Tanner-Whitehouse II (TWII) and target height (TH) methods. At the age of 22.6 ± 3.5 years their height was remeasured and the accuracy of height prediction was analyzed. Results: In 6 men (8.7%) measured FH was ≤ 160 cm. Depending on the prediction method, different individual patients within the 14- to 16-year age range would have been candidates for rGH treatment. The BP method would have recruited 8 subjects of whom only 3 had FH ≤ 160 cm (sensitivity 50%, specificity 92%). The RWT and TW II methods identified only one recruit, and this patient did achieve FH ≤ 160 cm (sensitivity 17%, specificity 100%). None of the 8 subjects with FH ≤ 160 cm would have qualified for GH treatment using the TH method. In three boys none of the four methods predicted their final height ≤ 160 cm. Conclusion: Although some boys with CDGP may be considered the candidates for rGH treatment according to FDA recommendations, none of the available methods of prediction are sufficiently sensitive to reliably recruit 14-to 16-year-old boys whose final height will fall at or below 160 cm. Copyright © 2006 S. Karger AG. ER  - 
Health-related quality of life in children diagnosed with asthma, diabetes, juvenile chronic arthritis or short stature; Aim: 1) To assess the reliability and validity of the Swedish version of the Child Health Questionnaire (CHQ), 2) to determine the correlation between children's and parents' responses to the CHQ, and 3) to describe and compare responses to the CHQ of four diagnostic groups. Methods: A total of 199 Swedish children aged 9-16 with diagnoses of asthma (n = 53), diabetes (n = 48), short stature (n = 51) and juvenile chronic arthritis (JCA, n = 47) and their parents answered the CHQ and relevant validation instruments at a clinic check-up. Coefficient alphas were determined for all dimensions of the instrument, and all but four had acceptable to very good reliability (0.75-0.94). Results: Concerning construct validity, the CHQ correlated significantly with appropriate dimensions of the validation instruments. In general, there were significant correlations between the children's and parents' responses. Comparisons between the diagnostic groups showed several significant differences. The short stature group had the highest quality of life and the JCA group the lowest. There were no sex differences, but children who had not reached puberty scored better on the dimensions of mental health and self-esteem. Conclusion: The Swedish version of the CHQ is a reliable and valid instrument. Furthermore, it is recommended to ask children themselves about their health-related quality of life. © 2006 Taylor & Francis. ER  - 
Impact of long-term iron chelation therapy on growth and endocrine functions in thalassaemia; A large number of children treated from the time of diagnosis with modern transfusion and chelation therapy are now entering early adolescence or early adulthood, and only now can we evaluate how many complications, secondary to iron overload, can be prevented by daily s.c. desferrioxamine (DFX) therapy. In 1989, we planned a multi-centre study on growth and endocrine complications in patients who started chelation therapy with DFX early in life. Height, weight, endocrine complications, haematological variables and compliance with DFX were evaluated in a study group of 238 patients aged 2-17 years with β-thalassaemia major regularly followed in 13 paediatric and haematological Italian centres. The LMS method by Cole and Green and the Mann-Whitney test were applied for statistical analysis. Twenty-six patients with thalassaemia (12.4%) had growth hormone insufficiency, five patients (2.1%) had primary hypothyroidism and four patients (1.7%) had hypoparathyroidism. Delayed puberty was present in 18.4% of boys and 17.7% of girls. At the beginning of chelation, standing height was in the normal range when compared to Swiss standards, while in the following years a progressive decline of growth was observed in both sexes. In conclusion, our study noted a positive effect of DFX therapy on sexual maturation and endocrine complications. Nevertheless, short stature has persisted despite major advances in treatment. © Freund Publishing House Ltd., London. ER  - 
Diagnosis of idiopathic growth hormone deficiency: Contributions of data on the acid-labile subunit, insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-I and II, and IGF binding protein-3; The diagnosis of non-organic growth hormone (GB) deficiency (GHD) remains difficult. Objective: To evaluate the value of measuring plasma insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-I and -II, IGF binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) and acid-labile subunit (ALS) as criteria for diagnosing GHD. Patients: 120 prepubertal patients having at least one of the main auxological criteria defined by the GH Research Society for initiating GH exploration were classified as (1) certain GHD (n = 40), (2) transient GHD (n = 18), (3) idiopathic short stature (n = 27), or (4) extreme short stature (n = 35). Results: All the patients with certain GHD had low (≤ -2 z-score) plasma concentrations of IGF-I and ALS, but only 35.1% had low IGF-II, and 48.6% had low IGFBP-3. All the patients but three (83.3%) with transient GHD had low IGF-I, but only 44.4% had low ALS, and only one had low IGF-II or IGFBP-3. The data for patients with idiopathic and extreme short stature and normal GH peak were similar to each other and to those for patients with transient GHD, except that IGF-I was less frequently low (49.2%, p <0.05). Conclusions: All the patients with certain GHD had both IGF-I and ALS z-scores ≤ -2, unlike those with transient GHD, and idiopathic or extreme short stature. Almost all the patients with short stature and normal GH peak had normal serum IGF-II and IGFBP-3 concentrations. © Freund Publishing House Ltd., London. ER  - 
The psychosocial impact of Klinefelter syndrome - A 10 year review; Objective: To describe psychosocial morbidity in a cohort of young males with hypogonadism due to Klinefelter syndrome, to document the effect of androgen replacement on behaviour, to underline issues confronting clinicians involved in treatment of this condition and to demonstrate a need for a structured program for prospective intervention for this group. We also compare this group to young men with hypogonadotrophic hypogonadism. Design: A retrospective audit of patients with Klinefelter and Kallmann syndromes, presenting for medical assessment from 1994-2004. Patients: Postpubertal males with Klinefelter syndrome (n = 32) and Kallmann syndrome (n = 19) were audited by chart review for psychosocial comorbidities, pubertal management, and the need for exogenous testosterone. Results: Seventeen of 32 postpubertal patients with Klinefelter syndrome required testosterone therapy while 11 were documented to have serum testosterone in the normal adult range. All patients with Kallmann syndrome required long term testosterone treatment. Significant psychosocial and behavioural problems were present in 22/32 of patients with Klinefelter syndrome, including seven who were testosterone replete, with an identifiable pattern of disorder, including marked lack of insight, poor judgement and impaired ability to learn from adverse experience. Use of long term replacement testosterone treatment reduced episodes of behavioural indiscretion. Of those patients with Kallmann syndrome, 5/19 reported mild depressive symptoms only, all resolving with testosterone replacement. Conclusion: Inadequately treated hypogonadism in Klinefelter syndrome increases recognized psychosocial morbidity. There is a need for prospectively planned and timed support for young men with Klinefelter syndrome, to ameliorate current poor psychosocial outcomes. © Freund Publishing House Ltd., London. ER  - 
Risk of endometrial cancer mortality by ever-use of sex hormones and other factors in Japan.; OBJECTIVES: To examine associations of ever-use of sex hormones (EUSH) and other factors with endometrial cancer (EC) mortality through a nation-wide Japan Collaborative Cohort Study. METHODS: A total of 63,541 women aged 40-79 years, enrolled in 1988-90 from 45 municipalities of Japan, were followed until 2003 to record their vital status. Using baseline data, the Cox proportional hazard model (age adjusted and multivariate) was used to estimate the hazard ratio (HR) and 95% confidence interval (CI) for EC mortality by selected factors, including EUSH. Bivariate analysis was also conducted to establish associations between EUSH and other factors. RESULTS: The mortality rate from EC was 2.6 per 100,000 person-years during the mean follow-up period of 13.3 years. Prevalence rate of EUSH was 5.2%. Significantly increased risk of EC mortality was found for EUSH with both age adjusted (HR=6.43, 95%CI=2.10-19.67) and multivariate (HR=5.33; 95%CI=1.51-18.82) analyses. Bivariate analysis indicated that history of diabetes mellitus, smoking, drinking, and age at first delivery were positively associated with EUSH, whereas age, number of delivery, number of pregnancy, and age at menarche demonstrated inverse links. CONCLUSIONS: Our results imply that EUSH may increase the risk of EC mortality among Japanese women. However, further studies with more deaths are needed to validate the results. ER  - 
Safety of growth hormone treatment in children born small for gestational age: The US trial and KIGS analysis; Background: Recently, growth hormone (GH) therapy for children with short stature born small for gestational age (SGA) has been approved in the USA and Europe. There have been few reports examining adverse events during GH treatment of these children. Aims: (i) To examine glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity during GH treatment of children born SGA in a US trial, (ii) To determine and compare adverse events reported in children born SGA with those reported in children with idiopathic short stature (ISS) enrolled in KIGS - Pfizer International Growth Database. Methods: In the US SGA trial, an oral glucose tolerance test was performed and fasting plasma glucose, insulin and glycosylated haemoglobin (HbA1C) concentrations were measured at baseline and after 12 months of GH therapy. Insulin sensitivity was calculated using the homeostasis model assessment (HOMA) and the quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI). In the KIGS analysis, a retrospective audit of spontaneously logged cumulative adverse events in children born SGA and those with ISS was undertaken. Adverse events are reported per 1,000 patients. Values are expressed as mean with 10th-90th percentiles. Results: In the US trial, 84 patients had complete data sets for analysis. Median birth weight was 1.78 kg (SDS, -2.5) and birth length 43 cm (SDS, -2.2) at a median gestational age of 36.5 weeks; 79% were Caucasian. At entry, median age of the patients analysed was 6.6 years, and 65% were male. Median height was 104.3 cm (SDS, -2.97), median weight 15.95 kg (SDS, -2.21) and body mass index 14.66 kg/m2 (SDS, -0.67). No patients developed impaired glucose tolerance or overt diabetes mellitus. The 0-min glucose concentration was 81 mg/dl at baseline and 86 mg/dl at 1 year, while the 120-min glucose concentration was 90 mg/dl at baseline and 96 mg/dl at 1 year. The 0-min insulin concentrations were 2.9 mU/l at baseline and 5.3 mU/l at 1 year, while the 120-min insulin levels were 7.7 mU/l at baseline and 11 mU/l at 1 year. The proportions of HbA1C were 5.2 and 5.4% at baseline and 1 year, respectively. HOMA and QUICKI values were 0.59 and 0.42, respectively, at baseline, and 1.13 and 0.38 at 1 year. In KIGS, there were 1909 children born SGA aged 9.1 (3.9-13.3) years with a birth weight SDS of -2.6 (-4.0 to -1.5), birth length SDS of-2.7 (-4.3 to -1.3) and height SDS of-2.71 (-3.9 to-1.8) prior to treatment. GH doses ranged from 0.032 to 0.037 in the USA and from 0.022 to 0.023 mg/kg/day in the remaining countries in KIGS. Neither total (187 vs. 183) nor serious (14 vs. 10) adverse events occurred more commonly in the SGA group than in the ISS group. Although respiratory adverse events occurred more commonly in children born SGA (34.3 vs. 16.8; p < 0.05), endocrine (12.0 vs. 2.7; p < 0.05) and hepatobiliary (6.2 vs. 1.1; p < 0.05) adverse events occurred more commonly in children with ISS. Conclusions: As expected, a reduction in insulin sensitivity occurred during GH treatment of children born SGA; however, glucose tolerance remained normal. No adverse events were reported more commonly in children born SGA than in those with ISS. Minor differences in adverse events reporting within organ systems between children born SGA and those with ISS are probably due to variable under-reporting of adverse events. GH appears to be a safe drug to use at current doses as a growth-promoting agent in short children born SGA. Copyright © 2006 S. Karger AG. ER  - 
Leptin and its emerging role in children and adolescents; Leptin is an adipocyte-secreted hormone which plays a key role in energy homeostasis. Recent "proof of concept" studies involving leptin administration to humans support its critical role in regulating energy homeostasis, neuroendocrine and immune function as well as insulin resistance in states of energy/ caloric deprivation. Moreover, interventional studies in leptin deficient children and observational studies in normal girls and boys support a role for leptin as a permissive factor for the initiation of puberty in children. The potential clinical usefulness of leptin in several disease states in children and adolescents, including hypothalamic amenorrhea, eating disorders and syndromes of insulin resistance is still under investigation. Copyright © 2006 by The Japanese Society for Pediatric Endocrinology. ER  - 
The emerging role of leptin in humans; Leptin is an adipocyte-secreted hormone which plays a key role in energy homeostasis. Recent advances in leptin physiology have revealed that the main role of this hormone in humans is to signal energy availability in energy-deficient states. Interventional studies in leptin deficient children and observational studies in normal girls and boys support a role for leptin as a permissive factor for the initiation of puberty in children. Moreover, recent "proof of concept" studies involving leptin administration to humans further support its critical role in regulating energy homeostasis, neuroendocrine and immune function as well as insulin resistance in states of energy/caloric deprivation. Leptin's potential role in the therapy of several disease states, including hypothalamic amenorrhea, anorexia nervosa and syndromes of insulin resistance is under intensive investigation. ER  - 
The insulin-like growth factor system and mammographic features in premenopausal and postmenopausal women; High levels of circulating insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) and its major binding protein (IGFBP-3) at premenopausal ages have been associated with an increased breast cancer risk. We conducted a cross-sectional study (215 premenopausal women and 241 after natural menopause) nested within the Guernsey prospective studies to examine the relationship between the IGF system and mammographic features of the breast. The mammographically dense area in the breast increased with increasing serum levels of IGF-I (P for linear trend, Pt = 0.05), IGF-II (Pt = 0.08), and IGFBP-3 (Pt = 0.01) only in premenopausal women. IGF-II and IGFBP-3 serum levels were associated with increases in the mammographically lucent area in both premenopausal (P4 = 0.01 and 0.04, respectively) and postmenopausal women (Pt < 0.001 for both), but these associations were no longer statistically significant after adjustment for body mass index and waist circumference. Neither the IGF-I/IGFBP-3 nor the IGF-II/ IGFBP-3 molar ratio was associated with any of these mammographic features. The number of A alleles at a polymorphic locus in the promoter region of the IGFBP-3 gene was associated with increasing mean IGFBP-3 levels in both premenopausal (Pt = 0.01) and postmenopausal (Pt <0.001) women but not with mammographically dense area. These results support the hypothesis that the IGF system may affect the amount of mammographically dense tissue in premenopausal women, possibly by promoting cell proliferation and inhibiting apoptosis in the fibroglandular tissue. The findings also show strong relations between IGF-II and IGFBP-3 levels and the amount of mammographically lucent tissue, reflecting the associations between body adiposity and amount of fat tissue in the breast and between body adiposity and circulating levels of these growth factors. Copyright © 2006 American Association for Cancer Research. ER  - 
Clinicopathologic study of the putative precursor lesions of epithelial ovarian cancer in low-risk women; Possible precursor lesions for epithelial ovarian cancer (EOC) have been defined in the ovaries of women with contralateral EOC, with breast cancer susceptibility gene (BRCA)-1 mutations, or with positive family history. We aimed to investigate the prevalence of these lesions in women without any recognizable risk and to correlate these lesions with clinical ovulatory markers. The study group consisted of 184 women who were operated for benign gynecological conditions. Patients were requested to fill a questionnaire about anthropometric characteristics and medical and reproductive history. Oophorectomy specimens were examined for presence of epithelial inclusion cysts (EIC), cortical invaginations (CI), stromal hyperplasia (SHPP), epithelial pseudostratification (EPS), and surface papillomatosis (SP). Women with EIC were older, had lower age at menarche, and had higher menarche-to-pregnancy and menarche-to-operation time. SHPP was found to be related with age, menarche-to-operation time, history, and the duration of oral contraceptive use. Women with SP had lower age at menarche, lower menopausal age, and longer duration of hormone replacement therapy. No significant correlations were established between CI and any clinical parameters. Only one patient had EPS. Our findings suggest that these lesions correlate closely with reproductive features. Exact mechanisms that lead to development of these lesions should be clarified before implying them as precursor lesions of EOC. © 2006, IGCS. ER  - 
African American child-women: Nutrition theory revisited; Past research indicates a significantly higher prevalence of early sexual maturation in African American (AA) girls, which is associated with a number of psychological and behavioral problems as well as with health problems such as childhood obesity and diabetes. Both nutrition and body image perceptions have never before been empirically investigated in the context of early puberty. The present study analyzed nutritional differences among AA girls who experience early sexual maturation with those who do not, as well as the dynamics of early sexual maturation, food consumption, and body image perceptions of AA girls. Participants were 45 AA girls ages 7-10 years, and guardians who were recruited from Boys and Girls Clubs in the southeastern part of the U.S. The Continuing Survey of Food Intakes by Individuals and Fallon and Rozin's (1985) Body Image Checklist was used to assess the food intake and body image perceptions of the young girls. Evidence of early sexual maturation was operationalized as the parental report of development of any secondary sexual characteristics (breasts, hips, pubic hair) in the young girl. A two-day food intake recall was conducted over a representative weekday period. Results revealed a significant difference between the calcium and fiber consumption of the AA girls who experienced early sexual maturation versus those who did not. Also, results indicated a relationship between parental characteristics, household shopping practices, and food consumption of the young girls. These findings are important and can be used to predict, prepare, and educate the AA population as well as establish appropriate support systems for these child-women. ER  - 
Growth, bone mass, and vitamin D status of Chinese adolescent girls 3 y after withdrawal of milk supplementation; Background: A 2-y school milk intervention trial showed that 330 mL of a dietary milk supplement (fortified with calcium alone or with both calcium and vitamin D) enhanced the growth and bone mineral accretion of Chinese girls aged 10 y at baseline. Girls who received milk fortified with both calcium and vitamin D also had better vitamin D status than did girls who received nothing or girls who received milk fortified only with calcium. Objective: The aim was to evaluate whether these effects were sustained 3 y after supplement withdrawal. Design: Anthropometric measures and dietary intake were reassessed in 501 of the 698 girls whose data had been studied at the end of the intervention. As in the intervention phase, total-body bone mineral content and bone mineral density and serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D concentrations were measured in half of these subjects. Results: At follow-up, 99% of girls had reached menarche, at a mean (±SD) menarcheal age of 12.1 ± 1.1 y. No significant differences in the timing of menarche were observed between the 3 groups (P = 0.6). No significant differences in the changes of total-body bone mineral content and bone mineral density since baseline were observed between the groups. The group receiving calcium-fortified milk had significantly greater gains in sitting height (0.9 ± 0.3%; P = 0.02) than did the control group. The group that received calcium- and vitamin D-fortified milk had 17.1 ± 6.7% lower serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D concentrations than did the control group (P = 0.04), but the difference was attenuated by additional adjustment for physical activity level (14.2 ± 6.7%; P = 0.08). Conclusion: Milk supplementation during early puberty does not have long-lasting effects on bone mineral accretion. © 2006 American Society for Nutrition. ER  - 
Weight change and risk of endometrial cancer; Background: Obesity is an established risk factor for endometrial cancer. Less well understood is the role of weight gain and weight change in determining risk. Methods: We analysed data from a population-based case-control study to evaluate the associations of body mass index (BMI), weight gain, and weight cycling with risk of endometrial cancer. Cases (n = 740) under age 80 with a new diagnosis of endometrial cancer were identified from Wisconsin's cancer registry. Controls (n = 2342) were randomly selected from driver's license lists and Medicare beneficiary files. Body size at three time points and other risk factor information were ascertained by interview in 1992-95. Results: Endometrial cases were more likely than controls to be nulliparous, have early ages at menarche and late ages at menopause, be diabetic, smoke cigarettes, and use post-menopausal hormones. After adjustment for these factors, increasing BMI was associated with increased risk (P-trend < 0.001); women in the top quartile of BMI (>29 kg/m2) had a 3-fold greater risk of endometrial cancer [95% confidence interval (95% CI) 2.4-4.2] compared with women in the lowest quartile (<23 kg/-m2). For each 5 kg weight gain, the odds ratio (OR) for endometrial cancer risk equalled 1.2 (95% CI 1.2-1.3). History of weight cycling modestly increased risk after adjustment for BMI and other factors (OR = 1.3; 95% CI 1.0-1.6). In addition, women who reported sustained weight loss had a reduced risk of endometrial cancer (OR = 0.7; 95% CI 0.6-0.9). Conclusions: These results suggest that weight gain and lack of weight stability are associated with risk of endometrial cancer. © The Author 2005; all rights reserved. ER  - 
Resistin concentrations before and after weight loss in obese children; Objective: The influences of gender, puberty, and obesity on resistin levels and the longitudinal relationships between insulin resistance, weight loss, and resistin have not yet been studied in childhood. Methods: Age, pubertal stage, gender, weight status (standard deviation score-body mass index (SDS-BMI)), resistin levels, and insulin resistance index calculated by homeostasis model assessment (HOMA) were evaluated in 63 obese children and compared to 36 lean children of same age, gender, and pubertal stage. Furthermore, we analyzed the changes of weight status (SDS-BMI, percentage body fat based on skinfold measurements), waist-to-hip ratio, resistin, and HOMA over a 1-year period in 38 obese children. Results: The resistin levels did not significantly (P = 0.079) differ between obese (median resistin 8.7 ng/ml) and lean children (median resistin 9.7 ng/ml). Resistin concentrations were independent of age and pubertal stage, but girls demonstrated significantly higher resistin levels than boys (P = 0.021). There were no significant correlations between changes of resistin and changes of SDS-BMI (r = 0.14, P = 0.198), changes of percentage body fat (r = -0.01, P = 0.466), changes of waist-to-hip ratio (r = 0.17, P = 0.141), and changes of insulin resistance index (r = 0.01, P = 0.472) over the 1-year period. The weight loss of ≥0.5 SDS-BMI in 16 children was associated with a significant decrease in HOMA (P = 0.030), while there was no significant change in resistin levels (P = 0.878). Conclusions: Girls demonstrated higher resistin concentrations than boys. Our data do not support a relationship between resistin, insulin resistance index, and weight status in childhood. © 2006 Nature Publishing Group All rights reserved. ER  - 
Interactions between noncontiguous haplotypes in the adiponectin gene ACDC are associated with plasma adiponectin; Adiponectin, an adipocyte protein important in insulin sensitization and cardioprotection, has a strong genetic component. We hypothesized that variants in the adiponectin gene (adipocyte collagen-domain containing [ACDC]) contribute to adiponectin levels in a biracial adolescent cohort. We genotyped 11 ACDC single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in 631 non-Hispanic white and 553 African-American unrelated adolescents in grades 5-12 randomly selected from the Princeton School District Study. ACDC SNPs -11,391 (A allele), -10,068 (G allele), and +276 (T allele) were associated with higher adiponectin, adjusting for sex, puberty stage, BMI Z score, and waist Z score. Contiguous two-SNP haplotypes of promoter variants -11,391/-10,068 were significantly associated with adiponectin levels in whites and African Americans (P < 0.0001 and 0.03, respectively). Extended haplotypes from the promoter through the second intron (-11,391 to +349) strongly associated with adiponectin in whites (P = 6 × 10-11) and African Americans (P = 0.004), but haplotypes of first intron SNPs -4,521 to -657 did not (P > 0.2). Noncontiguous haplotypes or interactions between two-SNP (-11,391/-10,068) and three-SNP (+45, +276, and +349) haplotypes predicted adiponectin better than either region alone. Variants of ACDC are associated with adiponectin levels in whites and African Americans. Interactions between noncontiguous ACDC haplotypes strongly influence adiponectin levels, suggesting nonadditive and potentially cis relationships between these regions. © 2006 by the American Diabetes Association. ER  - 
Characterisation of morbidity in a UK, hospital based, obesity clinic; Aim: To identify clinical features which predict those most at risk of co-morbidities within an obesity clinic. Methods: Children attending an obesity clinic had fasting glucose, insulin, and lipids measured prior to a standard oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). History and examination established birth weight, family history of type 2 diabetes/obesity, pubertal status, and presence of acanthosis nigricans. Central and total fat mass was estimated by bio-impedance. Results: Of the 126 children evaluated, 10.3% (n = 13) had impaired glucose tolerance (IGT); the majority (n = 11) of these would not have been identified on fasting glucose alone. Those with IGT were more likely to have a parental history of type 2 diabetes (relative risk 3.5). IGT was not associated with acanthosis nigricans. Twenty five per cent (n = 19) of those evaluated (n = 75) had evidence of the "metabolic syndrome" (MS). HDL cholesterol and triglyceride levels were related to insulin sensitivity (HOMA-R); HDL cholesterol was also related to birth weight SDS. We observed a trend for those with MS to have a lower birth weight SDS. The severity of obesity did not influence the likelihood of IGT or MS. Conclusions: Significant numbers of obese children have associated co-morbidities. Analysis of fasting blood glucose samples alone is not satisfactory to adequately evaluate glucose homoeostasis. The overall level of obesity does not predict co-morbidities. Special attention should be given to those with parental diabetes and a history of low birth weight who are more likely to have IGT and abnormal lipid profiles respectively. ER  - 
Results of a randomised controlled cross-over trial on the effect of continuous subcutaneous glucose monitoring (CGMS) on glycaemic control in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes; Objective: To study the feasibility and the influence on glycaemic control of continuous glucose monitoring (CGMS) in young patients with type 1 diabetes. Design and Methods: A double-blinded, cross-over study was performed in 30 children (median age 11.1 years [range: 2.3-16.3], diabetes duration 2.1 years [0.2-7.1]). Patients were randomised into an open (A) or blind study arm (B). Both groups performed standardised self-monitoring blood glucose (SMBG) and received CGMS at the beginning of the study, at 3 and 6 months, each. In the blinded arm, patients and investigator were concealed from CGMS data. After 3 months, open and blinded study arms crossed over. Average glucose values and area under the glucose curve (AUC) per 24 h, above 180 and below 60 mg/dl were calculated from CGMS. Haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) was measured at each study point. Results: Despite comparable clinical characteristics between the 15 patients of each arm, mean HbA1c was slightly lower in arm A than in B at baseline (7.8 ± 1.2% vs. 8.4 ± 1.1%, p = 0.148), at 3 months (7.8 ± 1.1% vs. 8.3 ± 1.1%, p = 0.233), and significantly lower at 6 months (7.6 ± 1.1% vs. 8.5 ± 0.9%, p = 0.026). However, no significant change of HbA1c occurred within each arm (A, p = 0.183 and B, p = 0.823), irrespectively whether CGMS data were blinded or not. Likewise, mean glucose and hyper- or hypoglycaemia values did not change significantly. Conclusions: In this setting, CGMS did not decisively influence glycaemic control of a total study cohort. More frequent use of CGMS at shorter intervals in single patients with hyper- or hypoglycaemic problems may be of greater value than SMBG. © J. A. Barth Verlag in Georg Thieme Verlag KG. ER  - 
Influence of obesity and insulin resistance on left atrial size in children; Background: Left atrial (LA) enlargement has been linked to obesity and insulin resistance in adults. Objective: The purpose of this study was to determine the association in children between LA area and: (i) different components of the metabolic syndrome including obesity (OB), measures of body mass index (BMI) and waist circumference (WC), homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR, proinsulin), and blood pressure (BP); and (ii) left ventricular mass (LVM) and diastolic function, measured using echo Doppler. Methods and results: Eighty-four (44 females) subjects, [40 OB (BMI > 95%), 28 overweight (BMI > 85%)], 16 non-OB (BMI < 85%)] aged 9 ± 2.24 yrs were matched for sex and age. BMI, WC, BP, Tanner stage, and Mode M, 2-dimensional and Doppler transmitral echocardiography were assessed. A standard oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) was done, measuring glucose, insulin, and proinsulin concentrations. Hypertension was only present in OB subjects (25%). Significant univariate association (p < 0.001) was found between LA area and height (r = 0.52), age (r = 0.45), Tanner stage (r = 0.45), BMI (r = 0.66), WC (r = 0.70), systolic BP (r = 0.52), diastolic BP (r = 0.53), proinsulin (r = 0.36), and HOMA-IR (r = 0.36). In the multivariate regression analysis, independent variables were entered in a stepwise fashion: initially, gender (p = 0.006) and Tanner stage (p = 0.011) were still significant independent correlates of LA area after adjusting for age, gender, and Tanner stage. Subsequently, incorporation of WC showed that WC (p = 0.018) was a significant independent correlate of LA area. A larger model constructed to test the significance of adjustment factors, including WC, BP, LVM, and HOMA-IR showed that WC (p < 0.001) was the only significant independent variable. Conclusion: LA enlargement is present in childhood and is related to abdominal OB and insulin resistance, suggesting that children with central OB are at increased risk for cardiovascular disease. Copyright © Blackwell Munksgaard 2006. ER  - 
Fundus findings in patients with type I diabetes mellitus; Aim: While juvenile diabetics are followed more regularly, the importance of retinopathy in diabetic children is generally underestimated. Ophthalmologic examination may present some differences in patients with Type I diabetes mellitus (IDDM) according to the age of the patient. The effectiveness of blood-retina barrier is stable in patients with IDDM until the age of puberty. A progressive decrease is observed in the blood-retina barrier after this period. The diabetic retinopathy is a kind of microangiopathy which can lead to blindness. Patients with IDDM should be followed regularly with a retinal examination, starting 3- 5 years after the first diagnosis. In this study, we presented the fundus findings of our cases with post-pubertal IDDM. Material and Method: A total of 53 patients with IDDM who had been followed for more than a year were evaluated by an ophthalmologist. Visual acuity of the patients was determined by using Snellen test. Biomicroscobic examination of the frontal segment, indirect ophthalmoscopy following pupillary dilatation and retina examinations were performed. Results: The mean age of the patients and the duration of the disease were 15.3 and 5.1 years, respectively. The mean visual acuity was 86.6% in the right and 85.2% in the left eyes. Ophthalmoscopic examination revealed a normal left and right fundus in 33 (62.3%) and 34 (64.1%) of the patients, respectively. Four patients (7.5%) developed a background retinopathy. These patients were those who were followed less than five years. Non-proliferative retinopathy was observed in only one patient (1.9%) who had been followed for a period of 15 years. Proliferative retinopathy was recorded in three patients (5.7%) who were followed for more than five years. Edema of the macula and optic atrophy were detected in eight (15.1%) and three patients (5.7%), respectively. Three patients had cataract (5.7%), of these two (66.7%) had been followed over 10 years. Conclusions: The retinopathy incidence in IDDM patients increases when the duration of the disease is prolonged. Examination of the retina and periodic follow-up are of importance in terms of protection and maintenance of the visual functions. ER  - 
Intima media thickness in childhood obesity: Relations to inflammatory marker, glucose metabolism, and blood pressure; Obesity in childhood is discussed to be associated with hypertension, dyslipidemia, impaired glucose metabolism, and chronic inflammation. It has not yet been studied in obese children which of these cardiovascular risk factors are related to intima media thickness (IMT), a noninvasive marker for early atherosclerotic changes. We collected the clinical data (age, sex, pubertal stage, percentage of body fat, SD score of body mass index [SDS-BMI]) and measured systolic blood pressure [SBP] and diastolic blood pressure [DBP], triglycerides [TGs], high- and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, glucose, insulin, and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein [hsCRP]) in 96 obese children (median age, 11 years). The control group was composed of 25 nonobese children of the same age, sex, and pubertal stage. We determined the carotid IMT of all the patients by B-mode ultrasound with a 14-MHz linear transducer. Obese children demonstrated a significantly (P < .001) thicker intima media (median, 0.6 mm) as compared with the control group (median IMT, 0.4 mm). IMT was significantly correlated to the SDS-BMI (r = 0.38, P < .001), percentage of body fat (r = 0.39, P < .001), SBP (r = 0.39, P < .001) and DBP (r = 0.29, P = .002), glucose (r = 0.30, P = .001), and hsCRP levels (r = 0.29, P = .002). In stepwise backward multiple linear regression analysis, IMT correlated significantly to BMI (r2 = 0.05, P = .044), SBP (r2 = 0.15, P = .013), glucose (r2 = 0.05, P = .028), and hsCRP (r 2 = 0.07, P = .005). Because IMT is increased in obese children, vascular changes in obesity seem to occur already in childhood. These changes are related to the cardiovascular risk factors of obesity, especially hypertension, chronic inflammation, and impaired glucose metabolism. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Longitudinal changes in insulin sensitivity, insulin secretion, and β-cell function during puberty; Objective: To determine longitudinal changes in insulin sensitivity (SI), insulin secretion, and β-cell function during puberty in white and black youth. Study design: The tolbutamide-modified frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test and minimal modeling were used to measure SI, the acute insulin response to glucose (AIRg), and β-cell function (disposition index, DI) in white (n = 46) and black (n = 46) children (mean [±SD] age at baseline = 10.2 ± 1.7 years). Growth curve models (including 272 observations) with SI, AIRg, and DI regressed on Tanner stage were run after adjusting for covariates. Results: After adjusting for covariates, growth curve models revealed that SI decreased and subsequently recovered by the end of puberty in whites and blacks (both p < .05), AIRg decreased linearly across Tanner stages in both races (both p < .001), and DI decreased across puberty in blacks (p = .001) but not in whites (p = .2). Conclusions: White and black youth exhibited transient insulin resistance and diminished AIRg during puberty. The progressive decline in DI among blacks versus whites may reflect a unique effect of puberty on β-cell compensation in blacks. Future studies are needed to identify whether this difference contributes to the increased risk of type II diabetes in young blacks. Copyright © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Development and biological function of the female gonads and genitalia in IGF-I deficiency - Laron syndrome as a model; Laron syndrome (LS) or primary GH insensitivity is a unique human model to study the effects of congenital IGF-I deficiency. Within our cohort of 63 patients with LS, 15 female patients were regularly followed since birth or infancy, throughout puberty. We observed that they were short at birth, with small genitalia and gonads - during puberty, developed delayed puberty but eventually reached between 16 and 19 1/2 years full sexual development. Reproduction is unaffected at a young adult age. It is concluded that IGF-I in concert with the sex hormones has a modulatory but not essential function on female sexual development and maturation. ER  - 
Follow-up study of two sisters with type A syndrome of severe insulin resistance gives a new insight into PCOS pathogenesis in relation to puberty and pregnancy outcome: A case report; We report two sisters with profound insulin resistance associated with a novel heterozygous missense mutation in exon 19 (His1130Arg) of the insulin receptor gene. The eldest was seen after puberty at age 15 and she presented a severe form of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) with biological hyperandrogenism (HA) mimicking a virilizing tumour. However, she has been able to ovulate under clomiphene citrate (CC) and to achieve two uneventful pregnancies. The patient had no glucose tolerance abnormality during pregnancies. The outcome of pregnancy was good except for a low birthweight. The youngest sister was seen earlier in life (at age 11) before puberty. First, she developed polycystic ovaries (PCO), seen under ultrasound scan, and later also developed full PCOS. This second finding gave us the opportunity to observe that PCO developed before and at the beginning of puberty despite low LH levels. We postulate that the development of PCO was the consequence of an LH-independent intra-ovarian HA likely induced by the severe hyperinsulinism in the context of genetic abnormalities. © 2006 Oxford University Press. ER  - 
Pituitary enlargement in patients with primary hypothyroidism.; OBJECTIVE: To assesses the frequency and degree of pituitary hyperplasia in patients with primary hypothyroidism, the association of pituitary enlargement with disease severity, and the response to treatment. METHODS: Between April 2002 and August 2004 at the National Center for Diabetes, Endocrinology and Genetics in Amman, Jordan, 53 patients (49 female and 4 male subjects) with primary hypothyroidism and serum thyrotropin (thyroid-stimulating hormone or TSH) levels of > or = 50 microIU/mL were encountered. Initial and follow-up investigations included thyroid function tests, serum prolactin levels, and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) of the pituitary. Visual field examination was requested for all patients with pituitary enlargement (and adequately completed in 24). RESULTS: Pituitary enlargement on MRI was found in 37 of the 53 patients (70%), with 31 of the 37 patients (84%) having TSH levels of > or = 100 microIU/mL. After thyroxine treatment, 85% of the patients with pituitary enlargement who underwent a follow-up MRI showed a decrease in size of the gland. About half of the patients were referred to our facility with the diagnosis of hypothyroidism; presenting features in the rest of the patients included galactorrhea, menstrual irregularities, learning disability, short stature, precocious puberty, ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome, headaches, visual field defects, and dry ichthyotic skin. CONCLUSION: The association between pituitary gland enlargement and primary hypothyroidism should be kept in mind when pituitary hyperplasia is detected on MRI, before unwarranted and drastic interventions are initiated. ER  - 
Growth, puberty, and final height in children with Type 1 diabetes; Objective: The aims of this study were to assess the physical growth and pubertal development in a group of diabetic children and to evaluate the effect of height at diagnosis, duration of illness, and degree of glycemic control on final height and sexual maturation. Research design: A cohort of 72 Sudanese diabetic children, 7-13 years of age at diagnosis, was followed longitudinally from the onset of diabetes until the attainment of final height. Results: The mean height standard deviation scores (SDS) at diagnosis were 0.04 in boys and -0.15 in girls, which was greater than their genetic target height (GTH). The growth velocity between diagnosis and final height was slow, with significant reduction in pubertal growth spurt. The mean final height attained by these children was lower than their GTH, a finding that contradicts most of the recently published reports. The average age at menarche in girls (15.1 years) and the mean age of full sexual maturation in boys (17.2 years) were significantly delayed in this group of diabetic patients. This retardation in physical growth and pubertal development was positively correlated with the duration of diabetes before the onset of puberty and glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c) concentration. The majority of these patients were thin at diagnosis of diabetes, with median body mass index (BMI) <22, but showed a remarkable, progressive weight gain during puberty, which was more evident in girls. The weight gain was independent of weight at diagnosis and duration of diabetes, but was positively correlated with the daily dose of insulin and HbA1c concentration. Conclusion: Conventional therapy of diabetic children is associated with impairment of physical growth and delayed sexual maturation. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Association study of six activity SNPS in adrenal steroid hormone metabolism and IBM related genes with precocious puberty in Chinese girls; Objectives: In order to investigate whether the variances in candidate genes (Insulin receptor substrate IRS-1, β3-adrenergic receptor ADRB3, 3 β-hydro-xysteroid dehydrogenase HSD3B2, glucocorticoid receptor GRL and 21-hydroxylase CYP21) which affect the metabolism of adrenal steroids hormone and body composition, are associated with precocious puberty in Chinese girls. Methods: PCR-RFLP analysis method was applied in the typing of six activity SNPs in five genes in two groups: 176 precocious puberty girls as case and 192 healthy girls as control. Results: The typing results showed that the frequencies of the allele CYP21 L282 polymorphism were 32.7% and 32.6% in case and control groups (P=0.518), respectively. For IRS-I R972, they were 0.6% in cases and 2.3% in controls (P=0.043), for ADRB3 R64,13.6% in cases and 12% in controls (P=O. 378), and for GRL S363,7.4% in cases and 5.73% in controls (P=0.335). No sample in the two groups carries the variation of CYP21 1172N and HSD3B2 L236S. Conclusion: Among these six activity SNPs in five candidate genes, IRS-1 972R was statistically associated with the onset time of puberty in Chinese girls. In order to confirm whether the candidate genes have any other activity SNPs that are associated with the onset time of puberty in Chinese girls, resequencing of these candidate genes is needed in following time. © Neuroendocrinology Letters. ER  - 
Dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate and insulin of prepubertal girls born small for gestational age; OBJECTIVES: To investigate whether the association between low birth weight and increased risk of developing premature adrenarche, adrenal hyperandrogenism, hyperinsulinism and insulin resistance is apparent in prepubertal girls born small for gestational age (SGA) and analyze when adrenarche occurs in SGA infants and normal birth weight girls. METHODS: The study was performed in 39 prepubertal SGA girls with a mean age of 7.4 +/- 1.7 years and 42 prepubertal appropriate for gestational age (AGA) girls with a mean age of 7.4 +/- 1.7 years served as controls. All children were born at term and were prepubertal. Detailed physical examination was performed for all the children after 12 h of overnight fasting. Blood samples were taken for the measurement of fasting glucose (FPG), insulin (FIns), dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHEAS), cortisol and estradiol concentrations. Insulin sensitivity was assessed by insulin sensitivity index [IAI = log(e) (FPG x FIns)]. RESULT: There was no premature adrenarche in SGA and AGA groups. Birth weight was significantly lower in SGA group (P < 0.001). Gestational age was similar in both groups. At the time of the study, the ages, body mass index (BMI), fasting glucose, cortisol and estradiol did not significantly differ between the two groups. But body height and weight were significantly lower in the SGA group (P < 0.05 for both). The fasting plasma insulin in the SGA group was higher than that in AGA group (common logarithmic transformation: 1.076 +/- 0.041 vs. 1.050 +/- 0.051, P < 0.05). The insulin sensitivity index was not significantly different between the two groups (-4.0165 +/- 0.1761 vs. -3.9768 +/- 0.2314). The serum DHEAS was significantly higher in SGA children than in AGA children (common logarithmic transformation: 2.637 +/- 0.271 vs. 2.514 +/- 0.250, P < 0.05). From about age 7 the concentration of DHEAS had a gradual rise in AGA children. The time of DHEAS rise tended to be earlier in SGA children compared with AGA children. CONCLUSIONS: Adrenarche commences at approximately 7 years of age in AGA girls. The time of adrenarche tended to be earlier in SGA girls compared with AGA girls. There were adrenal hyperandrogenism and hyperinsulinism in prepubertal girls born small for gestational age. But there was no insulin resistance as assessed by insulin sensitivity index. ER  - 
Cardiovascular risk factors in a population of Brazilian schoolchildren; Epidemiological and clinical evidence suggests that a judicious diet, regular physical activity and blood pressure (BP) monitoring must start in early childhood to minimize the impact of modifiable cardiovascular risk factors. This study was designed to evaluate BP and metabolic parameters of schoolchildren from Vitória, Espírito Santo State, Brazil, and correlate them with cardiovascular risk factors. The study was conducted on 380 students aged 10-14 years (177 boys, 203 girls) enrolled in public schools. Baseline measurements included body mass index, BP and heart rate. The students were submitted to exercise spirometry on a treadmill. VO2max was obtained from exercise testing to voluntary exhaustion. Fasting serum total cholesterol (TC), LDL-C, HDL-C, triglycerides (TG), and glucose were measured. Nine point nine percent of the boys and 11.7% of the girls were hypertensive or had pre-hypertensive levels. There was no significant correlation between VO2max and TC, LDL-C, or TG in prepubertal children, but a slight negative correlation was detected in post-pubertal boys for HDL-C and TG. In addition, children with hypertension (3.4%) or pre-hypertensive levels (6.6%) also had comorbidity for overweight and blood lipid abnormalities (14% for triglycerides, 44.7% for TC, 25.9% for LDL-C, 52% for low HDL-C). The present study shows for the first time high correlations between prehypertensive blood pressure levels and the cardiovascular risk factors high TC, high LDL-C, low HDL-C in schoolchildren. These are important for the formulation of public health policies and strategies. ER  - 
Cardiovascular risk and metabolic profile in obese children and adolescents with low insulin sensitivity; Background: Infantile obesity is associated with metabolic disturbances (hiperinsulinism, impaired glucose, dislypidemia) that determine a higher risk of type 2 diabetes, high blood pressure and atherosclerotic vascular disease in adulthood. Insulin resistance is a central mechanism of complications of obesity and is associated to body fat mass. Aim: To investigate insulin sensitivity and its association with anthropometric and metabolic variables in obese children. Patients and methods: We studied 314 children aged 6 to 15 years. Of these, 235 had a body mass index (BMI) over the 95 percentile for age and sex (classified as obese) and 79 had a normal body mass index; 161 were pre-pubescent and 153 were pubescent. Weight, height, percentage of total body fat (% TBF) using the sum of 4 skinfolds, blood pressure (BP), waist circumference (WC), basal glucose (Glu) and insulin (Ins) were measured. Insulin sensitivity (IS) was calculated with the homeostasis model assessment (HOMA) and QUICKI index. Serum lipids, postprandial Glu and Ins were measured only in obese children. Results: BMI, WC and % TBF had an inverse and significant correlation with basal IS (p <0.001). Obese children had higher BP, basal Ins, and HOMA and a lower QUICKI index, compared to normal weight children. A low basal IS was present in 58% of obese children. Obese children with low IS had higher WC, % TBF, triglycerides, total/HDL-cholesterol ratio, basal and 2-h post glucose Gli and Ins and lower HDL-cholesterol than obese children with normal IS. In prepubescent children, the risk of a low IS was 2.43 times higher with a TBF over 33%. In pubescent children, it was 2.92 times higher with a TBF over 37%. Conclusions: Low IS in prepubescent and pubescent obese children is associated with central obesity and a higher cardiovascular risk. ER  - 
Insulin sensitivity, insulin secretion and β-cell function during puberty in overweight Hispanic children with a family history of type 2 diabetes; OBJECTIVE: To examine cross-sectional differences in insulin sensitivity, insulin secretion and β-cell function during puberty in overweight Hispanic boys and girls with a family history of type 2 diabetes. STUDY DESIGN AND PARTICIPANTS: This cross-sectional, observational study included 214 8-13-y-old Hispanic children with a BMI percentile ≥85th percentile and family history of type 2 diabetes. METHODS AND ANALYSES: Participants underwent a physical examination, body composition measures, oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), and frequently-sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test. Unadjusted and adjusted general linear models (GLM) tested whether insulin/glucose dynamics differed by Tanner stage and gender. RESULTS: Unadjusted group comparisons showed that fasting insulin increased whereas insulin sensitivity (SI) and the disposition index (DI) (a measure of pancreatic β-cell function) decreased across Tanner stage groups (all P<0.05). No differences in the acute insulin response to glucose (AIRg), fasting glucose or 2-h glucose were found. After adjusting for covariates, there was no independent effect of Tanner stage on SI (P=0.9) or AIRg (P=0.2), but DI was slightly lower in later Tanner stages suggesting decreased β-cell function in the more mature groups (P=0.10). CONCLUSIONS: Overweight Hispanic children with a family history of type 2 diabetes may represent a unique population given that pubertal insulin resistance was not evident once analyses controlled for body composition. Longitudinal analyses are required to determine whether the slightly diminished β-cell function in later Tanner stages plays a role in the development of type 2 diabetes. © 2005 Nature Publishing Group All rights reserved. ER  - 
Peptide YY is a regulator of energy homeostasis in obese children before and after weight loss; Context: The gut hormone peptide YY3-36 (PYY) reduces food intake via hypothalamic Y2 receptors in the brain. There is not much known about PYY in obese children. Objective: The objective of this study was to investigate the role of PYY in the metabolic changes in obese children and its change during weight loss. Setting: The study was performed at a university medical center. Participants: We studied 73 obese children and 45 age-matched normal-weight children. Interventions: We determined fasting serum total PYY and leptin by RIA in obese and normal-weight children. Fasting PYY was also measured in 28 obese children before and after completion of a 1-yr outpatient weight reduction program. Main Outcome Measures: PYY, insulin, and body mass index were the main outcome measures. Results: Obese children demonstrated significantly lower PYY levels than lean children (median, 67 vs. 124 pg/ml; P<0.001). Fasting PYY correlated negatively to the degree of overweight. PYY levels did not differ significantly between boys and girls, nor between prepubertal and pubertal children. The group of patients participating in the outpatient weight reduction program was divided into four quartiles according to their changes in body mass index SD score over a 1-yr period. PYY increased significantly in patients with the most effective weight loss, but decreased in the subgroup of children with weight gain. Conclusions: PYY is negatively correlated to the degree of overweight, with reduced values in obese compared with normal-weight children. Decreased PYY levels could predispose subjects to develop obesity. Our results indicate that low pretreatment PYY levels that increase during weight loss may be a predictor of maintained weight loss. Copyright © 2005 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
The association of increased total glycosylated hemoglobin levels with delayed age at menarche in young women with type 1 diabetes; Context: Delayed menarche is associated with subsequent reproductive and skeletal complications. Previous research has found delayed growth and pubertal maturation with type 1 diabetes and poor glycemic control. The effect of diabetes management on menarche is important to clarify, because tighter control might prevent these complications. Objective: The objective of this study was to investigate age at menarche in young women with type 1 diabetes and examine the effect of diabetes management [e.g. total glycosylated hemoglobin (GHb) level, number of blood glucose checks, insulin therapy intensity, and insulin dose] on age at menarche in those diagnosed before menarche. Design: The Wisconsin Diabetes Registry Project is a follow-up study of a type 1 diabetes population-based incident cohort initially enrolled between 1987 and 1992. Setting: This study was performed in 28 counties in south-central Wisconsin. Patients or Other Participants: The study participants were recruited through referrals, self-report, and hospital/clinic ascertainment. Individuals with newly diagnosed type 1 diabetes, less than 30 yr old, were invited to participate. Of 288 young women enrolled, 188 reported menarche by 2002; 105 were diagnosed before menarche. Interventions: There were no interventions. Main Outcome Measure: The main outcome measure was age at menarche. Results: Mean age at menarche was 12.78 yr, compared with 12.54 yr in the United States (P = 0.01). Ages at menarche and diagnosis were not associated. For those diagnosed before menarche, age at menarche was delayed 1.3 months with each 1% increase in mean total GHb level in the 3 yr before menarche. Conclusions: Age at menarche was moderately delayed in young women with type 1 diabetes. Delayed menarche could potentially be minimized with improved GHb levels. Copyright © 2005 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Weight of obesity in (pre)type 2 diabetes in children and adolescents: How and when to screen for?; There has been wide recognition in the past decade of the increasing frequency of type 2 diabetes in youth, largely but not exclusively in North America. In some American locations and populations, incidence and prevalence of type 2 diabetes are much higher than those of type 1 diabetes, because of increased calorie and fat intake, and decreased exercise. The increasing prevalence of type 2 diabetes in the United States has closely paralleled the increase in childhood obesity noted there, but now across the Western world. Besides obesity, the other youth risk factors for type 2 diabetes are: ethnicity, puberty, family history, metabolic syndrome, polycystic ovary syndrome, acanthosis nigricans. Any feature or condition associated with insulin resistance/hyperinsulinemia should alert to screen youth at increased risk for (pre)type 2 diabetes. Treatment goals are to decrease weight and increase exercise, to normalize insulinemia, glycemia and HbA1c, to control hypertension and hyperlipidemia. The aim of the pharmacological therapy is to decrease insulin resistance, namely by metformin. Sometimes, insulin therapy is necessary. © 2005 Elsevier SAS. Tous droits réservés. ER  - 
Reliability of bioimpedance analysis compared with other adiposity measurements in children: The FLVS II Study; Objective: To evaluate the reproducibility of the measurement of % body fat by bipedal biometrical impedance analysis (BIA) compared with anthropometric measurements of adiposity in children and the correlations between these methods in children and adults. Methods: A cross-sectional study in a total of 1080 adults and children enrolled in 1999 in the Fleurbaix-Laventie Ville Santé II (FLVS II) population-based study in northern France. The reproducibility of anthropometrical and BIA methods was determined by a nested analysis of variance of repeated measurements by 2 investigators and a bipedal BIA device (Tanita® TBF 310) in 64 pupils of two 5th grade classes. The correlation of BIA and anthropometric adiposity measurements with the unknown relative fat mass or volume of the body estimated by a latent adiposity variable (LAV) was established by the triads' method in 1080 subjects of the FLVS II cohort. Results: The reproducibility was similar for the sum of skinfolds, waist circumference and BIA % fat measurements (intraclass correlation coefficients: 0.979-0.992). Correlation coefficient between BIA body fat % and the LAV was higher than 0.86 in all sex and Tanner stage related groups, and similar in children and adults, except in pubertal boys (0.76). Conclusion: With a high level of reproducibility, foot-to-foot BIA analysis provides a valuable measurement of total % fat for epidemiologic studies in children. However further studies are needed before extrapolating these results to overweight children. © 2005 Masson, all rights reserved. ER  - 
Genetic interaction among three genomic regions creates distinct contributions to early-and late-onset type 1 diabetes mellitus; There are two peaks in the distribution of the age of onset of type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) - the first in early childhood and the second at the time of puberty. Although T1DM results from the interaction of genetic and non-genetic factors, it has not been established which factors contribute to the bimodal distribution. The genetic component of T1DM is in large part related to genes from the human leukocyte antigen (HLA) complex (IDDM1); however, loci from the variable nucleotide tandem repeat (VNTR) region of the insulin (INS) gene (IDDM2) and more recently, the cytotoxic T-lymphocyte-associated protein-4 region (CTLA4, IDDM12) have also been implicated Therefore, we examined the potential interaction between these loci through the influence of the age of onset of T1DM in diabetic and control Caucasian individuals. We discovered that younger individuals with HLA-DRB1*0301/DRB1*04 and INS I/I genotypes exhibited increased susceptibility to T1DM, whereas the interaction of INS I/I and CTLA4 G/G genotypes was more common in older children with T1DM. Combining the age of onset of T1DM with specific genotypes may operate to produce a single disease through different underlying causes. © Blackwell Munksgaard, 2005. ER  - 
The role of diabetes duration, pubertal development and metabolic control in growth in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus; Objective: To investigate whether pubertal development, duration of type 1 diabetes mellitus (DM1), or metabolic control play some role in the anomalies in growth observed in diabetic children. Patients: We conducted a prospective evaluation of 83 patients (37 female, 46 male) who were followed from the onset of DM1 at the prepubertal stage until they reached final height. All patients were treated with a conventional regimen of insulin. Methods: Height SDS, weight SDS, BMI SDS, duration of DM1 in years, and values of HbA1c, were the study variables. Results: In prepubertal (P1) girls (data for the initial vs the intermediate evaluations): weight SDS was -0.14 ± 0.19 vs 0.11 ± 0.20, p = ns; BMI SDS -0.25 ± 0.15 vs 0.01 ± 0.13, p = ns. In postpubertal (P3) girls, weight SDS was 0.49 ± 0.2 vs 1.2 ± 0.32, p <0.01; BMI SDS 0.09 ± 0.16 vs 1.03 ± 0.24, p <0.01, whereas in P1 boys, height SDS was 0.16 ± 0.30 vs -0.20 ± 0.27, p <0.05; and in P3 boys: 0.09 ± 0.21 vs -0.28 ± 0.26, p <0.05. Thus pubertal development influenced changes observed in girls with DM1, but did not do so in boys. The anomalies described in children with DM1 were observed from the third year of DM1 duration in both girls and boys. We did not observe any correlation between HbA1c values with height SDS, weight SDS or BMI SDS. Conclusions: The anomalies in growth observed in girls with DM1 are related to pubertal development, but this is not the case in boys. Alterations in children with DM1 were found from the third year of DM1 duration. Furthermore, the present data also indicate that the degree of metabolic control observed in our patients treated with modern but conventional regimen did not play a major role in the anomalies observed. © Freund Publishing House Ltd., London. ER  - 
Ghrelin, IGF-I and IGFBP-3 levels in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus; There is a strong relationship between ghrelin, insulin, glucose and IGF-I/IGFBP-3 metabolism. This aim of this study was to investigate ghrelin level, and its relationship with IGF-I and IGFBP-3 levels in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus (DM1). Twenty-seven children with DM1 and 25 healthy controls were investigated. Ghrelin levels were similar, and IGF-I and IGFBP-3 levels were lower, in prepubertal and pubertal patients compared to controls. In the patient group, ghrelin levels were negatively correlated with chronological age, height, weight, pubertal status and IGF-I, but had no correlation with fasting glucose, HbA1c, insulin dose, duration of insulin therapy, and IGFBP-3 levels. Similar ghrelin levels in patients compared to controls may suggest that ghrelin levels remain unchanged in children with DM1, or that altered ghrelin levels at diagnosis recover as a consequence of insulin therapy. The lack of correlation of serum ghrelin levels with fasting plasma glucose, HbA1c and insulin dose suggests that ghrelin level is not affected by these parameters. Decreased IGF-I level and its negative correlation with ghrelin are compatible with previous findings. © Freund Publishing House Ltd., London. ER  - 
Insulin resistance syndrome in subjects with mutated RING finger protein TRIM37; We evaluated the glucose and lipid metabolism in 65 patients (aged 1.1-55 years) with mulibrey (muscle-liverbrain-eye) nanism (MUL), which is a monogenic disorder with prenatal-onset growth failure and typical clinical characteristics. MUL is caused by mutations in the TRIM37 gene, encoding a peroxisomal protein (TRIM37) with E3 ubiquitin-ligase activity. The subjects underwent clinical evaluation, abdominal ultrasonography, and laboratory measurements, including a 3-h oral glucose tolerance test. The results showed a dramatic change in glucose and lipid metabolism with age in MUL subjects. While the children had low fasting glucose and insulin levels, 90% of the adults had high fasting and postload insulin values (up to 1,450 mU/l). A 10-fold decrease in the fasting glucose-to-insulin ratio and a 4-fold decrease in whole-body insulin sensitivity index were observed. Insulin resistance, fatty liver, high serum leptin, hypertension, and acantosis nigricans were already evident in many slim prepubertal children. Half of the adults had type 2 diabetes, and an additional 42% showed impaired glucose tolerance. Seventy percent fulfilled the National Cholesterol Education Program criteria for metabolic syndrome. The peroxisomal targeting and the functional link of TRIM37 to the ubiquitin-proteosome pathway may provide novel clues to the development of metabolic syndrome. © 2005 by the American Diabetes Association. ER  - 
Quantitative genetic analysis of the metabolic syndrome in hispanic children; Childhood obesity is associated with a constellation of metabolic derangements including glucose intolerance, hypertension, and dyslipidemia, referred to as metabolic syndrome. The purpose of this study was to investigate genetic and environmental factors contributing to the metabolic syndrome in Hispanic children. Metabolic syndrome, defined as having three or more metabolic risk components, was determined in 1030 Hispanic children, ages 4-19 y, from 319 families enrolled in the VIVA LA FAMILIA study. Anthropometry, body composition by dual energy x-ray absorptiometry, clinical signs, and serum biochemistries were measured using standard techniques. Risk factor analysis and quantitative genetic analysis were performed. Of the overweight children, 20%, or 28% if abnormal liver function is included in the definition, presented with the metabolic syndrome. Odds ratios for the metabolic syndrome were significantly increased by body mass index z-score and fasting serum insulin; independent effects of sex, age, puberty, and body composition were not seen. Heritabilities ± SE for waist circumference, triglycerides (TG), HDL, systolic blood pressure (SBP), glucose, and alanine aminotransferase (ALT) were highly significant. Pleiotropy (a common set of genes affecting two traits) detected between SBP and waist circumference, SBP and glucose, HDL and waist circumference, ALT and waist circumference, and TG and ALT may underlie the clustering of the components of the metabolic syndrome. Significant heritabilities and pleiotropy seen for the components of the metabolic syndrome indicate a strong genetic contribution to the metabolic syndrome in overweight Hispanic children. Copyright © 2005 International Pediatric Research Foundation, Inc. ER  - 
Effect of nutrition on growth in short stature before and during growth-hormone therapy; Objective. Although nutritional counseling is an integral part of the management of rapidly growing children, few studies have focused on the importance of nutritional supervision during growth-hormone (GH) therapy. The objective of this study was to study the effect of caloric intake on growth before and during GH therapy. Methods. A total of 115 short normal prepubertal children who were 7.4 ± 1.2 years of age (mean ± SD) and had height SD score (SDS) of -2.5 ± 0.6 were treated with a GH dose range of 0.13 to 0.52 mg/kg per week for 1 year. A 3-day nutritional recall and blood chemistry analysis were repeated every 3 months. Results. Caloric intake (expressed as % recommended dietary allowance) was positively correlated with the pretreatment growth velocity (SDS) and the increment in growth velocity SDS during the first year of GH therapy (r = 0.363 and 0.493). By stepwise regression analysis, we identified 4 parameters that could predict the 1-year increment in growth velocity SDS: the contribution of each factor (% variability) was pretreatment growth velocity SDS 36%, GH dose (27%), caloric intake 4%, and the integrated concentration of GH 2% (r2 = 0.689). GH therapy induced an alkaline phosphatase increment of 59 ± 49 IU/mL, an insulin-like growth factor-I increment of 32.6 ± 11.9 nmol/L, and a GH binding protein increment of 10.2 ± 2.7%. During GH therapy, an increase in serum transferrin (56.5 ± 35.2 mg/dL) and a decrease in serum iron (20.5.5 ± 20.2 μg/dL) were noted. These changes could not be detected through hemoglobin levels or hematopoietic indexes. Dietary iron supplementation reversed this phenomenon. Conclusions. The nutritional status of GH-treated patients before and throughout the course of GH treatment should be monitored closely to improve the growth response and prevent nutritional deficiencies. Special emphasis should be placed on iron nurture. Copyright © 2005 by the American Academy of Pediatrics. ER  - 
Insulin resistance in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus during puberty; Aim of this study was to estimate insulin resistance in type 1 diabetic children and adolescents during puberty and analysis of dependency between insulin resistance and metabolic control and daily dose of insulin. Materials and methods. 233 patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus (135 male, 98 female) at the age 14.0±3.2 years were included into study. Duration of diabetes was 3.0±3.1. Puberty was estimated according to Tanner stages. Euglycemic-hyperinsulinemic clamp was performed to establish insulin resistance. Glucose disposal rate was calculated as M-index - mg/kg/min. The height, weight and waist circumference were measured. HbA1c was examined by HPLC. Daily dose of insulin was calculated. Results. In children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus (DM1) insulin glucose disposal rate (M-index) ranged from 2.5 to 17.4 mg/kg/min, mean 7.23±2.64 mg/kg/min. The relationship between insulin resistance and the stage of puberty was found. The best insulin sensitivity was observed before puberty (M-index - 10.09 mg/kg/min). At the stage T2 and T3 M-index decreased significantly (respectively: 8.65 and 6.94; p<0.0001). At the stage T4 and T5 the insulin sensitivity was like at stage T3 (respectively: 6.89 and 6.07). In patients with duration of DM1 above 6 months the dependency between M-index and HbA1c was found (r=-0.27, p<0.00l). The relationship between the insulin resistance and daily dose of insulin was observed in the whole study group (r=-0.28, p<0.001), but more significant in patients with duration of DM1 above 6 months (r=-0.34, p<0.00l). ER  - 
Assessment of metabolic control and safety of continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion in prepubertal children with type 1 diabetes mellitus; Background: Currently continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion (CSII) as a method of functional intensive insulin therapy is the most physiological way to administer insulin. In recent years treatment with insulin pumps has been used more frequently in the paediatric diabetes whereas application of this kind of therapy is relatively new in the youngest group of children below the age of 10 years. The aim of the study was to assess the efficiency of CSII by means of insulin pumps in prepubertal children with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM). Materials and methods: Three groups of T1DM children on intensive insulin therapy were compared. Group 1 comprised 30 children with CSII in the mean age 6.7±2.2 SD years (CSII-1). In group 2 were 25 children treated with multiple injections (MI-1) in the mean age 7.0±1.5 SD years and in group 3-35 children in the mean age 13.9±2.1 SD years treated with CSII (group CSII-2). The age of children was comparable in group CSII-1 and MI-1. T1DM duration was the same for all groups. After 6,12,18 months the following parameters were analyzed,: HbA1c, daily insulin requirement (DIR) U/kg, number of severe hypoglycemic episodes and diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA). Results: After 18 months in CSII-1 HbA1C decreased insignificantly from 7.1% to 6.9% and DIR was significantly reduced from 0.86 U/kg/24 h to 0.7 U/kg/24 h (after 6 months) and to 0,75 U/kg/24 h (after 12 months) and 0.77 U/kg/24 h after 18 months. In the MI-1 group HbA1C increased significantly from 7.0% to 7.4% in the 6th month and to 7.3% in the 18th month. DIR increased significantly from 0.68 U/kg/24 h to 0.76 U/kg/24 h; 0,8 U/kg/24 h and 0.84 U/kg/24 h after 6,12, and 18 months respectively. There were no significant differences in HbA1C and DIR values in CSII-2 group after 18 months of observation. Significant difference of DIR was found in: CSII-1 vs. MI-1 and CSII-2 (p<0.05) in all study points. The highest number of severe hypoglycemic episodes and DKA was found in the MI-1 group. Conclusion: CSII in T1DM children under 10 yrs of age provides good metabolic control, is associated with reduced insulin requirement and its safety is comparable to the older children treated with the same modality. ER  - 
Parity, other reproductive factors, and risk of pancreatic cancer mortality in a large cohort of U.S. Women (United States); Several studies have found an inverse relationship between parity and risk of pancreatic cancer. However, most of the studies of pancreatic cancer in relation to parity and other reproductive factors have been small and the results inconsistent. Most recently, a well-conducted, prospective cohort study found a linear inverse association between parity and pancreatic cancer. To clarify the relationship between parity and other reproductive factors and risk of pancreatic mortality, we examined these associations among 387,981 postmenopausal U.S. women in the Cancer Prevention Study (CPS)-II cohort. CPS-II participants completed a self-administered questionnaire in 1982 and were followed for mortality through 2000. During follow-up, 1959 pancreatic cancer deaths occurred. Using Cox proportional hazards modeling, we calculated rate ratios (RR) adjusted for age, race, education, personal history of diabetes, body mass index, height, exercise, family history of pancreatic cancer, and cigarette smoking status, frequency, and duration. Overall, we did not observe a significant association between parity and pancreatic cancer mortality (trend p = 0.07). However, women who had five or more births had lower death rates from pancreatic cancer than nulliparous women (RR = 0.80, 95% CI = 0.66-0.96). We observed no association between any other reproductive factors examined (age at first birth, menarche, or menopause; type of menopause; diethylstilbestrol (DES) use; or duration of oral contraceptive or estrogen replacement therapy use) and pancreatic cancer mortality. In summary, our results support the observation that high parity is associated with lower risk of pancreatic cancer but do not show a linear trend with increasing parity. Furthermore, we find no evidence that other reproductive factors are associated with pancreatic cancer mortality. © Springer 2005. ER  - 
Effect of growth hormone therapy and puberty on bone and body composition in children with idiopathic short stature and growth hormone deficiency; The state of bone health and the effect of growth hormone (GH) therapy on bone and body composition in children with idiopathic short stature (ISS) are largely unknown. A direct role of GH deficiency (GHD) on bone density is controversial. Using dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry, this study measured total body bone mineral content (TB BMC), body composition, and volumetric bone mineral density (vBMD) at the lumbar spine (LS) and femoral neck (FN) in 77 children (aged 3-17 years) with ISS (n = 57) and GHD (n = 20). Fifty-five children (GHD = 13) receiving GH were followed over 24 months including measurement of bone turnover. At diagnosis, size-corrected TB BMC SDS was greater (P ≤ 0.002) and LSvBMD SDS lower (P < 0.03) than zero in both prepubertal ISS and GHD subjects, but FNvBMD SDS was reduced only in the GHD group (P < 0.05). The muscle-bone relation, as assessed by the BMC/lean mass (LTM) ratio SDS was not different between groups. During GH therapy, prepubertal GHD children gained more height (1.58 [0.9] SDS) and LTM (0.87 [0.63] SDS) compared to prepubertal ISS children (0.75 [0.27] and 0.17 [0.25] SDS, respectively). Percent body fat decreased in GHD (-5.94% [4.29]) but not in ISS children. Total body BMC accrual was less than predicted in all groups accompanied by an increase in bone turnover. Puberty led to the greatest absolute, but not relative, increments in weight, LTM, BMI, bone mass, and LSvBMD. Our results show that children with ISS and GHD differ in their response to GH therapy in anthropometry, body composition, and bone measures. Despite low vBMD values at diagnosis in both prepubertal groups, size-corrected regional or TB bone data were generally within the normal range and did not increase during GH therapy in GHD or ISS children. Growth hormone had great effects on the growth plate and body composition with subsequent gains in height, LTM, bone turnover, and bone mass accrual, but no benefit for volumetric bone density over 2 years. ER  - 
Early ethnic difference in insulin-like growth factor-1 is associated with African genetic admixture; IGF-1 is a growth-promoting hormone. Numerous studies have reported higher systemic concentrations of IGF-1 among African Americans (AA) compared with European Americans (EA) before puberty. We conducted this cross-sectional analysis to determine whether African ancestral genetic background, dietary factors, energy expenditure, adiposity, and socioeconomic status contribute to this difference. Children were prepubertal, AA and EA males and females. Genetic admixture was assessed from ∼20 ancestry informative genetic markers. Body composition was determined by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry; intake of energy, carbohydrate, protein, and fat by 24-h dietary recall; activity-related energy expenditure by doubly labeled water and indirect calorimetry; and socioeconomic status (SES) according to the Hollingshead scale. IGF-1 and IGF binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) were measured using immunoradiometric assays. AA children had significantly greater IGF-1 compared with EA children (p < 0.01). In addition, AA children had lower SES and greater protein intake relative to EAs (p < 0.05 for both). Multiple linear regression analysis revealed that the only significant independent predictors of IGF-1 were IGFBP-3 and African admixture (p < 0.01 for both). Thus, our data suggest that the greater IGF-1 of AA relative to EA children could have a genetic basis. Copyright © 2005 International Pediatric Research Foundation, Inc. ER  - 
Precocious puberty: Growth and genetics; The precise neuroendocrine mechanisms underlying activation of hypothalamic-pituitary-gonadal (HPG) axis maturation are elusive. The wide age range of pubertal onset among normal individuals throughout the world may suggest that both genetic and environmental factors modulate the timing of puberty. Early activation of the HPG axis, termed central precocious puberty (CPP), causes psychosocial difficulties and may lead to compromised final height, especially if medical intervention is delayed. Although CPP is considered to be idiopathic in the majority of patients, we have recently reported a 27.5% prevalence of familial cases among 147 patients with idiopathic CPP. Segregation analysis of this cohort suggested an autosomal dominant transmission with incomplete sex-dependent penetrance. Allelic variants of candidate genes that regulate the timing of puberty may cause familial CPP. Detection of these genes will provide a tool for identification of children at risk of developing CPP, enabling early intervention with the aim of preventing its distressing outcomes. Copyright © 2005 S. Karger AG. ER  - 
Increasing central adiposity: The Nepean longitudinal study of young people aged 7-8 to 12-13 y; BACKGROUND: Estimates of the prevalence of overweight and obesity in young people are typically based on body mass index (BMI). However, BMI may not indicate the level of central adiposity. Waist circumference has therefore been recommended to identify young people at risk of morbidity associated with central adiposity. OBJECTIVE: To investigate (a) change in total and central adiposity between 7-8 and 12-13 y (b) agreement between classifying young people as overweight or obese based on total adiposity and central adiposity, and (c) risk factors associated with the development of total and central adiposity. DESIGN: Anthropometric measurements were taken on 342 children in 1996/97 and 5 y later. Risk factors examined included birth weight, physical activity, TV viewing, pubertal status, parental adiposity, diet and socio-economic status. RESULTS: Between 7-8 and 12-13 y indices of central adiposity increased more than total adiposity; waist circumference z-score increased by (mean±s.d.) 0.74±0.92 and BMI z-score increased by 0.18±0.67. At 12-13 y there was moderate agreement between the two measures of adiposity (weighted kappa=0.64). However, waist circumference identified a greater number of young people as overweight or obese compared to BMI (41.2 vs 29.3%, P<0.001). Adiposity status at 7-8 y, maternal obesity, and pubertal stage were the strongest predictors of BMI status at 12-13 y. Risk factors associated with increased central adiposity were similar. CONCLUSIONS: Overweight and obesity, as measured by waist circumference, is a bigger problem than is currently assessed by BMI. Targeting known risk factors for total adiposity may be an appropriate strategy for preventing increased central adiposity. © 2005 Nature Publishing Group All rights reserved. ER  - 
Longitudinal evaluation and risk factors of lipodystrophy and associated metabolic changes in HIV-infected children; Objective: To assess the rate of progression of lipodystrophy and the associated metabolic disturbances over a 2-year period in children and to assess risk factors associated with lipodystrophy and metabolic disturbances. Design: Multicenter 2-year prospective study with a standardized evaluation. Methods: One hundred thirty children (median age = 10 years, 64 boys and 66 girls) receiving antiretroviral therapy were recruited in 3 pediatric clinics. Lipodystrophy was defined based on 4 skinfold thickness measurements. Fasting lipids and glucose profile were measured in all children. Results: The proportion of children presenting with lipodystrophy was 24.6%. Nineteen percent of children had high-density lipoprotein values less than 1 mmol/L. Twenty-two percent and 15% of children had values greater than 2 standard deviations for age and gender for cholesterol and triglycerides, respectively. A total of 13.2% showed insulin resistance. A total of 42.7% showed at least 1 of these biologic disturbances. Prospective follow-up showed no progression at all over 2 years, except for a doubling of the number of children with insulin resistance. In multivariate analyses, ethnicity, previous severe clinical condition, duration of HIV infection, and nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor treatment were significantly associated with lipodystrophy. Tanner stage V of puberty, severe clinical symptoms and protease inhibitor treatment were independently associated with the risk of metabolic disturbances. Conclusions: Puberty seems to be the time when HIV-infected children taking potent antiretroviral therapy are more likely to develop lipodystrophy and metabolic complications, especially in children with a severe underlying HIV infection. Once developed, lipodystrophy and metabolic changes seem to be extremely stable with time. Copyright © 2005 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Longitudinal relation between limited joint mobility, height, insulin-like growth factor 1 levels, and risk of developing microalbuminuria: The Oxford Regional Prospective Study; Aims: To determine risk factors for development of microalbuminuria (MA) in relation to detection of limited joint mobility (LJM+) of the interphalangeal joints in a longitudinal cohort of type 1 diabetic (T1DM) subjects. Methods: A total of 479 T1DM subjects diagnosed <16 years were followed from diagnosis of diabetes with annual assessments consisting of assessment of LJM, measurement of HbA1c and insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1), and three urine samples for albumin:creatinine ratio (ACR). Results: After a median follow up of 10.9 years, 162 subjects (35.1%) developed LJM at median age 13.0 years and duration 5.2 years. More subjects developed LJM after compared to before puberty (67.6 v 32.4%). In LJM+ compared to LJM- subjects, HbA1c (mean 10.1 (SD 1.6) v 9.6 (1.4) %)) and ACR levels (median 1.1 (range 0.2-242.9) v 0.9 (0.4-70.7) mg/mmol) were higher, and in a Cox model probability of developing LJM was related to puberty and higher HbA1c levels. ACR levels were higher after detection of LJM compared to before (median 1.2 (range 0.4-102.6) v 0.8 (0.2-181.9) mg/mmol). Probability of developing MA was related to puberty, HbA1c, female sex, and presence of LJM (a 1.9-fold increased risk). Both LJM and MA were associated with lower height SDS (LJM: mean 0.0 (SD 1.0) v 0.2 (1.1); MA: 0.0 (1.0) v 0.2 (SD 1.0)) and lower IGF-1 levels. Conclusion: The development of LJM was associated with an increased risk of microalbuminuria, independent of glycaemic control. Risk for both microalbuminuria and LJM was associated with puberty, reduced growth, and reduced IGF-1 levels, and may indicate underlying shared pathogenic mechanisms. ER  - 
Glucose intolerance in obese children and adolescents; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: The rise in the prevalence of glucose intolerance and type 2 diabetes mellitus in childhood and adolescence in recent decades appears to be closely related to the increase in the incidence of obesity in developed countries. We decided to establish the frequency of glucose intolerance and type 2 diabetes mellitus in a population of obese children and adolescents evaluated at our hospital. PATIENTS AND METHOD: Prospective study of 145 obese patients (60 boys: BMI 29.5 (4.9), BMI z score 4.4 (1.7); and 85 girls: BMI 28.8 (4.6), BMI z score 3.8 (1.4); age range: (4-18 years) who underwent an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) between 1998 and 2003. OGTT results were evaluated according to WHO criteria. Insulin secretion and sensitivity parameters (HOMA, QUICK), area under the curve for glycemia, area under the curve for insulin and insulinogenic index) were also calculated. RESULTS: The frequency of glucose intolerance in the whole population was 19.2%. However, this prevalence varied with age and maturation stage (prepuberty 7.0%, puberty 28.2% and postpuberty 26.5%), and with the obesity degree (BMI z-score between +2 and +3: 8.9%; between +3 and +4: 21.9% and higher than +4: 25%). No type 2 diabetes mellitus cases were observed. CONCLUSIONS: Obese children and adolescents display an elevated incidence of glucose intolerance which seems to be related to the degree of adiposity. ER  - 
Longitudinal analyses among overweight, insulin resistance, and cardiovascular risk factors in children.; OBJECTIVE: It has been questioned whether insulin resistance or obesity is the central abnormality contributing to the cardiovascular risk factors dyslipidemia and hypertension in obesity. RESEARCH METHODS AND PROCEDURES: We studied weight status [SD score (SDS)-BMI], lipids (triglycerides, low-density lipoprotein- and high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol), blood pressure, and insulin resistance index [as homeostasis model assessment (HOMA) model] over a 1-year period in 229 obese white children (median age 12 years). RESULTS: Any degree of decrease in HOMA was associated with significant decreases in triglycerides (p < 0.001), systolic blood pressure (p < 0.001), and diastolic blood pressure (p < 0.001), whereas the children with different changes in HOMA did not differ significantly in their weight changes. Only the children in the highest quartile of weight reduction (decrease in SDS-BMI > 0.5) demonstrated a significant decrease in systolic blood pressure (p < 0.001), diastolic blood pressure (p < 0.001), and triglycerides (p = 0.012), and an increase in high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (p = 0.023), whereas with a lower degree of weight loss, there were no significant changes in cardiovascular risk factors. In contrast with a lower degree of weight loss, a reduction of >0.5 SDS-BMI was associated with a significant decrease in HOMA (p < 0.001). DISCUSSION: Because blood pressure and triglycerides decreased with any degree of decrease in HOMA, independently of changes in weight status, these findings support the hypothesis that insulin resistance is the central abnormality contributing to these cardiovascular risk factors. Therefore, improving insulin resistance seems more important than reducing overweight to prevent or treat hypertension and dyslipidemia in obese children. ER  - 
The relationship between microalbuminuria and glomerular filtration rate in young type 1 diabetic subjects: The Oxford regional prospective study; Background. The purpose of this study was to examine the relationship between glomerular filtration rate (GFR) measured at 5 years' diabetes duration and annual urine albumin excretion in a prospective cohort of children with type 1 diabetes (T1DM). Methods. Three hundred and eight children were followed from diagnosis of T1DM [aged 9.8 years (range 0.4-15.9) for a median duration of 10.9 years (6.0-17.8) with annual assessments comprising measurement of HbA1c and 3 urine samples for albumin:creatinine ratio (ACR). GFR was measured in all children at 5 years' diabetes duration. Results. Two hundred forty-three (78.8%) subjects were normoalbuminuric (MA-) for the duration of the study. At 5 years: 35 (11.4%) subjects had MA (MA+) and 30 (9.7%) subjects were normoalbuminuric but developed MA during subsequent follow-up annual assessments (future MA+). In the future MA+ group compared to the MA+ and MA- groups; GFR was higher (167 vs. 134 vs. 139 mL/min/1.73m2, P < 0.002); the prevalence of hyperfiltration (GFR >125 mL/min/1.73m2) was greater (97 vs. 57 vs. 64%, P = 0.006) and HbA1c levels were higher (11.4 vs. 10.8 vs. 9.7%, P < 0.001). The probability (Cox Model) of having hyperfiltration at 5 years' duration was related to puberty (a 1.7-fold increased risk with puberty onset) and poor glycemic control (a 10% increased risk for a 1% increase in HbA1c). Comparing subjects with and without hyperfiltration, prior to the first GFR measurement no difference in ACR levels existed; however, after this time median ACR levels were significantly greater [1.2 (0.1-86.4) vs. 0.9 (0.1-71.6) mg/mmol, P = 0.003], independent of age and HbA1c levels. The probability of developing MA between 5 and 10 years' duration was associated with poor glycemic control (a 30 % increased risk for a 1% increase in HbA1c) and higher GFR at 5 years (22% increased risk for a 10 mL/min/1.73m2 rise in GFR). Conclusion. Glomerular hyperfiltration is associated with puberty and increasing ACR levels and is predictive of MA independent of HbA1c. This suggests that factors other than poor glycemic control may be involved in the pathogenesis of early diabetic nephropathy and early intervention with medical therapy to reduce GFR may be beneficial even before onset of MA. © 2005 by the International Society of Nephrology. ER  - 
British South Asians aged 13-16 years have higher fasting glucose and insulin levels than Europeans; Aim: To examine whether plasma glucose, insulin resistance and markers of adiposity differed between British adolescents of South Asian and European origin. Methods: School-based cross-sectional study (1998-2000), in which detailed measurements of adiposity, fasting plasma glucose and serum insulin were made in 90 South Asian and 1248 European pupils (overall 69% response rate). Results: Compared with Europeans, South Asian subjects had higher mean fasting insulin levels (percentage mean difference 17.2%, 95% confidence interval 7.2-26.1%, P = 0.001), a higher mean fasting glucose (mean difference 0.19 mmol/l, 95% confidence interval 0.08-0.29 mmol/l, P = 0.0005) and a higher prevalence of impaired fasting glucose (≥ 6.1 mmol/l) (5.6% vs. 1.5%, odds ratio 3.9, 95% confidence interval 1.4-10.9, P = 0.004). Although South Asian children tended to have slightly higher indices of adiposity than Europeans (other than body mass index), the differences in glucose and insulin levels persisted after adjustment for adiposity and for pubertal status. Conclusions: The predisposition to Type 2 diabetes observed in South Asian adults is apparent before adult life. Establishing the contributions of the childhood and fetal environments and of genetic factors to the development of these ethnic differences is an important priority. Prevention of Type 2 diabetes in British South Asians needs to begin before adult life. © 2005 Diabetes UK. ER  - 
Association of serum lipid concentrations, insulin resistance index and catch-up growth with serum cortisol/cortisone ratio by liquid chromatography tandem mass spectrometry in children born small for gestational age; Intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) may influence adrenocortical function, lipid metabolism and glucose tolerance in later life. Both cortisol (F) synthesis and metabolism contribute to serum F concentrations, 11β-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 2 (11β-HSD2) enzyme converts F to biologically inactive cortisone (E). Decreased 11β-HSD2 activity has been suggested for a reason to IUGR and to its metabolic consequences. Our aim was to develop a specific liquid chromatography - tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) method for analysing serum F and E concentrations, to determine the F/E ratios, and to correlate them with serum lipid concentrations, insulin resistance index (HOMA-IR), and catch-up growth in children born small for gestational age (SGA). The mean serum F and E concentrations, and F/E ratios did not differ between the SGA and their control children at 12 y age. The SGA children in the highest F/E ratio quartile had poorer gain in height between 0-12 y, and higher serum total and LDL cholesterol levels than those with lower F/E ratios. In logistic regression analysis, high LDL cholesterol, high HOMA-IR, and early pubertal stage associated with high F/E ratio in the SGA children. In conclusion, our LC-MS/MS method enables a reliable measurement of both F and E concentrations from a single serum sample. High serum F/E ratio may be associated with IUGR, its metabolic consequences, and poor catch-up growth in a subset of SGA children. Copyright © 2005 International Pediatric Research Foundation, Inc. ER  - 
Efficacy and safety results of long-term growth hormone treatment of idiopathic short stature; Context: Small clinical trials of GH treatment of idiopathic short stature (ISS) show variable efficacy. Objective: The study was an analysis of a large GH registry for efficacy and safety of GH treatment of ISS. There was also a comparison with a specific clinical trial. Design: Up to 7 yr of GH treatment of ISS was evaluated for efficacy and safety in the National Cooperative Growth Study (NCGS). Setting: The NCGS study was conducted at Genentech, Inc. and included 47,226 patients. Patients: The ISS group included maximum stimulated GH 10 ng/ml or more and/or a report of ISS by investigator (n = 8018; all included for safety). Cohort 1 (n = 2520) was similar to the clinical trial, cohort 2 (n = 283) included subjects younger than 5 yr of age, and cohort 3 (n = 940) was pubertal at GH start. Intervention: GH, approximately 0.30 mg/kg·wk, was given. Main Outcome Measures: These included growth velocities and height SD (HtSDS). Results: Mean first-year growth velocities in cohorts 1, 2, and 3 increased 4.6, 3.9, and 4.4 cm/yr over pretreatment, respectively. Measures included: baseline mean HtSDS, -2.9, -3.2, and -2.8; mean HtSDS at 1 yr, -2.4, -2.3, and -2.3, respectively. Mean HtSDS after 7 yr in cohorts 1 (n = 303) and 2 (n = 85) and 5 yr in cohort 3 (n = 58) were: -1.2, -1.0, and -1.5, respectively. Cohort 3 shorter treatment time was due to advanced baseline age (mean 13.8 yr) and puberty. Mean HtSDS gain in cohort 1 was comparable with the clinical trial. No new safety signals specific to the NCGS ISS population were observed. Conclusion: ISS patients in the GH registry demonstrate a significant increase in HtSDS with the safety profile similar to GH-deficient patients. Results were similar to the clinical trial. Copyright © 2005 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Effects of obesity on growth and puberty; Nutrition is an important regulator of the tempo of human growth. Infancy may represent a critical 'window' where variations in nutrition have longer-term consequences for growth and development. Rapid weight gain during infancy is associated with accelerated growth and early pubertal development. Rapid weight gain in infancy is also associated with the development of insulin resistance and an exaggerated adrenarche. Such circulating hormonal changes, together with elevated leptin levels and integral effects of fat cells on hormone action through local 11β-steroid dehydrogenase and aromatase activity could effect rate of progression of pubertal development in obese subjects. The secular trends in growth and maturation are partly attributed to changing nutrition. Recent data suggest that age at menarche may be static, but there is a debate as to whether the first signs of puberty are being seen much earlier in obese girls. Rapid early weight gain, obesity and early development may have implications for later health through the development of PCOS and overall association with cancer risk. © 2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
A test of the Bruhn and Parcel Model of Health Promotion.; The purposes of this study were to test the Bruhn and Parcel Model of Health Promotion (BPMHP) (1982), which explains how family influences and children's developmental characteristics interact to affect child health behaviors. The descriptive, correlational study was conducted using secondary data from the 117 adolescents included in Adolescents Benefit from Control of Diabetes Study. The results of structural equation modeling analysis indicated that greater parental modeling and positive parental interaction patterns were correlated with higher self-efficacy and lower levels of depressive symptoms among adolescents, which had a direct impact on better adherence. However, more parental modeling and interaction patterns did not have a separate direct effect on better adherence. Thus, the model generated by our data was significantly different from and so only partially supportive of the original BPMHP (1982). In addition, age and Tanner stages that can reflect changes in developmental characteristics were deleted from the concept called "developmental characteristics " in the BPMHP (1982), it may be that that concept should have been termed " psychosocial characteristics " rather than "developmental characteristics". In order to further explore the validity of the BPMHP (1982), future studies should be conducted to re-test this model. ER  - 
Plasma total homocysteine in Brazilian overweight and non-overweight adolescents: A case-control study; Objective: To test the hypothesis that overweight adolescents have higher plasma total homocysteine (tHcy) levels than non-overweight adolescents and to explore the association between plasma tHcy levels with folate, vitamin B 12 and some risk factors for CVD in both groups. Methods: A case-control study conductec with 239 adolescentes aged 15-19 years in the city of São Paulo, Brazil; 86 overweight and 153 non-overweight frequency matched by age, gender, pubertal and socioeconomic status. tHcy, folate, vitamin B12, lipid profile, glucose, insulin and insulin resistance were measured. Results: No significant differences were found in tHcy, folate and vitamin B12 levels between overweight and non-over weight groups. The geometric means of tHcy were elevated in both groups (overweight: 11.8 μmol/L; non-overweight: 11.6 μmol/L) higher for boys than for girls (P 0.001). Folate deficiency was identified in 68.6% of total studied population. Triacylglycerol, LDL cholesterol, insulin resistance were higher and HDL cholesterol was lower in overweight that non-overweight adolescents. In the multiple linear regression model, in overweight group, tHcy was independently associated with age (P = 0.041), sex (P = 0.004) and folate (P = 0.022) and in non-overweight group, with age (P = 0.049), sex (P < 0.001), folate (P = 0.018) and vitamin B12 (P = 0.030). Conclusions: Obesity was not a determinant factor of tHcy levels. Age, sex and folate were independent determinants of plasma tHcy levels. The high prevalence of folate deficiency may have been responsible for the elevated tHcy levels in these adolescents, increasing the risk for future development of CVD. ER  - 
Dietary fat intake and insulin resistance in black and white children.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to determine whether dietary fat intake above current Acceptable Macronutrient Distribution Range (AMDR) guidelines was associated with greater insulin resistance in black and white children. RESEARCH METHODS AND PROCEDURES: We studied 142 healthy children (n = 81 whites, n = 61 blacks), 6.5 to 14 years old. Dietary composition was determined by repeated 24-hour dietary recall, body composition by DXA, visceral fat by computed tomography, and insulin sensitivity (SI) and acute insulin response to glucose (AIRg) by frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test. Subjects were categorized by ethnicity (white/black) and dietary fat intake (above-AMDR/within-AMDR guidelines), and differences were analyzed by 2 x 2 analysis of covariance, adjusting for covariates. RESULTS: After adjusting for total body fat, gender, and Tanner stage, subjects consuming dietary fat above AMDR intake guidelines had lower SI and higher AIRg. This effect was specific to black children (32% lower SI and 62% higher AIRg in above-AMDR compared with within-AMDR blacks) and was not seen in whites. DISCUSSION: In black, but not white, children, those with dietary fat intake above current AMDR guidelines had lower SI and higher AIRg than those who met AMDR guidelines. These findings support current AMDR guidelines for dietary fat in black children and adolescents. The mechanism(s) underlying the ethnic differences in the relationship between dietary fat intake and SI in children require further investigation. ER  - 
Clinical presentation of type 2 diabetes mellitus in children and adolescents; OBJECTIVE: Recent reports indicate an increasing prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus (TD2M) in children and adolescents around the world in all ethnicities, possibly due to increasing prevalence of obesity. Therefore, it is essential that clinicians are aware of the clinical features of T2DM in these age groups. METHODS: All published cases of T2DM in children and adolescents were evaluated and the different clinical presentations of T2DM in minorities and Caucasian described. RESULTS: Manifestation of T2DM is usually at mid-to-late puberty with few symptoms such as mild-polyuria or polydipsia. Most of the children and adolescents are extremely obese. The great majority of children and adolescents with T2DM have relatives with T2DM, and show other clinical features of the insulin resistance syndrome such as hypertension, dyslipidemia, polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) or acanthosis nigricans. One-third of the minority children with T2DM and the majority of the Caucasian children with T2DM were detected by screening in the absence of symptoms. CONCLUSIONS: It is becoming increasingly clear that overweight children above the age of 10 y with (1) clinical signs of insulin resistance (acanthosis nigricans, dyslipidemia, hypertension, PCOS), or (2) relatives with T2DM, or (3) of particular ethnic populations (Asian, Indians, Africa-Americans, Hispanics), or (4) extremely obese children should be screened for T2DM. © 2005 Nature Publishing Group All rights reserved. ER  - 
Effect of low-dose insulin treatment on body weight and physical development in children and adolescents at risk for type 1 diabetes; OBJECTIVE - Insulin's role in body weight regulation is controversial. We evaluated the effect of parenteral insulin on body weight and physical development in children and adolescents at risk for type 1 diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - We performed a secondary analysis of the parenteral arm of the Diabetes Prevention Trial-Type 1 Diabetes (DPT-1), a randomized controlled trial of low-dose parenteral insulin (human ultralente insulin at 0.25 units · kg-1 · day-1) in subjects with a >50% 5-year risk of diabetes. Analysis was limited to 100 subjects (55 intervention, 45 closely monitored) aged <19 years at randomization whose weight was followed for at least 2 years by study end after excluding subjects who were noncompliant within 2 years or developed diabetes within 36 months of randomization. RESULTS - Subjects ranged in age from 4.07 to 18.98 years. There were no significant differences at randomization between subjects in each group with respect to sex, age, weight, height, BMI, Tanner stage, or glucose tolerance. We found no differences over 2 years between the intervention and closely monitored groups in the change in weight (median 6.8 vs. 6.0 kg, P = 0.65), height (median 10.7 vs. 10.1 cm, P = 0.66), BMI (median 0.9 vs. 1.0 kg/m2, P = 0.79), or Tanner stage (median 0 vs. 0, P = 0.35). Multiple regression showed no effect of insulin on change in weight (P = 0.53) or BMI (P = 0.95) over 2 years after adjustment for relevant covariates. CONCLUSIONS - Low-dose insulin treatment for 2 years did not affect the weight, BMI, or physical development of nondiabetic children and adolescents. © 2005 by the American Diabetes Association. ER  - 
Circulating acylated and total ghrelin and galanin in children with insulin-treated type 1 diabetes: Relationship to insulin therapy, metabolic control and pubertal development; Objective: To study the circulating levels of two gut-derived peptides in children with type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus (IDDM). Research Design and Methods: Plasma levels of ghrelin, both total ghrelin (TG) and the acylated form (AG), and galanin and their relationships with insulin dosage, metabolic control, IGFBP-1, body mass and pubertal development were evaluated in 91 children, aged 11.1±2.7 years, affected by IDDM and treated with insulin. Ninety-one healthy children were selected as controls. Results: Body mass index (BMI)-adjusted levels of both forms of ghrelin were reduced in IDDM compared with healthy subjects, with greater values in prepubertal than pubertal IDDM subjects. A negative association was found between AG and fasting insulin serum levels and insulin resistance [measured by using the homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA IR)] among the healthy children. IDDM children showed a negative association of their plasma ghrelin (both acylated and total) with daily insulin dosage, and the three adiposity indices (BMI, skinfold thickness and percentage fat mass). IGFBP-1 levels were higher among the IDDM children without any association with ghrelin serum values. BMI-adjusted plasma levels of galanin were higher among IDDM compared to healthy subjects, irrespective of sex or pubertal development. Greater values for galanin were found among pubertal than prepubertal subjects in both groups without any significant differences between the genders. A positive association was found between galanin and BMI in both groups and between galanin and haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) among the IDDM children. No relationship existed between either galanin and fasting serum insulin among the healthy subjects or galanin and both insulin dosage or duration of treatment among the IDDM subjects. Conclusions: The associations found between both ghrelin and galanin with adiposity indices could be considered as an indirect signal of involvement of the two peptides in the development of the nutritional status of the IDDM adolescents. The reduction in both forms of ghrelin could be involved in the development of the body mass increase of IDDM subjects with opposite effects, either influencing insulin sensitivity or exerting a compensatory restraint of feeding. © 2005 Blackwell Publishing Ltd. ER  - 
Serum resistin levels of obese and lean children and adolescents: Biochemical analysis and clinical relevance; Objective: It was hypothesized that resistin links obesity with diabetes, but this has not been studied in children and adolescents to date. Patients: We determined serum resistin levels of 135 obese (body mass index, 32.0 ± 6.2 kg/m2; age, 12.6 ± 3.4 yr) and 201 lean children (body mass index, 18.7 ± 2.4 kg/m2; age, 12.5 ± 2.5 yr) by a newly developed and extensively evaluated in-house immunoassay. These results were controlled for their association with markers of puberty, obesity, and insulin sensitivity. Results: The analytical evaluation of our assay revealed different resistin isoforms with major peaks of higher than 660 and 55 kDa in the size exclusion chromatography. Using this assay system we found no difference in the resistin levels of obese compared with lean subjects (P = 0.48). However, resistin was significantly higher in girls than in boys (6.74 ± 2.42 vs. 5.79 ± 2.45; P < 0.001). Interestingly, in both obese and lean children, resistin correlated with age (P < 0.01), Tanner stage, and testosterone and estradiol levels (P < 0.05). In contrast, no significant correlation was found with parameters of insulin resistance such as homeostasis model assessment, insulin sensitivity index, or insulin, proinsulin, and glucose concentrations in obese subjects. Conclusions: Resistin appears to be not the main link between obesity and insulin resistance in children and adolescents but because of its association with Tanner stage, it may be related to the maturation of children during pubertal development. Additionally, we have demonstrated the presence of different molecular isoforms of resistin in human blood, and this may raise problems in comparing data from diverse assay systems. Copyright © 2005 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Height, age at menarche, and risk of epithelial ovarian cancer; Objective: We hypothesized that the hormonal changes of adolescence influence ovarian cancer risk particularly in younger women. We investigated this possibility by examining the relationship between ovarian cancer and adult height and age at menarche as both factors reflect pubertal hormonal levels. Methods: Participants were a population-based sample of women with incident ovarian cancer (n = 794) and control women randomly selected from the Australian Electoral Roll (n = 855). The women provided comprehensive reproductive and lifestyle data during a standard interview. Results: Although neither height nor age at menarche was significantly related to the risk of ovarian cancer overall, increasing height was associated with increasing risk of the subgroup of mucinous borderline ovarian cancer (odds ratio, 5.3; 95% confidence interval, 1.5-19.1 for women ≥175 cm compared with women <160 cm, Ptrend = 0.02). Similarly, later age at menarche was associated with increasing risk of mucinous borderline cancers (odds ratio, 3.8; 95% confidence interval, 1.3-11.4 for those with age at menarche ≥14 years compared with those <12 years, Ptrend = 0.003). Women with mucinous borderline cancers were significantly younger than the women diagnosed with invasive cancers (mean 44 versus 57 years; P < 0.0001). Conclusions: Development of mucinous borderline ovarian cancers, predominantly diagnosed in women ages under 50 years, seems to be associated with age at menarche and attained adult height. These results are consistent with our original hypothesis that pubertal levels of reproductive hormones and insulin-like growth factor-I influence ovarian cancer risk in younger women. Copyright © 2005 American Association for Cancer Research. ER  - 
Management of boys with short stature and delayed puberty; Objective: To review the management of boys with short stature and delayed puberty and the testosterone priming protocol. Methods: In 148 boys aged >14 years seen for height < -2 SDS and constitutional delayed puberty we evaluated growth hormone (GH) secretion and final height (80 boys). Results: The GH peak was <10 μg/l after arginine-insulin tests performed with testosterone heptylate priming in 8/32 (25%) and without in 62/153 (41%), including first and second evaluations. It was low in 7/11 boys given 2 × 100 mg testosterone (14.7 ± 1.7 μg /l) and in 1/21 given 4 × 100 mg (21.3 ± 2.0 μg/l, p = 0.04). It was low during sleep in 4/29 (14%) boys, all having basal plasma testosterone below 3.5 nmol/l. The basal insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-I concentration was below -2 SDS in 22% of the boys evaluated. Final height was -0.8 ± 0.1 SDS. It was similar in those with low (n = 9) and normal (n = 71) GH peak, and in those treated (n = 22) or untreated (n = 58) with testosterone. It was over 1 SDS lower than the target height in 20% and than the predicted height at the initial evaluation in 14% of the boys. Pubertal growth was not correlated with the GH peak or plasma IGF-I. Conclusions: The GH peak during the sleep is more frequently normal than the peak after stimulation. The number of testosterone doses influences the quality of priming. The medical problems involved in treating boys with delayed puberty are excluding disease and deciding on testosterone treatment. © Freund Publishing House Ltd., London. ER  - 
Low dose of insulin for assessment of growth hormone and cortisol release in short children; Objective: In 55 prepubertal children with growth failure, aged 8.62 ± 2.89 years, we evaluated the efficacy of a test using only half the usual dose of insulin by comparing the results with those obtained during a classical arginine tolerance test, performed separately. Patients and Methods: The patients were randomly divided into two groups: group A consisting of 37 children received 0.05 U/kg insulin, while group B consisting of 18 patients received 0.1 U/kg insulin. Each child received the same dose of arginine per kg during the second test. Results: Serum growth hormone (GH) peak levels were significantly (p <0.01) lower in children of group A (6.59 ± 4.10 ng/ml) than in those of group B (10.12 ± 5.80 ng/ml). No differences of GH peak levels were found in patients of the two groups after arginine infusion. The injection of 0.05 U/kg insulin induced a significantly (p <0.0001) lower percent decrease of serum glucose than 0.1 U/kg. No difference of the percent increase of serum cortisol induced by insulin at 0.05 U/kg and 0.1 U/kg was observed. Conclusion: The diagnosis of GH deficiency in children can be supported by a blunted GH response after two or more pharmacological stimuli including hypoglycaemia induced by only half the usual dose of insulin. © Freund Publishing House Ltd., London. ER  - 
Insulin resistance in adolescents with menstrual irregularities; Purpose: To assess the presence of insulin resistance as well as the incidence of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) in adolescents with menstrual disorders. Methods: A case-control study was conducted with 34 adolescents during the period of 2 to 4 years after menarche. The patients were divided into two groups: group I (G I) with 22 patients with menstrual irregularity, and group II (G II) with 12 patients with regular menstrual cycles. Body mass index and Ferriman-Gallway index were calculated for all patients, who also received a pelvic ultrasound. We measured DHEA-S, 17 hydroxyprogesterone, testosterone, TSH, LH, FSH, and prolactin in serum sample and conducted the glucose tolerance test with 75 mg dextrose with measurement of glucose and insulin. Results: Mean ± SD ovary volume was larger in G I (11.38 ± 4.06 cm3) than in G II (7.72 ± 5.59 cm3); P < 0.05. DHEA-S (G I = 47.23; G II = 38.38 μg/dl) and testosterone (G I = 54.19; G II = 32.53 ng/dl) levels were higher in patients with menstrual irregularity. In G I we detected two patients with diabetes mellitus and one patient with glucose intolerance. Sixteen patients in this group had clinical or hormonal characteristics of PCOS. The mean values of the area under the insulin curve (AUIC) were higher in patients with menstrual irregularities (8,556.52 μIU/mL/2 h) than in controls (5,743.38 μIU/mL/2 h); P < 0.05. Conclusions: The presence of PCOS was detected in 95% of the adolescents with menstrual irregularity. Patients with menstrual disorders presented higher AUIC values than controls. © 2005 North American Society for Pediatric and Adolescent Gynecology. ER  - 
Idiopathic central precocious puberty in girls in Bahia, Brazil; INTRODUCTION: Although the therapeutic effects of GnRH analogues (GnRHa) in central precocious puberty (CPP) have been established, clinical aspects may vary according to racial groups. OBJECTIVE AND METHODS: To describe the profile of 175 girls from Bahia, Brazil, treated with GnRHa for idiopathic CPP. RESULTS: The mulatto racial group predominated in the sample. The chronological age at puberty was 6.3 +/- 0.1 years. At diagnosis, height was 2.2 +/- 0.1 SD and body mass index (BMI) was 1.5 +/- 0.1 SD (> 2 SD in 32%), this one, inversely associated with age at onset of puberty (R = -0.20, p = 0.008). At treatment, chronological and bone ages were 8.4 +/- 0.1 years and 10.3 +/- 0.1 years, respectively. At the end of treatment (n = 52) age, BMI and height were 10.6 +/- 0.1 years, 1.6 +/- 0.2 SD and 1.9 +/- 0.2 SD, respectively. CONCLUSION: Clinical presentation and evolution were similar to other studies, independently of racial characteristics. In this sample, treatment with GnRHa was not associated to significant weight gain. ER  - 
Diabetes mellitus in adolescence; Adolescence represents a difficult period for subjects with Type 1 diabetes mellitus. Risk factors for deterioration of metabolic control include 1. hormonal changes associated with increased insulin resistance, 2. high energetic demand of the developing organism leading to increased food intake and 3. changes in way of thinking and natural desire for independence. The insulin dosage and metabolic control was evaluated on a longitudinal basis in 108 children and adolescents (43 males, 65 females) with diabetes duration over 1 year. Totally, 1134 time points were included into analysis. The insulin dose in the whole group was 0.82 ± 0.25 IU/kg/day (median 0.80; range 0.04-1.61) and did not differ between males and females. Daily insulin dose peaked in both sexes at 14 years (girls: mean 1.04 IU/kg; boys: mean 0.94 IU/kg) and slightly declined thereafter. The level of glycosylated haemoglobin HbA1C (according to DCCT scale valid until 31. 12. 2003 in the Czech Republic) was 7.65 ± 1.46% in the whole group (median 7.4; range 4.1-14.1). Girls reached highest levels at 13 years (mean 8.26%). Thereafter, their metabolic control moderately improved. In males, metabolic control worsened during the whole period of adolescence and reached a maximum at 17 years (mean 9.39%). These results document not only different timing of puberty in both sexes but probably also the later achievement of psychosocial maturity in males. A further deterioration of metabolic control may occur in young men immediately after their transfer to adult clinics. ER  - 
Obesity and diabetic microangiopathy in children with type 1 diabetes; Obesity is a factor for endothelial dysfunction, that links diabetes with cardiovascular diseases. The aim of the study were to establish the rate of obesity among children with Type 1 diabetes (T1D) and its correlation with some factors responsible for diabetic microangiopathy. Patients - 114 children with Type 1 diabetes (56 girls and 58 boys) aged 14.3 ± 2.3 years and 17 obese nondiabetic children were involved. Obesity is diagnosed by Body mass index (BMI) estimation according local referent values. Fat mass (%), waist circumference, arterial blood pressure, glycated hemoglobin value (A1-c), total cholesterol, HDL - cholesterol, triglycerides and microalbuminuria are measured. The results show that obesity is present only during puberty and affects mainly girls -15 (26.7%) vs 2(3.4%) of the boys (p<0.001). Microangiopathy have been found in 8 (47%) of obese patients. These patients shows significantly higher values of BMI, waist circumference, arterial blood pressure, incidents of lipid disorders and microalbuminuria (p < 0.05). Our data confirmed that obesity in puberty girls with T1D is a risk factor for early development of diabetic microangiopathy. ER  - 
Relation of C-reactive protein to insulin resistance and cardiovascular risk factors in youth; OBJECTIVE - Insulin resistance and C-reactive protein (CRP) levels are strongly correlated in adults. This study explored the relationship in youth. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - Associations between CRP levels, cardiovascular risk, and insulin resistance measured by the euglycemic clamp were investigated in 342 healthy Minneapolis youth. RESULTS - There was no difference in mean CRP levels among boys (n = 189, CRP 1.10 ± 0.46 mg/l) and girls (n = 153, CRP 1.16 ± 0.63 mg/l; P = 0.32). There was also no difference between CRP and Tanner stage. CRP, adjusted for BMI, was significantly greater in black subjects compared with white subjects (P = 0.03). CRP was strongly related to adiposity in both girls and boys. CRP levels were related to fasting insulin levels (r = 0.16, P = 0.003) but this association was not significant after adjustment for BMI (r = 0.07, P = 0.21). Similarly, M, the euglycemic clamp measurement of insulin sensitivity, was significantly related to CRP levels (r = -0.13, P = 0.02) but not when M was normalized to lean body mass (M 1bm) (r = -0.10, P = 0.09). There was a significant inverse correlation between M1bm and CRP quartiles, which disappeared after adjustment for BMI. There was no significant association between CRP levels and lipids, blood pressure, physical activity, or left ventricular mass. CONCLUSION - In contrast to adult subjects, after adjustment for adiposity, CRP levels in children age 10-16 years were not significantly associated with insulin resistance or with other factors comprising the metabolic syndrome. This is consistent with the concept that insulin resistance may precede the development of CRP elevation in the evolution of the metabolic syndrome. © 2005 by the American Diabetes Association. ER  - 
Physical activity and energy intake in adolescent girls with Type 1 diabetes; Aims: Girls with Type 1 diabetes often gain excessive weight during puberty. The aims of this study were to compare objectively assessed physical activity and energy intake in girls with Type 1 diabetes with those in healthy age-matched controls. Methods: This prospective cohort study comprised 26 girls with Type 1 diabetes and 49 control girls. The mean age of the diabetic girls was 15.7 ± 2.1 years and that of the control girls 15.8 ± 2.1 years. In the diabetic group, mean haemoglobin A1c was 7.6 ± 1.4% and daily insulin dosage was 1.1 ± 0.3 U/kg. Physical activity was measured during 7 consecutive days with a uniaxial accelerometer, and energy intake was assessed concurrently with a 7-day food diary. Results: There was a tendency towards lower total amount of physical activity in the diabetes group but the difference between the study groups did not reach statistical significance (Diabetes: 464 ± 123 counts/min/day; Controls: 523 ± 138 counts/min/day; P = 0.06). No difference was found between the groups regarding total energy intake (Diabetes: 8.5 ± 1.8 MJ/day; Controls: 8.4 ± 2.6 MJ/day). The carbohydrate intake was lower and the protein and fibre intakes were higher in girls with diabetes. No association was observed between physical activity, energy intake and HbA1c. Conclusions: In this prospective cohort study, we found a tendency towards lower physical activity but no differences in energy intake between girls with Type 1 diabetes and age-matched controls. Larger studies are needed to further explore the importance of the total amount of physical activity for excessive weight gain in adolescent girls with Type 1 diabetes. © 2005 Diabetes UK. ER  - 
The COMT val158met polymorphism is associated with early pubertal development, height and cortical bone mass in girls; Estrogens are involved in accretion of bone mass during puberty. Catechol-O-Methyltransferase (COMT) is involved in the degradation of estrogens. In this cross-sectional study we investigated associations between the COMT val158met polymorphism, which results in a 60-75% difference in enzyme activity between the val (high activity = H) and the met (low activity = L) variant, and skeletal phenotypes in 246 healthy pre/early pubertal girls. Girls with COMTLL were 5.4 cm taller than COMTHH girls. Dual x-ray absorptiometry showed higher values of bone mineral content (BMC), and larger areas of total body, femur and spine in COMTLL. Cortical BMC, measured by peripheral quantitative computerized tomography in the tibia, was 9.8% higher in COMTLL compared with COMTHH. This was due to a larger cortical cross sectional area while the cortical volumetric bone mineral density was not associated with COMT genotype. COMTLL girls had higher serum levels of free estradiol and insulin like growth factor. Regression models indicated that COMT genotype exerted effects on skeletal growth mainly via a regulation of free estradiol, resulting in an affected pubertal development (Tanner staging). We propose that the COMTLL genotype results in higher free estradiol levels and earlier pubertal development, leading to an increased skeletal growth in pre/early pubertal girls. Possible consequences for the adult skeleton however can be determined only after cessation of growth. Copyright © 2005 International Pediatric Research Foundation, Inc. ER  - 
International conference on the healthy effect of virgin olive oil; Ageing represents a great concern in developed countries because the number of people involved and the pathologies related with it, like atherosclerosis, morbus Parkinson, Alzheime's disease, vascular dementia, cognitive decline, diabetes and cancer. Epidemiological studies suggest that a Mediterranean diet (which is rich in virgin olive oil) decreases the risk of cardiovascular disease. The Mediterranean diet, rich in virgin olive oil, improves the major risk factors for cardiovascular disease, such as the lipoprotein profile, blood pressure, glucose metabolism and antithrombotic profile. Endothelial function, inflammation and oxidative stress are also positively modulated. Some of these effects are attributed to minor components of virgin olive oil. Therefore, the definition of the Mediterranean diet should include virgin olive oil. Different observational studies conducted in humans have shown that the intake of monounsaturated fat may be protective against age-related cognitive decline and Alzheimer's disease. Microconstituents from virgin olive oil are bioavailable in humans and have shown antioxidant properties and capacity to improve endothelial function. Furthermore they are also able to modify the haemostasis, showing antithrombotic properties. In countries where the populations fulfilled a typical Mediterranean diet, such as Spain, Greece and Italy, where virgin olive oil is the principal source of fat, cancer incidence rates are lower than in northern European countries. The protective effect of virgin olive oil can be most important in the first decades of life, which suggests that the dietetic benefit of virgin olive oil intake should be initiated before puberty, and maintained through life. The more recent studies consistently support that the Mediterranean diet, based in virgin olive oil, is compatible with a healthier ageing and increased longevity. However, despite the significant advances of the recent years, the final proof about the specific mechanisms and contributing role of the different components of virgin olive oil to its beneficial effects requires further investigations. © 2005 Blackwell Publishing Ltd. ER  - 
Mutational spectrum of steroid 21-hydroxylase and the genotype-phenotype association in Middle European patients with congenital adrenal hyperplasia; Objective: To analyze the mutational spectrum of steroid 21-hydroxylase (CYP21) and the genotype-phenotype correlation in patients with congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH) registered in the Middle European Society for Pediatric Endocrinology CAH database, and to design a reliable and rational approach for CYP21 mutation detection in Middle European populations. Design and methods: Molecular analysis of the CYP21 gene was performed in 432 CAH patients and 298 family members. Low-resolution genotyping was performed to detect the eight most common point mutations. High-resolution genotyping, including Southern blotting and sequencing was performed to detect CYP21 gene deletions, conversion point mutations or other sequence changes. Results: CYP21 gene deletion and In2 and Ile172Asn mutation accounted for 72.7% of the affected alleles in the whole study group. A good genotype-phenotype correlation was observed, with the exception of Ile172Asn and Pro30Leu mutations. In 37% of patients low resolution genotyping could not identify the causative mutation or distinguish homozygosity from hemizygosity. Using high-resolution genotyping, the causative mutation could be identified in 341 out of 348 analyzed patients. A novel mutation Gln315Stop was found in one simple virilising CAH (SV-CAH) patient from Austria. In the remaining seven patients polymorphisms were identified as the leading sequence alteration. The presence of elevated basal and ACTH-stimulated 17-hydroxyprogesterone, premature pubarche, advanced bone age and clitoral hypertrophy directly implicated Asn493Ser polymorphism in the manifestation of nonclassical- (NC) and even SV-CAH. Conclusions: By genotyping for the most common point mutations, CYP21 gene deletion/conversion and the 8 bp deletion in exon 3, it should be possible to identify the mutation in 94-99% of the diseased alleles in any investigated Middle European population. In patients with a mild form of the disease and no detectable mutation CYP21 gene polymorphisms should be considered as a plausible disease-causing mutation. © 2005 Society of the European Journal of Endocrinology. ER  - 
Ovarian function during puberty in girls with type 1 diabetes mellitus: Response to leuprolide; Context: An increased prevalence of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) has been reported in adult women with type 1 diabetes mellitus (DM1). We investigated whether these hormonal abnormalities begin during puberty by evaluating the ovarian steroidogenic response to leuprolide acetate. Methods: We studied 56 adolescent girls with DM1 (aged 12.3 ± 0.2 yr) and 64 healthy girls (C) (aged 11.9 ± 0.2 yr) up to 2 yr post menarche, matched by age, body mass index, and pubertal development. We evaluated anthropometrical data and Ferriman-Gallway score and performed a leuprolide test (500 μg sc) to study ovarian function. Ovarian volume was determined by transabdominal ultrasonography. Results: We found five DM1 but no C girls with abnormally located terminal hair (Fisher's exact, P < 0.05). Free androgen index increased throughout puberty in girls with DM1 (ANOVA, P < 0.0001), which was associated with a decrease in SHBG levels in girls with DM1 (ANOVA, P < 0.0001). Stimulated 17OH progesterone (17OHProg) increased throughout puberty only in girls with DM1 (ANOVA, P < 0.01). Girls with DM1 at Tanner stage 5 had higher stimulated LH to FSH ratio, testosterone, and 17OHProg levels than girls at Tanner stage 4. In contrast, in C girls the stimulated testosterone, 17OHProg, and LH to FSH ratio were similar at Tanner stages 4 and 5. Ovarian volumes and uterine length were larger in girls with DM1 (analysis of covariance, P < 0.05). Conclusions: These data suggest that patients with DM1 have differences in ovarian steroidogenic response to leuprolide, compared with C girls during puberty. Future studies in young women should clarify whether these findings are related to the pathogenesis of hyperandrogenism later in life Copyright © 2005 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Evaluation of the auxological and metabolic status in prepubertal children born small for gestational age; Background: Low birth weight (BW) (<2,500 g) is associated with a high risk of impaired postnatal growth and late metabolic consequences. The aim of this study is to describe the postnatal growth pattern and the metabolic status of children born small for gestational age (SGA) and compare them with premature children born with low (1,500-2,500 g) and very low (<1,500 g) BW. Children and Methods: 104 prepubertal children (47 males and 57 females) aged 3.0 to 8.9 years were divided into four groups according to their birth weight adjusted for gestational age (GA): SGA-premature (SGApr): BW < -2 SD, GA <37 wk (n = 17); SGA-full-term (SGAt): BW < -2 SD, GA ≥37 wk (n = 29); low birth weight (LBW): BW = 1,500-2,500 g, GA <37 wk (n = 35); very low birth weight (VLBW): BW ≤1,500 g, GA <37 wk (n = 23). The control group consisted of 27 full-term appropriate for gestational age, prepubertal children matched for age. All children had anthropometric and laboratory measurements. The HOMA model was used to estimate insulin resistance (IR). Results: Weight, height and body mass index (BMI) were significantly lower in the SGA groups - both term and premature - (p <0.05) and particularly lower in the VLBW children (p <0.01). At the age of 36 months, 99.6% of SGAt and a smaller percentage of SGApr (88.2%) children achieved catch-up growth. IGF-I and IGFBP-3 levels were lower in the children born SGA, both term and premature, compared to the controls (p <0.05) and especially in those who had catch-up after the age of 6 months (p <0.002). VLBW children aged 6-8.9 years had significantly higher HOMA compared to controls of the same age group (p = 0.005), whereas no evidence of IR was found in the SGA children. None of the children had developed premature adrenarche by the day of examination. Conclusions: Prepubertal children born SGA and VLBW are thinner and shorter than their age-matched controls. A larger percentage of SGA full-term children achieve catch-up growth than SGA premature children by 3 years of age. SGA children and especially those with late catch-up growth have lower IGF-I levels. Children with VLBW show evidence of IR at age 6-8.9 years. None of the girls showed precocious sexual development by the day of examination. © Freund Publishing House Ltd., London. ER  - 
Type 2 diabetes mellitus among children and adolescents in Al-Ain: A case series; To characterize the features of type 2 diabetes mellitus among children and adolescents in Al-Ain, the records of every child with diabetes attending a teaching hospital in the city from January 1990 to December 2001 were retrospectively examined. Of 96 young people newly diagnosed with diabetes mellitus, 11 were identified as type 2. The clinical characteristics were: pubertal onset, female preponderance, obesity, strong family history of type 2 diabetes mellitus, high plasma glucose at presentation, adequate β cell reserve and serum pancreatic islet cell antibody negativity. This case series adds to the evidence that type 2 diabetes mellitus is emerging among children in our region. ER  - 
Subclinical peripheral neuropathy in type 1 diabetic adolescents and its relationship with metabolic control; Professional management of paediatric diabetology, according to consensus guidelines, involves the screening of microvascular complications at puberty. The subclinical form of peripheral neural dysfunction in diabetic teenagers is reported with a frequency of 50-88%, by different authors. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the frequency of subclinical distal neuropathy (DSMN) in type 1 diabetic paediatric patients during the second decade of life, and its relationship with metabolic control. The Endocrinology Department and the Neurology-Physiology Laboratory of the Paediatric Clinic in Belgrade carried out a longitudinal follow-up study (lasting 18 months, beginning in November 2000) on a selection of patients with poor metabolic control. During routine clinical treatment, patients were evaluated using the electrophysiological diagnostic method on peripheral neural dysfunction, a subclinical form of neuropathy. Metabolic control was manifested through HbA1c levels, measured every 3 months, using ion-exchange chromatography. Finally, here is the data collected from the clinical follow-up investigation of 60 children, aged 13-19 (median 15.5 +/- 2.2), with duration of diabetes from 2-16 years (median 6.3 +/- 3.6), and on the following therapies: 43 CT-conventional and 17 IIT-intensive, and insulin dose/ day, median 1.02 (0.6-2.1) U/kg. Detected DSMN parameters at the beginning and at the end of the study were also noted. DSMN frequency was positive, at 64% for HbA1c of 9.44; DSMN dysfunction was reversed in 5% of the patients, for HbA1c of 10.17; the worst result was the progression of DSMN at 6.7% for HbA1c of 10.52; 6.7% had negative DSMN, with improved metabolic control, for HbA1c of 8.4; 15% of the examinations were unfinished (+/*). ANOVA statistical analysis showed a significant statistical relationship between metabolic control (HbA1c levels) and DSMN neuropathy (sig. 0.043, p < 0.05). There was no significant relationship between the reversion of DSMN and improved HbA1c, although a numeric distinction did exist. On the clinical aspect, there was a significant relationship between insulin dosage and age (p < 0.01, sig. 0.007). This data demonstrates the influence of metabolic regulation on neuropathy. Better metabolic control can slow the progression of subclinical peripheral neural dysfunction (DSMN) in diabetic children. ER  - 
The Jaen Statement 2004: Consensus document of the International Conference on the healthy effects of virgin olive oil; Aging represents a great concern in developed countries because the number of people involved and the pathologies related with it, like atherosclerosis, Parkinson, Alzheimer, vascular dementia, cognitive decline, diabetes and cancer. Epidemiological studies suggest that a Mediterranean diet (which is rich in virgin olive oil) decreases the risk of cardiovascular disease. The Mediterranean diet, rich in virgin olive oil, improves the major risk factors for cardiovascular disease, such as the lipoprotein profile, blood pressure, glucose metabolism antiantithrombotic profile. Endothelial function, inflammation and oxidative stress are also positively modulated. Some of these effects are attributed to minor components of virgin olive oil. Therefore, the definition of the Mediterranean diet should include virgin olive oil. Different observational studies conducted in humans have shown that the intake of monounsaturated fat may be protective against age-related cognitive decline and Alzheimer's disease. Microconstituents from virgin olive oil are bioavailable in humans and have shown antioxidant properties and capacity to improve endothelial function. Furthermore, they are also able to modify the haemostasis, showing antithrombotic properties. In countries in which the populations fulfilled a typical Mediterranean diet, such as Spain, Greece, and Italy, where virgin olive oil is the principal source of fat, cancer incidence rates are lower than in Northern European countries. The protective effect of virgin olive oil can be most important in the first decades of life, which suggests that the dietetic benefit of virgin olive oil intake should be initiated before puberty, and maintained through life. The more recent studies consistently support that the Mediterranean diet, based in virgin olive oil, is compatible with a healthier aging and increased longevity. However, despite the significant advances of the recent years, the final proof about the specific mechanisms and contributing role of the different components of virgin olive oil to its beneficial effects requires further investigations. ER  - 
Insulin resistance in adolescents with Down syndrome: A cross-sectional study; Background: The prevalence of diabetes mellitus is higher in individuals with Down syndrome (DS) than in the general population; it may be due to the high prevalence of obesity presented by many of them. The aim of this study was to evaluate the insulin resistance (IR) using the HOMA (Homeostasis Model Assessment) method, in DS adolescents, describing it according to the sex, body mass index (BMI) and pubertal development. Methods: 15 adolescents with DS (8 males and 7 females) were studied, aged 10 to 18 years, without history of disease or use of medication that could change the suggested laboratory evaluation. On physical examination, the pubertal signs, acanthosis nigricans (AN), weight and height were evaluated. Fasting plasma glucose and insulin were analysed by the colorimetric method and RIA-kit LINCO, respectively. IR was calculated using the HOMA method. The patients were grouped into obese, overweight and normal, according to their BMI percentiles. The EPIINFO 2004 software was used to calculate the BMI, its percentile and Z score. Results: Five patients were adults (Tanner V or presence of menarche), 9 pubertal (Tanner II - IV) and 1 prepubertal (Tanner I). No one had AN. Two were obese, 4 overweight and 9 normal. Considering the total number of patients, HOMA was 1.7 ± 1.0, insulin 9.3 ± 4.8 μU/ml and glucose 74.4 ± 14.8 mg/dl. The HOMA values were 2.0 ± 1.0 in females and 1.5 ± 1.0 in males. Considering the nutritional classification, the values of HOMA and insulin were: HOMA: 3.3 ± 0.6, 2.0 ± 1.1 and 1.3 ± 0.6, and insulin: 18.15 ± 1.6 μU/ml, 10.3 ± 3.5 μU/ml and 6.8 ± 2.8 μU/ml, in the obese, overweight and normal groups respectively. Considering puberty, the values of HOMA and insulin were: HOMA: 2.5 ± 1.3, 1.4 ± 0.6 and 0.8 ± 0.0, and insulin: 13.0 ± 5.8 μU/ml, 7.8 ± 2.9 μU/ml and 4.0 ± 0.0 μU/ml, in the adult, pubertal and prepubertal groups respectively. Conclusion: The obese and overweight, female and adult patients showed the highest values of HOMA and insulin. © 2005 da Fonseca et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Insulin resistance and impaired glucose tolerance in obese children and adolescents referred to a tertiary-care center in Israel; OBJECTIVE: To establish the prevalence of insulin resistance and impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) and their determinants in a cohort of obese children and adolescents. METHODS: A retrospective design was used. The study group included 234 patients with a body mass index (BMI) greater than the 95th percentile for age and gender and 22 patients with a BMI between the 85th and 95th percentile for age and gender referred for evaluation to a major tertiary-care center in Israel. Ages ranged from 5 to 22 y. Estimates of insulin resistance (homeostatic model assessment (HOMA-IR)); insulin sensitivity (ratio of fasting glucose (GF) to fasting insulin (IF) (GF/IF), the quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI)), and pancreatic β-cell function (HOMA-derived β-cell function (HOMA %B)) were derived from fasting measurements. An oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) was performed in 192 patients to determine the presence of IGT. RESULTS: Insulin resistance was detected in 81.2% of the patients, IGT in 13.5%, and silent diabetes in one adolescent girl. Only two patients with IGT also had impaired fasting glucose (IFG). The prevalence of IGT was higher in adolescents than prepubertal children (14.7 vs 8.6%). GF/IF and QUICKI decreased significantly during puberty (P < 0.005), whereas HOMA-IR and HOMA %B did not. Insulin resistance and insulin sensitivity indexes were not associated with ethnicity, presence of acanthosis nigricans or family history of type 2 diabetes. Patients with obesity complications had lower insulin sensitivity indexes than those without (P = 0.05). Compared with subjects with normal glucose tolerance (NGT), patients with IGT had significantly higher fasting blood glucose (85.9 ± 6.5 vs 89.2 ± 10.6 mg/dl, P < 0.05), higher 2-h post-OGGT insulin levels (101.2 ± 74.0 vs 207.6 ± 129.7 μU/ml, P < 0.001), a lower QUICKI (0.323 ± 0.031 vs 0.309 ± 0.022, P < 0.05), and higher fasting triglyceride levels (117.4 ± 53.1 vs 156.9 ± 68.9, P = 0.002). However, several of the fasting indexes except QUICKI failed to predict IGT. There was no difference between the group with IGT and the group with NGT in fasting insulin, HOMA-IR, HOMA %B or the male-to-female ratio, age, BMI-SDS, presence of acanthosis nigricans, ethnicity, and family history of type 2 diabetes. CONCLUSIONS: Insulin resistance is highly prevalent in obese children and adolescents. The onset of IGT is associated with the development of severe hyperinsulinemia as there are no predictive cutpoint values of insulin resistance or insulin sensitivity indexes for IGT, and neither fasting blood glucose nor insulin levels nor HOMA-IR or HOMA %B are effective screening tools; an OGTT is required in all subjects at high risk. Longitudinal studies are needed to identify the metabolic precursors and the natural history of the development of type 2 diabetes in these patients. © 2005 Nature Publishing Group. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Infant feeding and components of the metabolic syndrome: Findings from the European Youth Heart Study; Aims: To assess the associations of type and duration of infant feeding with components of the metabolic syndrome in children aged 9 and 15. Methods: A total of 2192 randomly selected schoolchildren aged 9 and 15 years from Estonia (n = 1174) and Denmark (n = 1018) were studied. Insulin resistance (homoeostasis model assessment), triglyceride levels, high density lipoprotein cholesterol, and systolic blood pressure were measured. Results: Children who had ever been exclusively breast fed had lower systolic blood pressures than those who were not. With full adjustment for age, sex, country, birth weight, pubertal stage, body mass index, height, maternal and paternal education, income, smoking, and body mass index the mean systolic blood pressure of children who had ever been breast fed was 1.7 mm Hg (95% CI -3.0 to -0.5) lower than those who had never been exclusively breast fed. There was a dose-response in this association with decreasing mean systolic blood pressure across categories from never exclusively breast fed to breast fed for more than six months. Exclusive breast feeding was not associated with other components of the metabolic syndrome. Results were similar when examined separately in each country. Conclusions: The magnitude of the association, its independence of important confounding factors, and the dose-response suggest that exclusive breast feeding is causally associated with reduced systolic blood pressure. The magnitude of the effect we found with blood pressure is comparable to the published effects of salt restriction and physical activity on blood pressure in adult populations, suggesting that it is of public health importance. ER  - 
Maturity- and sex-related changes in tibial bone geometry, strength and bone-muscle strength indices during growth: A 20-month pQCT study; During growth, bone strength is conferred through subtle adaptations in bone mass and geometry in response to muscle forces. Few studies have examined the changes in bone geometry, strength and the bone-muscle strength relationship across maturity in boys and girls. Our aims were to describe (i) 20-month changes in bone geometry and strength at the tibial midshaft across three maturity groups of boys and girls, (ii) differences in these adaptations between sexes at the same approximate level of maturity and (iii) the bone-muscle strength relationship across maturity groups of boys and girls and between sexes. We used peripheral quantitative computed tomography (pQCT, Stratec XCT-2000) to measure change in total bone cross-sectional area (ToA, mm 2), cortical area (CoA, mm2), average cortical thickness (C.Th., mm), section modulus (mm3) and muscle cross-sectional area (mm2) at the tibial midshaft (50% site) in 128 EARLY-, PERI- and POST-pubertal girls (n = 69, 11.9 ± 0.6 years) and boys (n = 59, 12.0 ± 0.6 years) across 20 months. We also calculated two bone-muscle strength indices (BMSI) for compression (CoA/MCSA) and bending [strength index/MCSA; where strength index = Z / (tibial length / 2)]. EARLY boys and girls had smaller ToA at baseline than same sex PERI or POST participants. There were no sex differences in ToA or CoA at baseline; however, boys increased both parameters significantly more than girls in every maturity group (8.5-11.1%, P < 0.01). These changes in bone geometry conferred greater gains in bone strength for boys compared with girls in each maturity group (13.8-15.6%, P < 0.01). Baseline BMSIs did not differ between sexes for EARLY and PERI groups, whereas BMSIs were significantly higher for POST boys compared with POST girls (P < 0.05). BMSIs decreased for EARLY and PERI girls (-7.4-(-1.1%)) whereas the ratios remained stable for EARLY and PERI boys (-0.6-2.5%). This sex difference in BMSI change was due to a relatively greater increase in CoA among EARLY and PERI boys compared with same-maturity girls. BMSIs remained stable in POST girls and decreased in POST boys due to relatively greater gains in MCSA. This study provides novel longitudinal descriptions of the maturity- and sex-specific changes in bone geometry, strength and bone-muscle strength indices. © 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Prevalence of diabetes complications 6 years after diagnosis in an incident cohort of childhood diabetes; Aims: To examine the prevalence of early diabetes complications 6 years after diagnosis of diabetes. The hypothesis that initial contact with a multidisciplinary team would be associated with a reduced risk of microvascular complications was tested in this cohort. Methods: Participants were recruited from an incident cohort of children aged < 15 years diagnosed between 1990 and 1992 in NSW, Australia. Initial management at a teaching hospital was documented at case notification. At 6 years, health care questionnaires and complications were assessed: retinopathy by 7-field stereoscopic retinal photography and elevated albumin excretion rate (AER) defined as the median of three overnight urine collections ≥ 7.5 μg/min. Case attainment was 58% (209/361) with participants younger than non-participants and more likely living in an urban than rural location. Results: Retinopathy was present in 24%, median AER ≥ 7.5 μg/min in 18%, and median AER ≥ 20 μg/min in 2%. In multivariate analysis, initial management at a teaching hospital or consultation with all three allied health professionals combined with pubertal staging and cholesterol or HbA1c were all determinants of risk for retinopathy. Conclusions: Early retinopathy and elevated AER are common in children 6 years after diagnosis. Initial allied health contact and management at a teaching hospital were associated with a reduced risk of microvascular complications in this cohort. © 2005 Diabetes UK. ER  - 
Breast-tissue sampling for risk assessment and prevention; Breast tissue and duct fluid provide a rich source of biomarkers to both aid in the assessment of short-term risk of developing breast cancer and predict and assess responses to prevention interventions. There are three methods currently being utilized to sample breast tissue in asymptomatic women for risk assessment: nipple-aspirate fluid (NAF), random periareolar fine-needle aspiration (RPFNA) and ductal lavage. Prospective single-institution trials have shown that the presence of atypical cells in NAF fluid or RPFNA specimens is associated with an increased risk of breast cancer. Furthermore, RPFNA-detected atypia has been observed to further stratify risk based on the commonly used Gail risk-assessment model. A prospective trial evaluating risk prediction on the basis of atypical cells in ductal-lavage fluid is ongoing. The ability of other established non-genetic biomarkers (mammographic breast density; serum levels of bioavailable estradiol, testosterone, insulin-like growth factor-1 and its insulin like growth factor binding protein-3) to stratify risk based on the Gail model is as yet incompletely defined. Modulation of breast intra-epithelial neoplasia (i.e. hyperplasia with or without atypia) with or without associated breast-tissue molecular markers, such as proliferation, is currently being used to evaluate response in Phase II chemoprevention trials. RPFNA has been the method most frequently used for Phase II studies of 6-12 months duration. However, ductal lavage, RPFNA and random and directed core needle biopsies are all being utilized in ongoing multi-institutional Phase II studies. The strengths and weaknesses of each method are reviewed. © 2005 Society for Endocrinology. ER  - 
Age-related pituitary volumes in prepubertal children with normal endocrine function: Volumetric magnetic resonance data; Background: Evaluation of the size of the pituitary gland on magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) may be difficult, considering the wide variation in normal gland morphology. Given the paucity of age-related biometric data, our purpose was to obtain standard normal reference values for pituitary volumes in prepubertal children using three-dimensional MRI data. Methods: Children under the age of 10 yr undergoing brain MRI for seizures or idiopathic developmental delay and who had no endocrine abnormality were recruited prospectively over 2 yr. All MRI studies included a three-dimensional sequence. Only subjects with normal studies were included. One hundred thirty-nine children were eligible (mean age, 5.2 yr). Direct pituitary volumes were measured from contiguous 1-mm thick reconstructed coronal and sagittal images. Estimated pituitary volumes were calculated using pituitary height, width, and length. Results: Volumes obtained from reconstructions in either plane were essentially identical. There was a linear increase in log-transformed pituitary volume with age, but relatively weak correlations with height or body mass index. There was no gender difference and only weak correlations between pituitary height and pituitary volume and between estimated pituitary volume calculation and measured pituitary volume. We provide age-related reference ranges for pituitary volumes in graphical and tabular forms. Copyright © 2005 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Obesity in Spanish schoolchildren: relationship with lipid profile and insulin resistance.; This article reports cross-sectional data from a total of 1048 children, 6 to 8 years of age, categorized by presence or absence of obesity, who participated in a voluntary survey of cardiovascular risk factors in Spain over the period of 1998 to 2000, to establish the relationship between obesity and its metabolic consequences at this age. The prevalence of obesity and overweight were 9.4% and 15.7%, respectively, in boys and 10.5% and 18.0%, respectively, in girls. We observed that, in both sexes, obese children had higher triglycerides and lower high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol levels than non-obese children. No differences were found in plasma glucose or low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol levels between normal and obese children. However, we observed that insulin levels and the homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance were significantly (p<0.001) higher in obese children of both sexes but that free fatty acid levels were lower in obese children than in nonobese children, with a statistical significance in girls (0.72+/-0.30 vs. 0.61+/-0.16 mEq/liter). In summary, our survey found some metabolic consequences of obesity similar to those found in adults (elevated triglycerides, insulin, and the homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance, and lower high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol). However, other features (glucose, total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol, and free fatty acid levels) were found to behave differently, indicating that the association of obesity with risk factors seems to change as the children age and may depend on the chronology of sexual maturation. ER  - 
Early detection of diabetic nephropathy in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus; Introduction: Diabetic nephropathy commences early after the diagnosis of type 1 DM, described risk factors include time after diagnosis, deficient metabolic control, puberty and arterial hypertension. Objective: To evaluate the aforementioned parameters and their association with early renal compromise in children with type 1 DM. Methods: Prospective study measuring microalbuminuria, random morning creatininuria (index microalbuminuria/creatininuria (ACR), plasma creatinine, creatinine clearence, renal ultrasound, actual glycosylated hemoglobin and previous average, age of diagnosis, puberty and blood pressure. Results: 44 patients were studied, 20 males, average age 11.68 ± 3.01 years, with a follow-up since DM diagnosis of 3.8 ± 2.84 years. Average HbA1c was 9.1 ± 1.9%. Hyperfiltration was observed in 7/44 (15.9%) and nephromegalia was noted in 7/28 (25%). 8/44 patients (18,2%) had a raised ACR, and the 25% of prepuberal patients who has increase ACR were diagnosed at an earlier age. There was no correlation between metabolic control, hyperfiltration or nephromegalia with other studied parameters. Conclusions: Microalbuminuria determined by ACR is present in 18.2% of patients, presented more frequent in prepuberal children who debut at youngest age, being a possible risk factor for its future development. ER  - 
Insulin gene variable number of tandem repeats is associated with increased fat mass during adolescence in non-obese girls; Obesity and related disorders have become a major health problem. Understanding the interaction between genetic and environmental factors influencing the susceptibility to develop obesity is important when pinpointing people at risk. In a longitudinal study of 256 non-obese adolescents, the influence of the insulin gene (INS) variable number of tandem repeats (VNTR) on anthropometric measures and fat mass was investigated. The adolescents were examined at the age of 12.4 (2.3) (mean, SD) and 16.2 (2.3) years, and at follow-up with dual x-ray absorptiometry (DXA) for measurement of body composition. INS VNTR classes I and III alleles were investigated using the -23T/A single nucleotide polymorphism as a surrogate marker. There was a non-significant trend towards increased body mass index (BMI) and fat mass with the class III allele in girls. Homozygotes for the INS VNTR class III allele had a greater increase in BMI compared with those that were homozygous or heterozygous for the class I allele (3.8 (1.6) versus 2.4 (1.9) kg/m 2, p=0.03), and they had higher fat mass (36.4 (3.9) versus 31.3 (6.8)%, p=0.02) at follow-up. Our finding that homozygosity of the INS VNTR class III allele seems to predispose to increased weight gain and fat mass raises the possibility that this genotype may be one of the important factors in the gene-environment interaction that eventually results in overweight and insulin resistance. © 2005 Taylor & Francis. ER  - 
Approach to adolescent polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) in the pediatric endocrine community in the USA; Objective: Polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrinopathy in adult women, and is emerging as a common cause of menstrual disturbances in the adolescent population. Insulin resistance, which is considered one of its underlying causes, has increased substantially in the past decade, putting more adolescent girls at risk for PCOS and its complications. Our objective was to survey pediatric endocrinologists' approach to diagnosis and treatment of PCOS in the adolescent population, as there is presently no structured recommended approach to this emerging problem. Design/Methods: A questionnaire survey was sent to 839 members of the Lawson Wilkins Pediatric Endocrine Society (LWPES). A total of 176 (21%) responses was received and analyzed. Results: The majority of the participants would consider initiating work-up in an adolescent with oligomenorrhea or secondary amenorrhea 12-24 months after menarche. The following work-up was selected as a baseline for a teenager with oligomenorrhea or secondary amenorrhea by more than 50% of participants: LH and FSH, total and free testosterone, prolactin, 17-OH-progesterone, DHEAS and glucose/insulin measurements. For treatment of PCOS, the majority of surveyed endocrinologists suggested estrogen/progesterone combination. Metformin was considered appropriate treatment in the general adolescent population with PCOS by 30% and in obese teenagers with PCOS by 68% of surveyed endocrinologists. Conclusions: Our findings indicate the trend among pediatric endocrinologists towards earlier work-up of menstrual irregularities in adolescents - unlike the traditional practice of waiting for 2 years after menarche. Most pediatric endocrinologists would consider evaluation for insulin resistance using glucose/insulin measurement, but only a small percentage considers performing OGTT in these patients. Even though using estrogen/progesterone combination is the preferred therapeutic approach, 30% of surveyed endocrinologists consider metformin therapy for the general adolescent population with PCOS, and 68% would consider using it in obese adolescents with PCOS. © Freund Publishing House Ltd., London. ER  - 
A retrospective study of growth hormone use in adolescents with cystic fibrosis; Objectives: Studies of growth hormone (GH) effectiveness in prepubertal children with cystic fibrosis (CF) have been published previously. We present a retrospective study of GH treatment in adolescents with CF. Study design: We performed a retrospective evaluation of data from 25 pubertal adolescents (ages 13 years 4 months to 16 years 11 months, Tanner stage III or IV). Thirteen (4 F) were followed for 1 year, then received 1 year of treatment with GH (GHTX). We compared the results with a 'control' group of 12 (4 F) whose growth was followed for 1 year (NonTX) but who were not treated with GH at the time of this review. Anthropometric data included: height, weight, lean tissue mass (LTM) and bone mineral content (BMC). Pulmonary function, number of hospitalizations, glycosylated haemoglobin (HbA1c), random blood glucose levels, IGF-I, oestradiol and testosterone levels are also reported. Results: There was no difference between the groups at baseline. After 1 year, GHTX had significantly greater height and weight velocity, height and weight Z-scores, body mass index (BMI), LTM and BMC. Absolute pulmonary function was better and hospitalizations were fewer in the GHTX. No subject developed glucose intolerance or had any other side-effects. Conclusion: These results suggest that GH use in pubertal adolescents with CF safely improves height, body weight, bone mineralization and clinical status. © 2005 Blackwell Publishing Ltd. ER  - 
Early menarche and the development of cardiovascular disease risk factors in adolescent girls: The Fels Longitudinal Study; The purpose of this study was to evaluate the influence of menarcheal age on changes in insulin, glucose, lipids, and blood pressure during adolescence and to assess whether body composition modifies this relationship. We examined 391 girls, a subset of Fels Longitudinal Study female participants (8-21 yr of age). Self-reported menarcheal age was classified based on the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey III distribution, in which early menarche was at the 25th percentile or less (11.9 yr). Age at menarche was examined in relation to measures of body composition [e.g. fat-free mass (FFM) and percent body fat (PBF)], insulin resistance, blood pressure, and lipid profile. The effects of menarcheal age and body composition on cardiovascular disease risk factor changes were analyzed with serial data mixed models. Median menarcheal age was 12.7 yr (range, 9.8-17.0 yr), with 91 girls (23%) classified as early menarche. Girls with early menarche had more deleterious changes in insulin, glucose, blood pressure, FFM, and PBF levels than girls with average or late menarche. Menarcheal age adversely affected cardiovascular disease risk factor changes independent of age and changes in FFM or PBF. Girls with early menarche exhibited elevated blood pressure and glucose intolerance compared with later maturing girls, independent of body composition. Copyright © 2005 by The Endocrine Society. ER  - 
Is puberty an accelerator of type 1 diabetes in IL6-174CC females?; The pubertal peak in onset of type 1 diabetes occurs earlier in girls than- boys. We postulated that this sex difference might be mediated in part by estrogen or by genes regulated by estrogen, such as the interleukin-6 (IL6) gene. Previous studies concerning the role of an estrogen-sensitive single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) in the IL6 promoter in type 1 diabetes have proved contradictory. We therefore selected a large, genetically homogenous population-based cohort, analyzed by age at onset and sex, to test the hypothesis that the IL6-174G>C SNP affects age at onset of type 1 diabetes in females but not in males. We found that the IL6-174CC genotype was significantly less frequent in females diagnosed after than in those diagnosed before the age of 10 years (19 vs. 13%, P = 0.016). No genotype difference was observed in males stratified for age at onset. Among children diagnosed after age 10, the median age of onset was 11.9 years (intraquartile range 10.7-14.6) in 34 girls homozygous for IL6-174C compared with 13.2 years (11.6-15.4) in 229 girls with other genotypes and 13.5 years (12.0-15.6) in 339 males with any IL6-174 genotype (P = 0.012). These data support the hypothesis that pubertal changes may contribute to accelerated onset of type 1 diabetes in genetically susceptible females. This phenomenon may be orchestrated by the action of estrogen on the IL6 promoter. © 2005 by the American Diabetes Association. ER  - 
Racial and etiopathologic dichotomies in insulin hypersecretion and resistance in obese children; Objectives: To assess insulin dynamics to oral glucose tolerance testing in obese children, denoting individual contributions of insulin hypersecretion versus resistance to racial and etiopathogenetic specificity. Study design: We performed 3-hour oral glucose tolerance testing in 113 nondiabetic obese children (age 13.6 ± 3.1 years; 41 male, 78 female; 37 black, 41 white; 35 with central nervous system [CNS] insult). The corrected insulin response (CIRgp; measuring β-cell secretion) and the composite insulin sensitivity index (CISI) were computed and log-transformed, and each was modeled in terms of the other, plus race/etiology, age, sex, body mass index z score, glucose tolerance, pubertal status, and geographic location. Results: A scatterplot of logCIRgp versus logCISI showed that racial and etiopathogenetic groups plotted in different areas. CISI (controlled for CIRgp and other variables) was only 13% lower in blacks than in whites (P = .32). Conversely, CIRgp (controlled for CISI and other variables) was 49% higher in blacks (P = .028). CNS insult exhibited a 40% higher CIRgp (P = .054) and 11% higher CISI (P = .42) than intact white subjects. Conclusions: Insulin hypersecretion and resistance are distinct phenomena in childhood obesity. Insulin hypersecretion appears to be the more relevant insulin abnormality both in obese blacks and in CNS insult. Copyright © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Natural course of autoimmune thyroiditis in type 1 diabetes: Association with gender, age, diabetes duration, and puberty; Aims: To investigate the natural history and incidence of autoimmune thyroiditis (AIT) in paediatric patients with type 1 diabetes (T1D). Methods: Since 1990, annual screening for thyroid disease has been performed in children and adolescents with T1D. Antibodies against thyroperoxidase (anti-TPO) and thyroglobulin (anti-TG) as well as TSH were measured in 659 patients (54.3% boys). In 126 patients, anti-TPO and anti-TG levels were followed at yearly intervals from onset up to five years of T1D. Anti-TPO above 30 U/ml and anti-TG above 20 U/ml were considered positive, values above 100 U/ml as significantly raised and indicative of AIT. L-thyroxine treatment was started if TSH was higher than 4.5 μU/ml and/or thyroid gland enlargement on thyroid ultrasound was present. Results: At initial screening, 15.4% of patients had raised anti-TPO and 14.4% anti-TG. Girls had more frequently raised antibodies than boys. Sixty two patients (9.4%, 61% girls) required treatment with L-thyroxine. The cumulative incidence (SE) of AIT after 10 years of diabetes was 0.14 (0.02), being significantly higher in females (0.18 (0.03)), particularly after the age of 12 years. At T1D onset, positive anti-TPO and anti-TG were present in 21 of 126 patients (16.7%), each. All patients with significantly increased values of anti-TPO (n = 17, 148-5340 U/ml) and anti-TG (n = 11, 140-2000 U/ml) at T1D onset remained positive during the following five years. Conclusions: For early detection of autoimmune thyroiditis in children with T1D, measurement of anti-TPO and TSH at T1D onset and in yearly intervals after the age of 12 years is recommended. ER  - 
Is the relationship between adherence behaviours and glycaemic control bi-directional at adolescence? A longitudinal cohort study; Aim: To analyse the change in adherence to diabetes treatment and its association with metabolic control from childhood to adolescence. The Tanner pubertal staging model was selected as a marker of developmental maturity. Methods: In a multicentre, longitudinal cohort study, 142 children with Type 1 diabetes completed a scale that assessed adherence to treatment and a test of diabetes knowledge at the beginning of the study (T0) and four years later (T4). HbA1c and clinical data were collected at T0 and at T4. Results: From T0 to T4, the mean HbA1c increased from 8.2 ± 1.6 to 9.1 ± 1.4% (P < 0.001). Among patients at pubertal stages 1-4, adherence did not decline from T0 to T4, whereas the HbA1c level increased and a positive correlation between adherence and the knowledge score was noted (r = 0.32; P < 0.02). Among adolescents at pubertal stage 5, the level of adherence decreased (P < 0.01) from T0 to T4 and the HbA1c level increased despite an increase in the knowledge score (P < 0.001), a negative correlation between HbA1c and adherence was found (r = -0.37; P = 0.001) and adherence at T4 significantly added to the prediction of HbA 1c at T4. Conclusions: In this longitudinal study, an initial worsening of glycaemic control as a result of puberty preceded worsening of adherence behaviours. Low levels of adherence become predictive of HbA 1c degradation among pubertal stage 5 adolescents. These results suggest a potential bi-directional relationship between glycaemic control and adherence. © 2005 Diabetes UK. ER  - 
Outcome and long-term growth after extensive small bowel resection in the neonatal period: A survey of 87 children; This retrospective study aims to analyze the outcome, the prognosis factors and the long-term growth of children after extensive small bowel (SB) resection in the neonatal period. Patients and Methods: 87 children, born between 1975 and 1991 who had undergone extensive neonatal small bowel resection, were followed up over a mean period of 15 years. Anatomical data influencing PN dependency and duration were analyzed. Data on height and weight were collected and compared using growth standards. Final heights were studied for patients who achieved their puberty and compared to predicted height based on Tanner's formula. Patients were analyzed according to PN weaning and growth: children still receiving PN (group A), patients weaned from initial PN but requiring PN once again or enteral feeding (group B), and children with permanent intestinal autonomy (group C). Results: The overall survival is 89.7%, depending on the date of birth. The duration of PN-dependency varies according to the intestinal length and the presence of the ileocaecal valve (ICV). All patients who remain PN dependent had less than 40 cm of small bowel and/or the absence of ICV. Patients in group B had a mean small bowel length of 35 ± 19 cm, resection of the ICV in 50% of cases, and a PN duration of 47.4 ± 23.8 months. There was a significant decrease in height and weight gain within the 4 years after cessation of PN, requiring enteral or parenteral feeding. Patients in group C had a mean small bowel length of 57 ± 19 cm, presence of ICV in 81% of cases and a PN duration of 16.1 ± 11.4 months. After PN weaning, they grow up normally with normal puberty and final height as predicted from genetic target height. Conclusion: PN duration is influenced by the length of residual SB and the absence of ICV. With good anatomic prognosis factors and short duration of initial PN, normal long-term growth may be predicted. Conversely, poor anatomical factors and protracted initial PN require careful monitoring of growth and may sometimes require nutritional support to be restarted. The last group, permanently dependent on PN, might be candidates for intestinal transplantation. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart. ER  - 
AFP/β-HCG secreting CNS germ cell tumors: Long-term outcome with respect to initial symptoms and primary tumor resection. Results of the cooperative trial MAKEI 89; Purpose: The aim of the present study was to evaluate survival and factors influencing long-term outcome of patients with AFP/β-HCG secreting (non-seminomatous) central nervous system germ cell tumors (secCNSGCT), who were prospectively collected in the cooperative MAKEI (German: maligne Keimzelltumoren) 89 protocol. Patients and Methods: Between January 1989 and January 1994, 28 patients with secCNS GCT were registered and treated according to the MAKEI 89 protocol. The protocol recommended, after a clinically or histologically proven diagnosis and cisplatin-based chemotherapy, a resection of residual tumor and craniospinal irradiation (30 Gy) with a tumor boost (20 Gy). Results: The estimated (Kaplan-Meier) event-free survival (EFS) of protocol patients is 0.57 ± 0.09 (n = 28) and the relapse-free survival (RFS) is 0.67 ± 0.10 (at five and ten years). With respect to long-term survival, the combination of marked neurological symptoms at diagnosis along with primary tumor resection seem to be the main negative prognostic risk factors (Fisher exact test p < 0.05). CNS dissemination at diagnosis can also be considered as a negative risk factor as 3 of 5 patients with primary dissemination died of the disease. Conclusion: Cisplatin-based three agent chemotherapy followed by resection of the residual tumor and craniospinal irradiation (CSI) with tumor boost is a successful and well-tolerated treatment for secCNSGCTs. The possibility of a clinical diagnosis based on MRI and tumor markers together with the use of modern neurosurgical techniques gives us the chance to postpone or even avoid major surgery. This gives an additional chance to reduce acute morbidity and further decrease late effects. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart. ER  - 
Evaluation of insulin resistance and lipid profile in turner syndrome; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the presence of insulin resistance (IR) and changes in lipid profile in Turner Syndrome (TS), and to check the influence of age, karyotype, systemic arterial hypertension (SAH), height, weight, body mass index (BMI), and pubertal development. PATIENTS AND METHODS: A transversal study of 35 TS patients, confirmed with karyotype (5 to 43 years), without previous use of anabolic steroid or hGH, with evaluation of blood pressure, pubertal development, anthropometric data, measurement of waist (W), hip (H), W to H ratio, total cholesterol, HDL, triglycerides (TGC), LDL, insulin and glucose. HOMA and QUICKI indexes were calculated, as well as glucose to insulin ratio (G/I). Data were examined by the Mann-Whitney and Spearman tests. RESULTS: Ten patients were >20 years. Seventeen had a 45,X karyotype and 6 structural aberrations; differences of the variables in relation to the karyotypes were not observed; 15 were nonpubertal and 20 pubertal; TGC and HOMA were significantly higher in puberty, while G/I was lower. Seven had normal height, 8 had BMI >25 Kg/m2 (6 between 25 and 30, and 2 >30), and 19 W/H >0.85. Cholesterol levels were 180 +/- 42mg% (4 >240); HDL 57 +/- 16mg%; LDL 99 +/- 34 mg%; TGC 108 +/- 96 mg% (2 >200); HOMA 1.01 +/- 0.71; QUICKI 0.4 +/- 0.04 and G/I 23.5 +/- 12.1 (2 <7.0). CONCLUSIONS: Changes were observed in lipid profile independent of age, karyotype, SAH and obesity, but associated with IR. The frequency of IR was lower than described in literature, and seems to be directly linked to chronological age, obesity and estrogen therapy. ER  - 
Childhood obesity treatment: Compliance and outcome over medium term; Obesity is the main nutritional problem in children and its treatment has a poor outcome. Objective: To evaluate conventional medical treatment in a group of obese children and assess their compliance. Methods: 120 obese patients' files were reviewed retrospectively, between january 2001 and january 2002. Nutritional status was recorded at first outpatient visit and after 2, 4, 6 and 12 months of treatment. All patients received dietetic advice and were asked to increase their physical activity. Results: 52% were girls, aged 9,7 ± 3,3 years, W/H: 147,6 ± 20%, and z BMI: 3,4 ± 1,5. 30% of patients abandoned treatment after first visit, with a drop out rate of 23, 10 and 18% after 2, 4 and 6 months. Only 18,3% kept regular control at one year of follow-up, decreasing their W/H in -20,8 ± 13,6%. The latter were more obese at first visit (Anova, p < 0,05) and had a greater initial weight loss (Anova, p > 0,05). There was no difference in age, sex, sexual maturation, or for positive family history of obesity, that allowed predicting clinical outcome. Conclusion: A high percentage of the obese children abandon conventional medical treatment; only 18.3% maintain compliance at 12 months, all of them with significant nutritional improvement. Strategies must be developed to increase compliance. © 2006 Sociedad Chilena de Pediatrbr〉. ER  - 
Homeostasis model assessment is more reliable than the fasting glucose/insulin ratio and quantitative insulin sensitivity check index for assessing insulin resistance among obese children and adolescents; Objective. Simple fasting methods to measure insulin resistance, such as the homeostasis model assessment (HOMA), fasting glucose/insulin ratio (FGIR), and quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI) methods, have been widely promoted for adult studies but have not been evaluated formally among children and adolescents. The aim of this study was to compare the HOMA, FGIR, and QUICKI methods for measuring insulin resistance, expressed by oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) results, among obese children and adolescents. Methods. Fifty-seven pubertal obese children and adolescents (30 girls and 27 boys; mean age, 12.04 ± 2.90 years; mean BMI: 29.57 ± 5.53) participated in the study. All participants underwent an OGTT. Blood samples were obtained 0, 30, 60, 90, and 120 minutes after oral glucose administration for glucose and insulin measurements, and 2 separate groups were studied, according to the presence or absence of insulin resistance. HOMA, FGIR, and QUICKI methods were studied for validation of insulin resistance determined with the OGTT for these groups. Results. The groups consisted of 25 obese children and adolescents with insulin resistance (14 girls and 11 boys; mean age: 12.88 ± 2.88 years; mean BMI: 31.29 ± 5.86) and 32 subjects without insulin resistance (16 girls and 16 boys; mean age: 11.38 ± 2.79 years; mean BMI: 28.23 ± 4.94). There were significant differences in the mean HOMA (6.06 ± 4.98 and 3.42 ± 3.14, respectively) and QUICKI (0.313 ± 0.004 and 0.339 ± 0.004, respectively) values between the 2 groups. Sensitivity and specificity calculations based on insulin resistance with receiver operating characteristic curve analysis indicated that HOMA had high sensitivity and specificity for measuring insulin resistance. Conclusions. As a measure of insulin resistance among children and adolescents, HOMA is more reliable than FGIR and QUICKI. The present HOMA cutoff point for diagnosis of insulin resistance is 3.16. The HOMA cutoff point of >2.5 is valid for adults but not for adolescents. Copyright © 2005 by the American Academy of Pediatrics. ER  - 
Insulin sensitivity indices of glucose and free fatty acid metabolism in obese children and adolescents in relation to serum lipids; Objective: Most studies concerning the association between insulin resistance and the features of metabolic syndrome in obese children are based on measurement of insulin sensitivity indices (ISI) of glucose metabolism and not of fat metabolism. Methods: We studied fasting low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), triglycerides, insulin, free fatty acids (FFA), blood glucose, ISI of glucose (homeostasis model assessment [HOMA] %S), and FFA metabolism (ISI-FFA) in 124 obese children aged 6 to 16 years. ISI-FFA was calculated based on the formula 2/(insulin × FFA + 1). Stepwise forward regression analyses were performed with triglycerides, HDL-C and LDL-C as dependent variables and age, sex, stage of puberty, body mass index, insulin, FFA, and blood glucose as independent variables. Direct multiple regression analyses were conducted with the dependent variables triglycerides, HDL-C, and LDL-C including age, sex, stage of puberty, body mass index, HOMA %S, and ISI-FFA as independent variables. Furthermore, ISI-FFA was measured in 13 normal-weight children aged 6 to 16 years. Results: ISI-FFA (median 0.30) was significantly (P < .05) reduced in obese children compared with normal-weight children (median ISI-FFA 0.64). In stepwise regression analyses, triglycerides were significantly correlated with insulin and FFA (P < .05), LDL-C levels were significantly correlated with FFA (P < .05), and HDL-C was related to stage of puberty (P < .05), whereas all other variables demonstrated no significant associations with triglycerides, LDL-C, and HDL-C levels. In contrast to HOMA %S, ISI-FFA was significantly (P < .05) related to triglycerides and LDL-C in direct multiple regression analysis. Conclusions: Insulin resistance in respect to FFA metabolism is already detectable in childhood. Insulin sensitivity index of FFA metabolism seems to be a better tool for describing insulin resistance in lipid metabolism than ISI of glucose metabolism, because FFA and partially insulin but not glucose were related to triglycerides and LDL-C. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The case for biennial retinopathy screening in children and adolescents; OBJECTIVE - Current guidelines recommend annual retinopathy screening 2 years after onset (for pubertal-onset type 1 diabetes) and after 5 years (or age 11, whichever is earlier) for prepubertal onset. Our aim was to describe the natural history of retinopathy and to explore optimal retinal screening intervals for children and adolescents (aged <20 years) screened according to these guidelines. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - More than 1,000 children and adolescents, followed longitudinally, were screened for retinopathy using seven-field stereoscopic fundus photography through dilated pupils. Of these, 668 had baseline and follow-up retinal screening. Using generalized estimating equations, we compared the risk of retinopathy with baselines at yearly intervals, in older and younger groups, in higher risk groups (diabetes duration >10 years or HbA1c >10% at any screening), and after stratification ≤10 and <10 years in duration. RESULTS - After 1 year, retinopathy did not increase significantly in the older group (n = 618, median HbA1c 8.7%, range 8.0-9.5), younger group (n = 50, median HbA 1c 8.5%, range 8.0-9.2), or the higher-risk groups. Retinopathy increased significantly after 2 years in the older group (P = 0.003) but not until 6 years in the younger group (P = 0.01). In the group with HbA 1c >10% recorded at any visit, retinopathy increased significantly after 2 years (P = 0.001) but not until 3 years in the group whose HbA 1c was always ≤10% (P = 0.003). After the second eye assessment, retinopathy did not increase significantly until 3 and 6 years later in the older and younger groups, respectively (P = 0.028 and 0.014). CONCLUSIONS - These results suggest that adolescents (in reasonable metabolic control) could safely be screened every 2 years rather than the currently recommended 1-year interval. In younger children, the next screening interval could be >2 years later. Individuals with especially poor control, duration >10 years, or significant retinopathy should be screened more frequently. © 2005 by the American Diabetes Association. ER  - 
Relationship between plasma leptin, insulin and tumor necrosis factor alpha in obese children; Objectives: 1. To evaluate the relationship between plasma leptin and TNFα concentrations in obese children and to assess the differences between hyperinsulinemic and normoinsulinemic groups. 2. To evaluate the relationship between plasma leptin and insulin levels in obese children. 3. To investigate the TNFα G308A mutation in obese children. Methods: Body mass index (BMI), fasting plasma glucose and insulin levels, oral glucose tolerance test results, homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) results, and plasma leptin and TNFα concentrations were evaluated in obese children (n = 45) and age- and gender-matched, lean healthy controls (n = 40). Results: In obese children the fasting insulin, HOMA-IR results, plasma leptin and TNFα concentrations were significantly higher than in controls (p <0.05). Furthermore, obese females showed higher plasma leptin and insulin resistance compared to obese males. While plasma leptin, TNFα levels and HOMA-IR results were similar in the prepubertal and pubertal groups, insulin levels were significantly higher in the pubertal group. Plasma leptin and TNFα concentrations were similar in hyperinsulinemic and normoinsulinemic obese children. In control children, plasma leptin concentrations showed a positive correlation with BMI, age, fasting insulin and HOMA-IR results. In obese children, plasma leptin levels did not correlate with BMI, fasting insulin or TNFα. Conclusion: Plasma leptin concentrations did not show any correlation with TNFα levels in obese children. Furthermore, plasma leptin and TNFα concentrations were similar in hyperinsulinemic and normoinsulinemic obese children. © Freund Publishing House Ltd., London. ER  - 
Serum markers of GH and insulin action in 12-year-old children born small for gestational age; Objectives: Our aim was to determine whether markers of growth hormone and insulin action differ between children born small for gestational age (SGA) and those born of an appropriate size for gestational age (AGA). Design: Fifty-five SGA children and their 55 age- and sex-matched AGA control subjects were studied in a case-control setting at 12 years of age. Methods: We examined serum concentrations of insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-I, IGF-II, IGF-binding protein (IGFBP)-1 and IGFBP-3, sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG), leptin, fasting insulin, and blood glucose. Insulin sensitivity was evaluated by the homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). Results: The body mass index (BMI), sex, and puberty-adjusted mean serum IGF-I concentration was higher in the SGA than in the AGA children (303.4 vs 282.3 μg/l, P = 0.006). The mean serum concentrations of IGF-II, IGFBP-I, IGFBP-3, SHBG, fasting insulin, blood glucose and HOMA-IR did not differ between the SGA and the AGA group. The BMI, sex, and puberty-adjusted mean serum leptin concentration was lower in the SGA than in the AGA children (7.9 vs 10.1 μg/l, P = 0.037). In multiple logistic regression analysis, high HOMA-IR predicted high serum IGF-I levels in the SGA children (odds ratio 8.3; 95% confidence interval 1.7-41; P = 0.010), whereas in the AGA group HOMA-IR did not associate with the serum IGF-I level. Conclusions: The BMI, sex, and puberty-adjusted mean serum IGF-I concentration was significantly higher and the leptin concentration was lower in the SGA than in the AGA children. No differences were found in the indices of insulin action or sensitivity between the SGA and AGA children at 12 years of age. However, HOMA-IR strongly associated with serum IGF-I levels in the SGA children. © 2005 Society of the European Journal of Endocrinology. ER  - 
Age at menarche, abnormal glucose tolerance and type 2 diabetes mellitus: The Rancho Bernardo Study; Objective: We examined the association of age at menarche with risk of abnormal glucose tolerance (AGT) and type 2 diabetes in postmenopausal women. Methods: Participants were 997 women aged 50-92 years who had a clinic visit in 1984-87, when reproductive and diabetes history were recorded, and an oral glucose tolerance test administered. Information on age at menarche was collected in 1989. Diabetes status was based on WHO 1999 criteria, and AGT on having impaired fasting glucose (IFG) or impaired glucose tolerance (IGT). Results: The average age was 69.5 years; 12.5% had diabetes and 29.8% had AGT. Menarche was < 12 years in 14.5%, 12-15 years in 78.9% and ≥ 16 years in 6.6%. Age and body mass index (BMI) predicted AGT (p < 0.001, p = 0.003, respectively), while age, BMI and family history of diabetes predicted type 2 diabetes (p < 0.001, p < 0.001, p = 0.02, respectively). Polynomial logistic regression showed no association of menarche with AGT or type 2 diabetes risk. In linear regressions, however, older age at menarche was associated with lower fasting (p = 0.01) and post-challenge plasma glucose (p = 0.03). Covariates, especially BMI, weakened these associations, although women with menarche ≥ 16 years still had lower post-challenge (0.86 mmol/l, p = 0.05) and fasting glucose (0.26 mmol/l, p = 0.11) than those with menarche < 12 years. Conclusions: Age at menarche was not associated with AGT or type 2 diabetes risk. Late age at menarche was inversely associated with fasting and post-challenge glycemia. Obesity may mediate the observed associations. © 2005 International Menopause Society. ER  - 
Serum ferritin level as a predictor of impaired growth and puberty in thalassemia major patients; Objective: Previous studies suggested that in patients with thalassemia major, initiating deferoxamine (DFO) therapy before puberty can prevent iron-induced failure of growth and puberty. However, early initiation of chelation has also been associated with DFO toxicity. The aim of this retrospective study was to determine the prevalence rates of endocrine complications and DFO bone toxicity in our thalassemia major patients and to correlate them with the degree of iron chelation. Methods: Thirty-nine patients with thalassemia major were followed for a median of 16.3 yr (range 2-28). Individual mean serum ferritin level during the study period was calculated using repeated annual measurements. Bone DFO toxicity was assessed by wrist and spine radiographs; endocrine dysfunction by anthropometric measurements and pubertal stage; and hypogonadotropic hypogonadism by lack of luteinizing hormone response to gonadotropin-releasing hormone. Results: Chelation therapy was initiated at median age 4.9 yr. Mean serum ferritin level during the study period was 2698 ± 1444 ng/mL. Hypogonadism was noted in 59% of the patients who reached pubertal age, and short stature was found in 36% of patients who reached final height. Mean ferritin level of 2500 ng/mL during puberty was the cut-off for hypogonadism, and ferritin level of 3000 ng/mL during prepuberty was the cut-off for final short stature. None of the patients who attained final height had signs of DFO bone toxicity. Conclusions: High serum ferritin levels during puberty are a risk factor for hypogonadism, and high serum ferritin levels during the first decade of life predict final short stature. It remains to be determined whether improving chelation by earlier initiation of DFO or by the combined use of DFO and deferiprone will lead to better growth and sexual development without DFO toxicity. ER  - 
Increasing urine albumin excretion is associated with growth hormone hypersecretion and reduced clearance of insulin in adolescents and young adults with type 1 diabetes: The Oxford Regional Prospective Study; Hypothesis: We previously described lower insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) levels in association with increased microalbuminuria (MA) risk in type 1 diabetic subjects followed from diabetes diagnosis through puberty into adulthood. By inference lower IGF-I levels may be associated with higher GH levels and changes in insulin sensitivity. Methods: To test this hypothesis, microalbuminuric subjects (MA+, n = 14) from the same cohort had overnight GH levels measured during euglycaemia (5 mmol/1, 01:00-07:30 h) maintained by a variable rate insulin infusion followed by a 2-step hyperinsulinaemic, euglycaemic clamp study using [6.6 2H2] glucose, and were compared to MA- controls (MA-, n = 14), matched for age (median 19.3 years, range 15.8-30.5), sex, duration of diabetes (11.1 years, range 5.1-16.4). Results: In MA+ cases GH levels, measured by the Pulsar programme, were higher (baseline; 1.8 ± 1.4 vs. 0.7 ± 0.5 ng/ml, P = 0.02, mean; 3.8 ± 1.3 vs. 2.6 ± 1.6 ng/ml, P = 0.03, maximum; 16.7 ± 7.0 vs. 12.3 ± 5.4, P = 0.02), despite similar HbA1c levels (9.8% vs. 9.6%, P = 0.6) and body or truncal fat mass. Fourier transform revealed increased GH pulse amplitude at all periodicities and overnight insulin clearance was reduced (11.7 ± 6.9 vs. 20.1 ± 6-5 ml/kg/min, P < 0.02). In multiple regression analysis, urine albumin excretion was associated with higher GH levels and reduced insulin clearance, independent of HbA1 c and body composition. In female cases (n = 9), dextrose requirements were reduced during the first step of the euglycaemic clamp (1.7 ± 0.8 vs. 2.7 ± 1.4, P < 0.05) but no such differences existed in males or in the rate of glucose production or disposal. Conclusion: The development of MA during puberty and young adulthood is associated with higher GH levels and abnormalities in insulin metabolism, particularly in females. These data extend support for our previous findings indicating a role for the GH/IGF-I axis in the pathogenesis of MA. ER  - 
Low-grade systemic inflammation, hypoadiponectinemia and a high concentration of leptin are present in very young obese children, and correlate with metabolic syndrome; Objective: To determine the concentration levels of C-reactive protein (CRP), leptin and adiponectin in obese pre-pubertal children, and their possible relation with metabolic syndrome, fibrinogen and plasminogen activator inhibitor-1. Methods: A study was carried out in 51 obese children (aged 6 to 9 years) and the same number of non-obese children (control group), matched by age and sex. (Cross-sectional study of obese children). Body mass index (BMI), waist/hip ratio (WHR) and blood pressure were determined for each child. Serum CRP, leptin, adiponectin, glucose, insulin, lipid profile, plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1) and fibrinogen were all measured. Results: The levels of CRP serum (1.67 ± 0.222 vs 0.92 ± 0.16 mg/l) and leptin (15.56 ± 1.27 vs 4.68 ± 0.62 ng/ml) were significantly higher in obese children. The adiponectin level was significantly higher in non-obese children (11.58 ± 0.63 vs 9.64 ± 0.49 μg/dl). In the obese group, log. CRP showed a positive correlation with BMI, insulin, homeostasis model assessment (HOMA), triglycerides, alanine aminotransferase (ALT), uric acid, PAI-1, fibrinogen and interleukin 6 (IL-6), and correlated negatively with apolipoprotein A-I and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C). The leptin was positively correlated with BMI, insulin, HOMA, triglycerides and PAI-1 and negatively with Apo A-I and HDL-C. Adiponectin correlated negatively with BMI, insulin, HOMA, and triglycerides. Conclusions: Low-grade systemic inflammation, elevated leptin concentration and low adiponectin level are described in very young obese children, correlating with a range of variables of metabolic syndrome. Inflammation and adipocytokines can play an important role in the etiopathogeny of metabolic syndrome. © 2005 Masson, all rights reserved. ER  - 
Diabetic nephropathy in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus in Bahrain; Objectives: Children and adolescent patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) may have an increased risk of developing diabetic nephropathy (DNP). The incidence of DNP varies with glycemic control, and peaks after 15-20 years of diabetes and decline thereafter. Microalbuminuria is uncommon before puberty, and usually occurs after 5 years of diabetic duration. Once overt DNP is established, a progressive decline in the glomerular filtration rate and elevation in arterial blood pressure occurs, and it is the most important disorder leading to renal failure in adult patients with diabetes in developed countries. The purpose of this study was to screen all the children and adolescent with T1DM of 5 years duration or more for DNP. Methods: Between April 2000 and February 2001, all patients with T1DM of more than 5 years, who were diagnosed between years 1985 to 1995 and followed by pediatricians at Salmaniya Medical Complex, Kingdom of Bahrain, were screened for DNP. Medical records were reviewed for demographical data, blood for hemoglobin Alc (HbAlc), fasting sugar and renal function test. The presence of DNP, retinopathy and neuropathy and the medications were also reviewed. DNP was diagnosed by urine microscopy, overnight urine collection for albumin to creatinine ratio, or 24-hour urine for protein, and the medications. Results: Diabetic nephropathy was diagnosed in 10 patients (31%), 2 with microalbuminuria (incipient nephropathy), and 8 with proteinuria (clinical nephropathy). Diabetic nephropathy was diagnosed at a mean of 10.5 years after the onset of T1DM. The mean age was 18 years for the DNP. Mean HbA1c was 11.8% for DNP and 10.2% for non-nephropathy group. All the patients with DNP were treated with an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor, 5 of them had hypertension. None developed renal failure or retinopathy. Conclusion: Microalbuminuria is uncommon before 5 years of the onset of T1DM. Screening for microalbuminuria should be performed in adolescent over 12 years of age, with diabetes of more than 5 years duration and persistent hyperglycemia (HbA1c > 11%). ER  - 
Racial difference in circulating sex hormone-binding globulin levels in prepubertal boys; Racial differences in disease risk (eg, osteoporosis, metabolic cardiovascular syndrome, and prostate cancer) may arise partly on a hormonal basis. While reports of racial differences in gonadal steroid hormone levels in middle-aged men have produced conflicting results, there is evidence that high sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) and estradiol levels are more common among young adult African American men than white men. To determine whether this difference relates to pituitary-testicular functioning or to other factors, we conducted a cross-sectional study of 47 healthy prepubertal African American and white boys aged 5 to 9 years at the time of their annual school physical examination. Height, weight, blood pressure, waist and hip circumference, and Tanner staging were determined, and a fasting blood sample was obtained. The African Americans studied were slightly older than the whites (mean ± SD, 82.4 ± 15.0 vs 70.5 ± 10.3 months, P =. 003). African Americans were also slightly taller and heavier and had a lower waist-to-hip ratio, but these differences could be explained by the difference in age. Mean SHBG levels were 25% higher (P =. 15) in African Americans than in whites (197 ± 104 vs 157 ± 79 nmol/L), and when adjusted for age, values were 46 nmol/L higher among African Americans. The fifth quintile for SHBG (values > 245 nmol/L) included 1 (4.2%) of 24 whites and 8 (35%) of 23 African Americans studied (P =. 003). There was no significant correlation between age, body mass index, waist circumference, or fasting insulin and SHBG. Total testosterone, the free androgen index, and dehydroepiandrosterone increased with age in both groups, but after adjusting for age, no racial differences were found. Estradiol, estrone, and inhibin B levels, as well as systolic and diastolic blood pressures, were also comparable in both groups. We conclude that high levels of SHBG are more common among African American than in white boys and hypothesize that this difference and its effect on the ratio between bound and free steroid hormones may contribute to racial differences in disease risk in adult men. © 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Long-term endocrine effects of cancer treatment: Experience of the Royal Children's Hospital, Melbourne; Objectives: To evaluate the frequency and degree of severity of endocrine late effects in patients treated for childhood cancer and to assess the value of the late effects clinic for continued monitoring of these patients. Method: Data was collected on all patients who attended the late effects clinic at the Royal Children's Hospital (RCH) between 1998-2003. Endocrine function was assessed by clinical and biochemical evaluation at the time of presentation and at ongoing intervals of 3-12 months as clinically indicated. Results: A total of 249 children attended the late effects clinic. Two hundred and thirty five endocrine diagnoses were made in 155 (62%) patients, of whom 63 patients had multiple endocrinopathies. Conclusion: Our audit supports the need for ongoing prospective surveillance in survivors of childhood cancer. Appropriate and timely interventions in such patients can help to reduce morbidity and improve quality of life. ER  - 
Predictors for treatment failure after laparoscopic electrocautery of the ovaries in women with clomiphene citrate resistant polycystic ovary syndrome; Background: Laparoscopic electrocautery has been put forward as the treatment of choice in women with clomiphene citrate (CC)-resistant polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). In order to make an informed treatment decision it would be helpful if we could identify women with PCOS with a high probability of treatment failure following electrocautery of the ovaries. Methods: Eighty-three women with CC-resistant PCOS were allocated to receive laparoscopic electrocautery followed by CC when anovulation persisted as part of a randomized controlled trial. Multivariable logistic regression analyses using clinical, ultrasonographic and endocrinological parameters were performed to predict (i) failure to ovulate within 8 weeks after electrocautery, and (ii) failure to reach an ongoing pregnancy after electrocautery with or without CC. Results: Of the 83 women, 56 (67%) ovulated within 8 weeks after electrocautery. The model for predicting anovulation after electrocautery included LH/FSH rate, year of menarche and glucose level. Women who were younger at menarche, had a lower LH/FSH ratio and a lower glucose level were more likely to have persistent anovulation. The area under the curve was 0.74. After electrocautery and CC, 41 women reached an ongoing pregnancy. No prognostic parameters could be identified to predict failure to reach an ongoing pregnancy after electrocautery followed by CC. Conclusions: Persistence of anovulation after electrocautery could be predicted and women with a high risk of persisting anovulation could be distinguished. We were, however, not able to predict treatment failure after electrocautery followed by CC. © The Author 2005. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the European Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Co-existence of a second primary malignancy in patients with either ovarian or endometrial cancer; Objective. The aim of publication was the retrospectively analysis patients with ovarian and endometrial cancers at which occurrence second primary malignancies were affirmed. Material and methods. From 1989-1999 117 ovarian and 144 endometrial carcinomas have been evaluated and 33 multiple primary malignant neoplasms were detected. All double neoplasms have been histological recorded, doubtful cases have been excluded. Coexistence of ovarian and endometrial carcinoma with second primary malignant neoplasm was evaluated and controlled for age, parity, menarche age, last menstruation age, length of reproductive period, hypertension, diabetes, body mass index, pelvic inflammatory disease (PID), grading, staging. Results. Two primary cancers coexistence was found in 17 patients with ovarian tumour (14.3%) and in lopatients with endometrial tumour (11.2%). The most often prevalent neoplasm in both groups was breast cancer (5.1%) and (6.4%). In the patients with ovarian cancer, breast cancer was found at much younger age than in patients with endometrial malignancy (p=0.02). It was also observed that breast cancer diagnosis preceded that of ovarian cancer about 11.2 year average and about 3.2 year in women group with endometrial cancer. Stomach cancer however, was diagnosed earlier at the group with endometrial cancer, than at the group with ovarian cancer, and difference was statistically significant (p<0.001). At the group with endometrial cancer morbid obesity was observed statistically significant more often (p=0.03) than at the group with ovarian cancer. Conclusion. Patients with ovarian and endometrial carcinoma should be carefully and regularly followed up by monitoring et every anatomic site, especially the breast, uterus, stomach, and bowel, in order that the development of a second primary carcinoma can be detected as early as possible, and not be overlooked in examinations. ER  - 
Association of aromatase (CYP 19) gene variation with features of hyperandrogenism in two populations of young women; Background: Aromatase catalyses the conversion of androgens to estrogens and thus variation in the aromatase gene could contribute to female syndromes of androgen excess, such as precocious pubarche (PP) and polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS). Methods: Two groups, one case-control containing girls from Barcelona, Spain with PP (n = 186) or healthy controls (n = 71), and the other a population study of young women from Oxford, UK, who volunteered for a study of normal women's health (n = 109), were genotyped at four aromatase gene haplotype-tag single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNP). Clinical features and hormone concentrations relevant to hyperandrogenism were compared across haplotypes or genotypes. Results: Distributions of aromatase haplotypes (P < 0.0001) and aromatase SNP_50 genotype (P = 0.001) were significantly different between PP girls and Spanish controls. The AGGG haplotype was associated with an odds ratio (95% confidence interval) of 0.5 (0.3-0.9) (P = 0.005) for the presence of PP compared to GAGG. In 84 post-pubertal PP girls, aromatase haplotype was associated with functional ovarian hyperandrogenism (P < 0.05), independently of insulin sensitivity. In the Oxford population, SNP_50 was associated with variation in PCOS symptom score (P = 0.008) and circulating testosterone concentrations (P = 0.02). Conclusions: This study suggests that common variation at the aromatase gene (and not just rare loss-of-function mutations) is associated with androgen excess in girls and young women. © The Author 2005. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the European Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Percentile distribution of the waist circumference among Mexican pre-adolescents of a primary school in Mexico City; Aim: The aim of this study is to describe the percentile distribution of the waist circumference in Mexican prepubertal children living in an urban, middle-income area. Methods: Children, aged 6-10, from a primary school, located in a middle-income area in Mexico City were included (n=833). Anthropometric measurements were made in the case of all children by using standardized procedures. Results: The prevalence of obesity and overweight was greater among boys (p < 0.001). Of them, 30 were obese (7.2%) and 47 were overweight (11.4%). Girls had a prevalence of obesity of 2.8% and of overweight of 8.8%. Boys had greater waist circumference than girls (p < 0.001). This observation was independent from differences in age or body mass index (BMI). The distribution of the waist circumference was shifted towards higher values among boys. The values corresponding to the 85th percentile ranged, in boys aged 6-10, between 62.9 and 85.9 cm. By contrast, for girls, those values were 66.8 and 72.08 cm, respectively. A receiver-operator curve was constructed in order to identify the waist circumference most likely to be associated with a BMI of > 85th percentile. We found that age- and sex-specific cut-off points are required for the detection of central adiposity in children aged 6-10. Conclusions: The percentile distribution of the waist circumference in Mexican pre-pubertal children living in urban, middle-income areas is described in this study. Moreover, included are the cut-off points most likely to be associated with increased adiposity. This information can be used for defining abdominal obesity in paediatric populations. © 2004 Blackwell Publishing Ltd. ER  - 
Prevalence and risk factors for diabetic retinopathy in Turkey; There is no multicenter study defining the prevalence of diabetic retinopathy in Turkish population. With the coordination of Department of Eye Diseases, Gulhane Military Medical Academy, prevalence and risk factors for diabetic retinopathy were aimed to be defined in this study. This cross-sectional prevalence study was started by the preliminary decision of 1996-1998 officials of Medical Retina Division of The Turkish Ophthalmologic Society and held in 14 different centers in the year of 2000. Data from those centers were collected at Gulhane Military Medical Academy, and analytic and statistical studies were performed. The prevalence of diabetic retinopathy was found 30.5% in 2362 patients included in this study. It was 31.2% in 215 patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus; 27.7% in 47 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus for the patients diagnosed before the age of 30, 50.5% in 560 patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, 22.7% in 1480 patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus for the patients who were diagnosed after the age of 30. Duration of diabetes was the most significant risk factor for development of diabetic retinopathy in patients with diagnosis of diabetes before the age of 30. Other significant risk factors were the use of insulin in the treatment, age at the diagnosis, male sex, and low body mass index. Periodical fundus examination has to be performed in patients with diagnosis of diabetes at the age 30 or older; since diabetic retinopathy increases significantly after puberty, and this examination is generally not necessary before puberty. The prevalence of diabetic retinopathy was 9.8%, and the prevalence of proliferative diabetic retinopathy was 0.7% at the time of diagnosis. The early diagnosis of the patients with diabetes at the age of 30 or older and retinal examinations of those patients will lead to earlier diagnosis; and the treatment of diabetic retinopathy may decrease the rate of blindness from diabetes. © Gülhane Askeri Tip Akademisi 2005. ER  - 
Ovary tumours in adolescents and young women; Phenomenon of heterogeneous ovary tumours is probably the result of activity of the whole series of various factors, which play significant role in genesis, development and classification of tumours. In the age of puberty and adolescence, as a transitional period from childhood to adulthood, it is not rarely seen that due to the influence of hormone regulation, social environment and psychophysical stability, the break of correlation of the mentioned factors can imperil reproductive health of young people. That is the moment when the illnesses of reproductive system become noteworthy for the first time. Thus the immense role of juvenile gynecology is to preserve reproductive health of adolescent girls by preventive health education. The most frequent illnesses of ovary are in tight connection with ovary tumour changes, which could have influence on the normal function of the ovary. ER  - 
Adult height in sixty girls with Turner syndrome treated with growth hormone matched with an untreated group; The main clinical feature of Turner syndrome (TS) is growth failure, with a mean spontaneous adult height ranging between 136 and 147 cm, according to the specific curves of various populations. Though a classical deficiency of GH has not been generally demonstrated, GH has been administered since 1980 in trials, using replacement doses just initially, with a subsequent trend to increase it. We report the outcome of GH therapy given at the fixed dose of 0.33 mg/kg/week in 60 TS girls observed until adult height; 59 untreated TS girls, matched for auxological, karyotypical characteristics and time of observation, born within the same decade served as controls to evaluate GH efficacy. The calculation of the gain in cm over PAH was performed on specific Italian Turner curves, as well as height evaluation as SD score and growth velocity. The same calculations were made using Lyon references and Tanner standards. The mean CA at the beginning of GH treatment was 10.9±2.76 yr (range 4.5-15.9). Mean adult height of treated group was 151±6.1 cm with a gain over the PAH calculated at start of therapy (142.9±5.3 cm) of 8.2±3.9 cm. Ns change was observed between the PAH at first observation (143.6±7.0 cm) and adult height (144.3±5.6 cm) in the control group. Treatment was well tolerated, no relevant side effects were observed, glucose metabolism resulted no more affected than in untreated subjects, IGF-1 levels remained within 2 SD. Our results in 60 TS girls, though the dose remained unchanged throughout the treatment, show a good response, characterized by a striking variability in each patient (mean gain in cm over PAH at adult height of 8.17±3.9, range 3-21 cm), and significant also in comparison with the control group. As the chronological age at start of therapy ranged between 4.5 to 15.9 yr, the results were further evaluated dividing the patients into two groups, according to the age, < or > 11 yr. Thirty girls were < 11 yr (mean 8.7±1.76 yr) and 30 were > 11 yr (mean 13.2±1.4 yr). The gain in cm over the PAH in each group was, respectively, 8.1±3.4 and 8.2±4.3 cm without any significant difference between the two groups, showing no negative correlation between the CA at the beginning of GH and the response to treatment. ©2005, Editrice Kurtis. ER  - 
Nationwide cross-sectional survey of 3560 children and adolescents with diabetes in Italy; Clinical characteristics and metabolic control in a large cohort of children with Type 1 diabetes (T1DM) were evaluated. Fifty-three Italian centers for childhood diabetes collected blood samples and clinical records from 3560 consecutive eligible patients aged 1.6-17.10 yr with disease duration >12 months. HbA1c determinations were centralized in a Diabetes Control and Complications Trial-controlled laboratory. HbA1c grand mean was 8.87±1.77%. Thirty-two percent of the patients had HbA1c values <8.0%. Puberty and disease duration were the main determinants of increase in HbA1c levels (<0.001). HbA1c values were inversely correlated to the frequency of blood glucose monitoring (p<0.001). Among the total population, 53.7% of the patients had 4 or more injections per day, 37.8% three injections, 7.4% ≤2 injections and only 1.1% was on pumps. Daily number of injections increased with age (p<0.001). Hypoglycemia episodes were reported in 17.6% patient-years and diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA) in 1.0% of children, more frequently in those with HbA1c >8.8% (p<0.02). Two thirds of Italian children with T1DM have HbA 1c>8% despite regionalized centers, multidisciplinary team approach, free access to appropriate diabetes care, education, frequent blood glucose monitoring and multiple insulin injections. ©2005, Editrice Kurtis. ER  - 
The relation of sugar intake to β cell function in overweight Latino children; Background: Few studies have investigated the association between sugar intake and insulin dynamics in children, and none have examined this association in overweight Latino youth. Objective: We aimed to examine the relation between dietary components, especially sugar intake, and insulin dynamics in overweight Latino youth. Design: We examined 63 overweight Latino children aged 9-13 y. Dietary intake was determined by 3-d records, and body composition was measured with dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry. Insulin sensitivity (SI), acute insulin response (AIR), and disposition index (an index of β cell function) were measured by using a frequently sampled intravenous-glucose- tolerance test and minimal modeling. Hierarchical regression analysis ascertained the potential independent relation between insulin dynamics and dietary components. Results: The relation between macronutrient intake and any variable related to insulin dynamics was not significant. However, higher total sugar intake, although not related to SI, was significantly associated with lower AIR (β = -0.296, P = 0.045) and lower β cell function (β = -0.421, P = 0.043), independent of the covariates age, sex, body composition, Tanner stage, and energy intake. Sugar-sweetened beverage intakes trended toward inverse association with lower AIR (β = -0.219, P = 0.072) and β cell function (β = -0.298, P = 0.077). Conclusions: In overweight Latino children, higher intakes of sugar and sugar-sweetened beverages were associated with lower AIR and disposition index, which suggested that these children already have early signs of poor β cell function. These results emphasize the need for early nutritional interventions to reduce daily sugar intake in overweight Latino children and potentially reduce their risk for type 2 diabetes. © 2005 American Society for Nutrition. ER  - 
Endogenous hormones and risk of breast cancer in postmenopausal women; Multiple lines of evidence support a central role of hormones in the etiology of breast cancer. In epidemiologic studies, considerable effort has focused on delineating the role of endogenous hormones in risk of breast cancer among postmenopausal women. Recently, substantial additional data has accrued from prospective studies where endogenous hormones are measured in study subjects prior to disease diagnosis. In this review, the epidemiologic evidence linking sex steroids, prolactin and insulin-like growth factors (IGF) with subsequent risk of breast cancer in postmenopausal women is summarized and evaluated. Overall, a strong positive association between breast cancer risk and circulating levels of both estrogens and androgens has now been well confirmed; women with hormone levels in the top 20% of the distribution (versus bottom 20% have a 2- to 3-fold higher risk of breast cancer. Accumulating data also indicate a significant positive association with prolactin levels, although additional confirmation is needed. In contrast, no important link has been found between circulating levels of IGF-I (and its binding protein, IGFBP-3) and breast cancer risk in postmenopausal women. © 2005,2006 IOS Press. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Endocrine disorders in β-thalassemia major: Cross-sectional data; Chronic transfusion regimen and chelating therapy has dramatically improved the life expectancy of thalassemic patients. The aim of this study was to assess the prevalence of endocrine disturbances in patients with beta-thalassemia major. Subjects were 64 patients with a mean age of 19.45 ± 6.82 years found in haematological care at the National Institute of Transfusional Haematology. All the patients were evaluated clinically and biologically. LH, FSH, estradiol, testosterone, TSH, free T4, insulin were measured by chemiluminescence; mean ferritin value was used to assess iron overload. Fifty one patients (79.68%) -27 male and 24 female in our group were at pubertal or adult age. Eleven boys (40.74%) had delayed puberty, 10 (37%) arrested puberty and 4 (14.8%) had reached complete sexual maturation. In the female group, 6 (25%) had delayed puberty, 4 (16.66%) arrested puberty and 14 (58.32%) reached full sexual development. Half of both the male and female patients with complete sexual maturation had hypogonadotropic hypogonadism at the evaluation moment. Moreover, 34 (53.12%) of our patients had pathological short stature, 11 (17.18%) primary hypothyroidism, 5 (7.8%) hypoparathyroidism, 3 (4.68%) diabetes mellitus and 6 (9.37%) insulin resistance. We found a significantly higher mean ferritin value in patients with endocrine disturbances of any type compared to subjects without endocrinopathies. In conclusion, our data showed that hypogonadism and short stature were the most frequently found endocrine disturbances. Early form of hypogonadism had a major clinical impact on sexual development and final height. These results suggest that early endocrine evaluation and treatment are necessary in order to improve the quality of life of these patients. ER  - 
CYP17 gene polymorphism in relation to breast cancer risk: a case-control study; INTRODUCTION: The c.1-34T>C 5' promoter region polymorphism in cytochrome P450c17 (CYP17), a key enzyme in the biosynthesis of estrogen, has been associated with breast cancer risk, but most previous studies have been relatively small. METHODS: We genotyped 1,544 incident cases of primary breast cancer and 1,502 population controls, all postmenopausal Swedish women, for the CYP17 c.1-34T>C polymorphism and calculated odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) from logistic regression models. RESULTS: No overall association was found between CYP17 c.1-34T>C and breast cancer risk, OR 1.0 (95% CI 0.8-1.3) for the A2/A2 (CC) carriers compared to the A1/A1 (TT) carriers, regardless of histopathology. We detected an interaction between CYP17 c.1-34T>C and age at menarche (P = 0.026) but regarded that as a chance finding as no dose-response pattern was evident. Other breast cancer risk factors, including menopausal hormone use and diabetes mellitus, did not modify the overall results. CONCLUSION: It is unlikely that CYP17 c.1-34T>C has a role in breast cancer etiology, overall or in combination with established non-genetic breast cancer risk factors. ER  - 
Impact of adolescence and gender on asthma hospitalization: A population-based birth cohort study; Our objective was to determine the impact of gender and age on asthma hospitalization rates among children. We used a population-based retrospective birth cohort study to determine yearly age- and gender-specific asthma hospitalization rates between ages 2-18 years in a cohort of all children born in Washington State between 1980-1985. In addition, we assessed factors associated with the hospitalization of a given child for asthma both before and during adolescence, and factors associated with an initial asthma hospitalization during adolescence. Outcome measures included age- and gender-specific rates of hospitalization for asthma, diabetes, seizures/epilepsy, and nonasthma respiratory diagnoses. Asthma hospitalization rates for boys were significantly higher than for girls between ages 2-12 years, the gender gap in asthma hospitalizations reversed between ages 13-14 years, and rates for girls were significantly higher than boys between 16-18 years of age. The male peak asthma hospitalization rate per 100,000 cohort members occurred at age 4 years (12.7; 95% confidence interval (Cl), 11.1-14.3), and the male trough rate occurred at age 18 years (4.1; 95% Cl, 2.8-5.4), whereas the female peak asthma hospitalization rate occurred at age 17 years (9.4; 95% Cl, 7.8-11) and the female trough rate at age 2 years (5.2; 95% Cl, 4.2-6.2). Age-specific hospitalization rates for diabetes mellitus and epilepsy were similar for boys and girls throughout childhood. Female gender was strongly associated with asthma hospitalization occurring in an individual child both prior to and during adolescence (rate ratio (RR), 2.0; 95% Cl, 1.4-2.9), and was modestly associated with initial hospitalization in adolescence (RR, 1.15; 95% Cl, 1.0-1.3). In conclusion, asthma hospitalization rates for boys and girls exhibit strikingly different patterns during adolescence. Potential explanations for these gender differences include hormonal changes during puberty, or gender-specific differences in environmental exposures such as diet, obesity, allergen exposure, or cigarette smoking. © 2004 Wiley-Liss, Inc. ER  - 
Pubertal changes in serum leptin levels in adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus: A controlled longitudinal study; The mechanism of the pubertal delay seen in some adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus is not entirely clear. Since leptin has been implicated as a neuroendocrine modulator of puberty, we measured serum leptin levels longitudinally in 24 post-'honeymoon' patients with diabetes mellitus (M/F = 15/9) with a mean (± SD) age of 10.5 ± 0.9 years and 26 controls (M/F = 15/11) with a mean age of 10.0 ± 1.1 years. Physical examinations; serum leptin, IGF-I, IGFBP-3 and IGFBP-1 levels; and bone age X-rays were performed annually for up to 48 months. Glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) was measured 2-4 times a year in patients with diabetes mellitus. Serum leptin levels strongly correlated with the body mass index z-scores (BMI-Z) in both controls (r = 0.666, p <0.00001) and diabetic patients (r = 0.577, p <0.00001). Girls had increased serum leptin levels for a given BMI compared to boys (p <0.005). There were no significant differences in serum leptin levels of patients with diabetes mellitus compared to controls, nor were differences seen when the groups were stratified by age, Tanner stage, or gender. There were also no significant correlations between serum leptin levels and degree of metabolic control (i.e. HbA1c or insulin dose standardized for body weight. Although there was no significant diabetes-related or metabolic control-related delay in bone age z-score or pubertal development, there was a significant negative correlation between HbA1c and growth velocity z-score, indicating that children with poor diabetes control had modest but significant slowing of growth. It is concluded that neither pubertal development nor serum leptin levels are significantly altered in adolescents with diabetes mellitus managed with standard therapy. The potential role of leptin in initiation of pubertal development is not easily demonstrable in observational studies. © Freund Publishing House Ltd., London. ER  - 
Ponderal gain, waist-to-hip ratio, and pubertal development in girls with type-1 diabetes mellitus; Objectives: We assessed pubertal development, height, weight, and waist-to-hip ratio (WHR), an index of central adiposity during puberty, in girls with type-1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM), compared to a contemporary control group. Methods: Pubertal development, weight, height and WHR were studied in 100 pubertal girls with T1DM, and were compared to a control group of 576 normal girls (C), recruited from schools with a similar socioeconomic level and ethnicity. The age of onset of various pubertal stages was estimated by using probit analysis. Results: Breast Tanner stage 2 (BT2) began at 8.89±0.11 and 9.10±0.28 yr in C and T1DM, respectively. A delay of 6 months was observed in T1DM for BT3 and BT4 (p<0.05). Menarche occurred 6 months later in girls with T1DM (p=0.03). WHR decreased during puberty in C (p<0.001), but not in T1DM. In girls with T1DM, the body mass index standard deviation score (BMI-SDS) increased throughout puberty (p<0.001), but it was stable in C. In T1DM girls, BMI-SDS, but not hemoglobin A1c levels (HbA1c), was a significant determinant of pubertal development. Final height was similar in T1DM and C. Conclusions: Pubertal development in girls with T1DM occurred earlier than described in historical cohorts, but a later onset of menarche and final stages of breast development were observed. The increase in BMI-SDS and the stability of WHR in girls with T1DM during puberty suggest that this period may be critical for determining later weight gain and body composition in adult women with this condition. © Blackwell Munksgaard, 2004. ER  - 
Prevalence of endocrine complications and short stature in patients with thalassaemia major: A multicenter study by the Thalassaemia International Federation (TIF); Although numerous studies are available in the literature on endocrine complications in thalassaemia, little is known about this subject in developing countries. Therefore, an international multicenter study was conducted in a large series of children and adolescents with β thalassaemia major in order to obtain more information on the prevalence of short stature and endocrine complications in different areas of the world and to elucidate the problems that must be dealt with in the future. A questionnaire was sent to 29 Centres treating a total of 3817 β thalassaemia major patients. Thirty-six per cent of patients were over the age of 16 years. Short stature was present in 31.1% of males and 30.5% of females, and the prevalence of growth hormone deficiency was 7.9% in males and 8.8% in females. Lack of pubertal changes was the most common endocrine complication (40.5%) followed by hypoparathyroidism (6.9%), impaired glucose tolerance (6.5%), insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (3.2%) and primary hypothyroidism (3.2%). The prevalence of endocrine complications differed among centres, particularly for growth hormone deficiency, hypoparathyroidism and hypothyroidism. Compliance to chelation therapy was poor in 51% of patients and serum liver enzymes were high in 65% of patients. Since several endocrine glands may be affected in patients with thalassaemia major, and their life expectancy is now much longer, if is important that physicians be aware of the endocrine abnormalities that may develop. Therefore, periodic evaluation of these problems should be carried out in thalassaemic patients with iron overload, particularly after the age of 11 years, in conclusion, since iron overload and liver damage seem to be the most important factors responsible for endocrine complications, adequate compliance to chelation therapy and rigid precautions against liver infections are imperative. ER  - 
Evolution of glucose intolerance and diabetes in transfused patients with thalassemia; Objective: To study the evolution of glucose disturbances (GD) in patients with thalassemia aged 11-30 years. Design and Methods: A total of 263 patients, classified into three groups on the basis of age, and period of follow-up ranging from 2-10 years, were studied. Evolution of GD was assessed through serial oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTT), based on WHO criteria. Results: At baseline (11-14 years of age) evaluation of OGTT disclosed a prevalence of 16.3% of impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), and zero for diabetic tolerance (DT). Prevalence of IGT increased progressively up to 39% in the following 4 years, but remained constant during the last 6 years of observation. In contrast, DT had a very low prevalence, beginning with 0.5% at 13-16 years, increasing to 2.4% by the age of 21-24 years. Conclusions: During puberty and early adolescence impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) was found in a considerable proportion of thalassemics. In contrast, DT was infrequent and progression to DM was slow. Only 12.4% of patients with IGT developed DT within a period of 10 years. Further studies are necessary to identify all of the factors contributing to abnormalities of glucose metabolism in thalassemic patients. ER  - 
Effects of anorexia nervosa on clinical, hematologic, biochemical, and bone density parameters in community-dwelling adolescent girls; Objective. Anorexia nervosa (AN) is an eating disorder that leads to a number of medical sequelae in adult women and has a mortality rate of 5.6% per decade; known complications include effects on hematologic, biochemical, bone density, and body composition parameters. Few data regarding medical and developmental consequences of AN are available for adolescents, in particular for an outpatient community-dwelling population of girls who have this disorder. The prevalence of AN is increasing in adolescents, and it is the third most common chronic disease in adolescent girls. Therefore, it is important to determine the medical effects of this disorder in this young population. Methods. We examined clinical characteristics and performed hematologic, biochemical, hormonal, and bone density evaluations in 60 adolescent girls with AN (mean age: 15.8 ± 1.6 years) and 58 healthy adolescent girls (mean age: 15.2 ± 1.8 years) of comparable maturity. Nutritional and pubertal status; vital signs; a complete blood count; potassium levels; hormonal profiles; bone density at the lumbar and lateral spine; total body, hip, and femoral neck (by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry) and body composition (by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry) were determined. Results. All measures of nutritional status such as weight, percentage of ideal body weight, body mass index, lean body mass, fat mass, and percentage of fat mass were significantly lower in girls with AN than in control subjects. Girls with AN had significantly lower heart rates, lower systolic blood pressure, and lower body temperature compared with control subjects. Total red cell and white cell counts were lower in AN than in control subjects. Among girls with AN, 22% were anemic and 22% were leukopenic. None were hypokalemic. Mean age at menarche did not differ between the groups. However, the proportion of girls who had AN and were premenarchal was significantly higher compared with healthy control subjects who were premenarchal, despite comparable maturity as determined by bone age. Ninety-four percent of premenarchal girls with AN versus 28% of premenarchal control subjects were above the mean age at menarche for white girls, and 35% of premenarchal AN girls versus 0% of healthy adolescents were delayed >2 SD above the mean. The ratio of bone age to chronological age, a measure of delayed maturity, was significantly lower in girls with AN versus control subjects and correlated positively with duration of illness and markers of nutritional status. Serum estradiol values were lower in girls with AN than in control subjects, and luteinizing hormone values trended lower in AN. Levels of insulin-like growth factor-I were also significantly lower in girls with AN. Estradiol values correlated positively with insulin-like growth factor-I, a measure of nutritional status essential for growth (r = 0.28). All measures of bone mineral density (z scores) were lower in girls with AN than in control subjects, with lean body mass, body mass index, and age at menarche emerging as the most important predictors of bone density. Bone density z scores of <-1 at any one site were noted in 41% of girls with AN, and an additional 11% had bone density z scores of <-2. Conclusions. A high prevalence of hemodynamic, hematologic, endocrine, and bone density abnormalities are reported in this large group of community-dwelling adolescent girls with AN. Although a number of these consequences of AN are known to occur in hospitalized adolescents, the occurrence of these findings, including significant bradycardia, low blood pressure, and pubertal delay, in girls who are treated for AN on an outpatient basis is of concern and suggests the need for vigilant clinical monitoring, including that of endocrine and bone density parameters. Copyright © 2004 by the American Academy of Pediatrics. ER  - 
Cytochrome P450 1A2 (CYP1A2) activity and risk factors for breast cancer: a cross-sectional study.; INTRODUCTION: Breast cancer risk may be determined by various genetic, metabolic, and lifestyle factors that alter sex hormone metabolism. Cytochrome P450 1A2 (CYP1A2) is responsible for the metabolism of estrogens and many exogenous compounds, including caffeine. METHODS: In a cross-sectional study of 146 premenopausal and 149 postmenopausal women, we examined the relationships between CYP1A2 activity and known or suspected risk factors for breast cancer. Blood levels of sex hormones, lipids, and growth factors were measured. In vivo CYP1A2 activity was assessed by measuring caffeine metabolites in urine. Stepwise and maximum R regression analyses were used to identify covariates related to CYP1A2 activity after adjustment for ethnicity. RESULTS: In both menopausal groups CYP1A2 activity was positively related to smoking and levels of sex hormone binding globulin. In premenopausal women, CYP1A2 activity was also positively related to insulin levels, caffeine intake, age, and plasma triglyceride levels, and negatively related with total cholesterol levels and body mass index. In postmenopausal women CYP1A2 activity was positively associated with insulin-like growth factor-1, and negatively associated with plasma triglyceride, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and age at menarche. CONCLUSION: These results suggest that CYP1A2 activity is correlated with hormones, blood lipids, and lifestyle factors associated with breast cancer risk, although some of the observed associations were contrary to hypothesized directions and suggest that increased CYP1A2 function may be associated with increased risk for breast cancer. ER  - 
Selected hormonal data and ACTH stimulation test results in pubertal girls with hirsutism; Selected hormonal data and ACTH stimulation test results in pubertal girls with hirsutism Every 40-60th person is a carrier of congenital adrenal hyperplasia. It can be expected that the frequency of this genetic defect is higher among persons with hirsutism. Aim of the study: To find clinical and hormonal features that characterize patients with excessive excretion of 17-OH progesterone (17OHP) after ACTH injection. Patients and method: 57 hirsute girls aged 12-19 years underwent medical examinations. Menstrual abnormalities were noted in 78% of them. We examined the degree of hirsutism (mean 13.0 ± 1.58), BMI (mean 22.7), the levels of TSH, T3, T4, prolactin, LH, FSH, estradiol, testosterone, 17OHP, daily excretion of cortisol. Subsequently dexamethasone and relefact, ACTH and OGTT tests were performed. The patients were divided into two groups depending on the result of the ACTH test. Group 1 consisted of 13 girls (22.8%) whose 17OHP level after ACTH was > 9.09 nmol/l. The second group comprised the remaining 44 patients. The examinations were performed in the early and middle follicular phase. Results: There were no differences in BMI, basic hormone levels and their dynamics in the tests with dexamethasone and relefact and cortisol level in ACTH test between both groups. Only the sum of glucose concentrations during OGTT was higher in 1 group. Conclusions: 1) Clinical presentation or results of hormonal examinations did not distinguish patients with excretion of 17OHP after ACTH injection among carriers of congenital adrenal hyperplasia. 2) A genetic examination should be performed in hirsute girls when the response of 17OHP to ACTH is excessively high. ER  - 
Bone mineral acquisition in adolescents with type 1 diabetes; To track bone mineral acquisition in adolescents with type 1 diabetes (DM). Subjects were adolescents, ages 12 to 18 years, with DM (n = 42) and a healthy regional reference (n = 199). Measurements of tibia bone characteristics by peripheral quantitative computed tomography (pQCT) and spine and whole body (WB) by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry (DEXA), anthropometrics, and lifestyle questionnaires were obtained during a 12-month period. Disease duration, insulin dose, renal function, and glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) values for the previous 12 months were recorded. Body size and maturation were similar between groups. DM had lower tibia, spine, and WB bone characteristics but greater muscle mass (LBM) and lower bone mineral content (BMC)/LBM at baseline and 12 months. Annual gains for tibia cortical bone and WB BMC/LBM were lower and inversely related to HbA1c levels (R = -0.36 to -0.51), whereas spine area and density and WBLBM were greater and were predicted by pubertal-driven growth. Overall, the DM cohort had 8.5% less WB BMC/LBM, suggesting that bone mineral deposition was not adequately adapted to muscle gains. Adolescents with type 1 diabetes continue to have smaller bone mass and bone size despite normal growth and maturation. Poor metabolic control appears to negatively influence bone mineral acquisition. ER  - 
Objectively measured physical activity correlates with indices of insulin resistance in Danish children. The European Youth Heart Study (EYHS); OBJECTIVE: To explore the association between measures of insulin resistance with objectively assessed physical activity. DESIGN: School-based, cross-sectional study. SUBJECTS: A randomly selected sample of 589 children (310 girls, 279 boys, mean (standard deviations, s.d.) age = 9.7 (0.44)y, weight = 33.6 (6.4) kg, height = 1.39 (0.06) m) from Denmark. METHODS: Fasting blood samples were analysed for serum insulin and glucose. Physical activity was measured with the uniaxial Computer Science and Applications (CSA) model 7164 accelerometer, worn for at least 3 days (≥ 10 h day-1). Adiposity was assessed by the sum of four skinfolds. Multiple linear regression were performed to model insulin and glucose from average CSA output, adjusted for age, gender, puberty, ethnicity, birth weight, parental smoking, socioeconomic group, and CSA unit. In addition, we adjusted for skinfold thickness. RESULTS: Mean fasting serum glucose ranged from 4.1 to 6.5 mmol l-1 with a mean (s.d.) of 5.1 (0.37) mmol l-1. Fasting insulin was negatively correlated with CSA output on levels of adjustment. Fasting glucose was not significantly associated with physical activity. However, in girls both indices of insulin resistance were significantly related to activity, whereas in boys none of the associations were significant. CONCLUSION: Physical activity is inversely associated with fasting insulin in the nondiabetic range of fasting glucose. The relationship was stronger for insulin than for glucose, indicating compensatory action by the β cells. Our data emphasise the importance of physical activity in children for the maintenance of metabolic control. ER  - 
The impact of physiological, therapeutic and psychosocial variables on glycemic control in youth with type 1 diabetes mellitus; Objective: Intensive management of type 1 diabetes mellitus (DM1) in youth is challenging. We evaluated the relative impact of variables related to DM1 among groups of pre/early pubertal, midpubertal and postpubertal youths with DM1. Methods: In this cross-sectional study of 153 youth with DM1, we ascertained Tanner stage, insulin dose and delivery modality (CSII vs MDI), daily blood glucose monitoring (BGM) frequency, and most recent hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c). We collected questionnaires from patients and their parents on diabetes-specific family conflict and family involvement in diabetes management tasks. We assessed predictors of glycemic control according to pubertal status. Results: Insulin doses increased between pre/early puberty and midpuberty (p <0.0001); daily BGM frequency (p = 0.02) and family involvement for DM management (p <0.001) were lowest in the postpubertal group. HbA1c was similar among all three puberty groups (8.4 ± 1.4). Lower levels of child-reported DM-specific family conflict, more frequent BGM, and CSII use were significantly associated with lower HbA1c (R2 = 0.20, p < 0.001). Conclusion: Although glycemic control was not significantly worse in midpubertal and postpubertal patients, family involvement for DM management and adherence to BGM were lower in late adolescence. Interventions to optimize glycemic control may include minimizing DM-specific conflict, increasing BGM frequency, and implementing CSII use. © Freund Publishing House Ltd. ER  - 
Factors associated with circulating levels of insulin-like growth factor-I and insulin-like growth factor binding protein-3 in 740 women at risk for breast cancer; Prospective studies have shown an association between elevated plasma levels of insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) and/or decreased levels of its major circulating carrier protein insulin-like growth factor binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) and increased risk of major cancers. Identifying the factors which affect these biomarkers is of particular interest as subjects at increased risk could benefit from lifestyle changes, and/or chemoprevention intervention. We evaluated the association between constitutional, hormonal and clinical factors and IGF-I and IGFBP-3 in 740 women, including 376 unaffected women and 364 women with intraepithelial neoplasia (IEN) or early invasive breast cancer enrolled in breast cancer chemoprevention trials, conducted at a single institution. Age, body mass index (BMI), height, waist to hip girth ratio (WHR), parity, menopausal status, age at menarche, number of affected first degree relatives, number of biopsies and breast cancer status were considered in the analysis. Women with early breast cancer had 21% higher IGF-I levels ( p=0.033) and 19% higher IGF-I/IGFBP-3 molar ratio ( p=0.047) than unaffected women. In unaffected women, age was negatively associated with IGF-I ( p=0.002) and IGF-I/IGFBP-3 ( p=0.001), while age at menarche was negatively associated with IGFBP-3 levels ( p=0.043). In women with IEN or early breast cancer, IGF-I levels were negatively associated with age ( p < 0.001), and positively associated with prior biopsies for benign disease ( p=0.013), while age, parity and menopausal status were significant predictors of IGF-I/IGFBP-3 molar ratio. We conclude that circulating IGF-I levels are higher in women with prior breast cancer compared to unaffected women, and that IGF-I and/or IGFBP-3 levels are influenced by age and by reproductive and hormonal factors. These findings support their putative role as breast cancer risk biomarker. ER  - 
Early sexual development in girls less than 3 years of age; A retrospective evaluation was performed using the medical records of 168 girls less than 3 years of age with early sexual development. Three components of pubertal development were assessed: premature thelarche (early breast development), premature adrenarche (early pubic/axillary hair), and premature menarche (early menses). Precocious puberty was defined as any 2 of these 3 components. The patients' records were reviewed for subsequent endocrine clinic visits to determine if their pubertal development was advancing, decreasing, or remaining unchanged. One hundred thirty-five patients (80%) presented with premature thelarche, 14 patients (8%) had premature adrenarche, and 19 patients (15%) had precocious puberty. Five of these girls with precocious puberty had premature menarche. Seven patients (4%) had abnormal magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). Three of these patients had hamartomas, 1 had an encephalocele, and 1 patient had congenital cytomegaly secondary to viral encephalitis. In addition, 2 patients had periventricular leukomalacia (PVL). Ten of the 135 patients with premature thelarche continued to increase sexual development after they were first seen; none of the 14 patients who had premature adrenarche increased sexual development over time, and 4 of the 19 patients with precocious puberty continued to increase sexual development after the diagnosis was made. An abnormal central nervous system as the cause for early sexual development in girls less than 3 years of age is rare. If the patient only has premature thelarche, we recommend obtaining an estradiol level and bone age and have the patient return for repeat evaluation. If the patient has premature adrenarche, a bone age x-ray, pelvic ultrasound, and a 17 OHP are warranted. ER  - 
Growth, growth factors and diabetes; Type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) and other chronic diseases in children are well known to adversely affect linear growth and pubertal development. In the years immediately following the introduction of insulin therapy, short stature was consistently reported in children with T1DM. However, over the past 50 years significant improvement in the prognosis for growth and final height in children with diabetes has been achieved, Although pre-pubertal and post-pubertal growth are important phases in growth, puberty and its related hormonal changes represent a critical phase for growth gain and final height particularly in patients with T1DM. Growth impairment reported in diabetic patients is dependent on abnormalities in physiological bone growth and corresponds to abnormalities of the growth hormone-insulin-like growth-I (GH-IGF-I) axis, These alterations seem to be related to appropriate insulin levels and thereby to glycaemic control as judged by haemoglobin levels, Modern diabetes care, particularly intensified insulin regimens, might improve metabolic control in patients with T1DM, therefore preventing abnormalities of the GH-IGF-I axis and leading to normal growth and final height similar to that of their unaffected peers. ER  - 
Birth weight, infant growth and insulin resistance; Size at birth and early postnatal growth rates are important determinants of human perinatal survival; they also predict the tempo of growth, adult height and long-term risks for obesity, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Results from the Avon Longitudinal Study of Pregnancy and Childhood (ALSPAC) show that fetal growth is influenced by both fetal genes and maternal - uterine- placental factors. Important maternal-placental factors include parity, smoking and weight gain, but also maternal genetic factors in the mother or fetal placenta, including the mitochondrial DNA 16189 variant and H19. These maternal genetic factors particularly influence smaller, growth-restrained infants, as in first pregnancies. Fetal genes include the insulin gene (INS) VNTR (variable number of tandem repeat), which we recently confirmed to be associated with birth size and cord blood IGF-II levels; these fetal gene effects are more evident in the absence of maternal-uterine growth restraint. During postnatal life, the INS VNTR III/III genotype remains associated with body size, including body mass index and waist circumference, and also lower insulin sensitivity among girls. However, as at birth, significant gene-environment interactions are seen. Rapid 'catch-up' early postnatal weight gain follows maternal-uterine restraint, and strongly predicts later childhood obesity and insulin resistance; among these children, those with INS VNTR class I alleles are more obese. Genetic factors that influence early growth may have conferred some early survival advantage in human history during times of undernutrition. With abundant nutrition and rising obesity rates, these genetic factors and their interactions with maternal and childhood environmental factors that influence childhood growth may now contribute to the early development of adult disease risk. Their recognition may help the development of targeted early interventions to prevent the progression towards adult disease. ER  - 
Can the age at diagnosis of type 1 diabetes mellitus affect the course of diabetic retinopathy; The aim of this study was to investigate whether poor control of type 1 diabetes mellitus at the time of onset increases the risk of developing diabetic retinopathy. Data from 566 diabetic persons were studied. Subjects were divided into two groups according to duration of diabetes: group 1 with diabetes duration of 10 to 15 years and group 2 with diabetes duration of 16 years and more. In addition, they were divided according to the onset of diabetes into three subgroups (prepuberty, puberty and after puberty). The results of the two groups were analyzed separately. The group with the puberty onset of diabetes (time of poor glycemic control) were expected to have a significant prevalence and most severe form of diabetic retinopathy. When the known risk factors for the development of diabetic retinopathy were excluded, group 1 revealed no statistically significant differences in the prevalence and severity of diabetic retinopathy between subgroups. In group 2, the subgroup with the puberty onset of diabetes had a statistically significant prevalence of diabetic retinopathy in comparison to the subgroups with pre- and after-puberty onset of diabetes (p=0.05). The subgroups with prepuberty and puberty onset of diabetes had a statistically significantly more severe form of diabetic retinopathy than the subgroup with after-puberty onset of diabetes (p<0.01). This could mean that diabetes control during the first years of the disease onset could, in the long run, determine whether and in which form diabetic complications on the eyes would develop. It also raises a question whether our children (the prepuberty onset of diabetes) have good glycemic control. ER  - 
New schemes of insulin treatment in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus attending a public hospital; Introduction: During the last decade the importance of glycaemic control in the prevention of microvascular complications of type 1 diabetes mellitus (DM1) has been demostrated. To achieve this goal, different modalities of intensive therapy have been recommended. Objective: To communicate a novel therapeutic modality employed in paedriatric patients and the metabolic control achieved. Methods: All DM patients < 19 years were included. Insulin treatment was consigned and classified as intensive (at least 3 daily doses, 2 or 3 NPH daily doses, or glargin) or conventional (2 or less doses). Number of doses, mean HbA1c during 2003, results of educative programmes were evaluated and compared. Results: 69 patients (36 females) were studied, 59,7% were pubertal, with a mean age of 12,0 ± 3,7 years. All patients used a basal insulin (69,2% daily dose) and a prandial insulin. Intensive therapy was used by 87% of children. Patients with multiple daily doses received 3 or 4 inyections of a short or rapid acting insulin. Basal insulin was glargine in 10%, twice daily NPH in 28% and thrice daily in 49%. Patients modified dose according to glucose level occured in 88,4%, and 46,4% considered carbohydrate intake. 27% knew the carbohydrate/insulin ratio and 79,7% used additional insulin when eating extra carbohydrates. The BbA1c was 8,6 ± 1,4% without differences in terms of insulin modality used. 30,4% achieved the proposed goals of HbA1c. The total and basal insulin usage correlated with the HbA1c. Conclusions: Multiple modalities of insulin therapy are available, no difference in metabolic control between the modalities was detected. We have achieved very good control in 30% of the patients, only insulin daily dose and basal dose correlated significatively with HbA1c. ER  - 
Cortisol and its relation to insulin resistance before and after weight loss in obese children; Background: Insulin resistance occurs both in obesity and in Cushing's syndrome suggesting a pathogenetic role of cortisol in insulin-resistant obese subjects. Methods: We examined serum cortisol in 81 insulin-resistant (homeostasis model assessment (HOMA) > 4) obese children (age in median 12 years) and 151 obese children without insulin resistance (HOMA ≤ 4) (age in median 10 years) and compared these to cortisol of 83 healthy children of normal weight (age in median 12 years). Multivariate linear regression analysis was conducted for the dependent variable insulin resistance (HOMA), including weight status (BMI), age, gender, pubertal stage and cortisol concentration as independent variables. Furthermore, we analyzed cortisol and insulin resistance in 45 obese children with significant weight loss (reduction in SDS-BMI ≥ 0.5) and in 109 obese children without significant weight loss (reduction in SDS-BMI < 0.5) over the time period of 1 year. Results: Cortisol was significantly (p = 0.006) higher in obese insulin-resistant children (median 14.6 μg/dl) compared to those of normal weight (median 11.4 μg/dl) or obese without insulin resistance (median 11.7 μg/dl). Insulin resistance was significantly influenced by weight status (BMI), age and cortisol using multivariate linear regression analysis. A reduction in overweight showed a significant decrease in cortisol (p = 0.005) and insulin resistance (p = 0.002) in insulin-resistant children, whilst there were no significant changes in children not reducing their overweight and in non-insulin-resistant children. Conclusions: Cortisol was moderately increased in insulin-resistant, obese children and related to insulin resistance. Weight reduction led to a decrease in cortisol and insulin resistance. These facts point to an association between cortisol and insulin resistance in obesity. Copyright © 2004 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Insulin sensitivity in growth hormone-deficient children: Influence of replacement treatment; OBJECTIVE: In adults, excessive GH secretion may lead to secondary diabetes mellitus, while prolonged GH treatment may accelerate the onset of type 2 diabetes mellitus in predisposed children. The aim of the study was to evaluate insulin sensitivity (IS) and glucose tolerance (GT) in a group of GH-deficient children treated with GH for a period of 6 years. PATIENTS AND DESIGN: One hundred and twenty-eight children (40 females, 88 males) were included in the study. At the beginning of treatment chronological age was 8.9 ± 3.2 years, height standard deviation score (SDS) -2.43 ± 0.90 and body mass index (BMI) SDS 0.18 ± 1.60. At the end of the study chronological age was 13.0 ± 2.9 years, height SDS -1-24 ± 1.27 and BMI SDS 0.23 ± 1.54. GH was administered at a mean weekly dosage of 0.3 mg/kg, injected subcutaneously over 6-7 days. GT was assessed according to the criteria of the Expert Committee on the Diagnosis and Classification of Diabetes Mellitus. IS was evaluated with the quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI). RESULTS: No cases of impaired GT or diabetes were recorded during the follow-up period. IS, already lower than in controls before starting treatment with GH, decreased significantly during the first year of therapy (QUICKI: 0.346 ± 0.033 vs. 0.355 ± 0.044, P < 0.05), with no further decrease in the following years. No correlation was found between QUICKI, BMI, years of treatment and onset of puberty. CONCLUSIONS: GH treatment in GH-deficient children does not lead to an impaired GT or type 2 diabetes mellitus, although it does significantly decrease IS. ER  - 
Relationships between physical activity and plasma leptin levels in healthy children: The Fleurbaix-Laventie Ville Santé II Study; OBJECTIVE: To study the relationships between physical activity and plasma leptin levels in children from a population-based study, taking into account puberty stages. DESIGN: Subjects were part of the Fleurbaix-Laventie Ville Santé (FLVS) II Study, a longitudinal study on the determinants of weight gain in children and their parents. At baseline examination, 253 girls and 257 boys aged 8-18 y were examined. MEASUREMENTS: Height and weight were measured, adiposity was assessed by the sum of four skinfold thicknesses (SSK). Pubertal stage was assigned according to Tanner. Leisure-time physical activity (LTPA) was assessed by the Modifiable Activity Questionnaire and ambulatory activity by pedometer recording over a week. A fasting blood sample was obtained to determine plasma leptin and insulin levels. RESULTS: Plasma leptin was higher in girls compared to boys (8.3 (1.6-36.5) ng/ml vs 2.2 (0.1-15.3) ng/ml, P<0.001). Multivariate analyses were performed with leptin as dependent variable, and number of steps by day, Tanner stage, insulin and SSK as independent variables. In girls, leptin was negatively correlated to number of steps/day (P< 0.001) and positively to SSK (P<0.001) and insulinemia (P<0.001). In boys, leptin was correlated to insulinemia (P<0.001), SSK (P<0.001), Tanner stage (P<.0001), but not to physical activity. CONCLUSION: Physical activity is negatively related to leptin levels in girls only and this association is independent of fasting plasma insulin. In children, fasting insulinemia remains associated with leptin levels after taking into account adiposity, physical activity and Tanner stage. ER  - 
An insertional polymorphism of the proopiomelanocortin gene is associated with fasting insulin levels in childhood obesity; Lines of evidence show a role of the melanocortinergic system in the regulation of glucose metabolism in obese subjects. The aim of this study was to investigate the influence of proopiomelanocortin (POMC) in the variability of insulin levels in early-onset obesity. To address this issue, an association study using a 9-bp insertional polymorphism, AGC AGC GGC, between nucleotides 6979 and 6998 off the POMC gene, was performed in 380 (185 girls) Italian obese children and adolescents. Allelic frequencies were comparable in our patients (0.053) and in 300 lean controls of Mediterranean descent (0.045). Interestingly, we showed that this polymorphism, in the obese patients, was associated with differences in fasting insulin levels; this finding persisted after correction for age, sex, and pubertal stage. Heterozygotes had 24% higher mean insulin levels than those homozygous for the wild allele and showed a stronger correlation between insulin and body mass index (P < 0.001). These findings support the hypothesis that the melanocortin pathway may modulate glucose metabolism in obese subjects and suggest that this common POMC variant may be involved in the natural history of polygenic obesity in late adolescence and adulthood, contributing to the link between type 2 diabetes and obesity. ER  - 
Transsexuals and competitive sports; Men generally have an inherent performance advantage over women due to their and average greater height and muscle mass and power, as the result of correspondingly different exposures to androgens. Therefore, it is considered fair that in sports men and women compete in separate categories. The question now emerging is whether reassigned transsexuals can compete in fairness with others of their new sex. The pertinent question is how far the previous effects of testosterone in male-to-female transsexuals (M-F) are reversible upon androgen deprivation so that M-F have no advantage over women, and, vice versa, what the effects are of androgen exposure in female-to-male transsexuals (F-M) on variables relevant to competition in sports. Before puberty, boys and girls do not differ in height, muscle and bone mass. Recent information shows convincingly that actual levels of circulating testosterone determine largely muscle mass and strength, though with considerable interindividual diversity. This study analyzed the effects of androgen deprivation in 19 M-F and of androgen administration to 17 F-M on muscle mass, hemoglobin (Hb) and insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1). Before cross-sex hormone administration, there was a considerable overlap in muscle mass between M-F and F-M. In both M-F and F-M, height was a strong predictor of muscle mass. Androgen deprivation of M-F decreased muscle mass, increasing the overlap with untreated F-M, but mean muscle mass remained significantly higher in M-F than in F-M. Androgen administration to F-M increased muscle mass without inducing an advantage over nontreated M-F The conclusion is that androgen deprivation in M-F increases the overlap in muscle mass with women but does not reverse it, statistically. The question of whether reassigned M-F can fairly compete with women depends on what degree of arbitrariness one wishes to accept, keeping in mind, for instance, that similar blood testosterone levels in men have profoundly different biologic effects on muscle properties, rendering competition in sports intrinsically a matter of how nature endows individuals for this competition. © 2004 Society of the European Journal of Endocrinology. ER  - 
Increased serum soluble leptin receptor levels in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus; Objective: We investigated whether or not serum levels of the soluble leptin receptor (sOB-R) and leptin are related to anthropometric and metabolic changes during pubertal development of children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus. Design and methods: Blood levels of sOB-R, leptin and HbA1C, as well as body-mass index (BMI), diabetes duration and daily insulin doses, were determined in 212 (97 girls; 115 boys) children with type 1 diabetes mellitus and compared with the sOB-R serum levels in 526 healthy children and adolescents. Results: OB-R. serum levels and parallel values of the molar ratio between sOB-R and leptin were significantly higher in children with diabetes than in normal children (P < 0.05) in almost all investigated Tanner stages. Furthermore, in the entire group of patients, we demonstrated statistically significant correlations (P < 0.02) between sOB-R and the duration of diabetes (r = 0.30), HbA1c levels (r = 0.32) and the insulin dose (r = 0.18). Multiple-regression analysis revealed that HbA1c (12.4%), height (7.9%) and duration of diabetes (8.7%) contributed to 29% variance of sOB-R in diabetic children. Conclusions: Our data suggest that poor glycemic control in diabetes may lead to increased serum levels of sOB-R. This regulation of sOB-R appears to be independent of leptin, but may have an impact on leptin action. The consequently developing molar excess of sOB-R related to leptin could reduce leptin sensitivity and may, therefore, influence leptin-related anthropometric and metabolic abnormalities. © 2004 Society of the European Journal of Endocrinology. ER  - 
Influence of iodine supplementation on serum insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) and IGF-binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) levels in severe iodine deficiency; Iodine deficiency is an important public health problem worldwide. In addition to severe consequences such as brain damage, developmental delay, deficits in hearing and learning, it also has a negative impact on growth. The negative impact of severe iodine deficiency (SID) on insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) and insulin-like growth factor binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) was shown previously. In this study we aimed to analyze the impact of iodine supplementation on growth and growth factors of children with SID. One hundred and four children (63 boys and 41 girls) aged 5-15 years participated in the study. Height standard deviation scores (HSDS), and serum levels of IGF-I and IGFBP-3 were assessed both before and six months after a single dose of iodized oil. Serum levels of free thyroxine (FT4) and thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH) were also analysed to investigate the mechanisms by which alterations of iodine status may influence growth. Pubertal children had lower HSDS six months after iodine supplementation, while that of prepubertal children remained unchanged. IGF-I and IGFBP-3 levels decreased significantly and FT4 levels were suppressed six months after the supplementation, while TSH was normalized. These findings suggest a negative impact of iodine supplementation on growth factors in the short-term, which may be a direct effect of iodine repletion or an indirect effect caused by alterations in thyroid function. It may also be related to the method of supplementation used. Further studies are necessary to resolve these issues, as well as to examine the impact of iodine supplementation on growth in the long-term. ER  - 
Correlation of sex steroids with IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 during different pubertal stages; Insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) is the major factor that affects linear bone growth. Also, androgens and estrogens are necessary for increasing longitudinal bone growth during sexual maturation. The aim of this study was to investigate the relationships among IGF-1 axis and sex steroids during pubertal development in healthy adolescents. In this cross-sectional study, IGF-1, IGF binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) and sex steroid levels (estradiol in girls, testosterone in boys) of 205 healthy adolescents (101 female, 104 male) aged 9-17 years were measured. All subjects were apparently healthy, with no growth retardation and with skeletal ages appropriate for chronological ages, and none were taking medications known to influence calcium homeostasis. Greulich and Pyle's Radiographic Atlas of Skeletal Development of the Hand and Wrist was used for determination of skeletal ages. Tanner's classification was used to determine the pubertal developmental stage. Fasting blood samples were obtained from subjects between 09:00-10:00 h. Serum IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 levels differed significantly between pubertal developmental stages. Serum IGF-1 levels and IGF-1/IGFBP-3 ratios increased with proceeding stages and maximum mean values were found at stages III-IV in girls and at stage IV in boys. Estradiol levels of girls and testosterone levels of boys differed significantly between stages, and in both sexes, serum IGF-1 levels and IGF-1/IGFBP-3 ratios were significantly correlated with sex steroid levels. Increase in growth hormone secretion increases IGF-1 levels. Furthermore, increasing sex steroids with pubertal development increase the IGF-1 levels and IGF-1/IGFBP-3 ratios that affect bone growth. ER  - 
Target gland dysfunction following external cranial radiation for extrasellar tumours; Background: Diseases of the pituitary gland manifest as increased or decreased production of one or more of these hormones that in turn trigger a series of secondary hormonal changes in target glands (Thyroid, Adrenal and Gonad). Dysfunction of target glands may follow treatment with external radiation when hypothalamo-pituitary axis lies within the field of radiation. The present study has been undertaken with the aim to study target gland dysfunction and their relationship with dose of radiotherapy and duration after radiotherapy in patients who have received extracranial radiation for extrasellar tumours. Methods: In this study, 96 patients who underwent cranial radiation 12 months ago were evaluated. Basal 8 am venous blood samples were taken for estimation of triiodothyronine (T3), thyroxin (T4), thyrotropin stimulating hormone (TSH) and basal cortisol estimation. Pooled samples (three samples taken 20 minutes apart and pooled together) were taken for LH, FSH and testosterone (TE) estimation. Insulin tolerance test was performed for stimulated cortisol levels. Results: Target gland dysfunction was present in 72 (75%) patients. Hypogonadism was present in 48 (53%) of post-pubertal patients. 36% of male patients had hypogonadism whereas 100% of female patients had hypogonadism. Patients with hypogonadism were older, received higher doses of radiation and evaluated earlier after radiotherapy than without hypogonadism. Serum testosterone level declined significantly with increasing doses of radiation. Hypoadrenalism was present in 44 patients (46%). There was no significant difference of age, radiation dose and radiation fraction among patients with or without adrenal insufficiency. Proportion of patients with hypoadrenalism increased with increasing duration after radiotherapy. Hypothyroidism was present in 12 patients (13%). Proportion of patients with hypothyroidism doubled with increasing dose of radiation. Serum T3 level declined significantly with increasing doses of radiation. Patients with hypothyroidism had significantly low T3 and T4 level, but significantly higher TSH and basal and peak cortisol levels than patients without hypothyroidism. Conclusion: Target gland dysfunction is common after extracranial radiation for extrasellar tumours. Hypogonadism was the commonest followed by hypoadrenalism and hypothyroidism. Target gland dysfunction was related to age, radiation dose and duration after radiotherapy, but not with fraction of radiation. ER  - 
Ovarian lesions in children and adolescents - An 11-year review; Objective: To describe the spectrum of pediatric ovarian pathology, identifying the clinical features and ultrasound characteristics that help in decisions about patient management, and to correlate these with ovarian pathology. Patients and Methods. Retrospective analysis of 134 records of patients admitted with ovarian lesions to Royal Children's Hospital, Melbourne over an 11-year period (1989-99 inclusive). Results: The age of presentation varied widely from 2 days to 19 years with 63.4% being over 12 years of age. Eighty-one patients (60.4%) had physiological or functional ovarian cysts, 52 of which required surgical intervention. Forty-four patients (32.8%) had neoplastic lesions and a palpable abdominal mass was felt in 53.7% of them. Mature cystic teratoma or dermoid cyst, seen in 27 patients, was the commonest neoplasm, and 77.8% of these children were under 12 years. Six children had malignant ovarian neoplasms, of which five were germ cell in origin. Five patients had epithelial or stromal neoplastic lesions. Endocrine manifestations were seen in seven patients and included early or precocious puberty and virilization. Plain trans-abdominal ultrasonography was useful in identifying ovarian lesions in 94 (81.7%) of the 115 patients in whom it was performed, but was not helpful in determining the nature of the lesion. Neoplastic ovarian lesions were commonly greater than 10 cm in diameter Conclusions: Physiological or functional ovarian cysts are the most common ovarian lesions seen in the pediatric age group and malignant neoplasms are rare. A palpable abdominal mass or ovarian lesion >10 cm was significantly associated with the lesion being neoplastic. Lesions <5 cm in post-pubertal girls were significantly more likely to be non-neoplastic. Ultrasonography is useful in localizing ovarian lesions but is not helpful in determining their pathological nature. Endocrine manifestations sometimes occur with either benign or malignant lesions of the ovary. © Freund Publishing House Ltd. ER  - 
Negative association between circulating total homocysteine and proinflammatory chemokines MCP-1 and RANTES in prepubertal lean, but not in obese, children; This study investigated in prepubertal obese children (POC), compared with prepubertal lean children (PLC), a possible relation among plasma total homocysteine (tHcy)-an independent risk factor for future atherosclerosis-and MCP-1 and RANTES, two circulating chemokines inducing leukocyte transendothelial migration (TEM), implicated in the initial stages of the inflammatory part of the atherosclerotic process. Seventy-two POC were evaluated for circulating tHcy, MCP-1, and RANTES, and compared with 42 healthy PLC. The mean adjusted (for age, sex as well as log10total insulin, vitB12, folate, total cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, log10triglycerides, and log 10glucose levels) differences in tHcy, MCP-1, and RANTES levels between PLC and POC were all significant [1.16 nmol/mL (P = 0.03), 26.6 pg/mL (P = 0.02), and 52.9 pg/mL (P = 0.03), respectively]. In PLC, but not in POC, tHcy levels were negatively associated with both circulating MCP-1 (B = -1.68, P = 0.007) and RANTES (B = -1.16, P = 0.01) after adjusting for age, sex, BMI, as well as log10total insulin, vitB12, folate, total cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, log10triglycerides, and log10glucose levels. In conclusion, in POC there is a lack, in contrast to PLC, of a possibly autoregulatory, negative association of elevated tHcy levels to increased MCP-1 and RANTES levels. This could contribute to future, homocysteine-induced atherosclerosis. ER  - 
Glucose intolerance in a large cohort of Mediterranean women with polycystic ovary syndrome: Phenotype and associated factors; The aim of this study was to investigate the phenotypic parameters and associated factors characterizing the development of glucose intolerance in polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Among the 121 PCOS female subjects from the Mediterranean region, 15.7 and 2.5% displayed impaired glucose tolerance and type 2 diabetes, respectively. These subjects were included in a single group of overweight or obese subjects presenting with glucose intolerance (GI) states. PCOS women with normal glucose tolerance (81.8%) were subdivided into two groups: those who were overweight or obese and those of normal weight. Metabolic and hormonal characteristics of the GI group included significantly higher fasting and glucose-stimulated insulin levels, more severe insulin resistance, hyperandrogenemia, and significantly higher cortisol and androstenedione responses to 1-24 ACTH stimulation. One important finding was that lower birth weight and earlier age of menarche were associated with GI in PCOS women. Frequency of hirsutism, oligomenorrhea, acne, and acanthosis nigricans did not characterize women with GI. Our findings indicate that PCOS patients with GI represent a sub-group with specific clinical and hormonal characteristics. Our observations may have an important impact in preventative and therapeutic strategies. ER  - 
Features of the metabolic syndrome are associated with objectively measured physical activity and fitness in Danish children: The European Youth Heart Study (EYHS); OBJECTIVE - Features of the metabolic syndrome are becoming increasingly evident in children. Decreased physical activity is likely to be an important etiological factor, as shown previously for subjective measures of physical activity in selected groups. The purpose of this study was to examine the relationship between the metabolic syndrome and objectively measured physical activity and whether fitness modified this relationship. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - A total of 589 Danish children (310 girls, 279 boys, mean [±SD] age 9.6 ± 0.44 years, mean weight 33.6 ± 6.4 kg, mean height 1.39 ± 0.06 m) were randomly selected. Physical activity was measured with the uni-axial Computer Science & Applications accelerometer (MTI actigraph) worn at the hip for at least 3 days (≥10 h/day) and fitness with a maximal bike test. As outcomes, we measured sitting systolic and diastolic blood pressure, degree of adiposity (sum of four skinfolds), and, finally, insulin, glucose, triglicerides, and HDL cholesterol in fasting blood samples. The outcome variables were statistically normalized and expressed as the number of SDs from the mean. (i.e., Z scores). A metabolic syndrome risk score was computed as the mean of these Z scores. Multiple linear regression was used to test the association between physical activity and metabolic risk, adjusted primarily for age, sex, sexual maturation, ethnicity, parental smoking, socioeconomic factors, and the Computer Science & Applications unit, as well as for fitness. Robust SEs were computed by clustering on school. RESULTS - All children were in the nondiabetic range of fasting glucose. Metabolic risk was inversely related to physical activity (P = 0.008). The relationship was weakened after adjustment for fitness, but there was a significantly positive interaction between physical activity and fitness. CONCLUSIONS - Physical activity is inversely associated with metabolic risk, independently of potential confounders. The interaction between physical activity and fitness suggests that the potential beneficial effect of activity may be greatest in children with lower cardiorespiratory fitness. ER  - 
Physical growth and endocrinal disorders during pubertal maturation in girls with epilepsy; Purpose: This study investigated the effect of epilepsy and/or antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) on the physical growth, pubertal development, and androgenic status of girls with epilepsy between ages 8 and 18 years. Methods: Sixty-six female patients with epilepsy, their mean ages 13.47 ± 3.5 years, were included. Anthropometric measurements, staging of pubertal maturation, and clinical manifestations of hyperandrogenism were assessed, as well as measurement of serum levels of testosterone, dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHEAS), sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG), and free androgen index (FAI). Of the included patients, 44 had transabdominal ultrasonic examination of the ovaries and fasting serum insulin levels were measured. Forty healthy age-matched females served as a control group. Results: Patients showed reduced mean height percentile compared with controls (z = 2.07; p = 0.04), which was negatively correlated with the duration of their epilepsy. Patients showed increased frequency of obesity, especially postpubertal girls taking valproate (VPA; 67%), who also showed higher insulin levels (t = 8.01; p = 0.0003). Patients showed increased frequency of clinical hyperandrogenemia in the different stages of puberty. High levels of testosterone and DHEAS were found in female patients with epilepsy, especially pubertal and postpubertal girls. Hyperandrogenism (clinical and/or laboratory) was most affected by the types of AEDs, with higher incidence in patients taking VPA compared with those taking enzyme-inducing AEDs (χ2 = 9.16; p = 0.01). Eighteen percent of the patients were diagnosed as having polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). No difference was found in the types of seizures, degree of seizure control, type of AEDs, or insulin levels between patients with and those without PCOS. Conclusions: Longer duration of the disease has a negative impact on the stature of female patients with epilepsy. Postpubertal girls taking VPA are more liable to obesity, which is associated with increased incidence of hyperinsulinemia. Clinical and/or laboratory evidence of hyperandrogenism is seen at a high frequency in patients, especially with the use of VPA. Furthermore, female patients with epilepsy especially in the postpubertal stage of sexual maturation, have a high prevalence of PCOS, independent of the type of AED or the characteristics of the epilepsy disorder. ER  - 
Insulin sensitization for girls with precocious pubarche and with risk for polycystic ovary syndrome: Effects of prepubertal initiation and postpubertal discontinuation of metformin treatment; Among girls with precocious pubarche (PP), those with low birth weight (LBW) are, even if nonobese, at risk for progression to polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) including hyperinsulinemic hyperandrogenism, dyslipidemia, dysadipocytokinemia, and central fat excess. Recently, we disclosed the efficacy of insulin sensitization with metformin to disrupt progression from PP to PCOS in formerly LBW girls who were postmenarche. In LBW-PP girls, we have now extended the exploration of early insulin sensitization therapy in two directions: 1) metformin therapy was started before puberty; and 2) we assessed the effects of metformin discontinuation in girls who had started metformin treatment after menarche. Prepubertal LBW-PP girls (n = 33; mean age, 8.0 yr; body mass index, 18.5 kg/m2) were randomly assigned to remain untreated or to receive metformin (425 mg/d) for 6 months. Post-pubertal LBW-PP girls (n = 24; age, 12.4 yr; body mass index, 21.0 kg/m2) had been randomized (at -12 months) to remain untreated or to receive metformin (850 mg/d) for 12 months, at which time (0 month) a treatment cross-over was performed for 6 months. Fasting blood glucose and serum insulin, SHBG, dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate, androstenedione, testosterone, lipid profile, IL-6, and adiponectin were assessed at 0 and 6 months, as was body composition (by dual x-ray absorptiometry). In the prepubertal study (group A), comparisons of untreated vs. treated girls disclosed normalizing effects of metformin on SHBG, androstenedione, dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate, low and high density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, IL-6, adiponectin, total and abdominal fat mass, and lean body mass. In the postpubertal study (group B), treatment cross-over at 0 month was in each subgroup followed by a striking reversal in the course of the endocrine-metabolic state, adipocytokinemia, and body composition; all changes pointed to normalizing effects of metformin treatment. In conclusion, these two studies provide the first evidence that 1) prepubertal metformin therapy has normalizing effects on PCOS features in high risk girls with a combined history of LBW and PP; and 2) in adolescence, metformin's normalizing effects are reversed as soon as metformin therapy is discontinued. ER  - 
Both intrauterine growth restriction and postnatal growth influence childhood serum concentrations of adiponectin; OBJECTIVE: Insulin resistance has been linked to intrauterine growth restriction; adiponectin is a strong determinant of insulin sensitivity. We aimed at studying the contributions of birthweight and insulin sensitivity to circulating adiponectin in children born small for gestational age (SGA). DESIGN: Cross-sectional, hospital-based study dealing with insulin sensitivity in SGA children. PATIENTS: Thirty-two prepubertal children born SGA (age 5.4 ± 2.9 years) and 37 prepubertal children born appropriate for gestational age (AGA, age 5.9 ± 3.0 years). MEASUREMENTS: Serum levels of fasting glucose, serum lipids, insulin (immunometric assay) and adiponectin concentrations (ELISA) were assessed, and insulin resistance (IR) and insulin secretion (β-cell) were calculated by the homeostasis model of assessment (HOMA). RESULTS: SGA children had similar HOMA-IR, HOMA-β-cell and adiponectin concentrations than AGA children. However, in a separate analysis of subjects older than 3 years of age, SGA children showed higher HOMA-IR after adjusting for sex, age and body mass index (BMI) standard deviation score (SDS). Circulating adiponectin was higher in SGA children [adjusted means: 14.5 mg/l (95% CI 12.9-16.1) and 18.7 mg/l (95% CI 17.0-20.3) for AGA and SGA children, respectively; P < 0.0001]. Further analysis revealed that the group of overweight SGA (arbitrarily defined as being in the higher quartile for the BMI SDS distribution in the sample) had decreased serum concentrations of adiponectin, compared to lean SGA children [adjusted means: 12.9 mg/l (95% CI 9.3-16.5) vs. 19.0 (95% CI 16.8-21.3), respectively; P = 0.001]. In a multiple regression model, HOMA-IR and SGA status explained 35% and 15% of adiponectin variance, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Prenatal growth restriction is associated with insulin resistance but relatively increased adiponectin concentrations, provided overweight does not ensue. The contributions of circulating adiponectin to the increased risks for developing insulin resistance and type-2 diabetes in formerly SGA subjects merit further studies. ER  - 
Gonadotrophin receptor blocking antibodies measured by the use of cell lines stably expressing human gonadotrophin receptors are not detectable in women with 46,XX premature ovarian failure; BACKGROUND: Premature ovarian failure (POF) is defined by cessation of ovarian function after puberty and before the age of 40. The syndrome is characterized by amenorrhoea, oestrogen deficiency and elevated levels of gonadotrophins. Autoimmunity has been proposed as a mechanism for some cases of destruction or malfunction of ovarian follicles. POF is often associated with type I and type II polyglandular autoimmune syndromes. It has also been postulated that receptors such as the LH and FSH receptors might become targets for blocking antibodies and such antibodies could be a cause of ovarian failure. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Sixty-nine patients with POF isolated or associated with other endocrine autoimmune diseases (autoimmune thyroid diseases, Addison's disease, type 1 diabetes mellitus, multiple sclerosis, myasthenia gravis) were studied. All the patients had secondary amenorrhoea. The patient group had a median age of 33.1 years (range 15-57). Ovarian failure had been diagnosed at a median age of 29 years (range 15-39). The median time since diagnosis was almost 1 year but in six patients gonadal insufficiency had appeared 10-30 years earlier. All had a normal chromosomal karyotype (46, XX). Patients with POF were characterized by duration of amenorrhoea > 1 year, with elevated FSH and LH levels and undetectable or low oestrogen levels. Cell lines stably expressing recombinant human LH (CHO-LHr) and FSH (CHO-FSHr) receptors were prepared and used to search for antibodies able to inhibit LH- or FSH-stimulated cAMP production. Immunoglobulins extracted from sera of patients with POF were incubated with CHO-LHr and CHO-FSHr in the presence of human recombinant CG and FSH, respectively. RESULTS AND CONCLUSIONS: None of the immunoglobulin G (IgG) preparations from patients with POF was able to inhibit the activity of the FSH- and CG-stimulated cAMP production. ER  - 
Precocious puberty at an endocrine centre in Jordan; Background: Data from developed countries about precocious puberty are abundant; data from developing countries are limited. Causes are different, and diagnostic and treatment possibilities are very expensive. The present study aimed to display the spectrum of initial presentation and aetiology among children with precocious puberty and to assess any association between the clinical features and the underlying cause of the condition. Patients and method: Forty-three girls and seven boys with precocious puberty were diagnosed at the Endocrine Clinic of Jordan University Hospital and at The National Center for Diabetes, Endocrinology and Genetics, Amman, Jordan, between the 1984 and 2003. Results: Mean age for the girls with precocious puberty was 4-1 years ± 2-5 SD and for the boys was 2.4 years ± 1.9 SD. Among the girls, 21% presented with breast development only, 9% with pubic hair appearance only and 70% with multiple signs. All the boys presented with pubic hair appearance and enlarged genitalia. Organic causes for precocious puberty were detected in 42% of the girls and in all the boys. Idiopathic precocious puberty was more common among the girls presenting with breast development only (89%) compared with those presenting with multiple presenting signs (50%), and also was more common among girls presenting between 6 and 8 years (82%) than among those presenting < 6 years of age (42%). Congenital adrenal hyperplasia was diagnosed in four boys and four girls, and hypothyroidism in three girls. Conclusion: Precocious puberty in the girls was usually of idiopathic origin when it presented with breast development only and at age older than 6 years. Congenital adrenal hyperplasia and hypothyroidism could represent important causes for precocious puberty in our community. ER  - 
Adiponectin and leptin concentrations may aid in discriminating disease forms in children and adolescents with type 1 and type 2 diabetes; OBJECTIVE - The incidence of pediatric type 2 diabetes has recently seen an alarming increase. To improve our understanding of pediatric type 2 diabetes and identify markers that discriminate these subjects from those with type 1 diabetes, we performed a multivariant analysis associating serum adiponectin and leptin levels with anthropometrical parameters and disease state. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - Samples from children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes (n = 41) and type 2 diabetes (n = 17) and from nondiabetic individuals of similar age from the general population (n = 43) were investigated. An analysis included the parameters of matching for BM1 and Tanner stage. Receiver-operator characteristic (ROC) curves were established to assess these analytes' association with disease. RESULTS - Contrary to studies of adult type 1 diabetes, adiponectin levels in our pediatric type 1 diabetic subjects (10.2 μg/ml [95% CI 8.6-11.7]) did not differ from those of healthy control subjects (10.6 μg/ml [9.2-12.0]; P = NS). Children with type 2 diabetes (5.5 μg/ml [4.8-6.2]) had significantly lower adiponectin levels than both of those groups. Conversely, type 2 diabetic subjects showed marked elevations in serum leptin concentrations (24.3 ng/ml [17.1-31.5]) compared with healthy control subjects (2.7 ng/ml [1.3-4.1]; P < 0.001) and type 1 diabetic subjects (5.1 ng/ml [3.5-6.71; P < 0.001). Importantly, each of the properties ascribed to pediatric type 2 diabetes was present when the comparison was restricted to healthy children or type 1 diabetic patients whose BMI was >85th percentile or who had Tanner stage 4 and 5. The evaluation of adiponectin-to-leptin ratios revealed a striking difference between children with type 1 diabetes (6.3 [3.8-8.8]) and type 2 diabetes (0.3 [0.2-0.5]; P < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS - In pediatric diabetes, where diagnosis of disease is often difficult, these studies suggest that the adiponectin-to-leptin ratio may provide additional help in the discrimination between type 1 and type 2 diabetes. ER  - 
The ER22/23EK polymorphism in the glucocorticoid receptor gene is associated with a beneficial body composition and muscle strength in young adults; Glucocorticoids play an important role in determining body composition. A polymorphism of the glucocorticoid receptor gene (in codons 22 and 23) has previously been found to be associated with relative glucocorticoid resistance, low cholesterol levels, and increased insulin sensitivity. In this study, we investigated whether this ER22/23EK polymorphism is associated with differences in body composition and muscle strength. We studied a cohort of 350 subjects who were followed from age 13 until 36 yr. We compared noncarriers and carriers of the ER22/23EK variant in anthropometric parameters, body composition, and muscle strength, as measured by arm pull tests and high jump from standing. We identified 27 (8.0%) heterozygous ER22/23EK carriers. In males at 36 yr of age, we found that ER22/23EK carriers were taller, had more lean body mass, greater thigh circumference, and more muscle strength in arms and legs. We observed no differences in body mass index or fat mass. In females, waist and hip circumferences tended to be smaller in ER22/23EK carriers at the age of 36 yr, but no differences in body mass index were found. Thus, the ER22/23EK polymorphism is associated with a sex-specific, beneficial body composition at young-adult age, as well as greater muscle strength in males. ER  - 
Gender differences of adiponectin levels develop during the progression of puberty and are related to serum androgen levels; Adiponectin is an adipocytokine with profound antidiabetic and antiatherogenic effects that is decreased in obesity. With the increasing prevalence of obesity and the emergence of related disorders, including type 2 diabetes in children, the regulation of adiponectin and its relationship to childhood obesity is of great interest. In this study we aimed to elucidate the impact of gender, pubertal development, and obesity on adiponectin levels in children. We investigated two phenotypically characterized cohorts of 200 normal weight and 135 obese children and adolescents covering a wide range of age (3.4-17.9 yr) and body mass index (-2.1 to +4.8 SD score). In healthy lean boys, adiponectin levels significantly declined in parallel with physical and pubertal development, subsequently leading to significantly reduced adiponectin levels in adolescent boys compared with girls (5.6 ± 0.5 vs. 7.1 ± 0.5 mg/liter; P = 0.03). This decline was inversely related to testosterone (r = -0.42; P < 0.0001) and dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (r = -0.20; P = 0.0068) serum concentrations and may account for the gender differences seen in adults. Using a stepwise forward multiple regression model, pubertal stage was the strongest independent predictor of adiponectin (r2 = 0.206; P < 0.0001), with additional influences of body mass index SD score and testosterone. Adiponectin levels were decreased in obese children and adolescents compared with lean peers of corresponding age and pubertal stage (5.18 vs. 7.13 mg/liter; P = 0.015). In obese children, adiponectin levels were closely associated with parameters related to the metabolic syndrome, such as insulin resistance, hyperinsulinemia, blood pressure, and uric acid, in univariate and multivariate analyses, with the insulin sensitivity index being the strongest independent parameter identified by stepwise forward multiple regression (r2 = 0.226; P < 0.0001). Hence, there is a strong association of adiponectin serum concentrations with obesity, pubertal development, and metabolic parameters in children indicating epidemiological and pathophysiological relevance already in childhood. ER  - 
Relation between serum insulin-like growth factor-I and insulin-like growth factor-binding protein-3 levels, clinical status and growth parameters in prepubertal cystic fibrosis patients; Background: This study aims to determine the relation between anabolic hormones, Insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) and IGF-binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3), growth parameters, and clinical status in prepubertal cystic fibrosis (CF) patients. This prospective study comprises age/sex-matched control subjects and was set in a tertiary care teaching hospital. Methods: Serum concentrations of IGF-I and IGFBP-3 were measured in 37 CF and 23 healthy subjects, whose mean ages were 5.02 ± 3.06 and 5.27 ± 2.82, respectively. The results were analyzed in relation to body mass index standard deviation scores (BMISD), height standard deviation scores (HSD), growth velocity standard deviation scores (GVSD), and clinical status assessed by Shwachman scores and pulmonary function parameters. Results: Serum IGFBP-3 of CF patients showed significantly lower concentrations than healthy subjects (2457 vs. 3249 ng/mL) (P < 0.05), whereas IGF-I levels did not (123.35 vs. 149.8 ng/mL). There was significant positive correlation between IGF-I and IGFBP-3 with HSD (r = 0.62; r = 0.79) and BMISD (r = 0.39; r = 0.50). The pulmonary function tests in 14 CF subjects were not statistically worse than in nine healthy cases. The mean HSD (-0.67, SD 1.06) and BMISD (-0.28, SD 0.71) of CF patients were not significantly lower than those of healthy subjects (-0.02, SD 0.86 and 0.03, SD 0.49), respectively. Conclusion: Decreased serum IGF-I and IGFBP-3 levels may reflect growth retardation in CF. IGFBP-3 seems like a more sensitive parameter than IGF-I for growth monitoring in this study. Growth parameters of Turkish prepubertal CF patients are not markedly below national standards. Different genetic backgrounds of relevant populations certainly play an important role for the variable clinical course. ER  - 
Tinea capitis in a dermatology center in the city of Fortaleza, Brazil: The role of Trichophyton tonsurans; Background. Over a 3-year period (March 1999 to March 2002), 944 patients with scalp lesions attended a dermatology reference center in the city of Fortaleza, Ceará, Brazil. Clinical specimens were examined at the Specialized Medical Mycology Center, Federal University of Ceará, Fortaleza-CE, Brazil, to detect patients with tinea capitis. Methods. Specimens were obtained from pus, scales, and hairs from suspected lesions of tinea capitis. Mycologic analyses were conducted by direct microscopy and by fungal culture on Sabouraud dextrose agar, with or without chloramphenicol and Mycosel agar. The culture tubes were incubated at 28 °C and examined daily for 1 month. Results. Fungi were seen in 438 (46.4%) of the 944 clinical specimens. The percentage of positive direct microscopic examinations of the clinical specimens was 83.7%. Of those patients with tinea capitis, 157 (35.8%) were males and 281 (64.2%; P < 0.001) were females. The distribution of dermatophyte species in males, from 136 positive cultures, was Trichophyton tonsurans (54.41%), Microsporum canis (38.97%), T. rubrum (4.41%), T. mentagrophytes var. mentagrophytes (1.47%), and M. gypseum (0.74%). On the other hand, only three species, from 251 positive cultures, were present in females: T. tonsurans (80.08%), M. canis (17.53%), and T. rubrum (2.39%). There was a high proportion of positive results in children under 10 years of age (n = 309). No significant difference was detected in the seasonal distribution of tinea capitis. Conclusions. Our data show that T. tonsurans is the main etiologic agent of tinea capitis, and is more likely to be found in females and in the prepubertal population. © 2004 The International Society of Dermatology. ER  - 
Effects of leptin in female pubertal development and its interrelations with insulin, growth hormone and sex hormone; Background: Effects of leptin in pubertal development of female are controversial. The interrelations of leptin with other hormones like growth hormone, sex hormone and insulin need further exploration. Objective: To explore the effects of leptin in female pubertal development as well as its interrelations with growth hormone, sex hormone and insulin. Design: A non-randomized controlled study was conducted. Setting and participants: This study was done by Department of Nutrition and Food Hygiene, Harbin Medical University. Four hundred and fifty healthy volunteers from four schools of Dongli District attended this study. Methods: One hundred and fifty females suffering from simple obesity aged from 7 to 17 years old, were selected. One hundred and fifty additional cases were selected respectively for normal group and malnutrition group to assay each index at 1: 1: 1 with the height difference less than 2 cm and the age difference less than 3 months. Main outcome measures: Height, body mass, serum leptin, growth hormone, insulin, level of testosterone and estradiol. Results: 1 There was positive correlation of leptin level with BMI and age(r = 0.72, P < 0.001; r = 0.39, P < 0.01) . 2 The leptin level in female gradually increased from stage B1 to B5 (Tanner stage) . The leptin level of normal group(7.72 μg/L) was similar to that of malnutrition group (7.36 μg/L) but was much lower than that of obesity group(12.85 μg/L) in stage B2. However, there was significant difference among normal group, malnutrition group and obesity group in other stages. 3 There was negative correlation between leptin level and growth hormone (r = -0.10, P < 0.01) and positive correlation between leptin and insulin(r = 0.78, P < 0.001). There was no correlation of leptin with estradiol and testosterone. Conclusion: Leptin may act as a permissive factor in the onset of female pubertal development. The leptin level in stage B2 is possibly the threshold value for initiating female puberty. The rapid increase of leptin in stage B5 can inhibit the increase of growth hormone and act as the signal of puberty ending. ER  - 
Relationship between lipid profile and lipid hydroperoxide levels in early stage type 1 diabetic patients; We studied 51 early stage type 1 diabetic patients and 48 healthy normolipidemic age-matched controls to examine the influence of lipid profile on lipid hydroperoxide levels. The type 1 diabetic patient group consisted of 12 prepubertal children, 18 adolescents, and 21 young adults who were free from any clinical evidence of retinopathy, nephropathy, or neuropathy. We determined serum triglyceride, total cholesterol, HDL (high-density lipoprotein)-cholesterol, LDL (low-density lipoprotein)-cholesterol, VLDL (very low-density lipoprotein)-cholesterol, apolipoprotein A-1, apolipoprotein B, lipoprotein (a) levels as, markers of lipid profile, and lipid hydroperoxide levels (LHP) as markers of lipid peroxidation, and tried to show the relation, if any, between lipid profile and lipid peroxidation. Serum lipid profiles of three groups of diabetic patients were not different compared to their controls. However, LHP levels were increased significantly in adolescent and young adult type 1 diabetic patients compared to their controls. The significant increase in LHP levels in these two groups of patients was independent from their lipid profile parameters except triglycerides. The lack of difference in LHP levels in prepubertal diabetic patients and their controls might be explained by intense hormonal and metabolic changes during puberty. Copyright © 2005 Biomedical Research Press. ER  - 
Endocrine function in Thai children infected with human immunodeficiency virus; Most children infected by HIV show manifestations which mimic the clinical features of endocrine dysfunction, such as failure to thrive and hyperpigmentation. Our cross-sectional study was designed to assess the endocrine function of Thai children infected with HIV and to determine any relationship between disease severity, height and endocrine function. Thirty-six prepubertal children infected by HIV, 12 boys and 24 girls, aged 4-12 years (mean ± SD 7 ± 2 years), were tested for thyroid function (serum T4, T3, TSH and free T4), morning serum cortisol level, serum insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) and IGF binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3). Disease severity was assessed using CD4+ T-lymphocyte percentage. Ten (28%) patients showed abnormal thyroid function. Five patients had euthyroid sick syndrome. Thyroid function tests indicated another five patients had a condition compatible with compensated hypothyroidism. Most patients had normal morning serum cortisol levels. Two-thirds and one-third of the patients showed low IGF-I and IGFBP-3 standard deviation scores (SDS), respectively. Twenty-six (72%) patients had CD4+ T-lymphocyte <15%, thus were classified as severely immune suppressed. A weak linear relationship was indicated between disease severity and endocrine function (r = -0.03 to 0.41). Statistical significance was found between CD4+ percentage and IGF-I SDS, IGFBP-3 SDS, serum T3 and free T4 (p-value = 0.03, 0.02, 0.02 and 0.01, respectively. Nearly half (44%) the patients were below the third percentile for height of Thai children. There was also a weak correlation between height SDS and endocrine function (r = -0.03 to 0.41). Statistical significance was observed between height SDS and IGF-I SDS, serum T3 and TSH (p-value = 0.02 and 0.01, respectively). We conclude that HIV-infected children with demonstrated growth failure and greater disease severity tend to have abnormal endocrine function, particularly disordered IGF-I levels. © Freund Publishing House Ltd., London. ER  - 
Small for gestational age (SGA): Endocrine and metabolic consequences and effects of growth hormone treatment; Several studies have demonstrated an association between low birth weight and impaired insulin sensitivity or even type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM2) in later life. Growth hormone (GH) is known to increase fasting and postprandial insulin levels. For that reason concern has been expressed regarding possible detrimental effects of GH therapy in children born SGA. In a Dutch trial the possible side effects of GH therapy on carbohydrate metabolism were assessed in short children born SGA after 6 years and at 6 months after discontinuation of GH therapy. This study included 79 pre-pubertal short children born SGA, participating in a multicenter double-blind, randomized, dose-response GH trial. Inclusion criteria were: 1) birth length SDS below -1.88, 2) age 3-11 years in boys and 3-9 years in girls, 3) height SDS < -1.88, 4) no spontaneous catch-up growth, and 5) an uncomplicated neonatal period. Mean (SD) value for age was 7.3 (2.1) years, birth length SDS -3.6, height SDS -3.0 (0.7) and BMI SDS -1.2 (1.3). All children were randomly assigned to either group A (n = 41) using 1 mg GH/m2/day or group B (n = 38) using 2 mg/m2/day (∼0.1 or 0.2 IU/kg/d, respectively). Standard oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTTs) were performed before and during 6 years of GH therapy and 6 months after discontinuation of GH therapy. Before GH therapy 8% of the children had impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) according to criteria of the WHO. After 6 years of GH therapy, IGT was found in 4% and after stopping GH in 10%. Mean fasting glucose increased significantly with 0.5 mMol/l after 1 year of GH therapy, without a further increase thereafter. GH therapy induced considerably higher fasting and glucose-stimulated insulin levels. None of the observed changes were different between the GH dosage groups. Children who remained prepubertal had similar glucose and insulin levels compared to children who entered puberty. HbA1c levels were always in the normal range and none of the children developed diabetes mellitus. After discontinuation of GH therapy the mean serum glucose levels remained normal and the mean serum insulin levels decreased significantly, to normal age reference values. Before the start of GH the mean systolic blood pressure was significantly higher compared to age-matched peers, whereas during GH therapy a significant decline in mean systolic blood pressure occurred, which remained similar after discontinuation of GH treatment. In conclusion, continuous, long-term GH therapy in short children born SGA has no adverse effects on glucose levels, even with GH dosages up to 2 mg/m2/day. However, as has been reported in other patient groups, GH induced higher fasting and glucose-stimulated insulin levels, indicating insulin resistance. After discontinuation of GH, serum insulin levels declined to normal age-matched reference levels. Since impaired insulin sensitivity and DM2 have been demonstrated in relatively young patients born SGA, long-term follow-up of children born SGA is advised, also after discontinuation of GH therapy. © Freund Publishing House Ltd. ER  - 
Risk factors for incident age-related macular degeneration: Pooled findings from 3 continents; Objective To examine risk factors for incident age-related macular degeneration (AMD) after combining data from 3 population-based cohort studies. Design Population-based cohort study. Population A population of 9523 adults (age range, 43-95 years at baseline) living in Australia, The Netherlands, and the United States who participated in a baseline examination and a follow-up examination on average 5 or 6 years later. Methods Similar procedures were used at all study sites. Examinations included a standardized questionnaire, pupillary dilation, and stereoscopic color fundus photography. Fundus photographs were graded for lesions associated with AMD using the Wisconsin and International Age-Related Maculopathy Grading Systems. Senior investigators from each site adjudicated all photos graded as late AMD. Main outcomes measure Incidence of late AMD. Results Among studies, distributions for most risk factors differed, and overall incidence rates were similar. In the Beaver Dam Eye Study, total serum cholesterol was inversely associated with incident neovascular AMD. In the Blue Mountains Eye Study, current smoking (defined as smoking at the time of the baseline examination) was associated with an increased risk of incident geographic atrophy and late AMD; increased total serum cholesterol, having diabetes, and older age at menopause were positively associated with incident geographic atrophy; and an increase in high-density lipoprotein serum cholesterol was inversely related to incident geographic atrophy. In the Rotterdam Study, current smoking was associated with an increased risk of incident geographic atrophy, neovascular AMD, and late AMD; past smoking was associated with an increased risk of incident neovascular AMD and late AMD; and an increased number of years between menarche and menopause was directly related to incident geographic atrophy. After pooling data, the only statistically significant relationships found were between smoking and total serum cholesterol and incident AMD. Current smoking was associated with an increased incidence of geographic atrophy and late AMD (odds ratios [ORs] relative to nonsmokers: 2.83 and 2.35, respectively; ORs relative to past smokers: 2.80 and 1.82, respectively), and total serum cholesterol was associated directly with incident geographic atrophy (OR: 1.08 per 10 mg/dl) and inversely with incident neovascular AMD (OR: 0.94 per 10 mg/dl). Conclusions Pooled data support a growing body of evidence indicating that smoking is related to an increased risk of incident AMD. Current smokers were at higher risk of incident AMD than both past smokers and those who never smoked. The relationships found in this study between total serum cholesterol and incident geographic atrophy and neovascular AMD are not readily explained. © 2004 by the American Academy of Ophthalmology. ER  - 
Hormonal and body composition predictors of soluble leptin receptor, leptin, and free leptin index in adolescent girls with anorexia nervosa and controls and relation to insulin sensitivity; Anorexia nervosa (AN) is associated with very low levels of leptin, a cytokine secreted by adipose tissue and known to suppress appetite. Leptin may play a permissive role in onset of puberty and in resumption of gonadal function in conditions of undernutrition. The soluble leptin receptor (sOB-R) is the main leptin binding protein, and the ratio of serum leptin to sOB-R provides a measure of the free leptin index (FLI), which may be a more accurate determinant of leptin function. Determinants of sOB-R and FLI have not been examined in an adolescent population. We examined levels of sOB-JR, leptin, and FLI, and body composition and hormonal determinants of these variables in 23 adolescent girls with AN and 21 healthy adolescent girls of comparable maturity prospectively over 1 yr. Measures of insulin resistance and adiponectin were also examined. We determined changes in levels of sOB-R, leptin, and FLI with weight recovery (defined as an increase in body mass index of ≥10%, n = 11), and with resumption of menstrual cycles (n = 13). Girls with AN had significantly higher levels of sOB-R (P = 0.0008) and significantly lower levels of leptin and FLI (P < 0.0001 for both) than healthy controls, and levels of FLI were reduced more than levels of leptin in girls with AN compared with controls. An inverse correlation was noted between levels of leptin and sOB-R for the group as a whole (r = -0.64, P < 0.0001) but not in girls with AN considered alone. The most important predictor of levels of sOB-R was cortisol in the group as a whole (r = 0.61, P < 0.0001) and in girls with AN considered alone (r = 0.66, P = 0.0008). Other independent predictors of sOB-R levels for the entire group were percent body fat (r = -0.44, F = 0.003) and levels of IGF-I (r = -0.37, P = 0.01). The most important predictors of leptin and FLI were body mass indes and percent body fat. An inverse relationship was noted between measures of insulin resistance and soB-R levels, whereas a positive association was noted between these measures and leptin and FLI. Adiponectin values did not differ in girls with AN compared with healthy controls and did not correlate with sOB-K, leptin, or FLI. Weight recovery resulted in significant decreases in levels of the sOB-R (24.7 ± 1.7 to 17.6 ± 1.2 U/ml, P = 0.004), and increases in levels of leptin (4.4 ± 1.0 to 13.7 ± 2.9 μg/liter, P = 0.02). Resumption of menstrual function, but not weight recovery alone, was associated with significant increases in FLI (0.19 ± 0.04 to 0.50 ± 0.09 μg/U × 10-3, P = 0.02). We demonstrate an increase in levels of sOB-R and a decrease in the FLI in adolescent girls with AN, and also demonstrate that cortisol is the most important predictor of levels of sOB-R in this condition. Levels of leptin and FLI, conversely, are primarily predicted by body composition. Weight recovery is associated with a decrease in sOB-R and an increase in leptin. Resumption of menses is associated with significant increases in the FLI, suggesting that free leptin may be an important determinant of menstrual recovery. ER  - 
Effect of growth hormone treatment on adult height in peripubertal children with idiopathic short stature: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial; GH is often used to treat children with idiopathic short stature despite the lack of definitive, long-term studies of efficacy. We performed a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial to determine the effect of GH on adult height in peripubertal children. Subjects (n = 68; 53 males and 15 females), 9-16 yr old, with marked, idiopathic short stature [height or predicted height ≤ -2.5 SD score (SDS)] received either GH (0.074 mg/kg) or placebo sc three times per week until they were near adult height. At study termination, adult height measurements were available for 33 patients after mean treatment duration of 4.4 yr. Adult height was greater in the GH-treated group (-1.81 ± 0.11 SDS, least squares mean ± SEM) than in the placebo-treated group (-2.32 ± 0.17 SDS) by 0.51 SDS (3.7 cm; P < 0.02; 95% confidence interval, 0.10-0.92 SDS). A similar GH effect was demonstrated in terms of adult height SDS minus baseline height SDS and adult height SDS minus baseline predicted height SDS. Modified intent-to-treat analysis in 62 patients treated for at least 6 months indicated a similar GH effect on last observed height SDS (0.52 SDS; 3.8 cm; P < 0.001; 95% confidence interval, 0.22-0.82 SDS) and no important dropout bias. In conclusion, GH treatment increases adult height in peripubertal children with marked idiopathic short stature. ER  - 
Southwick's head-shaft angles: Normal standards and abnormal values observed in obesity and in patients with epiphysiolysis; Southwick's angles measured in the anteroposterior and Lauenstein frog-leg views have been used for planning surgical treatment of deformities caused by slipped capital femoral epiphysis (SCFE). Clinically established epiphysiolysis is associated with a decrease in anteroposterior angles and an increase in Lauenstein angles. Obesity is one of the factors involved in the development of SCFE, but its influence in Southwick's angles has not been previously described. Additionally, few reports describe normal values adjusted for sex and bone age. In this study, we determined Southwick's angles in normal control participants (n = 70), in patients with obesity (n = 31) and in patients with epiphysiolysis (n = 33). The intra-observer variations were 1.7 and 23.3% for the anteroposterior and Lauenstein angles, respectively. No significant differences were detected in the control group when these individuals were compared according to sex or chronological age. Obese patients showed a significant increase in the anterposterior angle when compared with control individuals. The hip with epiphysiolysis presented a significant reduction in the anteroposterior angle and an increase in the Lauenstein angle, when the same was compared with the contralateral hip or with the control values. In patients with unilateral SCFE the Lauenstein angle of the normal hip was detected as increased, which was possibly related to the obesity associated with decreased insulin resistance presented by these patients. We conclude that the detection of risk for developing SCFE should include an expanded clinical and radiological profile characterized by pubertal males who present obesity associated with insulin resistance and an increase in Southwick's anteroposterior angle. © 2004 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Relation between acanthosis nigricans and insulin sensitivity in overweight Hispanic children at risk for type 2 diabetes; OBJECTIVE - To investigate in a population of Hispanic children if 1) the presence of acanthosis nigricans (AN) is related to insulin sensitivity (S i) independent of adiposity and 2) scale scoring AN severity adds to the clinical estimation of insulin sensitivity, above and beyond the presence or absence AN alone. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - The study population, 131 Hispanic overweight children (mean BMI percentile 97.0 ± 3.1, 72 boys, 59 girls, ages 8-13 years, mean Tanner stage 2.4 ± 1.5) with a family history of type 2 diabetes, underwent a physical examination of the neck to determine AN absence or presence (0-1), AN extent score (0-4 scale), AN texture score (0-3 scale), and an AN combined score (extent + texture; 0-7 scale). Si was measured by the frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test and minimal modeling. Multivariate linear regression analysis was used to determine the role of BMI and AN in predicting Si. RESULTS - BMI was the main predictor of Si, explaining ∼41% of the variance. The presence of AN explained an additional 4% of the variability in Si; scale scoring of AN extent or texture did not significantly improve the prediction. CONCLUSIONS - Although AN is an independent risk factor for insulin resistance in overweight Hispanic children at risk for type 2 diabetes, body adiposity is the primary determinant of insulin sensitivity. In addition, scale scoring AN seems of minimal usefulness in clinically estimating the severity of insulin resistance over and above assessing the presence or absence of AN and calculating BMI. ER  - 
Opposing influences of prenatal and postnatal weight gain on adrenarche in normal boys and girls; Associations between low birth weight and higher adrenal androgen secretion before puberty have yet only been reported in case-control studies in girls. We examined the influence of birth weight and early postnatal weight gain on overnight-fasting adrenal androgen and cortisol levels in 770 children from a large normal United Kingdom birth cohort at age 8 yr. In univariate analyses, adrenal androgen levels were inversely related to birth weight SD score in each sex [dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate in boys: regression coefficient (B) = -2.5 μg/dl/SD; 95% confidence interval (CI), -4.7 to -0.2; in girls: B = -3.8 μg/dl/SD; 95% CI, -6.2 to -1.4; androstenedione in boys: B = -0.15 nmol/liter/SD, 95% CI, -0.25 to -0.6; in girls: B = -0.13 nmol/liter/SD; 95% CI, -0.24 to -0.02). In multivariate analyses, both lower birth weight and larger current body weight predicted higher adrenal androgen levels (P < 0.005 for all comparisons). Allowing for current weight, children who showed rapid postnatal weight gain between 0 and 3 yr had higher dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (P = 0.002) and androstenedione (P = 0.004) levels at 8 yr. In contrast, cortisol levels were unrelated to birth weight or current body size. In summary, the relationship between lower birth weight and higher childhood adrenal androgen levels was continuous throughout the range of normal birth weights, and was similar in boys and girls. Adrenal androgen levels were highest in small infants who gained weight rapidly during early childhood. We suggest that higher adrenal androgen secretion could contribute to links between early growth and adult disease risks, possibly by enhancing insulin resistance and central fat deposition. ER  - 
Management of diabetes in childhood: Are children small adults?; Diabetes in childhood is the most common chronic disease and generally fits the type 1 category, even though other forms of non-autoimmune diabetes are now emerging in this age. At variance with adults, children and adolescents undergo physiological process, which may frequently require adjustments of clinical management of diabetes. Moreover, the hormonal and psychological changes during puberty may be crucial in conditioning management. Furthermore, common illnesses frequently affecting children may also destabilise metabolic control. Consequently, education in children is the cornerstone of treatment. This review focuses on the several and peculiar aspects of practical management of diabetes in paediatric age, which require professional figures such as paediatricians, nurses, dieticians, psychologists, social assistants originally trained in paediatric area, able to deal with the age-related medical, educational, nutritional and behavioural issues of diabetes. © 2003 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Direct costs of pediatric diabetes care in Germany and their predictors; Introduction: Cost-of-illness study to evaluate diabetes-related direct costs for the care of diabetic children and adolescents in Germany from the perspective of the statutory health insurance. Material and Methods: For all continuously treated patients < 20 years of age from 89 pediatric departments (n = 6437, 52% male, mean age 12.5 [SD 3.8], diabetes duration 5.2 [3.3] years), diabetes-related hospitalization, ambulatory care, insulin management, glucose self measurement, and treatment with antihypertensive drugs in 2000 were ascertained, as well as metabolic control (HbA1c). Costs per patient-year were calculated in Euros (EUR) based on year 2000 prices. Using multivariate regression, the associations between costs and age, sex, diabetes duration, and metabolic control were evaluated. Results: Mean total costs per patient-year were EUR 2611 (interquartile range 1665-2807). Blood glucose self measurement, hospitalization, and insulin accounted for 37%, 26%, and 21% of the costs, respectively, followed by ambulatory care (9%), injection equipment and glucagon sets (7%), and treatment with antihypertensive drugs (0.1%). The total costs were significantly increased for higher age, longer diabetes duration, and higher HbA1c (p < 0.01). The costs for hospitalization were significantly associated with pubertal age (10-14 years) and poor metabolic control (HbA1c SDS > 5) (p < 0.001). Based on the present estimations, the total direct costs for the care of all diabetic subjects in Germany < 20 years would be EUR 66.8 (95% CI 65.4-68.1) million in 2000. Discussion: Among the direct medical costs of childhood diabetes, the highest economic burden was due to glucose self measurement, hospitalization, and insulin. The costs were considerably higher in adolescents with poor metabolic control, especially the costs for hospitalization. Outpatient education programs in pediatric diabetes care, in particular targeting children with poor metabolic control, should be encouraged, including their evaluation with respect to cost and effectiveness. ER  - 
Pre-pubertal onset of type 1 diabetes and appearance of retinopathy; Objectives: It was suggested that the years of diabetes preceding puberty may not contribute to the development of retinopathy but evidence for this is conflicting. To verify the influence of pre-pubertal diabetes, we compared the correlations between prevalence of retinopathy and diabetes duration in patients who developed type 1 diabetes before and after puberty. Methods: Six hundred and twenty-eight patients with diabetes onset at age ≤ 29, on insulin treatment and aged ≤ 60 at the time of screening for retinopathy were considered retrospectively. Pre-pubertal age was defined as 0-12 in males and 0-11 in females. Two hundred patients had developed diabetes before puberty and 428 after puberty. Screening was by ophthalmoscopy + 35 mm photography or digital photography. Results: Prevalence of retinopathy was lower among patients with pre-pubertal onset and diabetes durations 10-14 and 15-19 years (p = 0.006 and p = 0.003, respectively) but prevalence rates became similar after 20 yrs duration. Conclusion: That retinopathy is infrequent and mild during childhood, is probably due to the short duration of diabetes rather than a specific protective effect of pre-puberty. After 20 years' duration, however, the prevalence of retinopathy is no longer influenced by age at onset, suggesting that, in the longer term, pre-pubertal years do contribute to the onset of retinopathy. ER  - 
Clinical, biochemical and ultrasonographic characteristics of Scandinavian women with PCOS; Background. The aim was to investigate the clinical, biochemical and ultrasonographic characteristics of Scandinavian women with polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS), and to see whether there were any differences between eumenorrhoic and oligoamenorrhoic women. Methods. Eighty women aged between 18 and 40 years with PCOS were investigated in a prospective study. The inclusion criteria were polycystic ovaries (PCO), body mass index (BMI) >25 kg/m 2 and at least one of the following: testosterone >2.5 nmol/L, sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG) <30 nmol/L, fasting C-peptide >1.0 nmol/L, oligoamenorrhea or hirsutism. Results. Eumenorrhoic and oligoamenorrhoic women with PCOS did not differ in age, age at menarche, blood pressure, BMI, free testosterone index (FTI), insulin C-peptide or fasting glucose. A thicker endometrium and a smaller ovarian volume were found in eumenorrhoic compared to oligoamenorrhoic patients. There was linear association between BMI and the number of diagnostic criteria met. Conclusion. BMI was associated with the severity of the PCOS. There were no differences in basic clinical and biochemical parameters between eumenorrhoic and oligoamenorrhoic patients with PCOS. © Acta Obstet Gynecol Scand. ER  - 
Bone mineral density in diabetic children and adolescents: A follow-up study; Objective: To establish whether T1DM can affect bone mineral density (BMD) in children and adolescents. Research design and methods: We performed a cross-sectional and longitudinal study of 57 diabetic children and adolescents and 57 normal controls. Total body and lumbar BMD and bone mineral content (BMC) were assessed by DXA (Lunar DPX) and volumetric transformation was calculated using the Katzman formula for total body BMD (BMAD) and using the Kroger formula for Lumbar BMD (L2L4BMDvol). BMC, BMAD, BMDspine, and L2L4BMDvol were adjusted for confounding factors such as age, gender, BMI, height, weight, and pubertal stage. Results: BMDspine in the control group increased by 0.006 (g/cm 2)/year; while in the 39 diabetic patients longitudinally studied, it dropped by 0.006 (g/cm2)/year during a follow-up period of 51 ± 27 months. The average time spent weekly doing physical activity resulted in T1DM group directly correlated to BCM (P < 0.001) and inversely correlated with BMDspine (P < 0.05) and L2L4BMDvol (P < 0.01). L2L4BMDvol resulted significantly correlated with previous BMD spine (R = 0.63; P < 0.0001) and BMC evaluation (R = 0.42; P < 0.01) but not with BMAD. A second lumbar DXA evaluation performed in 38 patients after 1.00 ± 0.16 years confirmed a small but significant decrease of 1.6% per year in L2L4BMDvol. The percentage of variation of L2L4BMDvol between the two evaluations was not correlated with the level of metabolic control, insulin requirement, and duration of the disease. Patients with complications showed similar L2L4BMDvol to patients without complications. Conclusions: Diabetic children and adolescents show a slight negative pattern of spine mineralization, which does not depend on metabolic control and microvascular complications. © 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The significance of the prepubertal diabetes duration for the development of retinopathy and nephropathy in patients with type 1 diabetes; Objective: A Danish nationwide prospective cohort of children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes was followed for 8 years to study the effect of the prepubertal duration of diabetes on early retinopathy and elevated albumin excretion rate (AER) (>20 μg/min). Research Design and Methods: In 1989, blood glucose control (HbA1c) and AER was investigated in approximately 80% of all Danish children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes. A cohort of 339 young patients were restudied in 1995 including physical examination, demographic data, HbA1c, AER, and fundus photography with central reading. Among the patients, a number of 304 had a prepubertal onset of diabetes defined as an onset age less than 11.7 years in girls and 12.9 years in boys. Microalbuminuria was defined as an AER of 20-150 μg min -1 and macroalbuminuria as AER >150 μg min-1 in two out of three timed overnight urine samples. Results: At the follow-up in 1995-1996, no patients were younger than 12 years of age. The prevalence of any level of retinopathy was 17.7% in the age group 12-15 years, 45.4% from 16 to 20 years, and increased to 67.6% in patients more than 20 years of age. Diabetic retinopathy was significantly associated to poor long-term metabolic control (HbA1c) (P<.0001) and to diabetes duration both in patients with a prepubertal onset of disease as well as patients with a pubertal (P<.001) onset of disease. However, the pubertal diabetes duration contributed two times more than the prepubertal diabetes duration. Mean postpubertal diabetes duration to any retinopathy was significantly shorter (9.4 years) in patients with prepubertal onset of the disease compared to patients with postpubertal onset (11.8 years) (P=.0004). In total, the prevalence of elevated AER (>20 μg/min) increased from 4% in 1989 to 13% in 1995. None of the patients younger than 15 years of age had elevated AER, while the prevalence of elevated AER was about 14% from 15 years of age and onwards. Elevated AER in 1995 was significantly related to long-term metabolic control (P<.001) and elevated AER in the preceding years (P<.001) but was not correlated to diabetes duration neither before nor after the age of 12 years. Conclusion: The prepubertal diabetes duration is significantly associated with the development of diabetic retinopathy. The period, however, contributes less compared to the years after puberty. In concert with other studies, we found no association between raised AER and diabetes duration. This may be explained by the fact that other factors are more significant and dilute the significance of diabetes duration. Nonetheless, it seems prudent to optimise blood glucose control irrespective of age. © 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
A randomized trial of nicotinamide and vitamin E in children with recent onset type 1 diabetes (IMDIAB IX); Objective: Various adjuvant therapies have been introduced along with intensive insulin therapy in patients with recent onset type 1 diabetes. Nicotinamide (NA), administered at diagnosis of the disease, can have beneficial effects on the clinical remission rate, improve metabolic control and preserve or slightly increase beta-cell function, probably by reducing toxicity due to free oxygen radicals. Vitamin E, a known antioxidant, inhibits lipid peroxidation; this can lead to protection of islet beta cells from the combined effects of interleukin 1, tumor necrosis factor and gamma interferon. The aim of the present study was to investigate whether the addition of vitamin E to NA could improve metabolic control and the residual beta-cell function, as measured by C-peptide secretion, in children and adolescents with recent onset type 1 diabetes; patients were followed-up for 2 years after diagnosis. Patients and study design: Recent onset type 1 diabetes patients (n = 64, mean age 8.8 years) were recruited by participating centres of the IMDIAB group. Thirty-two patients were randomized to NA (25 mg/kg body weight) plus vitamin E (15 mg/kg body weight); 32 patients acted as controls and received NA only at the same dose as above. Intensive insulin therapy was applied to both treatment groups. Results: There were three drop outs during the 2-year follow-up period. Overall, patients assigned to the NA + vitamin E group or the NA group did not significantly differ in terms of glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) levels, insulin requirement or baseline C-peptide secretion. Patients diagnosed at an age of less than 9 years showed significantly reduced C-peptide levels compared with those aged over 9 years at diagnosis and at the 2-year follow-up but there were no differences between the NA and NA + vitamin E treated groups. However at 6 months, patients over 9 years of age treated with NA + vitamin E showed significantly higher C-peptide compared with the NA group (P < 0.003). In both age groups and in the different treatment groups, C-peptide levels found at diagnosis were preserved 2 years later. Conclusions: The use of NA alone, or in combination with vitamin E, along with intensive insulin therapy is able to preserve baseline C-peptide secretion for up to 2 years after diagnosis. This finding is of particular interest for pre-pubertal children with type 1 diabetes and has never been reported before. © 2004 Society of the European Journal of Endocrinology. ER  - 
Relationships of serum leptin levels with biochemical markers of bone turnover and with growth factors in normal weight and overweight children; Objective: To examine the hypothesis of an influence of leptin on growth factors and on biochemical markers of bone turnover of prepubertal overweight children. Design and Methods: 395 prepubertal children, 6-13 years of age, were selected and the relationships between circulating serum levels of leptin and insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I), insulin growth factor binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) and some biochemical markers of bone turnover (osteocalcin, OC; carboxyterminal propeptide of type I procollagen, PICP, and carboxyterminal propeptide of type I collagen, ICTP) were analyzed. The subjects were subdivided into normal weight (NW, n = 163) and weight excess (WE, n = 232) subjects. Results and Conclusions: Significant differences between the two groups were found for leptin (p < 0.01), IGF-I (p < 0.01) and IGFBP-3 (p < 0.01), with higher values in WEs, and for OC (p < 0.01) with higher values in NWs. A significant reduction of leptin (p < 0.01) and IGFBP-3 (p < 0.01) serum values and an increase of those of OC (p < 0.01) and PICP (p < 0.05), but not of ICTP, were registered in 103 WEs who showed a drop in weight excess during a weight-excess reduction program. No variations were observed in 26 non-responsive subjects. In a multivariate analysis in which leptin, corrected by BMI and sex, was the independent variable, a significant negative correlation was found with PICP (β = -0.235, p < 0.01), IGF-I (β = -0.180, p < 0.01) and height velocity (β = -0.155, p < 0.01). There was no correlation with OC, ICTP and IGFBP-3. The results demonstrate that nutritional status and leptin levels are involved in the regulation of growth factors and biochemical markers of bone formation. Copyright © 2004 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Five-year follow-up of a 13-year-old boy with a pituitary adenoma causing gigantism - Effect of octreotide therapy; Background/Aim: In children, there is little experience with octreotide therapy for pituitary tumors, especially growth hormone (GH) producing adenomas. We report on a 13-year-old boy with gigantism due to a GH-producing pituitary adenoma caused by a Gsα mutation on the basis of McCune-Albright syndrome. Methods: At the age of 6.5 years a GH- and prolactin-producing pituitary adenoma was diagnosed. The adenoma was surgically removed. Immediately thereafter, the small adenoma residuum was treated with octreotide (2 x 100 μg/day s.c.). Results: During therapy with octreotide, the growth rate dropped to normal values; however, rose again after 2 years of treatment. The insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) levels remained above the 95th percentile, the GH level mostly >2 μg/l. After 5 years of octreotide therapy, GH (6.9 μg/l), IGF-I (620 μg/l), IGF-binding protein 3 (5.4 mg/l), and prolactin (17.0 ng/ml) levels were still elevated. The growth velocity was +2.4 SDS (standard deviation score), the pubertal status was mature, and the bone age was 14.3 years (prospective final height 208 cm). A magnetic resonance imaging scan showed an unchanged residual 4-mm rim of adenoma at the pituitary site. Side effects from octreotide therapy were not reported by the patient or his family. The therapy was changed to the long-acting release octreotide analog octreotide-LAR. After 1 year of treatment with octreotide- LAR, the GH level was 1.0 μg/l, and the prospective final height dropped by 10 cm. Conclusions: This case demonstrates that combined surgical and medical treatment can influence the prognosis of childhood gigantism; however, the prognosis of this rare condition remains uncertain. Copyright © 2004 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Bone mass and structure are enhanced following a 2-year randomized controlled trial of exercise in prepubertal boys; Exercise during growth has a positive influence on bone mineral accrual, yet little is known about how bone geometry and strength adapt to loading during growth. Our primary objective was to compare changes in proximal femur bone geometry and strength between 31 prepubertal (Tanner Stage 1) boys who participated in a school-based, high-impact circuit intervention (12 min, three times a week) for 20 months and 33 maturity-matched controls. Our secondary objective was to compare changes in total body (TB), proximal femur (PF), and lumbar spine (LS) bone mineral content (BMC) and bone area (BA) in these groups. We assessed geometric variables and bone strength at the narrow neck (NN), intertrochanteric (TR) region, and femoral shaft regions by applying the Hip Structure Analysis program to proximal femur dual energy X-ray absorptiometry scans (DXA, Hologic QDR 4500). Further, we assessed total body, lumbar spine, and proximal femur BMC and BA by DXA and derived total body lean mass and fat mass from total body scans. Intervention (10.2 ± 0.5 years) and control boys (10.1 ± 0.5 years) had similar baseline height (140.8 vs. 141.3 cm) and weight (36.9 vs. 35.4 kg), and average 20-month physical activity scores (Physical Activity Questionnaire for Children, PAQ-C) and calcium intakes (861 vs. 852 mg/day, food frequency questionnaire). Twenty-month height and weight changes were not significantly different between groups; lean mass changed more (P < 0.05) in intervention boys (22.8%) than control boys (18.6%). At the NN region, intervention boys had greater bone expansion on both the periosteal (+2.6%, P = 0.1) and endosteal (+2.7%, P = 0.2) surfaces, resulting in significantly greater changes in section modulus (bone bending strength) (+7.5%, P = 0.02, ANCOVA, adjusting for height change, final Tanner Stage, and baseline bone values). Changes at the intertrochanteric and femoral shaft regions were not significantly different between groups. Femoral neck (FN) BMC changes were significantly greater in intervention boys (+4.3%, P < 0.01); changes in BA and BMC for other regions were not significantly different between groups. In summary, a school-based, high-impact exercise intervention implemented three times a week for 12 min is an effective strategy for site-specific gains in bone strength at the narrow neck region of the proximal femur. © 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
INS VNTR is a QTL for the insulin response to oral glucose in obese children; We performed a genotype-phenotype association study to examine whether the insulin VNTR (INS VNTR) polymorphism located in the insulin gene promoter was associated with changes in insulin response to oral glucose. Two classes of INS VNTR alleles are observed in Caucasians, the "short" class I and the "long" class III. Plasma insulin and glucose concentrations and indices of insulin secretion (IGI) and sensitivity (ISI) were measured using an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) in 387 obese children aged 12 ± 0.1 yr with a mean body mass index (BMI) of 30.6 kg/m2 (161% of the normal mean). During OGTT, plasma insulin and IGI were 20-30% higher in I/I obese children vs. III carriers (P < 0.01). A general linear model adjusting for age, sex, and puberty was also used to evaluate the influence of the VNTR genotype on the BMI-IGI (P = 0.07) and the BMI-ISI (P < 0.006) relationships. The INS VNTR can therefore be considered a quantitative trait locus influencing glucose-stimulated insulin physiology in obese juveniles. ER  - 
Cardiac and Vascular Function in Adolescents and Young Adults with Type 1 Diabetes; The objective was to prospectively define cardiac and vascular function in adolescents and young adults with type 1 diabetes over a 3-year period. Thirty-three subjects with type 1 diabetes were studied in 1998, and 28 returned for follow-up in 2001. There were 28 controls without diabetes. All subjects underwent ultrasonography of the carotid artery to determine distensibility, compliance, and intimal-medial thickness, as well as echocardiographic studies, lipid profile, and measurement of hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) levels and urinary albumin excretion rate. The diabetes group showed no significant change over the 3-year follow-up in lipid profile, HbA1c level, or albumin excretion rate, but a significant increase in body mass index. The diabetes and control groups were similar in age, lipid profile, and albumin excretion rate. Carotid artery distensibility and compliance in the diabetes group increased significantly from baseline to follow-up but did not differ significantly from controls. The intimal-medial thickness of the diabetes group remained unchanged over time but tended to be higher than controls. Echocardiographic studies showed no difference between the diabetes and control groups, but there was a small change in left ventricular posterior diastolic wall diameter in the subjects with diabetes over the 3-year period. There was an overall improvement in carotid function and no change in cardiac measures in subjects with diabetes over the 3 years, such that cardiac and vascular function were similar to those of controls. The reason for the improvement is uncertain, but may relate to the improvement of insulin sensitivity at the end of the pubertal growth period, rather than to changes in metabolic control or lipid profiles. ER  - 
Plasma leptin is associated with insulin resistance independent of age, body mass index, fat mass, lipids, and pubertal development in nondiabetic adolescents; OBJECTIVE: The rising epidemic worldwide in overweight and obese children requires urgent attention. Leptin has been found to be associated with body weight control and possibly affects insulin sensitivity. Since insulin resistance is associated with obesity in adults and possibly in adolescents, we set out to investigate the association of plasma leptin level with various anthropometric indices, body fat mass (FM), lipids, and insulin resistance (IR) index in nondiabetic adolescents. DESIGN: A cross-sectional study from three high schools in Taipei City in Taiwan. SUBJECTS: A total of 402 nondiabetic subjects (162 boys and 240 girls; age range, 10-19y; mean age, 15.8 ± 1.9y, and mean body mass index (BMI), 24.8 ± 4.6kg/m2) were recruited. MEASUREMENTS: The fasting plasma leptin, plasma glucose, insulin, lipids, and anthropometric indices including height, weight, waist (WC) and hip circumferences, and waist-to-hip ratio (WHR) were examined. Total body FM and percentage body fat (FM%) were obtained from dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry. The homeostasis model was applied to estimate the degree of IR. RESULTS: The plasma leptin levels were significantly higher in girls (17.45 ± 10.13ng/ml) than boys (8.81 ± 6.71 ng/ml, P<0.001). The plasma leptin levels were positively correlated to BMI, WC, WHR, FM, FM%, and triglycerides (TG). The IR index was positively correlated to BMI, WC, WHR, FM, FM%, TG, and leptin. Using the multivariate linear regression models, we found that plasma leptin remains significantly associated with IR index even after adjusting for age, gender, BMI, FM, WC, Tanner stage, and TG. CONCLUSION: Plasma leptin was associated with IR index independent of age, gender, BMI, FM, WC, Tanner stage, and TG. Plasma leptin levels in adolescents could be a predictor for the development of the metabolic syndrome disorders and cardiovascular diseases. ER  - 
Gender differences in TNF-α levels among obese vs nonobese Latino children; Objective: To examine the relationships between TNF-α, obesity, and insulin resistance among prepubescent children. Design: Cross-sectional study. Setting and subjects: Data were collected from 112 nondiabetic Latino schoolchildren from public schools in three South Florida communities. Of the enrolled participants, 43.8% were obese (BMI 95th percentile) and 51.8% presented with a family history of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). With one exception, all demonstrated normal glucose tolerance. Interventions: Plasma TNF-α levels were determined with enzyme-linked immunosorbance assay (ELISA). Homeostasis model assessment (HOMA-IR) was calculated as an index of insulin resistance. Mean levels of TNF-α among obese vs nonobese children were compared with a one-way analysis of variance with two groups, and the association between TNF-α and HOMA-IR was assessed with a Pearson's correlation. Results: Higher circulating TNF-α levels were revealed among nonobese vs obese children. Nonobese girls demonstrated higher TNF-α levels than obese girls, whereas there were no significant differences for boys. There were no significant differences after stratifying for family history of T2DM. There was a modest relationship between increased TNF-α levels and decreased insulin resistance. Conclusions: The observed elevated circulating TNF-α concentrations among leaner participants may reflect an inflammatory process that has been associated with higher levels of physical fitness in both adults and prepubescent children. This effect may remain stronger for prepubescent girls, and the mechanism may be attenuated by the hormonal changes that occur with the onset of puberty. © 2004 Nature Publishing Group. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Familial central precocious puberty suggests autosomal dominant inheritance; The prevalence of precocious puberty is higher in certain ethnic groups, and some cases may be familial. The aim of this study was to investigate the mode of inheritance of familial precocious puberty and to identify characteristics that distinguish familial from isolated precocious puberty. Of the 453 children referred to our center for suspected precocious puberty between January 1, 1997, and December 31, 2000, 156 (147 girls and 9 boys) were found to have idiopathic central precocious puberty, which was familial in 43 (42 girls and 1 boy) (27.5%). Data of the familial and sporadic cases were compared. The familial group was characterized by a significantly lower maternal age at menarche than the sporadic group (mean, 11.47 ± 1.96 vs. 12.66 ± 1.18 yr; P = 0.0001) and more advanced puberty at admission (Tanner stage 2, 56.5% vs. 78.1%; P = 0.006). Segregation analysis was used to study the mode of inheritance. The segregation ratio for precocious puberty was 0.38 (0.45 after exclusion of young siblings) assuming incomplete penetrance and 0.58 (0.65 after exclusion of young siblings) assuming complete ascertainment. These results suggest autosomal dominant transmission with incomplete, sex-dependent penetrance. ER  - 
Hyperinsulinaemia and increased risk of breast cancer: Findings from the British women's heart and health study; Objective: To assess the association between fasting insulin levels and breast cancer. Design: Cross sectional study. Participants: 3868 women aged 60-79 years. Main outcome measure: Prevalent breast cancer (151 cases). Results: Insulin levels were positively associated with breast cancer. The age adjusted odds ratio (95% confidence interval) for a one unit increase in log(e) insulin levels among women without diabetes was 1.34 (1.02, 1.77). This association was not substantively altered by adjustment for potential confounding factors (age of menopause, hysterectomy/oophorectomy, hormone replacement use, oral contraceptive use, parity, adult social class and smoking) or potential mediating factors (body mass index, waist to hip ratio, leg length, age at menarche and childhood social class). Women with both long legs and higher insulin levels were at particularly increased risk, with breast cancer prevalence being 5.7% among women in the highest thirds of both insulin levels and leg-length compared to 1.8% among those in the lowest thirds of both. Positive associations between insulin levels and breast cancer were found for both pre- and post-menopausal breast cancers. Fasting glucose levels, HOMA score, diabetes and a history of gestational glycosuria or diabetes were also positively associated with breast cancer. Conclusions: Hyperinsulinaemia is positively associated with breast cancer in this cohort of older women. This effect may be mediated via a number of hormonal pathways acting at different stages of the life course. ER  - 
Screening of 1 type diabetes mellitus risk in pediatric age in siblings of diabetic patients in Slovakia; Background: Early detection of pre-clinical development of 1 type diabetes mellitus is facilitated by a combined testing of genetic and immunologic signs. Within the National Diabetologic Programme the Ministry of Health of SR decided to carry out the screening of 1 type diabetes mellitus (DM1) in the families of diabetic children. Patients and methods: In 105 diabetic patients and in 134 siblings - their brothers and sisters - the genetic risk was examined. In 130 siblings the presence of three diabetic autoantibodies was examined. The genetic risk was examined by PCR testing of HLA DQB1 allele gene and insulin allele gene. The congruency of sibling-diabetic genotypes plays an important role. The immunologic risk was assessed by radioimmunologic methods. Results: In the families of 105 diabetics the risk genotypes were found in 67 siblings: identical genotype in 25 siblings, haploidentical in 42 siblings. In the risk subjects diabetic autoantibodies should be examined annually until puberty. Autoantibodies AIA, IA-2A and GAD 65 were examined in 130 siblings with 4 siblings repeatedly revealing positive findings. Within secondary prevention they are applied small doses of insulin. Conclusion: The screening enables to introduce preventive measures that reduce the risk of acute DM1 presentation and provide modes of slowing down or stopping a further development of diabetes into a clinically manifested stage. ER  - 
Metabolic control in adolescent girls: Links to relationality and the female sense of self; OBJECTIVE - This study investigated whether intimacy and autonomy in mother-daughter interactions and relational aspects of the self are associated with metabolic control in adolescent girls with type 1 diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - This cross-sectional study included 88 girls with diabetes (mean age 14.9 ± 2.2 years, diabetes duration 7.1 ± 3.9 years, and HbA1c 8.9 ± 1.6%) from the Diabetes Clinic at the Hospital for Sick Children in Toronto and their mothers. Teens completed a self-report measure assessing self-concept in eight domain-specific areas. Mothers and daughters engaged in a 7-min, videotaped, problem-solving task involving a diabetes-related conflict issue. Interactions were rated using a macroanalytic rating system to assess intimacy and autonomy in parent-teen relationships. Metabolic control was measured using HbA1c. RESULTS - Self-concept in domains of perceived behavioral conduct (P = 0.003), social acceptance (P = 0.03), romantic appeal (P = 0.03), and close friendships (P = 0.04) independently predicted HbA1c levels, together accounting for 30% of the variance. Also, the experience of emotional closeness (i.e., intimacy) rather than separateness (i.e., autonomy) in mother-daughter relationships was associated with lower HbA1c (P = 0.03). CONCLUSIONS - Relational aspects of the self and the experience of emotional closeness in relationships are associated with metabolic control in adolescent girls. Efforts to improve metabolic control in girls should include enhancing the self-concept and the experience of relatedness in familial, peer, and patient-caregiver relationships. ER  - 
Insulin Resistance and Cardiovascular Disease Risk Factors in Children of Parents with the Insulin Resistance (Metabolic) Syndrome; OBJECTIVE - To evaluate whether children of parents with the insulin resistance syndrome (IRS) themselves have greater insulin resistance and unfavorable patterns of cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - This cross-sectional study included 220 white and 36 black children aged 11-15 years identified through a school-based blood pressure screening program, along with 378 of their parents. Measures of insulin resistance (glucose disposal per minute per kilogram of lean body mass in a euglycemic-hyperinsulinemic clamp [Mlbm] and fasting insulin), adiposity, and other CVD risk factors were compared in children with and without a parental history of IRS, defined according to the National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Panel III consensus definition. RESULTS - Compared with children in whom neither parent had IRS, children who had at least one parent with the syndrome had statistically significantly lower mean Mlbm (12.1 vs. 13.6 mg · kg-1 · min-1; P = 0.04) and higher fasting insulin (geometric means 99 vs. 76 pmol/l; P = 0.01) after adjustment for sex, race, age, and Tanner stage. Mean BMI, waist circumference, waist-to-hip ratio, triceps and subscapular skinfolds, and percentage of body fat were also significantly higher in children of an affected parent, but there were no significant differences in lipid or blood pressure levels between the two groups. CONCLUSIONS - Insulin resistance and obesity may be the earliest manifestations of IRS in children with a parental history of the syndrome. ER  - 
Paternal phenotype is associated with microalbuminuria in young adults with Type 1 diabetes mellitus of short duration; Aims: Susceptibility to diabetic nephropathy has not yet been causally linked to any genetic factors. We investigated in nuclear families whether parental ambulatory blood pressure, lipids and urine albumin excretion were early markers of risk of microalbuminuria in young adults with Type 1 diabetes. Subjects and methods: A subset of 98 young adults from the Oxford Regional Prospective Study were followed from diagnosis until aged ≥ 16 years and duration of diabetes ≥ 5 years (probands). Of these subjects, 24 developed microalbuminuria (males ≥ 3.5 mg/mmol; females ≥ 4 mg/mmol) and were designated cases, whereas 74 were controls. Family medical history, 24-h ambulatory blood pressure, urine albumin to creatinine ratio (ACR), non-fasting lipid profile and apolipoproteins (A1 and B) were measured in mothers and fathers. Results: The prevalence of a parental hypertension (taking anti-hypertensive medication or daytime blood pressure > 140/90 mmHg), was similar in cases and controls (29% vs. 35%; χ2 test, P = 0.3). The systolic blood pressure night to day ratio and also ACR were higher in the fathers of cases when compared with the fathers of controls [systolic 0.88 (0.08), n = 14 vs. 0.85 (0.12), n = 53, P = 0.041]; [ACR median (IQ range) 0.6 mg/mmol (0.2-16.9) vs. 0.47 mg/ mmol (0.3-3.7), P = 0.049]. Paternal night-time systolic blood pressure, night to day systolic blood pressure ratio and ACR were correlated with an index of susceptibility to albuminuria (r = 0.25, P = 0.042, n = 69 and r = 0.28, P = 0.022, n = 0.67 and r = 0.24, P = 0.029, n = 0.85, respectively). Conclusions: Higher paternal ACR and night to day ratio of ambulatory blood pressure, but not parental hypertension or maternal factors, are associated with microalbuminuria in young adults with Type 1 diabetes. ER  - 
Short children born small for gestational age and treated with growth hormone for three years have an important catch-down five years after discontinuation of treatment; The potential benefits of GH treatment, resulting in a significant height gain in children born small for gestational age (SGA), have been well documented for the last 10-15 yr. There is, however, no consensus on how to treat patients to attain a normal adult height. We have previously reported in a controlled study that recombinant human GH (1.4 IU/kg·wk or 0.47 mg/kg·wk) given daily induces an important increase in height velocity (HV) in young SGA children with severe short stature. Consequently, a total gain of 2 SD score (SDS) in height resulted in a mean height of -1.3 ± 0.8 SDS after 3 yr of treatment. The aim of the present report was to assess the consequences of interruption of GH treatment during a 5-yr follow-up period on HV, height, bone age (BA), puberty, and glucose tolerance in SGA children. There was a dramatic decrease of HV SDS, especially evident during the early part of the observation period, with a loss of 3.9 HV SDS during the first year. After 5 yr off treatment, mean HSDS was -2.2 ± 1.2, still above the pretreatment level (P < 0.0001). Consequently, the interruption of GH administration resulted in a reduction of 1 SDS in height. However, BA did not advance more than 4 yr, and the ratio ΔBA/Δchronological age at follow-up was similar to pretreatment values. Sixty percent of the children started puberty during the follow-up, and the chronological age and BA at the onset of puberty were 11.4 ± 1.0 yr and 10.9 ± 0.5 yr in girls, and 12.1 ± 1.4 yr and 11.3 ± 1.1 yr in boys, respectively. Oral glucose tolerance testing after 1 yr and up to several years after discontinuation of GH therapy showed only minor, variable, and inconclusive changes in glucose tolerance. In conclusion, we have shown that tolerance and safety data during and after GH treatment continue to be reassuring. A reduction of HV SDS and height SDS 5 yr after interruption of GH therapy is a strong argument for a continuous GH treatment or a discontinuous treatment with short fall-off intervals at least until puberty. ER  - 
Determinants of insulin sensitivity and secretion in very-low-birth-weight children; In prepubertal children, low birth weight is related to reduced insulin sensitivity, particularly if a history of rapid postnatal weight gain is present. We sought to determine whether these associations were also evident in premature, very-low-birth-weight (VLBW) children. We studied 60 VLBW prepubertal children aged 5-7 yr (mean age 5.7 ± 0.7 yr). Birth weights ranged from 690 to 1500 g (mean 1195 ± 31 g), with gestational ages between 25 and 34 wk (median 29 wk). A short iv glucose tolerance test was carried out to assess fasting insulin sensitivity and glucose-stimulated insulin secretion. The effects of current body mass index, birth weight (SD scores), postnatal growth rates, and indicators of postnatal morbidity were evaluated by analysis of covariance. Twenty children were born small for gestational age, and 40 were appropriate for gestational age. Ninety-eight percent of them had attained a height within target range. Children who were small for gestational age had lower insulin sensitivity than children who were appropriate for gestational age (homeostasis model assessment insulin resistance index 1.24 ± 0.17 vs. 0.94 ± 0.08, P < 0.05). Moreover, birth weight SD scores correlated significantly with homeostasis model assessment insulin resistance index (r = -0.326, P = 0.01). This effect persisted after adjustment for current body mass index, gestational age, and perinatal morbidity. In addition, fasting and postload insulin secretion during the short iv glucose tolerance test correlated significantly with early postnatal growth rates, independently of birth weight SD scores. Our findings in a cohort of VLBW prepubertal children indicate that growth in utero as well as postnatal growth rates are independent determinants of subsequent insulin sensitivity and secretion. ER  - 
Insulin resistance is not due to persistently elevated serum tumor necrosis-α levels in small for gestational age, premature, or twin children; Background: In pregnancies with small for gestational age (SGA) fetuses, elevated amniotic fluid tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α) levels have been reported. TNF-α has been shown to induce insulin resistance in rodents and humans. We hypothesized that an adverse fetal or early neonatal environment for SGA, twin, and premature children leads to persistently elevated TNF-α levels that induce insulin resistance in each of these groups. Methods: The study group consisted of 16 SGA, 14 premature, 53 twin subjects, and the control group of 40 normal subjects (10 short-stature and 30 normal-stature). All subjects were prepubertal and non-obese. Insulin sensitivity (SI) was measured in all but the normal-statured control subjects. Fasting plasma TNF-α and cortisol levels were measured in all subjects. Results: The study group had reduced SI [SGA 18.5 ± 3, premature 17.8 ± 2, twin 12.7 ± 0.7 (× 10-4/min/μU/mL)] compared to the short normal control subjects (43 ± 8 × 10-4/min/μU/mL, p < 0.001). Plasma TNF-α levels were lower in the insulin-resistant study group when compared to the control group (2.9 ± 0.1 vs. 5.0 ± 0.2 pg/mL, p < 0.001). An association was present between reduced SI and low plasma TNF-α levels in the study group (p = 0.01, r = 0.4). Fasting plasma cortisol was lower in the study compared to the control group (266 ± 16 vs. 341 ± 28 nmol/L, p < 0.01) due to the influence of the twin study subgroup. There was no relationship between plasma cortisol and TNF-α levels (p = 0.3). Conclusion: SGA, premature, and twin children are insulin resistant and have low plasma TNF-α and cortisol levels. We speculate that the mechanism leading to insulin resistance in these subjects is also suppressing plasma TNF-α and cortisol concentrations. © Blackwell Munksgaard 2004. ER  - 
Levels of apoproteins B, A1 and CIII as markers for cardiovascular risk in lean and obese adolescents; Cardiovascular disease is a significant health problem affecting the adult population. Because atherosclerosis may begin in childhood, the aim of the present study was to identify biochemical markers for cardiovascular risk at an early stage of life. We studied 79 adolescents (48 girls and 31 boys) whose ages ranged from 13 to 17 years. A medical history (including pubertal stage by Tanner) was obtained from each subject. Anthropometric assessment was established by height, weight, body mass index (BMI), waist and hip circumferences, skinfolds, centrality index and obesity index. After a 12-h fast, basal blood glucose levels, total cholesterol, triglycerides, LDL-C and HDL-C were determined by enzymatic methods, mean basal insulin levels by radio immunoassays and apo A1, B, CIII by turbidimetric immunoassays. According to the BMI and taking 25 Kg/m2 as the cutoff value, 35% of the girls and 16% of the boys were obese. Eighty-five percent of the girls and 58% of the boys were hyperinsulinemie (basal insulin > 12uU/ml). Circumferences, skinfolds, centrality and obesity index were higher (p<0.05) in boys than in girls. In both, boys and girls, basal insulin levels were higher than the cutoff insulin value for our lab (> 12 μU/ml), with the girls having higher insulin levels than the boys. Apo A1 was negatively associated with the obesity index and positively with HDL-C. Apo B was related to total cholesterol and LDL-C. Apo CIII was associated with basal insulin levels, triglycerides and VLDL-C. Our results suggest that apo CIII might be a good marker for higher insulin levels, insulin resintance and cardiovascular risk in adolescents. ER  - 
Obesity and the Development of Insulin Resistance and Impaired Fasting Glucose in Black and White Adolescent Girls: A longitudinal study; OBJECTIVE - Age at onset of type 2 diabetes has decreased during the past 20 years, especially in black women. Studies of factors associated with insulin resistance and hyperglycemia in preadolescent and adolescent populations are essential to understanding diabetes development. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - The National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute (NHLB1) Growth and Health Study (NGHS) is a 10-year cohort study of the development of obesity in black and white girls. Two NGHS centers examined the associations of obesity, puberty, and race with fasting insulin, glucose, and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR; a calculated index of insulin resistance) measures at 9-10 years of age (baseline) and 10 years later. RESULTS - Black girls had greater baseline and year-10 BMI than white girls, with a greater 10-year incidence of obesity. BMI-insulin correlations were positive in both black and white girls at both visits, but insulin remained higher in black girls after controlling for BMI. In black girls, insulin and HOMA-IR were higher in the prepubertal period (before the emergence of racial differences in BMI), increased more during puberty, and decreased less with its completion. Baseline BMI predicted year-10 glucose and the development of impaired fasting glucose (IFG) in black girls. In white girls, the rate of BMI increase during follow-up predicted these outcomes. The 10-year incidence of diabetes in black girls was 1.4%. CONCLUSIONS - Black-white differences in insulin resistance are not just a consequence of obesity, but precede the pubertal divergence in BMI. The development of IFG appears to be a function of the rate of increase of BMI in white girls and early obesity in black girls. ER  - 
Physical exercise and bone development in chronically ill children; Children with chronic diseases are at increased risk of sub-optimal bone mineral acquisition and osteoporosis, especially those who have a growth and pubertal delay, reduced physical activity, inadequate nutrition, malabsorption or take medications which may influence bone development. Weight-bearing physical activity has a beneficial effect on bone development of healthy children but little is known in children with chronic diseases. Preliminary results of our cross-sectional study in children with juvenile idiopathic arthritis (JIA) suggest that hip bone mineral density is positively related with physical fitness and muscle strength and is reduced at the more affected side. We have initiated two randomized controlled trials to determine the effects of a moderate impact exercise training program on bone mineral density of children with JIA and type 1 diabetes mellitus. ER  - 
Growth hormone and prolactin secretion after external cranial irradiation for extrasellar tumours; Background: Deficiency of one or more anterior pituitary hormones may follow treatment with external radiation when hypothalamo-pituitary axis lies within the field of radiation. Patients with brain tumours who are treated with radiation frequently have growth hormone (GH) deficiency, other neuro-endocrine abnormalities are presumed to be uncommon. The present study has been undertaken with the aim to study GH and prolactin secretion, their relationship with dose of radiotherapy and duration after radiotherapy in patients who have received extracranial radiation for extrasellar tumours. Method: In this study, 96 patients who underwent cranial radiation before 12 months, were evaluated. Basal 8 a.m. venous blood samples were taken for estimation of prolactin and GH. Insulin tolerance test was performed for stimulated GH levels. Result: GH deficiency was present in 59% patients. Isolated GH deficiency was present in 12 (21%) cases, whereas others had associated hormone deficiency. Height percentiles of prepubertal and pubertal patients were 10th to 25th (-1.5 to -0.5SD). Patients with isolated GH deficiency had received significantly higher radiation dose than normal pituitary function (5795 ± 24 vs 4908 ± 71, p=0.001). Proportion of patients with GH deficiency increased with increasing dose of radiation (p=0.12), fractional dose of radiation (p=0.08) and increasing duration after radiotherapy (p=0.038). GH levels among all decreased significantly with increasing dose of radiation (p=0.02). Hyperprolactinemia was present in 21% of cases. GH deficiency is more common with lower (<5ng/ml) and higher (>15ng/ml) prolactin levels. Conclusion: GH deficiency is common after extracranial radiation for extrasellar tumours. GH deficiency is related to dose of radiation, fraction of radiation, and duration after radiotherapy. All prepubertal and pubertal patients with GH deficiency had their height percentile within normal range. Relation of prolactin and GH deficiency indicates that radiation affects both hypothalamus and pituitary. ER  - 
Correlates of obesity in postmenopausal women with breast cancer: Comparison of genetic, demographic, disease-related, life history and dietary factors; BACKGROUND: Obesity in women has been associated with a variety of factors, including genetic predisposition, social class, early age at menarche, exercise, alcohol consumption and diet. Obesity is a risk factor for the occurrence and the recurrence of breast cancer in postmenopausal women, perhaps because of increased exposure to estrogen, insulin and insulin-like growth factors (IGFs). The progesterone receptor (PR) and the steroid hormone receptor coactivator pCIP/ACTR/AIB1/TRAM1/RAC3 (AIB1) are hypothesized to mediate signaling crosstalk between these hormonal pathways. Polymorphisms in both genes have been described and their association with breast cancer risk reported. If genetic factors contribute to obesity, and the PR and AIB1 genes influence estrogenic, insulin and IGF pathways, then genetic patterns resulting from PR and AIB1 polymorphisms may be associated with obesity in postmenopausal women. OBJECTIVE: We compared the PR and AIB1 genotypes of postmenopausal women with breast cancer with demographic, disease-related, reproductive, lifestyle and dietary variables in terms of the strength of their relationship with obesity (BMI ≥ 30 kg/m2). SUBJECTS: A total of 301 postmenopausal women previously diagnosed with Stage I, II or IIIA breast cancer, who are enrolled in the Women's Healthy Eating and Living (WHEL) study (age: 34.5-70.8 y, BMI: 17.8-54.6 kg/m2). MEASUREMENTS: The PR polymorphism PROGINS was identified by PCR. The length of the AIB1 polyglutamine repeat was determined by PCR and nondenaturing gel electrophoresis or DNA sequencing. BMI was obtained at the baseline clinic visit upon entry into the WHEL study. Information about date of diagnosis, stage of disease, tumor hormone receptor status and adjuvant treatment received were obtained from medical records. Reproductive, menstrual history, demographic, family history of cancer, smoking history and exercise frequency and intensity information were obtained from questionnaires. Dietary and alcohol intake data came from four 24-h telephone recalls of food intake obtained at the study entry. RESULTS: The combined inheritance of PROGINS A1/A1 and AIB1 28/29, 28/30, 28/31, 29/29 or 29/30 (AIB1 LG) genotypes (adjusted odds ratio (OR) = 2.22 (95% confidence interval 1.25-3.93)) and early age at menarche (< 12 y) (adjusted OR = 2.34 (1.12-4.86)) were each associated with the risk for obesity. Current use of tamoxifen (adjusted OR = 0.49 (0.28-0.87)) and an alcohol intake ≥ 10 g/day (adjusted OR = 0.28 (0.11-0.77)) were inversely associated with BMI ≥ 30 kg/m2. CONCLUSION: Early age at menarche and a PROGINS A1/A1 + AIB1 LG genetic pattern had comparable levels of association with obesity in this cross-sectional sample of postmenopausal women with breast cancer. Since this was a cross-sectional rather than a case-control design, the association between PROGINS and AIB1 genotype and obesity found in this sample should be considered preliminary, and must be re-evaluated with a new and larger sample. ER  - 
Importance of Estrogen on Bone Health in Turner Syndrome: A Cross-Sectional and Longitudinal Study Using Dual-Energy X-Ray Absorptiometry; Osteoporosis and fractures are features in adults with Turner syndrome (TS). Using dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry, correcting bone mineral content (BMC) for height and lean mass (LTM) avoids misclassification of short children as osteopenic. Total body (TB), lumbar spine (LS), and femoral neck (FN) dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry scans were performed on 83 patients with TS (aged 4-24 yr). A prepubertal subgroup (n = 17) receiving GH was followed for 24 months. Age z-scores for height, TB BMC, LTM, the BMC/LTM ratio, and LS volumetric bone mineral density (vBMD) decreased significantly (P < 0.001) with age in prepubertal subjects (n = 51) but were constant in the combined pubertal and post-menarchal group (n = 32). Osteopenia was found in 14.5% (TB), 15.8% (LS), and 28.4% (FN) of patients. In the longitudinal subgroup, TB BMC z-scores decreased by -0.28 (0.31) in subjects remaining prepubertal (n = 11) but increased by 0.71 (0.56) in subjects entering puberty (n = 6; P = 0.007). The z-scores for height and LTM increased in both groups. Our results show a height-independent prepubertal decrease in bone mass accrual, which ceased with puberty. Optimizing bone mass in TS may require earlier induction of puberty than currently recommended. However, reduced FN volumetric bone mineral density and a dissociation of bone and muscle measures were age independent, suggesting an additional intrinsic bone defect. ER  - 
The Role of Autonomy and Pubertal Status in Understanding Age Differences in Maternal Involvement in Diabetes Responsibility across Adolescence; Objective: To examine how autonomy and pubertal status explain age decreases in maternal involvement in type 1 diabetes management across adolescence, how they relate to metabolic control, and the reasons that guide declines in maternal involvement. Methods: One hundred twenty-seven children ages 10-15 years with type 1 diabetes and their mothers participated. Data included maternal and child report of diabetes management, child report of autonomy level, maternal report of pubertal status, maternal reports of reasons for transfer of diabetes responsibility, and glycosylated hemoglobin (Hba 1c) values. Results: Autonomy and pubertal status partially mediated age effects on reports of maternal involvement. Mothers' reasons for transferring responsibility included responding to the child's competence, promoting competence and maturity in their child, and minimizing hassles and conflict. The transfer of diabetes responsibility from mother to child without sufficient autonomy and when pubertal status was low was related to higher Hba1c values. Conclusions: The importance of chronological age for changes in maternal involvement suggests the need to examine mothers' and adolescents' developmental expectations for diabetes management. The reasons for transferring responsibility from mother to child suggest many avenues for intervention. ER  - 
Treatment outcome in Turner Syndrome; Short stature is an almost universal feature of Turner Syndrome (TS) with patients having a mean adult height up to 20 cm less than that of the general female population. As a result a significant focus of medical management in TS is on growth promoting strategies. The aim of this study was to assess factors influencing final height in those with TS and evaluate the response to various treatments. A retrospective study was performed in 2 Dublin centres. The age of commencement, cessation, dose and duration of treatment was calculated for growth hormone, oestrogen and oxandrolone, either alone or in combination. Additional factors known to influence growth in TS were also examined. The mean final height achieved was 147.31 cm (SD 4.77), the mean predicted height was 142.81 (SD 5.63). Height gain was 4.28 cm (SD 4.93). All patients received growth hormone. 75 % of patients received oestrogen and 35% received oxandrolone. The maximal height gain of 6.71 cm (SD 2.43) in the triple therapy group. Parental height was found to have a significant correlation with final height (r=0.591). Spontaneous menarche in TS was associated with a poor adult height (r=-0.522), mean height 144.03 cm. (SD 3.23) whereas those with induced menarche had a mean height of 148.43 cm (SD 4.67). Growth hormone therapy improves the mean final height in TS. However, the degree of height gain is influenced by confounding variables of parental height and age and tempo of puberty and treatment variables. ER  - 
Fertility and pregnancy outcomes in men and women with cystic fibrosis in the United Kingdom; Background: The survival of patients with cystic fibrosis (CF) now occurs into the fourth decade of life. Our aim was to evaluate the fertility and pregnancy outcomes of men and women with cystic fibrosis within a large British cohort. Methods: A population based cohort study of 4659 males and females registered with the UK Cystic Fibrosis Database in 2001. Results: Poor respiratory health (forced expiratory volume in 1 s FEV1 <50%) and CF-related diabetes increased significantly post-puberty compared with childhood. Few individuals with CF sought fertility treatment (1% men, 0.5% women) or achieved pregnancies (1.3% of partners of men, 5.7% women). However, the majority of pregnancies had a good outcome (67% live term birth among male partners, 74% among women). Women who achieved a pregnancy were less likely to suffer from poor respiratory health (FEV1 <50%), age adjusted Odds Ratio 0.6 (95% CI 0.3-0.9), less likely to be homozygous for the DF508 genotype OR 0.5 (95% CI 0.3-0.9) and had a significantly earlier median age at diagnosis (0 years vs 2 years, P = 0.001). Conclusions: Increasing numbers of males and females with cystic fibrosis are reaching reproductive age but currently very few have a child. Optimal adult health should improve the reproductive prognosis for both men and women. © European Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology 2004; all rights reserved. ER  - 
Childhood migration and cardiovascular risk; Background. Childhood living conditions have been hypothesized to be associated with the development of cardiovascular diseases and diabetes mellitus in adult life. Methods. We analysed, using logistic regression, the risk of self-reported diabetes, hypertension, hyperlipidaemia, and ischaemic heart disease in a population-based sample of 3643 Chinese men and 3778 Chinese women some of whom had experienced a change to more favourable economic conditions at different life stages through migration from mainland China to Hong Kong. Results. Adjusting for socio-economic status, risk behaviours, and family history, the development of diabetes was associated with migration from China to Hong Kong in the first two decades of life, albeit with a decreasing intensity of effect (OR = 2.02, 95% CI: 1.18, 3.45, OR = 1.84, 95% CI: 1.27, 2.66, and OR = 1.72, 95% CI: 1.21, 2.45 for migration at ages 0-7, 8-17, and 18-24, respectively). The development of hypertension was mostly susceptible to environmental change during the growth spurt and puberty (migration at ages 8-17 OR = 1.56, 95% CI: 1.22, 1.99). The development of heart disease was associated with a sex-specific critical period in early childhood for men (migration at ages 0-7 OR = 3.17, 95% CI: 1.70, 5.91). Conclusion. Environmental change by migration throughout the first two decades of life can affect the development of diabetes, hypertension, hyperlipidaemia, and ischaemic heart disease, although adverse childhood conditions alone may not be a risk factor. Our results suggest that specific life course pathways may pre-dispose to these conditions and could be relevant to their aetiology in populations undergoing rapid development. © International Epidemiological Association 2004; all rights reserved. ER  - 
Mothers' attachment insecurity and diabetes-related autoantibodies in their infants; Psychological stress may, via hormonal levels, increase insulin resistance. The aim of this study was to investigate whether mothers' attachment insecurity is associated with the induction or progression of diabetes-related autoimmunity in early childhood. Adult attachment interviews were conducted with 18 mothers of infants who were positive, and 32 mothers of infants who were negative, for glutamic acid decarboxylase, selected from ABIS, a large prospective population-based project. The proportion of children with insecure mothers was larger, but not significantly so, in the autoantibody-positive group than in the negative group. If an association exists between maternal attachment insecurity and diabetes-related autoimmunity during infancy, it does not appear to be strong. © 2004 New York Academy of Sciences. ER  - 
Fasting insulin sensitivity and post-oral glucose hyperinsulinaemia related to cardiovascular risk factors in adolescents with precocious pubarche; OBJECTIVE: Adolescents and young women with a history of precocious pubarche (PP, appearance of pubic hair before 8 years) exhibit hyperlipidaemia, and ovarian hyperandrogenism, indicating increased risk of coronary heart disease in the long term. The aim of this study was to determine the relative contribution of fasting insulin sensitivity, and post oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) measures of insulin secretion to metabolic risk markers of adult disease. PATIENTS AND DESIGN: We have analysed data from 51 young women presenting with isolated PP (age range, 5.9-19.0 years) in early, mid and late puberty and 68 puberty-matched controls (age range, 6.2-16.8 years). Body composition data from a further 67 girls with PP are also presented. MEASUREMENTS: The homeostasis model of assessment insulin sensitivity index (HOMA Si) based on fasting glucose and insulin measurements and MSI 120 based on insulin levels over the first 120 min following standard oral glucose load were selected as measures of fasting insulin sensitivity and 0-120-min insulinaemia, respectively. ISI30 was used as an index of insulin secretion 30 min following oral glucose load. RESULTS: The physiological decrease in fasting insulin sensitivity, 30-min insulin secretion and 0-120-min insulinaemia during puberty were exaggerated in PP girls.The relationship between fasting insulin sensitivity and 0-120-min insulinaemia was similar in PP girls and in controls but at each level of fasting insulin sensitivity the PP girls had a higher level of insulin secretion in response to an oral glucose load (P < 0.001). Fasting Insulin sensitivity and 0-120 minute insulinaemia but not 30-min insulin secretion were strongly related to known cardiovascular risk factors. In a multivariate model incorporating fasting insulin sensitivity, 0-120-min insulinaemia, pubertal stage and body mass index (BMI) SDS as covariates, 0-120-min insulinaemia was strongly associated with elevated free androgen index, total cholesterol and truncal fat mass (P < 0.001) whereas fasting insulin sensitivity was associated only with reduced free androgen index (P < 0.02). CONCLUSIONS: Chronic exposure to insulin as reflected by 0-120 min hyperinsulinaemia, rather than 30 min insulin secretion, or fasting insulin senstivity, was most closely related cardiovascular disease risk in girls with PP. ER  - 
Final height data, body composition and glucose metabolism in growth hormone-treated short children born small for gestational age; Low birth weight has been associated with impaired insulin sensitivity, type 2 diabetes mellitus, hypertension and cardiovascular disease in later life. GH therapy is known to increase fasting and postprandial insulin levels. For this reason concern has been expressed regarding the possible detrimental effects of GH therapy in children born small for gestational age (SGA). To assess the effects of GH therapy on body composition, carbohydrate metabolism and final height in short SGA children, 165 prepubertal short children born SGA were enrolled in either a multicentre, double-blind, randomized, dose-response GH trial (n = 75) or in a GH controlled trial (n = 90). The inclusion criteria were: (1) birth length standard deviation score (SDS) below -2; (2) age 3-8 years; (3) height SDS below -2. The children's mean (SD) age was 7.3 (2.1) years (GH dose-response trial) and 6.0 (1.5) years (GH controlled trial), birth length SDS was -3.6 and height SDS was -3.0 (0.7). In the GH dose-response trial, children were randomly assigned to either 1 mg GH/m2 per day (group A, n = 41) or 2 mg GH/m2 per day (group B, n = 38) (≈0.033 or 0.067 mg/kg per day, respectively). In the GH controlled trial, children were randomly assigned to 1 mg GH/m2 per day (n = 60) or served as controls (n = 30). Subjects underwent standard oral glucose tolerance tests and measurement of body mass index, systolic and diastolic blood pressure and serum lipids at baseline and after 1 and 6 years of GH therapy and again 6 months after discontinuation of GH. Body composition was measured by dual energy x-ray absorptiometry at baseline and again after 3 years in the GH controlled trial. Mean (SD) final height SDS was not significantly different between the two GH dosage groups: -1.2 (0.7) in group A and -0.8 (0.7) in group B. At the start of GH therapy, 8% of children had impaired glucose tolerance (IGT). Systolic blood pressure was significantly higher in comparison with healthy peers. GH therapy induced considerably higher fasting and glucose-stimulated insulin levels after 1 and 6 years, regardless of GH dosage. After 6 years, 4% of children had IGT. Six months after discontinuation of GH, glucose levels remained normal, whereas fasting and glucose-stimulated insulin returned to levels comparable to those of healthy peers. None of the children developed diabetes. During 6 years of GH therapy both systolic and diastolic blood pressure decreased significantly and remained so after discontinuation of GH therapy. At baseline all children had reduced bone mineral content and lean body mass. Fat mass was not significantly lower than normal. Treatment with 1 mg GH/m2 per day resulted in a significant increase in (and normalization of) bone mineral content and lean body mass in comparison with untreated short SGA controls. Fat mass decreased during the first year of GH but returned to values comparable to those at baseline in the following 2 years of GH therapy. We found that long-term, continuous GH therapy in short children born SGA leads to a normalization of height during childhood and to a normal final height in most children, regardless of GH dosage. Only very short or relatively older children may need a dosage of 2 mg GH/m2 per day. Long-term GH therapy had no adverse effects on glucose levels and serum lipids and had a positive effect on blood pressure, even with GH dosages of up to 2 mg/m2 per day. However, as has been reported in other patient groups, GH induced higher fasting and glucose-stimulated insulin levels, indicating insulin resistance. After discontinuation of GH serum insulin levels returned to normal age-reference levels. Short SGA children have a reduction in bone mineral content and lean body mass when compared with healthy controls, which significantly improved (normalized) with GH therapy at a dose of 1 mg/m2 per day. Copyright © 2003 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Lichen sclerosus; Lichen sclerosus (LS), formerly called lichen sclerosus et atrophicus, is a chronic inflammatory disease of the skin, characterized by the presence of papules or atrophic, white plaques of unknown etiology, which primarily affects post-menopausal women. Prevalence in the general population is estimated at 1 of every 300-1000 individuals. There may be extragenital lesions, but most appear in the genital area. Cases of LS coexisting with lichen planus and morphea lesions have been repeatedly described, with both at the same time, and even with systemic scleroderma. Two thirds of the cases in children experience improvement or a cure with the onset of menarche, while adult forms tend to chronicity, with periods of exacerbation and remission; it may progress to spindle-cell carcinoma. Strong topical corticosteroids have proven to be the most effective treatment. ER  - 
Association of Serum Adiponectin Levels with Breast Cancer Risk; Purpose: Adiponectin is a peptide hormone secreted from the adipose tissue, affecting the proliferation and insulin sensitivity of various types of cells. Because association of obesity with breast cancer risk is well established, it is possible that adiponectin plays some role in the development of breast cancer. Thus, in the present study, the association of the serum adiponectin levels with breast cancer risk was investigated. Experimental Design: A case-control study was conducted on 102 breast cancer patients (cases) and 100 healthy women (controls). The serum adiponectin levels of cases and controls were examined in their association with breast cancer risk after adjustment for the various classical risk factors (family history, age at menarche, parity, body mass index, and so forth). In addition, the relationship between the serum adiponectin levels and the various clinicopathological characteristics of breast cancers was studied. Results: Women in the low tertile of serum adiponectin levels were associated with a significantly (P < 0.005) increased risk for breast cancer compared with women in the high tertile [odds ratio (OR), 3.63; 95% confidence interval (CI), 1.61-8.19]. Such an association was observed both in the premenopausal women (OR, 3.46; 95% CI, 0.89-13.50) and in the postmenopausal women (OR, 3.90; 95% CI, 1.23-12.44). The frequency of large (& 2 cm) tumors and that of high histological grade (2+3) tumors were significantly (P < 0.005 and P < 0.05, respectively) higher in breast cancer patients in the low tertile of the serum adiponectin levels than those in the high and intermediate tertiles. Conclusions: These results suggest that the low serum adiponectin levels are significantly associated with an increased risk for breast cancer and that tumors arising in women with the low serum adiponectin levels are more likely to show a biologically aggressive phenotype. The association between obesity and breast cancer risk might be partly explained by adiponectin. ER  - 
Serum Levels of Insulin-like Growth Hormone and Glycemic Control - Impact of Growth in Children and Adolescents with Type 1 Diabetes; Over the last years the prognosis for growth and pubertal development in children and adolescents with type 1 Diabetes mellitus has improved considerably. Despite all failure of intensified insulin therapy to restore the IGF-1 levels to normal contribute to growth abnormalities in some diabetic children. Objective: To exanimate the growth in children and adolescents with Diabetes mellitus type 1 and analyze its relationship with glycemic control, serum levels of insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) and duration of disease. Patients/Material and Methods: We investigated 125 diabetic children and adolescents, aged 1 to 18 years, and 67 healthy control subjects. All of them were divided in 5 groups according to age and puberty stage. We measured height, HbA1c and serum levels of IGF-1 in basal conditions. Results: The present study shows an association of height SDS and duration of diabetes. There is significant decrease in height SDS in children with over 1 year evolution of disease compared to healthy controls. Mean values of IGF-1 increased with age peaking at puberty stages IV-V in both diabetic patients and controls. In all age groups the serum levels of IGF-1 were reduced significantly in diabetic patients in comparison to controls, excluding the second age group (4-8 ys.). We found positive correlation between the level of IGF-1 and height in both diabetic patients and controls (r = 0.63, p < 0.0001 and r = 0.72, p < 0.0001 respectively). A negative correlation between IGF-1 and HbA1c levels was found in diabetic patients (r = -0.23, p = 0.01). Even modest derangements of metabolic control lead to significant decrease in height SDS. Conclusions: Our results show the role of metabolic control, duration of disease and decreased level of IGF-1 for growth in children and adolescents with diabetes mellitus type 1. ER  - 
Is overweight in patients with type 1 diabetes in the puberty a problem?; Aim of the study was the appreciation of the body mass index (BMI) of adolescents with diabetes type 1 treated with different methods of insulin therapy as well as the correlation of the BMI with the age of the patients, duration of the diabetes therapy and with the metabolic control. Material and methods: The examinations included 205 patients aged 14 to 18 years (X 16.8). The examined group consisted of 112 girls (54.5%) and 93 boys (45.5%). In all the patients the body mass index (BMI) was calculated HbA1c, total cholesterol, HDL, LDL, trigliceryde the duration and method of therapy of diabetes were determined. The patients were divided in 4 groups. Group 1 and 3 included patients treated with insulin in multiple daily doses (4-5 doses). Group 1 included 49 girls, group 3-36 boys. In group 2 and 4 there were patients treated with intensive therapy with insulin analoques (Humalog, NOVO Rapid) and NPH insulin. In group 2 there were 63 girls, in group 4 -57 boys. Results: In the groups of boys higher statistically significant levels of HbA1c were observed in those treated with multiple daily doses (gr. 3), the body mass index was higher in boys treated with insulin analoques (gr. 4) [p-<0.05, vs p-<0.05] Conclusions: 1. The therapy of diabetes type 1 in the puberty with multiple daily doses as well as with the intensive method is not a risk factor for obesity. 2. Normal weight evidenced a proper diabetic metabolic control and a good education about the rational diet and optimal insulin dose. 3. In patients in whom BMI is over normal range it is urgently necessary to verify of the therapeutical management. 4. In patients with diabetes type 1 a strict control of body mass index and the growth velocity during each visit in the out patients is necessary. ER  - 
Longitudinal changes in risk variables underlying metabolic Syndrome X from childhood to young adulthood in female subjects with a history of early menarche: The Bogalusa Heart Study; OBJECTIVES: To examine the longitudinal changes in adiposity and related risk variables of Syndrome X from childhood to young adulthood with respect to early onset of menarche. DESIGN: Community-based longitudinal cohort of female subject (65% white, 35% blacks subjects) who participated in two or more surveys from childhood to young adulthood and had reported their menarcheal age (< 12 y, n = 437 vs ≥ 12 y, n = 1042). RESULTS: In childhood (5-11 y), adolescence (12-18 y), and young adulthood (19-37 y), females with early menarche displayed significantly higher body mass index (BMI) and triceps skinfold thickness; higher stature in childhood and adolescence; higher fasting insulin and homeostasis model assessment index of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) in childhood and adulthood; and higher fasting glucose in adulthood. Blood pressure and lipoprotein variables showed no early menarche-related differences. Longitudinal rates of change in BMI (P = 0.002), triceps skinfold thickness (P = 0.05), insulin (P = 0.09), and HOMA-IR (P = 0.05) were positive and faster among female subjects with early menarche; fasting glucose decreased slowly in this group (P = 0.006). In a multivariate analysis, body fatness and insulin related independently to early menarche (P < 0.001). This association was stronger in white subjects (P = 0.0008). In adulthood, the prevalence of clustering of three to four risk factors of syndrome X (highest quartile of: (1) BMI, (2) fasting insulin, (3) systolic or mean arterial pressure, and (4) total cholesterol to HDL cholesterol or triglycerides to HDL cholesterol ratio specific for age, race, and study year) was higher among those with early menarche (10.7 vs 6.2%, P = 0.002). The odds for developing such clustering in adulthood among those with early menarche was 1.54 (95% CI = 1.14-2.07), regardless of race. CONCLUSION: Early menarche is characterized by excess body fatness and insulin beginning in early childhood and higher prevalence of clustering of adverse levels of risk variables of metabolic Syndrome X in young adulthood. ER  - 
Physical Activity and Cancer Prevention - Mechanisms; Purpose: This paper presents potential mechanisms by which exercise or physical activity may affect cancer development. Methods: Analysis of published and unpublished experimental and epidemiological data from the cancer-activity literature and from other fields of study are compiled to provide a summary of potential mechanisms by which exercise may mediate cancer development. Results: Exercise appears to have a beneficial effect relative to cancer development, and the reader is referred to other sections of this symposium. To date however, the mechanism(s) remains unknown. Potential mechanisms influenced by exercise include alterations in steroid hormones or insulin/insulin-like growth factors, immune modulation, alterations in free radical generation, changes in body composition or weight, and direct effects on the tumor. Cancer is a complex process. It is clear that multiple mechanisms may be operative and that the characteristics of the individual, type of exercise, as well as type of cancer and stage of carcinogenesis will affect which mechanisms may affect the disease. More experimental research in both animal models and in human clinical studies is needed to understand the basic biological mechanisms underlying the effect of physical activity on cancer. Conclusion: In general, physical activity is associated with reduced risk of cancer development, yet to date, the mechanisms remain unknown. ER  - 
Pubertal course of persistently short children born small for gestational age (SGA) compared with idiopathic short children born appropriate for gestational age (AGA); Objective: Few data are available on the pubertal development of children born small for gestational age (SGA) who fail to show catch-up growth. Design: A longitudinal analysis compared the pubertal course of persistently short children born SGA compared to children with idiopathic short stature who were appropriate for gestational age (AGA). One hundred and twenty-eight short children (height SDS < - 1.7), including 76 (31 boys) born SGA and 52 (22 boys) born AGA, were regularly followed from early childhood to completion of puberty. Results: Puberty was attained at normal age (10.5-14 years in boys, 9.5-13 years in girls) for most children in both the SGA and AGA groups (boys, 80% and 77%; girls, 76% and 78% respectively). The duration of puberty was similar in the SGA and AGA groups. Menarche occurred at normal age range but was significantly earlier in the SGA girls (P < 0.01 by ANOVA). Despite the similar total pubertal growth, the patterns of growth differed significantly: SGA group - accelerated growth and bone maturation rates from onset of puberty with peak height velocity at Tanner stages 2-3, followed by a decelerated growth rate and earlier fusion of the epiphyses; AGA group - steady progression of bone elongation and maturation throughout puberty (pubertal growth, P < 0.05 in both sexes; bone maturation, P < 0.001 in both sexes). Final height in the SGA group was compromised compared with their target height (P < 0.001). Conclusion: Children born SGA have a normal pubertal course with a distinct pubertal growth pattern. This pattern may represent an altered regulation of their growth modalities. ER  - 
Growth and puberty in thalassemia major; Present transfusional regimen protocols increase the life expectancy of patients with β-thalassemia major, but cause a progressive iron overload that can be prevented or limited only by appropriate iron chelation. Siderosis is responsible for the clinical complications of the disease. Short stature and hypogonadism are extremely frequent in patients with thalassemia. Many factors are responsible for short stature in patients with thalassemia, the most important of which are dysfunction of the GH-IGF-I axis and desferoxamine (DFX)-induced bone dysplasia. Hypogonadism is the most frequent endocrine complication, mostly due to gonadotrophins deficiency secondary to iron overload. Sex steroid treatment for induction of puberty and/or maintenance of sexual characteristics is necessary. Both short stature and hypogonadism are present in a significant percentage of bone marrow transplanted patients with thalassemia. Factors responsible for short stature are previous iron overload, liver impairment, DFX treatment, and toxicity of chemotherapeutic agents. In some patients absence of pubertal development is due to gonadotropin insufficiency, probably secondary to previous iron overload; other patients exhibit hypergonadotrophic hypogonadism due to the toxic effect of chemotherapeutic agents on the gonads. Both groups need hormonal replacement therapy. These data support the need for vigilant follow-up of patients with thalassemia before and after transplantation, in order to treat endocrine dysfunctions at the appropriate age. ER  - 
Coexistence of impaired indices of autonomic neuropathy and diabetic nephropathy in a cohort of children with type 1 diabetes mellitus; One hundred and twenty-nine (87%) out of a county population of 150 eligible children with type 1 diabetes mellitus (DM) and 144 age- and sex-matched control children participated in a longitudinal, epidemiological study of the evolution of diabetic microvascular disease. The mean (SD) age of the children with DM was 12.4 (±3.4) years with a mean DM duration of 4.5 (±3.2) years and a mean HbA1c of 11.1 (±2.2)%. Two sets of measurements were made over a period of 18 months. Pupillary adaptation in darkness (PD), as an index of sympathetic dysfunction, was assessed using a portable Polaroid pupillometer. Urinary albumin excretion, as an index of incipient nephropathy, was assessed in children with DM from a fraction of all voidings during two separate 48-h periods and was expressed as urinary albumin/creatinine ratio (A/C). Heart rate variation (HRV), as an index of cardiovascular autonomic dysfunction, was assessed using a heart rate monitor and computer. Blood pressure (BP) was measured using a random zero sphygmomanometer. Reduced PD was found in 14/129 (13.8%) children with DM and in 5.8% of the controls. The diabetic children with reduced PD had longer DM duration, higher HbA1c, raised diastolic BP and higher urinary A/C than those with normal PD. Fifty percent of these children also had increased A/C and impaired HRV, in addition to impaired PD. Another group of 25/129 (19.4%) children with DM presented intermittently raised mean urinary A/C, while five children presented persistently raised A/C in both 48-h urine collections. The characteristics which differentiated the microalbuminuric group from the normoalbuminuric one were older age, longer DM duration, poorer glycemic control, reduced PD, impaired HRV and raised diastolic BP. It seems that diabetic nephropathy (DN) and autonomic neuropathy (DAN) exist in concert in childhood DM. Diabetic children with impaired indices of DN and DAN are older, pubertal and have longer DM duration and higher HbA1c values than the rest of the diabetic population. ER  - 
Insulin resistance and hyperinsulinemia in prepubertal obese children; Background: Tissue resistance to insulin has been demonstrated in obese individuals. Pancreatic β-cells respond to the reduced tissue sensitivity with increased insulin secretion so that glucose homeostasis is maintained. Objective: The purpose of this prospective study was to investigate the presence of hyperinsulinemia and insulin resistance in obese children and adolescents. Subjects and methods: Fasting glucose (FG) and insulin (FI) levels and fasting glucose to insulin ratio (FGIR) were measured in 26 obese prepubertal children and 20 obese adolescents, as compared to 20 non-obese prepupertal children and 20 adolescents with normal body weight. Furthermore, obese children and adolescents underwent an oral glucose tolerance test with measurements of glucose and insulin 2 hours post glucose load. Results: In 14/26 (54%) obese prepubertal children and in 16/20 (80%) obese adolescents FI was >24 μU/ml. FGIR was <6 in 23/26 (88%) prepubertal obese children and in all obese adolescents. All non-obese prepubertal children and adolescents had normal FI. However, FGIR was <6 in 6/20 (30%) non-obese prepubertal children and in 15/20 (75%) non-obese adolescents. Conclusion: Hyperinsulinemia and insulin resistance are already present in prepubertal obese children. As hyperinsulinemia is a potentially reversible condition and the complications related to it may be prevented, early measurements should be undertaken so that obese children lose body weight before the onset of puberty which may enhance the problem of insulin insensitivity. ER  - 
Leisure behavior of youth with short stature, delayed puberty and diabetes mellitus; There is some evidence to suggest that adolescents with endocrinological disorders such as short stature (SS), delayed puberty (DP), or diabetes mellitus (DM) may display significant social or psychological problems. The purpose of our study was to examine the leisure behaviors and experiences of these adolescents. Of the 178 adolescents (all of whom had an endocrinological problem) 83 were male and 91 were female. We found the leisure behaviors and experiences of adolescents with SS, DP and DM (the group) were similar to adolescents with other endocrine disorders (comparison group) and to several other non-clinical groups (controls). The group spent the same amount of time in leisure activity as the comparison group. The characteristics of the group's leisure time in regard to boredom, self-determination, self-competence or parental control was the same as the comparison group and minimally different from the control groups. There were no differences among SS, DP, DM or comparison group in degree to which they were 'bothered' by their condition or the recency of the discovery of their condition. Neither botheredness nor recency were related to leisure time characteristics. Recency of the discovery of their endocrine problem was almost significantly related to increased parental control (p <0.062) which was slightly greater for those diagnosed with SS, DP and DM (p <0.080) than in the comparison group. Leisure time activity and behavior of adolescents with SS, DP, and DM was the same as that in other non-clinical adolescents and adolescents with other endocrine disorders. ER  - 
Bone density and body composition in children with growth hormone insensitivity syndrome receiving recombinant IGF-I; OBJECTIVE: There are few reports of the metabolic action of insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-I) in vivo. Growth hormone insensitivity syndrome is a good model to examine the effects of IGF-I deficiency. This study was designed to assess body composition and bone density in children with growth hormone insensitivity syndrome before and after receiving treatment with recombinant IGF-I. DESIGN: A prospective longitudinal study. PATIENTS: Four prepubertal boys age 6.1-9.8 years with short stature due to growth hormone insensitivity syndrome. MEASUREMENTS: Assessment of body fat by skin-fold thickness measurements and dual energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA) was made during the first 6 months of recombinant IGF-I treatment. Assessment of lumbar spine bone density by DXA was performed prior to IGF-I treatment and during the subsequent five years. RESULTS: Each child showed a significant reduction in fat mass (0.26-1.22 kg) after 6 weeks of IGF-I treatment. Bone density prior to treatment was reduced in comparison to age-matched controls but calculated volumetric bone density was within the normal range. Volumetric bone density progressively improved over the 5-year treatment period. CONCLUSIONS: Children with growth hormone insensitivity syndrome exhibit a metabolic response to IGF-I within 6 weeks analogous to that seen in GH-deficient children receiving GH. Bone density when corrected for body size is within normal limits and demonstrates a response to IGF-I, confirming the anabolic action on bone. ER  - 
Growth hormone, IGF-1, insulin, SHBG, and estradiol levels in girls before menarche; The timing of pubertal changes depends on the concerted function of the hypothalamic - pituitary - ovarian and other endocrine systems. The somatotropin system and insulin play important roles during the growth and maturation of girls. Our clinical observations have enabled us to determine and implement criteria that split the pre-menarcheal period into three phases with distinct features associated with rising levels of estrogens (pre-estrogenization, onset of estrogenization and full estrogenization). The aim of this work was to determine levels of growth hormone, insulin - like growth factor 1 (IGF-1), sex hormone binding globulins (SHBG), insulin, and estradiol in relation to somatic features in girls during subsequent phases of estrogenization. This prospective study was done in 45 healthy girls. Every three months, we recorded weight, height, BMI, maturation of tertiary sex features, estrogen-related changes in hymen, sonographic dimensions of ovaries and uterus and serum levels of growth hormone, IGF-1, SHBG, insulin, and estradiol. Onset of estrogenization was accompanied by reduction of body mass and slowing down of growth associated with declining levels of growth hormone. These changes were followed by weight gain, pubertal acceleration of growth, rising levels of growth hormone, IGF-1, insulin, and estradiol, and falling levels of SHBG. ER  - 
The prevalence of insulin autoantibodies at the onset of Type 1 diabetes is higher in males than females during adolescence; Aims/hypothesis. The incidence of Type 1 diabetes shows little sex bias up to age 15 years, but more males are diagnosed in early adult life. Humoral responses to the beta cell antigen insulin could help to reveal the mechanism underlying this difference. We therefore determined the influence of sex on the prevalence of insulin autoantibodies (IAA) at diagnosis. Methods. IAA were measured by radiobinding assay in 598 patients with newly diagnosed Type 1 diabetes (aged 10.5, range 0.8-20.7 years, 333 male), and analysed according to age, sex and HLA class II genotype. Results. Overall, 74% of males and 65% of females had IAA above the 97.5th centile of 2860 schoolchildren (p=0.028). IAA prevalence was similar in males and females under the age of 15 (0-4 yr, 95% vs 88%; 5-9 yr, 76% vs 73%; 10-14 yr, 67% vs 58%), but male excess was seen between 15 and 21 years (66% vs. 32%, pcorr=0.016). HLA class II genotype was available for 426 patients. IAA prevalence in DR4 homozygous patients was 87%, in DR4 heterozygous patients 72% and in DR4 negative patients 55% (p<0.001). Multivariate analysis showed independent association of IAA with age (p<0.001), number of DR4 alleles (p<0.001) and male sex (p=0.002). Conclusions/interpretation. The prevalence of IAA in patients with newly diagnosed Type 1 diabetes is higher in males than females between 15 and 21 years of age. The lower prevalence of IAA in adolescent females implies sex-specific modulation of the autoimmune process during puberty. ER  - 
Metformin as additional therapy in adolescents with poorly controlled type 1 diabetes: Randomised placebo-controlled trial with aspects on insulin sensitivity; Objective: Metabolic control often deteriorates during puberty in children with type 1 diabetes. The aim of the present study was to investigate whether addition of metformin for 3 months improves metabolic control and insulin sensitivity. Design: Twenty-six of 30 randomised adolescents with type 1 diabetes (18 females, eight males) completed a double-blind placebo-controlled trial. Their mean age was 16.9±1.6 (S.D.) years, mean glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c) 9.5±1.1% and daily insulin dosage 1.2±0.3 U/kg. The participants were randomised to receive oral metformin or placebo for 3 months. HbA1c was measured monthly, and peripheral insulin sensitivity was assessed by a euglycaemic hyperinsulinaemic clamp at baseline and at the end of the study. Results: HbA1c decreased significantly in the group treated with metformin, from 9.6 to 8.7% (P < 0.05), but was unchanged in the placebo group (9.5 vs 9.2%). Peripheral glucose uptake divided by mean plasma insulin concentration was increased in the metformin group (P < 0.05) but not in the placebo group. Initial insulin sensitivity was inversely correlated to changes in HbA1c (r = -0.62; P < 0.05) and positively correlated to changes in insulin sensitivity (r = 0.77; P < 0.01). Conclusions: In this double-blind placebo-controlled study we found that metformin improves metabolic control in adolescents with type 1 diabetes. The effect seems to be associated with an increased insulin-induced glucose uptake. ER  - 
The Mathematical Model for Total Pubertal Growth in Idiopathic Growth Hormone (GH) Deficiency Suggests a Moderate Role of GH Dose; The role of GH treatment during total pubertal growth (TPG) is still unclear. We developed a prediction model for TPG (centimeters) through a multiple regression analysis of various prepubertal parameters in 303 adolescents with idiopathic GH deficiency from the KIGS database. Prepubertal catch-up growth and near-adult height were achieved, and GH dose was kept constant at approximately 30 μg/kg·d. The model was validated on a cohort of 36 patients from one center. Four TPG predictors explained 70% of the variability with an error SD of 4.2 cm: gender (TPG in males was >11.3 cm vs. that in females), age at onset of puberty (negative), height SD score minus midparental height SD score at puberty onset (negative), and mean GH dose during puberty (positive). Our analysis suggests that TPG in idiopathic GH deficiency is only moderately dependent on GH dose. The use of a higher GH dosage at the onset of puberty should thus depend on the individual's height development. The TPG model aids in the planning of individually optimized and cost-effective GH treatment. ER  - 
Leptin serum levels are involved in the relapse after weight excess reduction in obese children and adolescents; Background: Leptin concentrations as a predictor of weight excess (WE) variations in obese children continue to be controversial. Aim and design: To evaluate the relationship between fasting leptin serum concentrations and the ability to maintain loss of WE during obesity treatment, 172 (82 males and 90 females) overweight children and adolescents (OW), 6-16 yr old, were recruited. The subjects were retrospectively selected among those who had demonstrated a reduction of their WE during an initial phase of 12 months of a WE reduction programme (WERP). Fasting serum levels of leptin were assayed, together with insulin, triacylglycerol and cholesterol, before (time 0) and at the end of the first phase of WERP (time 1), and BMI (Z-score) was determined at time 0, time 1 and at the end (time 2) of a subsequent second phase of 12 months. OW were subdivided according to wether their Z-BMI showed a persistent reduction also during the second phase (maintaining WE reduction subjects or MS) or showed a subsequent increase after the reduction observed during the first phase (relapsing WE subjects or RS). Results: A significant reduction in serum levels of leptin, insulin and lipids, paralleling Z-BMI reduction, was observed at the end of the first phase of WERP, during which we found a correlation between the decrease in serum leptin concentrations and the decrease in Z-BMI. The decrease in RS during the first phase ((ΔlgL0-1) was significantly greater when compared to that observed in MS (p<0.05). In two different multiple logistic regression analyses, where RS=0 and MS=1, serum leptin at time 1 [odds ratio (OR)=1.08; 95% confidence interval (CI)=1.04-1.13] and ΔlgL0-1 (OR=0.48; 95% CI=0.25-0.92), together with final pubertal stage (OR=0.78; 95% CI=0.63-0.96), were significantly associated with final subject status. Conclusions: Leptin serum levels after a previous WE reduction and its parallel decline are related to subsequent adiposity outcome. The lower the leptin serum concentration after previous WE reduction and/or the greater its decrease, the greater was the probability of WE relapse. © 2003, Editrice Kurtis. ER  - 
Puberty and body composition; Body composition during puberty is a marker of metabolic changes that occur during this period of growth and maturation, and, thus, holds key information regarding current and future health. During puberty, the main components of body composition (total body fat, lean body mass, bone mineral content) all increase, but considerable sexual dimorphism exists. Methods for measuring body composition (e.g. densitometry and dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry) and degree of maturity will be discussed in this review. Components of body composition show age-to-age correlations (i.e. 'tracking'), especially from adolescence onwards. Furthermore, adipose tissue is endocrinologically active and is centrally involved in the interaction between adipocytokines, insulin and sex-steroid hormones, and thus influences cardiovascular and metabolic disease processes. In conclusion, pubertal body composition is important, not only for the assessment of contemporaneous nutritional status, but also for being linked directly to the possible onset of chronic disease later in life and is, therefore, useful for disease risk assessment and intervention early in life. Copyright © 2003 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Dose effects of growth hormone during puberty; During puberty, the production rate of growth hormone (GH) doubles and is associated with an increase in growth velocity. A significant percentage of the final adult height is attained during puberty, then after puberty, the production rate of GH decreases with age. In children with GH deficiency, it is known that the dosage of GH, in addition to the duration of treatment, can greatly influence the final adult height. At present, the dosage of GH given to children of short stature is kept at a constant rate throughout puberty. Thus, a study was conducted to investigate the effects of a higher dose of GH given to GH-deficient children during puberty. In this article, the design and results of the investigation and the importance of the findings will be discussed. Copyright © 2003 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Relation of leptin to insulin resistance syndrome in children.; OBJECTIVES: To examine the relation of leptin to insulin resistance, as measured by euglycemic insulin clamp, and insulin resistance syndrome factors in thin and heavy children. RESEARCH METHODS AND PROCEDURES: Anthropometrics, insulin, blood pressure, and leptin were measured in 342 11- to 14-year-old children (189 boys, 153 girls, 272 white, 70 black). Insulin sensitivity (M) was determined by milligrams glucose uptake per kilogram per minute and expressed as M/lean body mass (Mlbm). Children were divided by median BMI (boys = 20.5 kg/m(2); girls = 21.4 kg/m(2)) into below-median (thin) and above-median (heavy) groups. Correlation coefficients between log-leptin and components of insulin resistance syndrome were adjusted for Tanner stage, gender, and race. RESULTS: BMI was related to leptin in boys (r = 0.70, p < 0.001) and girls (r = 0.75, p < 0.001). Leptin was higher in girls than boys (32.6 vs. 12.3 ng/mL, p = 0.0001). Leptin levels increased in girls and decreased in boys during puberty, paralleling the changes in body fat. Leptin was significantly correlated with insulin, Mlbm, triglycerides, and blood pressure in heavy children and only with insulin in thin children. After adjustment for body fat, the correlations remained significant for insulin and Mlbm in heavy children and with insulin in thin children. DISCUSSION: Significant associations were found between leptin and insulin resistance in children, and these associations were attenuated by adjustment for adiposity. These findings at age 13 likely have long-term consequences in the development of the obesity-insulin resistance-related cardiovascular risk profile. ER  - 
Epidemiology of overweight and obesity among school children and adolescents in three provinces of central Italy, 1993-2001: Study of potential influencing variables; Objective: The prevalence of overweight and obesity was estimated among tke school children and adolescents of three provinces of central Italy, and the role of several possible influencing factors was analysed. Design, subjects and measurements: Body mass index (BMI) was measured in 44 231 subjects, age 3-17.5 y, and a household questionnaire was filled out by the parents of 12 143 subjects to collect the following data: subjects, only child or firstborn status, prematurity, birth weight, type of feeding until the fifth month, menarche status in girls; parents, age at the time of the subject's birth; BMI (mean of the two parents) at the time the subject was measured, mother's age of menarche, socioeconomic status. BMI was measured in a subgroup of 10 795 subjects 1 y later to study the yearly sex- and age-related variations from the categories of normal weight to overweight or obesity and vice versa. All females aged 11-14 y were asked if they had their menarche. Results: Striking differences in the proportions of overweight and obesity resulted from the use of two different criteria for defining cutoff points. The overall prevalence of overweight was 13.2 and 20.7% in males, and 13.7 and 18.6% in females, and the overall prevalence of obesity varied between 24.2 and 6.3% in males, and between 22.9 and 6.1% in females, respectively. Parents' BMI, birth weight, firstborn status and post-menarche status in girls showed a significant association with overweight and/or obesity in logistic regression models. Conclusions: A large prevalence of overweight and obesity was observed in school subjects from three provinces of central Italy. From the comparisons of the prevalence rate, the new internationally agreed criteria seem more appropriate for epidemiological studies in this population. ER  - 
Evaluation of HOMA and QUICKI as measures of insulin sensitivity in prepubertal children; Background: Simple fasting sample methods to measure insulin sensitivity (SI) such as homeostasis model assessment (HOMA) and quantitative insulin-sensitivity check index (QUICKI) have been widely promoted in adult studies but have not been formally evaluated in children. The aim of this study was to compare HOMA and QUICKI to the minimal model as measures of SI in prepubertal children. Method: The study population consisted of twins (n = 44), premature (n = 17), small for gestational age (SGA) (15), and normal (n = 3) prepubertal children. The insulin-sensitivity index derived by the minimal model (SIMM) was calculated by the minimal model with plasma glucose and insulin data from a 90-min frequently sampled intravenous glucose test with tolbutamide. The HOMA resistance index (RHOMA) and QUICKI were calculated from fasting plasma glucose and insulin values. Results: The correlation between RHOMA and SIMM (r = -0.4, p < 0.001) was no better than that between fasting insulin and SIMM (r = -0.4, p < 0.001). QUICKI was poorly correlated with SIMM (r = 0.2, p = 0.02). The correlation between SIMM and RHOMA is largely confined to low SI values (< 10 × 10-4/min μU/mL). In seven SGA subjects, the introduction of growth hormone treatment led to an expected fall in SIMM by 8.2 ± 2.8 × 10-4/min μU/mL (p = 0.02) that was not detected by either RHOMA (p = 0.1) or QUICKI (p = 0.2). Similarly, SIMM values were lower in obese (n = 9) compared to non-obese subjects (p = 0.04); however, no difference was found between these two groups with either RHOM'A (p = 0.21) or QUICKI (p = 0.8). Conclusion: As measures of SI in prepubertal children, RHOMA is no better than fasting insulin and QUICKI, a poor measure. Neither RHOMA nor QUICKI was able to detect changes in SI induced by either obesity or growth hormone therapy. ER  - 
Description of microangiopathy in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus: A 19-year retrospective study; Background: The aim of the study was to estimate the outcome of patients with type 1 diabetes followed in a university hospital in the paediatric department and then in the adult diabetic department for at least 10 years. Methods: We made a retrospective analysis of 50 patients (28 women and 22 men) with type 1 diabetes with disease duration of 19 ± 6 years and analysed whether retinopathy and nephropathy had progressed, had remained unchanged or had improved or normalised. Results: The mean age of diabetes onset was 8 ± 4 years (1-16). Ketoacidosis revealed diabetes in 36% of the children. Mean HbA1c was 8.6 ± 1.8%, and was over 8.5% in 34% of the patients. The mean age at onset of puberty (Tanner stage II) was 12 ± 1 years in girls and 13 ± 1 years in boys. Mean HbA1c was 7.9 ± 1.2% during the year before onset of puberty and 8.7 ± 1.1% in the following 3 years, corresponding to a 10% pubertal increase in HbA 1c. Retinopathy was seen in 50% of the patients at a mean age of 22 ± 5 years, 15 ± 6 years after onset of diabetes. Mean HbA 1c was 9.7 ± 1.6% in patients with proliferative retinopathy, 9.0 ± 1.5% in patients with non proliferative retinopathy, and 8.1 ± 1.3% in those without (p = 0.02, proliferative versus no retinopathy, p > 0.05 non proliferative versus no retinopathy). Microalbuminuria was diagnosed in 26% of the patients. Mean HbA1c was 9.3 ± 2.1% in patients with microalbuminuria versus 8.1 ± 1.3% in those with normoalbuminuria (p = 0.02). Conclusions: Glycemic control was similar in patients with non proliferative retinopathy and those without. Proliferative retinopathy and nephropathy were both related to the level of glycemic control. ER  - 
Cardiovascular risk factors in childhood diabetes; The concern for early cardiovascular morbidity and mortality is becoming increasingly more common in the pediatric arena due to the continually increasing incidence of type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus, as well as the rise in obesity in this population. Currently the only treatment recommendations are derived from adult guidelines, due to a lack of evidence-based data in children. Independent risk factors for cardiovascular disease are similar in children and adults: obesity, presence of diabetes, hyperglycemia, insulin resistance, hypertension, and hyperlipidemia. Postmortem studies in children have shown that atherosclerotic plaques begin in childhood, and coronary artery lesions can be seen as early as 10 years of age. The development of atherosclerotic plaques appears to be due to endothelial dysfunction as a result of inflammatory changes from the above listed cardiovascular risk factors. Currently there are several serum markers of inflammation that are predictive of cardiovascular disease in adults, but the significance of changes in the levels of these markers in children is currently unknown. Additionally, there are several noninvasive techniques to measure endothelial dysfunction, including brachial artery reactivity and ECHO Doppler carotid intima-medial thickness, which may ultimately prove to be predictive for cardiovascular disease in children. The management of hypertension in adult patients has been a critical aspect of prevention of cardiovascular disease, but treatment of hypertension in pediatric patients is difficult due to the lack of trials of safety and efficacy in children, as well as lack of universally accepted standards for the appropriate age and blood pressure level for starting treatment. However, data from adult studies of cardiovascular risk suggest that there would be benefit to early, aggressive control of elevated blood pressure in children. Future studies will be needed to determine which antihypertensive medications will be safe and effective in children, as well as to determine starting points for treatment of hypertension in this population. The treatment of dyslipidemia in adults has resulted in significant risk reduction for cardiovascular morbidity and mortality, but there is a paucity of information available about the long-term safety of using lipid-lowering medications in growing children. Currently, bile acid sequestrants are the only lipid-lowering medication approved for children of all ages, while other lipid-lowering medications are only approved for use in children age 10 and above, and for use in familial hypercholesterolemia. Short-term studies of the statin medications in small groups of male children have shown excellent compliance with no adverse effects on growth, sexual maturation, or hormone levels, but longer-term, more comprehensive studies are needed in the pediatric population. Both the statins and the thiazolidinediones have been shown to have pleotropic effects on the endithelium, which may confer a cardioprotective environment. Treatment of cardiovascular risk factors in childhood consists of a step-wise approach, including lifestyle modification and pharmacologic therapy. Therapy must be individualized based on number of risk factors, family history, and existing complications. Although further longitudinal studies of medications are needed in children, there may be benefit to following adult guidelines, especially in high-risk adolescents, and instituting early, aggressive treatment for modifiable risk factors. ER  - 
Retrospective analysis of the epidemiological and clinical-evolutive aspects of type I diabetes mellitus in childhood in a population of 381 patients; The epidemiologic approach to type 1 diabetes mellitus is the best way to look for underlying causes of this disease. For this reason, an epidemiologic study of 381 diabetic children was carried out. We have taken into consideration age, Tanner stage, sex, breast-feeding, clinic picture at the onset of the disease, class II HLA, family history, associated autoimmune diseases, chronic and acute associated complications, degree of metabolic control, anti-islet autoantibody (ICA) determination, etc. We found that ketoacidosis (CAD) was the most common (56,1%) clinical finding at onset and DR3 and DR4 as the most frequent HLA haplotypes, in 64,1% and 62,9% of the patients, respectively. At the onset of diabetes, 72,2% of the children were positive for ICA. The mean duration of the "honeymoon period" among boys was 10 months, but among girls it was 6,8 months; moreover, its duration among patients who started their symptoms by way of CAD is less than 6,5 months. We observed that ICA levels have a tendency to decrease during the course of the time. The honeymoon duration is minor in children younger than 5 years of age, particularly, if their diseases appeared by way of CAD. Lipid levels do not change in the course of the time. ER  - 
Growth data in large series of 587 children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus; Objective. Discordant data were found in recent growth studies in children with type-1 diabetes mellitus. This study focuses on growth data and final height in the largest cohort of diabetic children studied so far. Methods. 7598 growth data collected in a longitudinal/cross sectional way between 1971 and 1996 in 587 diabetic subjects (317 males, 270 females) were available for analysis of height and BMI, together with 3889 HbAlc measurements. Final height data were correlated with target height in 123 subjects. The individual growth and BMI linear regression curve of each patient was compared to growth standards and correlated with HbAlc. Results. Children of both sexes were taller at the first observation (males, SDS 0.15±1.10, mean±SD, P=0.02, females, SDS 0.74±1.46, P<0.001) and tended to lose height afterwards (males, P<0.001, females, n.s.). Males reached a final height of 176.5 cm (n=62, target height 176.8, n.s.) and females 167.0 cm (n=61, target height 165.6, n.s.). Children of both sexes had a higher than normal BMI at first observation (males, SDS 0.32±1.31, P<0.001, females, SDS 0.10±0.52, P=0.02). Females but not males gained weight over-proportionally afterwards. HbAlc did not predict any of the variables. Conclusions. Diabetic children are taller close to the diabetes onset, which may be due to the synchronization of onset of diabetic symptoms with the mid-childhood growth spurt or the pubertal growth spurt accompanied by elevated growth hormone and/or androgen levels and increased insulin resistance. The subsequent growth deceleration may represent a physiological lag-down growth. This concept is supported by normal adult heights following growth deceleration. ER  - 
Novel treatment of short stature with aromatase inhibitors; Estrogens have an essential role in the regulation of bone maturation and importantly in the closure of growth plates in both sexes. This prospective, randomized, placebo-controlled study was undertaken to evaluate whether suppression of estrogen synthesis in pubertal boys delays bone maturation and ultimately results in increased adult height. A total of 23 boys with constitutional delay of puberty (CDP) received a conventional, low-dose testosterone treatment for inducing progression of puberty. Eleven of these 23 boys were randomized to receive a specific and potent P450-aromatase inhibitor, letrozole, for suppression of estrogen action, and 12 boys were randomized to receive placebo. Estradiol concentrations in the letrozole-treated boys remained at the pretreatment level during the administration of letrozole, whereas the concentrations increased during the treatment with testosterone alone and during spontaneous progression of puberty. Testosterone concentrations increased in all groups, but during the letrozole treatment, the increase was more than fivefold higher than in the group treated with testosterone alone. The inhibition of estrogen synthesis delayed bone maturation. The slower bone maturation in the boys treated with testosterone and letrozole, despite higher androgen concentrations, than in the boys treated with testosterone indicate that estrogens are more important than androgens in regulation of bone maturation in pubertal boys. During the 18 months follow-up, an increase of 5.1cm in predicted adult height was observed in the boys who received testosterone and letrozole, but no change was seen in the boys who received testosterone alone or in the untreated boys. This finding indicates that an increase in adult height can be attained in growing adolescent boys by inhibiting of estrogen action. © 2003 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The assessment of plasma levels of insulin-like growth factor (IGF-I) and binding protein (IGFBP-3) during the maintenance therapy and after completing therapy of acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL); Introductlon: Antineoplastic therapy may cause metabolic disturbances, which result in e.g. abnormal growth rate. The aim of the study was the assessment of IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 plasma concentrations in children after intensive therapy of ALL completed according to age, weight, height and therapy protocols (Methotrexate dose, Central Nervous System - CNS prophylaxis). Materials and methods: 63 children (43 boys) were involved in this study with mean age 10.95±4.73 years after ALL therapy according to BFM protocols. 35 patients were in maintenance therapy and 28 completely finished the therapy. 20 children had cranial irradiation as CNS prophylaxis (12 Gy). We assessed plasma levels of IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 in radioimmunoassay method and the obtained results were related to mean age values (SDScore). Results: 1. A) IGF-1 mean plasma levels in children (n=30) before puberty (Tanner I) was 151.48±75.75 ng/ml and was lower than compared to value in the puberty group (n=16, Tanner II-IV) - 222.06±96.61 ng/ml p=0.000008. After puberty (Tanner V) IGF-1 was 332.03±75.66 ng/ml. b) IGFBP-3 was highest after puberty (3837.4 ng/ml ±598.49); before puberty it was 2899.68±656.57 ng/ml, and in puberty it was 3593.14±598,49 ng/ml. 2. IGF-1 SDS values were lower than mean age values. 3. IGFBP-3 SDS were insignificantly higher than mean age values. 4. There were no differences between IGF-1 SDS and IGFBP-3 SDS according to gender, prior CNS prophylaxis, methotrexate dose and phase of maintenance therapy and completed therapy. 5. IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 correlated to each other and to body mass index, height but IGF-1 SDS and IGFBP-3 SDS was independent on age, CNS prophylaxis, BMI SDS and height SDS. Conclusions: 1. IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 values are dependent on puberty degree, body mass index and height. 2. IGF-1 SDS are lower and IGFBP-3 values higher, independent on gender, therapy protocol and CNS prophylaxis (12 Gy). ER  - 
Serum levels of growth hormone and insulin-like growth factor-1 in children with type 1 diabetes; The aim of the current work was to evaluate serum levels of insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) and growth hormone (GH) in children and adolescents with diabetes mellitus type 1 and to compare them to healthy controls. We investigated 128 diabetic children and adolescents, aged 1 to 18 years, and 68 healthy control subjects. All of them were divided in 5 groups according to age and puberty stage. We measured serum levels of IGF-1 and GH under basal conditions. Mean values of IGF-1 increase with age and there is a peak at puberty stages IV-V in both diabetic patients and controls. In all age groups the serum level of IGF-1 is lower in diabetic patients in comparison to the healthy children. IGF-1 levels are reduced significantly in patients with diabetes mellitus from the first age group (0-4 y.) - p < 0,01, the third group (prepubertal children) - p < 0,001, the forth group (puberty stage II-III ) - p < 0,001 and the fifth group (puberty stage IV-V) - p < 0,001. There are no significant differences between the diabetic and control patients concerning basal concentrations of GH. Our results support the presence of abnormalities of GH/IGF-1 axis in diabetic children and significant changes in IGF-1 levels, especially during puberty. ER  - 
Circulating levels of insulin-like growth factor I, its binding proteins -1, -2, -3, C-peptide and risk of postmenopausal breast cancer; Higher levels of circulating Insulin-like Growth Factor (IGF)-I may be associated with higher risks for premenopausal breast cancer. We investigate the associations between circulating levels of IGF-I, its binding proteins (IG-FBPS) -1, -2, -3, C-peptide and postmenopausal breast cancer. This is a prospective study nested in 2 Dutch cohorts. The study population included women who were postmenopausal at baseline. Breast cancer cases were identified through linkage with cancer registries. Controls were matched to cases by cohort, age, date of blood donation and place of residence. In total, 149 breast cancer cases and 333 healthy controls were included. Plasma levels of IGF-I, IG-FBP-1, -2, -3 and C-peptide were measured by radioimmunoassays. Estimates of the relative risk for breast cancer associated with the quartiles of the peptides' circulating levels were obtained by conditional logistic regression. Models were adjusted for BMI, age at menarche and age at first full-term delivery. For IGF-I, the adjusted OR (95% CI) of the top vs. bottom quartile was 1.1 (0.6; 2.1); for IGFBP-1 it was 0.7 (0.3; 1.3); for IGFBP-2, 1.1 (0.5; 2.4); for IGFBP-3, 1.6 (0.7; 3.5), for C-peptide, 1.3 (0.7; 2.7) and for IGF-I/IGFBP-3 ratio, 1.0 (0.5; 1.8). Our data do not support an association between postmenopausal circulating levels of IGF-I, IGFBP-1, -2, -3, C-peptide and postmenopausal breast cancer. © 2003 Wiley-Liss, Inc. ER  - 
Long-term linear growth of children with severe steroid-responsive nephrotic syndrome; The present study was designed to evaluate the risk of permanent linear growth impairment in a selected group of 42 children with steroid-dependent nephrotic syndrome (SDNS) and 14 children with frequently relapsing nephrotic syndrome (FRNS). Longitudinal height measurements were available in all patients from the onset of the disease for a mean follow-up of 11.7±3.5 years. During the prepubertal period, patients lost 0.49±0.6 height SD score (HtSDS) (P<0.001). Twenty-three patients have reached their final height with an average loss of 0.92±0.8 HtSDS from the onset of their disease (P<0.001) and 0.68±0.7 from their target HtSDS (P<0.001). The pubertal growth spurt was mildly delayed in male but not female patients. Steroid therapy, calculated as the mean duration of prednisone (PDN) treatment or as the average cumulative PDN dose, was the only predictor of poor growth evolution. Partial catch-up growth occurred after PDN withdrawal. Children with early onset NS and adolescent patients, who were still receiving PDN after the age of 9 years in girls and 11 years in boys, were at higher risk for HtSDS loss. In conclusion, children with severe steroid-responsive NS are at risk of permanent growth retardation secondary to prolonged courses of steroid treatment. ER  - 
Hypergonadotrophinaemia with reduced uterine and ovarian size in women born small-for-gestational-age; Background: Fetal growth restraint has been associated with FSH hypersecretion in early infancy and in early post-menarche, and with reduced uterine and ovarian size in adolescence. It is unknown whether these reproductive anomalies persist, respectively, into late infancy and into the reproductive age range. Methods: We report follow-up findings in two age groups of girls. A cohort of infants [n = 26; n = 10 born appropriate-for-gestational-age (AGA) and n = 16 born small-for-gestational-age (SGA)], who had been studied at the age of ∼4 months, was assessed again at the age of 12 months. A cohort of teenagers (n = 28), who had been studied at the age of ∼14 years, was assessed again at the age of ∼18 years; this group was complemented by a transversal cohort of similar age (n = 19) for a total of 47 young women (n = 27 AGA; n = 20 SGA). In infants, only serum FSH was measured; adolescents underwent endocrine-metabolic screening, ultrasound assessment of uterine-ovarian size, and evaluation of body composition by dual X-ray absorptiometry. Results: Serum FSH levels were higher in SGA than AGA infant girls at 4 and 12 months, and higher in SGA than AGA adolescents at 14 and 18 years (all P < 0.01). Longitudinal ultrasound assessments disclosed a late-adolescent increment of uterine size that was less obvious in SGA than AGA girls. In contrast, ovarian volume remained stable in both subgroups. Compilation of longitudinal and transversal results at 18 years of age corroborated the persistent reduction in the uterine size of SGA girls (by ∼20%; P < 0.005) and in their ovarian volume (by ∼40%; P < 0.0001); moreover, SGA girls displayed not only a persistent elevation of FSH (by ∼50%; P < 0.001), but also a rise of LH and fasting insulin, as well as an excess of abdominal fat (all P < 0.01). Conclusions: The gynaecology of young women born SGA was found to be characterized by hypergonadotrophinaemia and by a reduced uterine and ovarian size. ER  - 
Determinants of circulating insulin-like growth factor I and insulin-like growth factor binding protein 3 concentrations in a cohort of Singapore men and women; Variation in the circulating concentrations of the insulin-like growth factor (IGF) system has been implicated in the etiology of chronic diseases including cancer (prostate, breast, colon, and lung), heart disease, type 2 diabetes, and osteoporosis. We searched for sociodemographic, anthropometric, reproductive, lifestyle, and dietary determinants of IGF-I and insulin-like growth factor binding protein (IGFBP) -3 serum concentrations. Serum samples were collected in a Singapore Chinese cohort with a mean age of 61 years. Subject information was assessed during an in-person interview. Radioimmunometrically measured IGF-I and IGFBP-3 concentrations were available for 312 men and 326 postmenopausal women ages 50 years or older. Mean IGF-I concentrations were 144 ng/ml and 121 ng/ml for men and women, respectively (gender difference, P < 0.0001), and mean IGFBP-3 concentrations were 3710 ng/ml and 4147 ng/ml for men and women, respectively (gender difference, P < 0.0001). IGF-I and IGFBP-3 decreased with age (P for trend <0.0001); the age-related decrease in the IGF-I: IGFBP-3 molar ratio was stronger in women than men. IGF-I concentrations were higher among physically inactive subjects and among women with an early age at menarche. Consumption of saturated fat was found to decrease, and intake of ω-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and of dietary fiber was found to increase circulating IGFBP-3 concentrations. Intake of calcium from food and supplement was associated positively with circulating IGF-I, IGFBP-3, and molar ratio. Intake of soy was associated positively with IGF-I and molar ratio concentrations, but only in men. The results of this study lend additional support to the hypothesis that circulating IGF-I concentrations increase the risk of prostate, bladder, colorectal, and breast cancer. ER  - 
Does low bone mineral density start in post-teenage years in women with type 1 diabetes?; OBJECTIVE - Type 1 diabetes has been associated with decreased bone mineral density (BMD). However, the natural history and etiopathogenesis of osteoporosis in type 1 diabetes are not clear. The aims of this study were to assess BMD in a cohort of young women with type 1 diabetes compared with nondiabetic control subjects and to evaluate the possible association of BMD with diabetes duration, HbA1c, and biomarkers of bone metabolism. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - BMD was measured by dual-energy X-ray absortiometry scan in 39 teenage (age 13-19 years) and 33 post-teenage females (age 20-37 years) with type 1 diabetes and 91 female age-matched control subjects. Serum osteocalcin, IGF-I, IGF binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3), HbA 1c, and urine N-telopeptides were measured. RESULTS - After adjustment for age and BMI, BMD values were significantly lower at the femoral neck and lateral spine in women with type 1 diabetes older than age 20 years compared with control subjects but not in the case subjects younger than age 20 years, nor at the anterioposterior spine, wrist, or whole body. No association was found between BMD and diabetes duration or glycemic control. IGF-I, IGFBP-3, osteocalcin, and N-telopeptides were similar in diabetic subjects and control subjects. CONCLUSIONS - This study indicates that women with type 1 diabetes exhibit BMD differences early in life with significant differences already present in the post-teenage years. Lower hip BMD in these young women may explain, in part, the higher incidence of hip fracture experienced in postmenopausal women with type 1 diabetes. ER  - 
Results of a multidisciplinary and intensified treatment program for type 1 Diabetes Mellitus in a Chilean Public Hospital; Background: During the last decade, the importance of glycemic control in the prevention of the microvascular complications of type 1 Diabetes Mellitus (DM1) was clearly demonstrated. Aim: To evaluate the metabolic and anthropometric results of a multidisciplinary intensified treatment program of DMI in children and adolescents. Patients and methods: Report of 54 patients treated during 2001. The intensified treatment consisted of multiple daily doses of insulin, frequent glycemic control, nutritional, psychological and educational support, and permanent availability of a diabetes nurse for telephonic support. Results: Thirty one patients were female, their mean age was 10.4±0.5 years old and 52% were experiencing puberty. Fifty three percent of the patients used 3 insulin doses per day, 95% changed rapid insulin dose based on glucose levels and 18% considered carbohydrates in their rapid insulin dosing. Mean glycosilated hemoglobin was 8.18±0.23% without differences by sex or pubertal status. Sex, pubertal stage and the number of insulin doses did not contribute to glycosilated hemoglobin changes. There were no differences in weight or BMI, but there was a decrease in height Z score from the admission to the program until the last control (0.1±0.1 vs - 0.3±0.1 DS; p <0.01). Conclusions: A modified intensified modality of DM1 therapy for pediatric patients in a public hospital in Chile is feasible, achieving similar metabolic control, compared to international large centers. ER  - 
Characteristic growth pattern in male X-linked phosphorylase-b kinase deficiency (GSD IX); Growth retardation is one of the clinical characteristics of glycogen storage disease (GSD) type IX. Initial growth retardation has been described in a few case reports, followed by a complete catch-up in growth. This study aimed to determine the growth pattern of patients with GSD IX. Growth charts of 51 male Dutch patients with GSD IX (age 0-33 years, median follow-up time 8.3 years (range 0-30.5 years)) were studied retrospectively and compared with Dutch standard growth charts. Patients had a normal height at birth, significant growth retardation between the ages of 2 and 10 years (mean z-score -1.96), delayed growth spurt in puberty and catch-up towards quite normal final height (mean z-score-0.55). We conclude that GSD IX patients have a specific growth pattern characterized by initial growth retardation, a late growth spurt and complete catch-up in final height. Intervention for growth retardation is therefore in general not warranted. It is speculated that mild hypoglycaemia related to the disorder may cause endocrine changes. Because the glucose need per kg bodyweight decreases with age, the enzyme defect becomes less important with ageing and the effect on growth diminishes. ER  - 
Subclinical microvascular complications in diabetic children and adolescents; Subclinical complications of diabetes mellitus are more common than their clinical signs. The authors discuss the results of a 10-year prospective study among children and adolescent diabetics, using contemporary diagnostic methods for microangiopathy: nephropathy, retinopathy and polyneuropathy. The peripherial damage of motor and sensory nerves of lower limbs is the most common. The nephropathy takes the second place and the least common is the nonproliferative retinopathy among the young diabetics. A correlation between the different forms of diabetic microangiopathy was searched. The authors propose an early screening for subclinical signs of complications even in childhood and especially in the puberty, which is a risk period for initiation of diabetic nephropathy in girls. ER  - 
Insulin resistance in children and adolescents with autoimmune type 1 diabetes mellitus; The aim of this study was to estimate insulin resistance in autoimmune type 1 diabetic children and adolescents, in relationship with their age, puberty, obesity, serum lipids and the influence of impaired insulin action on the clinical course of the disease. 69 patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus (44 males, 25 females) at the age of 8,2 - 20,2 years (mean - 14,1 ± 3,3 years) were included in the study. Duration of diabetes was 1,5 - 7,5 years (mean 3,3 ± 1,4). Euglycemic-hyperinsulinemic clamp was performed to estimate the insulin resistance. Glucose disposal rate was calculated as the index M - mg/kg/min. The plasma cholesterol, HDL-Ch, triglicerides and HbA 1c were examined. The height, weight, skinfolds, waist and hip circumference were measured. In children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus insulin glucose disposal rate (M index) was 2.02 - 12.0 mg/kg/min., mean 6.35±2.2 mg/kg/min. The insulin resistance was related to the patients' age and stage of puberty. There was significant relationship between glucose infusion rate and adiposity and serum level of triglicerides. We did not find any influence of insulin resistance on metabolic control of diabetes, but insulin dose was related to glucose disposal rate. ER  - 
Increased fracture rates in Turner's syndrome: A nationwide questionnaire survey; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Reduced bone mineral content (BMC) and bone mineral density (BMD) have previously been reported in Turner's syndrome, although appropriate GH treatment and early induction of puberty seem to permit normal bone mass accumulation. Furthermore, an increased risk of fractures and osteoporosis have been reported in a registry study. The aim of the present study was to further characterize the risk of fractures in TS and to explore risk factors, in a historical follow-up survey based on a self-administered questionnaire. STUDY GROUPS: The questionnaire was issued to all females with TS (n = 632) in Denmark and to 1888 randomly selected controls (C) matched for age and geographical region. A total of 322 patients (51%) and 1169 controls (62%) returned the questionnaire. RESULTS: TS women were younger than C (30 years, range: 1-73 years vs. 34 years, range 2-82 years, P < 0.0005), smoked less often (17% vs. 27%, P < 0.0005), and had less frequent spontaneous menstruation (18% vs. 86%, P < 0.0005). In contrast, they used hormonal replacement therapy (HRT) more often (71% vs. 7%, P < 0.0005). The median age at start of HRT was 16 years (range 8-59 years) in TS vs. 42 years (range 12-53 years) in C (P < 0.0005). Above the age of 15 years, 83% of TS and 8% of C used HRT. GH had been used by 37% of TS but only 0.2% of C. Both type 1 and 2 diabetes were increased sevenfold among TS. Altogether, 77 individuals with TS had 109 fractures. The fracture risk was increased in TS [hazard ratio (HR, status) 1.35, confidence interval (CI) 1.04-1.75, P= 0.025]. Time to first fracture was reduced in TS (53 ± 2 vs. 63 ± 1; log-rank P = 0.03). Spontaneous menstruation was protective in females above 13 years of age (HR: 0.70, Cl 0.54-0.93, P = 0.012). A history of parental fractures increased the risk (HR 1.92, Cl 1.62-2.27, P ≤ 0.001). Fractures of the forearm was more frequent among TS (P = 0.02). CONCLUSION: The present nationwide survey, based on questionnaires, confirms an increased risk of early fractures in TS, especially in those without ovarian function and with a positive family history of fracture and osteoporosis. It thereby emphasizes the need for being vigilant with respect to BMD measurements in these patients. ER  - 
Effects of duration and age at onset of type 1 diabetes on preclinical manifestations of nephropathy; Several studies have reported that the effect of type 1 diabetes disease duration on nephropathy may be greater during or after puberty than an equivalent number of years before puberty. The International Diabetic Nephropathy Study examined the effects of disease duration and age at onset on glomerular morphometry obtained from kidney biopsy in 243 young type 1 diabetic subjects with albumin excretion rates <100 μg/min: 184 with prepubertal onset, 35 with pubertal onset, and 24 with postpuberty onset. Outcomes included the volume fraction of the glomerulus occupied by the mesangium [Vv(Mes/glom)], glomerular basement membrane (GBM) width, and the surface density of peripheral glomerular capillary basement membrane per glomerulus Sv(PGBM/glom). Vv(Mes/glom) progressed slowly in the first 14 or 15 years after disease onset but more rapidly thereafter. GBM width increased, while Sv(PGBM/glom) decreased with increasing disease duration. No statistically significant differences in the effect of duration were observed among the three age-at-onset subgroups, even with multivariate adjustment for sex, center, baseline HbA1c concentration, diastolic blood pressure, height, and BMI. Our results may explain the conflicting results of previous studies regarding the effects of pre- versus postpuberty disease duration. ER  - 
Frequency of the T228A polymorphism in the SORBS1 gene in children with premature pubarche and in adolescent girls with hyperandrogenism; Objective: Because the metabolic actions of insulin are more impaired than the mitogenic pathways in polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), genes coding for proteins involved in insulin-mediated glucose transport can be considered as candidate genes. The sorbin and SH3-domain-containing-1 (SORBS1) gene codes for c-Cbl-associated protein (CAP) involved in insulin-mediated glucose uptake. An association study showed that a missense variant of the SORBS1 gene is protective against obesity and diabetes. We tested the hypothesis that the frequency of the protective allele would be decreased in children with premature pubarche and adolescent girls with hyperandrogenism. Design: Association study. Setting: Academic research environment. Patient(s): Children referred for the evaluation of premature pubarche (n = 79), adolescent girls with hyperandrogenism (n = 56), and healthy nondiabetic controls (n = 50). Intervention(s): None. Main Outcome Measure(s): Frequency of the T228A allele in our patients and the relationship of body mass index to presence or absence of the T228A variant in our patient population. Result(s): Using allele-specific restriction fragment length polymorphism, allele frequencies were found to be similar among the premature pubarche, hyperandrogenism, and control groups (6.0%, 4.6%, and 8.0%, respectively). No statistically significant relationships were found between the SORBS1 genotypes and body mass index or hormone status. Conclusion(s): This SORBS1 polymorphism does not play a major role in premature pubarche, hyperandrogenism, and/or polycystic ovary syndrome in our patient population. © 2003 by American Society for Reproductive Medicine. ER  - 
Long-term mortality in nationwide cohorts of childhood-onset type 1 diabetes in Japan and Finland; OBJECTIVE - This study compares mortality from type 1 diabetes in Japan and Finland and examines the effects of sex, age at diagnosis, and calendar time period of diagnosis on mortality. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - Patients with type 1 diabetes from Japan (n = 1,408) and Finland (n = 5,126), diagnosed from 1965 through 1979, at age <18 years, were followed until 1994. Mortality was estimated with and without adjustment for that of the general population to assess absolute and relative mortality using Cox proportional hazard models. RESULTS - Overall mortality rates in Japan and Finland were 607 (95% CI 510-718) and 352 (315-393), respectively, per 100,000 person-years; standardized mortality ratios were 12.9 (10.8-15.3) and 3.7 (3.3-4.1), respectively. Absolute mortality was higher for men than for women in Finland, but relative mortality was higher for women than for men in both cohorts. Absolute mortality was higher in both cohorts among those whose diabetes was diagnosed during puberty, but relative mortality did not show any significant difference by age at diagnosis in either cohort. In Japan, both absolute and relative mortality were higher among those whose diagnosis was in the 1960s rather than the 1970s. CONCLUSIONS - Mortality from type 1 diabetes was higher in Japan compared with Finland. The increased risk of death from type 1 diabetes seems to vary by sex, age at diagnosis, and calendar time period of diagnosis. Further investigation, especially on cause-specific mortality, is warranted in the two countries. © 2003 by the American Diabetes Association. ER  - 
Assessing short-statured children for growth hormone deficiency; Aim: To optimize the workup of short-statured children by defining the most appropriate tools for diagnosing growth hormone (GH) deficiency. Methods: Patients were assigned to prepubertal (n = 113) or pubertal (n = 112, including 25 boys primed with testosterone) age groups. Mean plasma GH concentration during sleep, GH peak after provocative test, and insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) were measured in a single evaluation. Results: The mean GH concentration during sleep was more often normal (n = 155) than the GH peak after provocative tests (n = 105) or the IGF-I concentration (n = 88). Prepubertal patients with a normal body mass index (BMI) had mean GH concentrations during sleep that correlated positively with height, growth rate, GH peak after provocative tests, and IGF-I (p < 0.0005 for all) and negatively with the difference between target and patient heights (p = 0.01) and BMI (p < 0.05). Pubertal patients with a normal BMI had a mean GH concentration during sleep that correlated positively with GH after provocative tests (p < 0.0001) and IGF-I (p < 0.005). Mean GH concentration during sleep and IGF-I concentration for boys primed with testosterone were more often normal (n = 23) than the GH peak after provocative tests (n = 14). All 9 patients with pituitary stalk interruption had low IGF-I concentrations; 1 patient had a normal GH peak after provocative test, and 2 patients had normal mean GH concentrations during sleep. Conclusions: Measuring the GH concentration during sleep and priming boys with pubertal delay can help to exclude idiopathic GH deficiency. Magnetic resonance imaging is needed to exclude anatomic abnormalities when GH and/or IGF-I concentrations are low. Copyright © 2003 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Serum lipids, glucose homeostasis and abdominal adipose tissue distribution in protease inhibitor-treated and naive HIV-infected children; Objective: To determine the extent and degree of abnormalities of serum lipids, glucose homeostasis and abdominal adipose tissue distribution in protease inhibitor (PI)-treated and PI-naive HIV-infected children. Design: A cross-sectional study involving HIV-infected children, 3-18 years of age, in a paediatric tertiary care centre. Main outcome measures: Total, HDL and LDL-cholesterol, triglycerides, glucose, insulin, proinsulin and C-peptide were determined in the fasting state. Insulin resistance was assessed using the homeostatic model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). Abdominal adipose tissue distribution was determined by single-slice computed tomography at the umbilical level. Results: Thirty PI-treated and 20 PI-naive children were evaluated (76% prepubertal). PI-treated children had significantly higher total cholesterol (P = 0.0021), LDL-cholesterol (P = 0.019) and triglycerides (P = 0.0018). Serum glucose, insulin, proinsulin and C-peptide, the insulin: glucose ratio, HOMA-IR and abdominal adipose tissue distribution were similar in the two groups. Clinical and immunological HIV categories, viral load, CD4 cell count and stavudine therapy were not significantly associated with serum lipids, insulin resistance or abdominal adipose tissue distribution. The predictor variable most strongly associated with fasting serum insulin and HOMA-IR was the Tanner stage. Age was the most significant predictor variable of the visceral: subcutaneous adipose tissue ratio. Conclusion: In this cohort of predominantly prepubertal HIV-infected children, PI therapy was associated with an atherogenic dyslipidemia but not with insulin resistance or abnormal abdominal adipose tissue distribution. The results suggest that children, particularly prepubertal children, are less susceptible than adults to PI-induced changes in glucose homeostasis and abdominal adipose tissue distribution. © 2003 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Blood glucose concentrations are reduced in children born small for gestational age (SGA), and thyroid-stimulating hormone levels are increased in SGA with blunted postnatal catch-up growth; Fetal growth restriction is associated with an increased risk of developing insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes in adulthood. In addition, 10-20% of children born small for gestational age (SGA) do not achieve a normal final height. The purpose of this study was to investigate insulin sensitivity and endocrine status in SGA children, compared with that in children born appropriate for gestational age (AGA). Furthermore, within the SGA group, we aimed to relate postnatal growth to anthropometric, biochemical, and endocrine parameters. Eighty-two SGA children (with a mean age of 8.6 ± 3.5 yr) and 53 short-AGA children (with a mean age of 9.3 ± 3.3 yr) were studied. A case-control study was carried out in 26 SGA and 26 short-AGA subjects. For each SGA subject, we selected a short-AGA child matched for sex, age (within 1 yr), pubertal status, body mass index (within 0.5 kg/m2), and height (within 0.25 z-score). Children's statures were corrected for their midparental height, and SGA children were subdivided into 2 groups: catch-up growth (CG) group (children with corrected height with at least 0 z-score); and non-CG (NCG) group (subjects with corrected height with less than 0 z-score). Comparing SGA with short-AGA subjects, no significant differences in fasting insulin, fasting glucose/insulin ratio, homeostasis assessment model for insulin resistance, and homeostasis assessment model-β-cell values were observed. SGA children showed significantly reduced levels of glucose (4.4 ± 0.6 vs. 4.9 ± 0.6 mM, P < 0.0001), total cholesterol (160.1 ± 28.8 vs. 171.8 ± 28.5 mg/dl, P = 0.02), and high-density-lipoprotein cholesterol (53.3 ± 12.1 vs. 58 ± 11.4 mg/dl, P = 0.02). The analysis of the subjects selected for the case-control study confirmed that SGA children did not have significant differences in the indices of insulin sensitivity but showed significantly lower glucose levels (4.4 ± 0.7 vs. 4.9 ± 0.4 mM, P < 0.005). Subdividing the SGA group into CG (n = 25) and NCG (n = 57) children, we found that NCG children showed significantly higher levels of TSH (2.5 ± 1.3 vs. 1.9 ± 0.6 mU/liter, P = 0.002). Our data indicate that SGA children do not have altered insulin sensitivity when compared with auxologically identical AGA subjects but show a significant reduction of glucose concentrations. Whether the lower glucose levels are attributable to an early phase of augmented insulin sensitivity, as previously reported in animal models, has to be established. The finding of higher TSH concentrations in SGA children with blunted CG suggests that intrauterine reprogramming might involve thyroid function, which, in turn, might affect postnatal growth and cholesterol metabolism, eventually increasing the risk of cardiovascular disease. ER  - 
Using patient's risk factors for coronary heart disease, breast cancer and osteoporosis in estimating the risk/benefit ratio during long-term HRT; OBJECTIVE: Main purpose of long term HRT is to prevent coronary heart disease, osteoporosis and related bone fractures which are increased by menopausal period. Both coronary heart disease, myocardial infarction and osteoporotic hip fractures are life-threatening conditions. Both of them are related with some risk factors. HRT will increase survival time in patients at risk groups. On the other hand as the duration of therapy increased, risk of some diseases, especially breast cancer will also increase. Therapy can only be done if the survival time is more than 6 months. STUDY DESIGN: Eighty patients in our clinic are evaluated. Risk scores were determined for each disease. Risks factors for coronary heart disease were systolic blood pressure, ratio of cholesterol/HDL, left ventricular hypertropy in ECG, smoking, Diabetes Mellitus history. Risk factors for breast cancer were age at first menstrual period, age at first labor, number of biopsy for benign breast diseases, number of breast cancers in first degree relatives. Risks factors for osteoporosis were benzodiazepin usage, 4 hour or less standing period a day, difficulty in standing up, more than 80 heart beat/min at rest, at 25 years old more than 165 cm height, weight loss, feeling ill and decrease in bone density after 25 years old. By using coronary heart disease and breast cancer scores and also "Col et al HRT surveillance diagram", patients whom life expectancy is more than 6 months were determined. Again with a diagram that Col et al were used and with risks scores of coronary heart disease, breast cancer and osteoporosis, patients which survival time can be increased more than 6 months are determined. RESULT(s): By using HRT and breast cancer risk in 34 patients (42.5%) more than 6 months surveillance time was found. In the second step, therapy only for osteoporosis was indicated in 70 patients (87.5%). Thirty four patients (42.5%) therapy indication was only for osteoporosis. With this indication alternative therapies can be use. In inditasiz 10 patients (12.5%) therapy was not appropriate for the purpose. CONCLUSION(s): Considering risk factors is a practicle and wise may for selecting patients for HRT. The group that can take most benefit is the group that have highest risk of coronary heart disease and osteoporosis and have lowest risk for breast cancer. If the indication is only osteoporosis, alternative therapies can be thought. According to this approach, HRT was appropriate to start in 42.5% of our patients. ER  - 
Association of a functional 17β-estradiol sensitive IL6-174G/C promoter polymorphism with early-onset type 1 diabetes in females; The type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) candidate gene SNP IL6-174G/C was genotyped in 253 Danish T1DM families (1129 individuals). TDT analysis demonstrated linkage in the presence of association between the IL6-174C allele and T1DM in the 416 T1DM offspring, Ptdt = 0.04. Gender conditioned TDT analyses revealed that linkage and association with T1DM were present in females exclusively; Ptdt = 6.5 × 10-4 and Ptdt = 2.4 × 10-4 , respectively. Random transmission of the IL6-174C/G alleles was found in T1DM males, non-T1DM males and non-T1DM females; all Ptdt ≥ 0.37. Heterogeneity analyses (T1DM versus non-T1DM females) excluded preferential meiotic segregation in females, P = 4.6 × 10-3, and demonstrated differences in the transmission patterns between female and male T1DM offspring, P = 5.1 × 10-3. The IL6-174 CC genotype was associated with younger age at onset of T1DM in females (P=0.002). The impact of 17β-estradiol (E2) on the IL6-174G/C variants was investigated by reporter studies. The PMA stimulated activity of the T1DM risk IL6-174C variant exceeded that of the T1DM protective IL6-174G variant by ∼70% in the absence of E2 (Pc = 0.004), but not with E2 present (Pc = 0.12). The PMA stimulated activity of the IL6-174G variant was repressed without E2 present, but was derepressed by addition of E2, Pc = 0.024. In contrast, the PMA stimulated IL6-174C activity was unaffected by E2 as were the constitutive activities of the IL6-174G/C variants. In conclusion, higher IL6 promoter activity may confer risk to T1DM in very young females. This excess risk is negated with increasing age, possibly by the increasing E2 levels in puberty. ER  - 
Presence of magnetic resonance imaging abnormalities of the hypothalamic-pituitary axis is a significant determinant of the first 3 years growth response to human growth hormone treatment in prepubertal children with nonacquired growth hormone deficiency; OBJECTIVE: The factors influencing the highly variable growth response to GH treatment in GH-deficient children are not fully understood. Despite a real benefit with GH treatment in term of growth response, most of these patients attain a mean adult height below their target height and the strategy to optimise final height has to be improved. The aim of this study was to investigate whether the presence of congenital abnormalities of the hypothalamic-pituitary axis on magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) could be a determinant of the growth response in nonacquired prepubertal GH-deficient children, and to identify which pretreatment variables most significantly affect the first 3 years growth response to human GH (hGH) therapy. PATIENTS AND METHODS: The growth response to hGH treatment (0.55 ± 0.1 IU/kg/week) was evaluated in 69 prepubertal children with nonacquired GH deficiency, according to the absence (group A: chronological age = 4.8 ± 2.4 years, n = 37) or the presence (group B: chronological age = 3.4 ± 2.7 years, n = 32) of developmental abnormalities on cerebral magnetic imaging and, after controlling for GH dose, age, height, height velocity (SDS) and body mass index at start of treatment, maximum stimulated GH peak concentration, GH deficiency type (isolated vs. multiple deficiency), parental height, size at birth and sex. RESULTS: After 3 years of treatment, the mean height gain was significantly higher in patients of group B vs. group A (2.2 ± 1.3 vs. 1.6 ± 1 SDS; P < 0.05). In a multiple regression analysis, age (r2 = 0.19, negatively correlated), pretreatment height velocity (r2 = 0.11, negatively correlated), GH dose (r2 = 0.05, positively correlated) and presence of magnetic resonance imaging developmental abnormalities (r2 = 0.05, positively correlated) were found to significantly explain 40% of the variability in growth response. CONCLUSIONS: The detection of congenital abnormalities in the hypothalamic-pituitary area on MRI is more important than the level of maximum stimulated GH to predict the growth response to hGH treatment in prepubertal nonacquired GH-deficient children. Although the persistence of GH deficiency remains to be confirmed during follow-up by reassessment of GH secretion in isolated GH-deficient patients with normal MRI findings, further studies are needed to evaluate whether an increased hGH dose in these patients could improve long-term growth response. ER  - 
Risk factors for diabetes in familial partial lipodystrophy, Dunnigan variety; OBJECTIVES - Familial partial lipodystrophy, Dunnigan variety (FPLD), is an autosomal dominant disorder due to missense mutations in the lamin A/C (LMNA) gene encoding nuclear lamina proteins. It is characterized by loss of subcutaneous fat from the extremities and trunk and accumulation of fat in the head and neck region beginning at puberty. Patients with FPLD are predisposed to metabolic complications of insulin resistance such as diabetes. We sought to identify risk factors for diabetes in patients with FPLD. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - A cross-sectional study comparing clinical, biochemical, and anthropometric variables and LMNA genotypes in FPLD patients with and without diabetes. RESULTS - We studied 52 women and 24 men with FPLD from 18 different families. Twenty-eight women (54%) but only four men (17%) had diabetes (P < 0.001); therefore further comparisons were mostly limited to women. Compared with women without diabetes, those with diabetes had higher BMI (median values 23 vs. 24 kg/m2, respectively; P = 0.03), increased chin skinfold thickness (10 vs. 20 mm; P = 0.001), lower rates of nulliparity (60% vs. 28%; P = 0.04), and higher levels of fasting serum triglycerides (2.4 vs. 3.5 mmol/l; P < 0.001) but similar serum leptin levels (3.4 vs. 3.6 ng/ml; P = 0.9). The prevalence of diabetes was not related to age, menopausal status, family history of type 2 diabetes in unaffected relatives, or LMNA genotype. CONCLUSIONS - We conclude that increased adiposity as reflected by excess subcutaneous fat accumulation in the chin region and parity may predispose women with FPLD to develop diabetes. ER  - 
Low IGF-I and elevated testosterone during puberty in subjects with type 1 diabetes developing microalbuminuria in comparison to normoalbuminuric control subjects: The oxford regional prospective study; OBJECTIVE - To describe longitudinal variations in pubertal hormonal variables in subjects with and without microalbuminuria (MA). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - Blood samples collected annually from subjects recruited at diagnosis of type 1 diabetes and followed prospectively through puberty (median follow-up 9.3 years, range 4.7-12.8) were analyzed for total and free IGF-I, IGF binding protein-1, testosierone, sex hormone-binding globulin, and HbA1c. A total of 55 subjects who developed MA (MA+ group) were compared with 55 age-, sex-, and duration-matched control subjects who did not develop MA (MA- group). RESULTS - For female subjects, total IGF-I (MA+1.2 mU/l vs. MA-1.4 mU/l, P = 0.03) and free IGF-I levels (MA+1,767 ng/l vs. MA-2010 ng/l, P = 0.002) were lower, whereas the free androgen index (MA+2.4 vs. MA-2.0, P = 0.03) was higher in those with MA. These changes were less pronounced in male subjects. For both sexes, in a Cox model after adjusting for puberty, the presence of MA was associated with lower free IGF-I levels, higher testosterone standard deviation score (SDS), and poor glycemic control. We found that 22 of 55 case subjects (40%) developed persistent MA, whereas 33 (60%) had transient MA. In the persistent MA group compared with the transient and control groups, total IGF-I levels were lower (1.1 vs. 1.3 vs. 1.4 mU/l, P = 0.002) as were free IGF-I levels (1,370.9 vs. 1,907.3 vs. 1,886.7 ng/l, P < 0.001), whereas HbA1c levels were higher (11.8 vs. 10.3 vs. 9.9%, P < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS - Poor glycemic control and differences in IGF-I levels and androgens, particularly in female subjects, accompany development of MA at puberty. These differences may in part account for the sexual dimorphism in MA risk during puberty and could relate to disease progression. ER  - 
Using genetic admixture to explain racial differences in insulin-related phenotypes; Documented differences in measures of insulin secretion and action between African Americans and European Americans may be due to either genetic or environmental factors. This study used genetic admixture (ADM), determined from ∼20 ancestry informative markers, and a questionnaire designed to assess socioeconomic status (SES) to examine potential genetic and environmental contributions to minimal model-derived measures of insulin sensitivity (SI), fasting insulin, and the acute insulin response to glucose (AIRg) in 125 children residing in Birmingham, Alabama. The study was longitudinal in design and yielded multiple outcome measures on each subject. Mixed models analysis was used to determine if ADM and SES were independently related to SI, fasting insulin, and AIRg after adjusting for confounding factors (pubertal status, adiposity, age) and for repeated testing of individuals. In this cohort, African ADM ranged from 0% (individuals with no markers reflecting African ancestry) to 100% (individuals with all 20 markers reflecting African ancestry). Results indicated that ADM was independently related to SI (P < 0.001) and fasting insulin (P < 0.01), with individuals having greater African ADM having a lower SI and a higher fasting insulin concentration. Both ADM (P < 0.001) and SES (P < 0.05) were independently related to AIRg; children with greater African ADM or lower SES had a higher AIRg, even after adjusting for SI. These observations suggest that use of ADM can replace assignment of individuals to categorical racial groups; that lower SI and higher fasting insulin among African Americans compared with European Americans may have a genetic basis; and that higher AIRg among African Americans may be due to both genetic factors and to environmental factors that remain to be identified. ER  - 
A 3-year prospective study to assess uterine growth in girls with Turner's syndrome by pelvic ultrasound; OBJECTIVE: Adult women with Turner's syndrome who have used the donor ovum IVF programme are reported to have reduced pregnancy outcome with an increased risk for first trimester spontaneous abortion. This is considered to be related to a small uterine size and reduced endometrial thickness. This study examines whether adequate oestrogen replacement during the early adolescent years will result in normal adult uterine dimensions, with consequent reduction in these pregnancy risks. DESIGN: A prospective evaluation of uterine dimensions by pelvic ultrasound examination over 3 years, in a group of 18 girls commencing pubertal induction with oestrogen or entering puberty spontaneously. PATIENTS: Girls with Turner's syndrome attending the outpatient clinc at the Royal Children's Hospital and due to start oestrogen treatment were invited to participate in the study. MEASUREMENTS: Data were collected for clinical parameters of age, pubertal staging, menarche, oestrogen dose and karyotype. Ultrasonographic measurements of uterine length, sagittal and transverse width, endometrial cavity and identification of ovaries were also included. RESULTS: The mean age at commencement of the study was 14.6 years, mean age at final evaluation was 17.1 years. Karyotype was 45XO in 6/18, mosaic in 12/18. Spontaneous pubertal onset occurred in 5/18. One of these later required the addition of oestrogen treatment. Pubertal induction with oestrogen was used in 13/18 girls. A total of 15/18 girls have either achieved spontaneous menarche or are using adult doses of oestrogen and progestogen with regular withdrawal bleeds. All 18 girls have achieved a uterine length of 5.8-8.6 cm (mean 7.04 cm) within the normal adult range (5-8 cm). Mean uterine volume was 30.23 cm3. CONCLUSION: The study suggests that adequate oestrogen replacement in early to mid adolescence mimicking spontaneous timing of puberty results in normal uterine growth and adult uterine dimensions. Further follow-up of uterine growth in these girls is warranted. ER  - 
Androgens and coronary artery disease; A significant and independent association between endogenous testosterone (T) levels and coronary events in men and women has not been confirmed in large prospective studies, although cross-sectional data have suggested coronary heart disease can be associated with low T in men. Hypoandrogenemia in men and hyperandrogenemia in women are associated with visceral obesity; insulin resistance; low high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol (HDL-C); and elevated triglycerides, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and plasminogen activator type 1. These gender differences and confounders render the precise role of endogenous T in atherosclerosis unclear. Observational studies do not support the hypothesis that dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate deficiency is a risk factor for coronary artery disease. The effects of exogenous T on cardiovascular mortality or morbidity have not been extensively investigated in prospective controlled studies; preliminary data suggest there may be short-term improvements in electrocardiographic changes in men with coronary artery disease. In the majority of animal experiments, exogenous T exerts either neutral or beneficial effects on the development of atherosclerosis. Exogenous androgens induce both apparently beneficial and deleterious effects on cardiovascular risk factors by decreasing serum levels of HDL-C, plasminogen activator type 1 (apparently deleterious), lipoprotein (a), fibrinogen, insulin, leptin, and visceral fat mass (apparently beneficial) in men as well as women. However, androgen-induced declines in circulating HDL-C should not automatically be assumed to be proatherogenic, because these declines may instead reflect accelerated reverse cholesterol transport. Supraphysiological concentrations of T stimulate vasorelaxation; but at physiological concentrations, beneficial, neutral, and detrimental effects on vascular reactivity have been observed. T exerts proatherogenic effects on macrophage function by facilitating the up-take of modified lipoproteins and an antiatherogenic effect by stimulating efflux of cellular cholesterol to HDL. In conclusion, the inconsistent data, which can only be partly explained by differences in dose and source of androgens, militate against a meaningful assessment of the net effect of T on atherosclerosis. Based on current evidence, the therapeutic use oft in men need not be restricted by concerns regarding cardiovascular side effects. Available data also do not justify the uncontrolled use of T or dehydroepiandrosterone for the prevention or treatment of coronary heart disease. ER  - 
Waist circumference as a predictor of cardiovascular and metabolic risk factors in obese girls; Objectives: (a) to explore the relationship between waist circumference and certain cardiovascular risk factors in a group of girls; and (b) to assess the clinical relevance of waist circumference in identifying girls with higher cardiovascular risk across puberty. Subjects and methods: One-hundred and fifty-five overweight or obese girls aged 5-16y were recruited. Overweight and obesity were defined on the basis of BMI, according to Cole. Results: Waist circumference was significantly correlated with plasma insulin (r = 0.43; P <0.001), systolic blood pressure (r = 0.22; P = 0.007) and IRHOMA (r = 0.40; P <0.001). A multivariate linear correlation analysis showed that, when adjusted for age and Tanner stage, waist circumference was significantly associated with plasma insulin (r2 = 0.23; P <0.01), IRHOMA (r2 = 0.17; P <0.02), systolic and diastolic blood pressure (r2=0.20; P=0.006 and r2 = 0.32; P <0.001, respectively). A logistic regression analysis, using IRHOMA as the dependent variable, showed that waist circumference was a significant independent risk factor of insulin resistance (IRHOMA ≥ 2.6) in this group of girls (OR 1.10; 95% CI 1.03-1.18; P=0.003), independently of their age and Tanner stage. Conclusions: Waist circumference of these girls was independently associated with certain cardiovascular risk factors, in particular insulin resistance and diastolic blood pressure, independently of age and Tanner stage. Thus suggesting that waist circumference may be reasonably included in clinical practice as a simple tool that may help to identify sub-groups of obese girls at higher metabolic risk across puberty. ER  - 
Menstrual cycle differences between women with type 1 diabetes and women without diabetes; OBJECTIVE - To evaluate menstrual cycle histories among women with type 1 diabetes, their sisters, and unrelated control subjects without diabetes across all reproductive ages. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - Menstrual and reproductive histories were obtained by questionnaire from 143 women with type 1 diabetes, 186 sisters without diabetes, and 158 unrelated control subjects without diabetes participating in the Familial Autoimmune and Diabetes study. RESULTS - Women with type 1 diabetes had more menstrual problems (long cycles, long menstruation, and heavy menstruation) before age 30 years than sisters and control subjects. These differences were all statistically significant, except for heavy menstruation at age <20 years. No differences were observed after age 30 years. Women with type 1 diabetes experienced later menarche, earlier natural menopause, fewer pregnancies, and more stillbirths than women without diabetes. Multiple regression analyses revealed that type 1 diabetes caused an approximate twofold increased risk of any menstrual problem before age 30 years. These were primarily related to long cycles and long menstruation in women aged <20 and 20-29 years, as well as with heavy menstruation from 20 to 29 years. Oral contraceptives were protective for any menstrual problem and heavy menstruation from 30 to 39 years of age. With history of pregnancy from 20 to 40 years of age, any menstrual problem and long menstruation were more likely. CONCLUSIONS - The results suggest that type 1 diabetes is an independent risk factor for menstrual disturbances in young adults. Future studies may determine whether addressing menstrual disturbances improves quality of life and health for these women. ER  - 
Do all prepubertal years of diabetes duration contribute equally to diabetes complications?; OBJECTIVE - This study was designed to explore the timeline of protection against complications in prepubertal children with diabetes, in particular the effects of diabetes duration before age 5 years. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - In this study, 193 adolescents with prepubertal diabetes onset were followed longitudinally for retinopathy (early background and clinical) and microalbuminuria (albumin excretion rate > 7.5 μg/min and > 20 μg/min). Multiple logistic regression analysis was used to compare the effect of pre- and postpubertal diabetes duration on the risk of each complication in 90 subjects reassessed as young adults. For the entire cohort, Kaplan-Meier estimates were used to determine time free of each complication, and survival was compared in those diagnosed before and after age 5 years. Accelerated failure time modeling was used to estimate the effect of covariates, including diabetes duration before puberty, on the risk of complications. RESULTS - Prepubertal duration improved the prediction for retinopathy over postpubertal duration alone in the young adults. The survival-free period of retinopathy and microalbuminuria was significantly longer (2-4 years) for those diagnosed before age 5 years compared with those diagnosed after age 5 years. Time to onset of all complications increased progressively with longer diabetes duration before gonadarche. Higher HbA1c during adolescence had an independent effect on the risk of retinopathy and microalbuminuria. CONCLUSIONS - Prepubertal diabetes duration remains a significant predictor of retinopathy in young adults. The effect of time on the risk of retinopathy and microalbuminuria is nonuniform, with an increasing delay in the onset of complications in those with longer prepubertal duration. These findings are of major clinical importance when setting targets of glycemic control in young children who are at greatest risk of hypoglycemia. ER  - 
Childhood diabetes identified in mass urine screening program in Taiwan, 1993-1999; Objective: To describe the gender differences in cases and characteristics of diabetes mellitus (DM) that can be identified from a mass urine screen program for school children in Taiwan. Method: Screening for the childhood asymptomatic proteinuria and glucosuria began in 1992 for school children. Students were instructed to collect mid-stream samples of the first morning urine for glucosuria and proteinuria tests using urine strip devices. Students with positive results for glucose and/or protein and/or occult blood in the first examination received a second urine test. The third screening test was performed for urine and fasting blood sample for 11-item examinations if the second test was positive. The 1997 criteria of American Diabetes Association were used for defining DM. Results: Approximately 2 615 000-2 932 000 students received the preliminary screening each semester. The overall average rates of newly identified diabetes from 1993 to 1999 were 8.3 per 100 000 among boys, and 12.0 per 100 000 among girls. The average rate of new cases increased significantly from sixth grade for boys and fourth grade for girls, with peak rates of 14.7 per 100 000 in eighth grade for boys and 19.0 per 100 000 in sixth grade for girls. Similar prevalence trends by sex and grade were observed, higher in girls than in boys. Conclusions: This mass screening data suggest that childhood diabetes of all types in Taiwan is elevated in the age of puberty and higher in girls than in boys. © 2002 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The regulation of growth in glycogen storage disease type 1; OBJECTIVE: To study endocrine and metabolic variables that affect growth in patients with glycogen storage disease type I (GSD-1) receiving standard dietary therapy. DESIGN: Observational study. PATIENTS AND MEASUREMENTS: Thirty-eight patients with GSD-1, age range 0.6-32.9 years, were investigated on their usual dietary regimens. Data on height, height velocity in prepubertal children, endocrine and metabolic responses to oral glucose load, 24-h serum cortisol and GH concentration profiles and serum IGF-1 concentrations were collected. RESULTS: The population studied was shorter than average, with a median height standard deviation score (SDS) of -1.60, but significantly taller than a historical population studied at the same institution that had not received dietary therapy at the time of study. A wide range of height SDS was encountered (-5.28 to 1.21) and a subset still exhibit marked growth failure. Median body mass index (BMI) SDS was 0.72 (range -1.34 to 3.96). Those patients with the greatest BMI SDS had the lowest serum GH concentrations but serum IGF-1 concentrations were within the normal range. Patients with the poorest growth exhibit low serum insulin concentration responses to glucose load, GH insensitivity and higher mean 24-h plasma cortisol levels when compared to those patients who were better grown. CONCLUSION: This study shows that overall the growth of this group of patients with glycogen storage disease type I has improved compared to that of a historical control group. There remains a subset of this population with poor growth despite therapy. The measured endocrine responses in this subset are similar to those reported for untreated patients. To improve the growth further in these individuals it will be necessary to understand whether this is failure of prescribed therapy or failure to comply with therapy. ER  - 
Fat distribution in non-obese girls with and without precocious pubarche: Central adiposity related to insulinaemia and androgenaemia from prepuberty to postmenarche; OBJECTIVE: Precocious pubarche (PP) in girls is associated with hyperinsulinaemia and dyslipidaemia of prepubertal onset, and with ovarian hyperandrogenism and ovulatory dysfunction in adolescence, particularly if they also had prenatal growth restraint and postnatal growth acceleration. Hyperinsulinaemia may be the pathogenic key factor, possibly amplified by hyperandrogenaemia. While such PP girls do not have increased body mass index (BMI), we hypothesized that body fat mass and fat distribution may differ between PP girls and matched controls, and may relate to insulin and androgen levels. PATIENTS AND DESIGN: Sixty-seven PP girls (age range 6.0-18-0 years) and 65 control girls matched for age and pubertal stage (5.9-18.0 years) had height, weight, waist and hip circumferences measured, and dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA) assessment of total body fat mass, and fat mass in abdominal and truncal regions. All girls had fasting plasma glucose, serum insulin, lipids, testosterone and SHBG levels measured; PP girls also had a standard 2-h oral glucose tolerance test (oGTT). RESULTS: Despite no differences in BMI, PP girls had significantly larger waist circumference, waist-to-hip ratio, total fat mass, percentage fat mass, abdominal fat mass, and truncal fat mass vs. controls in each pubertal stage. Overall, fasting insulin levels, free androgen index (FAI) and blood lipid levels were more closely related to central fat than to total body fat mass. In a multiple regression analysis, truncal fat mass was independently related to both fasting insulin (P= 0.009) and FAI (P < 0.0001). Abdominal fat mass was inversely related to birthweight (r= -0-25, P= 0.001). In PP girls, central fat mass was positively related to insulin levels after oGTT (truncal fat vs. 30 min insulin; r= 0.46, P < 0.0005). CONCLUSIONS: Precocious pubarche girls had excess total body and central fat mass throughout all pubertal stages, and increased central fat was related to hyperinsulinaemia and hyperandrogenaemia. It remains to be verified whether body composition in PP girls can be normalized by insulin-sensitization and/or antiandrogen therapy. ER  - 
Lean adolescents with increased risk for metabolic syndrome; The aim of the present study was to determine in adolescents the relationship between insulin levels and body mass index (BMI), body fat distribution, diet, life style and lipid profile. We studied 167 adolescents (68 boys and 99 girls) whose ages ranged from 14 to 17 years. A detailed medical (including pubertal stage) and nutritional record was obtained from each subject. Biochemical measurements included fasting serum insulin, glucose, total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (Tg), HDL-C, LDL-C and VLDL-C. HOMA insulin resistance (IR) and HOMA β-cell function (β-cell) were calculated. Insulin levels were over 84 pmol/L (cut off normal value in our lab) in 56% of the boys and 43% of the girls. Thirty-seven percent of lean adolescents whose BMI was 21.5 ± 1.9 kg/m2 presented higher fasting insulin levels, HOMA IR, Tg, systolic (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) values when compared to a lean normoinsulinemic group. Insulin levels were correlated (p< 0.01) with body mass index. Both boys and girls in the highest BMI quartile (BMI > 24 kg/m2) had significantly higher serum insulin, HOMA β-cell, and Tg levels, and the lowest HDL-C levels. A high-energy intake rich in saturated fat and low physical activity were found in this lean but metabolically altered adolescents. We conclude that even with a BMI as low as 21 kg/m2 an inappropriate diet and low physical activity might be responsible for the high insulin levels and dislipidemias in adolescents. ER  - 
Associations of height, leg length, and lung function with cardiovascular risk factors in the Midspan Family Study; Background: Taller people and those with better lung function are at reduced risk of coronary heart disease (CHD). Biological mechanisms for these associations are not well understood, but both measures may be markers for early life exposures. Some studies have shown that leg length, an indicator of pre-pubertal nutritional status, is the component of height most strongly associated with CHD risk. Other studies show that height-CHD associations are greatly attenuated when lung function is controlled for. This study examines (1) the association of height and the components of height (leg length and trunk length) with CHD risk factors and (2) the relative strength of the association of height and forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) with risk factors for CHD. Subjects and methods: Cross sectional analysis of data collected at detailed cardiovascular screening examinations of 1040 men and 1298 women aged 30-59 whose parents were screened in 1972-76. Subjects come from 1477 families and are members of the Midspan Family Study. Setting: The towns of Renfrew and Paisley in the West of Scotland. Results: Taller subjects and those with better lung function had more favourable cardiovascular risk factor profiles, associations were strongest in relation to FEV1. Higher FEV1 was associated with lower blood pressure, cholesterol, glucose, fibrinogen, white blood cell count, and body mass index. Similar, but generally weaker, associations were seen with height. These associations were not attenuated in models controlling for parental height. Longer leg length, but not trunk length, was associated with lower systolic and diastolic blood pressure. Longer leg length was also associated with more favourable levels of cholesterol and body mass index than trunk length. Conclusions: These findings provide indirect evidence that measures of lung development and pre-pubertal growth act as biomarkers for childhood exposures that may modify an individual's risk of developing CHD. Genetic influences do not seem to underlie height-CHD associations. ER  - 
Secular trends in growth in diabetes: Are we winning?; Aim: To determine potential effects of modern treatment on growth in diabetic children. Methods: Retrospective analysis of growth in diabetic children stratified by their year of diagnosis between 1974 and 1995. A total of 451 children and adolescents attending the Diabetes Outpatient and Outreach Clinics of Royal Alexandra Hospital for Children in Sydney and rural NSW, Australia were studied. Standard deviation scores (SDS) for height and body mass index (BMI) were assessed at diagnosis, five years later (n = 451), and 10 years later (n = 111). Results: After five years of diabetes duration height SDS loss correlated with higher HbA1c and fewer injections. BMI SDS gain correlated with HbA1c and age at diagnosis. Although there was no significant difference in their height SDS or age at diagnosis, children diagnosed 1974-90 were significantly shorter than children diagnosed 1991-95 (height SDS 0.07 v 0.37) after five years diabetes duration. Furthermore, over 5 and 10 years, the 1979-90 group had lost significant height SDS (mean change -0.20 at 5 years, -0.29 at 10 years); this did not occur in the 1991-95 group (-0.01 at 5 years, -0.13 at 10 years). The BMI SDS increased significantly after 10 years in the 1974-90 group (mean change 0.37) but not in the 1991-95 group. There was no significant difference in the 174 females' age of menarche (13.0 v 12.8 years). Conclusions: Children with diabetes treated with modern regimens maintain their increased height from diagnosis better, and after five years diabetes duration, were taller than children diagnosed before 1991. ER  - 
Do growth hormone (GH) serial sampling, insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) or auxological measurements have an advantage over GH stimulation testing in predicting the linear growth response to GH therapy?; OBJECTIVE: To compare the relative utility of GH secretion via pharmacological stimulation, overnight serial sampling, IGF-I levels and auxological variables as predictors of change in height standard deviation score (ΔHt SDS) during GH treatment. DESIGN: A multicentre observational study. PATIENTS: Prepubertal children (n = 825)with idiopathic growth failure who were subsequently treated with GH were divided into two groups, based on their maximum GH response to pharmacological stimulation testing: (1) idiopathic GH deficiency (IGHD), defined by a maximum GH response < 10 μg/I (n = 300); and (2) idiopathic short stature (ISS), with a maximum GH response ≥ 10 μg/I (n = 525) (GH conversion factor: 3 IU = 1 mg). MEASUREMENTS: Overnight spontaneous GH secretion was measured in all patients. The following characteristics of spontaneous GH secretion were studied: maximum or peak GH, mean peak GH, number of GH peaks, pooled GH, mean GH, and approximate entropy of GH secretion. RESULTS: Although children with IGHD had lower indices of spontaneous GH secretion, there were no differences between IGHD and ISS groups in baseline Ht SDS, growth rate or IGF-I level. The dose and duration of GH therapy were similar. There was no statistically significant difference in the mean (± SD) change in Ht SDS (ΔHt SDS) in the two groups (IGHD 1.3 ± 0.9 and ISS 1.2 ± 0.8). Measures of spontaneous secretion, such as peak GH, mean of GH peaks, mean area under GH peaks, and mean GH, as well as IGF-I concentrations, were all statistically significantly correlated with ΔHt SDS in IGHD children (P < 0.0001). A significant correlation was also observed for pooled GH (P = 0.002) and approximate entropy (P = 0.01). Children with the most severe ISS (Ht SDS < -3.33) demonstrated a more disorganized pattern of GH secretion compared to children who were not as short (Ht SDS -2.33 to -1.64), as indicated by a higher approximate entropy (0.673 ± 0.193 vs. 0.607 ± 0.161, P < 0.004). This increased disorder in GH secretion was accompanied by lower IGF-I levels (104 ± 99 μg/I vs. 137 ± 74 μg/I, P< 0.001), even though pooled GH concentrations were indistinguishable between the two groups (2.2 ± 1.3 μg/I vs. 2.0 ± 1.0 μg/I). Children with IGHD demonstrated lower approximate entropy than did those with ISS (0.551 ± 0.235 vs. 0.631 ± 0.182, P < 0.0001). Duration of GH treatment, height deficit and genetic potential (midparental Ht SDS) were the most important variables influencing ΔHt SDS in children receiving GH therapy. Maximum stimulated GH, IGF-I and indices of spontaneous GH secretion also correlated with ΔHt SDS, but their relative importance varied among diagnostic groups. CONCLUSIONS: Patients with GH deficiency demonstrate a reduced capacity for GH secretion, while those with idiopathic short stature exhibit a more disorderly and less functional secretory pattern. Although effective in predicting a response to GH treatment in patients with severe GH deficiency, overnight serial sampling is less practical than other methods currently available. In addition, serial sampling was less useful as a predictor of growth response to exogenous GH in patients with idiopathic short stature. ER  - 
Limited value of serum steroid measurements in identification of mild form of 21-hydroxylase deficiency; Background: ACTH stimulation test is widely used as a basic diagnostic method for non-classical congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH) due to 21-hydroxylase deficiency (21-OHD), However, the interpretation of this test has not been definitely established. To determine the cut-off values of basal and post-ACTH serum 17-OHP concentrations, data of patients with suspected 21-OHD has been analysed. Patients and Methods: Two hundred and eighty-seven patients with postnatal/peripubertal virilization were investigated. Serum steroid concentrations were measured by RIA, urinary steroid profile was determined by capillary gas chromatography and mutation analysis of CYP21 gene was performed by allele specific PCR. 21-OHD was diagnosed by elevated serum 17-OHP concentrations, high level of the urinary 17-OHP metabolites and/or homozygosity for CYP21 mutations. Results: Twenty-one patients of the total of 287 subjects (7.3%) were identified as having 21-OHD. The numbers of 21-OHD patients compared to total numbers of patients with different ranges of serum 17-OHP were as follows: basal values below 3.5 ng/ml (mean + 1 SD) 0/225; between 3.5-6.6 ng/ml 3/41; above 6.6 ng/ml (mean + 2 SD) 18/21. Post-ACTH values below 6.4 ng/ml (mean + 1 SD) 0/226, between 6.4-10.3 ng/ml 0/35, above 10.3 ng/ml (mean + 2 SD) 21/26. Conclusion: There are patients with inappropriate peripubertal virilization who have slightly elevated 17-OHP concentrations. In this subgroup of patients more sensitive and specific methods are needed to establish the diagnosis of 21-OHD. Therefore we suggest performing an ACTH stimulation test in patients with a morning 17-OHP level above 3.5 ng/ml. Furthermore, urinary steroid profile and/or CYP21 gene analysis are needed in patients with a stimulated 17-OHP value between 10 and 30 ng/ml. These tests will distinguish between patients with non-classical 21-OHD and patients with other disorders. ER  - 
Energy balance, body composition, and puberty in children and adolescents: Importance of ethnicity; Among children and adolescents in the United States, both obesity and type 2 diabetes are more prevalent in black and Hispanic subjects. This review summarizes research to date regarding ethnic differences in body composition, body fat distribution, metabolism, pubertal timing, and endocrine status that may contribute to observed disparities in obesity and associated diseases. Research indicates that black children and adolescents have greater bone mineral content and bone mineral density than their white, Hispanic, and Asian counterparts. Similar results have been found at and during puberty. Cross-sectional studies have yielded discrepant results regarding ethnic differences in soft tissue mass. It appears that white children have greater intra-abdominal adipose tissue than black children. Studies on differences in adiposity between black and white subjects report conflicting results. Data do indicate greater fat mass among Hispanic children and adolescents versus white and black subjects. In most studies undertaken, circulating insulin-like growth factor I levels are elevated in black versus white and Hispanic prepubertal children. However, variation in circulating insulin-like growth factor I (free or bound) does not explain ethnic differences in body composition. Insulin, particularly after a glucose challenge, is higher among black versus white subjects, and may be responsible for lower rates of lipolysis and perhaps greater adipose tissue accrual among black subjects. Limited data suggest that estradiol is higher in black versus white subjects. Numerous data indicate that resting energy expenditure is lower among black versus white subjects. Data regarding physical activity are less clear but indicate that at least some populations of black children are less physically active than white children. Whether ethnic differences in resting or physical activity-related energy expenditure contribute to differences in obesity or disease risk remains to be determined. © 2003 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc. ER  - 
Growth and morbidity in children in the Aboriginal Birth Cohort Study: The urban-remote differential; Objectives: To describe the prevalence of markers of growth, chronic and infectious disease in peripubertal Aboriginal children living in the Darwin Health Region in the "Top End" of the Northern Territory, and to compare prevalence between children living in urban and remote areas. Design: Cross-sectional survey nested in a prospective birth cohort. Subjects: 482 children living in the region who were recruited at birth (Jan 1987 to Mar 1990) and were followed up between 1998 and 2001, when aged 8-14 years. Main outcome measures: Selected parameters of growth and nutrition, infectious disease and potential markers of chronic adult disease were compared between children living at follow-up in suburban situations in Darwin-Palmerston (urban) and those living in rural communities with an Aboriginal council (remote). Results: Remote children were shorter than urban children (mean height, 141.7 v 146.3 cm; P <0.001), lighter (median weight, 30.3 v 37.1 kg; P <0.001) and had lower body mass index (median, 15.3 v 17.9 kg/m2; P <0.001) and haemoglobin level (mean, 125.1 v 130.9 g/L; P <0.001). Some potential markers of adult chronic disease were higher in urban than remote children: systolic blood pressure (mean, 109.6 v 106.2 mmHg; P = 0.004), and levels of total cholesterol (4.3 v 4.0 mmol/L; P <0.001), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (mean, 1.4 v 1.2 mmol/L; P <0.001) and insulin (median, 7 v 4 mU/L; P = 0.007). Diastolic blood pressure, levels of red cell folate, serum glucose and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and urinary albumin-creatinine ratio did not differ by location. The prevalence of visible infections was also higher in remote than urban children (P <0.05). Conclusion: As some markers of health differ between peripubertal Aboriginal children living in urban areas and those in remote areas, results of surveys in remote areas cannot be generalised to urban Aboriginal populations. ER  - 
Relationship between high plasma leptin concentrations and metabolic syndrome in obese pre-pubertal children; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the relationship between serum leptin levels and metabolic syndrome, fasting insulin level and anthropometric index in obese pre-pubertal children. DESIGN: A cross-sectional study was carried out on obese children. SUBJECTS: A study was made of 41 obese children (aged 6-9 y) and the same number of non-obese children (control group), matched by age and sex. METHODS: Body mass index (BMI), waist/hip ratio (WHR) and blood pressure were determined in each child. Serum leptin, glucose, insulin, lipid profile, sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG), plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1), tissue-plasminogen activator (t-PA) and fibrinogen were all measured. RESULTS: The serum leptin level was significantly higher in obese children (15.47 vs 4.73 ng/ml). In the obese group, leptin showed a positive correlation with BMI (P < 0.001), insulin (P < 0.001), triglycerides (P < 0.05), PAI-1 (P < 0.05) and t-PA (P < 0.05), and correlated negatively with SHBG (P < 0.01), apolipoprotein A-I (P < 0.05) and high-density lipoproteins cholesterol (HDL-C) (P < 0.05). Corrected for BMI and WHR, leptin (P partial = 0.002) is only an independent predictive factor for basal insulin. Using multivariant regression analysis, only insulin (P partial = 0.003) and BMI (P partial = 0.018) were independent predictive factors for leptin. CONCLUSION: For this age group, high leptin resistance may be another component of metabolic syndrome, and may be involved in its etiopathogenesis. The involvement of leptin in this syndrome may be indirect, modulating the insulin's action. ER  - 
Cardiovascular autonomic function in healthy adolescents; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to determine effects of age, sex, race, body mass index, and Tanner's stage on short-term evoked cardiovascular autonomic tests (ie, Valsalva ratio and change in heart rate with deep breathing) and 24-hour heart rate variability (HRV) in a sample of healthy adolescents, as well as to identify normative indices of both short-term evoked and 24-hour HRV in this age group. DESIGN: A descriptive, correlational design was used. SETTING: Study took place in a university hospital in a health science center located in the mid-South. SUBJECTS: Participants included 75 healthy adolescents: mean age was 15.0 ± 1.6 years, 14 were African American, 61 were white, 49 were girls, and 26 were boys. OUTCOME MEASURES: Study measures included the Valsalva ratio, change in heart rate with deep breathing, and 24-hour HRV with power spectral analysis with Holter monitoring. RESULTS: Major significant findings included lower values of 24-hour HRV measures for girls and African American adolescents (P <.05). Indices for normal ranges of both the short-term evoked and 24-hour HRV measures were computed with 95% confidence intervals. CONCLUSIONS: Few published studies address cardiac autonomic function, including 24-hour HRV, in adolescents. Most studies reporting actual normative control values of HRV for youth typically have not addressed sex or racial differences. Our study included the largest number of adolescents to date in the reported literature and demonstrated the importance of considering sex and race variation in interpreting test results. The availability of state-of-the-art technology for obtaining HRV data allows for the early identification of subclinical cardiac autonomic changes in youth who have predispositions for cardiac complications, such as those with diabetes, congential heart disease, or obesity. ER  - 
Wolfram (DIDMOAD) syndrome: A multidisciplinary clinical study in nine Turkish patients and review of the literature; Aim: To study Wolfram syndrome (WFS) with multidisciplinary consultations and compare the results with the literature. Methods: Nine patients fulfilled the ascertainment criteria of WFS (insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and optic atrophy). All patients were evaluated by the departments of paediatrics, ophthalmology, audiology, urology and medical biology. Results: The earliest manifestation of WFS was insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (at a median age of 6.9 y), followed by optic atrophy (8.9 y), diabetes insipidus (10.2 y) and deafness (10.5 y). Short stature was found in five cases, delayed puberty in two cases and hypergonadotropic hypogonadism in one case. Audiography disclosed hearing loss at high frequency in all patients (100%), but only five patients had clinical subjective hearing problems. Intravenous pyelography revealed hydro-ureteronephrosis in eight patients. Urodynamics revealed a normal bladder in only one patient. Three patients had a low-capacity, low-compliance bladder, detrusor external sphincteric dyssynergia and emptying problem, while five had an atonic bladder. Ocular findings were optic atrophy, low visual acuity and colour vision defects. Visual field tests revealed concentric and/or peripheral diminution in five patients. Visual evoked potentials were abnormal (reduced amplitude to both flash and pattern stimulation) in seven patients. Cranial magnetic resonance imaging showed mild or moderate atrophy of the optic nerves, chiasm, cerebellum, basal ganglia and brainstem in six patients; there was a partially empty sella in one case. There was no evidence of mitochondrial tRNALeu (UUR) A to G (nucleotide 3243) mutation. Conclusion: Wolfram syndrome should be evaluated in a multidisciplinary manner. Some specific and dynamic tests are necessary to make a more precise estimate of the prevalence and median age of the components of WFS. Short stature is a common feature in WFS. Hypogonadism may be hypogonadotropic or hypergonadotropic. Bladder dysfunction does not always present as a large atonic bladder in WFS. A low-capacity, high-pressure bladder with sphincteric dyssynergia is also common. ER  - 
Contemporary issues in primary amenorrhea; Reproductive medicine has changed dramatically since the 1981 publication of the study of patients presenting with pubertal amenorrhea. The breakdown of causes likely remains unchanged, with the four most common causes of primary amenorrhea being ovarian failure (48.5%), congenital absence of the uterus and vagina (16.2%), GnRH deficiency (8.3%), and constitutional delay of puberty (6.0%). In the study of patients reported by Reindollar, 60% of patients had barriers to reproduction [2]. Since its publication over 15 years ago, developments in assisted reproductive technologies have enabled pregnancy in many of these patients. Women with ovarian failure may gestate pregnancies from donated oocytes. Women with congenital absence of the uterus and vagina may have their fetuses carried in a surrogate uterus. During this period, the advances of molecular medicine have provided a better understanding of the etiologies of many of these disorders, including Turner's syndrome; 46,XY gonadal dysgenesis; 46,XX gonadal dysgenesis; hypogonadotropic hypogonadism; enzyme-deficient states; gonadotropin resistance; and androgen insensitivity. Contemporary issues related to these disorders involve information about molecular defects and outcome of pregnancies for patients previously considered sterile. Largely, this information has been extremely helpful and reassuring. However, the reported deaths of patients with Turner's syndrome who become pregnant by donor oocyte should remind us to proceed cautiously as new reproductive avenues are opened for these patients. ER  - 
Turner syndrome in adolescence; The management of a patient with Turner syndrome is complex and multifaceted. It is best accomplished by an interdisciplinary approach. Initial diagnosis is generally prenatal or suggested by physical characteristics. Diagnosis should include karyotype analysis and potentially a probe for Y-chromosome centromeric material to assess the risk for the development of germ cell tumors. At the time of initial diagnosis, the patient should be thoroughly investigated for associated medical conditions. Ongoing surveillance for the development of complications is of paramount importance. The interdisciplinary team should include an endocrinologist; cardiologist; nephrologist; reproductive endocrinologist; audiological physician; ear, nose and throat surgeon; plastic surgeon; dentist; and psychologist [5]. It is important to provide to girls and women with Turner syndrome, and their families, comprehensive information about the syndrome and to advise them about the availability of Turner syndrome societies that can provide information and support. ER  - 
Cardiovascular autonomic reactivity is decreased in adolescents with Type 1 diabetes; Aims: To characterize autonomic nervous system function by means of the heart rate and blood pressure responses to various stimuli in relation to pubertal maturation in patients with Type 1 diabetes mellitus (DM). Methods: One hundred out of 138 eligible patients at the Out-patient Diabetes Clinic and 100 healthy control subjects were examined in terms of cardiovascular parameters at rest, during deep breathing and when standing. Heart rate variability was analysed with time domain, frequency domain and fractal dimension parameters. Tanner pubertal staging was performed before the examinations. Results: The time domain parameters of heart rate variability at rest or during standing did not significantly differ between the patients and controls in total or at pubertal stages. In the spectral analysis of heart rate variability the very low frequency band was decreased in the patients during standing (P = 0.023). The increase in the very low frequency (P = 0.013) and low frequency (P = 0.031) spectral powers upon changing from a supine position to standing was attenuated in the patients in total, while no significant differences were observed within the Tanner pubertal stages between patients and controls. Heart rate variability during deep breathing was decreased in the patients with distal polyneuropathy (P = 0.006). Conclusions: Although cardiovascular integrity is in the main well preserved in adolescent patients with Type 1 DM, these patients are prone to attenuated autonomic nervous system reactivity. ER  - 
Increased frequency of the G972R variant of the insulin receptor substrate-1 (IRS-1) gene among girls with a history of precocious pubarche; Objective: To test the hypothesis that lower sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) concentrations are associated with heterozygosity for the G972R variant of the IRS-1 gene among adolescent girls with a history of precocious pubarche (PP) and hyperinsulinemic ovarian hyperandrogenism. Design: Association study. Setting: Academic research environment. Patient(s): Adolescent girls with a history of PP and healthy adolescent female control subjects. Intervention(s): Determine body mass index; measure serum androgen, insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-binding protein 1, lipids, IGF-1, and SHBG concentrations; perform glucose tolerance tests; and assay for G972R variant of the IRS-1 gene. Main outcome measure(s): Serum androgen, IGFBP-1, and SHBG concentrations; IRS-1 genotypes. Result(s): Twenty-five of 54 (45%) girls with a history of PP developed hyperinsulinemic ovarian hyperandrogenism at adolescence. Frequency of heterozygosity for G972 was 31% among girls with a history of PP, 40% among girls with hyperinsulinemic ovarian hyperandrogenism, and 19% among healthy control subjects. Sex hormone-binding globulin concentrations were lower among girls heterozygous for G972R variant. Predictors of progression from PP to hyperinsulinemic ovarian hyperandrogenism included chronological age, insulin, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and IGFBP-1 concentrations. Conclusion(s): The low mean SHBG concentration found among G972R carriers suggests that this variant may be a minor locus associated with development of hyperinsulinemic insulin resistance and ovarian androgen excess in girls with a history of PP. © 2002 by American Society for Reproductive Medicine. ER  - 
Precocious puberty: An endocrine manifestation on congenital toxoplasmosis; We reviewed retrospectively seven children with congenital toxoplasmosis and precocious puberty. All seven showed very high levels of LH (25.2-155.0 IU/ml) and FSH (7.1-38.2) upon stimulation with GnRH. Three of them showed low GH response to an insulin tolerance test. All the children had severe mental retardation. We emphasize that children with congenital toxoplasmosis should have their hypothalamopituitary function evaluated even in subclinical situations that could be responsible for endocrinological disturbances such as precocious puberty. ER  - 
Linear growth and height outcomes in children with early onset type 1 diabetes mellitus - A 10-yr longitudinal study; Objective: To assess the linear growth and height outcomes and the influence of metabolic control on the near-final height in children with early onset type 1 diabetes mellitus (DM). Study Design and Methods: Retrospective longitudinal evaluation of 99 children with prepubertal onset of type 1 DM before 8 yr of age, who were regularly assessed, clinically and metabolically, from 8yr of age to 17.99yr of age. Results: The mean prepubertal height Z scores at 8yr of age were -0.17 (standard deviation, SD = 0.99) for boys and -0.29 (1.19) for girls, respectively. There was normal linear growth in girls with their mean near-final height Z score being -0.13 (1.07). This was not statistically different from the mean at 8yr (p = 0.13). The mean near-final height Z score in boys was -0.39 (0.98), which was 0.22 SD lower than their mean prepubertal height Z score (p = 0.03). There was no significant correlation between metabolic control and linear growth in either males or females. Conclusions: Linear growth and near-final height in children with type 1 DM compares favorably with the general population. Although there was some evidence of suboptimal peripubertal growth in boys, the actual extent of this height reduction was minimal and was not correlated with their metabolic control. ER  - 
The incidence of type 1 diabetes mellitus in Greek-Cypriot children and adolescents in 1990-2000; Objectives: To ascertain the exact incidence of type 1 diabetes mellitus (DM1) in Greek-Cypriots under the age of 15yr, to analyze possible gender differences in the age of onset and to observe any seasonal variation in the manifestation of the disease. Research design and methods: All cases of newly diagnosed DM1 patients under the age of 15yr from 1990 to 2000 were collected and relevant information was obtained. The data were statistically processed in relation to the population data provided by the Department of Statistics and Research of the Ministry of Finance. Results: The mean annual incidence of DM1 in the Greek population of Cyprus under the age of 15yr for the period 1990-2000 is 11.32/100 000. There is a trend towards increasing incidence during this period. There is a gender influence on the age of onset: more males develop DM1 before the age of 6 yr and after 13 yr. Moreover, there is a gender difference in the group who manifest DM1 in the age range 5-9yr, with females having a mean age of onset of 8.1 yr, compared with 7.3 yr for males. There is a statistically significant seasonal variation, but not among preschool subjects who manifest DM1 before the age of 4yr. Conclusions: DM1 is a common condition in Greek-Cypriots under the age of 15yr. The gender difference in the age of onset probably reflects the peripubertal period of each gender. The seasonal variation cannot be solely attributed to weather and temperature changes. This survey covers a 10-yr period and deals with an adequate number of reported cases; therefore, it could contribute to the international effort to determine the exact pathogenesis of DM1. ER  - 
A mathematical model for pattern of change in β-cell reserve and factors affecting residual reserve within the first 2 years of Type 1 diabetes; The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of age, duration of diabetes, sex and ICA (Islet cell cytoplasmic antibody) on β-cell reserves and to develop a model within the first 2 years of Type 1 diabetes. Beta-cell reserve is evaluated as fasting (FCp) and 1 mg IV glucagon stimulated C-peptide (SCp) levels in 58 Type 1 diabetics and in 12 normoglycemic subjects. Patients were divided into 3 groups according to duration of diabetes: Group I (2.5±0.3 weeks), Group II (13.4±1.2 months) and Group III (24.2±1.8 months). FCp/SCp level in nmol/l (mean±SE) were as follows. Group I: 0.21±0.02/0.38±0.04, Group II: 0.15±0.01/0.27±0.02, Group III: 0.07±0.01/0.11±0.02, Control group: 0.42±0.09/1.29±0.13. The scatter plots of C-peptide levels vs time in all the diabetic patients fitted in to a 4th-order polynomial regression (R: 0.96-0.98). Age was strongly correlated with FCp (rs: 0.46, p<0.05) and ICA positivity affected Cp-levels negatively (p>0.05). In conclusion, as the duration of diabetes increases, response time to glucagon prolongs and amplitude of it shortens. Duration of diabetes of less than 2 weeks, feminity, puberty and ICA positivity affect β-cell reserve negatively, conversely, masculinity, post-puberty, older age and ICA negativity affect the reserve positively. The dynamics of C-peptide response to glucagon follow a mathematical model and Type 1 diabetes causes a decrease not only in the amplitude of the response but also in the duration of the response. ©2002, Editrice Kurtis. ER  - 
Relationship between the GH/IGF-I axis, insulin sensitivity, and adrenal androgens in normal prepubertal and pubertal boys; In girls, but not in boys, pronounced adrenarche and precocious pubarche along with ovarian hyperandrogenism have been related to insulin resistance and reduced fetal growth. However, insulin secretion is increased during puberty in normal boys. The aim of this study was to analyze the possible implication of changes in the GH/IGF-I axis and in insulin sensitivity for the regulation of adrenal androgen secretion of normal prepubertal and adolescent boys. Fifty-six normal boys were divided into the following groups (Gr): Gr1, prepuberty (testicular volume, <4 cc; n = 33); and Gr3, puberty (testicular volume, 4-25 cc; n = 23). Gr1 was subdivided according to age into: Gr1A, early prepuberty (boys younger than 5.9 yr old; n = 16); and Gr1B, late prepuberty (prepubertal boys, 5.9 yr old or older; n = 17). Gr3 was subdivided according to testicular volume into: Gr3A, early puberty (testicular volume, 4-8 cc; n = 13); and Gr3B, late puberty (testicular volume, 10-25 cc; n = 10). To study hormonal changes during the transition between prepuberty and puberty, an additional group, Gr2 (n = 30), was defined by mixing Gr1B and Gr3A. Serum dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHEAS), androstenedione (Δ4A), insulin, IGF-I, and glucose were determined after overnight fasting. Insulin sensitivity was estimated by the fasting glucose/insulin (G/I) ratio. There was a close correlation between fasting G/I ratio and QUICKI, a quantitative insulin sensitivity check index. Mean values for Gr1 and Gr3 as well as their subgroups were compared using t test. In Gr1, the mean fasting G/I ratio was significantly higher, and the mean serum IGF-I, serum DHEAS, and serum Δ4A levels were significantly lower than in Gr3 (P < 0.001). Mean fasting G/I ratios in Gr1A and Gr3A were not significantly different from those in Gr1B and Gr3B, respectively, but the fasting G/I ratio in Gr3A was significantly lower than that in Gr1B (P < 0006). Moreover, body mass index (BMI) in Gr3A was significantly higher than that in Gr1B (P < 0.01). On the other hand, mean serum IGF-I levels in Gr1A and Gr3A were significantly lower than those in Gr1B and Gr3B, respectively (P < 0.0001). The mean serum DHEAS level in Gr1A was significantly lower than that in Gr1B (P < 0.01), but no difference was found between Gr3A and Gr3B. The mean serum Δ4A in Gr1A was similar to that in Gr1B, but the mean serum Δ4A in Gr3A was significantly lower than that in Gr3B (P = 0.0001). Correlation studies within Gr1, Gr2, and Gr3 were also carried out. There was a significant positive correlation between serum DHEAS and age in Gr1 and Gr2, but not in Gr3. In Gr1, no significant correlation was found between serum DHEAS and fasting G/I ratio or between serum DHEAS and serum IGF-I, suggesting that adrenal steroidogenesis in male prepuberty is independent of insulin sensitivity or peripheral IGF-I. In Gr2, a significant negative correlation (P = 0.01) between serum DHEAS and the fasting G/I ratio was found, but not between serum DHEAS and serum IGF-I. Furthermore, a significant negative correlation between BMI and the fasting G/I ratio was also found. Therefore, changes in insulin sensitivity might be involved in adrenal androgen synthesis during the transition from prepuberty to puberty. Finally, in Gr3, DHEAS was not significantly correlated with the fasting G/I ratio or serum IGF-I. A significant negative correlation between serum Δ4A and the fasting G/I ratio was found in Gr2. In Gr2, but not in Gr3, there was a significant negative correlation between the fasting G/I ratio and age (P = 0.03) and between the fasting G/I ratio and serum IGF-I (P = 0.03). In conclusion, our data support the hypothesis that the GH/IGF-I axis and insulin sensitivity are not involved in the mechanism of adrenarche in boys. Insulin sensitivity and BMI, however, decrease at early puberty rather than at late puberty, and this change could be involved in modulating adrenal androgen steroidogenesis during the transition between late prepuberty and early puberty. ER  - 
Serum angiogenin concentrations in young patients with diabetes mellitus; Background: Angiogenin serum levels were measured in a large group of type 1 diabetic young patients, looking at whether increased Angiogenin concentrations are associated with long-term glycemic control and microvascular complications. Materials and methods: Four groups of patients were compared to 223 age- and sex-matched healthy controls: 196 type 1 diabetic patients (age range 3-24 years, onset of diabetes before the age of 12 years; duration of disease longer than 2 years), without microvascular complications were divided into three groups on the basis of age (group 1, n = 37, age < 6 years; group 2, n = 71, age 6-12 years; group 3, n = 88, age > 12 years); 53 adolescents and young adults (age 16.1-29.7 years) with diabetic microvascular complications (background, preproliferative or proliferative retinopathy, albumin excretion rate 20-200 μg min-1) (group 4). Results: Angiogenin serum levels were significantly increased in diabetic pre-school and pre-pubertal children, and particularly elevated in pubertal subjects compared with age- and sex-matched controls. Adolescents and young adults with microvascular complications had very high angiogenin concentrations. One-year mean HbA1c values were correlated with angiogenin levels (r= 0.389; P < 0.01). In poorly controlled diabetics (HbA1c > 10%), long-term (2 years) improvement of glycemic control determined a significant reduction of angiogenin concentrations in both pre-school and pre-pubertal children as well as in pubertal youngsters. Conclusions: Angiogenin serum concentrations are increased in diabetic children even before puberty. Severity of microvascular complications is associated with markedly increased angiogenin serum levels. Long-term tight glycemic control determines a consistent reduction of angiogenin concentrations. ER  - 
Psychological aspects of type 1 diabetes mellitus in adolescents; Type 1 diabetes mellitus increases emotional difficulties existing in puberty. The goal of this study was to esteem the main psychological problems in diabetes from adolescent's own perspective. 68 adolescents (31 girls and 37 boys), aged 15-21 years, diabetes duration 7.5±4.6 were enrolled into the study. 46 were treated with intensive insulin therapy (4 or more injections daily), 22 - with insulin injected three times per day Patients' psychological reactions were analysed using questionnaires to determine their personal adjustment and coping strategies. They also ranged their problems with diabetes using the 100 score scale and selected main anxiety reasons from presented inventory. Results: Fear of the future diabetic complications was the chief reason of anxiety in diabetic teenagers. It correlated with the time spent by them on treatment procedures. Diet restrictions patients ranked second (independently from treatment method) and anxiety about general health condition ranked third. Other adolescents problems about diabetes were: fear of hypo- and hyperglycaemia, fear of possible hospitalisation, of injecting, of restriction in the social life and follow-up visits. ER  - 
Growth and puberty and its management in Thalassaemia; The purpose of this review is to report the personal experience on growth and pubertal development in a large number of thalassaemic and ex-thalassaemic patients followed at the Pediatric and Adolescent Unit of Ferrara. Secondary amenorrhoea (SA), hypogonadism and short stature are the commonest endocrine and auxological complications. The anterior pituitary gland is particularly sensitive to free radical oxidative stresses and exposure to this. Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) shows that even a modest amount of iron deposition within the anterior pituitary can interfere with its function. Other possible cause of hypogonadism in β-thalassaemia major include liver disorders, chronic hypoxia, diabetes mellitus and zinc deficiency. The treatment of pubertal disorders consists of hormone replacement therapy with sex steroids. Successful induction of spermatogenesis and ovulation has been reported after hormonal stimulation with gonadotrophins. Height above the 10th centile was achieved in 50% of males and 64% of females. Eight prepubertal thalassaemic patients, 6 males and 2 females, ranging in age from 8.6 to 11.7 years, were treated with GH. After the first 12 months of GH treatment a significant increase of growth velocity was observed in 6 patients who doubled growth velocity before basal value (4 cm or more above the basal value), 2 patients had a partial response (2-4 cm above the basal value). In the following 3 years all thalassaemic patients had a partial response to the treatment with GH. These data indicate that despite somewhat reduced sensitivity to GH, compared to GH deficiency children, there is evidence indicating that thalassaemic patients may benefit from GH treatment. Sixty-eight thalassaemic patients (30 males and 38 females) who had successfully undergone bone marrow transplantation (BMT) during childhood were studied. Following BMT growth rate decelerated when compared to Tanner and Whitehouse standards. Twenty-nine ex-thalassaemics reached final height. The patterns of growth during puberty was variable in ex-thalassaemic males, while in all but 3 ex-thalassaemic females we observed an improvement in the percentile of standing height. A gonadal dysfunction was found in 68% of ex-thalassaemic patients. Since the quality of life of these patients is an important aim, it is vital to monitor carefully the growth and pubertal development in order to detect abnormalities and to initiate appropriate and early treatment. Copyright © 2002 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Adult height after GH therapy in 188 Ullrich-Turner syndrome patients: Results of the German IGLU follow-up study 2001; Objectives: We aimed to evaluate the factors influencing true adult height (HT) after long-term (from 1987 to 2000) GH treatment in Design: Out of 347 near-adult (> 16 years) patients from 96 German centres, whose longitudinal growth was documented within KIGS (Pharmacia International Growth Database), 188 (45, × = 59%; bone age > 15 years) were available for further anthropometric measurements. Results: At a median GH dose of 0.88 (10th/90th percentiles: 0.47/1.06) IU/kg per week, a gain of 6.0 (- 1.3/+13) can above the projected adult height was recorded. Variables were recorded at GH start, after 1 year GH, puberty onset, and last visit on GH therapy. At these visits, the median ages were 11.7, 12.7, 14.2, 16.6 and 18.7 years; and median heights, 0.4, 1.1, 1.7, 1.7 and 1.3 SDS (UTS) respectively. Height gain (ΔHT) after GH discontinuation was 1.5 cm. Total ΔHT correlated (P < 0.001) negatively with bone age and HT SDS at GH start, but positively with ΔHT after the first year, ΔHT at puberty onset, and GH duration. Final HT correlated (P < 0.001) positively with HT at GH start, first-year ΔHT, and HT at puberty onset. Body mass index increased slightly (P < 0.05), with values at start and adult follow-up correlating highly (R = 0.70, P < 0.001). No major side effects of GH occurred. Conclusions: GH dosages conceived in the 1980s are safe but too low for most UTS patients. HT gain and height we determined by age and HT at GH start. Height gain during the first year on GH is indicative of overall height gain. After spontaneous or induced puberty, little gain in height occurs. ER  - 
Cardiovascular and diabetes mortality determined by nutrition during parents' and grandparents' slow growth period; Overfeeding and overeating in families are traditions that are often transferred from generation to generation. Irrespective of these family traditions, food availability might lead to overfeeding, in its turn leading to metabolic adaptations. Apart from selection, could these adaptations to the social environment have transgenerational effects? This study will attempt to answer the following question: Can overeating during a child's slow growth period (SGP), before their prepubertal peak in growth velocity influence descendants' risk of death from cardiovascular disease and diabetes? Data were collected by following three cohorts born in 1890, 1905 and 1920 in Överkalix parish in northern Sweden up until death or 1995. The parents' or grandparents' access to food during their SGP was determined by referring to historical data on harvests and food prices, records of local community meetings and general historical facts. If food was not readily available during the father's slow growth period, then cardiovascular disease mortality of the proband was low. Diabetes mortality increased if the paternal grandfather was exposed to a surfeit of food during his slow growth period. (Odds Ratio 4.1, 95% confidence interval 1.33 - 12.93, P = 0.01). Selection bias seemed to be unlikely. A nutrition-linked mechanism through the male line seems to have influenced the risk for cardiovascular and diabetes mellitus mortality. ER  - 
Analysis of epidemiologic risk factors for endometrial cancer; The aim of this study was an analyse of several risk factors for women with endometrial cancer and their influence on overall survival. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A retrospective analysis covered 160 women treated with the primary surgery and adjuvant radiotherapy because of endometrial cancer. Age, lifestyle, age of menarche and menopause, parity, body size, hypertension and diabetes mellitus were determined. RESULTS: The 5-year survival rate were: 87% for the women younger then 60 and 70% for the older ones (p = 0.0026), 81% for the city women and 73% for the country women (p = 0.2034), 91% for the educated women and 70% for the women with elementary education (p = 0.0102), 85% for 1-2 x parous women and 65% for nulliparous (p = 0.0433), 79% for women without miscarriage and 63% for women with 2 or more miscarriages (p = 0.3265), 82% for women with menarche above age of 15 and 66% with menarche under age of 13 (p = 0.1989), 82% for women without obesity, diabetes, hypertension and 72% for women with hypertension, 64% with obesity, 50% for women with all analysed diseases (p = 0.0104). CONCLUSION: An analyse show that age, lifestyle, parity, body size and hypertension modify the overall survival of women with endometrial cancer. ER  - 
Fasting levels of serum glucose, cholesterol and triglyceride at age eleven to twelve years in stunted and non-stunted Jamaican children; Aim: To determine whether fasting serum concentrations of glucose, cholesterol and triglyceride at age 11-12 y (a) differed between children stunted in early childhood and those who were never stunted, (b) were related to birthweight or current anthropometry and (c) were related to stunting after controlling for current size. Methods: Anthropometry, serum glucose and lipid concentrations were measured in 112 children stunted in early childhood and 181 non-stunted children. Results: Children who were stunted in infancy remained shorter, weighed less and were significantly less fat than non-stunted children but had a more central distribution of fat. They were also less likely to have entered puberty. Non-stunted children had higher fasting serum triglyceride concentrations than stunted children (p < 0.05). There were no significant correlations between birthweight and fasting glucose or any measure of serum lipids. The percentage of variance in biochemical measures explained by anthropometry was low: between 2.1 for HDL cholesterol and 14.6 for triglyceride. Nutritional status in early childhood (stunted or non-stunted) made no additional contribution to the variance. Conclusions: Linear growth retardation in early childhood was not independently related to fasting serum concentrations of glucose, cholesterol and triglyceride at age 11-12 y. However, despite being thinner, stunted children had a more central distribution of fat. ER  - 
Lifetime estrogen exposure versus age at menopause as mortality predictor; Objectives: The aim of this study was to evaluate the relation between lifetime estrogen exposure and mortality and compare this with menopausal age as exposure variable. Methods: We studied a cohort of 1462 naturally postmenopausal women, aged 37-77 at enrolment in the Belgian Interuniversity Research on Nutrition and Health study. After a follow-up time of 10 years, 181 women had died, of whom 76 of cardiovascular causes. Logistic regression analysis was used to investigate the relations between lifetime estrogen exposure (calculated as menopausal age minus menarcheal age) and death as well as the relations between age at menopause and death. Results: The risk of mortality was lower in women with a longer lifetime estrogen exposure as well as in women with higher menopausal ages. For women with a lifetime estrogen exposure of ≥40 years the odds ratio of all-cause mortality was 0.58 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.35-0.93) compared to women who had a lifetime estrogen exposure of ≤33 years. Women who became menopausal after the age of 53 years had a similar reduction in mortality risk (odds ratio 0.62; 95% CI 0.36-1.03) when compared to women with menopausal ages of ≤46 years. These decreases in mortality risk were particularly due to a reduction in mortality of cardiovascular diseases. Conclusions: This study indicates that menopausal age predicts mortality. The prediction is not improved by adding the age at menarche, to obtain an estimate for lifetime estrogen exposure. © 2002 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Impact of obesity on glucose and lipid profiles in adolescents atdifferentage groups in relation to adulthood; Background: As obesity is rapidly becoming a major medical and public health problem, the aim of our study was to determine: 1) if obesity in Caucasian adolescents at 5 different Tanner stages are associated with obesity in adulthood and its obesity-associated abnormal glucose and lipid profiles, 2) the type of fat distribution is associated with glucose and lipid profile abnormalities, and 3) the risk level and the age of appearance of these abnormalities. Methods: For the first study, data analyses were from a case-control study of adolescents classified according to their BMI; a BMI ≥ 85th percentile for age and sex as overweight, and those with a BMI ≥ 95th percentile as obese. Subjects with a BMI < 85 th percentile were classified as controls. WC:AC ratio of waist circumference to arm circumference was used as an indicator of a central pattern of adiposity. Two other indices of central adiposity were calculated from skinfolds: Central-peripheral (CPR) as subscapular skinfold + suprailliac skinfold)/(triceps skinfold + thigh skinfold) and ratio of subscapular to triceps skinfold (STR). The sum of the four skinfolds (SUM) was calculated from triceps, subscapular, suprailliac and thigh skinfolds. SUM provides a single measure of subcutaneous adiposity. Representative adult subjects were used for comparison. Glucose and lipid profiles were also determined in these subjects. Abnormal glucose and lipid profiles were determined as being those with fasting glucose ≥ 6.1 mmol/l and lipid values ≥ 85th percentile adjusted for age and sex, respectively. Prevalence and odds ratio analysis were used to determine the impact of obesity on glucose and lipid profiles at each Tanner stages for both sexes. Correlation coefficient analyses were used to determine the association between glucose and lipid profiles and anthropometric measurements for both sexes. The second study evaluated in a retrospective-prospective longitudinal way if: 1) obesity in adolescence is associated with obesity in adulthood and 2) the nature of obesity-associated risk factors. Incidence and odds ratio analysis were used to determine the impact of obesity on glucose and lipid profiles at 7 different age groups from 9 to 38 years old in both sexes between 1974 to 2000. Results: Overall, glucose and lipid profiles were significantly (P < 0.01) associated with all anthropometric measurements either in male and female adolescents. WC:AC, CPR, STR and SUM are stronger predictors of both glucose and lipid profiles than BMI. Obese and overweight adolescents of Tanner stages III and higher are at increased risk of having an impaired glucose and lipid profiles than normal subjects with odds ratios of 5.9 and higher. Obesity in adolescents of 13-15 years old group is significantly (P < 0.01) associated with obesity in adulthood (with odds ratios of at least 12 for both men and women) and abnormal glucose (odds ratio of ≥ 8.6) and lipid profiles (odds ratio of ≥ 11.4). Conclusions: This study confirmed that adolescents aged between 13 and 15 years old of both sexes with a BMI ≥ 85th percentile are at increased risk of becoming overweight or obese adults and presenting abnormal glucose and lipid profiles as adults. This emphasizes the importance of early detection and intervention directed at treatment of obesity to avert the long-term consequences of obesity on the development of cardiovascular diseases. ER  - 
Molecular defects of the CYP21 gene in Spanish girls with isolated precocious pubarche; Objective: To determine the frequency of mutant alleles in the CYP21 gene in Spanish girls presenting with precocious pubarche (PP) and to assess the relationships between genotype and endocrine-metabolic variables. Design: Fifty-three unrelated girls with a history of PP (14 prepubertal, 8 pubertal and 31 post-menarcheal) and 35 controls were studied. Methods: Genomic DNA was extracted from peripheral blood leukocytes. After selection against the pseudogen, an allele-specific PCR was used to identify 14 known mutations in the CYP21 gene. The mutations studied were Pro30Leu, splice intron 2, Ilel72Asn, Cluster E6, Glyl92Ser, Ins T, GT-CT, Gln318-stop, Arg357Trp, Trp406-stop, Pro453Ser, Arg483Pro, Arg483 frameshift and Val281Leu. A standard 2-h oral glucose tolerance test was performed in all PP girls. Ovarian 17-hydroxyprogesterone (17-OHP) responses to gonadotrophin-releasing hormone-agonist stimulation was assessed in postmenarcheal PP girls. Results: Thirteen PP girls and eight control girls were heterozygous for one of the mutations studied. The frequency of the carrier status was 25% and 23% in the PP and control groups respectively. Severe mutations were found in 33% of the carrier girls. Serum 17-OHP responses to ACTH stimulation were similar in carriers and non-carriers (351±65 vs 334±22 ng/dl). The presence of ovarian hyperandrogenism and/or hyperinsulinism was also not related to the carrier status. Conclusion: The incidence of molecular defects in the CYP21 gene in the present study was comparable in the PP and control groups. We found no relationship between the presence of carrier status and endocrine-metabolic abnormalities. Prospective studies of larger cohorts of PP girls are needed to ascertain the long-term clinical relevance of CYP21 heterozygosity. ER  - 
Eating disorders in young women with type 1 diabetes mellitus; Research findings from the past decade regarding the association of type 1 diabetes mellitus and eating disorders are critically reviewed in this paper. Although there has been much debate regarding the specificity of this association, a recent large multisite case-controlled study demonstrated that the prevalence rates of both full syndrome and subthreshold eating disorders among adolescent and young adult women with diabetes are twice as high as in their nondiabetic peers. Further, a 4-year follow-up study showed that disordered eating behavior in young women with diabetes often persists and is associated with a threefold increase in the risk of diabetic retinopathy. These eating disturbances tend to be associated with impaired family functioning and with poor diabetes management. Health care professionals should maintain a high index of suspicion for the presence of an eating disturbance among young women with diabetes, particularly among those with persistently poor metabolic control and/or weight and shape concerns. Screening for such disturbances should begin during the prepubertal period among girls with diabetes. A brief psychoeducational intervention leads to a reduction in disturbed eating attitudes and behavior but is not sufficient to improve metabolic control. More intensive treatment approaches, which should include a family-based component, may be needed to improve metabolic control. The evaluation of these and other treatment approaches is indicated in view of the serious short- and long-term health risks associated with eating disorders in young women with diabetes. © 2002 Elsevier Science Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Effect of changes in fat distribution on the rates of change of insulin response in children.; OBJECTIVE: To develop mixed models for examining longitudinal associations between rates of change in visceral, subcutaneous abdominal, and total body fat with rates of change in fasting insulin (FI) and insulin sensitivity (SI) over 3 years in children. RESEARCH METHODS AND PROCEDURES: Seventy-seven children (mean age, 8.3 years at baseline) from Birmingham, Alabama, with three or more annual measures of FI and SI were included. Abdominal fat was measured by computed tomography, and total body fat and lean tissue mass were measured by DXA. Mixed models examined the longitudinal associations between the baseline level/rate of change of different fat compartments and the rate of change in FI or SI. RESULTS: An annual increase of approximately 5% in FI was associated with 1 cm(2)/yr of visceral fat gain per year (p < 0.05), independent of subcutaneous abdominal fat. A 1-cm(2) difference in initial subcutaneous abdominal fat was associated with an approximately 0.2% increase per year in FI (p < 0.02), independent of visceral fat. None of the rates of change in any of the fat measures was associated with the rate of change of SI. DISCUSSION: The rate of change in visceral fat was positively associated with the rate of change in FI, independent of increasing subcutaneous abdominal fat; however, subcutaneous abdominal fat may be more predictive of the rate of change of FI than visceral or total fat. Therefore, growth-related increases in abdominal fat, particularly subcutaneous abdominal fat, may contribute to accelerating increases in FI, but have no effect on SI. ER  - 
Insulin resistance during puberty and future fat accumulation; Insulin resistance is a known sequela of obesity; however, the relationship of insulin resistance to future weight gain remains unclear. In several studies, insulin resistance has been associated with weight stabilization. For the most part, this relationship has been found in adults who are overweight. To evaluate the relationship of insulin resistance to future fat accumulation in pubertal children, a 3-yr prospective study was carried out. Insulin sensitivity (Si) was determined by Bergman's minimal model in 111 healthy children, aged 9.7-14.5 yr. All children were Tanner stage II or III pubertal development at baseline. Body composition was assessed by body mass index, skinfold thickness, hydrodensitometry, and bioelectric impedance analysis at baseline and annually thereafter for an additional 3 yr. A repeated-measures analysis showed that the change in percentage body fat estimated increasing Si (P < 0.0001). Si was divided into tertiles for each gender, with the lowest tertile representing the most insulin-resistant children. For girls, those in the lowest tertile maintained their %BF(SF) over 3 yr, whereas those girls in the middle and upper tertile had an increase in their %BF(SF). For boys, those in the lowest tertile showed a decrease in their %BF(SF), whereas those boys in the middle and upper tertile maintained their %BF(SF). These results suggest that during puberty, children who are more insulin resistant have decreased sc fat gain. ER  - 
Comparison between β-cell function and insulin resistance indexes in prepubertal and pubertal obese children; Several methods have been developed to assess insulin resistance (IR), insulin secretion, and sensitivity: some of them, such as the homeostasis model assessment (HOMA) for IR (HOMA IR) and for insulin secretion (HOMA β cell) and the quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI) are based on fasting levels of glucose (fasting G) and insulin (fasting I); others, such as the pancreatic insulin response to glucose (IRG) and the insulin sensitivity index (ISI) are derived from the glycemic and insulinemic responses to the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). The aim of the study was to compare these indexes in a large group of prepubertal and pubertal obese subjects and verify whether the data from fasting samples were enough for evaluating IR and insulin secretion or if OGTT was mandatory. A total of 405 obese subjects (221 boys and 184 girls) was studied. Ninety-three were prepubertal (Tanner stage I), 98 early pubertal (stage II to III) and 214 late pubertal (stage IV to V). In each subject, a 120-minute OGTT was performed, and the glycemic (mean blood glucose [MBG]) and insulinemic (mean serum insulin [MSI]) responses, expressed as AUC/120, as well as IRG and ISI were calculated. The fasting I/fasting G ratio (FIGR), HOMA IR, HOMA β cell, and QUICKI were then measured. FIGR and HOMA IR increased in both sexes during puberty, but in girls, the increase was already evident from stage I to stage II to III, while in boys, it was evident only from stage II to III to stage IV to V. QUICKI decreased in girls at the onset of puberty and was lower than in boys in stage II to III; on the other hand, HOMA β cell did not show any variation. IRG increased throughout puberty, although it was higher in boys than in girls in stages II to III and IV to V, while ISI decreased at the onset of puberty in boys; HOMA IR correlated with MSI and IRG, and HOMA β cell with MSI in pubertal subjects only. In conclusion, the indexes deriving from fasting samples, such as FIGR and HOMA IR, proved to be enough for evaluating IR in prepubertal and pubertal obese subjects, as did QUICKI for insulin sensitivity, However, OGTT is still useful for assessing insulin secretion, because IRG is more sensitive in depicting the pubertal variations of IR than HOMA β cell. Copyright 2002, Elsevier Science (USA). All rights reserved. ER  - 
Albuminuria in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus; Diabetic nephropathy is one of the most serious microvascular complications and a leading cause of end-stage renal failure in type 1 diabetic patients. Microalbuminuria may precede the development of overt proteinuria by over a 5-10 year period. The monitoring of albuminuria should be an integral part of the diagnostic management in diabetic patients. The aim of the study was to investigate the rate of albuminuria in type 1 diabetic children and adolescents. Microalbuminuria was found in 33 (8,4%) out of 391 patients. In next 30 individuals (7,7%) the rate of albuminuria was 15-19,9 μg/min. Statistically significant correlation between microalbuminuria and duration of diabetes, metabolic control, pubertal stage, and lipid abnormalities was found. ER  - 
Morbidity and mortality patterns of thalassaemia major patients in Hong Kong: Retrospective study; Objectives. To study the morbidity and mortality patterns of transfusion-dependent thalassaemia major patients in Hong Kong, and compare the outcomes of these patients according to different periods of birth. Design. Retrospective study. Setting. Paediatric departments of three regional hospitals, Hong Kong. Subjects and methods. Medical records of thalassaemia major patients were reviewed. Data gathered included demographic and survival data, complications of iron overload, repeated transfusion, and bone marrow transplantation; the probability of survival of three cohorts was also estimated. Results. Two hundred and thirty-two patients were studied at a median age of 15.5 years (range, 1.4-30.3 years). There were 60 patients bom before 1980 (cohort 1), 117 patients born between 1980 and 1989 (cohort 2), and 55 patients born after 1989 (cohort 3). The median age of starting desferrioxamine was 8 years, 4 years, and 3 years for cohorts 1, 2, and 3, respectively. Cardiomyopathy, diabetes mellitus, and hypothyroidism occurred in 15.1%, 8.6%, and 6.9% of patients with thalassaemia major, respectively. The above complications developed in 5% to 12% of cohort 2 patients. Delayed puberty was present in 38.4% and hormonal replacement for gonadal failure was required in 29.7% of evaluable patients. Short stature was common and the median height standard deviation score was -1.63. Twenty patients had died, and cardiomyopathy was the leading cause of death, followed by complications of bone marrow transplantation. The probability of survival beyond the age of 20 years was 87.6%. Conclusion. Despite the use of iron chelation in the past two decades, severe complications of iron overload still occurred even in those who started chelation therapy early. Cardiomyopathy was the leading cause of death, while endocrinopathies and short stature were common complications especially in teenagers and adults. ER  - 
Association of waist circumference and body mass index with fasting blood insulin in severely obese children: A cross-sectional study; We tested whether body mass index (BMI) and waist circumference (WC) are associated with fasting insulin in severely obese children. A number of 391 (204 female and 187 male) obese children were consecutively enrolled in the study at a Paediatric outpatient clinic. They were aged 10±3 yr (mean±SD; range: 3-17 yr) and had a relative weight for age of 160±27% (mean±SD). BMI and WC explained respectively 9 and 13% of the variance of log-transformed (lt) insulin (p<0.0001 for both). After correction for age, however, BMI lost its association with lt-insulin (p=NS) and WC explained only 3% (p<0.001) of lt-insulin variance. Sex and pubertal status did not influence the relationship between WC, BMI and lt-insulin (p=NS, ANCOVA). We conclude that in severely obese children: 1) WC is a marginally better predictor of fasting blood insulin than BMI, 2) age has a substantial influence on the relationship between BMI, WC and insulin and, 3) the contribution of BMI and WC to insulin is of doubtful clinical relevance because it leaves a substantial portion (≥87%) of lt-insulin variance unexplained. ER  - 
Growth and pubertal development in internationally adopted children; International adoptions are becoming a growing option for families in the United States. The children arriving often come from inadequately funded state-run institutions generally lacking in the basics of human life. This places the children at risk for a wide variety of medical, psychologic and developmental abnormalities. One of the most consistent findings on arrival is short stature. The etiology of this "institutional short stature" is unknown and likely multifactorial. Fortunately most children, soon after arrival, experience catch-up in growth, making early evaluation of their stunting generally unnecessary. Final height gains may however, be limited because of a risk of early and rapidly progressing puberty. Further studies are needed to understand the etiology of both the growth changes and early puberty, as more physicians become involved in the care of these unique children. © 2002 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc. ER  - 
Lack of physiological suppression of circulating IGFBP-1 in puberty in patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus; Objective: To evaluate the interaction between serum free insulin, insulin-like binding protein (IGFBP)-1 and leptin concentrations during puberty in insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM). Design: Adolescent patients with IDDM (n = 101, age > 9 years, duration > 2 years) from the Outpatient Clinic of the Department of Pediatrics at Oulu University Hospital, and non-diabetic controls, were recruited to the study. Free insulin, IGFBP-1, leptin and insulin antibody concentrations were measured from a fasting serum sample. Results: Free insulin concentrations were lower in the patients than in the controls (4.3±2.3 mU/I compared with 6.5 ± 3.1 mU/1, P < 0.001), and there was an inverse correlation between free insulin and fasting blood glucose in the boys with diabetes (r = -0.53, P < 0.001), whereas a positive correlation was observed between free insulin and leptin concentrations in the girls with diabetes (r = 0.30, P = 0.020). The IGFBP-1 concentrations were greater in the patients than in the controls (16.5±10.6 μg/I compared with 4.0±4-3.3, P < 0.001), and they correlated significantly with blood glucose (r = 0.63, P < 0.001) and free insulin (r = -0.35, P <0.001). No significant difference was observed in the leptin concentrations between the patients and controls overall, despite greater total body fat in the girls with diabetes compared with the control girls. Conclusions: Adolescents with IDDM are characterised by morning hypoinsulinaemia and high circulating IGFBP-1 concentrations, which may contribute to insulin resistance and impaired metabolic control during puberty. The mechanism behind the increased total body fat in the postpubertal female patients remains to be determined. ER  - 
Linear growth of prepubertal asthmatic Thai children receiving long-term inhaled corticosteroids; Background: Long-term inhaled corticosteroids are recommended in persistent asthma in children. The aim of this study was to determine the growth rate of asthmatic Thai children who received long-term inhaled corticosteroids. Method: This controlled clinical trial was carried out on 145 prepubertal asthmatic Thai children, 81 in the study group (the group who received long-term inhaled corticosteroids) and 64 in the control group. Results: The mean age of the patients when the study began was 5.9 years in the study group and 4.7 years in the control group. The average dose of inhaled corticosteroids used was 300 μg/day. The average duration overtime of inhaled corticosteroid usage was 2 years (9 months - 5 years). The study showed that inhaled corticosteroids (300 gg/day for 9-60 months) have no significant effects on growth rate. From linear regression analysis, the factors that influenced the growth rate of asthmatic patients were the severity of the asthma and the age of the patients when nasal corticosteroids were started. Insulin-like Growth Factor 1 (IGF 1) and Insulin-like Growth Factor Binding Protein 3 (IGFBP 3), were measured in 7 patients in the study group and 5 in the control group. All were normal, the height standard deviation score (Ht.SDS) was below average. Conclusions: The average dose of inhaled corticosteroids (300 μg/day for 9 months) has no significant effects on the growth rate of prepubertal asthmatic Thai children. ER  - 
Importance of plasma leptin in predicting future weight gain in obese children: A two-and-a-half-year longitudinal study; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether relatively low leptin levels predict changes in adiposity in prepubertal and pubertal obese children. RESEARCH METHODS AND PROCEDURES: In a biracial cohort of 68 obese children (33 male and 35 female; 46 Caucasians and 22 African-Americans, age range 7-18 y), we measured at baseline fasting insulin and leptin levels, height and weight and calculated body mass index (kg/m2) and expressed body mass index as (BMI) Z-score. After a 2.5-y follow-up, anthropometric measurements were repeated and changes in weight gain were calculated as changes in BMI Z-score. RESULTS: At baseline obese preadolescent boys and girls had similar age and BMI Z-score, fasting insulin and leptin levels. After an average follow-up of 2.5 y, mean weight change calculated by changes in BMI Z-score from baseline was similar in both groups. In obese adolescent boys and girls at baseline, no significant gender differences were observed for BMI Z-score and insulin levels. In contrast, plasma leptin levels were significantly higher in obese girls compared with obese adolescent boys. At follow-up, there was no significant difference in change in BMI Z-score between obese boys and girls. Multiple linear regression analysis revealed that high basal leptin levels were positively associated with greater changes in BMI Z-score only in girls (r2 = 0.18, P < 0.02), after adjusting for basal BMI Z-score, Tanner stage, years of follow-up and basal insulin. High basal leptin levels in girls explained 18% of the weight gain. CONCLUSION: High leptin levels are associated with excessive future weight gain only in girls. ER  - 
Prevalence of overweight in urban Indian adolescent school children; The prevalence of diabetes mellitus (DM) and cardiovascular disease (CVD) is increasing in urban India. Overweight in adolescence is a marker of overweight in adult age, and it shows an association with the above diseases. There have been meagre data from India on the prevalence of childhood obesity. The objective of the study was to quantify the prevalence of overweight and its risk factors in adolescent children in urban India. School students in the age group of 13-18 years (n=4700, M:F 2382:2318) were studied. Body mass index (BMI) was measured. Data on physical activity, food habits, occupation of parents and their economic status, birth weight of the children and age at menarche in girls were obtained by questionnaire. Age-adjusted prevalence of overweight was 17.8% for boys and 15.8% for girls. It increased with age and was higher in lower tertiles of physical activity and in higher socio-economic group. Birth weight and current BMI were positively associated. The study highlighted the high prevalence of overweight in adolescent children in urban India. Life style factors influenced BMI in adolescent age. © 2002 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Bedside scoring procedure for the diagnosis of diabetic peripheral neuropathy in young patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus; Objective: To test the applicability of a bedside scoring method for screening for diabetic peripheral neuropathy (DPN) in patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus (DM) in an ambulatory clinic. The prevalence of DPN was estimated and its risk factors identified. Methods: A total of 217 patients (102 males) with type 1 DM, median age 23.4 years (7.5-49 years) and median duration of DM 13.2 years (1-34 years) were evaluated for DPN using the bedside Neuropathy Disability Score (NDS). A score of 3-5 indicated mild DPN, 6-8 moderate DPN and 9-10 severe DPN. The presence of DPN was correlated with possible predictive factors. Results: The NDS was reliable and highly reproducible. The overall prevalence of DPN was 17.1%: mild in 14.3%, moderate in 2.3%, and severe in 0.5% of patients. The prevalence and severity of DPN were significantly related to long-term glycemic control (p <0.001), DM duration (p <0.005), age (p = 0.005), and duration of pubertal DM duration (p = 0.03). The prevalence of DPN was significantly associated with the presence of retinopathy (p <0.002) and overt proteinuria (p <0.005). Conclusions: The NDS is a simple, reliable and reproducible screening method for use in the ambulatory clinic to identify the early signs of DPN, leading to early institution of intensive diabetes control measures and preventive foot care. ER  - 
Leptin, insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-I and IGF binding protein-3 levels in children with constitutional delay of growth; This study was planned in order to investigate the role of insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I), IGF binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) and leptin, the product of the ob gene synthesized by fat tissue cells, in constitutional delay of growth and puberty (CDGP) which is the most frequent cause of short stature in children. This study was conducted on 80 children with CDGP aged 6-15 years, and 60 healthy children served as controls. Serum IGF-I, IGFBP-3, insulin and plasma leptin levels were measured by immunoradiometric assay. Mean IGF-I and leptin levels were significantly lower in the CDGP group compared with the controls, but the mean IGFBP-3 level was not different in the two groups. Mean leptin levels were 3.72 ± 2.29 in CDGP and 4.68 ± 3.08 in the control group (p < 0.05). There was a statistically significant relationship between leptin levels and height, weight, and body mass index. Leptin levels were also correlated with chronological age, bone age and height age. When evaluated according to pubertal status, a significant difference was found in IGF-I, leptin and IGFBP-3 levels between prepubertal and pubertal groups. Leptin levels were significantly different in the prepubertal CDGP group compared with controls but in the pubertal CDGP group only IGF-I levels were significantly different from controls. As the weight of children with CDGP was lower than in the control group, it is postulated that the reason for short stature and pubertal delay may be this decrease in weight which is also the cause of low levels of leptin and IGF-I. ER  - 
Favorable final height outcome in girls with Ullrich-Turner syndrome treated with low-dose growth hormone together with oxandrolone despite starting treatment after 10 years of age; The objective of this study was to find out whether moderate doses of growth hormone (GH) in combination with oxandrolone (Ox) and late initiation of puberty could improve adult height even in relatively old patients with Ullrich-Turner syndrome (UTS). Ninety-one patients with UTS were randomly assigned to receive either GH alone (Saizen©, Ares-Serono, Geneva) 18 IU/m2/week (0.2 mg/kg/week) by daily s.c. injections (group GH) or a combination of GH and Ox 0.1 mg/kg/day p.o. (group GH + Ox). Prior to treatment mean age was 10.2 years (GH) and 10.5 years (GH + Ox), mean projected adult height (PAH) was 146.4 cm (GH) and 146.7 cm (GH + Ox). During year 2 the GH dose was increased in the GH group to 24 and later to 28 IU/m2/week (0.27 mg and later 0.31 mg/kg/week). In group GH + Ox, the Ox dose was reduced to 0.05 mg/kg/day after the first 12 months of therapy, and during the last treatment years the GH dose was raised to 24-28 IU/m2/week (0.27-0.31 mg/kg/week) due to declining growth promotion. Some of the patients of group GH were later given Ox in addition to GH because of waning growth velocity, whereas some of the patients of group GH + Ox were taken off Ox due to virilizing side-effects of the high Ox dose, thus making up a third group of patients: group GH + transient Ox. Puberty was induced at a mean age of 14.9 years. In group GH + Ox, cumulative growth during 5 years of therapy was twice the growth anticipated from standards of untreated patients with UTS. Forty-seven patients are now near or at final height: in group GH (n = 7), mean final height was 151.7 cm (PAH 148.1 cm, gain 3.6 cm); in group GH + Ox (n = 15), 155.1 cm (PAH 147.2 cm, gain 7.9 cm); and in group GH + transient Ox (n = 25), 152.8 cm (PAH 146.4 cm, gain 6.4 cm). These results should be regarded as an underestimate of true final height since some the patients are still growing. Moderate doses of GH plus Ox and late induction of puberty definitely improved final height even in patients with UTS treated relatively late. ER  - 
Nine novel mutations in maturity-onset diabetes of the young (MODY) candidate genes in 22 Spanish families; The aims of this study were to estimate the prevalence of major maturity-onset diabetes of the young (MODY) subtypes in Spanish MODY families and to analyze genotype-phenotype correlations. Twenty-two unrelated pediatric MODY patients and 97 relatives were screened for mutations in the coding region of the glucokinase (GCK), hepatic nuclear factor-HNF-1α and HNF4α genes using PCR-single strand conformation polymorphism and/or direct sequencing. In families carrying GCK mutations, the influence of genetic defects on fetal growth was investigated by comparing the birth weights of 32 offspring discordant for the mutations. Mutations in MODY genes were identified in 64% of the families. GCK/MODY2 mutations were the most frequently found, in 41%: seven novel (R369P, S411F, M298K, C252Y, Y108C, A188E, and S383L) and 2 already described mutations. Four pedigrees (18%) harbored mutations in the HNF-1α/MODY3 gene, including a previously unreported change (R271G). One family (4%) carried a novel mutation in the HNF-4α gene (IVS5-2delA), representing the first report of a MODY1 pedigree in the Spanish population. The age at diagnosis was prepubertal in MODY2 index patients and pubertal in MODY3 patients. Overt diabetes was rare in MODY2 and was invariably present in MODY3 index patients. Chronic complications of diabetes were absent in the MODY2 population and were present in more than 40% of all relatives of MODY3. Birth weight was lower in the presence of a GCK fetal mutation when the mutation was of paternal origin. The MODY1 patient was diagnosed at 15 yr of age. She developed intermittent microalbuminuria despite good metabolic control, and severe late-onset complications were common within her family. Mutations in the GCK/MODY2 gene are the most common cause of MODY in our population as recruited from pediatric and adolescent index patients. The inheritance of GCK defects by the fetus results in a reduction of birth weight. Clinical expression of MODY3 and MODY1 mutations, the second and third groups of defects found, was more severe, including the frequent development of chronic complications. ER  - 
Shortness at birth is associated with insulin resistance in pre-pubertal Jamaican children; Aim: To investigate the relationship between anthropometry at birth and glucose/insulin metabolism in childhood using the response to an oral glucose challenge. Method: Four hundred mother/child pairs on whom gestational and birth data were available were studied. After an overnight fast, anthropometric measurements were made on the children and an oral glucose tolerance test performed. The plasma concentrations of insulin, pro-insulin and 32-33 split pro-insulin were also measured. Skinfold thicknesses were used to calculate percentage body fat and fat mass was derived from the percentage fat and absolute weight. Results: The mean age of the children was 8 y (range 7.5-10.5), and six exhibited impaired glucose tolerance based on WHO criteria. Insulin concentration 120 min after the oral glucose load (a measure of insulin resistance) was inversely related to length at birth (P<0.005). The children who were in the shortest quartile at birth and were heaviest at 8 y old had the highest insulin concentration. Conclusion: Shortness at birth is related to insulin resistance. Such insensitivity to the action of insulin is greater in heavier children. ER  - 
Serum insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) and IGF-binding protein-3 levels in severe iodine deficiency; Iodine deficiency is an important public health problem worldwide. It is well known that it has severe consequences such as brain damage, developmental delay, deficits in hearing and learning and lower intellectual attainment. It also has a negative impact on growth. In this study, we aimed to address this issue and we assessed height standard deviation scores of children living in an area of severe iodine deficiency in comparison to those living in a mild iodine deficiency area. Serum levels of insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I), IGF-binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3), thyroxine (T4), and thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH) were also analyzed to investigate the mechanisms by which iodine depletion leads to growth failure. Pubertal children in a severe iodine deficient SID area had lower height standard deviation scores (HSDS), IGF-I and IGFBP-3 levels than those living in mild iodine deficient MID area. Similar findings could not be elucidated in the prepubertal age group. The major determinants of HSDS were age, IGF-I, IGFBP-3 and TSH. IGF-I and IGFBP-3 were negatively correlated with T4. These findings suggest that iodine deficiency has a negative impact on growth, as well as IGF-I and IGFBP-3 levels. This effect seems to be due to the derangements in thyroid hormone economy arising from iodine depletion. The degree of this impact may be related to the duration of iodine depletion or may be dependent on the developmental stage of the organism at the time of iodine depletion. ER  - 
A longitudinal study of the effects of a gluten-free diet on glycemic control and weight gain in subjects with type 1 diabetes and celiac disease; OBJECTIVE - To describe the longitudinal growth characteristics and glycemic control in type 1 diabetic children diagnosed with celiac disease and started on a gluten-free diet (GFD). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - Data on growth and glycemic control for 11 case subjects diagnosed with celiac disease (cd+ group) and started on a GFD were collected prospectively, and two control subjects without celiac disease matched forage, sex, and duration of diabetes (cd- group) were selected for comparison. RESULTS - In the period between diagnosis of type 1 diabetes and start of a GFD in the cd + compared with the cd- group, BMI standard deviation score (SDS) was lower (-0.2 vs. 0.7, P = 0.015), as was HbA1c (8.9 vs. 9.8%, P = 0.002). In a regression model the cd+ group had lower BMI SDS (P < 0.001) and lower HbA1c (P = 0.04), independent of other variables. On a GFD, BMISDS increased by 12 months in the cd+ group and then was no different than the cd- group (1.1 vs. 1.0, P = 0.11), whereas HbA1c improved further within case subjects compared with pre-GFD (8.9 vs. 8.3%, P = 0.002). On a GFD, case subjects in contrast to control subjects showed no deterioration in HbA1c during the years of puberty (8.3 vs. 10.0%, P = 0.022) CONCLUSIONS - In children with type 1 diabetes, untreated celiac disease resulted in lower BMI SDS and lower HbA 1c. Recovery of BMI SDS with a GFD was associated with further improvement in HbA1c as compared with pre-GFD, with no expected deterioration in glycemic control during puberty. These apparent clinical benefits need confirming by larger studies. ER  - 
Congenital adrenal hyperplasia: Lessons from a multinational study; A study group of paediatric endocrinologists was established in Austria, Czech Republic, Hungary, Slovenia and Slovakia in order to investigate various aspects in children with congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH). Five hundred and ninety-eight patients with CAH who were diagnosed between 1969 and 1998 were included in order to analyze the following questions. Epidemiological data: There were significantly fewer males (43%) than females (57%), and the percentage of males did not increase during the observation period. Salt wasters (SW) totalled 64.7%, whereas 35.3% had simple virilizing (SV) CAH. Diagnosis was established significantly later in boys than in girls (median of 26 vs. 13 days for SW, p < 0.0001; 1,817 vs. 1,010 days for SV, p < 0.03). Mortality in the general population was significantly lower than in CAH siblings (1.8% vs. 7.0%, p < 0.0001) or in SW children (2.2% vs. 11.3%, p < 0.0001). According to our calculation with the present clinical diagnostic criteria in Central Europe, from 40 expected CAH patients/year, 2-2.5 SW, and one female and four male SV patients will not be diagnosed. Auxological data: Growth data from 341 patients were analyzed retrospectively. Percentiles were constructed in a longitudinal/cross-sectional study and pubertal growth was described in a longitudinal analysis. Growth of SW patients was impaired in early childhood (0-3 years), but followed a normal course until puberty. In contrast, SV children had a normal growth pattern during early childhood, but were above the standard thereafter. The pubertal growth spurt was of normal magnitude in boys and girls, but started too early. Final height was reduced compared with both standard and target heights. There was no correlation between final height and age of starting treatment or the year of birth. Bone age was accelerated in both CAH types, but more so in SV patients. Molecular genetics: Three hundred and fifty-six patients were investigated for 11-14 of the most frequent mutations by direct allele-specific polymerase chain reaction (PCR) and/or PCR followed by sequence-specific oligonucleotide, single strand chain polymorphism and restriction fragment length polymorphism. In the group as a whole, we most frequently found the Intron 2 splice mutation (30.8%) or a deletion/conversion (28.5%). The Intron 2 mutation was most frequent in the Hungarian population, whereas deletions/conversions were found more frequently in Slovenians. The other mutations had a similar distribution to those seen in other populations. Genotype-phenotype correlation confirms previous reports. Copyright © 2002 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Upper abdominal obesity, insulin resistance and breast cancer risk; PURPOSE: A majority of prospective studies show breast cancer risk to be higher in obese postmenopausal women with upper abdominal adiposity than in those with overall adiposity. The evidence is more limited and inconsistent in the case of premenopausal women. The review examines evidence that aberrant insulin signalling may be involved in the promotion of mammary carcinogenesis. The aetiology and concomitants of abdominal visceral obesity are examined. MECHANISMS: Clinical and experimental evidence suggests that the higher breast cancer risk associated with greater abdominal visceral obesity may be related to aberrant insulin signalling through the insulin receptor substrate 1 pathway, leading to insulin resistance, hyperinsulinaemia and increased concentrations of endogenous oestrogen and androgen. The putative role of aberrant insulin signalling in the promotion of mammary carcinogenesis may help to explain clinical relationships between breast cancer risk and age at menarche, pregnancies and onset of obesity. CONCLUSION: Overall adiposity in women adversely affects breast cancer risk mainly by greater exposure of mammary epithelial tissue to endogenous oestrogen. Upper abdominal adiposity appears to involve an additional effect related to the presence of insulin resistance. Aetiological factors in the development of hyperinsulinaemic insulin resistance are still uncertain but may involve aberrant susceptibility genes in adipocyte insulin receptors or in the insulin receptor substrate 1 pathway. Epigenetic factors are also likely to contribute, including high free fatty acid levels and obesity. Dietary fatty acids, particularly polyunsaturated fatty acids, are known to regulate adipocyte differentiation through the nuclear peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma, and may also have a role in insulin resistance. These aetiological factors are likely to be relevant to the high risk of postmenopausal breast cancer in industrialised Western populations. ER  - 
Growth failure in early life: An important manifestation of turner syndrome; The goals of this study were to test the hypothesis that girls with Turner syndrome (TS) experience growth failure early in life and to establish model-based normative growth charts for 0- to 8-year-old American girls with TS. Full-term girls with TS who had 5 or more measurements of height obtained during their first 10 years of life prior to initiation of growth hormone, estrogen and/or androgen therapy were eligible for this study. A nonlinear mixed-effects model comprising the first two components of the infancy-childhood-puberty (ICP) model of growth was fitted to the longitudinal height measurements and compared with those of healthy American girls. Height measurements (n = 1,146) from 112 girls with TS (45,X: 57.1%; 45,X/46,XX: 12.5%; 46,X, iso(X): 4.5%, and other: 25.9%) were analyzed. Mean height SDS fell from -0.68 at birth to -1.60 at 1 year, -1.80 at 2 years and -1.95 at 3 years. When compared to controls (676 girls, 4,537 measurements), girls with TS grew more slowly due to three principal factors: a slow growth rate of the infancy component, a slow growth rate at the onset of the childhood component, and delayed onset of the childhood component. Traditional concepts of growth failure in TS should be revised. Physicians should consider the diagnosis of TS in any girl with unexplained failure to thrive or short stature, even in the first 3 years of life. Copyright © 2002 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Fertility after treatment for Hodgkin's disease; Background: The investigational endeavors of ovarian cryopreservation await the clinical experience of auto- or xenotransplantation, in vitro maturation of thawed primordial follicles, their in vitro fertilization and embryo transfer. Although promising, this experience is not yet available. Moreover, the risk of possible reimplantation of malignant stem cells with the thawed cryoperserved ovary has been raised following experimental animal observations. Therefore, until these innovative endeavors prove successful, we have attempted to minimize the gonadotoxic effect of chemotherapy by the co-treatment with a gonadotropin-releasing hormone agonistic analog (GnRH-a) to induce a temporary prepubertal milieu. The immunoreactive inhibin-A and -B in these patients was measured before, during and following the gonadotoxic chemotherapy. Methods: A prospective clinical protocol was undertaken in 60 women aged 15-40 years with lymphoma, 10 with leukemia and 10 undergoing chemotherapeutic treatments for non-malignant diseases such as systemic lupus erythematosus or other autoimmune diseases. A monthly injection of depot D-TRP6-GnRH-a was administered from before starting the chemotherapy until its conclusion, up to a maximum of 6 months. Hormonal profile [follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH), luteinizing hormone (LH), E2, T, P4, insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-1, IGF-BP3 and prolactin) was taken before starting the GnRH-a/chemotherapy co-treatment, and monthly thereafter until resumtion of spontaneous ovulation. This group was compared with a control group of 60 women who have been treated with similar chemotherapy. Results: Whereas all but three (40, 36 and 34 year old) of the surviving patients within the GnRH-a/chemotherapy co-treatment group resumed spontaneous ovulation and menses within 12 months, less than half of the patients in the 'control' group (chemotherapy without GnRH-a co-treatment) resumed ovarian function and regular cyclic activity (P <0.05). The remaining 55% experienced premature ovarian failure (POF). Temporarily increased FSH concentrations were experienced by about one-third of the patients resuming cyclic ovarian function, suggesting reversible ovarian damage in a larger proportion of women than those experiencing POF. Inhibin-A and -B decreased during the GnRH-a/chemotherapy co-treatment but increased to normal levels in patients who resumed regular ovarian cyclicity, and/or spontaneously conceived, as compared with low levels in those who developed POF. Conclusions: If these preliminary data are consisent in a larger group of patients, GnRH-a co-treatment should be considered in every woman of reproductive age receiving chemotherapy, in addition to assisted reproductive technologies and the investigation into ovarian cryopreservation for future in vitro maturation, autotransplantation or xenotransplantation. ER  - 
Gonadotropin-suppressive therapy in girls with early and fast puberty affects the pace of puberty but not total pubertal growth or final height; Early and fast puberty (EFP) in girls, defined as pubertal onset at age 8-9 yr, with an accelerated course, may cause compromised final height (FHt) and psychosocial distress. Treatment with a gonadotropin-suppressive agent is controversial, because the improvement in FHt is equivocal and there may be risk of obesity. We analyzed the data of 126 girls with EFP: 63 treated with GnRH analog (GnRHA) since Tanner stage 3, for 2-4 yr; and 63 untreated. Age at onset of puberty; accelerated time of transition from Tanner stage 2 to 3 (<1.3 yr); and clinical, hormonal and sonographic findings were similar in the 2 groups. The girls given GnRHA treatment had a significantly prolonged pubertal course, compared with the accelerated course in the untreated girls (4.7 ± 0.4 vs. 2.45 ± 0.4 yr, P < 0.001). After therapy, they reached Tanner stages 4 and 5 and FHt at a significantly older age than the untreated group (P < 0.001), and their menarche was delayed (12.8 ± 0.6 vs. 10.8 ± 0.5 yr, P < 0.001). However, the different pace of puberty in the 2 groups did not change the total pubertal growth and the bone maturation rate. The Ht gain from Tanner stage 3 to 4 (10.4 ± 2.7 vs. 11.2 ± 3.1 cm) and from Tanner stage 4 to FHt (8.2 ± 2.7 vs. 8.8 ± 3.6 cm) was similar in the treated and untreated girls, as were absolute Ht and bone age at each pubertal stage. The weight gain of the treated girls was more pronounced during treatment (P = 0.0016), but it was arrested after discontinuation of therapy; and by the time FHt was reached, the body mass index was similar in the 2 groups. The treated and untreated girls achieved a similar mean FHt, which was not significantly different from their respective mean target Ht (THt). Individual analysis revealed that 70% of the treated girls and 67% of the untreated girls attained their THt range (THt ± 0.5 SD) or surpassed it. In conclusion, treatment with GnRHA affected only the pace of EFP. The similar Ht gain and bone maturation rate at each pubertal stage in the treated and untreated girls may suggest that the total pubertal growth is not dependent on pubertal duration and pace and is probably determined already at the onset of the normal pubertal development. The treatment did not compromise the FHt and did not cause long-lasting obesity. Therefore, GnRHA therapy may be suggested for use in girls who have psychosocial difficulties in coping with EFP. ER  - 
Pubertal alterations in growth and body composition. VI. Pubertal insulin resistance: Relation to adiposity, body fat distribution and hormone release; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the independent influence of alterations in fat mass, body fat distribution and hormone release on pubertal increases in fasting serum insulin concentrations and on insulin resistance assessed by the homeostasis model (HOMA). DESIGN AND SUBJECTS: Cross-sectional investigation of pre- (n = 11, n = 8), mid- (n = 10, n = 11), and late-pubertal (n = 10, n = 11) boys and girls with normal body weight and growth velocity. MEASUREMENTS: Body composition (by a four-compartment model), abdominal fat distribution and mid-thigh interfascicular plus intermuscle (extramyocellular) fat (by magnetic resonance imaging), total body subcutaneous fat (by skinfolds), mean nocturnal growth hormone (GH) release and 06:00 h samples of serum insulin, sex steroids, leptin and insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I). RESULTS: Pubertal insulin resistance was suggested by greater (P < 0.001) fasting serum insulin concentrations in the late-pubertal than pre- and mid-pubertal groups while serum glucose concentrations were unchanged and greater (P < 0.001) HOMA values in late-pubertal than pre- and mid-pubertal youth. From univariate correlation fat mass was most related to HOMA (r = 0.59, P < 0.001). Two hierarchical regression models were developed to predict HOMA. In one approach, subject differences in sex, pubertal maturation, height and weight were held constant by adding these variables as a block in the first step of the model (r2 = 0.36). Sequential addition of fat mass (FM) increased r2 (r2(inc)remental = 0.08, r2 = 0.44, P < 0.05) as did the subsequent addition of a block of fat distribution variables (extramyocellular fat, abdominal visceral fat, and sum of skinfolds; r2inc = 0.11, r2 = 0.55, P < 0.05). Sequential addition of a block of hormone variables (serum IGF-I and log(10) leptin concentrations; r2inc = 0.04, P > 0.05) did not reliably improve r2 beyond the physical characteristic and adiposity variables. In a second model, differences in sex and pubertal maturation were again held constant (r2 = 0.25), but body size differences were accounted for using percentage fat data. Sequential addition of percentage body fat (r2(inc)remental = 0.11, r2 = 0.36, P < 0.05), then a block of fat distribution variables (percentage extramyocellular fat, percentage abdominal visceral fat, and percentage abdominal subcutaneous fat; r2inc = 0.08, r2 = 0.44, P = 0.058), and then a block of serum IGF-I and log(10) leptin concentrations (r2inc = 0.07, r2 = 0.51, P < 0.05) increased r2. Mean nocturnal GH release was not related to HOMA (r = -0.04, P = 0.75) and therefore was not included in the hierarchical regression models. CONCLUSION: Increases in insulin resistance at puberty were most related to FM. Accumulation of fat in the abdominal visceral, subcutaneous and muscular compartments may increase insulin resistance at puberty beyond that due to total body fat. Serum concentrations of leptin and IGF-I may further modulate HOMA beyond the effects of adiposity and fat distribution. However, the results are limited by the cross-sectional design and the use of HOMA rather than a criterion measure of insulin resistance. ER  - 
Comparison of insulin lispro with regular human insulin for the treatment of type 1 diabetes in adolescents; Background: Although insulin lispro (insulin LP) has been shown to improve post-prandial blood glucose (BG) control and reduce hypoglycemic episodes in adult patients with type 1 diabetes, there appear to have been few clinical studies focusing on its use in adolescents. Objective: This study compared the effects of insulin LP with those of regular human insulin (insulin R) on postprandial BG control and hypoglycemia in adolescents with type 1 diabetes. Methods: In this crossover, open-label study, adolescents between the ages of 9 and 18 years who had reached Tanner stage II puberty were randomized to receive either insulin LP immediately before meals or insulin R 30 to 45 minutes before meals, in addition to daily intermediate-acting insulin. After 4 months, patients were switched to the alternate treatment sequence. Eight-point BG profiles, hypoglycemia rate, and glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) were measured at baseline and end point. Results: Four hundred eighty-one adolescents participated in the study at 53 investigative sites in 15 countries; 463 were randomized to treatment (228 insulin LP, 235 insulin R), and 457 completed the study. Insulin LP given before breakfast resulted in significantly lower mean (±SD) 2-hour postprandial BG levels compared with insulin R (9.7 ± 4.0 mmol/L vs 10.6 ± 4.3 mmol/L, respectively; P < 0.001). Insulin LP given before dinner resulted in significantly lower 2-hour postprandial BG levels compared with insulin R (8.6 ± 3.5 mmol/L vs 9.3 ± 3.7 mmol/L; P = 0.003). No differences were seen between treatments in 2-hour postprandial BG levels after the midday meal. Mean baseline HbA1c values were similar between sequence groups, and no between-group difference in HbA1c was observed at end point (insulin LP, 8.69% ± 1.52%; insulin R, 8.70% ± 1.65%). Treatment with insulin LP resulted in a significantly lower incidence of hypoglycemic episodes per patient per 30 days compared with insulin R (4.02 ± 4.5 vs 4.37 ± 4.5, respectively; P = 0.023) and significantly fewer hypoglycemic episodes between midnight and 6 AM (1.0 ± 1.9 vs 1.7 ± 2.6; P < 0.001). Conclusions: In adolescents with type 1 diabetes, insulin LP significantly improved postprandial glycemic control and reduced episodes of nocturnal hypoglycemia compared with insulin R. Insulin LP was well tolerated and effective as part of an intensified insulin regimen in this study population. ER  - 
Metabolic cardiovascular syndrome in obese prepubertal children: The role of high fasting insulin levels; The aim of this study was to detect the presence and degree of impairment of cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors, grouped as metabolic cardiovascular syndrome (MCS), in obese prepubertal children. We also assessed the influence of high fasting insulin levels in this pathological status. A cross-sectional study was performed on obese children based on fasting blood samples. Subjects were 61 obese children (aged 6 to 9 years) and an equal number of non-obese children paired by age and sex. The obese children presented the following characteristics in comparison to the non-obese group: significantly high levels of insulin (8.2 ± 0.52 v 6.12 ± 0.34 μU/mL), triglycerides (TG) (0.79 ± 0.04 v 0.60 ± 0.02 mmol/L), uric acid (0.24 ± 0.005 v 0.21 ± 0.004 mmol/L), systolic (SBP) (94.59 ± 1.06 v 88.85 ± 1.2 mm Hg) and diastolic (56.49 ± 1.07 v 52.21 ± 1.06 mm Hg) blood pressure (DBP), and low levels of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) (1.30 ± 0.04 v 1.46 ± 0.03 mmol/L), and nonesterified fatty acids (0.407 ± 0.02 v 0.505 ± 0.02 mmol/L). The hyperinsulinemic obese children showed the same types of differences when compared with the normoinsulinemic group. In the obese group, having adjusted for age, waist/hip ratio (WHR), body mass index (BMI), and sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG), insulin was an independent prediction factor for triglycerides (P = .0004), apolipoprotein A-I (Apo-AI) (P = .005), and alanine aminotransferase (ALT) (P = .029). BMI was an independent prediction factor for HDL-C (P = .001) and triglycerides (P = .027). However, insulin was an independent prediction factor in the control group for triglycerides (P = .0002) and SBP (P = .012), just as BMI was for HDL-C (P = .011) and uric acid (P = .041). We conclude that the cluster of CVD risk factors associated with MCS and intra-abdominal fat is present in obese prepubertal children. This situation seems to depend, to a large extent, on the insulin basal level. The apparent association between BMI and MCS is due to the correlation between BMI and insulin, and to the fact that insulin associates with MCS. Within the obese group, hyperinsulinemic children present the greatest impairment in the parameters considered to be constituents of MCS. Copyright 2002, Elsevier Science (USA). All rights reserved. ER  - 
Serum insulin-like growth factor-I, insulin-like growth factor binding protein-3, and the pubertal growth spurt in the female rhesus monkey; While there is good evidence suggesting IGF-I links to pubertal development and crown-rump length growth among rhesus monkeys, linkages between IGF-I and other measures of morphological growth have not been established. In this study, the pubertal growth spurt in a number of morphological characteristics of female rhesus monkeys is related to serum endocrine status of insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) and its binding protein, insulin-like growth factor binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3), to test the hypothesis that elevations in IGF-I and IGFBP-3 coincide with the time of greatest growth rate of different morphological characteristics. A longitudinal study of pubertal growth among four female rhesus monkeys was carried out across a 3-year period. Morphometric measurements included weight, crown-rump length, foot-length, and skinfolds at five sites (biceps, triceps, abdominal, subscapular, and suprailiac). These measures were taken as being representative of total mass, skeletal growth of the trunk and head, limb length, and body fatness, respectively. Measurements were carried out as closely as possible to 3-monthly, with interpolations being performed to standardise the data to exactly 3-monthly intervals for all individuals. Blood samples were taken at time of morphometry. Elevations in serum IGF-I and IGFBP-3 took place in a manner similar to that of humans, and across the period associated with onset of puberty. Mean 3-monthly gain in crown-rump length and foot length showed significant peaks across the measurement period, while mean 3-monthly gains in weight and sum of five skinfolds did not. Greatest foot length gain occurred on average between 3-3.5 years of age, while crown-rump length gain was greatest between 3.75-4 years of age. Periods of greatest gain in crown-rump length and foot length took place across the period of elevated serum IGF-I levels, which was between 3-4.5 years of age. Significant elevations in IGF-I and IGFBP-3 were not coincident with greatest gains in foot length or crown-rump length. Thus the hypothesis does not hold true for the two measures showing significant peaks in 3-monthly gain across the measurement period. The nature of the endocrine impact on macaque morphology remains unclear, although this may be fundamental to the understanding of the variation in the pubertal growth spurt and its influence on morphology at maturity both within and across primate species. © 2002 Wiley-Liss, Inc. ER  - 
The role of sex steroids in the regulation of insulin sensitivity and serum lipid concentrations during male puberty: A prospective study with a P450-aromatase inhibitor; Objective: Our purpose was to study the sex steroid-mediated changes in serum insulin and lipid concentrations in boys during puberty. Design and Methods: We treated boys with constitutional delay of puberty either with testosterone plus placebo or with testosterone plus an aromatase inhibitor, letrozole, which inhibits the conversion of androgens to oestrogens. We demonstrated previously that during treatment with testosterone plus letrozole the increase in testosterone concentration was more than 5-fold higher than during treatment with testosterone plus placebo. The concentrations of 17β-oestradiol, IGF-1 and IGF-binding protein-3 increased during testosterone-plus-placebo treatment, but during testosterone-plus-tetrozole treatment the concentrations remained unchanged. These divergent changes in the two groups enabled us to study the effects of sex steroids and GH on insulin sensitivity and lipid concentrations. Results: The insulin concentration in the testosterone-plus-placebo-treated group did not change. In contrast, in the testosterone-plus-letrozole-treated group, the concentration decreased during letrozole treatment, indicating improved insulin sensitivity. Changes in insulin and IGF-1 concentrations within 12 and 18 months were correlated. In the testosterone-plus-placebo-treated group, the high-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentration did not change but in the testosterone-plus-letrozole-treated group the concentration decreased. The concentrations of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-cholesterol) and triglycerides did not change in either of the groups. Conclusions: The findings indicate that androgens do not directly alter insulin sensitivity in boys during puberty. In contrast, the observations suggest tight regulation of glucose-insulin homeostasis by GH in boys at this stage. Furthermore, our findings indicate that sex steroids do not significantly participate in the regulation of serum concentrations of LDL-cholesterol or triglycerides in boys during early and mid-puberty. ER  - 
Transition from multiple daily injections to continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion in type 1 diabetes mellitus; Objective: To review our experience with insulin dosing during the conversion from multiple daily injections to continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion (CSII) for children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus. Study design: The charts of 65 children who started CSII from January 1998 to April 2000 were reviewed. Data regarding insulin dose and hemoglobin A1c levels were collected from the prepump visit and first (at 1 to 2 months) and second (at 3 to 6 months) visits after being placed on pump therapy. Results: Pubertal patients had a decrease in total insulin dose taking CSII; prepubertal patients had little change (-18 ± 3.5% vs -1.7 ± 5%, P = .01). On CSII, the basal insulin dose comprised 40% to 45% of total insulin in both prepubertal and pubertal patients. Maximal basal rate in prepubertal patients occurred from 9 PM to 12 AM and in pubertal patients from 3 AM to 9 AM and from 9 PM to 12 AM. Conclusion: Guidelines established for CSII dosing in adults do not necessarily apply to children. The total daily insulin dose needs to be decreased in pubertal patients but may remain unchanged in prepubertal patients. The basal rate comprises 40% to 45% of the total daily insulin dose, and the timing of maximum basal rates is likely to occur in the late evening hours in prepubertal children. ER  - 
Stature at time of diagnosis of type 1 diabetes mellitus; Objective. To assess the stature of children with type 1 diabetes mellitus at diagnosis. Methods. We collected data from 451 records of children who were examined in a pediatric diabetes clinic and used data from the Third National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey for 10 522 children as control group. Analytical techniques included linear and logistic regression modeling. A semiquantitative meta-analysis evaluated 38 earlier publications that contain information on height at the onset of diabetes. Results. Children <1 year of age were shorter than their peers by 1 standard deviation, whereas those from 3 years to near puberty were taller by approximately 0.3 standard deviation. Adjusting for parental height caused this difference to disappear for the older children but not for the infants. The meta-analysis results paralleled these observations. Conclusions. Taller children generally seem to experience increased risk for development of diabetes mellitus type 1, except perhaps during infancy or early adolescence. This observation may have implications regarding pathogenesis of this disorder. ER  - 
Impaired intellectual development in children with type I diabetes: Association with hba1c, age at diagnosis and sex; Aims/hypothesis. Good metabolic control in diabetic children is already crucial before puberty to prevent diabetic complications later in life. However, tight metabolic control could increase the risk of severe hypoglycaemia, which might be responsible for impaired intellectual performance later in life. The purpose of this prospective longitudinal study was to evaluate the relevance of long-term metabolic control and hypoglycaemia possibly affecting the intellectual development of young children with Type I (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus. Methods. The intellectual development in 64 diabetic children between the ages of 7 and 16 years was assessed at least four times using the German version of the Hamburg Wechsler intelligence scale for preschool children, Children-Revised and by the "Adaptives Intelligenz Diagnostikum" (Adaptive Intelligence Diagnosticum). Data were analysed longitudinally compared with a control group. Results. A significant decline in performance by age 7 and in verbal intelligence quotient between age 7 and 16 years was observed in diabetic boys diagnosed before the age of 6 but not in those diagnosed later and not in diabetic girls. The deterioration of intellectual performance in boys diagnosed at a very young age was not associated with the occurrence of severe hypoglycaemic episodes but was correlated with the degree of metabolic deterioration at diagnosis and with high long-term average of glycated haemoglobin. Conclusion/interpretation. Our study in diabetic children shows that the male sex, diagnosis at a young age, metabolic condition at diagnosis and long-term metabolic control, rather than experienced hypoglycaemic attacks are risk factors for intellectual development. ER  - 
Insulin resistance and the persistence of obesity from childhood into adulthood; Insulin resistance and obesity are associated in children as they are in adults. However, although insulin resistance seems to oppose further weight gain in adults, opposite results have been found in children. To investigate the relationship between childhood obesity, insulin resistance, and long-term weight gain, we selected 215 obese Caucasian children (120 males and 95 females) aged 10.5 (±2.4) yr, with a relative body mass index (BMI) of 153.8% (±27.7%) and normal glucose tolerance. Insulin resistance was assessed at baseline by using the homeostasis model assessment. Fourteen (±5) years later, 103 subjects returned for a follow-up examination of height and weight. At follow-up, 37 subjects (36%) were obese (BMI ≥ 30), 33 (32%) were overweight (25 ≤ BMI < 30), and 33 (32%) were of normal weight (20 ≤ BMI < 25). In a multiple regression, relative BMI and insulin resistance at childhood were independent predictors of adulthood BMI (r2 = 0.44; P < 0.01) in girls. A multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that high relative BMI [odds ratio, 1.06; 95% confidence interval, 1.00-1.13; P = 0.04] and low insulin resistance index at baseline (odds ratio, 0.58; 95% confidence interval, 0.34-0.99; P = 0.04) predicted obesity in adulthood for girls, no matter their age, Tanner stage, and their parents' BMI. In boys, insulin resistance was not a significant predictor of adult obesity. In conclusion, obesity tracks into adulthood for many obese Caucasian children. In obese girls, insulin resistance during childhood appears to oppose the risk of obesity in adulthood. ER  - 
Effects of dose and gender on the growth and growth factor response to GH in GH-deficient children: Implications for efficacy and safety; We evaluated the dose-response effects of GH on the growth and growth factor levels of GH-deficient patients. One hundred eleven short (-3.0 ± 0.9 height SD score), prepubertal GH-deficient children were randomized to receive low- (L; 0.025 mg/kg per day), medium- (M; 0.05 mg/kg per day), or high (H; 0.1 mg/kg per day) dose GH. One hundred four children completed the 2-yr study. At 2 yr, the three groups displayed increases in height SD scores of 1.4 ± 0.1 for L, 2.2 ± 0.1 for M, and 2.3 ± 0.1 for H (P < 0.001 relative to L, P = NS relative to M). The serum levels of IGF-I and IGF binding protein-3 during treatment also demonstrated dependency on the GH dose and were independently correlated with the increase in height SD scores attained. Bone age advancement, the occurrence of puberty, fasting glucose, and hemoglobin A1c did not change during therapy, but fasting insulin levels rose in a dose-dependent manner. Surprisingly, the GH dose-response curve for both auxological and biochemical parameters differed between prepubertal females (n = 33) and males (n = 71). Males had a linear GH dose response, whereas females had an apparent plateau of both linear growth and IGF-I SD score responses at 0.05 mg/kg per day. In this large, randomized, 2-yr study, we observed a dose-response effect of GH on growth and serum growth factor levels and a prepubertal gender difference in GH sensitivity. These results suggest that the efficacy and theoretical safety of GH therapy can be optimized by modulating the GH dose in a gender-specific manner, based on the growth response and serum growth factor levels. ER  - 
Detection of insulin resistance by simple quantitative insulin sensitivity check index QUICKI for epidemiological assessment and prevention; The aim of the present study was to evaluate the recently defined simple insulin sensitivity check index QUICKI (Katz et al. 2000) for insulin resistance diagnostics in common clinical and epidemiological practice. Both the QUICKI (1/log insulin + log glycemia in mg/dL) and HOMA (insulin * glycemia in μmol/L/22.5) indexes were calculated from fasting values in 259 adult healthy volunteers and patients, and in 47 healthy and obese children of prepubertal age of both sexes. In adults, a fall in the QUICKI index (mean ± SEM in healthy subjects = 0.366± 0.029) as well as an increase in the HOMA index (in healthy subjectss 1.57±0.87) corresponded to metabolic and clinical manifestations of insulin resistance in various groups of outpatients. The QUICKI index had lower dispersion variances and the 95% confidence limits displayed a higher discrimination capacity. Patients with glucose intolerance or diabetes, hyperlipidemia typical for insulin resistance, or with combination of these metabolic disorders were characterized by QUICKI index values that were significantly lower than those of healthy volunteers. The QUICKI index in healthy prepubertal children indicated a higher insulin resistance compared to adults (mean 0.339± 0.020); an increase in the QUICKI index in obese children with BMI over 25 was not significant, although obese children showed a significant increase of serum leptin and triglycerides and a decrease of HDL-cholesterol. Adult patients with QUICKI index below 0.357 (which is at the lower limit of 95% confidence limits in healthy persons) represented a group with typical manifestations of metabolic syndrome, differing in these parameters significantly from the group of patients of comparable age with a QUICKI index greater than 0.357. The present study suggests suitability of the QUICKI index for diagnosis of insulin resistance in clinical and epidemiological practice. However, a normal QUICKI index range needs to be established for each laboratory with an appropriate control group because of significant interlaboratory variations in insulin determinations and/or possible differences in various populations. ER  - 
Central precocious puberty in girls: An evidence-based diagnosis tree to predict central nervous system abnormalities; Objective. To identify predictors of central precocious puberty (CPP) that reveal central nervous system (CNS) abnormalities in girls with CPP. Methods. A retrospective cohort study was conducted of all girls younger than 8 years with breast development related to CPP, seen between 1982 and 2000, in a university pediatric hospital in Paris, France. For a pilot population (186 idiopathic, 11 revealing CNS abnormalities), the accuracy of the Lawson Wilkins Pediatric Endocrine Society recommendations were evaluated. Potential clinical, radiological, and biological predictors of CNS abnormalities were assessed by univariate and multivariate analyses. A diagnosis tree aiming for 100% sensitivity for the detection of CNS abnormalities was constructed and was tested on a validation population (39 idiopathic, 3 revealing CNS abnormalities). Results. Applying the Lawson Wilkins Pediatric Endocrine Society recommendations, 2 of 11 girls with CPP that revealed CNS abnormalities would not have been considered to require brain imaging. Independent predictors of CNS abnormalities were age at onset of puberty <6 years (adjusted odds ratio [AOR]: 6.7; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.5-29), lack of pubic hair at diagnosis (AOR: 7.7; 95% CI: 1.8-33), and estradiol >110 pmol/L (AOR: 4.1, 95% CI: 1.0-17). The diagnosis tree that was constructed on the basis of these predictors had 100% sensitivity and 56% specificity for the validation population. Conclusion. The identification of girls who have CPP and require cerebral imaging seems possible on the basis of validated, simple, and reproducible predictors: age and estradiol. However, this process needs to be tested on other populations. ER  - 
Familial, anthropometric, and metabolic associations of intramyocellular lipid levels in prepubertal males; The cause of skeletal muscle insulin resistance is unclear, but high levels of intramyocellular lipids are often present in affected individuals. We aimed to establish the metabolic, familial, and anthropometric associations of intramyocellular lipid in a pediatric population. We studied 41 boys aged 6.9-9.9 y and 23 of their mothers by proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy. We related muscle lipid levels to important factors that define an increased risk of developing insulin resistance in adult life. There were significant associations between the boys' intramyocellular lipid and their waist circumference (r = 0.42, p = 0.007), body mass index SD score (r = 0.32, p = 0.04), weight SD score (r = 0.32, p = 0.04), glucose:insulin ratio (r=-0.59, p = 0.04), maternal log fasting insulin levels (r = 0.44, p = 0.04), maternal body mass index (r = 0.46, p = 0.03), and maternal intramyocellular lipid (r = 0.62, p = 0.003). In the 41 boys, waist circumference explained 19% of the variance in the boys' intramyocellular lipid. Maternal intramyocellular lipid explained 39% of the variance in the boys' intramyocellular lipid in the sub-group of 23 boys. Intramyocellular lipid levels have both metabolic and anthropometric associations in childhood. Before puberty, children develop or inherit muscle metabolic characteristics that are associated both with insulin resistance and risk factors for the development of insulin resistance syndrome in adult life. ER  - 
Can exaggerated response to a GH provacative test identify patients with partial GH insensitivity syndrome?; Objectives: In the majority of children with short stature, the etiology is unknown. Mutations of the GH receptor (GHR) have been reported in a few children with apparent idiopathic short stature (ISS). These patients had low IGF-I, IGF-binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) and GH-binding protein (GHBP), but a normal or exaggerated GH response to provocative stimuli, suggestive of partial GH insensitivity (GHI). We attempted to identify children with partial GHI syndrome, based on their response to GH provocative stimuli and other parameters of the GH-IGF-I axis. Subjects and methods: One hundred and sixty-four pre-pubertal children (97 boys, 67 girls) aged 7.2 (0.5-16.75) years were studied. All had short stature with height < 3rd centile. The weight, bone age (BA) and body mass index (BMI) of the subjects, as well as the parents' heights and mid parental height (MPH) were assessed. Basal blood samples were taken for IGF-I, IGFBP-3 and GHBP. All subjects underwent a GH provocative test with either clonidine, arginine or insulin. The subjects were divided into three groups: (A) patients with peak GH concentration <18 mIU/I in two different provocative tests (GH deficiency - GHD, n = 33); (B) patients with peak GH between 18.2 and 39.8 mIU/I (normal response, n = 78); (C) patients with peak GH >40 mIU/I (exaggerated GH response, n = 53). Results: No significant differences were found in age, height (standard deviation score (SDS)), parental height (SDS) and the difference between chronological age and bone age (ΔBA) between the groups. Patients with GHD were heavier (P = 0.039) and had significantly higher BMI (SDS) (P = 0.001) than the other groups. MPH (SDS) was lower in the group of exaggerated responders (P = 0.04) compared with the other groups. No significant differences were found between the groups for the biochemical parameters when expressed nominally or in SDS, except for IGFBP-3 (SDS), which was lower in the GHD group (P = 0.005). The GHBP levels were not lower in the group of exaggerated GH response to provocative stimuli. Height (SDS) correlated negatively with basal GH values in pooled data of all the subjects (r = -0.358, P < 0.0001), in normal responders (r = -0.45, P < 0.0001) and in the exaggerated responders (r = -0.341, P < 0.0001), but not in the GHD group. Conclusion: Exaggerated GH response to provocative tests alone does not appear to be useful in identifying children with GHI. ER  - 
A long-acting human growth hormone (Nutropin Depot®): Efficacy and safety following two years of treatment in children with growth hormone deficiency; Background: Nutropin Depot® [somatropin (rDNA origin) for injectable suspension] is a long-acting form of human growth hormone (GH) to be administered by subcutaneous (s.c.) injection. The availability of this formulation offers the opportunity for greater convenience and compliance by decreasing the number of injections and frequency of administration required. Objective: To determine the efficacy and safety of a long-acting formulation of GH administered in children with GH deficiency (GHD) once or twice monthly for 2 years. Patients: Fifty-six previously untreated, prepubertal children with GHD received Nutropin Depot 1.5 mg/kg once monthly (1×/mo), or 0.75 mg/kg twice monthly (2×/mo) for 24 months. The mean pretreatment growth rate was 5.0 ± 2.4 cm/yr. Results: The 0-12 mo growth rate (mean ± SD) was 8.3 ± 1.5 cm/yr in the 1×/mo group and 8.2 ± 2.0 cm/yr in the 2×/mo group. The 12-24 month growth rate was 7.2 ± 1.5 cm/yr in the 1×/mo group and 6.9 ± 1.5 cm/yr in the 2×/mo group. During the 24 months of treatment, height standard deviation score (SDS) increased by 1.0 ± 0.5 SD in the two groups combined (p <0.0001). The corresponding advancement in bone age was 2.2 ± 0.7 yr, resulting in a gain in Bayley-Pinneau predicted adult height (PAH) SDS of 0.6 ± 0.9 SD in the 1×/mo group and 0.6 ± 1.0 SD in the 2×/mo group. No serious adverse events attributable to the study drug were reported. Injection site reactions were common, but resolved without intervention. Pre-dose fasting and postprandial glucose and insulin levels, as well as hemoglobin A1c levels, were unchanged from baseline values. Conclusions: Treatment with Nutropin Depot is associated with catch-up growth and normal skeletal maturation and is a viable alternative to daily injections of GH in children with GHD. ER  - 
Is the process of β-cell destruction in type 1 diabetes at time of diagnosis more extensive in females than in males?; Objective: To evaluate sex differences in patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (type 1 diabetes) by comparing the integrated parameters of metabolic control at the time of clinical diagnosis and 3 months after intensive insulin therapy in pre-pubertal, pubertal and post-pubertal patients. Design: A total of 331 consecutive patients with newly diagnosed type 1 diabetes were studied. The mean age of the group was 15 years (S.D. 8.1; range 5-23 years). Patients were stratified into three groups according to their age at disease onset: pre-pubertal (ages 5-9 years), pubertal (ages 10-18 years) and post-pubertal (ages 19-23 years). Methods: Glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c), insulin dose and both basal and glucagon-stimulated C-peptide were evaluated at diagnosis and after 3 months of insulin therapy. Results: We found that females diagnosed after puberty were those with the lowest basal C-peptide compared with males (P = 0.005). No statistically significant differences were observed for other metabolic parameters. When the entire group was evaluated, females at the time of diagnosis showed significant lower body mass index (P = 0.001), lower basal C-peptide (P = 0.021) and higher HbA1c (P = 0.023) and required more insulin than males (P < 0.001). After 3 months of therapy, only a significantly greater dose of insulin was observed in females compared with males (P = 0.001), with similar good metabolic control as assessed by HbA1c. Conclusions: We conclude that the process of β-cell destruction at diagnosis may be more extensive in post-pubertal females than in males. Moreover, after the introduction of insulin therapy, females and males show similar metabolic parameters, although females still require significantly more insulin than males to achieve good metabolic control, 3 months after diagnosis. ER  - 
Whole grain intake and incident endometrial cancer: the Iowa Women's Health Study.; We examined whether there is an association between whole grain intake and incident endometrial cancer and whether the association varied by use of hormone replacement therapy. The study included 23,014 Iowa women, aged 55-69 years in 1986. A mailed food frequency questionnaire was used to estimate grain intake, hormone replacement therapy use, and other cancer risk factors. Cancer incidence from 1986 to 1998 was also collected. In analyses stratified by hormone replacement therapy use, an inverse association between whole grain intake and endometrial cancer was observed among never-users of hormone replacement therapy (p for trend = 0.05). Never-users in the highest quintile of whole grain intake were 0.63 times as likely to develop endometrial cancer as those in the lowest quintile of whole grain intake (95% confidence interval = 0.39-1.01). Among hormone replacement therapy users, no association between whole grain intake and endometrial cancer was evident. There was no statistically significant association between whole grain intake and incident endometrial cancer when users of hormone replacement therapy and nonusers were analyzed together. There also was no association between refined grain intake and endometrial cancer. Whole grain intake may protect against endometrial cancer among never-users of hormone replacement therapy. ER  - 
Insulin gene variable number of tandem repeat genotype and the low birth weight, precocious pubarche, and hyperinsulinism sequence; Low birth weight associations with hyperinsulinemia and other adulthood disease risk factors have been described in several cohorts, including girls who present with precocious pubarche (pubic hair <8 yr). We hypothesized that these associations might be influenced by the insulin gene (INS) variable number of tandem repeat (VNTR), a common polymorphism related to INS transcription levels. In 141 Caucasian girls, who presented with precocious pubarche, hyperinsulinemia was assessed from mean insulin levels during an oral glucose load (MSI), and insulin sensitivity was determined from fasting glucose and insulin levels. Fasting blood lipid profiles were also measured. DNA was genotyped for INS VNTR allele class (I or III) in precocious pubarche girls and in 140 age- and body mass index-matched control girls. INS VNTR genotype distribution was similar in precocious pubarche and control girls. However among precocious pubarche girls, INS VNTR genotype was related to the severity of phenotype; I/I and I/III genotypes had lower birth weights (P < 0.01), higher MSI (P < 0.005), and lower insulin sensitivity (P < 0.005) than Ill/III girls. In precocious pubarche girls, birth weight was also inversely related to MSI (r = -0.29;P < 0.0005), total cholesterol (r = -0.38;P < 0.0005), and low density lipoprotein cholesterol (r = -0.44; P < 0.0005). Using logistic regression, additive adverse effects of I/* genotype and low birth weight were seen on MSI (P = 0.03 and P = 0.004, respectively) and total cholesterol levels (P = 0.01 and P < 0.0001). In summary, in girls who presented with precocious pubarche, hyperinsulinemia and dyslipidemia were related to both low birth weight and INS VNTR class I alleles. A similar interaction between genotype and intrauterine growth restraint may underlie other reported links between low birth weight and adulthood disease risks. ER  - 
Body composition, fasting leptin, and sex steroid administration determine GH sensitivity in peripubertal short children; Serum IGF-I levels in GH-treated subjects demonstrate a wide range of responsiveness to GH. However, the factors influencing GH sensitivity are not well known. The aim of this work was 1) to test whether body composition (determined by dual energy x-ray absorptiometry) or factors related to body composition (fasting blood glucose, FFA, C-peptide, leptin, and insulin sensitivity determined by an insulin tolerance test) influence GH sensitivity; and 2) to study the effect of sex steroid priming on GH sensitivity. We measured serum IGF-I at baseline and 24 h after a single administration of GH (2 mg/m2) in 60 healthy prepubertal and early pubertal children (height, -2.1 ± 1.0 SD score). GH sensitivity, as estimated by the increase in serum IGF-I after GH administration (difference between stimulated and baseline serum IGF-I = δ IGF-I), was also determined after a short-term administration of oral ethinyl E2 in girls and im T in boys. The serum IGF-I concentration was 297 ± 114 μg/liter at baseline and increased to 429 ± 160 μg/liter, corresponding to a 46 ± 29% increase over the baseline value (P < 0.0001, stimulated vs. baseline serum IGF.I). δ IGF-I was not different between gender or pubertal stage. There were positive correlations (P < 0.001) between δ IGF-I and adiposity (total body fat, r = 0.62; trunk fat, r = 0.62), fasting leptin (r = 0.64), and C-peptide (r = 0.54), and a negative correlation with fasting FFA (r = -0.33; P < 0.05) even after adjustment for age, gender, and pubertal stage. These factors remained significant independent predictors of the absolute as well as the percent increase in serum IGF-I in multiple regression analyses. Priming with T and ethinyl E2 had a similar stimulating effect on the serum GH peak in response to the insulin tolerance test. In boys, serum baseline IGF-I increased by 60%, and δ IGF-I was similar after vs. before T administration. By contrast, in girls, serum baseline IGF-I was similar, and δ IGF-I was 60% less after vs. before ethinyl E2 administration. This study indicates that 1) GH sensitivity is determined by fat mass, serum fasting leptin, C-peptide, and FFA; and 2) oral ethinyl E2 and im T have divergent effects on the IGF-I response to a single administration of GH. ER  - 
Risk factors for endometrial carcinoma; Aim: to analyze the risk factors for endometrial carcinoma in our environment. Methods: a retrospective investigation was carried out in 45 cases pointing out the incidence of the risk factors. Results: the average age was 62.3 years, the maximum incidence range varied form 61-years-old to 65-years-old. Menstrual factors: The median age of menarche and menopause was 12.45 and 49.9 respectively. We observed a menarche before 13 years old in 50.8% of cases. Reproductive factors: nulliparous 12.7°, secundiparous 36.1%. The lowest incidence was presented by women with 5 or more pregnancies (4.2%). Women without suffering any miscarriage were 63.1% and those who suffered one were 19.1% The most frequent bening gynecologic neoplams was cervical polyps (23.4%), leyomyomatosis (17%), bening pathology of the breast (12.5%). The most frequent accompaying invasive neoplams are malignant tumors of the ovary (10.6%). Breast cancer was 2.1% There was no case with hormonal replacement therapy history. Antihypertensive treatment was registred on 31.9%. Personal background: obesity 31%, hypertension 44.6%, diabetes mellitus 19.1%. Cigarret smoking was detected in 6.3% of the cases. Patients refering family background of cancer were 34%. Others risk factors: obesity 31.9%, hypertension 44.6%, diabetes 19.1% Conclusions: Woman age, early menarche, obesity, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, family history of cancer were possible risk factors for endometrial carcinoma in our environment. Results related to parity were uncertain; it was not confirmed a higher risk in nulliparous. ER  - 
Risk factors for progression to proliferative diabetic retinopathy in the EURODIAB Prospective Complications Study; Aims/hypothesis. Proliferative diabetic retinopathy (PDR), a leading cause of blindness, cannot be totally prevented by optimizing metabolic and blood pressure control and responds to no specific treatment other than partially destructive retinal photocoagulation. Recognizing risk factors using large-scale epidemiological studies could help identify targets for treatment. The EURODIAB Prospective Complications Study (PCS) includes the largest cohort so far of patients with Type I (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus. Methods. Baseline data were collected between 1989 and 1991 on 3250 patients who were recalled for follow-up. Physical examination, biochemical tests and assessment of complications were done on both occasions. In particular, 1249 patients had retinal photographs taken both basally and after an average of 7.3 years. Results. Proliferative retinopathy had developed in 157 patients (cumulative incidence 17.3/1000 patient-years; 95%-CI: 13.6-21.1). HbA1c (standardized regression estimate - SRE = 3.03, CI 2.49-3.69), diabetes duration (1.71, 1.42-2.06), age at diagnosis < 12 (1.66, 1.11-2.50), diastolic blood pressure less than or equal to 83 (1.50, 1.03-2.20) and waist-to-hip ratio (1.50, 1.03-2.20) were all independent predictors for progression to PDR when entered simultaneously into a logistic regression model. Including retinopathy at baseline maintained the effects of metabolic control and pre-pubertal onset only. Including the albumin excretion rate maintained the effect of control but reduced SRE for pre-pubertal onset to 1.49 (0.94-2.33). There was no evidence for a threshold effect for HbA1c concentrations at baseline and progression to proliferative retinopathy. Conclusion/hypothesis. Metabolic control and duration of diabetes are strong indicators of progression to proliferative retinopathy. Onset of diabetes before puberty could be an additional independent risk factor. ER  - 
Factors influencing remission phase in children with type I diabetes mellitus; Type 1 diabetes mellitus (DM) is characterized by selective and progressive autoimmune destruction of β-cells of the pancreas in genetically susceptible individuals. This autoimmune process takes years before the patient eventually develops clinical DM. Over the course of the disease, some patients regain their ability to secrete endogenous insulin to some extent for a period of few months to years. This partial remission phase has drawn a lot of attention since it offers a window of opportunity to intervene in an attempt to restore pancreatic β-cell function or to prevent development of the disease in the prediabetic population at risk. Several factors, including age, sex, pubertal status, metabolic findings at the time of presentation, HLA types, presence of diabetes-associated autoantibodies, have been recognized to affect the likelihood of partial or complete remission in children with type 1 DM. Several interventions in patients with new-onset type 1 DM have been tried, including oral nicotinamide and immunomodulatory and immunosuppressive treatments, in an attempt to preserve β-cell function and to promote or prolong the remission phase, but no conclusive data have been obtained so far. This review summarizes current knowledge on the factors that possibly influence the remission phase in children with type 1 DM. ER  - 
Population-based survey and analysis of trends in the prevalence of diabetic nephropathy in Type 1 diabetes; Aims: To determine the prevalence of the various stages of diabetic nephropathy in Type 1 diabetes in a population-based survey. To make direct comparison with results from previous published studies to assess current trends. Methods: Identification of all Type 1 patients using a population-based diabetes register. Urine samples for albumin assay were obtained at clinic visit and by postal request. Prevalence rates were calculated specifically for direct comparisons with previously published surveys. Results: This study and European data from the 1990s show a clear reduction in the cumulative prevalence of microalbuminuria and established nephropathy compared with surveys from Copenhagen (1985), Pittsburgh (1986-8) and Boston (1992). In North Wales in 1999 the overall cumulative prevalence of microalbuminuria was 27.2% (95% confidence interval (CI) 24.3-30.1%) and established nephropathy was 9.6% (7.7-11.5%). Comparisons with data from EURODIAB and from Spain indicated similar results, although the prevalence of microalbuminuria was lower in North Wales than in the EURODIAB study. Significantly lower rates of nephropathy were seen in more recent Swedish cohorts. Diabetic nephropathy remains more common in males. Microalbuminuria before 10 years duration of diabetes was seen at all post-pubertal ages. Conclusions: Rates of nephropathy in Europe in the 1990s are lower than a decade ago. Modern methods of management are therefore associated with demonstrable benefit at the population level. The lowest rates of nephropathy are associated with optimum glycaemic control in Swedish data, indicating the importance of metabolic in addition to haemodynamic factors. ER  - 
Comparison of dinamap 8100 with sphygmomanometer blood pressure measurement in a prepubertal diabetes cohort; Objective: To compare the conventional sphygmomanometer with the semiautomated Dinamap 8100 (Critikon, Tampa, FL, USA) for the measurement of blood pressure in prepubertal children with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Methodology: Blood pressure was measured using both methods in 61 prepubertal children (aged 8-13 years) on 189 occasions over 4 years. The measurements were compared using the Bland-Altman plot. Tracking correlations of blood pressure centiles over time were analyzed by the general estimating equation. Results: Accuracy criteria of the Association for the Advancement of Medical Instrumentation were met and a British Hypertensive Society 'B' grading was reached. Differences in systolic and diastolic blood pressure were found between the two methods (P < 0.01). For systolic blood pressure, common correlations were 0.54 (Dinamap) and 0.51 (sphygmomanometer) and for diastolic blood pressure were 0.33 and 0.42, respectively. Conclusion: The Dinamap 8100 is an acceptable alternative in clinic practice and research for prepubertal children. ER  - 
The epidemiology of type 1 diabetes in children and adolescents in north-east Poland in the period 1988-1999; Aim: The studies performed in many European countries show the increasing tendency of the incidence of type 1 diabetes in different regions of our continent. The aim of study was the evaluation of incidence of type 1 diabetes in children and adolescents in north-east Poland in the period 1988-1999 and its analysis according to sex, age, place of residence and season of diabetes diagnosis. Material and methods: Diabetic outpatient clinic and II Department of Pediatrics at Medical Academy in Białystok take medical care of children and adolescents in north-east macroregion of Poland (administrative border from 1975) with 4% population of Poland. Retrospective study was performed in the period 1.01.1988-31.12.1999. All new cases of diabetes in 0-18 years old children and adolescents were registered. Incidence index of IDDM was expressed by ratio of new diabetes cases to 100 000 age-selected population. The number of population was taken from Demographic Yearbooks 1988-1999 of Central Statistical Office. Results: During twelve-year observation of developmental age population living in north-east Poland diagnosis of diabetes type 1 was established in 421 persons: 221 boys (52.5%) and 200 girls (47.5%). Incidence index for the whole region was 7.33 (4.6-10.1). The analysis of the patient age at the diagnosis revealed rarer occurrence of diabetes in children under 5 years - 53 persons (12.5%). The type 1 diabetes was more often recognized in pubertal period - 188 persons (44.65%). The highest increase in incidence of diabetes was noted in 5-14 years old persons and it reached 17/100 000 in 1999. The analysis of the place of residence showed the increase of diabetes incidence of only in country regions. It was the same in towns. The diabetes manifested itself more often in autumn and winter than in summer period. Conclusion: 1) The incidence of type 1 diabetes mellitus in north-east Poland rised significantly from 4.6 in 1988 to 10.1 in 1999. The identification of the etiological factors and prevention of disease may be necessary. 2) The seasonal incidence of type 1 diabetes confirms the real participation of environmental factors in etiopathogenesis of the disease. ER  - 
Overweight - Problem in pediatric patients. Part II. Weight gain in insulin treatment of adolescent diabetic girls; Adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus, especially diabetic pubertal girls, have been found to be more prone to high body mass index than their non-diabetic peers. It is an important problem because it has been associated with risk of cardiovascular complications and other. The study was performed in 93 diabetic girls aged from 14 to 18 years, duration of diabetes varied from 6.4 to 7.7 years. The control group consisted of 75 non diabetic girls matched for age. Girls with type 1 diabetes are more overweight than their peers. In the non diabetic subjects BMI was 20.60±0.24 kg/m2, in the diabetic girls BMI was significantly higher, mean 22.70±0.23 kg/m2, which indicates a need of more effective prevention of obesity in diabetic children and adolescents, especially in pubertal girls. ER  - 
Increased insulin sensitivity in young, growth hormone deficient children; OBJECTIVE: Although growth hormone (GH) has well documented insulin antagonistic effects, GH deficient adults often demonstrate insulin resistance. In young GH deficient children, increased susceptibility to hypoglycaemia might indicate increased insulin sensitivity; however, this has not been documented. We therefore determined insulin sensitivity in GH deficient and GH sufficient children. DESIGN AND PATIENTS: Prospective study of children undergoing insulin tolerance tests for clinical investigation of GH or cortisol secretion at a regional Paediatric Endocrine/Growth Clinic between October 1986 and December 1997. Ninety-one tests were performed in children with GH deficiency and 142 tests in children with normal GH response to insulin (peak GH ≥ 20 IU/I). MEASUREMENTS: The standard insulin tolerance test was modified to permit frequent measurements of glucose (0, 5, 10, 15, 20, 30, 45, 60 and 90 minutes). Rate of log glucose disappearance in the first 15 minutes was calculated as a direct measure of insulin sensitivity. RESULTS: GH deficient children were more insulin sensitive than GH sufficient children (P = 0.004) and had lower glucose nadirs post-insulin (P = 0.005). Subgroup analysis revealed that these differences were greater in younger ( < 12 years old) or pre/early pubertal children. In 14 prepubertal children, exogenous sex steroid priming resulted in lower insulin sensitivity (P < 0.05) compared to nonprimed tests. CONCLUSIONS: Young GH deficient children were more insulin sensitive than children with normal GH secretion. This difference attenuated with age and puberty, possibly secondary to pubertal sex steroids; however, insulin resistance as reported in GH deficient adults, was not observed in adolescents. ER  - 
Polycystic ovary syndrome after precocious pubarche: Ontogeny of the low-birthweight effect; OBJECTIVE: Young girls with precocious pubarche (PP) are at increased risk of developing polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), including hyperinsulinism, dyslipidaemia and ovarian hyperandrogenism, particularly if PP itself was preceded by a low birthweight. Resistance to insulin is thought to be a key factor in the pathogenesis of this sequence. We aimed to elucidate the peripubertal ontogeny of the low birthweight effect on hyperinsulinism, dyslipidaemia and ovarian dysfunction after PP. PATIENTS AND DESIGN: We obtained fully longitudinal data from 51 girls with a history of PP and compared normal-birthweight (n = 26) with low-birthweight (n = 25) girls (birthweight SD score 0.0 ± 0.2 vs. - 2.4 ± 0.2) for measurements obtained at diagnosis of PP (mean age 7.0 years), in early puberty (10.4 years) and after menarche (14.3 years). MEASUREMENTS: Fasting serum lipids and lipoproteins, together with insulin responses to an oral glucose load, were assessed at diagnosis of PP, in early puberty and after menarche; serum gonadotropins were measured in early puberty and after menarche; ovarian function was examined postmenarche. RESULTS: Comparisons of endocrine-metabolic results between normal- and low-birthweight PP girls showed no detectable differences before puberty. The hypertriglyceridaemia and elevated LDL-cholesterol levels characterizing low-birthweight PP girls became detectable by early puberty; reduced insulin sensitivity was not evident until postmenarche, when the tendency to ovarian dysfunction also became obvious. Body mass indices of normal- and low-birthweight subgroups were identical in early puberty and postmenarche. CONCLUSIONS: These longitudinal data show that, in PP girls, the endocrine-metabolic risk conferred by prenatal growth restraint is not readily detectable until puberty or postmenarche, and is not attributable to a higher body mass index. ER  - 
Growth patterns and final height in congenital adrenal hyperplasia due to classical 21-hydroxylase deficiency results of a multicenter study; Background: Longitudinal growth and bone age (BA) development are the most important clinical parameters for monitoring adequate glucocorticoid replacement in children with congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH). Aim of the Study: To analyze the growth pattern of patients treated for CAH of the salt wasting (SW) and simple virilizing (SV) clinical forms; to evaluate final height as compared to reference data and individual target height; to evaluate the course of BA development. Patients and Methods: A large database of 598 patients with CAH was created in 5 Central European countries and growth data of 341 treated patients with 21-hydroxylase deficiency were analyzed retrospectively. The patients were of Caucasian origin. Centiles were constructed in a cross-sectional manner and an additional longitudinal analysis was performed in order to evaluate the pubertal growth spurt by applying particular statistical methods (Preece-Baines model). Results: The growth of SW CAH patients was impaired in infancy and early childhood (0-3 years of age), but followed normal patterns in childhood until puberty. In contrast, children with SV CAH had normal patterns of growth in infancy and early childhood and were considerably taller than healthy references during childhood. In the longitudinal study, peak height velocity in both boys and girls was normal, but it occurred at an earlier age than in the standard population. The final height of patients with CAH was reduced in comparison to both the reference and the individual target height. No correlations were found between final height and age at the start of the therapy in SV patients or between final height and year of birth. BA was advanced in both types of CAH, but more accelerated in SV patients. Conclusion: Characteristic growth patterns for treated SV and SW CAH children were identified, with a normal pubertal growth spurt and reduced final height being observed. Copyright © 2001 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Hyperinsulinemia in pre- and post-pubertal children born small for gestational age; Background: Reduced fetal growth is a potential risk factor for development of metabolic abnormalities in later life. The relationship between low birthweight and impaired glucose tolerance, type 2 diabetes and insulin resistance in adulthood has been well documented. Purpose: Assuming that fetal undernutrition is associated with insulin resistance in middle age, we elected to study whether this process may already be present in young adults and adolescents born small for gestational age (SGA). Subjects and Methods: Children born in Vall d'Hebron Hospital Infantil, Barcelona, between 1986 and 1989 and between 1978 and 1983 with birthweights below the third centile for the local standard values, were invited to participate in the present study. Of those, 51 (22 girls and 29 boys) were pre-pubertal with 9.4±0.2 years of age and 49 (29 girls and 20 boys) were post-pubertal, with 17.3±0.3 years of age. All patients underwent a standard, 2-hour oral glucose tolerance test. Insulin and glucose responses were compared with our previously published data in control children with normal birthweight. Results: The insulin response at 30 min after glucose load was significantly higher (p<0.001) in pre-and post-pubertal girls and boys formerly SGA than in controls. In addition, the girls also had a higher insulin response at 60 and 120 min. Mean serum insulin (MSI), the area under the insulin curve during the glucose challenge, was statistically increased in pre- and post-pubertal boys and girls born SGA when compared to controls. Conclusion: The presence of high insulin levels after an oral glucose challenge in children and adolescents born SGA might be considered as an early marker of subsequent insulin resistance in adulthood. Furthermore, our population offers the opportunity to study the natural course of hyperinsulinemia and its outcome. Follow-up of this cohort may be helpful in distinguishing a subset of young children and adolescents in whom therapeutic intervention could be done. Copyright © 2002 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Abdominal fat and birth size in healthy prepubertal children; BACKGROUND: Studies examining the foetal origins hypothesis suggest that small birth size may be a marker of foetal adaptations that programme future propensity to adult disease. We explore the hypothesis that birth size may relate to fat distribution in childhood and that fat distribution may be a link between birth size and adult disease. OBJECTIVE: To investigate the relationship between birth size and abdominal fat, blood pressure, lipids, insulin and insulin:glucose ratio in prepubertal children. DESIGN: Cross-sectional study, based on a birth cohort of consecutive full-term births. SUBJECTS: Two hundred and fifty-five (137 females) healthy, 7- and 8-y-old children. MEASUREMENTS: Body composition and abdominal fat was measured by dual energy X-ray absorptiometry. Lipid, glucose and insulin profiles were measured after an overnight fast and an automated BP monitor was used for blood pressure measurements. RESULTS: There was a negative association between abdominal fat and birth weight s.d. score across a range of normal birth weights (β = -0.18; 95% Cl = -0.31 to -0.04, P = 0.009) and a positive association with weight s.d. score at 7/8y (β = 0.35; 95% Cl = 0.24 to 0.46, P < 0.001). Children who were born with the lowest weight s.d. score and had the greatest weight s.d. score at 7/8y had significantly more (P < 0.001) abdominal fat, as a percentage of total fat (6.53 ± 1.3%) than those who had the highest birth weight s.d. score and the lowest weight s.d. score at 7/8y (4.14 ± 0.5%). Similar results were seen if head circumference, but not ponderal index, was used as an indicator of birth size. Increased abdominal fat was associated with higher total cholesterol:HDL cholesterol, higher triglyceride concentration and increased diastolic blood pressure. CONCLUSIONS: Birth weight independently predicted abdominal fat. Children with the highest amount of abdominal fat were those who tended to be born lighter and gained weight centiles. Increased abdominal fat was associated with precursor risk factors for ischaemic heart disease. ER  - 
Aspects of the treatment of Turner syndrome; Several issues have to be considered when taking care of girls and women with Turner syndrome. During childhood, short stature is the primary concern and treatment with growth hormone (GH) is now widely used, often in conjunction with the androgen, oxandrolone. Recent studies indicate that doses used previously in the treatment of short stature have been too small. Induction of puberty should be performed at an appropriate age with reference to the peers of the patient. In adulthood, female sex hormone substitution should be offered to possibly prevent the increased morbidity seen in Turner syndrome, which consists of increased risk of fractures and osteoporosis, a clustering of diseases like ischaemic heart disease, hypertension, stroke and Type 2 diabetes, the latter entities being involved in the insulin resistance syndrome. Furthermore, hypothyreosis are often seen and the risk of Type 1 diabetes may also be increased. Congenital malformations of the heart are frequently seen in Turner syndrome, possibly increasing the risk of dissecting aorta aneurism. Liver enzymes are often elevated in Turner syndrome and there may be an increased risk of cirrhosis of the liver. Mortality does seem to be increased in Turner syndrome and women with the 'pure' 45,X karyotype do seem to be most severely affected. In the clinical practice of Turner syndrome, a careful monitoring of glucose and bone metabolism, weight, thyroid function and blood pressure should be performed. A cardiovascular risk profile should be determined and the patient informed concerning risks and benefits from sex hormone replacement therapy. Based on the available literature, sex hormone replacement therapy is highly recommended, although at present there are no longitudinal data documenting the long-term positive effect of sex steroid substitution. However, hypogonadism is expected to explain at least part of the decreased lifespan found in Turner syndrome. Since general physicians encounter Turner patients infrequently, it is recommended that the care and treatment of Turner syndrome is centralised. ER  - 
Insulin lispro lowers postprandial glucose in prepubertal children with diabetes; Objective. This study compared the glucose-lowering effect of insulin lispro, given before or after meals, with regular human insulin given before meals in prepubertal children with diabetes. Research Design and Methods. A 3-way crossover, open-label study involving 61 prepubertal children (ages 2.9-11.4 years) with type 1 diabetes. The children were randomly assigned to receive regular human insulin 30 to 45 minutes before meals, insulin lispro within 15 minutes before or immediately after meals, combined with basal insulin. Each treatment lasted 3 months. Hemoglobin A1c levels and home glucose monitoring profiles were measured at the end of each treatment period. Results. Treatment with insulin lispro before breakfast resulted in lower 2-hour postprandial glucose values than regular human insulin (11.7 ± 4.4 mmol/L vs 15.0 ± 5.4 mmol/L). Similarly, insulin lispro given before dinner resulted in lower blood glucose values 2 hours postprandially (8.8 ± 5.0 mmol/L vs 10.8 ± 5.4 mmol/L) than regular human insulin. When insulin lispro was administered after meals, the 2-hour glucose levels were between those seen with either insulin lispro or regular human insulin given before meals. The number and types of adverse events, the rates of hypoglycemia, and the HbA1c levels did not differ among the 3 therapies. Conclusions. In prepubertal children, insulin lispro given before meals is safe and significantly lowers postprandial glucose levels after breakfast and dinner compared with regular human insulin, and insulin lispro given after the meal provides similar benefits as regular human insulin before the meal. ER  - 
A cross-sectional study of IGF-I determinants in women; Evidence is accumulating that elevated circulating insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) is related to increased cancer risk. The identification of hormonal, reproductive and lifestyle characteristics influencing its synthesis and bioavailability is of particular interest. Data from 400 women, who served as controls in two case-control studies nested within the same prospective cohort study, were combined. IGF-I, IGF-binding proteins 1, 2 and 3 (IGFBP-1, -2, -3) and insulin were measured in serum samples from all subjects and cotinine in 186 samples. Age appears to be the most important determinant of total IGF-I levels in women. Anthropometric measures, such as body mass index (BMI) or waist-to-hip ratio (WHR) do not seem to influence total IGF-I concentrations in peripheral blood, but may modulate IGF-I bioavailability through insulin-dependent changes in IGFBP-1 and -2 concentrations. Age at menarche, phase of the menstrual cycle at blood draw, parity, menopause, past oral contraceptive or hormone replacement therapy use, and tobacco smoking do not appear to exert an independent effect on IGF-I and its binding proteins. There was some suggestion that regular physical activity may increase total IGF-I and that women with positive family history of breast cancer might have higher IGF-I levels than those without such diagnosis in their relatives. © 2001 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Longitudinal study on pubertal insulin resistance.; Previous cross-sectional studies show that puberty is associated with a reduction in insulin sensitivity (S(I)), but no longitudinal studies have examined this change in detail. This study is a longitudinal study in 60 children (33 male and 27 female subjects; 32 Caucasian and 28 African-American) examined at Tanner stage I (age 9.2 +/- 1.4 years) and after 2.0 +/- 0.6 years of follow-up, by which time 29 children remained at Tanner stage I and 31 had progressed to Tanner stage III or IV. Tanner stage was assessed by physical examination. S(I), the acute insulin response (AIR), and the disposition index (DI) were determined by the tolbutamide-modified intravenous glucose tolerance test and minimal modeling, body fat mass was assessed by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry, visceral fat was determined by computed tomography, and fasting blood was analyzed for hormone levels. In children progressing to Tanner stage III, S(I) fell significantly by 32% (4.4 +/- 3.0 to 3.0 +/- 1.7 x 10(-4)min(-1)/[microIU/ml]), AIR increased by 30%, DI fell by 27%, and there was a significant increase in fasting glucose (93.5 +/- 5.0 to 97.0 +/- 4.1 mg/dl) and insulin (14.3 +/- 8.1 to 18.6 +/- 11.0 microIU/ml). In children remaining at Tanner stage I, there was a slight increase in S(I) (6.4 +/- 3.1 to 7.4 +/- 3.5 x 10(-4)min(-1)/[microIU/ml]) with no significant change in AIR or fasting glucose and insulin. The pubertal fall in S(I) was more consistent in African-Americans; remained significant after controlling for age, sex, and change in fat mass, visceral fat, and fat-free mass; and was similar in children at low, medium, and high body fat. Change in S(I) was not significantly related to change in fasting hormone levels, but change in AIR was significantly related to change in androstendione (r = 0.39; P = 0.04). Pubertal transition from Tanner stage I to Tanner stage III was associated with a 32% reduction in S(I,) and increases in fasting glucose, insulin, and AIR. These changes were similar across sex, ethnicity, and obesity. The significant fall in DI suggests conservation in beta-cell function or an inadequate beta-cell response to the fall in S(I). The fall in S(I) was not associated with changes in body fat, visceral fat, IGF-I, androgens, or estradiol. ER  - 
Serum lipid levels in an Iranian population of children and adolescents: Tehran lipid and glucose study; Data from 3148 participants aged 3-19 years (1447 males and 1701 females) in the cross-sectional phase of Tehran lipid and glucose study (February 1999-May 2000) were used to determine serum lipid levels [total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TGs), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C)] after 12-14 hours overnight fast. The values were analyzed by sex and age. Mean serum TC concentration was 170 mg/dl. TC was significantly greater in females than males (173 vs. 167 mg/dl, p < 0.05). The 90th and 95th percentiles for serum TC were 211 and 227 mg/dl, respectively. There was a significant decrease in mean TC in males during puberty. Thirty-one percent of population had TC values between 170 and 199 mg/dl and 16% had values of 200 mg/dl or greater. The mean TGs values were 103 for males and 108 mg/dl for females [non-significant (NS)]. The prevalence of high-risk values of TGs increased with age in males, reaching a peak at 17-19 years. The mean HDL-C level was 45 mg/dl. Mean HDL-C was highest at 7-10 years of age and decreased thereafter. The mean LDL-C was 102 in males and 107 mg/dl in females (NS). Twenty-two percent had LDL-C values between 110 and 129 mg/dl and 17% had values 130 mg/dl or greater. The results showed higher levels of TC, LDL-C and TGs and lower HDL-C in Tehranian children and adolescents than other studies. To design comprehensive public health programs to reduce serum lipid levels among Iranian children and adolescents, underlying factors for the high prevalence of dyslipoproteinemia should be sought. ER  - 
Inconsistent effects of the proline12 → alanine variant of the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-γ2 gene on body mass index in children and adolescent girls; Objective: To ascertain whether variation in peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-γ (PPAR-γ), a nuclear ligand-dependent transcription factor affecting both adipocyte differentiation and insulin sensitivity, influences body mass index (BMI). Design: Association study. Setting: Academic research environment. Patient(s): Children with premature pubic hair and adolescent girls with hyperandrogenism. Intervention(s): Assay for P12A and P115Q variants and measure BMI. Main Outcome Measure(s): BMI and PPAR-γ genotypes. Result(s): Fourteen subjects were heterozygous for P12A; two were homozygous. None carried the P115Q allele. No significant differences in BMI or basal androstenedione concentrations between P12 carriers and noncarriers were found. Thirty-nine subjects had BMI values at two time points; mean BMI was significantly greater in the P12A carriers at time point 2. Those P12A carriers obese at time point 1 became more obese; lean mutation carriers tended to remain lean. Annual rate of increase in BMI was significantly greater in the P12A carriers than the noncarriers. Conclusion(s): Our findings suggest that P12A may be a genetic marker indicating risk for obesity persisting into adolescence. Future studies are needed to determine whether the divergent effects of P12A persist into adulthood, to elucidate the mechanism of this effect, and to replicate our findings in other populations. © 2001 by American Society for Reproductive Medicine. ER  - 
Sexual precocity in boys: Accelerated Versus slowly progressive puberty gonadotropin-suppressive therapy and final height; The indication for GnRH analog treatment in boys with central sexual precocity is based mainly on the age of onset of puberty. Our aim was to determine whether the rate of pubertal progression should also be taken into consideration. Included in the study were 81 boys with central sexual precocity: 27 with true precocious puberty (onset at <9 yr) and 54 with early puberty (onset at 9-10.5 yr). At the time of analysis, all had completed puberty, and 66 (22 central precocious puberty, 44 early puberty) had achieved final height. Progression of puberty (Tanner stage 2 to 3) was accelerated (0.5-1.32 yr) in 42 boys (16 central precocious puberty, 26 early puberty) and slow (1.7-2.9 yr) in 39 (11 central precocious puberty, 28 early puberty). The boys with accelerated puberty had significantly elevated T levels (central precocious puberty and early puberty, P < 0.001), faster growth rate (change in height SD score/duration: central precocious puberty, P < 0.05; early puberty, P < 0.01), and faster bone maturation rate (change in bone age/ duration: central precocious puberty, P < 0.05; early puberty, P < 0.001). All 42 boys with accelerated puberty were treated with GnRH analog for 2.3-4.2 yr; the duration to completion of puberty and the height gain after therapy was discontinued were similar for the boys with central precocious puberty and early puberty. The 39 boys with slow puberty received no treatment and had a prolonged course of puberty (central precocious puberty, 5.05 ± 0.3 yr; early puberty, 4.72 ± 0.77 yr; average normal, 3.5 yr). The final height achieved in the 35 (11 central precocious puberty, 24 early puberty) untreated boys was within the range of their respective target height. The 31 (11 central precocious puberty, 20 early puberty) treated boys also achieved their genetic target height. Predictions based on the Bayley-Pinneau method at Tanner stage 3 for all boys and at discontinuation of therapy for treated boys overestimated the achieved final height (P < 0.001). In conclusion, boys with sexual precocity, whether central precocious puberty or early puberty, may have either accelerated or slow pubertal development. The decision to institute suppressive therapy should be based also on the rate of pubertal progression. Treatment should be offered only to those (either central precocious puberty or early puberty) with accelerated growth and bone maturation rates and rapid increase in T levels. Suppression therapy apparently converts accelerated puberty into nonsustained slow puberty and probably prevents compromised final height. ER  - 
Relevance of IGF-I, IGFBP-3, and IGFBP-2 measurements during GH treatment of GH-deficient and non-GH-deficient children and adolescents; Background: Little information is available on the relevance of parameters representing the insulin-like growth factor (IGF) system with regard to growth hormone (GH) treatment during childhood. In adults, high IGF-I levels were found to be associated with side effects and long-term risks. Aim/Method: Our aim was to monitor the serum levels of IGF-I, IGF-binding protein (IGFBP) 3, and IGFBP-2 during long-term GH treatment of 156 patients with GH deficiency (GHD) and of 153 non-GHD patients. We determined the extent to which the IGF parameters exceed the normal ranges and identified those parameters which are predictive of 1st-year growth. Results: In prepubertal GHD children, the levels of IGF-I, IGFBP-3, and IGF-I/IGFBP-3 exceeded the 95th centile of the reference values for this age group in 2.3, 0.3, and 7.9% of the cases, respectively, whereas in prepubertal non-GHD children, the same parameters exceeded the 95th reference centile in 20.1, 3.5, and 32.2%, respectively. In pubertal GHD children IGF-I, IGFBP-3, and IGF-I/IGFBP-3 levels exceeded the 95th reference centile in 11.1, 1.5, and 15.4%, respectively. In pubertal non-GHD children, these levels also exceeded the 95th centile in 26.7, 7.0, and 41.4%, respectively. In both GHD and non-GHD groups, however, some patients had IGF parameters which were below the reference values. Our analysis showed that, in both groups, in addition to maximum GH, all IGF parameters (IGF-I, IGFBP-3, IGF-I/IGFBP-3 ratio, IGFBP-2 or derivatives) significantly extend the scope of a calculated model for predicting 1st-year height velocity. Conclusion: For reasons of safety and optimization of GH therapy, it is essential to follow up IGF-I, IGFBP-3, and IGFBP-2 levels regularly during childhood. Copyright © 2001 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Plasma levels of insulin-like binding protein-2 in prepubertal short children and its diagnostic value in the evaluation of growth hormone deficiency; Aim: This study was designed to investigate whether determination of plasma insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-binding protein-2 (IGFBP-2) levels could be of benefit in the evaluation of childhood growth hormone (GH) deficiency (GHD). Method: A retrospective analysis was performed on 91 prepubertal children referred for investigation of short stature. Maximal GH levels in plasma after provocative stimuli were between 1.0 and 93.0 mU/l, 6 subjects exhibiting peak values of <5 mU/l. Initially a GH peak of 20 mU/l was used as a cutoff limit to define GHD and idiopathic short stature (ISS) patients. The results of GH provocative tests were compared to age- and gender-based standard deviation scores (SDS) of plasma IGFBP-2, IGF-I, IGFBP-3 and the molar ratios of the latter two to IGFBP-2. The respective normative range values for these parameters were determined in plasma samples from 353 healthy children (i.e. 171 girls, 182 boys). Results: Circulating IGFBP-2 levels did not correlate with height SDS, height velocity SDS or the peak GH levels after provocative stimuli. A weak negative relationship was found between IGFBP-2 and IGF-I. Plasma levels of IGFBP-2 in GHD patients were higher than those of ISS children, who had normal levels. Although at the optimal cutoff point of -0.71 SDS 91.5% of the GHD patients were identified correctly, a substantial proportion (71.9%) of the ISS subjects also had IGFBP-2 levels above this limit. The use of various combinations of IGFBP-2, IGF-I, IGFBP-3 and the derived ratios only slightly improved the diagnostic efficiency as compared to the results of the individual tests. Neither IGFBP-2 nor the IGFBP-3/IGFBP-2 and IGF-I/IGFBP-2 ratios were found to be related to the short- (1 year) or long-term (3 years) growth response to GH therapy. Conclusion: It is concluded that none of the tests investigated, either alone or in various combinations, are reliable in either predicting the peak GH level after provocative stimuli in prepubertal short children or in predicting their growth response to GH. Copyright © 2001 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Puberty and type 1 diabetes; Puberty is characterised by important physiological and hormonal changes. In type 1 diabetes, abnormalities in the growth hormone / insulin-like growth factor-1 (GH / IGF-1) axis play a important role. Spontaneous hyper-GH secretion arises, with reduced circulating IGF-1 levels, both leading to a reduction in insulin sensitivity. From a clinical point of view, these abnormalities are linked to a deterioration glycaemic control, often more marked in females (in whom the degree of insulin resistance during puberty seems to be higher). These abnormalities in the GH / IGF-1 axis in may constitute a risk for the development of microangiopathic complications. Optimisation of insulin therapy has practical limitations and intensification of insulin therapy poses problems (weight gain, nocturnal hypoglycaemia). Several alternative therapeutic approaches have been explored to restore insulin sensitivity, either through a direct effect on the GH / IGF-1 axis, or through drugs with a direct insulin sensitivity effect, but all these approaches remain to be confirmed and the safety and acceptability of these treatments to be established on a long-term basis. ER  - 
For an interdisciplinary management of diabetic adolescents "Between two forms of equilibrium"; For an interdisciplinary management of diabetic adolescents. The diabetologist's point of view: "Between two balances" - Insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) is difficult to live with as well as difficult to treat among adolescents. The physiological and psychological changes, that characterize the transition from childhood to adulthood, are often accompanied with deterioration in glucose control. This disequilibrium is linked, on the one hand, with the hormonal phenomena caused by puberty and, on the other hand, with behavioral factors. The strict way of living together with the daily constraints imposed by the treatment become hardly in keeping with the fundamental needs of freedom and self-sufficiency of the adolescent. The treatment of the diabetic adolescent requires a good insight in the specificities of adolescence as well as a good knowledge of diabetes at this period of life. The objectives of the treatment and the approach of the patient will have to be adapted to this age and not simply modeled on the diabetological practices commonly used with children or adults. For every patient suffering from a chronic disease, and even more so for adolescents, the treatment of the disease in its biomedical aspects is necessary but not sufficient. The interactions between the adolescent patient, his illness, his treatment and his environment work in such a way that they can only be taken into account globally. Only a close cooperation and atmosphere of give and take between this adolescent, who is in fact the principal agent of his treatment day after day, and the different persons taking care of him, can prove effective. In practice, this can be really achieved by the medical team only if their indispensable technical competence is combined with an all-important approach centered on the patient as an individual. ER  - 
Reliability of data on medical conditions, menstrual and reproductive history provided by hospital controls; To assess the reliability of data on medical conditions, and menstrual or reproductive history, a sample of 294 controls interviewed in hospital between 1989 and 1992 for an Italian case-control study on digestive tract neoplasms was re-interviewed at home during 1993. A high agreement between responses at the two interviews (κ ≥ 0.85) was observed for most medical conditions, including diabetes, cholelitiasis, hepatitis, duodenal ulcer, and, among female conditions, uterine fibromas, benign breast disease, hysterectomy and monolateral ovariectomy. For gastric ulcer and parotitis the reliability was less satisfactory (κ = 0.35 and 0.20, respectively). The agreement was high (κ > 0.80) also for age at menarche, menopausal status, type and age at menopause, number of children, age at first pregnancy, age at first and last birth, and spontaneous abortions. The agreement was lower for questions on menstrual pattern (κ = 0.68) and induced abortions (κ = 0.62). Thus, this study indicates that information on personal medical conditions, and menstrual or reproductive history, provided by hospital controls through an interviewer-administered questionnaire is satisfactory for the purposes of epidemiological inference, and that the interview setting does not substantially influence the recall of this information. Copyright © 2001 Elsevier Science Inc. ER  - 
Longitudinal changes in body fat in African American and Caucasian children: Influence of fasting insulin and insulin sensitivity; Obesity is associated with hyperinsulinemia and reduced insulin sensitivity, both risk factors for type 2 diabetes. However, it is not clear whether these risk factors occur as a result of obesity or whether they contribute to the development of obesity. The aims of this study were to determine whether baseline (first visit) or changes in insulin measures over time were associated with longitudinal changes in body fat mass during growth in children. The study group consisted of 137 children (83 Caucasian and 54 African American) with a mean age of 8.1 yr at baseline. The children returned for 3-6 annual visits for measurement of fasting insulin, insulin sensitivity (Si), and acute insulin response (AIR) from the tolbutamide-modified frequent sampling iv glucose tolerance test and for determination of body composition by dual energy x-ray absorptiometry. Data were analyzed using SAS Proc mixed growth models. Total fat mass increased with time by 15.6%/yr (P = 0.013), but the rate of increase was not significantly influenced by race, sex, or Tanner stage. However, fasting insulin (positive effect), Si (negative effect), and AIR (positive effect) were significantly associated with the rate of increase in fat mass. In conclusion, in this cohort of children, growth-related increases in body fat were significantly associated with increases in fasting insulin and AIR and decreases in Si. ER  - 
Menopause in type 1 diabetic women: is it premature?; Women with type 1 diabetes have a delayed menarche and a greater prevalence of menstrual disorders than women without diabetes. However, little is known about the menopause transition among type 1 diabetic women. The Familial Autoimmune and Diabetes (FAD) Study recruited both adult individuals who were identified from the Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh Type 1 Diabetes Registry for the years 1950-1964 and their family members. Unrelated nondiabetic control probands and their relatives were also evaluated. Women with type 1 diabetes (n = 143) compared with nondiabetic sisters (n = 186) or unrelated control subjects (n = 160) were more likely to have an older age at menarche (13.5, 12.5, and 12.6 years, respectively, P < 0.001), more menstrual irregularities before 30 years of age (45.7, 33.3, and 33.1%, respectively, P = 0.04), and a younger age at menopause (41.6, 49.9, and 48.0 years, respectively, P = 0.05). This resulted in a 6-year reduction in the number of reproductive years (30.0, 37.0, and 35.2 years, respectively, P = 0.05) for women with type 1 diabetes. Risk factors univariately associated with earlier menopause included type 1 diabetes (hazard ratio [HR] 1.99, P = 0.04), menstrual irregularities before 30 years of age (HR 1.87, P = 0.04), nulliparity (HR 2.14, P = 0.01), and unilateral oophorectomy (HR 6.51, P < 0.0001). Multivariate analysis confirmed that type 1 diabetes (HR 1.98, P = 0.056), menstrual irregularities by 30 years of age (HR 2.36, P = 0.01), and unilateral oophorectomy (HR 9.76, P < 0.0001) were independent determinants of earlier menopause in our cohort. We hypothesize that an earlier menopause, which resulted in a 17% decrease in reproductive years, is a major unstudied complication of type 1 diabetes. ER  - 
Interrelationship between estimates of adiposity and body fat distribution with metabolic and hemostatic parameters in obese children; Adiposity in childhood is often associated with metabolic abnormalities and accompanied by a dysregulation of the coagulation and fibrinolytic systems. We studied the interrelationship of metabolic and hemostatic parameters and explored their relationship with measures of adiposity and fat distribution in obese children. In 34 obese boys (mean age, 11.7 years) and 57 obese girls (12.1 years), blood samples were determined for insulin, glucose, triglycerides, fibrinogen, plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1), and tissue-type plasminogen activator-antigen (tPA-Ag). Body composition was assessed by means of impedance. Waist (Wc) and hip circumference were measured. The thickness of subcutaneous adipose tissue-layers (SAT-layers) was measured at 15 different body sites (from 1-neck to 15-calf) by means of the optical device, Lipometer. Overall subcutaneous fatness (SAT) was calculated and SAT-distribution was estimated by means of factor analysis. Significant correlations were found between different measures of adiposity and Wc with metabolic parameters. Fibrinogen was mainly associated with upper body subcutaneous fatness (factor 1) in boys. In girls, hemostatic parameters were associated with nearly all measures of adiposity and also with factor 1 and SAT. Regression analysis showed that factor 1 together with PAI-1 (both P < .0001) contribute to fibrinogen (adjusted [adj], R2 = .30). PAI-1 together with triglycerides (both P < .0001) and age (P < .04) were main determinants for tPA-Ag (adj, R2 = .41). tPA-Ag (P < .0001) together with glucose (P < .001, negative slope), fibrinogen (P < .001, negative slope), and percentage fat mass (%FM) (P < .01) contributed to PAI-1 (adj, R2 = .54). These results favor the concept of an interrelationship between metabolic and hemostatic parameters resulting from increased adiposity, perhaps influenced by pubertal development of children. Although upper body subcutaneous fatness was found to be a main correlate of metabolic and hemostatic parameters, it remains to be investigated whether this type of subcutaneous fat distribution is involved in the expression of metabolic and hemostatic risk factors and participates in the dysregulation of the hemostatic system in the state of childhood obesity. Copyright © 2001 by W.B. Saunders Company. ER  - 
Type 2 diabetes in children and adolescents: Early complications; INTRODUCTION - The prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus in children and adolescents is increasing worldwide. PATIENTS AND METHODS - Authors have investigated the prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus and of impaired glucose tolerance among the patients of the 1st Department of Pediatrics at the Semmelweis University between January 1989 and September 1998. RESULTS - During this period, 161 children with impaired glucose tolerance and 34 patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus were diagnosed. There was a female predominance. 53% of the patients were already in puberty. The majority of the patients were obese. Serum triglyceride and cholesterine levels exceeded normal values as compared to age matched healthy children. Ambulatory blood pressure monitoring revealed relative nocturnal hypertension. 35% of the patients also had microalbuminuria. CONCLUSION - In type 2 diabetes mellitus the early signs of late complications can be detected in the young. It reveals the importance of establishing the diagnosis of this disease as soon as possible. ER  - 
Subcutaneous adipose tissue layers as a stable correlate of leptin in response to short term energy restriction in obese girls; AIMS: We studied the relationship of subcutaneous adipose tissue layers (SAT-layers) measured at 15 specified body sites with leptin before and after a weight loss program for three weeks. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: In 70 obese girls, SAT-layers were measured by means of the optical device, lipometer. Fat mass (FM) was estimated by means of bioelectrical impedance. RESULTS: At the beginning of the study, all estimates of adiposity, insulin, and SAT-layers from the upper body (from 1 - neck to 6 - lateral chest) were correlated to leptin at a P-value of < 0.0001. Percentage FM together with SAT-layer 4 - upper back and insulin explained 75% of the variation in leptin (P < 0.0001). After three weeks, estimates of adiposity and leptin were reduced (all P < 0.0001). Most SAT-layers were reduced, but SAT-layers 8 - lower abdomen and 9 - lower back were significantly increased. Changes in leptin were best explained by initial leptin, but percentage change (Δ) in insulin, Δ SAT-layer 1 - neck, and Δ SAT-layer 3 - biceps contributed to the Δ leptin (adj. r2 = 0.47, P < 0.0001). In the weight-reduced state, circulating leptin was best explained by three SAT-layers and insulin (adj. r2 = 0.67, P < 0.0001). DISCUSSION: The results suggest that Δ changes in leptin are attributable to changes in the endocrine state and subcutaneous fat, and SAT-layers may serve as a stable correlate of leptin in the weight-reduced state. ER  - 
Early urinary changes in Tamm-Horsfall protein and epidermal growth factor in diabetec children; Both glomerular and tubular markers have been used to follow diabetic nephropathy. However, neither albumin nor proximal tubular markers have proven useful in prepubertal diabetes. Hence we studied two markers derived from the distal tubular cells, Tamm-Horsfall protein (THP) and epidermal growth factor (EGF). The urinary excretion of THP and EGF was examined in samples obtained during the first 20 days and 1 year after diagnosis of diabetis in children aged 4-15 years. Fourteen children without and 18 with ketonuria were examined, and 17 age-matched healthy children participated as controls. The excretion rate of EGF was increased at diagnosis, while that of THP was not. After 20 days of treatment the excretion of EGF had normalized, while the excretion of THP was decreased. Similar results were obtained after 1 year. In conclusion, in spite of good metabolic control a reduced excretion of THP persisted for at least 1 year after the diagnosis of diabetes. Whether the finding of reduced excretion of THP has any biological significance awaits further study. ER  - 
Diabetic retinopathy in childhood: Long-term follow-up by fluorescein angiography beginning in the first months of disease; Background: Little is known about minimal retinal lesions occurring in the first months of disease in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus (DM). Objective: To detect any early retinal change and to evaluate its progression in children diagnosed with type 1 DM. Patients: From 1979 to 1997 we examined by fluorescein angiography at diagnosis or within 15 months from the onset of DM 130 young patients with type 1 DM (mean age at diagnosis 10.08 ± 2.62 yr). In 112 patients follow-up by fluorescein angiography was performed every 1.26 years with a mean of 5.41 fluorescein angiographies/patient. Methods: The stage of retinopathy was graded to detect minimal lesions. We also considered sex, pubertal stage, HLA, family history of DM, disease duration and HbA1c levels. Results: At first examination, 14 out of 127 (11%) readable angiographies showed minimal retinal changes. There was no statistically significant difference between the patients with or without lesions for all parameters considered. The 112 patients examined during follow-up were divided as follows: Group A: no retinopathy at first examination; Group A1: no retinoopathy during follow-up; Group A2: retinal changes during follow-up; Group B: retinal changes at the first examination. Mean HbA1c value evaluated during the whole follow-up was lower in group A1 than in group A2. HbA1c levels at onset of the disease were significantly different in the three groups: in group A1 it was lower than in group A2 and in group B. Conclusions: The presence of early lesions in the first year of disease in 11% of patients is probably due to the method of examination, which may detect even minimal retinal changes. This may be correlated to the acute metabolic failure present at the onset of disease. The prolonged follow-up seems to demonstrate that the early changes are not necessarily a negative prognostic factor in the evolution of diabetic retinopathy. We confirm that duration of DM and metabolic control are the main factors influencing the course of retinopathy in these young patients. Early fluorescein angiography is not particularly useful in the management of children with DM. ER  - 
Peripheral nerve function is increasingly impaired during puberty in adolescents with type 1 diabetes.; OBJECTIVE--To evaluate the impact of puberty on peripheral nerve function in adolescents with type 1 diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS--Of 138 eligible patients with type 1 diabetes, 100 patients (age >9 years and diabetes duration >2 years) attending an outpatient diabetes clinic and 100 age- and sex-matched healthy control subjects took part in this cross-sectional study. Peripheral motor and sensory nerve conduction tests, cardiovascular reflex tests on the autonomic nervous system, and measurements of vibration-perception threshold (VPT) were performed. RESULTS--Nerve conduction velocity (NCV) in the distal motor and sensory nerves, the motor nerve distal latency, and the sensory nerve action potential (SNAP) amplitude were impaired in the adolescent patients with type 1 diabetes. The deterioration in motor NCV, H-reflex latency, and SNAP amplitude became more conspicuous in late puberty and postpuberty and was related to poor metabolic control. A total of 10 patients had distal diabetic polyneuropathy (DP) neurophysiologically, and these patients had significantly lower heart-rate variation in the deep breathing test than the other patients. Three of the patients with DP had peripheral neurological signs or symptoms. A slight difference in the VPT between the patients and control subjects was observed after puberty. CONCLUSIONS--Increasing subclinical motor nerve impairment can be detected during late puberty and after puberty, and sensory NCV and SNAP amplitude are reduced in adolescents with type 1 diabetes. Poor metabolic control during puberty appears to induce deteriorating peripheral neural function in young patients with type 1 diabetes. ER  - 
Candidate gene analysis in premature pubarche and adolescent hyperandrogenism; Objective: To identify genetic markers associated with premature pubarche in children and hyperandrogenism in adolescent girls. Design: Association study. Setting: Academic research environment. Patient(s): Forty children with premature pubarche (PP), 29 adolescent girls with hyperandrogenism (HA), and 15 healthy control women. Intervention(s): None.Main Outcome Measure(s): Genetic variations at five loci selected because of known associations with hyperandrogenism, insulin resistance, hyperinsulinemia, or obesity. Result(s): Heterozygosity for CYP21 mutations was identified in 14 of 40 (35%) PP, 8 of 29 (28%) HA, and 1 of 30 (3%) controls. Heterozygosity for HSD3B2 variants was identified in 3 of 40 (7.5%) PP, 5 of 29 (17%) HA, and 0/15 controls. Among the PP, 11 of 80 (14%), 5 of 80 (6%), and 7 of 80 (9%) alleles showed the IRS-1, GRL, and ADRB3 variants, respectively. Among the HA, 5 of 58 (8.6%), 3 of 58 (5%), and 6 of 58 (10%) alleles showed the IRS-1, GRL, and ADRB3 variants, respectively. Among the control participants, variant allele frequency was 1 of 30 (3.3%) for IRS-1, 2 of 30 (6.6%) for GRL, and 2 of 30 (6.6%) for ADRB3. Conclusion(s): Our findings suggest that the development of PP and HA can be associated with the occurrence of multiple sequence variants at five susceptibility loci, especially steroidogenic enzyme genes. This approach offers a novel paradigm to investigate and identify the genetic factors relevant to polycystic ovary syndrome. Copyright © 2001 American Society for Reproductive Medicine. ER  - 
Growth status of Jordanian schoolchildren in military-funded schools; Objective: To study the growth status of Jordanian boys and girls in comparison with the Centers for Disease Control (CDC) growth charts. Design: Cross-sectional study. Subjects and data collection: A total of 5826 boys and 1414 girls, aged 6.5-17.5 y, were included in the study. Height and weight were measured. Body mass index (BMI) was calculated as weight (kg) divided by the square of the height (m). Socioeconomic data were collected using a structured questionnaire. Results: The height-for-age values fluctuated between the 5th and 10th percentiles of the CDC for both sexes, and then after the age of 8.5 and 14.5 y for boys and girls, respectively, values were just above the 10th percentile. The body weight-for-age values were just above the 25th percentile for boys and fluctuated between the 25th and 50th percentiles for girls; then after the age of 14.5 and 12.5 y for boys and girls, respectively, values fluctuated between the 25th and 50th percentiles for boys and just above the 50th percentile for girls of the CDC values. BMI values for boys were just above the 50th percentile of the CDC and for girls values fluctuated between the 50th and 75th percentiles until the age of 13.5, then values matched the 75th percentile of the CDC. Conclusion: The height of Jordanian children ranges from the 5th to the 10th percentile of the CDC reference values during schools years. Girls have a tendency toward obesity after puberty. ER  - 
Age at diagnosis, glycaemic control and the development of retinopathy in a population-based cohort of Type 1 diabetic subjects in Canterbury, New Zealand; The aim was to determine the relationship between age at diagnosis, glycaemic control and the development of retinopathy in a population-based cohort of Type 1 diabetic subjects. At 1 January 1984, there were 286 individuals with Type 1 diabetes (and age of onset<20 years) on the Canterbury, New Zealand population register who had at least 2 prospective HbA1c readings (from 1 January 1984). Of these, 107 already had retinopathy. Of the 179 subjects without retinopathy at baseline 63 developed retinopathy during follow-up. After controlling for duration of diabetes (in the whole group), age at diagnosis was found to be a significant predictor of HbA1c level (P=0.001), with higher (mean±SD) baseline HbA1c in the 10-14 age group (7.95±2.14%), compared with (7.62±1.77%) in the <10 year group and (7.39±2.57%) in the >14 year group. The major predictors of retinopathy (in those without retinopathy at baseline), however were duration of diabetes (mean time to development of retinopathy decreases by 14% (95% CI 10-17%) for each year), baseline HbA1c (for each unit increase, mean time to development of retinopathy decreased by 23% (95%CI 13-32%) and HbA1c slope (average annual change). Peri-pubertal age at diagnosis (10-14 years) did not influence the time to onset of retinopathy over and above that attributed to duration of diabetes and glycaemic control. Copyright © 2001 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd. ER  - 
Elevated leptin levels are associated with excess gains in fat mass in girls, but not boys, with type 1 diabetes: Longitudinal study during adolescence; Adolescents, in particular girls, with type 1 diabetes may gain excessive weight during puberty. We present the results of a longitudinal study aimed to determine the roles of leptin and insulin in changes in body composition in subjects with type 1 diabetes and controls. Forty-six children (23 boys) with type 1 diabetes and 40 controls (20 boys) were followed from 8-17 yr of age. Height, weight, and sc skinfolds were assessed every 6 months, and a blood sample taken for leptin determination. Throughout the age range, body mass index (mean ± SEM) was greater by 1.45 ± 0.69 kg/m2 in girls and 1.46 ± 0.55 kg/m2 in boys with type 1 diabetes compared with control values. In girls with type 1 diabetes, this reflected greater percent body fat (3.2 ± 1.0%; P = 0.002), whereas in boys it related to differences in fat-free mass. Both boys and girls with type 1 diabetes had higher leptin levels adjusted for percent body fat than controls; in the girls this was related to insulin dose (regression coefficient B = 0.006 ± 0.003; P = 0.04) and greater gains in fat mass. Hyperinsulinemia and raised leptin levels are associated with gains in fat mass throughout puberty in girls, but not boys, with type 1 diabetes. ER  - 
Effects of growth hormone on growth factors after renal transplantation; Growth retardation occurs frequently in renal transplanted children (RTx) and can be improved by growth hormone (GH) treatment. This study retrospectively examines the insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) and IGF binding protein (IGFBP) profile of ten growth-retarded children previously given renal allografts, after 1 year of GH treatment period. Ten prepubertal patients (nine boys and one girl) were investigated. They had a mean chronological age (CA) of 11.4±1.1 years and a mean bone age (BA) of 7.3±0.9 years. Mean height was -3.9±0.4 SD units below the mean for CA. The mean body mass index (BMI) was 16.9±0.6 and the mean inulin clearance was 36.5±4.9 ml/min/1.73 m2. Recombinant hGH was given at 4 IU/m2/day. Plasma GH, total and free IGF-1, IGFBP-2 and -3 were measured by specific radioimmunoassay (RIA). IGFBPs were characterized by SDS PAGE techniques and ligand and immunoblot analyses. Mean velocity was markedly increased (P<0.01) after 1 year of GH therapy, expressed as SD score for BA. The range of growth response was wide. The total and free plasma IGF-1 increased (P<0.01) by about 100% (mean values after GH therapy: 95.9± 2.1 nM and 165±29 pM, respectively). Plasma IGFBP-3 concentrations increased by about 40% (mean value: 148±18 pM, P<0.01), with a concomitant increase in both intact IGFBP-3 and its 30-kDa proteolytic fragment. There was no change in plasma IGFBP-2 concentration. Both mean values of inulin clearance and BMI were unchanged during the treatment. In view of the IGF-1/IGFBP concentration changes, there should have been an even better growth response to GH therapy in these patients. This strongly suggests IGF-1 insensitivity, probably as a result of corticosteroid therapy. ER  - 
Lipodystrophy in HIV-infected children is associated with high viral load and low CD4+-lymphocyte count and CD4+-lymphocyte percentage at baseline and use of protease inhibitors and stavudine; Alterations in regional fat, often associated with abnormalities in lipid and insulin metabolism, have been reported in HIV-infected adults. To determine whether similar abnormalities occur in children with HIV, patterns of change in regional body fat distribution were determined by dual energy x-ray absorptiometry in 28 prepubertal HIV-infected children. Eight (29%) children experienced lipodystrophy (LD), defined as extremity lipoatrophy together with trunk fat accumulation. Despite a mean body weight increase of 2.9 ± 2.4 kg, children with LD experienced a mean loss of total fat in contrast to children without LD who increased total fat (-0.151 ± 0.324 versus 0.981 ± 1.041 kg; p < .01). Children with LD had significantly higher levels of HIV RNA and lower CD4 count and percentage at baseline. LD was associated with use of protease inhibitors or stavudine, (odds ratio [OR], 7.0, 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.1-45.2, p = .04; OR, 9.0, 95% CI, 1.4-59.8, p = .03, respectively). This observational study suggests that during a time in childhood when accumulation of extremity and trunk fat is expected, some HIV-infected children experience changes in fat distribution that are similar to HIV-associated LD reported in adults. Studies to determine whether HIV-infected children with changes in regional fat also experience increases in "atherogenic" lipids and insulin resistance as described in adults with HIV-associated LD are warranted. ER  - 
Etiology of early menopause; Discontinuation of ovarian cyclic activity before 40 years of age after puberty is called early menopause (EM) or post-puberty, premature ovarian failure. No reports on EM etiology exist within our geographic area (Central America and the Caribbean); therefore, determining most common causes for this disorder in our environment is our study's goal. A total of 67 women who presented with secondary amenorrhea-with confirmed FSH and LH values above 40 IU/L at least on two occasions-over a two-year period were studied. A thorough medical history was taken, and both blood and urine glycaemia, calcium and phosphate values, as well as plasma TSH and thyroxine, ACTH-induced adrenal stimulation, immunologic tests, and peripheral blood leukocyte karyotype were performed for patients for patients involving iatrogenic factors. In addition, trans-vaginal gynaecological ultrasonography, pituitary image studies, and-whenever possible-laparoscopy including ovarian biopsy were carried out. Iatrogenic causes were found in 14 patients (20.9%), because of oophorectomy in 12, and due to radiotherapy/chemotherapy in 2. Among the 53 (79.1%) patients presenting non-iatrogenic causes, most common etiology was that of idiopathic and immune origin (32.8% and 25.4%, respectively); less frequent were chromosomal (7.5%) and genetic (5.9%) causes. In summary, the percentage of women with iatrogenic EM was still high in this study, and results suggest most frequent causes in the non-iatrogenic group are those of autoimmune and idiopathic origin, the latter indicating a need for diagnostic methodology refinement. ER  - 
The impact of irradiation on growth hormone responsiveness to provocative agents is stimulus dependent: Results in 161 individuals with radiation damage to the somatotropic axis; GH provocative tests remain the mainstay for the diagnosis of GH deficiency and at present the insulin tolerance test (ITT) is the gold standard. There are, however, a variety of other stimulation tests used in clinical practice. Each necessitates the use of a specific cut-off derived from normative data, but there remains a widely held view that the implications from a "failed" test are independent of the nature of the stimulus. We sought to examine whether this is the case in individuals with evidence of radiation damage to the somatotropic axis. One hundred and sixty-one nonacromegalic patients were identified who had undergone an arginine stimulation test (AST) and an ITT within a 3-month period as part of routine testing between 1975 and 1999. They were divided into those tested before (n = 81; 48 males) and those tested after (n = 80; 36 males) completion of growth and puberty. Patients were considered for inclusion in the study if they had a history of cranial irradiation and a GH response to one provocative test of less than 8 μg/L, taken as indicating that some damage to the GH axis may have occurred. The patients were compared with 2 control groups. The first comprised 35 adults (18 males) and the second consisted of 16 prepubertal children (10 males). The median peak (range) GH response to the ITT was significantly greater (P < 0.0001) than that to the AST in the adult controls: 24.9 (4.1-76.9) vs. 12.2 (0.88-35.0) μg/L, respectively. However, in the patients the GH responses were similar (P = 0.28): 2.2 (0.2-25.7) vs. 1.4 (0.2-12.8) μg/L to the ITT and AST, respectively. In contrast to the pattern seen in the adult controls, the response to an ITT in childhood controls was of similar magnitude (P = 0.5) to that to the AST: 17.5 (8.1-40.0) vs. 19.4 (7.3-53.8) μg/L, respectively. However in the patients, the GH response to the AST was greater than that to the ITT (P < 0.0001): 4.3 (0.7-17.2) vs. 3.0 (0.4-18.1) μg/L, respectively. In summary, we have shown that the impact of irradiation on GH responsiveness to provocative agents is stimulus dependent. The GH response to an AST appears to be more resistant to the effects of irradiation than that to the ITT. When investigating the impact of irradiation on GH secretory status, the GH response to an AST may be a less sensitive guide to the functional ability of the GH axis. ER  - 
Maturational timing and overweight prevalence in US adolescent girls; Objectives. This study examined the relation of age at menarche to overweight in US adolescent girls. Methods. Effects of age at menarche and race/ethnicity on overweight were estimated via logistic regression, after adjustment for sociodemographic characteristics, in a sample of 6507 Hispanic, Black, White, and Asian American girls who participated in wave 2 of the National Longitudinal Study of Adolescent Health. Results. Overweight prevalence rates were significantly higher in early maturing adolescents of all racial/ethnic groups but highest (57.5%) among early maturing Black girls. Early maturation nearly doubled the odds of being overweight (body mass index at or above the 85th percentile). Conclusions. Greater public health attention should be focused on the high prevalence of overweight, particularly among minority female adolescents. ER  - 
Age at menarche and age at menopause in relation to hepatocellular carcinoma in women; Objectives: To assess whether age at menarche, age at menopause, parity, and selected blood hormones are associated with risk of hepatocellular carcinoma among women. Design: Case-control. Sample and setting: Data collected from 50 cases of hepatocellular carcinoma among women and 62 female controls with minor trauma or surgical conditions who attended one of three hospitals in Athens, Greece between 1995 and 1998. Methods: Researchers collected information on Reproductive variables and assayed sera samples for blood hormone levels and for chronic infection with Hepatitis B and C viruses. Results: Individuals with hepatocellular carcinoma had a lower mean age at menarche and a significantly higher mean age at menopause. After adjusting for potential confounding, age at menopause remained an important and significant predictor, increasing the risk of hepatocellular carcinoma 24% for each later year of menopause (P < 0.001). For each year that menarche was delayed, risk of hepatocellular carcinoma declined 21% (P = 0.100). Mean levels of insulin-like growth factor-1 and its binding protein were significantly reduced in cases compared with controls, while levels of oestradiol, testosterone and sex hormone binding globulin were somewhat higher among the cases. Conclusions: This study provides indirect, but converging evidence that steroid hormones in general, and oestrogens in particular, play an important role in the aetiology of hepatocellular carcinoma among women. ER  - 
Carbohydrate metabolism during long-term growth hormone treatment in children with short stature born small for gestational age; OBJECTIVE: To assess possible side-effects of long-term continuous growth hormone (GH) treatment on carbohydrate (CH) metabolism in children with short stature born small for gestational age. DESIGN: In a prospective, randomised double-blind, dose-response multicentre trial, the effect of GH treatment on CH metabolism was evaluated, comparing two GH dosages [3 vs. 6 IU/(m2 body surface-day)]. PATIENTS: Seventy-eight children with short stature (height SD-score < -1.88) born small for gestational age (birth length SD-score < -1.88) being all prepubertal with a mean (SD) chronological age of 7.3 (2.2) years before start of treatment. MEASUREMENTS: Glucose and insulin concentrations during oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTTs) and glycosylated haemoglobin (HbA1c) were measured before and during 6 years of GH treatment. RESULTS: Before treatment, the glucose response to oral glucose after 120 min was in six of the 78 children (8%) above 7.8mmol/l but below 11.1 mmol/l, indicating impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), whereas after 6 years of GH treatment, IGT was found in 4% of the children. None of the children developed diabetes mellitus. Mean fasting glucose levels had increased significantly by 0.5 mmol/l after 1 year of GH treatment, without a further increase thereafter. The 2-h area under the curve adjusted for fasting levels (AUCab) for glucose and the HbA1c levels were lower after 6 years of GH treatment compared to baseline. During GH treatment, all HbA1c levels were in the normal range. In contrast to the effects on glucose levels, GH treatment induced considerably higher fasting insulin levels and glucose-stimulated insulin levels. The increase in AUCab for insulin occurred particularly during the first year of treatment, whereas the fasting insulin levels showed a further increase from one to six years. As a result, the 30- and 120-min ratios of insulin to glucose were higher during GH treatment compared to the start of treatment. The children who remained prepubertal during the entire study period showed similar patterns in glucose and insulin levels compared to the children who entered puberty. None of the observed changes were different between the GH dosage groups. CONCLUSIONS: Continuous GH treatment during 6 years in children with short stature born small for gestational age has no adverse effects on glucose levels, even with dosages up to 6 IU/(m2 d). However, as has been reported in other patient groups, GH treatment induces higher fasting insulin levels and glucose-stimulated insulin levels, indicating relative insulin resistance. Since the consequences of long-term hyperinsulinism during childhood are unknown, careful follow-up of these GH-treated children born small for gestational age is required. ER  - 
IGF-I resistance and Turner's syndrome; The pathogenesis of growth failure in Turner's syndrome is not clear but might be attributed to a decreased sensitivity to insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) in distinct cell lines or to its reduced autocrine/paracrine action. Growth hormone (GH) therapy leads to increments in IGF-I levels and to growth acceleration. In order to evaluate the pattern of overcoming IGF-I resistance through childhood and adolescence, we measured IGF-I in 78 girls with Turner's syndrome aged 4.6-18.3 years on 160 occasions without or during GH (1 IU/kg/week [0.33 mg/kg/week]) or GH+estradiol (E2) therapy and compared them with local IGF-I standards. In untreated patients, IGF-I levels were low normal (-0.71 ± 0.18 SDS, mean ± SEM). In both GH or GH+E2 treated girls, circulating IGF-I levels were persistently supraphysiological (GH only: +3.61 ± 0.23 SDS; GH + estradiol: +3.18 ± 0.31 SDS). The age-dependent pattern of IGF-I secretion was conserved but the pubertal increase occurred earlier. The highest standardized IGF-I levels were observed at age 8.5-9.4 years (+6.62 ± 1.00 SDS) and 9.5-10.4 years (+5.61 ± 1.03 SDS). GH+E2 substitution had no additional effect on circulating IGF-I. We conclude that high IGF-I levels are needed to overcome the IGF-resistance in Turner's syndrome. They reflect the action of GH therapy but not of estrogens. The earlier pubertal increase of IGF-I might be caused by exaggerated adrenal androgens. ER  - 
Final height and growth hormone secretion after bone marrow transplantation in children; Growth hormone (GH) deficiency has been regarded as a principal determinant for growth failure following bone marrow transplantation (BMT). We herein analyzed final height and GH secretion in the patients who received BMT during childhood. The study on final height in 30 patients (23 males; 19 with malignant disease) who underwent BMT before or at the onset of puberty showed the following findings: (1) Final height SD score (SDS) significantly decreased compared to pretreatment height SDS. (2) Patients who underwent BMT before the age of 10 years showed significantly greater reduction in height SDS compared to those who received after the age of 10 years. (3) The type of disease or a difference in preconditioning regimen did not influence the outcome of growth. (4) No patient showed GH deficiency. The study on GH secretion included 71 patients who had been followed for more than 5 years and who underwent insulin tolerance test more than twice following BMT. Thirteen patients experienced poor GH response at least once. Two of these patients had poor GH response repeatedly. In conclusion, children who undergo BMT at younger age have a higher risk of growth failure, and GH deficiency is not a major contributing factor for growth impairment following BMT. ER  - 
Body mass, plasma leptin, glucose, insulin and C-peptide in offspring of diabetic and non-diabetic mothers; Objective: The aim was to investigate the relationship between body mass index (BMI), plasma leptin, glucose, insulin and C-peptide levels in the offspring of diabetic mothers (DM) and non-diabetic healthy mothers (HM). Design: Seventy-two offspring (37 girls and 35 boys, age 4-20 years) of DM were investigated in a prospective study. Those 14-16 years old (Tanner stage II-IV) were compared with age-matched offspring of HM (33 girls and 33 boys). Results: BMI strongly correlated with plasma leptin concentration in the offspring of both DM and HM children. There were higher BMI and plasma leptin and glucose levels in DM than in HM children. There was no difference in plasma insulin or C-peptide levels between HM and age-matched DM children. There was a highly significant positive correlation between plasma leptin and C-peptide in boys of DM. Conclusions: The higher plasma leptin found in the offspring of DM reflects their higher BMI. A moderately high but still normal glycemia might be a preclinical sign of insulin resistance or other disturbance of glucoregulation. ER  - 
Unresolved problems concerning optimal therapy of puberty in children with chronic renal diseases; Many children with chronic renal insufficiency (CRI) show growth retardation and severely delayed pubertal development. Successful renal transplantation (RTx) also rarely results in full growth rehabilitation. Pubertal height gain in CRI patients is only 58% and 48% of that observed in late-maturing boys and girls, respectively. Growth retardation in both CRI and RTx patients is not the result of abnormal GH secretion or decreased levels of IGF-I, but rather of elevated levels of IGFBPs inhibiting the bioavailability of the IGFs. In RTx patients prednisone may also inhibit growth directly via inhibition of bone matrix formation. Several studies have convincingly shown that GH therapy at a dose of 4 IU/m2/day results in a sustained improvement of growth in prepubertal and pubertal children with CRI and in growth-retarded prepubertal and pubertal post-transplant patients. The following consensus was reached concerning optimal therapy of puberty in children with chronic renal disease. GH therapy does not lead to an earlier start of puberty. It is safe to give GH to RTx patients if transplant function is stable. GH therapy will not accelerate bone maturation and can improve the final height of children with CRI and after RTx. Increasing the GH dose above 4 IU/m2/day in pubertal RTx patients does not increase height gain or final height and is not advised as it may increase insulin resistance. GH should best be started before the start of the pubertal growth spurt but will still be effective in RTx patients with advanced bone age. GH testing should not be a prerequisite for starting GH therapy. It is important to optimise other therapies during puberty. During GH therapy of RTx patients use minimum daily, not alternate-day, steroid dosing. Further research is still required on the possible long-term effects of GH therapy in children with chronic diseases. Two studies demonstrated improved long-term growth and final height within the target height range, without significant side effects. Renal graft function did not deteriorate more than in matched controls. A GH dose of 4 IU/m2/day proved adequate. ER  - 
Development according to pubertal stage in Brazilian children and adolescents with short-term diabetes; The anthropometric status and metabolic control of 51 recently diagnosed Brazilian schoolchildren with type 1 diabetes (DM1), during the first 5 years of the disease, were compared with those of normal children (60 girls and 132 boys) belonging to the same environmental condition and pubertal stage. Metabolic control was evaluated on the basis of fasting plasma glucose (FPG) and HbA1c levels. The criteria of the National Center for Health Statistics were used for anthropometric evaluation. FPG (205 ± 51 mg/dl for girls vs 200 ± 34 mg/dl for boys) and % above upper normal limit of median HbA1c (1.8% for girls vs 2.5% for boys with diabetes) were not significantly different during follow-up. The Z-score of the last height evaluation was lower in the girls' group (-0.14 vs -0.53, P<0.05). By forward stepwise analysis, the Z-score of the initial height was statistically significant as a determinant factor for height at the end of the study in both girls and boys with DM1. The Z-score of weight at last evaluation was not different from that at diagnosis in either sex. However, analysis according to pubertal stage showed a tendency to a weight increase in the girls. The weight recovery and height loss in girls with DM1 follows the trend of the normal Brazilian population. ER  - 
Racial divergence in adiposity during adolescence: The NHLBI Growth and Health Study.; BACKGROUND: Black women are particularly vulnerable to obesity, with a prevalence rate of >50%. The higher mortality and morbidity from cardiovascular disease, stroke, and diabetes have been attributed, in part, to their obesity. In recent years, a particular public health concern is the increasing secular trend in obesity with an even greater racial disparity, especially in girls and women. Between the early 1960s and late 1980s, the prevalence of obesity tripled in young black girls 6 to 11 years of age, while it doubled in white girls. Similarly, both overweight and obesity in adolescent girls 12 to 17 years of age also increased, with a greater increase again seen in adolescent black girls. This secular trend in obesity with a greater increase in black girls signals a potentially grave future chronic disease burden on black women, which is already higher than in white women. The increasing occurrence in children and adolescents of noninsulin-dependent diabetes, traditionally viewed as an adult-onset condition, may be a consequence of the currently high prevalence of obesity in American youth. Not surprisingly, this condition is seen more frequently among black youths. Prepubescent black girls are generally leaner than age-comparable white girls, but by 20 years of age, black women are considerably heavier than are white women. Thus, it is assumed that the racial disparity in adiposity evolves during adolescence. However, the specific age at which this occurs and underlying factors are yet to be identified because of the current paucity of longitudinal cohort data. OBJECTIVES: In 1985, the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute (NHLBI) initiated a 10-year longitudinal multicenter study (the NHLBI Growth and Health Study [NGHS]) to investigate the development of obesity in black and white girls during adolescence and its environmental, psychosocial, and cardiovascular disease risk factor correlates. The purpose of this report is to examine the natural history of adiposity and weight accretion during adolescence in a biracial cohort of girls to investigate the evolution of the racial divergence in adiposity and to examine the relationships between increases in adiposity and pubertal maturation, energy intake, and physical activity. PARTICIPANTS AND SETTING: A total of 2379 black (51%) and white (49%) girls, 9 to 10 years of age, were recruited from public and parochial schools in Richmond, California, and Cincinnati, Ohio, and from families enrolled in a large health maintenance organization in the Washington, DC area. Participant eligibility was limited to girls and their parents who declared themselves as being either black or white and who lived in racially concordant households. DESIGN AND STATISTICAL ANALYSIS: The NGHS is a multicenter prospective study of black and white girls with annual visits from 9 to 10 years of age through 18 to 19 years of age. The follow-up rate was 89% at the 10th annual visit. Skinfold measurements were obtained at the triceps, suprailiac, and subscapular sites with Holtain calipers. Sexual maturation was assessed by trained registered nurses. The onset of menarche was ascertained annually by questionnaire. All clinical assessments were conducted using a common protocol by centrally trained staff. Longitudinal regression (generalized estimating equations) models were used to examine the relationship between adiposity and race, age, pubertal maturation, daily energy intake, and physical activity. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The main outcome measure was the sum of skinfolds (SSF) at the triceps, subscapular, and suprailiac sites as an index of adiposity for comparison between the 2 racial groups. Body mass index (BMI; weight in kilograms divided by height in meters, squared) distributions were examined by age and race. RESULTS: Racial differences in SSF, unadjusted for maturation, were evident at 10 years of age. For each chronological age, there was a higher proportion of black girls with more advanced pubertal maturation than white girls. The 15th percentiles for SSF were similar and remained thus throughout the study. The median for SSF for black girls, although similar to the median SSF of white girls at 9 years of age, became greater for black girls at 12 years of age (36 mm vs 32.5 mm) and at age 19 years the difference was 6 mm (49.5 mm vs 43.5 mm). In contrast, the difference in the 85th as well as the 95th percentile values for SSF were substantially higher in black girls at all ages (9 mm and 10 mm, or 18% and 15%, respectively, at age 9 years) and these racial differences widened with age (20 mm and 26 mm, or 25% and 24%, respectively, by age 19 years). The racial difference in the median BMI increased from 0.4 to 2.3 kg/m(2) between ages 9 and 19 years. Unlike SSF at the 15th percentile, the BMI for lean 9-year-old black girls was ~3% higher than whites. (ABSTRACT TRUNCATED) ER  - 
Menstrual patterns and risk of adult-onset diabetes mellitus; We examined the association between menstrual patterns and risk of developing adult-onset diabetes in a prospective study of 668 white, college-educated women who completed menstrual diaries throughout their reproductive years. We calculated summary measures of cycle length and variability and bleeding duration for ages ≤22, 23-27, 28-32, and 33-37 years. The analysis included 35,418 person-years of follow-up and 49 self-reported cases of diabetes (median age at diagnosis, 63 years). There was no association between diabetes risk and age at menarche, mean cycle length, cycle variability, or frequency of long cycles (>42 days). Longer bleeding periods in the mid- and late reproductive years were somewhat associated with an increased risk of diabetes (adjusted rate ratio 1.4, 95% confidence interval 1.0-1.8 per day increase in bleeding duration for menses during ages 28-32). These results do not support the association of long or irregular menstrual cycles with post-menopausal diabetes incidence, but do suggest a possible association of longer bleeding duration with subsequent onset of diabetes. (C) 2000 Elsevier Science Inc. ER  - 
Risk of nephropathy can be detected before the onset of microalbuminuria during the early years after diagnosis of type 1 diabetes; OBJECTIVE - The early detection of a rise in albumin excretion within the normal range could permit early intervention to prevent the development of microalbuminuria (MA) in genetically susceptible subjects with type 1 diabetes. In the Oxford Regional Prospective Study, we prospectively examined urine albumin excretion during the first years after diagnosis of childhood type 1 diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - Between 1986 and 1995, 511 subjects aged <16 years were recruited at diagnosis and followed for a median of 6 years (range 1-14). In 78 subjects (designated cases), an annual assessment of the albumin-to-creatinine ratio (ACR) in three morning first-void urine samples detected MA (males: ACR ≥3.5 mg/mmol, females: ACR ≥4.0 mg/mmol in two of three urine samples). In 63 of these subjects and 396 normoalbuminuric diabetic control subjects, rates of change of the ACR were calculated as the slope of the ACR over diabetes duration. RESULTS - The baseline ACR (median [interquartile (IQ) range]), as measured at 1-2.5 years' duration of diabetes, was higher in microalbuminuric subjects than in the normoalbuminuric subjects (1.0 mg/mmol [0.6-2.1], n = 52, vs. 0.8 mg/mmol [0.6-1.2], n = 303; P = 0.02). The rate of increase of the ACR in the years before the onset of MA was higher in the microalbuminuric subjects than in the normoalbuminuric subjects (70% per year [37-149], n = 63, vs. 1% per year [-9 to 13], n = 396; P < 0.001). The mean HbA(1c) level after the onset of puberty was weakly correlated with the rate of change of the ACR (r = 0.11, P = 0.024, n = 418). CONCLUSIONS - Higher levels of ACR within the first 2 years after diagnosis and a significantly higher rate of increase of the ACR within the first 5 years from diagnosis can be detected in subjects who subsequently develop MA. HbA(1c) is a determinant of risk for MA, but pubertal factors have a greater effect on rates of progression of urine albumin excretion during adolescence in this cohort. ER  - 
Does dietary protein intake correlate with markers suggestive of early diabetic nephropathy in children and adolescents with Type 1 diabetes mellitus?; Aims. To examine the relationship between dietary protein intake and possible early markers of diabetic nephropathy (creatinine clearance (CrCl), kidney volume and albumin excretion rate (AER)). Methods. One hundred and forty-five subjects with diabetes for 5-10 years, divided into three pubertal groups, participated. Kidney volume was measured by ultrasound, and serum creatinine and HbA(1c) were assayed. Two or three 24-h urine collections were obtained for albumin, creatinine and urea excretion rates. Dietary protein intake was estimated from urinary urea nitrogen excretion rate. Glomerular filtration rate was estimated by creatinine clearance. Results. Mean protein intake was 1.22 ± 0.48 g.kg-1.day-1 protein intake was significantly higher in males than females (P < 0.0001) and highest in pre-pubertal compared to mid-pubertal and post-pubertal subjects (P < 0.001). In multiple regression analysis, protein intake was positively associated with CrCl (P < 0.0001), and male sex (P < 0.0001) and negatively associated with body surface area (P = 0.0013) and age (P = 0.01). Kidney volume and AER were not related to dietary protein intake. Conclusions. This cross-sectional study failed to show a significant relationship between dietary protein intake and markers of early nephropathy, other than CrCl. However, a longitudinal, prospective study is required to definitively assess the role of protein intake in the evolution of diabetic nephropathy. ER  - 
Serum insulin-like growth factor-I and breast cancer; Insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) is a systemic hormone with potent mitogenic and anti-apoptotic properties, which could influence the proliferative behavior of normal breast cells. Limited epidemiological observations suggest that the hormone may play a role in the etiology of breast cancer, especially at pre-menopausal ages. In a prospective case-control study nested within a cohort of New York City women, IGF-I, IGF-binding protein 3 (IGFBP-3) and C peptide were measured in frozen serum samples from 172 pre-menopausal and 115 post-menopausal subjects who were subsequently diagnosed with breast cancer. Subjects were eligible if diagnosed 6 months or more after recruitment into the study (7 to 120 months). Cohort members who matched the cases on age, menopausal status, date of blood sampling and clay of menstrual cycle at blood collection served as controls. Post-menopausal breast cancer was not associated with serum IGF-I, IGFBP-3 or C-peptide levels. However, the risk of breast cancer increased with increasing serum concentrations of IGF-I in pre-menopausal women. The odds ratio (OR) for the highest quartile of IGF-I (>256 ng/ml) compared to the lowest (< 168 ng/ml) was 1.60 [95% confidence interval (Cl) 0.91-2.81]. The OR decreased to 1.49 (95% Cl 0.80-2.79) after adjustment for IGFBP-3. In analyses restricted to subjects who were pre-menopausal at the time of blood sampling and whose cancer was diagnosed before age 50, the top vs. bottom quartile OR increased appreciably to 2.30 (95% Cl 1.07-4.94). Adjustment for IGFBP-3 reduced the OR to 1.90 (95% Cl 0.82-4.42). There was no association between pre-menopausal breast cancer and IGFBP-3, IGF-I: IGFBP-3 ratio or non-fasting levels of C peptide. Elevated circulating levels of IGF-I may be an indicator of increased risk of breast cancer occurring before age 50. (C) 2000 Wiley-Liss, Inc. ER  - 
Insulin-like growth factors and bone mineral density in African American and white girls; Objectives: African American children have greater bone mineral density (BMD) and bone mineral content (BMC) than white children. We examined the hypothesis that differences in insulin-like growth factors (IGFs) are important determinants of BMD during childhood. Methods: We measured IGFs and IGF binding proteins in 59 African American and 59 white girls matched for age, body mass index, socioeconomic status, and pubertal stage. BMD and BMC were determined by dual emission x-ray absorptiometry. Results: African American girls had greater total BMD (P < .001), BMC (P < .01), total IGF-1 (P < .001), and free IGF-1 (P < .01) than white girls. IGFBP-1, IGFBP-2, and IGFBP-3 were similar in both groups or lower in African Americans. IGF-1 was positively correlated with IGF-2 in white girls (P = .012) but was negatively correlated with IGF-2 in African Americans (P = .015). IGF-1 and free IGF-1 were positively correlated with BMD/BMC. Multiple regression analyses showed 80% of the variance in BMC could be accounted for by the use of body weight, height, and IGF-1 in the model. When IGF-1 was included as a factor, race did not add to the model's predictive power. Conclusion: IGF-1 and free IGF-1 are greater in African American than in white girls and may contribute to the greater BMD of African Americans. ER  - 
Diet in the epidemiology of endometrial cancer in Western New York (United States); Objectives: We examined diet and risk of endometrial cancer among women in the Western New York Diet Study (1986-1991). Methods: Self-reported frequency of use of 172 foods and beverages during the 2 years before the interview and other relevant data were collected by detailed interviews from 232 endometrial cancer cases and 639 controls, frequency-matched for age and county of residence. Odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) were estimated by unconditional logistic regression, adjusting for age, education, body mass index (BMI), smoking history, hypertension, diabetes, age at menarche, parity, oral contraceptive use, menopausal status, menopausal estrogen use, and energy. Results: Risks were reduced for women in the highest quartiles of intake of protein (OR 0.4, 95% CI: 0.2-0.9), dietary fiber (OR 0.5, 95% CI: 0.3-1.0), phytosterols (OR 0.6, 95% CI: 0.3-1.0), vitamin C (OR 0.5, 95% CI: 0.3-0.8) folate (OR 0.4, 95% CI: 0.2-0.7), alpha-carotene (OR 0.6, 95% CI: 0.4-1.0), beta-carotene (OR 0.4, 95% CI: 0.2-0.6), lycopene (OR 0.6, 95% CI: 0.4-1.0), lutein + zeaxanthin (OR 0.3, 95% CI: 0.2-0.5) and vegetables (OR 0.5, 95% CI: 0.3-0.9), but unrelated to energy (OR 0.9, 95% CI: 0.6-1.5) or fat (OR 1.6, 95% CI: 0.7-3.4). Conclusions: Our results support previous findings of reduced endometrial cancer risks associated with a diet high in plant foods. ER  - 
Insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I), insulin-like growth factor binding proteins (IGFBP) and insulin-like growth factor type I receptor in children with various status of chronic renal failure; Chronic renal failure in childhood causes severe growth retardation. The aim of the study was to identify whether changes in the IGF system could account for the growth retardation observed in children with chronic renal failure. Insulin-like growth factor (IGF-I) serum concentrations, insulin-like growth factor binding proteins (IGFBP) and/or IGF-I binding to erythrocyte type I receptor of IGF were analysed in 69 children (mean age 11.6 ± 4.3 years) with chronic renal failure and growth retardation (mean height -2.6 ± 1.8 SD). The study population was separated into three groups, according to their renal status, children on conservative treatment (CRF group: n = 30), on haemodialysis (ESRD group: n = 26) and those transplanted (RT group: n = 13). Nineteen of these children, some from each of the three groups, received recombinant growth hormone therapy (rhGH). Mean basal IGF-I serum concentrations were -0.7 ± 1.2 SD in the CRF group, + 2.1 ± 3 SD in the ESRD group and + 1.1 ± 2 SD in the RT group. Under rhGH therapy, as height velocity improved, mean IGF-I concentrations increased up to + 3.1 ± 0.6 SD in the CRF group, to + 6.9 ± 2.8 SD in the ESRD group and to + 3.9 ± 2 SD in the RT group. Basal IGFBP-3 levels, studied by Western Ligand Blot were low in the CRF group and high in the ESRD and normal in the RT groups, whereas IGFBP-2 and a 30-32 kDa IGFBP were always high in all cases. Western immunoblot analysis showed that this 30-32 kDa IGFBP was mostly composed of IGFBP-1 and IGFBP-6 in all three groups, but IGFBP-6 was particularly abundant in the ESRD group. IGFBP-6 concentrations assessed by RIA were moderately increased in CRF children (392 ± 177 ng/mL) and very high in children on ESRD (2094 ± 1525 ng/mL) when compared to normal values (131 ± 42 ng/mL). Binding studies of IGF type I receptor showed that there was no particular difference in IGF-I binding between renal failure patients and normal children. In poorly growing children, especially in ESRD children and to a lesser extent in RT children, high concentrations of IGF-I and IGFBP-1, 2, 3 and 6, suggest a resistance mainly by a sequestration mechanism. Moreover, in the CRF group, especially in the younger children, low levels of IGF-I and IGFBP-3 are evocative of an associated resistance at the GH receptor level. © 2000 Harcourt Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Gender differences in the prevalence of metabolic complications in familial partial lipodystrophy (Dunnigan variety); Familial partial lipodystrophy, Dunnigan type (FPLD; Mendelian Inheritance in Man #151660), is an autosomal dominant disorder characterized by loss of sc fat from the extremities and trunk since puberty and predisposition to insulin resistance and its complications. However, for lack of recognition of affected men, previous studies could not ascertain any gender differences in phenotypic expression. Therefore, anthropometric variables and prevalence of diabetes mellitus, dyslipidemia, hypertension, and atherosclerotic vascular disease were compared among 17 postpubertal men and 22 women with FPLD from eight pedigrees. All individuals completed a questionnaire, and fasting blood was analyzed for glucose, insulin, and lipoprotein concentrations. Both affected men and women had similar patterns of fat loss. Compared with the affected men, women had higher prevalence of diabetes (18% and 50%, respectively; P = 0.05) and atherosclerotic vascular disease (12% and 45%, respectively; P = 0.04) and had higher serum triglycerides (median values, 2.27 and 4.25 mmol/L, respectively; P = 0.02) and lower high-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations (age-adjusted means, 0.94 and 0.70 mmol/L, respectively; P = 0.04). The prevalence of hypertension and fasting serum insulin concentrations were similar. In conclusion, women with FPLD are more severely affected with metabolic complications of insulin resistance than men. These observations raise the possibility that women with generalized and regional obesity may also have more severe metabolic sequelae of insulin resistance. ER  - 
Carbohydrate metabolism during long-term growth hormone (GH) treatment and after discontinuation of GH treatment in girls with Turner syndrome participating in a randomized dose-response study; To assess possible side-effects of GH treatment with supraphysiological doses on carbohydrate (CH) metabolism in girls with Turner syndrome (TS) during long term GH treatment and after discontinuation of GH treatment, the results of oral glucose tolerance tests and hemoglobin A1c measurements were analyzed in 68 girls with TS participating in a randomized dose-response trial. These previously untreated girls, aged 2-11 yr, were randomly assigned to 1 of 3 GH dosage groups: group A, 4 IU/m2·day (∼0.045 mg/kg·day); group B, first year, 4 IU/m2·day; thereafter, 6 IU/m2·day (∼0.0675 mg/kg·day); group C, first year, 4 IU/m2·day; second year, 6 IU/m2·day; thereafter, 8 IU/m2·day (∼0.090 mg/kg·day). After the first 4 yr, girls 12 yr of age or older started with 5 μg/kg BW·day 17β-estradiol for induction of puberty. To assess the effects of long term high dose GH treatment on CH metabolism, the 7-yr data from the oral glucose tolerance tests in 9 girls of group C were evaluated (group C1). To determine whether the changes in CH metabolism during GH treatment would persist after discontinuation of GH treatment, the data for 28 girls who had reached adult height (group A, n = 9; group B, n = 10; group C, n = 9) were evaluated at baseline, after 4 yr of GH treatment, and 6 months after discontinuation of GH. Seven-year data for group C1 showed that glucose levels did not significantly change during GH treatment, whereas fasting insulin levels as well as glucose-induced insulin levels increased significantly. The data for the 28 girls who were treated with GH for a mean (SD) period of 85.3 (13.3) months demonstrated that the GH-induced higher insulin levels decreased to values close to or equal to pretreatment values after discontinuation of GH treatment. Changes in CH variables were not significantly related to the GH dose. Hemoglobin A1c levels never showed an abnormal value. The prevalence of impaired glucose tolerance was low, and none of the girls developed diabetes mellitus. In conclusion, long term GH treatment with dosages up to 8 IU/m2·day in girls with TS has no adverse effects on glucose levels, but induced higher levels of insulin, indicating relative insulin resistance. The increased insulin levels during long term GH treatment decreased after discontinuation of GH treatment to values close to or equal to pretreatment values. Although the reversibility of the effects of long term GH is reassuring, the consequence of long term hyperinsulinism is still unknown. ER  - 
Insulin, androgen, and gonadotropin concentrations, body mass index, and waist to hip ratio in the first years after menarche in girls with regular menstrual cycles, irregular menstrual cycles, or oligomenorrhea; Data on changes in hormone concentrations during the first years after menarche are scarce. We studied the relation between gynecological age (age minus age at menarche), hormone concentrations, and body measurements from the 1st to the 6th yr after menarche in 229 observations of girls with regular menstrual cycles, 157 observations of girls with irregular menstrual cycles, and 104 observations of girls with oligomenorrhea. Body Mass Index, waist circumference, hip circumference, LH, androstenedione, testosterone, and dehydro-epiandrosterone sulphate increased significantly (linear regression, P < 0.05) by gynecological age in all menstrual cycle pattern groups. For PRL and estradiol a significant increase with gynecological age was only doc umented in the regular menstrual cycle group and for waist to hip ratio only in the irregular menstrual cycle group. No significant correlation could be documented between gynecological age and overnight fasting insulin concentrations or glucose to insulin ratio. We found no significant correlation between insulin concentrations or glucose to insulin ratio and androgen concentrations. Significant positive correlations were found between LH and androgens. LH and androgen levels increase during the first years after menarche, and reference values should be adjusted for gynecological age. In these years, no significant correlation between hyperinsulinemia and hyperandrogenemia could be documented. ER  - 
Diabetic nephropathy and retinopathy in patients aged up to 30 years with diabetes mellitus type 1; Diabetic microangiopathy is a cause of retinopathy and nephropathy. Among 130 patients aged 10.5-30 years, with diabetes mellitus type 1 lasting 1.5-24 years microalbuminuria was present in 25.6% macroalbuminuria in 7.2%, simple retinopathy in 30.4%, proliferative retinopathy in 6.3%. There was a stastically significant correlation between the incidence of nephropathy, retinopathy and hyperglycemia, duration of diabetes, puberty, blood pressure and lipid abnormalities. The incidence of microalbuminuria anal simple retinopathy was significantly higher after 10 years of diabetes. Proteinuria and proliferative retinopathy were present only after 10 years of diabetes mellitus. Microangiopathy was absent in patients with good metabolic control (HbA1c < 7%) and its incidence was significantly higher in these with poor metabolic control (HbA1c>8%) and ketoacidosis. Only patients with HbA1c>8% had proteinuria and proliferative retinopathy. Proteinuria anal proliferative retinopathy coexisted with lipid abnormalities. ER  - 
Clinical and metabolic presentation of the lipodystrophic syndrome in HIV-infected children; Objective: To investigate body fat distribution and glucose and lipid metabolism in HIV-infected children with the aim of describing the lipodystrophic syndrome in children. Design: Cross-sectional study including 39 HIV-infected children aged 3-18 years. Main outcome measures: Clinical lipodystrophy was defined as peripheral fat wasting (facial and/or buttock and/or limb atrophy with arm skinfold thickness lower than the third percentile of the reference values for sex and age) and/or truncal adiposity (breast enlargement and/or buffalo neck and/or relative abdominal obesity with trunk: arm skinfold ratio > 2 standard deviations). Fasting serum lipid concentrations were measured and an oral glucose tolerance test was performed. Results: Of 39 HIV-infected children, lipodystrophy was observed in 13 children (33.3%): eight with truncal lipohypertrophy, three with peripheral lipoatrophy and two with combined lipodystrophy. Combined lipodystrophies were observed only in adolescents with a more severe presentation than in prepubertal children. Lipodystrophic children had higher fasting insulinaemia (7.0 ± 8.5 versus 3.0 ± 2.3 μU/ml; P = 0.07), suggesting a certain degree of insulin-resistance. Hypercholesterolaemia (23% versus 15%; P = 0.59) and hypertriglyceridaemia (15% versus 11%; P = 0.76) were observed with the same proportion in the lipodystrophic as in the non-lipodystrophic groups; 23% of the non-lipodystrophic children had dyslipidaemia. Conclusion: The lipodystrophic syndrome prevails in HIV-infected children in the three clinical forms initially described in adults but appears less severe before the initiation of puberty. Insulin-resistance occurs in lipodystrophic children only, whereas dyslipidaemia exists in non-lipodystrophic children as well, suggesting that dyslipidaemia could reflect subclinical alteration of the adipose tissue. (C) 2000 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. ER  - 
Vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) in children, adolescents and young adults with type 1 diabetes mellitus: Relation to glycaemic control and microvascular complications; Aims To evaluate serum levels of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) in a large group of children, adolescents and young adults with Type 1 diabetes mellitus to investigate whether increased VEGF concentrations are associated with long-term glycaemic control and microvascular complications. Methods: The study involved 196 patients with Type 1 diabetes mellitus (age range 2-24 years, onset of diabetes before the age of 12 years, duration of disease longer than 2 years), without clinical and laboratory signs of microvascular complications; they were divided into three groups (group 1 - n = 37, age < 6 years; group 2 - n = 71, age 6-12 years; group 3 - n = 88-age > 12 years). Fifty-three adolescents and young adults (age 16.1-29.7) with different grades of diabetic retinopathy and microalbuminuria were also selected (group 4). A total of 223 healthy controls were matched for age and sex with each group of patients with diabetes mellitus. Results: VEGF serum levels were significantly increased in pre-school and prepubertal children with diabetes as well as in pubertal patients compared to controls. VEGF concentrations were markedly increased in adolescents and young adults with microvascular complications compared with both healthy controls and diabetic patients without retinopathy or nephropathy. Multivariate analysis showed that elevation of VEGF in serum was an independent correlate of complications. One-year mean HbA(1c) values were significantly correlated with VEGF concentrations (r = 0.372; P < 0.01). Children with HbA(1c) levels greater than 10% had significantly higher VEGF concentrations when compared with matched patients whose HbA(1c) levels were lower than 10%. In poorly controlled diabetic children (HbA(1c) > 10%), long-term (2 years) improvement of glycaemic control (aiming at HbA(1c) < 7%) resulted in a significant reduction of VEGF levels. Conclusions: VEGF serum concentrations are increased in prepubertal and pubertal children with diabetes. Glycaemic control influences VEGF serum levels. Severity of microvascular complications is associated with marked increase of VEGF concentrations in the serum of these patients. ER  - 
Prevalence of abnormal urinary albumin excretion in adolescents and children with insulin dependent diabetes: The MIDAC study; Objective - To examine the prevalence of microalbuminuria, defined as an albumin to creatinine ratio (UAC) equal to or greater than 2 mg/mmol in at least two of three early morning urine samples, in adolescents and children with insulin dependent diabetes mellitus. Design - Centrally coordinated, cross sectional, multicenter study in paediatric diabetes outpatient clinics in the United Kingdom and Republic of Ireland. Methods - Blood and urine samples collected between July 1997 and July 1998 were analysed at a central reference laboratory for HbA(1C) using high performance liquid chromatography, and for urinary albumin and creatinine concentrations from which the UAC was derived (mg/mmol). Clinical data were collected locally and coordinated centrally. Subjects - Patients, aged between 10 and 20 years, with insulin dependent diabetes mellitus for more than a year, attending diabetes outpatient clinics. Results - A total of 1007 patients, comprising 69% of the eligible population of 1451, provided three early morning urine samples. Ninety eight (9.7%) had micro-albuminuria using the currently accepted screening cut off of UAC ≥ 2 mg/mmol in at least two of three early morning urine samples. Significantly more girls than boys and significantly more pubertal and postpubertal patients had abnormal albumin excretion. Microalbuminuria was not associated with raised blood pressure. Conclusions - A prevalence of 9.7% for abnormal UAC was found in a cohort of 1007 children and adolescents aged 10-20 years. Thus a tenth of this national sample of young people were identified as being at particular risk of microvascular and later macrovascular disease. ER  - 
Delayed growth and puberty in patients with Gaucher disease type 1: Natural history and effect of splenectomy and/or enzyme replacement therapy; Background: Growth retardation in childhood was only recently recognized as a prominent feature of Gaucher disease type 1, but there are few data on both the pubertal development and the final outcome of growth and sexual maturation. Objective: To investigate the natural pattern of growth and puberty in patients with Gaucher disease type 1 and the effect of splenectomy and enzyme replacement therapy. Methods: We retrospectively analyzed growth and puberty in 57 patients with Gaucher disease type 1; 52 were followed since childhood and/or prepuberty and 42 have reached sexual maturity and final height. In the analysis we considered severity of disease, time of splenectomy, and start of enzyme replacement therapy. Results: Deceleration of growth at age 3-5 years was observed in 30 of 57 patients followed since early childhood while untreated: height-SDS decreased from -0.34±0.42 at age 0-3 years to -1.93±0.95 (P<0.01) at age 7-10 years and was more pronounced with severe disease. A high prevalence (59.6%) of delayed puberty, which was more frequent with severe disease, was observed in 47 patients followed before and throughout puberty. No primary endocrine pathology was found. All patients, untreated as well as treated, with growth and pubertal delay had a spontaneous catch-up, achieved full sexual maturation, and most (83.3%) reached a final height within the range of parental height-standard deviation score. Splenectomy (partial and/or total) performed in 20 patients while still growing had a beneficial effect on growth, which was temporary in some and did not affect puberty. ERT improved growth in 11 patients who started therapy before puberty, as evidenced by a progressive increase in the height-SDS, and seemed to normalize the onset of puberty. Conclusions: Growth retardation in childhood and delay of puberty are characteristic of Gaucher disease type 1 and are more frequent with severe disease. There is a spontaneous catch-up later in life and most patients reach a final height within their genetic growth potential. Enzyme replacement therapy apparently normalizes growth and possibly also the onset of puberty. ER  - 
What are Australian children eating and how does this compare with public health guidelines?; The nutritional status and level of physical activity of Australian children is an important public health issue. Although most Australian children have access to an adequate food supply and the opportunity to be physically active, there are concerns about the balance and adequacy of their dietary intake and physical activity levels. The 1995 National Nutrition Survey (NNS) provides a comprehensive picture of the eating habits and foods and nutrients consumed by a representative population sample of Australian children (1221 children aged 2-11 years). Overall, the nutrients consumed increased with age, with boys generally consuming more than girls. Although fat intake, at 33% of energy consumption, approximates that suggested by the NHMRC dietary guidelines for this age group (35% of energy), the saturated fat intake was higher than recommended. The results of the NNS show that calcium intake needs to be higher to meet the needs of skeletal growth. Iron intake in girls also needs to be increased. The intake of fruit and vegetables was lower than recommended, with 30% of 2-7-year-olds consuming no fruit, and a similar percentage consuming no vegetables, on the day of the survey. Although over 98% of children ate cereal foods on the day of the survey, 4-7-year-old girls and 8-11-year-old boys were not eating enough, especially from the 'nutritious cereal' group, including breakfast cereals, bread, pasta, rice and nutritious grain-based snacks. To meet nutrient requirements, children need regular meals and snacks. Snacks provide a half to a third of the energy intake for most children. Snacking has been shown to improve attention, recall, even arithmetic problem solving, in some studies. Athletic children have high energy and carbohydrate requirements. Meeting these needs is also important for enhancing sports performance. Effective rehydration is also a key strategy for safe and optimal performance. Children rarely drink enough to replenish fluid losses and need to learn to consume more than thirst dictates. While water is often described as the best choice of fluid, there are situations when sports drinks are advantageous. Research suggests that 20%-25% of Australian children are either overweight or obese, with a similar number being physically inactive. Children who are sufficiently active, particularly those who participate in vigorous-intensity sports at least 3-4 times per week, enjoy a lower risk of developing 'lifestyle diseases' later in life, and are also laying the foundations of a healthy adult lifestyle. Prior to puberty, a variety of activities or sports should be encouraged. Children need a safe environment in which to be active, and the opportunity to develop the skills fundamental to rewarding participation in physical activity. Parents who model desired behaviour by being active themselves and by encouraging and supporting their children's physical activity can have a powerful influence. Unfortunately, the modern environment promotes sedentariness in countless ways (eg, excessive TV viewing and computer game use, use of cars rather than walking). Serial growth measures are an excellent way to monitor growth and nutritional status during childhood. However, measuring height and weight to determine body mass index (weight/height2) is the most convenient way to assess degree of fatness. Currently, this measure is compared on a BMI-for-age chart based on US data; current research on an international chart has just been published. Serial growth measurements are particularly useful for monitoring the development of overweight or obesity. Measurements of waist circumference or waist-to-hip ratio may be helpful for identifying children with a more central fat distribution, which can indicate an increased risk of cardiovascular disease. All major cardiovascular risk factors can begin in childhood. In addition to central obesity, cardiovascular risk in children is increased by high cholesterol levels, active or passive smoking, diabetes, high blood pressure and genetic pre-disposition (positive family history). Research provides a strong justification for reducing risk factors in young persons. Children may develop fatty streaks in their aortas from as young as four years of age, and even in the coronary vessels before they are 10. Early screening for risk factors is recommended in children from high risk families with established early atherosclerosis in close family members. Osteoporosis is also a major public health problem owing to the morbidity and mortality associated with fractures. Although these fractures occur late in life, the pathogenesis of osteoporosis may begin in childhood. Low peak bone mineral density in adulthood may be a more important determinant of osteoporosis than age-related bone mass. Thus, it is important that children of all ages and stage of maturation participate regularly in weight-bearing exercise and consume adequate calcium. Successful weight management requires reduction in overall energy intake, with particular emphasis on fat reduction, and an increase in physical activity. Early intervention is important in children, as the state of being overweight is unlikely to remit spontaneously. Managing childhood obesity involves long term change. In overweight children, the overall goal is to maintain weight while they grow in height. Parents are the prime agents of change, and need to set limits, to observe, and to model and praise positive behaviours. Drugs, very low energy diets and surgery generally have no place in the management of childhood obesity. Children in First World countries are rapidly socialised into a rejection of obesity. Fat body shapes are more likely to be branded as lazy, less intelligent, socially isolated and unhealthy, and overweight children tend to have low body-esteem. Anecdotal reports of peer teasing about being overweight are starting to stimulate research. Evidence is accumulating that self-report of dieting among children is linked with weight concerns and dieting in the family, and that this process can start before the age of five. The following recommendations developed from this article are provided to guide medical and allied health professionals working with primary school age children. ER  - 
Long-term follow-up of infants of mothers with type 1 diabetes: Evidence for hereditary and nonhereditary transmission of diabetes and precursors; OBJECTIVE - To estimate the impact of type 1 diabetes during pregnancy on transgenerational genetically caused and/or fuel-mediated amplification of types 1 and 2 diabetes and to estimate the impact of elevated amniotic-fluid insulin levels. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - A total of 75 white offspring of type 1 diabetic mothers and 49 control subjects of similar age and pubertal stage were examined at 5-15 years of age. All offspring had an oral glucose tolerance test. Glucose, insulin, and C-peptide were measured at 0, 30, 60, and 120 min after loading. Lipids and autoimmune antibodies were measured in fasting plasma. RESULTS - Of the 75 offspring, 4 (5.3%) had overt diabetes, and 16 of 71 (22.5%) had autoimmune antibodies. Offspring of diabetic mothers had significantly higher BMI; symmetry indexes; cholesterol, glucose, insulin, and C-peptide levels; and insulin resistance than control subjects. With the exception of cholesterol, these values were significantly elevated in offspring who had elevated amniotic fluid insulin levels (>8 μU/ml, >48 pmol/l) during pregnancy compared with normoinsulinemic offspring and control subjects. CONCLUSIONS -Offspring of type 1 diabetic mothers have an increased risk for diabetes later in life. The relative risk for type 1 and type 2 diabetes is 71.6 and 3.2, respectively Type 2 diabetes-associated risk factors, such as high BMI; elevated glucose, insulin, and C-peptide levels; and insulin resistance, are related to the fetal metabolic experience in utero, as reflected by amniotic fluid insulin concentration. ER  - 
Risk factors for microalbuminuria in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes; Objectives: The aim of this study was to investigate the influence of sex, age, diabetes duration, puberty, blood pressure, glycemic control and parental blood pressure on microalbuminuria in children with type 1 diabetes. Study design: The study was a multicenter cross-sectional survey including 702 children and adolescents (age = 14.3 ± 2.9 yr) with type 1 diabetes duration of 7.6 ± 3.1 yr. One third of the population had not undergone pubertal development. Blood pressure was measured in children and their parents using a Dinamap instrument. Microalbuminuria was defined as a urinary albumin excretion rate ≥ 15 μg/min measured on at least two out of three urine collections. HbA(1c), centrally measured by HPLC, was 8.7 ± 1.5%. Results: The proportion of permanent microalbuminuria was 5.1 ± 1.6%. The prevalence was significantly enhanced after 10 yr of diabetes duration (11.6 ± 5.2%) and complete puberty (8.2 ± 3.1%). Independent risk factors for microalbuminuria tested in a logistic regression model were diabetes duration (OR/1 yr = 1.04-1.32), complete puberty (OR = 5.02-8.0), and maternal hypertension (OR = 1.94-4.28). HbA(1c) had a borderline independent and significant effect (OR/1% = 0.96-1.62; p = 0.07). Conclusions: Our results indicate that pubertal adolescents with a long duration of the disease and maternal history of hypertension are candidates for targeted interventions with the objective of reducing the rate of developing nephropathy in these individuals. ER  - 
Early onset of endocrine abnormalities in β-thalassemia major in a developing country; Endocrine complications in patients with thalassemia major in developing countries may be frequent due to suboptimal iron chelation. Data from developing countries are scant. We prospectively evaluated growth, growth hormone (GH), insulin-like growth factor I, thyroid hormone, cortisol and glucose tolerance in 84 patients over one year. Height standard deviation (SD) score of patients > 8 years (-2.2 ± 1.5 against National Center for Health Statistics references) was significantly lower than that of normal controls (-1.0 ± 0.7, p < 0.001). 51% of patients had GH deficiency, 13% hypocortisolism and 7.9% diabetes/impaired glucose tolerance. Ten of 11 adolescents/young adults had hypogonadism. Of 54 preadolescent children who underwent dynamic testing, 18 (33%) had at least one endocrine deficiency other than short stature. We conclude that hypogonadism and hypocortisolism form important causes for morbidity in our thalassemic children. Thalassemic patients in developing countries may be at risk for endocrine deficiencies at younger ages. ER  - 
Serum androgen levels in adolescents with type 1 diabetes: Relationship to pubertal stage and metabolic control; Delayed sexual maturation is still frequently seen in adolescents with type 1 diabetes. A close relationship between insulin and androgen metabolism has been found in a number of studies. Our study was designed to investigate whether or not abnormalities in androgen secretion could play a role in the onset of sexual maturation in adolescents with type 1 diabetes. We have asked whether or not there was a correlation between daily insulin dosage, duration of diabetes, metabolic control, age, pubertal stage, and body mass index (BMI) versus serum androgen concentrations. Basal total and free testosterone, dehydroepiandrosterone-sulfate (DHEA-S), dihydrotestosterone (DHT), sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG) and 3α-androstanediol glucuronide (3αdiol-G) plasma concentrations were measured in 36 pubertal boys and 31 pubertal girls with type 1 diabetes and in 59 sex- and pubertal stage-matched control subjects without diabetes. Significantly higher serum total testosterone (p<0.01) and free testosterone (p<0.05) levels were found in females and males with type 1 diabetes than in controls at pubertal stage 5. DHEA-S, SHBG, DHT and 3αdiol G concentrations in patients with diabetes were not significantly different from those in controls. There was no correlation between daily insulin requirements and serum androgen levels. These data suggest that adolescents with diabetes have similar serum levels of DHEA-S, SHBG, DHT and 3αdiol G as healthy subjects at all stages of puberty. However, there are significant differences in serum testosterone and free testosterone levels in adolescents with diabetes when compared to healthy, sex- and pubertal stage-matched controls in late puberty. We hypothesize that the increased testosterone levels in patients with diabetes could relate to reduced fertility in females, disorders of sexual maturation and an increased risk for cardiovascular complications later in life. (C)2000, Editrice Kurtis. ER  - 
The use of insulin-like growth factor I reference values for the diagnosis of growth hormone deficiency in prepubertal children; OBJECTIVE: This study was done to determine whether the use of reference values obtained in children with idiopathic short stature (ISS) improved the clinical value of serum insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-1) as a tool for diagnosing GH deficiency (GHD) in prepubertal children. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Serum IGF-1 was measured with a new IRMA kit (IGFI-RIA CT, Cis Bio, Gif sur Yvette, France) in 168 prepubertal normal children and in prepubertal children with ISS (n= 68), organic GHD due to a craniopharyngloma (oGHD, n = 15) and permanent idiopathic GHD (iGHD, n = 28). RESULTS: IGF-1 was lower (P<0.001) in iGHD than in either ISS or oGHD and was below the fifth percentile of the normal range in 29/68 ISS (43%), 8/15 oGHD (53%) and 28/28 (100%) iGHD patients. Three oGHD (20%) and two iGHD (7%) patients had a serum IGF-1 below the fifth percentile of the normal group but above the fifth percentile of the ISS group. Thus, a serum IGF-1 below the fifth percentile of the normal group distinguished between normal children and iGHD with 100% sensitivity, between normal and oGHD with 53% sensitivity and between normal and all GHD (idiopathic+organic) with 84% sensitivity; the overall specificity was only 57%. Conversely, a serum IGF-1 below the fifth percentile of the ISS population distinguished between ISS and iGHD with 93% sensitivity, between ISS and oGHD with 33% sensitivity and between ISS and all GHD with 72% sensitivity; the overall specificity was then 95%. CONCLUSIONS: A serum IGF-1 within the normal range virtually excludes idiopathic GHD but does not rule out organic GHD, whereas an IGF-1 below the ISS range is strongly in favour of GHD, after exclusion of poor nutritional status and/or liver disease. An IGF-1 below the normal range but in the idiopathic short stature range gives no definitive conclusion even when it is associated with a low GH peak. Thus, whereas reference values obtained in normal children must be used to interpret serum IGF-1 in short prepubertal children, reference data obtained in idiopathic short stature children should also be taken into account. ER  - 
Serum insulin-like growth factor binding protein (IGFBP)-4 and IGFBP-5 in children with chronic renal failure: Relationship to growth and glomerular filtration rate; Growth retardation in children with chronic renal failure (CRF) is partly due to an inhibition of insulin-like growth factor (IGF) activity by an excess of high-affinity IGF-binding proteins (IGFBPs). The aim of this study was to analyze the serum levels and forms of IGFBP-4 and IGFBP-5 in CRF patients using specific, recently developed radioimmunoassays (RIAs) and immunoblot analysis. We examined 89 children [age 11.5 (2.8-19.0) years] with CRF [glomerular filtration rate 26.6 (7.0-67.4) ml/min per 1.73 m2], nine of them with end-stage renal disease undergoing peritoneal dialysis. Serum-immunoreactive IGFBP-4 levels were fourfold increased in CRF (prepubertal 1080 ± 268 ng/ml; pubertal 989 ± 299 ng/ml) compared to healthy prepubertal controls (265 ± 73 ng/ml). In contrast, serum IGFBP-5 levels were not significantly increased neither in prepubertal (361 ± 120 ng/ml vs 282 ± 75 ng/ml in controls) nor pubertal CRF children (478 ± 165 ng/ml vs 491 ± 80 ng/ml in controls). Immunoblot analysis showed the presence of intact as well as fragmented IGFBP-4 and IGFBP-5. Serum IGFBP-4, but not IGFBP-5, levels were inversely correlated with GFR (r = -0.39, P < 0.001). In prepubertal children, IGFBP-4 levels were inversely correlated with standardized height (r = -0.40; P < 0.005). In contrast, IGFBP-5 levels were positively correlated both with standardized height (r = 0.32, P < 0.02) and baseline height velocity (r = 0.45, P < 0.005). A 3-month therapy with rhGH stimulated serum IGFBP-5 levels by 43% (P < 0.01); there was no consistent effect on IGFBP-4 levels. There was a positive correlation between IGFBP-4 and IGFBP-2 (r = 0.46, P < 0.001); IGFBP-5 was positively correlated with IGF-I (r = 0.59, P < 0.001), IGF-II (r = 0.42, P < 0.001) and IGFBP-3 (r = 0.47, P < 0.001) and inversely correlated with IGFBP-1 (r= -0.41, P < 0.001). In summary, serum IGFBP-4 is fourfold elevated in children with CRF in relation to the degree of renal dysfunction and contributes to the marked increase in IGF-binding capacity in CRF serum. The inverse correlation of serum IGFBP-4 with standardized height is consistent with its role as another inhibitor of the biological action of the IGFs on growth plate cartilage. In contrast, serum IGFBP-5 is not elevated in CRF serum and circulates mainly as proteolysed fragments. The positive correlation of serum IGFBP-5 with growth and its increase during GH therapy indicate that IGFBP-5 is a stimulatory IGFBP in patients with CRF, either by enhancing IGF activity through better presentation of IGF to its receptor or by an IGF-independent effect through activation of a specific, recently described putative IGFBP-5-receptor. ER  - 
Reduced bone mineral density at diagnosis and bone mineral recovery during treatment in children with Graves' disease; Objectives: In children with Graves' disease, the prevalence of osteopenia is unknown, and the possible restoration of bone mass by antithyroid treatment has not been evaluated. The aim of this study was to prospectively evaluate the bone mineral density (BMD) and bone metabolism at diagnosis and after 1 and 2 years of medical treatment. Twenty-six children (19 girls and 7 boys) aged 11 ± 3.4 years (range 3.4 to 15.3 years) were studied. Study design: BMD of the lumbar spine and proximal femur were measured by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry. Values were compared with those of healthy children of similar age, sex, and pubertal stage. Results: At diagnosis the mean BMD (standard deviation score [SDS]) was significantly reduced in both sites (P < .001) with a preferential loss of cortical bone (femoral BMD = -1.7 ± 1.0SDS) rather than trabecular bone (lumbar spine BMD = -0.8 ± 1.1 SDS) (P = .003). Severe osteopenia (below-2 SDS) was found in 11 (42%) of 26 patients. Osteocalcin was significantly higher than in the control group (P < .0001), but other bone metabolism markers were normal. During treatment (n = 19) a significant gain in femoral (F = 14.7; P = .001) and lumbar spine (F = 5; P = .02) BMD (SDS) was observed, and none of the patients showed osteopenia. The annual percent change in the BMD values at the femoral (+23% ± 11% and +6% ± 4%, respectively, during the first and second years) and lumbar spine (+19% ± 9% and +6% ± 5%, respectively, during the first and second years) sites was greater during the first year than during the second year of treatment (P <.02 for femoral, P < .04 for lumbar spine). No significant age difference in BMD SD score or in BMD percent change values was observed. Osteocalcin returned rapidly to normal values, and all other bone metabolism markers remained in the normal range. Conclusions: In conclusion, severe osteopenia was observed at diagnosis in children with Graves' disease but was rapidly corrected after 1 and 2 years of treatment. Initial reduced bone mass with high bone turnover caused by hyperthyroidism was corrected after 1 year of euthyroid conditions. ER  - 
Combined clonidine-short-ACTH test for the simultaneous assessment of growth hormone reserve and hypothalamic-pituitary- adrenal axis integrity in children; Objective: To determine the feasibility of using the combined oral clonidine and the short-ACTH test instead of the sometimes dangerous insulin-induced hypoglycemia test as a screening procedure, for the simultaneous assessment of growth hormone reserve and hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis integrity in children with growth retardation. Design: Evaluative study. Method: Seventy-three children (52 males) aged 11 ± 3 years with attenuated growth (group 1) were tested by combined clonidine (150 μg/m2) and short-ACTH test (either the standard 250 μg or the low-dose 1 μg/1.73 m2). Thirty-one children received no pretreatment (nonprimed) (subgroup 1NP), and 42 were primed with ethynylestradiol 40 μg/m2/day two days before testing (subgroup 1P). The control group for the short-ACTH test (group 2) consisted of 42 children and adolescents (13 males) aged 12 ± 3 years with early or accelerated puberty or premature closure of epiphyses, who received ACTH only (21 standard, 21 low-dose) with no evidence of adrenal or pituitary pathology. The peak GH response was compared between the primed and the nonprimed group 1 subjects, and the cortisol levels were compared between the combined test subgroups and the controls. The peak pass level for growth hormone was 10 ng/ml; the peak pass level for cortisol was 520 nmol/l. Results: Sixty-four of the 73 children in group 1 (87.7%) showed a growth hormone level of ≥10 ng/ml on the first stimulation test, including 26/31 (84%) nonprimed and 38/42 (90.5%) primed. Of the 9 patients who failed the first clonidine test, 4 also failed the second, primed test, including 1/5 nonprimed patients (20%) and 3/4 primed patients (75%). This yielded a GH deficiency/insufficiency rate of 5.5% and a rather low false-positive rate of 13.3% (4/30) for the nonprimed subjects and 2.6% (1/39) for the primed subjects. Peak 30-min cortisol in response to ACTH stimulation was similar in the patients who underwent the 250 μg or the 1 μg test within each group (subgroup 1NP, subgroup 1P and group 2); therefore, the results for the two tests were considered together. Compared with group 2, subgroup 1NP patients had a similar 30-min cortisol response (P = NS), and subgroup 1P patients had a much higher response (P < 0.05) (group 2 = 690 ± 145 nmol/l, subgroup 1NP = 772 ± 195 nmol/l, subgroup 1P = 934 ± 209 nmol/l). However, there was no significant difference in the increment in cortisol response between the three groups. Conclusions: Our results suggest that the combined clonidine-short-ACTH test is a reliable and safe tool for the simultaneous assessment of growth hormone reserve and hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis integrity in children. ER  - 
Metabolic characteristics and urine albumin excretion rate in relation to pubertal maturation in Type 1 diabetes; Background: The objective of this study was to assess the impact of pubertal maturation on urinary albumin excretion rate (AER) and persistent microalbuminuria, and to identify possible factors affecting urinary AER in adolescents with Type 1 diabetes. Methods: One hundred patients aged 9.1-19.0 years with a duration of diabetes of > 2 years out of 138 eligible adolescents with Type 1 diabetes from an outpatient diabetes clinic participated in the study, together with 100 healthy controls. A timed overnight urine sample was collected in the hospital, where all the adolescents stayed for 22-24 h, and microalbuminuria was confirmed with at least one consecutive positive sample (AER 20-200 μg/min). Results: The prevalence of persistent microalbuminuria was 6%. All the patients affected were girls: one prepubertal (T I), one in late puberty (T IV and three postpubertal (T V). These patients had significantly higher HbA(1c) levels than did the normoalbuminuric girls with Type 1 diabetes. Neither duration of diabetes nor age differed significantly between the two groups. AER increased more conspicuously with pubertal maturation in the boys with Type 1 diabetes than in the control boys, while the girls with diabetes had significantly higher body mass index (BMI) and serum total and LDL cholesterol than did the control girls. HbA(1c) was independently associated with AER in a multiple regression model. Diastolic blood pressure (BP) was elevated in both girls and boys with Type 1 diabetes as compared with healthy adolescents, while no difference was observed between the patients with microalbuminuria and normoalbuminuria. Conclusions: Persistent microalbuminuria was mainly observed in late puberty and after puberty among adolescents with Type 1 diabetes. Female sex and poor metabolic control predispose such adolescents to this condition during pubertal maturation. Copyright (C) 2000 John Wiley and Sons, Ltd. ER  - 
Liver steatosis in juvenile obesity: Correlations with lipid profile, hepatic biochemical parameters and glycemic and insulinemic responses to an oral glucose tolerance test; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to evaluate liver steatosis in prepubertal and pubertal obese and the correlations with the lipid profile, the serum levels of hepatic parameters and the glycemic and insulinemic responses to an oral glucose tolerance test. SUBJECTS: 375 obese, 205 males and 170 females, Tanner pubertal stage I (n = 82), stages II-III (n = 80) and stages IV-V (n = 213). MEASUREMENTS: Body mass index (BMI), waist-hip ratio (WHR), total cholesterol and high density lipoprotein (HDL), cholesterol/HDL ratio, low density lipoprotein (LDL), very low density lipoprotein (VLDL), triglycerides (TGL), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), alanine aminotransferase (ALT), gGT, glycemia (G), insulinemia (IRI), fasting IRI/G ratio (FIGR), glycemic (mean blood glucose, MBG) and insulinemic (mean serum insulin, MSI) responses during a 120 min oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), expressed as area under the curve (AUC)/120 min, pancreatic insulinemic response to glucose (IRG), and liver ultrasound scanning for assessing the degree of steatosis (moderate, severe). RESULTS: Liver steatosis was found in 33% of subjects in Tanner pubertal stage 1, 36% in stage II-III and 47% in stages IV-V. BMI and transaminases were correlated with the degree of steatosis in all pubertal stages. AST, ALT and gGT were higher in the presence of steatosis, while elevated TGL was present in late puberty only; however the increase of ALT is specific for steatosis. CONCLUSION: Juvenile obesity involves a high risk of liver steatosis associated with alterations of transaminases and lipid but not glucose metabolism. These changes are apparent even to the prepubertal stage. ER  - 
Characterization of an early decline in baseline plasma glucose concentration after acute insulin elevation during euglycemic hyperinsulinemic clamp in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus; To investigate the contribution of the liver to whole-body insulin resistance in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus, we analyzed the early decline (slope 'a') in the baseline plasma glucose level following acute hyperinsulinemia in the initial phase of a euglycemic hyperinsulinemic clamp study, rather than using an isotope-dilution method. Slope 'a' was comparable among groups of diabetic and non-diabetic subjects, and did not correlate well with glucose infusion rate (GIR), an index of peripheral (primarily skeletal muscle) insulin resistance. In contrast, slope 'a' was significantly lower in obese (BMI>25) type 2 diabetic patients compared with their non- obese counterparts, consistent with the general belief that obesity is a condition of insulin resistance in liver as well as in peripheral tissues. A subset of six insulin-resistant (nearly zero GIR) type 2 diabetic patients (pubertal adolescents) demonstrated a markedly blunted slope 'a'. Their insulin resistance (GIR) substantially recovered concomitant with an increase in slope 'a' after pretreatment with somatostatin analogue in two cases studied, suggesting possible suppression of hepatic glucose production through lowering of plasma glucagon concentrations. Furthermore, slope 'a' correlated significantly (r=-0.480, p<0.0001) with HOMA index (FPG x FIRI), the latter being recently regarded as an index of hepatic insulin resistance. These data showed that slope 'a' obtained from euglycemic hyperinsulinemic clamp may be a clinically useful index of hepatic insulin resistance rather than an index of peripheral insulin resistance. ER  - 
No evidence for leptin as an independent associate of blood pressure in childhood and juvenile obesity; We studied whether leptin is an independent associate of blood pressure in obese children and adolescence. 102 obese children (48 girls, age: 11.6 ± 2.22 yr; body mass index [BMI]: 27.45 ± 4.4; blood pressure: 122.5 ± 11.1/64.7 ± 10.6 mm Hg and 54 boys, age: 11.5 ± 2.4 yr; BMI: 27.6 ± 4.4; blood pressure: 122.5 ± 13.2/60.9 ± 8.1 mm Hg [mean ± SD]) were investigated. Serum leptin and insulin were measured by RIA; glucose was determined enzymatically. Fat mass (FM) was calculated by bioelectrical impedance. Leptin was higher in girls than in boys (p=0.018) but no significant gender differences were found with respect to indices of adiposity and systolic blood pressure (SBP). Children were divided into three groups, according to pubertal stage (Group 1: prepubertal, 32 boys/13 girls; Group 2: pubertal, 17 boys/25 girls; Group 3: late/postpubertal, 5 boys/10 girls). SBP and DBP correlated with body weight in the whole group (r=0.49, p<0.0001, and r=0.27, p=0.004). In Group 1, BMI showed the highest correlation to SBP; in Group 3 no indices of adiposity were related to SBP. In no case was leptin significantly associated with SBP after adjustment for adiposity. In Group 2, glucose was significantly associated with SBP after adjustment for body weight. In Group 3, however, no correlations were found between SBP, DBP and metabolic characteristics, perhaps due to small sample size. Stepwise multiple regression revealed that body weight and glucose contributed to the variation in SBP in the whole group (R2=0.31, p<0.0001). Insulin accounted for almost 8% of the variation in DBP (R2=0.08, p=0.0034). Body weight contributed significantly to SBP in boys (R2=0.39, p<0.0001) and girls (R2=0.24, p<0.001). The results imply that body weight contributes independently to the variation in blood pressure. Glucose and insulin contribute to mean blood pressure to some extent, but our data do not support the assumption that leptin per se serves as an independent predictor of blood pressure in obese children and adolescents. ER  - 
Linear growth and weight gain in diabetic children - A cross-sectional and longitudinal evaluation; Objective: To examine linear growth and weight gain in diabetic children and to assess the influence of the age at onset of diabetes on growth. Subjects and methods: A retrospective longitudinal and cross-sectional analysis of the growth data of 61 children attending the diabetic clinic for the whole year of 1998 was completed. Results: The children were of average height and weight at onset with mean (SD) Height SDS = -0.095 (0.96) and mean (SD) body mass index (BMI) SDS = 0.58 (1.15). But amongst the subgroups, boys with onset before five years were found to be significantly taller (Height SDS = 0.39 (0.75), P<0.05) and heavier (BMI SDS = 1.28 (1.05), P<0.05). There was no significant change from onset to time at analysis either within individual subgroups or as a whole. Girls showed a gain in mean (SD) BMI SDS from 0.41 (1.14) to 1.03 (1.25), which however did not reach statistical significance (P=0.08). No similar tendency was observed in boys. There was no significant change in Height SDS for the 12 children who reached final height. Longitudinal follow up of growth data agreed with the observations from cross-sectional data. Conclusion: Prepubertal linear growth was not affected even in those children diagnosed early in childhood. The 12 children who reached final height did not show any impairment of growth. Increased growth at onset was observed in the subgroup of boys with onset of diabetes before 5 years. The tendency towards excessive weight gain observed in diabetic girls needs further evaluation. ER  - 
No association between body mass index and β3-adrenergic receptor variant (W64R) in children with premature pubarche and adolescent girls with hyperandrogenism; Objective: To determine if the Trp64Arg (W64R) variant of the β3- adrenergic receptor (ADRB3) could be used as a genetic marker to define risk for polycystic ovary syndrom (PCOS) and/or obesity in children and adolescents. Design: Association study. Setting: Academic research environment. Patient(s): Children referred for evaluation of premature pubic hair (n = 63), adolescent girls referred for evaluation of hirsutism and/or oligomenorrhea (n = 33), and healthy adult controls (n = 67). Intervention(s): None. Main Outcome Measure(s): Relationship of body mass index (BMI) to presence or absence of W64R variant and frequency of W64R variant in our patient population. Result(s): Body mass index (kg/m2) was determined for 63 children (55 girls and 8 boys) and 33 adolescent girls. Presence or absence of the W64R variant was assayed by polymerase chain reaction (PCR) amplification followed by allele-specific restriction fragment digest. Twelve subjects and 11 healthy controls were found to be heterozygous for the W64R variant. One subject was found to be homozygous for the W64R variant. Allele frequency for the W64R variant was comparable between patients and controls. Among the patients, mean BMI values were not different between carriers and noncarriers. Conclusion(s): Although other studies suggest that the W64R variant is associated with the development of obesity and insulin resistance, we cannot demonstrate that it has a major effect on BMI in children with premature pubarche or in adolescent girls with hyperandrogenism. Serial observations are necessary to determine if this variant predicts the development of obesity and/or PCOS in adulthood. (C)2000 by American Society for Reproductive Medicine. ER  - 
The analysis of the coexistence of endometrial carcinoma and uterine myoma; OBJECTIVE: An epidemiologic study of coexistence uterus myoma with endometrial cancer patients is presented. Coexistence of endometrial carcinoma with uterus myoma was evaluated and controlled for age, residence, civil status, education, parity, menarche age, last menstruation age, length of reproductive period, blood group, hypertension, diabetes, body mass index, sterility, histological subtype, grading, staging. DESIGN: From 1984-1998 136 endometrial carcinomas have been evaluated in the Department of Gynecology & Obstetrics in Hospital of Słupsk retrospectively. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Uterus myoma was coexistence with endometrial cancer in 22 cases (16.2%). Of 136 endometrial carcinomas 16 (11.6%) were multiple malignant neoplasms. Of these neoplasms 9 (6.6%) occur together with breast cancer, 3 (2.2%) with ovarian carcinoma, 1 (0.7%) with stomach carcinoma, 1 (0.7%) with rectum carcinoma, 1 (0.7%) with carcinoma in focus of endometriosis and 1 (0.7%) coexists with double neoplasms (bowel and endometriosis carcinoma) During the 14-year period of study 15 patients (11.0%) out of 136 patients diagnosed as having endometrial cancer had double and 1 (0.6%) had triple primary malignant neoplasms. There was not significant difference in age rate (p = 0.16), residence rate (p = 0.72), civil status rate (p = 0.37), education rate (p = 0.53), parity rate (p = 0.49), menarche age rate (p = 0.33), last menstruation age rate (p = 0.12), length of reproductive period rate (p = 0.66), blood group rate (p = 0.19), hypertension rate (p = 0.38), diabetes rate (p = 0.96), overweight status rate (p = 0.76), sterility rate (p = 0.35), histological subtype rate (p = 0.25), grading rate (p = 0.29), staging rate (p = 0.54), second primary malignant neoplasma (p = 0.77) between both patients group (with and without uterus myoma). CONCLUSION: Patients with endometrial cancer should be carefully and regularly followed up by monitoring et every anatomic site, especially the breast, stomach, and colon, in order that the development of a second primary carcinoma can be detected as early as possible, and not be overlooked in examinations. There is not additional risk factors for endometrial carcinoma between patients with and without coexistence uterus myoma. In the observation of patients with myoma in postmenopause, cytological investigation of endometrial aspirates, ultrasound and mammographic screening should be carried out. ER  - 
Risk factors for cytogenetically normal holoprosencephaly in California: A population-based case-control study; Holoprosencephaly is a developmental field defect manifested by a spectrum of abnormalities of the forebrain and midface. Approximately 50% of holoprosencephaly cases are associated with a cytogenetic abnormality or a monogenic syndrome. Suggested risk factors for the remaining 50% of cases have been described in case reports, but have not been confirmed in systematically conducted studies. We report the results of a population-based case-control study of holoprosencephaly. Live births, fetal deaths, and terminations with a diagnosis of cytogenetically normal holoprosencephaly were identified by the California Birth Defects Monitoring Program. Telephone interviews were conducted with the mothers of 58 cases and 107 live born, nonmalformed controls. Women were questioned about their health and reproductive histories, family demographics, and exposures occurring during their pregnancies. Among nonsyndromic cases, increased risks were observed for females (OR=1.8, 95% C.I, 0.9-3.9), foreign-born vs. U.S. or Mexico-born women (OR=3.1, 95% C.I. 1.1-8.6), and women with early menarche (OR=2.3,95% C.I. 0.9-5.7). Maternal periconceptional exposures associated with increased risks for nonsyndromic holoprosencephaly included alcohol consumption (OR=2.0, 95% C.I. 0.9-4.5), cigarette smoking (OR=4.1, 95% C.I. 1.4-12.0), and combined alcohol and smoking (OR=5.4, 95% C.I. 1.4-20.0), insulin- dependent diabetes (OR=10.2, 95% C.I. 1.9 39.4), medications for respiratory illnesses (OR=2.3, 95% C.I. 0.9-6.0), and salicylate-containing medications (OR=2.5, 95% C.I. 0.8-7.9). These findings are consistent with risk factors identified in some previous reports, and identify several new potential risk factors that require confirmation in future studies. (C) 2000 Wiley-Liss, Inc. ER  - 
Risk factors among young women with endometrial cancer: A danish case- control study; OBJECTIVE: This study was undertaken to identify and quantify risk factors for endometrial cancer among young women. STUDY DESIGN: This case- control study included all Danish women <50 years old who had endometrial cancer diagnosed during the period 1987 to 1994. A total of 237 case patients and 538 population control subjects matched with the case patients for age and residence were included in the analysis. RESULTS: Women with a family history of endometrial cancer had an odds ratio for endometrial cancer of 2.1 (95% confidence interval, 1.1-3.8)). Completion of 1 term pregnancy implied an odds ratio of 0.6 (95% confidence interval, 0.3-1.1). The risk of endometrial cancer decreased significantly with increasing age at first birth and with the number of induced abortions. Use of oral contraceptives for 1 to 5 years decreased the risk of endometrial cancer (odds ratio, 0.2; 95% confidence interval, 0.1-0.3). The odds ratio for endometrial cancer among women who received hormone replacement therapy for 1 to 5 years was 3.1 (95% confidence interval, 1.4-7.0). Body mass index was not demonstrated to be an independent risk factor in this study. The protective impacts of the different exposures (risk factors) can be expressed as etiologic fractions, which indicate how much each exposure reduces the occurrence of endometrial cancer compared with a situation without the existence of that particular exposure. These fractions were as follows: oral contraceptive use for ≥1 year, -45%; 2 term pregnancies, -88%; age ≥30 y when giving birth for the first time, -38%; and a history of incomplete pregnancy, -16%. CONCLUSION: A number of risk factors for endometriat cancer are common to premenopausal and postmenopausal women: family history, reproductive history, hormone replacement therapy, and the use of oral contraceptives. Among young women reproductive variables imply the greatest prophylactic potential. ER  - 
Total homocysteine in patients with type I diabetes; OBJECTIVE - Our aim was to study the presence of moderate hyperhomocysteinemia, a risk factor for premature cardiovascular disease, its modifying vitamin factors (folates, vitamins B12 and B6), and lipid risk factors in juvenile type 1 diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - A total of 91 patients with type 1 diabetes (46 girls and 45 boys) were studied, with ages ranging from 11 to 18 years, a duration of diabetes from 1 to 15 years, and in pubertal development (stages III, IV, V). In all patients, cholesterol, triglycerides, HDL and LDL cholesterol, lipoprotein(a), folates, cobalamin, vitamin B6, and total homocysteine were determined by specific assays. Microalbuminuria, defined as a ratio of albumin/creatinine >3 mg/mmol creatinine, was analyzed in the first morning specimen. RESULTS - Plasma total homocysteine (tHcy) concentrations were not different in the 91 diabetic children (median [range]) (11-15 years, 6.1 μmol/l [3.2-9.6]; 16-18 years, 7.3 μmol/l [3.9-12]) compared with the control group (11-15 years, 6.6 μmol/l [4.4-10.8]; 16-18 years, 8.1 μmol/l [4.6-11.3]). No significant differences were found in tHcy values in relation to the metabolic control of the disease as assessed by glycohemoglobin values, the duration of disease, alterations in fundus oculi, or presence of lymphocytic thyroiditis. A positive correlation was found between tHcy and plasma creatinine in type 1 diabetic patients that might be related with the increase in muscle mass. There was a negative correlation between tHcy and serum folate (P < 0.001) and vitamin B12 (P < 0.05), but not with vitamin B6 levels. No significant correlations were found between tHcy and the lipid parameters. CONCLUSIONS - Hyperhomocysteinemia was not detected in adolescents with type 1 diabetes. ER  - 
Nuclear lamin A/C R482Q mutation in Canadian kindreds with Dunnigan-type familial partial lipodystrophy; Patients with Dunnigan-type familial partial lipodystrophy (FPLD) are born with normal fat distribution, but after puberty experience regional and progressive adipocyte degeneration, often associated with profound insulin resistance and diabetes. Recently, the FPLD gene was mapped to chromosome 1q21-22, which harbours the LMNA gene encoding nuclear lamins A and C. Mutations in LMNA were shown to underlie autosomal dominant Emery-Dreifuss muscular dystrophy (EDMD-AD), which is characterized by regional and progressive skeletal muscle wasting and cardiac effects. We hypothesized that the analogy between the regional muscle wasting in EDMD-AD and the regional adipocyte degeneration in FPLD, in addition to its chromosomal localization, made LMNA a good candidate gene for FPLD. DNA sequencing of LMNA in five Canadian FPLD probands indicated that each had a novel missense mutation, R482Q, which co-segregated with the FPLD phenotype and was absent from 2000 normal alleles (P = 1.1 x 10-13). This is the first report of a mutation underlying a degenerative disorder of adipose tissue and suggests that LMNA mutations could underlie other diseases characterized by tissue type- and anatomical site-specific cellular degeneration. ER  - 
Experience with cyproterone acetate in the treatment of precocious puberty; The authors review their experience (1967-present) in the use of cyproterone acetate (CPA) in precocious puberty. CPA was found effective in persistently suppressing pituitary gonado-tropic secretion when administered orally at a dose of 50 mg b.i.d. (70-100 mg/d). After the introduction of gonadotropic analogues (GnRHa) for treatment of central precocious puberty, short term use of CPA was found useful to counteract the initial stimulatory effect of the GnRHa as well as an adjunct drug in case of very active adrenarche causing advanced bone age during GnRHa treatment. The final heights of girls treated with CPA and girls treated with D-Trp6-LHRH were found comparable: 157.8±5.1 cm vs 159.6±6.3 cm, respectively. The main adverse effects were occasional fatigue due to partial adrenal insufficiency with CPA and gynecomastia in a few boys. Liver function tests were normal in all patients with the exception of one boy with severe hypothalamic disease, including precocious puberty, who developed liver cirrhosis 3 years after stopping CPA following 5 years treatment. Other indications for CPA treatment during childhood and adolescence, such as fast puberty, congenital adrenal hyperplasia and ache, are also mentioned. ER  - 
Normative data for total and free acid-labile subunit of the human insulin-like growth factor-binding protein complex in pre- and full-term newborns and healthy boys and girls throughout postnatal development; Insulin-like growth factors (IGFs) circulate in plasma as part of a 150-kD complex that also contains IGF-binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3), a protein that binds IGF-I and IGF-II with high affinity, and an acid-labile subunit (ALS) that does not directly bind IGFs. Because the ALS assay methods currently being used are relatively new, there is a need for updated normative reference data. We report the normative data in 17 preterm infants (10 males and 7 females), 30 normal full-term newborns (15 males and 15 females) and 150 normal children who where divided into 5 groups according to their Tanner stage (15 males and 15 females per group). Serum levels of total and free ALS were significantly lower in premature infants than in full-term newborns, but all newborns had significantly lower levels than Tanner stage-I children (p < 0.001, ANOVA). A significant increase was seen between Tanner stages I-III in both sexes (p < 0.001, ANOVA). No differences were found between sexes at any developmental age studied. Significant correlations (p < 0.001) were seen between total and free ALS concentrations and IGF-I (r = 0.50 and 0.60, respectively), free IGF-I (r = 0.37 and 0.36), IGF-II (r = 0.37 and 0.27), IGFBP-1 (r = -0.48 and -0.49), IGFBP-2 (r = -0.44 and -0.51) and IGFBP-3 (r = 0.67 and 0.59) at all Tanner stages. However, no correlation was found with IGFBP-1, -2 or -3 levels at birth. This study shows normal values in a population of preterm infants and healthy Spanish newborns and subjects of both sexes at all stages of pubertal development and indicate the different relationships between the components of the IGF system during intra- and extrauterine life. Copyright (C) 2000 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Insulin-like growth factor-binding protein-2 levels in pediatric patients with growth hormone deficiency, eating disorders and acute lymphoblastic leukemia; Insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-binding protein-2 (IGFBP-2) is altered in different diseases and might be used as an indication of its severity. The aims of our study were to investigate: (1) the developmental pattern of the serum IGFBP-2 concentration at birth and during childhood and adolescence; (2) whether the serum IGFBP-2 level could be a marker for the diagnosis and evolution of diseases where the growth hormone (GH)-IGF axis is altered, and (3) whether this binding protein shows a relationship with IGF-I, its free fraction, IGFBP-1 and -3. We report reference values for 55 normal full-term newborns and 221 normal children who were divided into 5 groups according to their Tanner stage. Serum levels were higher in newborns when compared with Tanner stages I-V (p < 0.001, ANOVA), with no further changes throughout development. Furthermore, we studied IGFBP-2 levels in 24 children with congenital GH deficiency (GHD), 26 with acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL), 75 obese children, and 60 girls with anorexia nervosa (AN) at diagnosis and during a follow-up period. IGFBP-2 at diagnosis was increased in GHD, ALL and AN, and decreased in obesity (p < 0.05, ANOVA). During the follow-up, IGFBP-2 concentrations tended to normalize. IGFBP-2 correlated positively with IGFBP-1 and negatively with IGF-I and IGFBP-3 in normal subjects and at diagnosis of the pathologies studied. Although IGFBP-2 functions are not well understood, these results suggest a possible role for this protein in diseases where the GH-IGF axis is altered. Copyright (C) 2000 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Increased prevalence of overweight in adolescent girls with type 1 diabetes mellitus; Height and weight were measured in young patients with type 1 diabetes up to the age of 22 y. We found no difference between birth length standard deviation scores (SDS), final height SDS and target height SDS. The study group of 89 diabetic boys and girls did not differ in final height from age- and sex-matched healthy controls. SDS for height at diagnosis, +0.17 ± 1.10, exceeded that for final height, -0.06 ± 0.97 (p = 0.037). Height SDS decreased between the ages of 11 and 18 (p < 0.01). In diabetic girls, but not boys, final height SDS was significantly related to mean HbA(1c) during puberty (r = -0.40; p = 0.025). Weight gain occurred from age of menarche in girls with type 1 diabetes. At the age of 18, diabetic girls were 6.5 kg heavier and had 2.7 kg/m2 higher body mass index (BMI) than control girls (p < 0.001). Diabetic boys were not heavier than control boys. There was a significant relationship between mean HbA(1c) during puberty and BMI at the age of 18 in diabetic girls (r = 0.47; p = 0.009). In diabetic females, body weight remained unchanged, HbA(1c) improved and the dose of insulin was significantly reduced between 18 and 22 y of age. The HbA(1c) improvement was most marked in patients with poor metabolic control. In conclusion, although mean final height was normal in young patients with type 1 diabetes, growth was increased before diagnosis and pubertal growth spurt was reduced. Adolescent overweight was overrepresented; it related to poor metabolic control in females with diabetes, but showed no further acceleration in early adulthood. ER  - 
Epidemiologic variables of postmenopausal women; The objective was to know the characteristcs of presentation, its clinical aspects and the modification in the diagnostic tools in a selected population of Mexican women with spontaneous menopause. The age at menarche, age at menopause, marital status, age at marriage, number of pregnancies and occupation of 1099 women with spontaneous menopause were studied. In 619 women which were not receiving nor had received hormone replacement therapy the clinical, laboratory such as glucose, lipids, hormones, bone remodeling biochemistry; and X ray studies such as densitometry and mammography were analyzed. The age average of menarche presentation was at 13 years, and that of spontaneous menopause at 48.1 years 78% were married, with an age at marriage of 23 years, 66% had home duties. The screening tests showed that 30% of patients required cardiovascular evaluation, 40% showed alterations on lipids levels and at least 40% had some alteration on bone remodeling biochemistry or in densitometry. The mammography was normal in 81%. This study showed that most of the data in these group of women were similar to those of other populations, and many of them need intensive surveillance and adequate therapeutic prescriptions to diminish risk factors. ER  - 
Evaluation of the effects of oxandrolone on malnourished HIV-positive pediatric patients.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the safety and efficacy of anabolic therapy to prevent or reverse wasting and malnutrition in human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)-infected pediatric patients. The anabolic steroid, oxandrolone, was evaluated because of its safe and effective use in other pediatric conditions. METHODS: Nine HIV-positive children who were malnourished or at risk for malnutrition (4 females, 5 males; 4-14 years of age) took oxandrolone for 3 months (.1 mg/kg/day orally). Quantitative HIV ribonucleic acid polymerase chain reaction and CD4(+) T-cell levels, complete blood cell count (CBC) and chemistry profile, endocrinologic studies, resting energy expenditure, respiratory quotient, nutritional measures, body composition assessment with quantitative computed tomography, and skinfold body composition measurements were determined before treatment, during treatment (3 months), and for 3 months after treatment. Statistical analyses were completed using the Friedman two-way analysis of variance and Spearman correlation tests. RESULTS: No adverse clinical or laboratory events or changes in Tanner staging or virilization occurred. Quantitative HIV ribonucleic acid polymerase chain reaction and CD4(+) T-cell levels did not change significantly. Insulin-like growth factor 1 increased, suggesting an anabolic effect of treatment. The rate of weight gain increased during treatment and was maintained after treatment. Linear growth continued and was maintained throughout treatment, whereas bone age did not increase significantly. Anthropometric assessments indicated an increase in muscle mass and a decrease in fat while patients were on treatment, and a mild decrease of muscle and increased fat posttreatment. Likewise, computed tomography scan results demonstrated similar changes in muscle mass. Resting energy expenditure and respiratory quotient remained stable throughout treatment and follow-up. No significant changes were seen in the quality of life questionnaire. CONCLUSIONS: Treatment with oxandrolone for 3 months in HIV-infected children was well-tolerated, safe, and associated with markers of anabolism. The latter effect was maintained partially for 3 months after discontinuation of a 3-month course of therapy. Additional studies are needed to assess the potential benefits and risks of a longer course of therapy or a higher dose of oxandrolone in HIV-infected children. ER  - 
Changes in leptin, insulin and body composition in obese children during a weight reduction program; Background: Girls have higher leptin concentrations than boys at all stages of biological development and this is also seen in the state of obesity. Little is known about whether gender and biological development of obese children influence changes in leptin associated with a short-term weight reduction program. Objective: To study whether leptin concentration, body composition and insulin levels in obese children were influenced by a 3- week intervention program including diet and sports. Study Design: Sixty-two obese children (32 boys and 30 girls) were examined before and after the intervention program. Body composition was measured by bioelectrical impedance and BMISDS was calculated. Serum leptin and serum insulin were determined by RIA. Results: Girls had higher leptin levels than boys, before and after the weight reduction program. Body mass, fat mass (FM), leptin and insulin were decreased after the intervention in both sexes. We found a greater change in serum leptin in girls but the change in FM was of greater magnitude in boys. However, percentage changes in leptin were not significantly different between the sexes. Before the intervention, leptin concentrations were correlated with %FM, FM and moderately with BMI-SDS in all children. Only in pubertal boys did correlation of leptin with %FM increase after the intervention (from r=0.57 to r=0.75, p<0.01). Changes in leptin were found to be associated with initial leptin values in boys (r=0.95, p<0.01) and in girls (r=0.93, p<0.01), independent of Tanner stages. Conclusion: Serum leptin levels were positively correlated with adiposity in obese children and a diet and sports intervention program decreased serum leptin, insulin and body fat in all children. Changes in leptin were best described by the initial leptin concentration. The increase in correlation of leptin with %FM in obese pubertal boys after the intervention could have its underlying mechanism in an increased sensitivity to leptin and anabolic hormones. ER  - 
Premature adrenarche: Findings in prepubertal African-American and Caribbean-Hispanic girls; Premature adrenarche was previously thought to be a benign condition. However, the authors and several other research groups have noted hyperinsulinism and insulin resistance in many girls with premature adrenarche. African-American and Caribbean-Hispanic girls with premature adrenarche are frequently obese with marked hyperandrogenism, signs which correlate with the degree of insulin resistance (i.e., those girls who are obese and insulin resistant tend to have higher levels of adrenocorticotropic hormone-stimulated androgens). Also, girls with premature adrenarche and reduced insulin sensitivity can have subtle decreases in their high-density lipoprotein (HDL) profile. Many of these girls have a strong family history of type 2 diabetes mellitus. Preliminary data regarding long-term follow-up of girls with premature adrenarche indicate that those girls who remain obese are at risk of developing polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). The term 'syndrome X' refers to the constellation of laboratory and clinical findings associated with hyperinsulinism stemming from insulin resistance. These findings include obesity, acanthosis nigricans, glucose intolerance, type 2 diabetes mellitus, dyslipidaemia with reduced HDL and elevated low-density lipoprotein, cardiovascular disease and PCOS. Hence, for certain girls, premature adrenarche may be a part of the clinical spectrum of syndrome X. ER  - 
Endocrinology and metabolism after premature pubarche in girls; The prevalence of functional ovarian hyperandrogenism, hyperinsulinism and dyslipidaemia is increased in adolescent girls with a history of premature pubarche, defined as the appearance of pubic hair before the age of 8 years. The ovarian hyperandrogenism is characterized by clinical signs of androgen excess and an exaggerated ovarian 17-hydroxyprogesterone response to gonadotrophin-releasing hormone agonist stimulation. The hyperinsulinism and dyslipidaemia are detectable before and during pubertal development, and they are commonly accompanied by low serum levels of insulin-like growth factor binding protein-1 (IGFBP-1) and sex hormone binding globulin, and by an increased prevalence of anovulation from late adolescence onwards. In girls, premature pubarche, hyperinsulinism, low serum levels of IGFBP-1, dyslipidaemia, anovulation and hyperandrogenism (or various combinations of these conditions) have been related to reduced fetal growth, indicating that these constellations or sequences may have a prenatal origin. These findings suggest that premature pubarche in girls should no longer be regarded as merely a normal variant of development, but rather as a childhood marker pointing to an increased risk of a polyendocrine-metabolic disorder of prenatal origin. ER  - 
Hormonal changes during the first year of oestrogen treatment in constitutionally tall girls; Objective: Oestrogens are used to inhibit growth in girls with constitutionally tall stature. We studied the changes in different hormones that accompany such therapy. Subjects and methods: In this longitudinal study we examined the levels of total insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I), free thyroxine (FT4), thyrotrophin (TSH), testosterone, dehydroepiandrosterone sulphate (DHEA-S), cortisol and prolactin in two groups of girls receiving ethinyloestradiol at a dose of either 0.1 mg daily (group A, n = 22) or 0.2 mg daily (group B, n = 36). Hormonal measurements were performed at start of therapy and after 3, 6 and 12 months. Results: In both groups the levels of IGF-I, testosterone and DHEA-S were reduced while the concentrations of cortisol and prolactin were increased. The pituitary-thyroid axis was not significantly affected by this therapy. The girls receiving 0.2 mg ethinyloestradiol daily had lower IGF-I levels after 12 months of therapy and had higher serum prolactin concentrations than the girls treated with 0.1 mg daily. The reduction in predicted height and the advancement in bone age were similar in both groups. Conclusions: Therapy with pharmacological doses of ethinyloestradiol changes the levels of several hormones including IGF-I, testosterone, DHEA-S, prolactin and cortisol but the role of the respective changes in the inhibition of growth is not clear. The suppression of DHEA-S levels by 40% suggests that the ovaries contribute significantly to the production of this hormone in pubertal girls. ER  - 
Serum concentrations of insulin, insulin-like growth factor-I, and insulin-like growth factor binding proteins are different between white and African American girls; Objectives: To determine whether serum insulin-like growth factor (IGF)I and IGF binding protein (IGFBP) concentrations are different between African American and white girls. Study design: Serum glucose and hormone concentrations were measured in blood samples collected after a 12-hour fast from 79 white and 57 African American healthy girls between 9 and 17 years of age. Tanner stages of pubic hair development were evaluated by physical examination, and body composition by dual energy x-ray absorptiometry. Results: The African American girls were older and sexually more mature and had higher fat mass, higher serum insulin and free IGF-I concentrations, higher serum free IGF-I to total IGF-I ratio, but lower serum IGFBP-1 concentrations than the white girls. After controlling for sexual maturation and fat mass, the serum concentrations of total IGF-I, bound IGF-I, and IGFBP-3 in the white girls became significantly higher than those in the African American girls. The higher concentrations of total IGFI in the white girls were clue to a proportional increase in the concentrations of bound IGF-I that coincided with a similar increase in serum IGFBP-3 concentrations. Conclusions: Higher serum insulin concentrations in the African American girls are associated with lower serum IGFBP-1 concentrations and increased bioavailability of free IGF-I, which may contribute to their accelerated growth compared with their white counterparts. ER  - 
Advanced glycation end products in children and adolescents with diabetes: Relation to glycemic control and early microvascular complications; Objective: The measurement of serum advanced glycation end products (S- AGEs) in children, adolescents, and young adults with diabetes to determine whether increased S-AGE levels may be associated with long-term glycemic control and early microvascular complications. Study design: The study was performed in (1) 178 children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus (age range, 2 to 21 years, onset before the age of 12 years; duration longer than 2 years) without clinical and laboratory signs of microvascular complications, (2) 39 adolescents and young adults (age range, 16.1 to 28.8 years) with background or preproliferative retinopathy or persistent microalbuminuria, and (3) 98 healthy age- and sex-matched control subjects. Results: S-AGEs were significantly increased in preschool and prepubertal children with diabetes and were particularly elevated in pubertal subjects with diabetes compared with control subjects. S-AGEs were markedly increased in adolescents with early microvascular complications compared with both control subjects and diabetic patients without retinopathy or nephropathy. No correlation was found between S-AGEs and albumin excretion rate or blood pressure values. Glycated hemoglobulin values and S-AGEs were significantly correlated (r = 0.32; P < .01). In children with poorly controlled diabetes (HbA1c >10%), long-term (2 years) improvement of glycemic control resulted in a significant reduction of S-AGE levels in preschool and prepubertal children, as well as in pubertal individuals. Conclusions: S-AGE concentrations may be elevated even in preschool and prepubertal children with diabetes; this means that the risk of microvascular complications may be present at an early age. Improvement in glycemic control may be associated with a significant decrease in S-AGEs. ER  - 
Premenarchal and postmenarchal girls with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: Ovarian and other organ-specific autoantibodies, menstrual cycle; Study Objective: To estimate various organ-specific autoantibodies and detect other endocrine autoimmune disorders and menstrual cycle characteristics in girls with Type 1 insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM). Design. Prospective cohort study from 1993 to 1998, duration 4.5 years. Setting: Diabetes and Endocrine Clinic of the University Hospital, Motol, Prague. Patients: 53 IDDM girls (group A - 43 postmenarchal, group B - 10 premenarchal), 15.5 ± 2.5 (8-19) years old, 6.2 ± 4.3 years after IDDM onset. Main Outcome Measures: Ovarian autoantibodies directed to ooplasm, zona pellucida, membrana granulosa, theca folliculi interna, and lutein cells, insulin autoantibodies, thyroid peroxidase and thyroglobulin autoantibodies. Menstrual cycle character, endocrine glands disturbance. Diabetes control, body mass index, duration of IDDM. Results: Ovarian autoantibodies in at least one of the followed structures were found in 67.9% of the IDDM girls. In the control group of 21 healthy girls of corresponding age, the positive findings in lutein cells were found in only 4.8% of the girls (P < 0.01 versus IDDM girls). The lutein cells commonly associated with theca folliculi interna cells were the most frequent immunopositive structures in diabetic girls (P < 0.05 versus another positive ovarian autoimmune structure). Autoantibodies directed to ovarian steroid producing cells were frequent in IDDM patients with both irregular and normal menstrual cycles. Irregular menstrual cycles were diagnosed in 27.9% of IDDM girls, polymenorrhea in half of them, and oligomenorrhea in the remainder. Diabetes control in our patients (glycosylated hemoglobin HbA(1c) in postmenarchal girls 10.1 ± 2.0%) did not differ between those with regular and those with irregular menstrual cycles. Over a follow-up period one-third of the girls with oligomenorrhea and a long-term noncompliance (HbA(1c) 13.5%) developed secondary amenorrhea. Insulin autoantibodies were found in 67.8%, thyroid peroxidase autoantibodies in 12.5%, and thyroglobulin autoantibodies in 10.4% of the IDDM girls. Autoimmune thyroiditis was diagnosed in 5 IDDM patients (9.4%); hypothyroidism developed in 3 of them. Menstrual cycle was irregular in 3 of the 5 girls with autoimmune thyroiditis (polymenorrhea in 1, oligomenorrhea in another 3 girls). Conclusions: An increased incidence of various circulating autoantibodies may be markedly demonstrated in IDDM girls. Their reproductive function might have an important relationship to an evidence of ovarian autoantibodies. Menstrual cycle disturbances could be linked to the poor diabetes control, to the presence of ovarian and other autoantibodies, and also to other autoimmune disease. ER  - 
Anovulation after precocious pubarche: Early markers and time course in adolescence; Adolescent girls with a history of precocious pubarche (PP) are known to be at increased risk for ovarian hyperandrogenism, an endocrinopathy related to reduced fetal growth, but the characteristics of their ovulatory function have not been fully documented. We assessed ovulatory function by weekly urinary LH and salivary progesterone measurements over 3 consecutive months in 85 adolescent girls with known weight and gestational age at birth: 49 girls had no history of PP (age, 14.7 ± 1.7 yr), and 36 had a history of PP (age, 14.4 ± 2.0 yr); 55 girls were in the early postmenarcheal phase (0-3 yr after menarche), and 30 were in the late postmenarcheal phase (>3 yr after menarche). In girls with PP, the 17-hydroxyprogesterone (17-OHP) response to ACTH was determined at prepubertal diagnosis of PP, and serum androgen and gonadotropin concentrations were measured in adolescence together with insulin responses to an oral glucose load. Early postmenarche, the fraction of girls with ovulations was similar in the non-PP and PP subgroups (61% vs. 62%), as was the fraction of ovulatory cycles (25% vs. 22%). Late postmenarche, however, the fractions of ovulating girls and ovulatory cycles were strikingly higher (P ≤ 0.001) in the non-PP than in the PP subgroup (91% vs. 20% and 47% vs. 12%). Within the PP subgroup, anovulatory girls were found to have a lower weight SD score at birth (mean ± SEM) than ovulatory girls (-1.22 ± 0.3 vs. -0.36 ± 0.3; P = 0.03), a higher 17-OHP response to ACTH before puberty (333.1 ± 31 vs. 203.8 ± 26 ng/dL; P < 0.002), and, in adolescence, lower serum sex hormone-binding globulin levels and higher circulating LH, free androgen indexes, and insulin responses. In conclusion, these findings indicate that girls with PP are at increased risk for anovulation from late (not early) adolescence onward, particularly those girls with a low weight at birth and/or a high 17-OHP response to ACTH at prepubertal diagnosis of PP. ER  - 
A survey of the polycystic ovary syndrome in the Greek Island of Lesbos: Hormonal and metabolic profile; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is characterized by hyperandrogenism, chronic anovulation, and oligomenorrhea (O/M). PCOS has variable clinical phenotypes, biochemical features, and metabolic abnormalities. To determine the prevalence of PCOS in the Greek population as well as the metabolic parameters, we performed a cross-sectional study of 192 women of reproductive age (17-45 yr), living on the Greek island of Lesbos. They were divided into 4 groups according to the presence of hirsutism (defined as a Ferriman-Gallwey score ≥6) and O/M: group N (n = 108), regular menses and absence of hirsutism; group 1 (n = 56), regular menses and hirsutism; group 2 (n = 10), O/M and absence of hirsutism; and group 3 (n = 18), O/M and hirsutism. Body mass index, waist to hip ratio, and mean blood pressure did not differ among the studied groups. Hormonal profile was assessed by measuring free testosterone (FT). The prevalence of PCOS, defined by the presence of O/M and biochemical hyperandrogenism (FT ≥k95th percentile of the normal women), was estimated to be 6.77% (13 women of 192). Higher FT levels were observed in group 3 (O/M and hirsutism) compared with groups N (P < 0.00001) and 1 (P < 0.0001) and in groups 1 (hirsutism) and 2 (O/M) compared with group N (P < 0.0001 and P < 0.005, respectively). Sex hormone-binding globulin levels were lower in women with PCOS and in groups 1 and 3 that those in group N (P < 0.002, P < 0.02, and P < 0.002, respectively) in dependently of the body mass index. The metabolic profile was investigated by measurements of fasting glucose (FG), fasting insulin (FI), and estimation of the fasting glucose to insulin ratio (FG:I ratio). After covariance adjusted for the BMI, FI levels were higher in group 3 and in women with PCOS than in the normal (P < 0.00)5 and P < 0.002, respectively) and the hirsute (P < 0.05 and P < 0.02, respectively) women, whereas FG levels did not differ among the studied groups. The FG:I ratio was lower in group 3, group 1, and in women with PCOS than in normal women (P < 0.05). Finally, a high incidence of family history of diabetes mellitus (P = 0.001) and menstrual disorders (P = 0.01) was observed in women with PCDS, in contrast to the normal and hirsute women. In conclusion, PCOS appears to be a particularly common endocrine disorder in the Greek population under study (prevalence, 6.77%); furthermore, it is associated with certain metabolic abnormalities. These data also suggest that the severity of the fasting hyperinsulinemia is associated with the severity of the clinical phenotype of hy perandrogenism independently of obesity. ER  - 
Severity of osteopenia in estrogen-deficient women with anorexia nervosa and hypothalamic amenorrhea; Reduced bone density is observed in over half of women with anorexia nervosa (AN), in whom the risk of fracture is significantly increased even at a young age. It is unknown to what extent low bone density in AN differs from other conditions of premenopausal osteoporosis and is related to estrogen deficiency and/or other factors, such as nutritional status. We therefore investigated bone loss in nutritionally replete and nutritionally deplete amenorrheic women by comparing patients with AN (n = 30) to age-matched subjects with hypothalamic amenorrhea (HA; n = 19) in whom duration of amenorrhea, prior estrogen use, and age of menarche were comparable. Healthy, age-matched, eumenorrheic women were studied as a control group (NL; n = 30). Weight and nutritionally dependent factors including (body mass index, 20.7 ± 0.3 vs. 16.7 ± 0.3 kg/m2; P < 0.0001), insulin-like growth factor I (270 ± 18 vs. 203 ± 17 ng/mL; P < 0.01), percent body fat (26% vs. 19%; P < 0.0001), and lean body mass (38.7 ± 1.1 vs. 34.3 ± 0.8, P < 0.01) were significantly different between the HA and AN groups, respectively. The bone densities of the anterior-posterior (AP) spine, total hip, and total body measured by dual energy x-ray absortiometry were reduced in both amenorrheic groups compared to those in control subjects, but were significantly lower in women with AN than in those with HA. The t scores for AP spine and hip were -1.80 ± 0.15 (AN), -0.80 ± 0.22 (HA), and 0.28 ± 0.19 SD (NL) for the AP spine and -1.62 ± 0.17 (AN), -0.51 ± 0.21 (HA), and 0.25 ± 0.16 (NL) for the total hip, respectively (P < 0.01 for all comparisons). Among the amenorrheic subjects, duration of amenorrhea, age of menarche, and N-telopeptide were inversely correlated with bone density at all sites, whereas body mass index, insulin-like growth factor I, lean body mass, and fat intake were positively correlated with bone density at all sites measured. In multivariate regression analyses, bone density was most significantly related to lean body mass (P = 0.05 and P = 0.03 for the spine and hip, respectively), but not to the duration of amenorrhea or other indexes of estrogen status among patients with AN. In contrast, bone density of the lumbar spine was significantly related to weight and duration of amenorrhea among patients with HA. These data demonstrate that the severity of osteopenia in AN is greater than that in patients with HA and is critically dependent upon nutritional factors in addition to the degree or duration of estrogen deficiency itself. Lean body mass, independent of the duration or severity of estrogen deficiency, is an important predictor of bone loss among women with AN. ER  - 
The relationship between insulin, IGF-I and weight gain in cystic fibrosis; OBJECTIVE: In cystic fibrosis, reduced body mass is related to low levels of IGF-I and changes in the IGF binding proteins. Our aim was to determine whether these abnormalities are linked to pancreatic endocrine dysfunction. PATIENTS AND DESIGN: We measured serum levels of insulin, IGF-I, IGFBP-I, IGFBP-3 and IGF bioactivity in 77 fasting subjects (43 male) mean age 9-6 years (range 2.99-17.98 years). Data were analysed with respect of body mass, puberty and stature and compared with control data established in the same laboratory. RESULTS: The mean height standard deviation score (SDS (SD)) was -0.54 (0.97) and the body mass index SDS -0.24 (1.09). Both body mass index SDS (r = -0.40, P = 0.0003) and IGF-I SDS (r = -0.32, P = 0.009) declined with age. Insulin levels were also low and correlated with IGF-I and IGFBP-3 (r = 0.42, P = 0.0004, and r = 0.45, P = 0.0002, respectively) whereas levels of IGFBP-I were inversely related to those of IGF-I and insulin (r = -0.43, P = 0.0004, r = -0.52, P < 0.0001). IGF bioactivity was reduced and inversely related to IGFBP-I (r = -0.31, P = 0.009). In multiple regression analysis, body mass index SDS was negatively related to age (P < 0.0001) and positively related to insulin and IGF-I (P = 0.04, P = 0.03, respectively). Height SDS was correlated with IGF bioactivity (P = 0.003)and negatively with IGFBP-I (P = 0.01). CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that progressive insulin deficiency may result in reduced IGF-I levels and IGF-bioactivity and may determine weight gain and statural growth in cystic fibrosis. ER  - 
Prizewinners of the 1998 VFS spring meeting: Ovaries, hormones and menstrual cycles in adolescents; The relationship between ultrasonography of the ovaries, menstrual cycle, gonadotrophins, androgens and fasting insulin concentrations was studied in adolescents. The relationship has not been previously described. The data are part of the POPM study (Pubertal Onset of Menstrual cycle abnormalities: a Prospective study) that examines the natural course of cycle disorders in puberty among adolescents of northwest European descent. Fifty- eight adolescents with a regular menstrual cycle, 50 with an irregular menstrual cycle and 29 with an oligomenorrhoea participated in the study. The average age was 16.7 years. Polycystic ovaries were associated with oligomenorrhoea and an irregular menstrual cycle but without other symptoms of the polycystic ovary syndrome such as hirsutism, acne or obesity. In the total study population and in the oligomenorrhoea group, polycystic ovaries were associated with elevated LH, androstanedione, testosterone and dehydroepiandrosterone sulphate concentrations. No difference was found in insulin levels between adolescents with normal or polycystic ovaries. Hyperinsulinaemia does not appear to play a primary role in the development of polycystic ovaries or the polycystic ovary syndrome. ER  - 
Pronounced adrenarche and precocious pubarche in boys; In girls, pronounced adrenarche with precocious pubarche (PP) has been related to reduced fetal growth and to a cluster of endocrine-metabolic abnormalities. We examined whether these associations are also evident in boys with PP. The study population consisted of matched groups of boys (n = 58; age range 5-15 years) without or with a history of PP. After stratification for pubertal development, non-PP and PP boys displayed comparable results for the studied variables, including serum insulin-like growth factor 1, sex hormone binding globulin, insulin-like growth factor binding proteins 1 and 3, indices of circulating glucose and insulin responsiveness to an oral glucose load, and birth weight SD score. In conclusion, the present results indicate that adrenarche-driven PP in boys is, in contrast to PP in girls, not associated with a cluster of endocrine-metabolic abnormalities and is not related to reduced fetal growth. These observations support the view that adrenarchedriven PP in boys may be regarded as a variant of normal development. ER  - 
Increased prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus and impaired glucose tolerance in first-degree relatives of girls with a history of precocious pubarche; OBJECTIVE: To assess whether abnormal responses to an oral glucose load, dyslipidaemia and hyperandrogenaemia, which are commonly found in girls with a history of precocious pubarche, can also be detected in first-degree relatives of these patients. PATIENTS AND DESIGN: Sixty first-degree relatives (age, 41.4 ± 4.4 years; BMI, 26.9 ± 3.3 kg/m2) of girls diagnosed with precocious pubarche were studied. The prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus and the hirsutism score were assessed in the females. The study was performed during the early follicular phase of the menstrual cycle in females and at random in males. MEASUREMENTS: All subjects underwent a standard 75 g 2-h oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). Serum lipids and lipoproteins were measured in baseline blood samples in all subjects, while serum testosterone, sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) levels and the free androgen indices were determined only in females. Impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) and type 2 diabetes mellitus were diagnosed according to the criteria of the Expert Committee on the Diagnosis and Classification of Diabetes Mellitus. RESULTS: Seven subjects (11.6%) had type 2 diabetes while a further 14 (23.3%) had IGT; prevalences significantly higher than those reported for the present population of the same age (type 2 diabetes, 2.5% and IGT, 7.5%; P<0.001 and P<0.001, respectively). BMIs were similar in patients with either normal or abnormal glucose tolerance. Abnormal levels of at least two lipid parameters were found in 40% of subjects. Four out of 10 hirsute women and six non-hirsute women reported gestational diabetes. Mean serum SHBG levels were lower in female relatives compared with population controls (P<0.0005). CONCLUSIONS: First-degree relatives of girls with precocious pubarche are at a higher risk of impaired glucose tolerance and type 2 diabetes which, in most cases, is accompanied by an unfavourable lipid profile. Hyperandrogenism and an increased prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus are frequent among females. These data may prove useful in identifying a specific subset of the population at increased risk of developing metabolic disturbances known to predispose to cardiovascular disease. ER  - 
Dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate levels in women. Relationships with age, body mass index and insulin levels; Sex and age are the major determinants of serum levels of dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHEA-S): they are about twice in men than in women and show a progressive reduction from the end of the puberty to aging in both sexes. It has been reported that DHEA-S levels are also negatively influenced by insulin. Moreover, DHEA-S levels reduction has been associated to increased risk for cardiovascular disease, which connotes hyperinsulinemic states, such as obesity. We have evaluated serum levels of DHEA-S and insulin as function of age and body mass index (BMI) in 376 adult women (age 18.1-89.6 yrs, median 42.2; BMI 15.7-57.8 kg/m2, median 32.7) by multiple regression and piecewise regression analysis. Insulin levels positively associated to BMI (p = 0.000002) and DHEA-S levels negatively associated with age (p = 0.000001). Considering the whole population, DHEA-S levels were related positively with BMI (p = 0.0013) independently of age. DHEA-S were also directly related to insulin levels independently of age (p = 0.042), but this association disappeared after correction for BMI. Piecewise regression analysis did not reveal a threshold level for the increase of BMI (p = 0.0004). Interestingly, DHEA-S levels and BMI were positively associated before but not after menopause. Taking into account only obese population, (no. = 143, age 18.7-67.3 yrs, mean 39.0, median 39.4) DHEA-S levels were again related negatively with age and positively with BMI, while were unrelated with waist to hip ratio (p = 0.391). Our data show that increasing body mass and insulin secretion is not associated to DHEA-S reduction in women. This evidence suggests that DHEA-S is unlikely implicated in the pathogenesis of cardiovascular disease in obese women. ER  - 
Vitamin D levels in prepubertal children in Southern Tasmania: Prevalence and determinants; Objective: To describe the prevalence and determinants of 25-hydroxy D3 (25(OH)D) in children. Design: Cross-sectional study. Setting: Southern Tasmania between June and November 1997. Subjects: Two hundred and one 8-y old male and female children taking part in a cohort study whose principal endpoints were blood pressure and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol. Results: The mean 25(OH)D level was 79 nmol/l (s.d. 29.5, median 73, range 12-222). Boys had higher levels than girls (82.1 vs 72.8 nmol/l, P = 0.02). 25(OH)D was associated with sunlight exposure in winter school holidays (r = 0.20, P = 0.005) and winter weekends (r = 0.16, P = 0.02), the month after school holidays (87.5 vs 69.5 nmol, P < 0.0001) and body mass index (r = -0.23, P = 0.001). Dietary intake of vitamin D was low (mean 40 IU/day, range 5.2-384) and was not associated with 25(OH)D levels (r = 0.01, P = 0.91). Variation in skin melanin density was weakly associated with 25(OH)D (r = 0.09, P = 0.19). Conclusions: Sunlight is the major determinant of vitamin D stores in our population. Neither variation in skin type within Caucasians nor diet modified this association to any significant extent. Extrapolation of these findings to sunlight bone mass associations in a very similar population suggests that a minimum level of around 50 nmol/l in the population is required for optimal bone development in prepubertal children but this needs to be confirmed with further controlled trials of vitamin D supplementation and bone mass. ER  - 
Metabolic control in Bernese children and adolescents with diabetes mellitus type I; Aims/hypothesis: In diabetes mellitus type I, good glycaemic control is crucial in preventing long-term diabetic complications. The aim of this study was to determine the current level of metabolic control in children and adolescents in our diabetes outpatient clinic at the University Children's Hospital, Berne. Furthermore, the impact of different factors such as age, pubertal stage, sex, duration of diabetes and insulin regimen on glycaemic control was studied. Methods: In a cross-sectional, prospective study 168 children and adolescents with type I diabetes mellitus (f:m = 87:81; prepubertal 48 [mean age 4.4 years, mean duration of diabetes 2.8 years]; pubertal 120 [mean age 9.4 years; mean duration of diabetes 5.2 years]) were studied for three months. Clinical data and HbA(1c) levels (latex immunoagglutination test) were recorded, statistically analysed and compared with the international literature. Results: In our type I diabetic children and adolescents the overall HbA(1c) was 8.07 ± 1.15% (mean ± SD; test- specific norm for healthy subjects: 4.1-6.1%). Glycaemic control was significantly worse in the pubertal group compared to the prepubertal (HbA(1c) 8.22 ± 1.25% vs. 7.81 ± 0.87%; p <0.01). In addition, we found better metabolic control in patients with duration of diabetes below 2 years in children and adolescents (HbA(1c) prepubertal <2 years: 7.45 ± 0.67% vs. >2 years: 8.05 ± 0.93%, p <0.05; pubertal <2 years: 7.62 ± 0.75% vs. >2 years: 8.31 ± 1.29%, p <0.005). Importantly, sex and insulin regimen did not significantly influence glycaemic control. Conclusion/interpretation: The current level of metabolic control in our children and adolescents with diabetes mellitus type I is comparable to the glycaemic control of the intensively treated adolescent group of the DCCT-study, in whom decreased risk of long-term diabetic complications was found. In contrast, our patients were intensively treated in terms of frequent contacts with the diabetes team, but were not necessarily on an intensified insulin regimen. The impact of biopsychosocial support from multidisciplinary diabetes team on good metabolic control in children and adolescents with type I diabetes mellitus and their families seems to be very important. ER  - 
Cardiac autonomic dysfunction in diabetic children; OBJECTIVE - Adults with type 1 diabetes may have abnormal alterations in heart rate variability (HRV) due to cardiac autonomic neuropathy. This prospective study was performed to determine whether HRV can be used to detect subclinical autonomic neuropathy in diabetic children. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - We examined five time domain and three frequency domain HRV indices determined from 24-h Holter recordings in 73 diabetic children and adolescents aged 3-18 years (mean 12.1 years) with a mean duration of diabetes of 55 months. The measures were compared with normal ranges. Z scores were established for each parameter and were compared with classic risk factors of other diabetic complications. RESULTS - Most HRV indices were significantly depressed in children aged ≥11 years, and the levels of HRV abnormalities were significantly correlated with long-term metabolic control (mean GHb for 4 years) in that age-group. In younger patients, HRV indices were within the normal range and were not correlated with the level of metabolic control. Illness duration and microalbuminuria but not short-term metabolic control (most recent GHb) were also independently predictive of HRV abnormalities. CONCLUSIONS - These results suggest that early puberty is a critical period for the development of diabetic cardiac autonomic dysfunction. Therefore, all type 1 diabetic patients should be screened for this complication by HRV analysis beginning at the first stage of puberty regardless of illness duration, microalbuminuria, and level of metabolic control. ER  - 
Pubertal growth, final height and weight gain in girls diagnosed with IDDM during pre-pubertal period; OBJECTIVE: Girls diagnosed of type 1 diabetes mellitus during the prepubertal stage may present reduced longitudinal growth and have a tendency to be overweight after puberty starts. Our objective was to evaluate the growth, pubertal growth spurt, final height and weight gain of diabetic girls diagnosed of insulin dependent diabetes during the prepubertal period. PATIENTS AND METHODS: We evaluated retrospectively the longitudinal growth and body mass index (BMI) of 17 girls diagnosed of type 1 diabetes before puberty, from the time of diagnosis until final height. The effects of age at diagnosis, evolution time, insulin therapy (conventional or intensified), insulin dose and metabolic control on growth were analyzed. RESULTS: The final height attained was 161 +/- 4 cm, which is within the target height range. The height at diagnosis (0.31 +/- 0.71) was normal in relationship to the reference population, showing a significant reduction upon reaching the final height (-0.18 +/- 0.77). The BMI was significantly increased when it was compared at final height (0.99 +/- 0.79) with the index obtained one year after the onset of diabetes (0.04 +/- 0.63). The insulin therapy regimen did not affect the evolution of the patients and no significant relationship existed between the age at diagnosis, duration of diabetes, daily insulin dosage or metabolic control and height or BMI. CONCLUSIONS: The final height of type 1 diabetic girls is reduced and adolescent diabetic girls have a tendency to be overweight. Metabolic control (for the range observed in these patients) or insulin dosage does not seem to affect the growth of diabetic girls. ER  - 
How well are we doing? Metabolic control in patients with diabetes; Objective: To compare the present level of metabolic control in children and adolescents with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) attending Brisbane paediatric diabetes clinics with published overseas data. Methodology: Blood HbA1(C) concentrations, population characteristics, current treatment practices and short-term complications were recorded in all patients, aged 19 years and under, attending the diabetes clinics of the two Brisbane Children's Hospitals or the private practice of one of the authors (MJT) in the first quarter of 1998. Results: Two hundred and sixty-eight patients were assessed (M/F 142/126). Ages ranged from 1 to 19 years (mean 11.2 years); duration of IDDM was 0-16 years (mean 4.4 years); and 141 (53%) were pubertal. Of those aged less than 13 years, only 4% had more than two injections daily. Insulin doses (U/kg/day) rose with increasing age. Larger doses were required in regimens involving more than two injections per day than those involving one to two injections per day. Ketoacidosis or severe hypoglycaemia in the last 3 months were reported in eight (2.7%) and 17 (6.3%) of patients, respectively. Mean HbA1(c) (± SD) was 8.6 ± 1.4% (range 5.2-14.0%), with 33% of children having a HbA1(c) concentration < 8%. HbA1(c) concentrations were significantly related (P < 0.05) to insulin dose and to duration of diabetes, but not to severe hypoglycaemia, ketoacidosis, age, frequency of injections, or number of clinic visits per year. Mean HbA1(c) concentration was significantly higher (P< 0.05) in those children in puberty (8.7 ±1.5%) than in those not in puberty (8.5 ± 1.2%). Conclusions: Only 33% of patients had a HbA1(c) concentration less than 8% and 6.3% had a severe hypoglycaemic episode in the 3 months. These results are similar to published overseas data. ER  - 
Serum IGF-I and IGFBP-3 concentrations do not accurately predict growth hormone deficiency in children with brain tumours; OBJECTIVE: The growth hormone (GH)-dependent growth factors insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) and IGF-binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) may be superior to provocative GH testing in diagnosing GH deficiency (GHD) in children. In adults with brain tumours (BT) and GHD, however, provocative GH testing more accurately reflects GHD than either IGF-I or IGFBP-3. We assessed growth factor levels in children with GHD due to BT with respect to brain tumour type, pubertal stage, growth velocity, bone age delay, and body mass index (BMI). DESIGN: Retrospective case review of all patients followed at our centre with GHD following treatment of BT. PATIENTS: 72 children (51 M, 21 F) with BT diagnosed with GHD by clinical and auxological criteria, including provocative GH testing, in whom pre-GH treatment IGF-I and IGFBP-3 levels were obtained. MEASUREMENTS: Auxological data, including height, weight, growth velocity, and pubertal stage; and biochemical data, including GH response to provocative GH testing and pre-GH treatment serum IGF-I and IGFBP-3 concentrations. RESULTS IGF-I levels were normal (above -2 SD) in 19 of 70 children (27%), and IGFBP-3 levels were normal in 21 of 42 (50%). In children with GHD, pubertal stage correlated significantly with both IGF-I (r=0.328, p<0.006) and IGFBP-3 (r=0.364, P<0.02). Normal IGF-1 levels were found in 1/15 children with craniopharyngioma (Cranio) (7%), 10/30 with primitive neuroectodermal tumours (PNET) (33%), and 5/12 children with hypothalamic/chiasmatic glioma (HCG) (42%) (P<0.05). IGFBP-3 levels were normal in 4/13 Cranio patients (31%), 8/15 PNET patients (53%), and 6/8 HCG patients (75%) (P = ns). Tanner staging varied significantly among tumour types: mode=1 for Cranio and PNET vs. mode=3 for HCG (P<0.03). BMI did not differ between patients with low vs. normal growth factor levels. CONCLUSIONS: Low IGF-I levels were more predictive of growth hormone deficiency than low IGFBP-3 levels in our brain tumour patients, but both were poor predictors of growth hormone deficiency in children with hypothalamic-chiasmatic glioma and in pubertal children. Serum IGF-I and IGFBP-3 levels, therefore, do not always reflect growth hormone deficiency in children with brain- tumours, particularly in those with hypothalamic- chiasmatic glioma or those already in puberty. ER  - 
Oral health in children and adolescents with IDDM - A review; Children with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus have a lower salivary flow rate, pH and buffer capacity, but a higher glucose content and peroxidase, IgA, magnesium and calcium concentration, in comparison with healthy children. Nevertheless the incidence of caries is lower than normal in diabetic children with good metabolic control. Periodontal disease usually starts at puberty as mild gingivitis with bleeding and gingival recession, and it may develop into severe periodontitis, especially in children with poor control of diabetes. Microangiopathy, impaired immune response, different bacterial microflora and collagen metabolism are involved in the pathogenesis of diabetic periodontal disease. The gingival flora is mostly composed of Gram-negative, anaerobic bacteria, while collagen has a lower solubility and is atrophic and inadequate to support the occlusion forces. For these reasons, prevention of periodontitis is important in diabetic children; they should receive oral hygiene instruction and visit a dentist at least twice a year. ER  - 
Precocious pubarche, dyslipidemia, and low IGF binding protein-1 in girls: Relation to reduced prenatal growth; An increasing series of pediatric endocrinopathies and metabolic anomalies has been recognized as related to reduced prenatal growth. We have tested whether the association of precocious pubarche (PP), dyslipidemia, and low serum IGF binding protein-1 in girls is also related to reduced prenatal growth. Fasting serum lipids, lipoproteins, and IGFBP-1 concentrations were measured in 187 girls (83 without PP and 104 with PP; mean age, 11.8 y; range, 5-18 y) with known birthweight and gestational age, the latter being transformed into birthweight SD scores. Birthweight SD scores of girls with PP were lower than those of girls without PP. Within the group of PP girls, those with dyslipidemia and low IGFBP-1 had lower (p < 0.0001) birth- weight SD scores (-2.02 ± 0.23; mean z SEM) than those with normal lipids, lipoproteins, and [GFBP-1 (-0.37 ± 0.15), whereas girls with an intermediate number of abnormalities had intermediate birthweight SD scores (-0.80 ± 0.18). In conclusion, dyslipidemia and low serum IGFBP-1 in girls with PP were found to be related to reduced prenatal growth, an observation pointing to the prenatal origin of these metabolic abnormalities. ER  - 
Urinary excretion of albumin in adolescents with type 1 diabetes: Persistent versus intermittent microalbuminuria and relationship to duration of diabetes, sex, and metabolic control; OBJECTIVE - Urinary excretion of albumin is a marker for incipient diabetic nephropathy in adults. The intra-individual variability, as well as the relationship to duration of diabetes, onset of the disease, and long-term metabolic control, have not been evaluated in a large sample of pediatric patients. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - A total of 5,722 nocturnal urinary albumin excretion rates were determined in 447 children, adolescents, and young adults with type 1 diabetes, comprising 1,821 years of observation. Excretion rates were related to duration of diabetes, age at onset of diabetes, sex, blood pressure, and metabolic control. RESULTS - Based on repeated measurements in individual patients, the positive predictive value of one sample was 76%, the negative 99.5%. After a duration of diabetes of 11 years, 5% of patients displayed persistent microalbuminuria (10% after 13 years). The duration of diabetes until persistent microalbuminuria was identical for patients with prepubertal or pubertal onset of diabetes. In addition to duration, female sex (P < 0.03) and insufficient long-term metabolic control (P < 0.03) contributed significantly and independently to urinary albumin excretion. CONCLUSIONS - Determination of urinary albumin excretion rate is useful in pediatric patients. Female subjects with a long duration of diabetes and insufficient metabolic control are especially at risk for microalbuminuria. Even if persistent microalbuminuria usually becomes evident in patients aged > 11 years, the prepubertal duration of diabetes contributes equally to this risk. Good metabolic control therefore should be aspired to from the onset of diabetes. ER  - 
Zinc supplementation and bone growth in pubertal girls; We supplemented the diets of 47 peripubertal girls with zinc (15 mg/day) or placebo for 6 weeks. Zinc supplementation increased serum zinc. Insulin-like growth factor I and biochemical markers of bone turnover did not change, albeit dietary zinc was below the reference level (in 94% of individuals). ER  - 
Short longitudinal study of boys playing soccer: Parental height, birth weight and length, anthropometry, and pubertal maturation in elite and non- elite players; Ninety-eight young male soccer players were investigated for differences between elite players (E) and non-elite players (NE) in height, weight, BMI, skinfold, maturation, genetic potential for height, and birth weight and length. The subjects were included in the study at the age of 10-12 years and then examined three times with half-year intervals. Maturation was evaluated by testicular volumes. In addition, serum testosterone and insulin-like growth factor-I were measured. Adjustment for age was carded out because of a difference in age (11.9 [E] vs. 11.6 [NE] years) between the two groups. The players selected for the elite group were taller (152.7, 155.7, and 160 cm (E) vs. 147.4, 150.1, and 154.3 cm (NE), p = .015; MANOVA), had lower values for skinfolds (27.6, 28.3, and 27.5 mm (E) vs. 33.7, 35.1, and 36.1 mm (NE), p = .005), and greater testicular volume, compared with non-elite players (5.8, 7.6, and 9.3 ml (E) vs. 3.9, 5.0, and 6.6 ml (NE), p < .05). A tendency for higher values of serum testosterone in the elite group was present (p = .076), but no difference in IGF-I was found (p = .796). No differences in the genetic constitution for height was found. The present data shows that young soccer players selected for the best teams are taller, leaner, and more mature compared to young soccer players at a lower level. ER  - 
Urinary albumin excretion in children: Factors related to elevated excretion in the United States population; Past population studies have indicated a higher prevalence of high albumin excretion in children than in adults. In this study, NHANES III United States population data was analyzed to study factors associated with elevated albumin excretion in children 8 to 18 years of age. The analysis confirmed a higher prevalence of albumin values > 30 mg/g creatinine and > 200 mg/g creatinine in children than in adults, and indicated that girls are two to three times more likely to have albumin excretion above these levels than boys. Neither hypertension nor reported diabetes - major factors influencing albumin excretion in adults - accounted for the higher excretion levels in children. The higher excretion levels were not associated with prescription medications or a poor rating of the child's overall health status by a physician. The higher prevalence is influenced by puberty stage and is more likely to occur in children with lower than average body mass index, independent of the relationship with urine creatinine excretion. The increased prevalence of high albumin excretion is probably associated with normal development in children, but an increased susceptibility to chronic diseases in the future among the children with high excretion cannot be ruled out. ER  - 
Effects of high-impact exercise on ultrasonic and biochemical indices of skeletal status: A prospective study in young male gymnasts; Physical activity has been proposed as one strategy to enhance bone mineral acquisition during growth. The aim of this study was to determine whether frequent impact loading associated with gymnastics training confers a skeletal benefit on pre- and peripubertal male gymnasts. We measured broadband ultrasonic attenuation (BUA, dB/MHz) at the calcaneus (CBUA); ultrasound velocity (m/s) at the calcaneus (CVOS), distal radius (RVOS) and phalanx (PVOS); serum osteocalcin (OC); total alkaline phosphatase (ALP) and insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) every 3-4 months over an 18-month period in elite male gymnasts and matched normoactive controls (pubertal stage ≤2). Ground reaction forces of common gymnastics maneuvers were determined using a force platform and loading histories of the upper and lower extremities approximated from video recordings. Ultrasound results were expressed as a standardized score (Z score) adjusted for age, height, and weight. At baseline, no differences were detected between the gymnasts (n = 31) and controls (n = 50) for CBUA, although ultrasound velocity at each site was higher in the gymnasts (0.6-1.5 SD) than the predicted mean in controls (p ≤ 0.001). Over 18 months, CBUA Z scores increased significantly in the gymnasts from baseline (0.3 vs. 1.0, p < 0.05, n = 18). In contrast, ultrasound velocity did not increase in either group, although CVOS and RVOS remained significantly higher in gymnasts compared with controls (range p < 0.01 and < 0.001). No differences between groups were found for OC, ALP, or IGF-I at any time. Gymnastics training was associated with on average 102 and 217 impacts per session on the upper and lower extremities, respectively, with peak magnitudes of 3.6 and 10.4 times body weight. These results suggest that frequent high-impact, weight-bearing exercise during the pre and peripubertal period may enhance the mechanical competence of the skeleton, perhaps offering an important strategy for osteoporosis prevention if the benefits are maintained. ER  - 
Growth hormone-secreting pituitary adenomas in childhood and adolescence: Features and results of transnasal surgery; OBJECTIVE: Pituitary tumors causing gigantism are rare in childhood and adolescence. In a review of 2367 patients with pituitary adenomas who were treated between 1970 and 1997, we found 15 cases (0.63%, 9 male and 6 female patients) of growth hormone-secreting pituitary adenomas in patients who were less than 20 years of age at the time of surgery, and we compared their characteristics with those of adenomas in an adult group. METHODS: Patients were grouped according to their ages at the first operation, with five patients (33.3%) in the prepubescent group (0-11 yr), eight (53.3%) in the pubescent group (12-17 yr), and two (13.3%) in the postpubescent group (18- 19 yr). All 15 patients exhibited the typical symptoms of growth hormone oversecretion. The incidence of hyperprolactinemia among patients with prepubescent onset was 66.7%. Radiological examinations demonstrated microadenomas in 4 patients (26.7%) and macroadenomas in 11 patients (73.3%). The mean follow-up period was 73.5 months. RESULTS: Direct transnasal explorations were performed for all patients. Tumor invasion into the cavernous sinus was observed in six patients (40%). Radical tumor resection was performed for four patients (80%) in the prepubescent group, for five patients (62.5%) in the pubescent group, and for neither patient in the postpubescent group. Surgical morbidity was caused by permanent diabetes insipidus in three patients (20%). Rapid growth was postoperatively improved in 80% of the prepubescent age group. The recurrence rate was 13.3% (2 of 15 patients). CONCLUSION: Transnasal pituitary surgery was found to be as safe in pediatric patients with gigantism as in adults. Growth hormone-secreting pituitary adenomas in childhood and adolescence were more likely to be invasive or aggressive than were those in adulthood. The clinical biological characteristics for children were different from those for adults. ER  - 
Diabetes complication screening in 937 children and adolescents; Results are presented of diabetes complication screening in children and adolescents aged 6-20 years. Their diabetes duration was 0.0218.4 yr and median HbA(1c) over the preceding 36 months was 8.4% [IQR 7.8-9.3]. Gradable retinal photographs were obtained in 937:110 less than 11 years (<11 yr Gp). Albumin excretion rate (AER) was obtained from 3 timed overnight urine collections in 691:100 in <11yr Gp. Early retinopathy was found in 27% (9% in <11yr Gp). Microalbuminuria (AER ≥ 20 μg/min) was found in 4%. Significant individual risk factors for both complications were higher blood pressure, cholesterol, HbA(1c), pubertal staging, older age and longer diabetes duration. Using multiple logistic regression, significant risk factors for retinopathy were longer duration and older age and in addition higher HbA(1c). Diabetes complication screening detected early subclinical disease in children and adolescents who may benefit from lowering blood pressure and improving metabolic control. Screening should commence after five years of duration in young children, and after two years of duration in adolescents. ER  - 
Relationship between serum and urinary insulin-like growth factor-I through childhood and adolescence: Their use in the assessment of disordered growth; OBJECTIVE: Serum insulin-like growth factor-I (sIGF-I) measurement as an index of growth hormone status has become a common test in the investigation of disordered growth. IGF-I may also be measured in the urine. The aims of this study were to investigate the correlation between serum and urinary IGF- I in normal children and compare their use in the evaluation of growth disorders. DESIGN: Normal ranges for serum and urinary IGF-I were devised from a cross-sectional study of normal schoolchildren. These were then used to assess the sensitivity and specificity of serum and urinary IGF-I in the diagnosis of childhood GH deficiency. PATIENTS: A cohort of 333 (M = 156, F = 177) healthy schoolchildren aged 5-19 years were recruited and data previously collected from 22 growth hormone deficient (GHD) and 47 short normal (SN) children were compared with those of the normal children. MEASUREMENTS: Height, weight and pubertal status were assessed in all children. Serum IGF-I (sIGF-I) (n = 305) and total amount of urinary IGF-I excreted overnight (TuIGF-I) (n = 205) were measured by RIA using excess IGF- II to block the interference of IGFBPs. RESULTS: Serum IGF-I was log(e) transformed and overall levels (geometric mean ± 1 tolerance factor) were higher in females than males (F: 569 (329, 985)μg/l; M: 398 (227, 696) μg/l). Log(e)IGF-I correlated with age (F: r=+0.76, P<0.001, M: r=+0;71, P<0.001) and was significantly affected by both sex and Tanner stage of puberty (TS) (both P < 0.001). The distribution of TuIGF-I was normalized by performing a square root transformation (√TuIGF-I). √TuIGF-I was correlated with age (F: r=+0.36, P<0.001; M: r=+0.5, P<0.001) and was significantly affected by TS (P<0.001). In both sexes there was a highly significant correlation between log(e)IGF-I and √TuIGF-I (F: r=+0.39, P<0.001; M: r=+0.41, P<0.001). Using the third centile of our normal ranges as a cut off to identify GHD, sIGF-I had a sensitivity of 82% and specificity of 62%, whereas TuIGF-I had a sensitivity of 18% and specificity of 79%. CONCLUSIONS: This study demonstrates that although urinary IGF-I has no place in the diagnosis of growth disorders, in normal children there is a highly significant relationship between serum and urinary IGF-I with levels of each changing in a similar manner through childhood and adolescence. Thus, TuIGF- I could be used as a valid surrogate for sIGF-I in the physiological assessment of the relationship between IGF-I status and the normal growth process. ER  - 
Growth, puberty, and endocrine functions in patients with sporadic or familial neurofibromatosis type 1: A longitudinal study; Objective. This study prospectively evaluates parameters of growth, puberty, and attained adult height in children with sporadic or familial occurrence of neurofibromatosis type 1 (NF-1), followed up longitudinally, to define the most important factors affecting these parameters. Patients and Methods. The study was made up of 89 patients (55 boys, 34 girls) with sporadic (n = 45) or familial NF-1 (13 affected fathers and 31 affected mothers). The average age at referral was 8.9 years (range 8.5-15 years), and the average follow-up period was 8.5 years (6-15 years). A total of 28 patients attained adult height at the time of the report. Anthropometric measurements and bone age determinations were performed at 6- to 12-month intervals. As indicated, central nervous system (CNS) imaging was performed on 60 patients. Serum levels of thyroid stimulating hormone, free T4, lutheinizing hormone, follicle stimulating hormone, testosterone or estradiol, cortisol, and prolactin were measured in all patients periodically, and the pituitary growth hormone reserve was assessed in 32 short patients, Results. CNS pathology was found in 23 of the 89 patients. A total of 6 patients required neurosurgery, and 2 patients had cranial irradiation. Of these patients, 3 were receiving recombinant growth hormone and thyroxin replacement therapy and 5 patients with precocious puberty were treated with a gonadotropin-releasing hormone analog. All other patients had normal endocrine tests. Precocious puberty was recorded in 5 patients and was more common among the familial cases. The 5 patients with precocious puberty also had CNS pathology. Short stature (< 10th percentile) was observed in 25.5% of the patients during the prepubertal period with a significant gradual reduction of their relative height for age (standard scores) during puberty. Short adult height was noted in 12 (43%) of 28 patients, and only 50% of the 28 patients attained an adult height that was appropriate for their respective target height. Short Stature was more common among patients with familial NF-1, particularly if the father was affected, and among those patients with CNS pathology. Parental short stature was observed in 39% of the mothers and in 33% of the fathers (59% and 54% among the affected parents, respectively). Tall stature (> 90th percentile) was observed in 4 of 89 patients (4.5%), who all had CNS tumors. A highly significant correlation was found among all adult height-predicting parameters (r = .79), and attained adult height was best correlated with the target height (r = .7; n = 28). Conclusions. Short adult height is an important characteristic of NF-1 and deserves to be emphasized in the evaluation and follow-up of these patients during childhood. Short adult height is strongly linked with familial background of NF-1, in particular if the affected parent is the father, and is affected adversely by the relatively poor pubertal growth. Despite normal pituitary gland and thyroid function tests in most children and adolescents with NF-1, increased incidence of precocious puberty was observed. As the clinical expression in the second generation is more pronounced, the underlying mechanism seems to be mediated by genetic factors that are yet undefined. ER  - 
Surgical treatment of GnRH secretory hypothalamic hamartomas causing precocious puberty; Hypothalamic hamartomas (HHs) are benign lesions often associated with central precocious puberty. Resection of HHs has been recommended as a treatment option for selected cases, however recent reports stressed the role of effective medical management with a long-acting GnRH agonist. This paper describes incomplete response to the initial GnRH therapy and results of total resection of HHs. Five children two boys and three girls with physical signs of puberty at a mean age of 20.2 months (range 5-36 months) have been treated at our institution. All children had a pedunculated mass below the tuber cinereum. Two children were initially treated with GnRH agonist and had received follow-up care for 11 and 12 months respectively. These patients had incomplete regression of endocrinological disturbances to prepubertal level. Both patients were subsequently operated on. All five children underwent total surgical removal of HHs. The hamartomas were excised through pterional approach. Postoperatively two children showed transient third nerve palsy and one diabetes incipidus. There was no permanent disability due to surgical intervention. The clinical and biochemical symptoms and signs of precocious puberty completely regressed postoperatively including two cases treated initially with GnRH analog. The children have been followed for 1 to 6 years and no recurrence of puberty was observed. Surgical excision of pedunculated HHs is still a valuable option in the treatment of precocious puberty in small children. This alternative should be considered if the initial GnRH therapy failed to suppress++ puberty and reduce bone age advancement. ER  - 
Microalbuminuria in diabetic adolescents and children - Feasibility phase of a national cross-sectional study; Our objective was to assess the feasibility of examining the prevalence of microalbuminuria nationally and to validate the effectiveness of the collection and central analysis of biological specimens. In a centrally coordinated, cross-sectional, multicenter pilot study in pediatric,diabetes outpatients clinics in UK and the Republic of Ireland, blood and urine samples were collected from patients aged between 10 and 20 years, with a duration of insulin-dependent diabetes greater than 1 year attending diabetes outpatient clinics, between April 1996 and February 1997. These samples were analyzed at a central reference laboratory for HbA(1C) using high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) and for urinary albumin and creatinine concentrations using spectrophotometry. Clinical data were collected locally and sent to the coordinator for analysis. Atotal of 419 patients were recruited to the study from ten centers of whom 308 (74%) correctly provided three timed overnight urine samples; 13 patients (4.2%) were microalbuminuric (AER ≥20 μgmin-1 in at least two of three urine samples), 1 (0.3%) was proteinuric (AER ≥ 200 μgmin-1 in at least two of three urine samples). All patients found to have microalbuminuria and proteinuria were pubertal or post-pubertal. This study demonstrates that it is possible to coordinate a network of centers in the United Kingdom and the Republic of Ireland for the purposes of diabetes research in young adults and children. The level of abnormal albumin excretion of 4.5% is less than previously described in such age groups in other countries. Copyright (C) 1999 Elsevier Science Inc. ER  - 
The coexistence of endometrial cancer with second primary malignant neoplasms; OBJECTIVE: An epidemiologic study of multiple primary malignant neoplasms with endometrial cancer patients is presented. Coexistence of endometrial carcinoma with second primary malignant neoplasms was evaluated and controlled for age, residence, civil status, education, parity, menarche age, last menstruation age, length of reproductive period, blood group, hypertension, diabetes, body mass index, sterility, histological subtype, grading, staging. DESIGN: From 1984-1998 136 endometrial carcinomas have been evaluated in the Department of Gynecology & Obstetrics in Hospital of Słupsk retrospectively. All double and triple neoplasms have been histologically recorded, doubtful cases have been excluded. MATERIAL & METHODS: Of 136 endometrial carcinomas 16 (11.6%) were multiple malignant neoplasms. Of these neoplasms 9 (6.6%) occur together with breast cancer, 3 (2.2%) with ovarian carcinoma, 1 (0.7%) with stomach carcinoma, 1 (0.7%) with rectum carcinoma, 1 (0.7%) with carcinoma in focus of endometriosis and 1 (0.7%) coexists with double neoplasms (bowel and endometriosis carcinoma) During the 14-year period of study, 15 patients (11.0%) out of 136 patients diagnosed as having endometrial cancer had double and 1 (0.6%) had triple primary malignant neoplasms. There was not significant difference in age rate (p = 0.72), residence rate (p = 0.93), civil status rate (p = 0.76), education rate (p = 0.70), parity rate (p = 0.76), menarche age rate (p = 0.46), blood group rate (p = 0.45), hypertension rate (p = 0.94), diabetes rate (p = 1.0), not overweight status rate (BMI < 29) (p = 0.55), sterility rate (p = 0.45), histological subtype rate (p = 0.39), grading rate (p = 0.67), staging rate (p = 0.26) between both patients group (with and without second primary malignant neoplasma). We observed statistically significant difference in body mass index (BMI > 32) rate (p = 0.03), last menstruation age rate (p = 0.04), length of reproductive period rate (p = 0.04) between both patients group (with and without second primary malignant neoplasma). CONCLUSION: Patients with endometrial cancer should be carefully and regularly followed up by monitoring et every anatomic site, especially the breast, stomach, and colon, in order that the development of a second primary carcinoma can be detected as early as possible, and not be overlooked in examinations. Additional risk factors for endometrial carcinoma with multiple malignant neoplasma include: menopause occurring after age fifty-one; obese women with body mass index (BMI) higher than 32; reproductive period longer than 37 years. ER  - 
Comparative study of the two-period of epidemiological analysis of risk factors for breast cancer in indonesia. Does it change?; A case control study of epidemiological aspect of breast cancer especially concerning the risk factors and lifestyles in breast cancer patients had been carried out twice in Indonesia. Firstly in 1980-1981 (one year), performed by the University of Indonesia, Faculty of Medicine, Department of Community Medicine and Department of Surgery and 90 cases of breast cancer were compared to 90 controls. In the second study, performed under the International Collaborative Study on Breast Cancer between Indonesia and Japan (University of Indonesia from Indonesia and Nagoya University and Cancer Institute Tokyo from Japan), 300 cases of breast cancer were compared to 600 matched controls. In comparative analysis between the two studies, the following findings were obtained, it was estimated that there was no change of age distribution of breast cancer, which peaked at the age group of 40-49. There was no significant change of the stage distribution of breast cancer, although early detection program pioneered by Indonesia Cancer Foundation had been carried out since twenty years ago. Ten years difference was seen between the first study and the second study, while the distribution of cases according to education did not change significantly. The result of risk factor analysis showed that only irradiation and history of trauma increased the risk of breast cancer significantly in the first study, while obese, marital status, illiterate, pregnancy and lactation did not cause significant difference. In the second study, it was found that marriage and irradiation had protective effect in the development of breast cancer; while separated, widowed status, illiterate, pregnancy, lactation and trauma were found as significant risk factors in breast cancer development. ER  - 
Persisting obesity starting before puberty is associated with stable intraabdominal fat during adolescence; OBJECTIVES: To observe the evolution of intraabdominal adipose tissue (IAT) in obese prepubertal children, who did not change their degree of obesity during adolescence and to evaluate its relationship with metabolic risk indexes (RI). DESIGN: Longitudinal study of 16 obese adolescents (eight male and eight female) in whom relative body weight (RBW) did not change significantly and pubertal development was completed during the study period. MEASUREMENTS: Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scan at lumbar level (L4) three times during a 4 y period. At basal and at four years biochemical assays for metabolic indexes. RESULTS: IAT did not differ significantly over the three measurement times and showed significant correlations between first and second (r = 0.66, P < 0.005), first and third (r = 0.61, P < 0.01) and second and third values (r = 0.84, P < 0.0001). Subcutaneous adipose tissue (SAT) increased significantly from basal to third evaluation (P < 0.002). At baseline, IAT correlated significantly with lipids (total and LDL cholesterol r = 0.72, P < 0.004), while at the end of the study, IAT correlated positively with insulin (fasting insulin r = 0.55, P < 0.008, insulin area after oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) r = 0.60, P < 0.03, fasting insulin/glucose r = 0.67 P < 0.006) and negatively with high density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol (r = -0.55, P < 0.04). CONCLUSIONS: Obesity achieved before puberty, and stable during adolescence, showed a relatively stable amount of IAT. In post pubertal children the relationship of IAT to clinically significant risk factors resemble the pattern in obese adults. ER  - 
Serum prostate specific antigen, sex hormone binding globulin and free androgen index as markers of pubertal development in boys; OBJECTIVE: Prostate specific antigen (PSA) expression in the prostate gland is regulated by androgens. Serum levels of PSA are undetectable by routine assays in normal boys. Measurable values could serve as a marker for pubertal development. In order to explore this question, we measured serum PSA levels in normal boys throughout puberty and examined the interrelationships with various hormonal and physical developmental changes. DESIGN: Sera from 77 normal boys in Tanner stages I to V (T-I to T-V) were analysed for PSA levels by a sensitive time-resolved fluoro-immunometric assay (sensitivity: 0.012 μg/l). In addition, sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG), insulin like growth factor I (IGF-I), IGF binding protein 3(IGFBP-3) and testosterone were measured. RESULTS: PSA was detectable in 0% of Stage T- I (n=16), 33% of T-II (n=18), 65% of T-III (n=17) and 100% of T-IV (n=10) and T-V (n=16) boys. PSA levels rose significantly according to stage (P<0.05). Also, there were significant (P<0.05) increments in serum testosterone, IGF- I and IGFBP-3 levels from stages T-I to T-IV. PSA showed a positive correlation with testosterone (r=0.86, P<0.001), IGF-I (r=0.66, P<0.001), and IGFBP-3 (r=0.34, P=0.004) levels. Both PSA and these analytes, however, showed significant overlap between stages T-I and T-II with only 6/18 (33%) and o 12/18 (66%) of T-II subjects having PSA and testosterone levels, respectively, above the T-I range. In contrast, serum SHBG levels decreased markedly from stages I to II (P<0.001). At the calculated best cut-off point for SHBG of 50 nmol/l, 16/18 T-II subjects had values below the T-I range (sensitivity=89%). Because of this decrement of SHBG and the increasing testosterone secretion in early puberty, the Free Androgen Index (FAI=Testosterone/SHBG) could even better differentiate the onset of puberty with all except one of the T-II subjects having FAI levels above the T-I range (sensitivity=94.4%). The decrease of SHBG in T-II subjects coincided with an increase in total body weight (P=0.001) and body mass index (BMI, P=0.0003). Despite the continuing pubertal rise in testosterone, SHBG levels showed a rebound increment from T-II - T-III subjects (P=0.02) with a concomitant decrease in BMI (P=0.0014). CONCLUSIONS: Prostate specific antigen closely reflects serum free androgen activity during puberty. However, it was unable to differentiate the earliest pubertal development. In comparison, SHBG levels and Free Androgen Index are more sensitive markers for the onset of puberty in boys. The inverse association between SHBG levels and BMI in pubertal stages Tanner stages, I to III suggests that body fatness, via its effect on insulin sensitivity, may play an important role in the regulation of SHBG production during early pubertal development. ER  - 
Microalbuminuria prevalence varies with age, sex, and puberty in children with type 1 diabetes followed from diagnosis in a longitudinal study; OBJECTIVE - The predictive value of microalbuminuria (MA) in children with type 1 diabetes has not been defined. We describe the natural history of MA in a large cohort of children recruited at diagnosis of type 1 diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - Between 1985 and 1996, 514 children (279 male) who developed type 1 diabetes before the age of 16 years (91% of those eligible from a region where ascertainment of new cases is 95%) were recruited for a longitudinal study with central annual assessment of HbA(1c) and albumin excretion (three urine samples). Dropout rates have been <1% per year, and 287 children have been followed for >4.5 years. RESULTS - MA (defined as albumin-to-creatinine ratio ≥3.5 and ≥4.0 mg/mmol in boys and girls, respectively) developed in 63 (12.8%) and was persistent in 22 (4.8%) of the subjects. The cumulative probability (based on the Kaplan-Meier method) for developing MA was 40% after 11 years. HbA(1c), was worse in those who developed MA than in others (mean difference ± SEM: 1.1% ± 0.2, P < 0.001). In subjects who had been 5-11 years of age when their diabetes was diagnosed, the appearance of MA was delayed until puberty, whereas of those whose age was <5 years at diagnosis of diabetes, 5 of 11 (45%) developed MA before puberty. The adjusted proportional probability (Cox model) of MA was greater for female subjects (200%), after pubertal onset (310%), and with greater HbA(1c) (36% increase for every 1% increase in HbA(1c)). Despite earlier differences based on age at diagnosis of diabetes (<5, 5-11, and >11 years), the overall cumulative risks in these groups were similar (38 vs. 29 vs. 39%, respectively) after 10 years' duration of diabetes. CONCLUSIONS - Prepubertal duration of diabetes and prepubertal hyperglycemia contribute to the risk of postpubertal MA. The differences in rates of development of MA relating to HbA(1c), sex, and age at diagnosis relative to puberty may have long-term consequences for the risk of subsequent nephropathy and for cardiovascular risk. ER  - 
The effects of valproate, carbamazepine, and oxcarbazepine on growth and sexual maturation in girls with epilepsy; Objective. Antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) have endocrine effects that may interfere with growth and sexual maturation in children. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effects of AEDs on growth and pubertal development in girls with epilepsy. Study Design. Forty girls taking valproate (VPA), 19 girls taking carbamazepine (CBZ), and 18 girls taking oxcarbazepine (OXC) for epilepsy and 49 healthy control girls participated in the study, which included a cross-sectional clinical examination when the girls were 8 to 18 years old and a longitudinal growth analysis from the age of 1 year. Results. VPA, CBZ, or OXC did not affect linear growth or pubertal development in girls with epilepsy. However, the patients taking VPA gained weight, and an increase in relative weight was seen in girls who started their medication before as well as during puberty. The body mass index of the VPA-treated girls (19.8 ± 4.8 kg/m2) was higher than that of the control girls (18.0 ± 2.5 kg/m2) at clinical examination. The weight of the girls taking CBZ or OXC for epilepsy was similar to that of the control girls. Plasma insulin- like growth factor-I (IGF-I) levels were higher in girls treated with CBZ and OXC than in the control girls, but AEDs did not affect fasting serum insulin, IGF-binding protein-1, or IGF-binding protein-3 concentrations in girls on VPA, CBZ, or OXC medication during the period of exposure (average 2.8, 4.1, and 1.9 years, respectively) in this study. Conclusions. AEDs do not seem to have any adverse effects on linear growth or sexual maturation in girls with epilepsy. VPA-related weight gain can be seen already in prepuberty and it is not associated with hyperinsulinemia in these young patients. The clinical significance of high circulating concentrations of IGF-I in patients taking CBZ or OXC remains to be defined. ER  - 
Reproductive axis after discontinuation of gonadotropin-releasing hormone analog treatment of girls with precocious puberty: Long term follow- up comparing girls with hypothalamic hamartoma to those with idiopathic precocious puberty; Although the GnRH agonist analogs have become an established treatment for precocious puberty, there have been few long term studies of reproductive function and general health after discontinuation of therapy. To this end, we compared peak LH and FSH after 100 μg sc GnRH, estradiol, mean ovarian volume (MOV), age of onset and frequency of menses, body mass (BMI), and incidence of neurological and psychiatric problems in 2 groups of girls: those with precocious puberty due to hypothalamic hamartoma (HH; n = 18) and those with idiopathic precocious puberty (IPP; n = 32) who had been treated with deslorelin (4-8 μg/kg · day, sc) or histrelin (10 μg/kg · day, sc) for 3.1-10.3 yr and were observed at 1, 2, 3, and 4-5 yr after discontinuation of treatment. The endocrine findings were also compared to those in 14 normal perimenarcheal girls. There were no differences between the HH and IPP groups in age or bone age at the start of treatment, at the end of treatment, or during GnRH analog therapy. We found that whereas the peak LH level was higher in HH than in IPP girls before (165.5 ± 129 vs. 97.5 ± 55.7; P < 0.02) and at the end (6.8 ± 6.0 vs. 3.9 ± 1.8 mIU/mL; P < 0.05) of therapy, this difference did not persist at any of the posttherapy time points. LH, FSH, and estradiol rose into the pubertal range by 1 yr posttherapy in both HH and IPP. However, the mean posttherapy peak LH levels in both HH and IPP groups tended to be lower than normal, whereas the peak FSH levels were not different from normal, so that the overall posttherapy LH/FSH ratio was decreased compared to that in the normal girls (HH, 2.7 ± 0.3; IPP, 2.6 ± 0.1; normal, 5.2 ± 4.8; P < 0.05). The MOV was larger in HH than IPP at the end of treatment (3.7 ± 3.5 vs. 2.0 ± 1.2 mL; P < 0.05) and tended to increase in both groups over time to become larger than that in normal girls by 4-5 yr posttherapy (HH, 14.9 ± 12.9; IPP, 7.6 ± 2.2; normal, 5.4 ± 2.5 mL; P < 0.05). Whereas the onset of spontaneous menses varied widely in both groups, once menses had started, the HH group had a higher incidence of oligomenorrhea. Pelvic ultrasonography revealed more than 10-mm hypoechoic regions in 4 HH patients, 15 IPP patients, and 3 normal girls, all of whom were reporting regular menses. Live births of normal infants were reported by 2 HH and 2 IPP patients, and elective terminations of pregnancy were reported by 1 HH and 2 IPP patients. BMI was greater than normal in HH and IPP both before treatment and at all posttherapy time points and tended to be higher in the HH patients. Marked obesity (BMI, +2 to +5.2 SD score) was observed in 5 HH and 6 IPP patients, 1 of whom had a BMI of +2.5 SD score and developed acanthosis nigricans, insulin resistance, and hyperglycemia. Seizure disorders developed during GnRH analog therapy in 5 HH and 1 IPP patient, and 2 additional HH girls developed severe depression and emotional lability posttherapy. Although the mean anterior-posterior dimension of the hamartoma was larger in the HH patients with seizure than in those who were seizure free (1.7 ± 1.2 vs. 0.9 ± 0.4 cm; P < 0.05), no change in hamartoma size was observed either during or after therapy, and no patient has reported the onset of a seizure disorder posttherapy. Other than a tendency toward a larger MOV, a higher incidence of oligomenorrhea, obesity, and frequency of neurological disorders, recovery of the reproductive axis after GnRH analog therapy was not markedly different in HH compared to IPP. Continued follow-up of these patients may determine whether the decreased LH responses and increased BMI in both groups compared to those in normal girls remain clinically significant problems. ER  - 
Mortality and hormone-related exposures in women with diabetes; OBJECTIVE - Hormone-related events and exposures are related to mortality and especially to cardiovascular disease in women. We evaluated whether such exposures influenced risk in a well-defined group of women with diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - Women with younger- and older-onset diabetes who were identified during a population-based study were queried about number of pregnancies, age at menarche, use of oral contraceptives, use of estrogen replacement therapy, and menopausal status at examinations in 1984-1986. Analyses are limited to women aged ≥18 years (n = 398 and 542 in those with younger- and older-onset diabetes, respectively). Cohort mortality was monitored carefully, and causes of death were abstracted from death certificates. RESULTS - There were 58 deaths in the first group and 338 deaths in the second group since the 1984-1986 examination. The number of pregnancies was significantly associated with all-cause mortality (hazard ratio, 0.96 [95% CI 0.92-1.00]) in older-onset women only. CONCLUSIONS - These data suggest and are compatible with the notion that the hormone exposures examined are unrelated to cardiovascular mortality in women with diabetes, with the exception of a minimal effect of the number of pregnancies in older-onset women. Whether there is a difference in these exposure- outcome relationships between women with diabetes and those without diabetes is uncertain and requires further investigation. ER  - 
Growth and pubertal development in transfusion-dependent children and adolescents with thalassaemia major and sickle cell disease: A comparative study; Despite regular blood transfusion and desferrioxamine treatment, growth impairment and pubertal delay are commonly seen in children and adolescents with transfusion-dependent thalassaemia and sickle cell disease (SCD). We evaluated growth parameters and sexual maturation in a large cohort of children and adolescents with SCD (n = 110) and thalassaemia (n = 72) receiving nearly the same protocol of transfusion and chelation, and compared them with those for 200 normal age-matched children, 30 children with constitutional delay of growth (CSS), and 25 children with growth hormone deficiency (GHD). Before transfusion, haemoglobin concentration had not been less than 9 g/dl in the past 7 years; desferrioxamine was administered for 7-10 years, including by the intramuscular and subcutaneous routes, three times or more per week. The height standard deviation score (HtSDS), growth velocity (GV) (cm/yr), and growth velocity standard deviation score (GVDSD) of children and adolescents with thalassaemia and SCD were significantly decreased compared to normal children (p < 0.01). Forty-nine per cent of thalassaemic patients and 27 per cent of patients with SCD had HtSDS less than -2, and 83 per cent of thalassaemic patients and 67 per cent of SCD patients had HtSDS less than -1. Fifty-six per cent of thalassaemic children and 51 per cent of children with SCD had GVSDS less than -1. The GV of thalassaemic children was significantly slower than that for children with SCD. Children with thalassaemia and SCD had HtSDS and GVSDS comparable to those for children with CSS but higher than those for patients with GHD. Serum ferritin concentration was correlated significantly with the linear GV in all patients (r = 0.45, p < 0.001). The bone age delay did not differ among the three groups with thalassaemia, SCD and CSS, but the delay was significant in the group with GHD. The mid-arm circumference was significantly smaller in children with thalassaemia and SCD than in normal children. The triceps skin-fold thickness of patients with SCD was significantly decreased compared to thalassaemic and normal children. The upper/lower segment ratio was significantly lower in thalassaemic and SCD patients than in normal children. In thalassaemic patients between the ages of 13 and 21 years a complete lack of pubescent changes was present in 73 per cent of boys and 42 per cent of girls. Seventy-four per cent of the thalassaemic girls had primary amenorrhoea. Girls with SCD aged between 13 and 21 years had markedly delayed breast development and menarche. Twenty-five per cent of boys with SCD above the age of 14 years had absence of testicular development. Males with thalassaemia and SCD who had spontaneous testicular development had significantly smaller testicular volume than did normal controls. Short children with thalassaemia and SCD had significantly decreased serum insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) concentrations compared to children with CSS. Collectively, these data confirm the high prevalence of impaired growth and pubertal delay/failure in children and adolescents with thalassaemia and SCD. The aetiology of impaired growth includes the contributions of lack of pubertal growth spurt due to delayed/absent puberty, decreased synthesis of IGF-1 which might be secondary to a disturbed GH-IGF-1 axis and/or under nutrition, probably due to the hypermetabolic status of these children. It is suggested that newer protocols of treatment, in addition to optimization of transfusion and chelation requirements, should increase the caloric intake of these patients and properly manage their pubertal delay-failure in order to improve their adult height. ER  - 
Leptin concentrations in maternal serum and amniotic fluid during the second trimenon: Differential relation to fetal gender and maternal morphometry; Leptin, a hormone produced by adipocytes, provides information on the availability of fat stores to the hypothalamus and acts as an afferent satiety signal regulating appetite and energy expenditure in both rodents and humans [Zhang Y, Proenca R, Maffei M, Barone M, Leopold L, Friedman JM. Positional cloning of the mouse obese gene and its human homologue. Nature 1994;372:425-432; Sinha MK. Human leptin: the hormone of adipose tissue. Eur J Endocrinol 1997;136:461-4; Campfield LA, Smith FJ, Guisez Y, Devos R, Burn P. Recombinant mouse ob protein: evidence for a peripheral signal linking adiposity and central neural networks. Science 1995;269:546-9; Halaas JL, Gajiwala KS, Maffei M, Cohen SL, Chait BT, Rabinowitz D, Lallone RL, Burley SK, Friedman JM. Weight-reducing effects of the plasma protein encoded by the obese gene. Science 1995;269:543-6; Saladin R, De Vos P, Guerre-Millo M, Leturque A, Girard J, Staels B, Auwern J. Transient increase in obese gene expression after food intake or insulin administration. Nature 1995;377:527-9; Campfield LA, Smith FJ, Burn P. The OB protein (leptin) pathway - a link between adipose tissue mass and central neural networks. Horm Metab Res 1996;28:619-632; Blum WF, Kiess W, Rascher W, editors. Leptin - the voice of the adipose tissue. J and J Edition, JA Barth Verlag, Heidelberg, 1997]. In addition, leptin is thought to play an important role for reproduction and during gestation [Kiess W, Blum WF, Aubert ML. Leptin, puberty and reproductive function: lessons from animal studies and observations in humans. Eur J Endocrinol 1997;138:1-4; Barash IA, Cheung CC, Wigle DS, Ren H, Kabitting EB, Kuijer JL, Clifton DK, Steiner RA. Leptin is a metabolic signal to the reproductive system. Endocrinology 1996;133:3144-47; Chehab F, Lim M, Lu R. Correction of the sterility defect in homocygous obese female mice by treatment with the human recombinant leptin. Nature Genetics 1996;12:318-20; Kiess W, Schubring C, Prohaska F, Englaro P, Rascher W, Attanasio A, Blum WF. Leptin in amniotic fluid at term and at midgestation. In: Blum WF, Kiess W, Rascher W, editors. Leptin - the voice of the adipose tissue. J and J Edition, JA Barth Verlag, Heidelberg, 1997]. The purpose of this study was to gain more insight into a putative role of leptin during midgestation. Therefore we have measured leptin concentrations in maternal serum and amniotic fluid using a specific radioimmunoassay (RIA) employing human recombinant leptin for tracer and standard preparation [Blum WF, Kiess W, Rascher W, editors, Leptin - The voice of the adipose tissue. J and J Edition, JA Barth Verlag, Heidelberg, 1997; Blum WF, Englaro P, Heiman M, Attanasio Am, Kiess W, Rascher W. Clinical studies of serum leptin. In: Blum WF, Kiess W, Rascher W. Leptin - The voice of the adipose tissue. J and J Edition, JA Barth Verlag, Heidelberg, 1997; Blum WF, Englaro P, Heiman M, Attanasio AM, Kiess W, Rascher W. Plasma leptin levels in healthy children and adolescents: dependence on body mass index, body fat mass, gender, pubertal stage and testosterone. J Clin Endocrinol Metab 1997;82:2904-2910]. In addition, estriol, hCG and alphafetoprotein were measured in maternal serum. We have asked whether or not leptin concentrations in maternal serum and amniotic fluid were related to maternal BMI and skinfold thickness. Sixty-three healthy pregnant women who were later found to deliver healthy, term children and as a control group 39 healthy non-pregnant women were included in the study. Maternal age was 35 years (median, range 24-46) and gestational age at amniocentesis 14-17 weeks (range). Leptin concentrations in maternal serum at amniocentesis were 3.2-51.9 ng/ml (range) and in amniotic fluid 2.3-30.2 ng/ml (range). Serum leptin levels from non-pregnant women were 2.7-55.4 ng/ml (range). Maternal leptin serum concentrations at the time of amniocentesis correlated significantly with BMI (r=0.54, P<0.001), and with maternal skinfold measurements (iliac r=0.53, P<0.001, subscapular r=0.44, P<0.001; triceps r=0.39, P<0.002 and biceps r=0.41, P<0.001). Similar relations of leptin serum levels and BMI (r=0.53, P=0.001) and skinfold thickness (iliac r=0.65, P<0.001, subscapular r=0.55, P<0.001, triceps r=0.34, P<0.036 and biceps r=0.38, P<0.016) were found in the non-pregnant control group. In contrast, leptin levels in amniotic fluid did not correlate with maternal BMI, skinfold thickness and leptin levels in maternal serum at midgestation. Interestingly, the amniotic fluid leptin levels of girls were significantly higher than those of boys (2.6-30.2 ng/ml (range) versus 2.3-15.6 ng/ml (range)). In conclusion, high leptin concentrations are found in maternal serum and amniotic fluid at midgestation. Maternal leptin levels and leptin levels in amniotic fluid seem to be derived from different sources. We hypothesize that leptin plays gestation-specific differential roles for the mother and the fetus. Copyright (C) 1999 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd. ER  - 
Serum osteocalcin and insulin-like growth factor I levels in children with congenital adrenal hyperplasia; Patients with the virilizing forms of congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH) need a life-long glucocorticoid replacement therapy and also an additional mineralocorticoid replacement in cases with the salt-wasting form of the disease. Glucocorticoids are reported to decrease the serum osteocalcin levels and to inhibit the effects of insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I). To collect data on the age related patterns of osteocalcin and IGF-I production in patients with CAH, measurements of these compounds have been carried out in a considerably large sample of treated CAH patients and control subjects in childhood and adolescence. Data of 62 patients between 0.3-19 years of age were compared to the data of 188 control children. Osteocalcin and IGF-I were determined by radioimmunoassay. A lower than normal level of serum osteocalcin was found in both male and female patients at chronological ages above 11.6 and 9.6 years, respectively. Furthermore, no pubertal osteocalcin peak could be seen when data were evaluated according to the bone age. Serum IGF-I levels were higher in male CAH patients at the chronological age of 0.3-15.5 years and in female patients at the chronological age of 4.6-9.5 years. In pubertal years serum IGF-I concentrations were lower in CAH patients when data were evaluated according to the bone age. We conclude that serum osteocalcin is decreased during and after puberty in CAH patients on replacement doses of glucocorticoids. Normal to elevated serum levels of IGF-I in treated CAH cases suggest that the shorter final height of these patients may not be due to the decreased activity in the growth hormone-IGF-I axis, but rather to the advanced bone maturation and the premature epiphyseal fusion. Copyright (C) 2000 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Age at onset and long-term metabolic control affect height in type-1 diabetes mellitus; Reduced height as a consequence of type-I-diabetes mellitus in childhood has been reported in many studies. However, it is still debated whether good metabolic control can normalize the growth rate. A total of 436 children (204 boys, 232 girls, mean age at diagnosis of diabetes 8.2 ± 0.2 years) were followed at our outpatient diabetes centre. Z-scores for height were evaluated in relation to duration of diabetes, age at onset and long-term metabolic control. At diagnosis, height in children with diabetes was significantly above the reference population (+0.43 ± 0.09). Standardized height decreased during the subsequent course of diabetes. This likely represents a delay of growth, as the final height (chronological age > 18 years, n = 144) was +0.27 ± 0.09. Growth reduction was more pronounced in patients diagnosed before the onset of puberty and final height in patients with a prepubertal onset of diabetes was significantly lower (+0.10 ± 0.13) compared to patients with a pubertal/postpubertal onset (+0.52 ± 0.14). Among patients with a prepubertal onset, the subgroup with 'poor' metabolic control (long-term median HbA(1c) > 7%) lost significantly more height compared to patients with 'good' metabolic control. Conclusion: Despite modern treatment regimens, reduced longitudinal growth can still be demonstrated in type-I diabetes. This parameter therefore provides a valuable endpoint for quality control in paediatric diabetology. ER  - 
High prevalence of low bone mass in thalassaemia major; Cooley's original description of β-thalassaemia major included marked bone deformities as a characteristic feature. These were thought to be due to expansion of haemopoiesis attempting to compensate for the congenital anaemia. Regular blood transfusions from infancy prevents these skeletal problems. Nevertheless, symptoms due to bone disease frequently occur in adult patients. Osteoporosis has not previously been reported as a cause of severe morbidity in thalassaemia major. The present study shows a high prevalence of low bone mass among thalassaemia major patients and analyses the predisposing causes. Bone density scans were performed in 82 patients with transfusion-dependent β thalassaemia. Factors known to be associated with low bone mass such as gender, endocrine disorders and lifestyle activities, together with factors specific to the thalassaemia and its management, were included in a series of univariate analyses to ascertain any significant associations. 42 (51%) of the patients had severely low bone mass and a further 37 (45%) had low bone mass. The three factors showing a statistically significant association with severely low bone mass were male sex, 24/38 (63%) males had severely low bone mass, compared with 18/44 (41%) females, the lack of spontaneous puberty, 22/32 (69%) who required therapeutic induction of pubertal development had severely low bone mass, compared with 19/47 (40%) with spontaneous puberty and diabetes, 8/10 (80%) diabetic patients had severely low bone mass, compared with 23/56 (41%) with normal glucose tolerance. There was no association between the bone mineral density measurements and the haematological characteristics or treatment details of these patients. Severely low and low bone mass are common findings in patients with β-thalassaemia major despite optimal transfusion and iron chelation. The associated features suggest that the severely low bone mass is due to endocrine abnormalities, in contrast to the haematological causes of bone disease characteristically seen in untreated thalassaemics. ER  - 
Growth and management of short stature in thalassaemia major; With modern treatment and longer survival of patients with homozygous beta-thalassaemia endocrine dysfunction assumes greater importance. Short stature, delayed puberty and hypogonadism are major problems in both adolescent and adult patients. Growth failure has been attributed to GH deficiency (hypothalamic or pituitary), hypothyroidism, delayed sexual maturation, hypogonadism, diabetes mellitus, zinc deficit, low Hb levels, bone disorders and desferrioxamine toxicity. The present report concentrates on the incidence of short stature among children aged 7-8 years (n = 50) and young adults aged 20-29 years (n = 93) with blood transfusion dependent homozygous beta-thalassaemia appropriately treated who have entered and completed puberty spontaneously (n = 45) or with treatment (n = 48) and have attained final height. It also concentrates on the role of GH in the growth retardation of 65 blood transfusion dependent thalassaemia major patients, their GH response to provocative stimulation, the effect of rhGH therapy on growth and final height in 13 patients who had GH deficiency and the effect of long acting androgens on growth and final height of 11 short boys with thalassaemia major, delayed puberty and normal GH secretion. Conclusion: 8% of young boys with thalassaemia major aged 7-8 years have short stature. 12% of the older boys and 15% of the older girls without endocrinopathies had height < 3(rd) percentile. This incidence was 29% when endocrinopathies were present. GH deficiency is rare among short blood transfusion dependent thalassaemia major patients (20%) and seems to play a limited role in the etiology of growth retardation. One year treatment with rhGH improved growth rate and predicted height without causing serious metabolic problems. Long term administration of rhGH is also safe and promising. Patients with thalassaemia major can achieve acceptable final heights but below their target heights with rhGH therapy. Low dose long acting sex steroid treatment in boys with delayed puberty, delayed bone age and without GH deficiency for a year or more is safe and can produce similar results to those obtained with rhGH therapy. ER  - 
Serum leptin levels in young females with insulin-dependent diabetes and the relationship to hyperandrogenicity and microalbuminuria; To investigate the relationship between leptin levels and IDDM with and without microalbuminuria, fasting serum levels of leptin, insulin, insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1), sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG), testosterone (SHBG) ratio, blood pressure and body mass index (BMI) were measured in 18 normo- and 11 microalbuminuric females with > 5 years of IDDM, and 24 healthy controls in late puberty. Leptin levels were higher in micro- than normoalbuminuric IDDM patients, and lower in healthy controls than in both IDDM groups (p < 0.05, respectively). In multiple regression analysis, presence of IDDM and BMI independently contributed to increased leptin values (R2 = 0.34, p < 0.001). Including IDDM females only, solely low IGF-1 and high testosterone/SHBG were associated with leptin (R2 = 0.39, p = 0.009). Albumin excretion rate (AER) was correlated to leptin (r = 0.48, p = 0.01). With AER as the dependent variable only serum leptin and diastolic blood pressure added to the regression (R2 = 0.59, p < 0.001). In conclusion, serum leptin, independently of BMI, is: (1) increased in IDDM females of late puberty; (2) associated with low IGF-1 and hyperandrogenemia, and (3) related to increased albumin excretion rate in IDDM females. ER  - 
The acid-labile subunit of human ternary insulin-like growth factor binding protein complex in serum: Hepatosplanchnic release, diurnal variation, circulating concentrations in healthy subjects, and diagnostic use in patients with growth hormone deficiency; Circulating insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) is predominantly bound in the trimeric complex comprised of IGF binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) and acid-labile subunit (ALS). Circulating concentrations of IGF-I, IGFBP-3 and ALS are believed to reflect the GH secretory status, but the clinical use of ALS determination is not known. We therefore, determined the: 1) hepatosplanchnic release of ALS by liver vein catheterization (n = 30); 2) 24-h diurnal variation of ALS (n = 8); 3) normal age-related ranges of circulating ALS (n = 1158); 4) diagnostic value of ALS in 108 patients with childhood-onset GH deficiency (GHD). We found: 1) no significant arteriovenous gradient over the liver of ALS, IGF-I, and IGFBP-3; 2) the diurnal variation of ALS was 12% (mean coefficient of variation percent); 3) ALS levels increased throughout childhood with maximal levels in puberty, with a subsequent decrease with age in adults; and 4) ALS levels were below - 2 SD in 57 of 79 GHD patients (sensitivity 72%) and above 2 SD in 22 of 29 patients with normal GH response (specificity 76%), which was similar, compared with the diagnostic utility of IGF-I and IGFBP-3. Finally, our findings indicate that hepatic ALS production is not measurable by this approach or, alternatively, that the liver is not the primary source of circulating ALS, IGF-I, or IGFBP-3 in humans. In conclusion, we have provided extensive normal data for a novel ALS assay and found that circulating ALS levels exhibit minor diurnal variation. We suggest that ALS determination may be used in future classification of adults suspected of GHD. ER  - 
Developmental changes in the relationship between IGF-I and body composition during puberty; To examine the hypothesis that anthropometric measures and physical fitness influence circulating insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) during puberty, we measured IGF-I, free IGF-I, IGFBP-1, and IGFBP-3 concentrations in 156 healthy girls (9-16 years old) characterized by aerobic capacity (Vo(2max)), fat-free mass (FFM), percent fat mass and pubertal development. IGF-I, free IGF-I and IGFBP-3 increased with pubertal development while IGFBP-1 declined. Percent fat mass correlated inversely with IGFBP-1 (r = - 0.57) and directly with insulin (r = 0.50), while Vo(2max) correlated inversely with percent fat mass (r = -0.63), body mass index (BMI, r = - 0.57), and FFM (r = -0.40). When subdivided by Tanner stage, IGF-I correlated directly with weight, height, BMI, and FFM in pre-pubertal girls, but these relationships all diminished or disappeared completely by late puberty. Inverse correlations between IGF-I and percent fat mass, and direct correlations between IGF-I and Vo(2max) as observed previously in adults, were not seen until late puberty. These data suggest that in pre-pubertal and early pubertal girls, IGF-I concentrations in blood reflect overall somatic size. This relationship between IGF-I and body size diminishes with sexual maturation, while correlations between IGF-I and both fitness and fatness emerge. ER  - 
Precocious pubarche, hyperinsulinism, and ovarian hyperandrogenism in girls: Relation to reduced fetal growth; Pronounced adrenarche with precocious pubarche (PP) in girls has been associated with hyperinsulinism and subsequent functional ovarian hyperandrogenism (FOH). Recently, pronounced adrenarche and insulin resistance have each been related to low birth weight. We have now tested the hypothesis that the frequent concurrence of PP with pronounced adrenarche, FOH, and hyperinsulinemia in girls may be secondary to separate relationships between these conditions and low birth weight. A total of 185 girls (aged 5- 18 yr) without endocrinopathy or with PP and pronounced adrenarche with or without FOH were studied; mean serum insulin (MSI) concentrations were determined after a standardized oral glucose tolerance test. Birth weight SD scores [mean (SEM)] of control girls (0.38 ± 0.08; n = 83) were higher (P < 0.0001) than those of PP girls (-0.81 ± 0.13; n = 102). Among postmenarcheal PP girls, birth weight SD scores of girls without FOH (-0.25 ± 0.19; n = 25) were higher (P < 0.0001) than those in girls with FOH (-1.51 ± 0.28; n = 23). In pubertal girls (n = 145), MSI levels correlated negatively with birth weight SD scores (r = -0.48; P < 0.05), independently of PP. MSI levels in girls with birth weight below 1 SD (93 ± 9 mU/L; n = 33) were higher (P < 0.0001) than those in girls with birth weight between -1 and +1 SD (52 ± 2 mU/L; n = 94), whereas glycemia profiles were comparable. Integration of the aforementioned data suggests that there may be a sequence in the associations between reduced fetal growth and components of the postnatal endocrine system; minor fetal growth reduction appears to be associated with amplified adrenarche, whereas more pronounced prenatal growth restriction seem to precede FOH and hyperinsulinemia during adolescence. In conclusion, these findings corroborate the hypothesis that the frequent concurrence of PP (with pronounced adrenarche), FOH, and hyperinsulinemia in girls may result from a common early origin (low birth weight serving as a marker), rather than from a direct interrelationship later in life. ER  - 
Enhanced progression of urinary albumin excretion in IDDM during puberty; OBJECTIVE - To determine whether the progression of urinary albumin excretion rate (AER) is higher during puberty than before or after this period. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - A prospective study was conducted in which normoalbuminuric prepubertal (n = 20), pubertal (n = 28), and postpubertal (n = 26) IDDM groups matched for diabetes duration and long- term metabolic control were followed for 3 years. At 6-month intervals, 24-h urine collection was used to determine AER. RESULTS - AER increased significantly over a period of 3 years in the pubertal (P = 0.001) and postpubertal (P = 0.003) subjects but not in prepubertal subjects. The annual progression of AER was significantly higher in the pubertal group than in the prepubertal (P = 0.001) or postpubertal (P = 0.001) groups. Six pubertal, two postpubertal, and none of the prepubertal subjects developed microalbuminuria (AER ≥20 μg/min on two consecutive occasions) over a 3-year period (P = 0.047). Multiple logistic regression analysis showed that the risk of development of microalbuminuria was increased in pubertal subjects compared with the prepubertal and postpubertal subjects (adjusted relative risk [95% CI]: 4.3 [1.5-9.3], P = 0.012. and 2.1 [1.1-5.0]. P = 0.023, respectively). CONCLUSIONS - Puberty represents an independent risk of the development of microalbuminuria in diabetes. This finding suggests that the endocrine changes of puberty lead to an accelerated process of early kidney damage in diabetes. In pediatric diabetes care, screening for microalbuminuria is needed soon after the onset of puberty. ER  - 
Metabolic and immune parameters at clinical onset of insulin-dependent diabetes: A population-based study; The age at diagnosis of insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (type I DM) varies between childhood and adulthood. The aim of this study was to define the immunologic and metabolic characteristics of the disease according to the age at which it is diagnosed. We evaluated the residual β-cell function (basal and stimulated C-peptide) and frequency of two major islet cell- related autoantibodies, glutamic acid decarboxylase (GAD) and tyrosine phosphatase-like molecule (IA-2ic), at the onset of type I DM. A population- based study was performed with 235 consecutive cases of recent-onset (<4 weeks) type I DM (ages 5 to 45 years) diagnosed in the Lazio region of central Italy. Five age groups were considered: patients diagnosed between ages 5 and 7 years (n = 10), 7 and 10 years (n = 38), 10 and 17 years (n = 94), 17 and 20 years (n = 17), and 20 and 45 years (n = 76). Patients diagnosed before puberty had significantly reduced C-peptide secretion compared with patients diagnosed at a later age (P < .02) Glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA(1c)) did not differ at diagnosis between the different age groups. Patients diagnosed at puberty or after required significantly less insulin compared with younger patients (P < .04). GAD antibodies were found in 65% and IA-2ic antibodies in 59% of patients. GAD antibodies tended to be more frequent in patients diagnosed after age 17 compared with younger patients (P = .05), while IA-2ic antibodies were not age-related. These data suggest that (1) the extent of β-cell damage differs between patients diagnosed before and after puberty, the process being more destructive in children less than 7 years of age, when C-peptide levels are the lowest; and (2) residual β-cell function at diagnosis is not influenced by the presence or absence of islet cell-related antibodies. These findings have implications for trials in type I DM diagnosis aimed at protecting β cells from end- stage destruction and in attempts to prevent the disease in susceptible individuals. ER  - 
Pubertal growth in IDDM is determined by HbA(1c) levels, sex, and bone age; OBJECTIVE - In cross-sectional studies of subjects with IDDM, the relationship between suboptimal pubertal growth, glycemic control, and abnormal insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) levels has proved difficult to define. The objective of this study was to examine these relationships in a longitudinal prospective study. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - A total of 46 children (23 boys) were measured every 3 months, and their bone age was assessed annually. Blood samples were obtained for HbA(1c), IGF-I, and C- peptide. Growth data were compared with national standards, and IGF-I data were compared with a parallel longitudinal study of normal schoolchildren. Data were analyzed as SD scores (mean ± SD). RESULTS - The onset of puberty was not delayed, although in the girls, bone age was advanced (bone age, 11.48 ± 1.01 years vs. chronological age, 10.93 ± 0.86 years [mean ± SD]; P = 0.04). The timing of peak height velocity (PHV) was normal in both sexes, but the magnitude was reduced in girls (PHV SDS = -0.56 ± 0.90, P < 0.02), and reductions in height SDS between diagnosis and final height were observed (P = 0.014). At PHV, IGF-I levels were reduced in both sexes, and there were no sex differences in HbA(1c) levels and insulin doses. IGF-I SDS correlated with insulin dose (r = 0.47, P = 0.004) but not with PHV SDS, whereas HbA(1c) correlated negatively with PHV SDS in both sexes (r = -0.35, P = 0.03). In a stepwise multiple regression analysis, the major determinants of PHV SDS were HbA(1c) (P = 0.04), sex (P = 0.0007), and bone age (P = 0.01). CONCLUSIONS - We conclude that the magnitude of the pubertal growth spurt is related to HbA(1c) levels in both sexes, but it is reduced only in girls. This sexual dimorphism cannot be explained by differences in IGF-I levels and may relate to the bone age advance at the onset of puberty in the girls. ER  - 
Clinical evaluation in isolated hypogonadotrophic hypogonadism (Kallmann syndrome); Objective: To describe the clinical features, laboratory investigation and treatment of Kallmann syndrome. Design: A retrospective study of patients treated in the Endocrine Clinic of the Royal Children's Hospital and St Vincent's Hospital, Melbourne, between 1984 and 1996. Results: Eleven males and 5 females with Kallmann syndrome are described. Their ages at presentation ranged from one week to 21 years. Presenting symptoms were micropenis, small testes, anosmia and delayed puberty. Fifty-six percent (9/16) had a family history of either anosmia or infertility. The features of Kallmann syndrome are variable. We have described unilateral renal aplasia, coloboma of iris, deafness, midline anomalies, oculomotor apraxia and Moebius anomalad as features that were associated with Kallmann syndrome in our group of subjects. One patient diagnosed as having X-linked Kallmann syndrome has previously been shown to have a specific mutation in an intronic sequence adjacent to exon 6. Most patients showed low serum levels of basal gonadotrophins, testosterone or oestrogen, and had a poor response to LHRH stimulation, but two patients showed a pubertal response to LHRH stimulation, and may have a variant form of Kallmann syndrome. Treatment given to these patients included exogenous testosterone or oestrogen for induction of puberty, with appropriate pubertal progress occurring in each patient. Conclusion: The manifestations of Kallmann syndrome vary, depending upon the degree of LHRH deficiency. Therapy should combine exogenous sex hormone replacement and psychological support, with long-term follow-up to ensure maintenance of normal sexual function, normal bone mass and psychosocial outcome, with fertility induction when indicated. ER  - 
Influence of puberty on endothelial dysfunction and oxidative stress in young patients with type 1 diabetes; OBJECTIVE - To examine the influence of puberty on endothelial dysfunction and oxidative stress in children and young people with type 1 diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - There were 51 young patients with type 1 diabetes, including 12 prepubertal children, 16 adolescents, and 23 young adults who had no clinical diabetic angiopathy, studied; none had microalbuminuria. The three groups were matched for glycemic control, and systolic and diastolic blood pressures and cholesterol levels were not significantly different between the groups. Endothelium-dependent vasodilatation was assessed by laser Doppler flowmetry after iontophoresis of acetylcholine (ACh) to the skin of the dorsum of the right foot. Soluble E- selectin, intercellular cell adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1), von Willebrand factor (vWF), plasma thiol (PSH), red cell glutathione (GSH), and red cell superoxide dismutase (SOD) were measured in blood samples obtained in the early morning. RESULTS - Skin vascular responses to ACh were significantly reduced in the young adult group compared with the prepubertal group (P < 0.05, analysis of variance). The levels of soluble ICAM-1 and E-selectin were significantly higher in the adolescent group compared with the young adult group: 338 (267-415) and 89 (64-106) ng/ml (median [interquartile range]), respectively, versus 255 (222-284) and 58 (54-71) ng/ml (P < 0.01 and P < 0.005, Mann-Whitney U test). SOD levels were significantly higher in the prepubertal group at 250 (238-282) μ/ml, when compared with the adolescent, 217 (171-249) μ/ml (P < 0.04), and young adult, 217 (157-244) μ/ml (P < 0.02), groups. GSH tended to be lower in the adolescent group, 1,192 (1,047- 1,367) μmol/l, when compared with the young adults, 1,286 (1,145-1,525) μmol/l, and levels of vWF tended to be higher in the adolescent group, but these failed to reach statistical significance (both P = 0.09). PSH was not different between the three groups. CONCLUSIONS - These results suggest that puberty modulates endothelial function and antioxidant mechanisms in childhood diabetes, which may have implications for therapy and intervention. ER  - 
Teenage obesity in relation to breast cancer risk; While most studies show a higher body mass in Western women to be positively associated with an increased breast cancer risk in postmenopausal women, they show a negative association in the case of premenopausal women. A review of case-control and cohort studies suggest that such protection applies mainly to obesity in teenage girls, whereas obesity appearing after the teenage years is more likely to be associated with a higher risk of postmenopausal breast cancer. The mechanisms are uncertain. There is evidence that obesity and the components of the Western diet can independently provoke hyperinsulinaemic insulin resistance at puberty, and in adolescent girls this has been related to evidence of abnormal ovarian steroidogenesis and anovulation. This may decrease promotion of mammary carcinogenesis. If however, obesity continues after the teenage years, the higher concentration of insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF1) associated with hyperinsulinaemia can interact with oestrogen receptors in mammary epithelium to lead to increased proliferative activity. This review postulates that the observed protective effect of early obesity against premenopausal breast cancer is likely to be replaced by an increased risk of postmenopausal breast cancer if obesity continues after the teenage years. The manifestation of breast cancer is merely postponed to an older age. Recent prospective and case-control studies suggest that increased bioavailability of IGF1 is a marker of increased breast cancer risk in premenopausal women. Nutritional intake in early life may programme later activity in the growth hormone-IGF1 axis and influence the progression of transformed cells in mammary tissue. The question remains whether deliberate weight loss can reverse the effects of weight gain. ER  - 
Puberty, IDDM, and death in Japan; OBJECTIVE - To investigate the impact of age at onset on the prognosis of childhood IDDM in Japan. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - The study population consisted of 987 prepubertal-onset and 345 pubertal-onset IDDM cases who were registered by two nationwide surveys and who were diagnosed between 1965 and 1979. The living status was identified as of 1 January 1990 with the ascertainment rate of 96.5%. Prognosis was evaluated by cause- and age-specific mortality rates and life-table analyses; in addition, an attained-age-matched case-control study was analyzed by conditional logistic regression. RESULTS - The adjusted mortality rates per 100,000 person-years for the pubertal-onset cases were significantly higher than those of the prepubertal-onset cases (835 [95% CI 573-1, 168] vs. 391 [283-526]). Life- table analyses revealed that the survival rate of the pubertal-onset cases was lower than that of the prepubertal-onset cases for each observation period. Life-table analyses after the age 15 years indicated that the prognosis of pubertal cases was almost the same as that of the prepubertal cases despite having a shorter duration of diabetes. The attained-age- matched case-control study indicated that the pubertal onset was a potent determinant of death. CONCLUSIONS - The prognosis of pubertal-onset IDDM was considerably poorer than that of prepubertal-onset IDDM. ER  - 
Clinical utility of markers of bone turnover in children and adolescents; We review the past years' literature on biochemical markers of bone turnover. A general introduction to markers of bone formation and bone resorption is followed by reference valves of bone turnover in neonates, infants, and prepubertal and pubertal children. We describe intervention with calcium and physical activity in healthy children and bone turnover in patients. The predictive value of a single measurement of bone markers in individuals is poor, due to the large biologic intraperson variation for bone markers in general. Serious osteoporosis can be diagnosed by the combined results of measurement of several bone formation and resorption markers. ER  - 
How possible is the prevention of polycystic ovary syndrome development in adolescent patients with early onset of hyperandrogenism; The polycystic ovary syndrome has a pubertal onset, with menstrual cycle irregularities and infertility in adulthood, as well as general health hazards such as increased risk for diabetes mellitus and myocardial infarction. Thus, prevention would be important. But as specific etiological factors are not known, nor is specific intervention. In order to use long-term intervention programs in children and adolescents, particularly rigid criteria must be used regarding proven safety and efficacy. In obese subjects, weight loss is very important, having beneficial effects on most aspects of the syndrome, such as subjective symptoms, infertility, hyperinsulinemia and related metabolic aberrations, and long-term health risks. Well controlled, long-term follow-up studies are needed on the role of prepubertal hyperandrogenism, hyperinsulinemia, gonadotropins, and ovarian morphological aspects in the development of PCOS, and possibilities of prevention. ER  - 
Western diet, early puberty, and breast cancer risk; The typical high fat, low fibre diet of the industrialised West, particularly when associated with inadequate exercise, is likely to advance the onset of puberty. This will manifest in girls as an earlier menarche, earlier onset of breast development, and an earlier growth spurt. Both earlier menarche and adult tallness are markers of increased risk to breast cancer. Earlier menarche in the West is usually associated with earlier onset of hyperinsulinaemia, and multiple case-control studies report that hyperinsulinaemia too is a marker of increased breast cancer risk. Although the Western diet is linked both to earlier menarche and also to earlier hyperinsulinaemia, the mechanism involved is not necessarily the same. While menarche is likely to be triggered by a threshold level of fatness, manifestation of insulin resistance is genetically-determined and strongly influenced by the fatty acid profile of the diet. The putative mechanisms by which they influence mammary carcinogenesis also differ. Early menarche is reported to be associated with a raised oestradiol level persisting into early adult life. On the other hand, hyperinsulinaemia is commonly associated with abnormal aromatase activity in the ovaries. In addition, the concomitant increase in bioactive levels of insulin-like growth factor-I may synergise with oestrogen in stimulating proliferative activity in mammary epithelium. Dietary modification and exercise regimens are proposed in families at high risk to breast cancer. The measures have been shown to reduce insulin levels in both children and adults, and serial monitoring of insulin and sex steroid levels could be used to detect a metabolic-endocrine effect. ER  - 
Metabolic control in German and immigrant children and adolescents with diabetes mellitus type 1; Introduction: Improvement of metabolic control is the major goal in the care of children and adolescents with diabetes mellitus. Applying the instruments of quality management deficits became obvious in the last years. To find out, if the genetic background of the patients is a contributing factor to poor metabolic control, we analysed the data of two adjacent pediatric diabeters centres. Methods: The data were collected in both clinics with the DPV-software programme. Data from Stuttgart were copied on a floppy disk and sent for central analysis to Ulm. The statistical analysis was performed with the SAS-statistical software package. On 31/12/1995 data from n=895 children and adolescents were available for analysis. Results: 10,2% of the patients were of foreign descent. The HbA(1c) in this group was statistically significant higher during remission and the whole clinical course, especially in puberty. While the HbA(1c) of the immigrant adolescents was 10,5%, the HbA(1c) for the German's in the pubertal age group was 7,4% (p <0.0001). Conclusion: Starting diabetes education at manifestation different health beliefs have to be considered as well as different eating habits and diets. Additionally, group education programmes have to be offered for children and adolescents of foreign descent on a regular basis. ER  - 
Insulin management and metabolic control of Type 1 diabetes mellitus in childhood and adolescence in 18 countries; Insulin regimens and metabolic control in children and adolescents with Type 1 diabetes mellitus were evaluated in a cross-sectional, non-population- based investigation, involving 22 paediatric departments, from 18 countries in Europe, Japan, and North America. Blood samples and information were collected from 2873 children from March to August 1995. HbA(1c) was determined once and analysed centrally (normal range 4.4-6.3 %, mean 5.4 %). Year of birth, sex, duration of diabetes, height, body weight, number of daily insulin injections, types and doses of insulin were recorded. Average HbAlc in children under 11 years was 8.3 ± 1.3 % (mean ± SD) compared with 8.9 ± 1.8 % in those aged 12-18 years. The average insulin dose per kg body weight was almost constant (0.65 U kg-124 h-1) in children aged 2-9 years for both sexes, but there was a sharp increase during the pubertal years, particularly in girls. The increase in 8MI of children with diabetes was much faster during adolescence compared to healthy children, especially in females. Sixty per cent of the children (n = 1707) used two daily insulin injections while 37 % (n= 1071) used three or more. Of those on two or three injections daily, 37 % used pre-mixed insulins, either alone or in combination with short- and intermediateacting insulin. Pre-adolescent children on pre-mixed insulin showed similar HbA(1c) levels to those on a combination of short- and long-acting insulins, whereas in adolescents significantly better HbA1 values were achieved with individual combinations. Very young children were treated with a higher proportion of long-acting insulin. Among adolescent boys, lower HbAlc was related to use of more short- acting insulin. This association was not found in girls. We conclude that numerous insulin injection regimens are currently used in paediatric diabetes centres around the world, with an increasing tendency towards intensive diabetes management, particularly in older adolescents. Nevertheless, the goal of near normoglycaemia is achieved in only a few. ER  - 
Growth changes in children and adolescents with short-term diabetes; OBJECTIVE - Height and weight changes during the first 3 years of diabetes were prospectively followed in 152 diabetic children and adolescents. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - The study sample consisted of 152 Caucasian diabetic patients (84 boys; 68 girls) followed from diabetes onset in the Paediatric Diabetes Unit and 80 Caucasian normal subjects (49 boys; 31 girls) assessed in the Outpatient General Paediatric Clinic of the same hospital for routine examination and not affected by problems that might influence growth. Diabetic patients and control subjects were consecutively enrolled in the study between 1989 and 1992; diabetic patients with positive markers for celiac disease (positive antiendomysial antibodies) and thyroid disease (positive antimicrosomial antibodies) or any other chronic disease were not considered in the study. Mean age of diabetic patients (8.9 ± 4.1 years) and control subjects (8.5 ± 4.2 years) at recruitment in the study was similar. RESULTS - At onset of diabetes, the mean height expressed as the height standard deviation score (HSDS) was significantly greater than the expected values (P < 0.0001) and was independent of sex and pubertal stage. During the first 3 years of diabetes, HSDS decreased significantly (F = 6.9; P < 0.001). Meanwhile, growth velocity as standard deviation score (SDS) decreased significantly between the 1st and 2nd year (-0.12 ± 2.1; -0.76 ± 2.6, respectively; P < 0.05), but it was similar between the 2nd and 3rd year of diabetes. Weight expressed as SDS increased significantly during the first 2 years of diabetes but not thereafter. Height changes during the study period were independent from pubertal stage and sex. Metabolic control and insulin requirement, in our series, were not clearly related to height and weight changes. CONCLUSIONS - Diabetic patients at onset of diabetes are taller than age- and sexmatched nondiabetic subjects. During the first years of the disease, linear growth decreases independently of metabolic control and weight changes. ER  - 
Contribution of growth hormone and IGF-I to early diabetic nephropathy in type 1 diabetes; In children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes, we have reported an association between duration of puberty and the prevalence of nephromegaly and microalbuminuria (MA), which are early markers of diabetic nephropathy. Growth hormone (GH), IGF-I, testosterone, and prorenin are potential mediators of this effect. This study examined the relationship of these hormonal factors to kidney volume (KV) and MA in 155 subjects (78 males, age 13.2 ± 3.5 years [mean ± SD]) with similar diabetes duration (6.83 ± 1.6 years) but varying pubertal experience (0-10 years). KV (by ultrasound), plasma IGF-I, testosterone, prorenin, and NaLi countertransport, and urinary albumin, urinary GH, and urinary IGF-I from three 24-h collections were measured. Multiple regression analysis showed that BSA (P < 0.0001) and urinary IGF-I (P = 0.001) were significantly associated with KV. MA subjects (albumin excretion rate 15-200 μg/min) had higher urinary IGF-I (P = 0.005) and urinary GH (P = 0.05) compared with normoalbuminuric subjects. Only 9% of the variance in urinary IGF-I could be attributed to plasma IGF-I (r = 0.30, P < 0.0001). Testosterone and prorenin were not associated with MA, but they were associated with KV in univariate analyses. The strong association of urinary IGF-I with KV, a marker for glomerular hypertrophy, and of both urinary IGF-I and urinary GH with MA suggests a role for these growth factors in the development of human diabetic nephropathy. Together, these data support animal studies that have shown that renal GH and IGF-I may contribute significantly to the pathogenesis of early diabetic nephropathy. ER  - 
Severe hypoglycaemia in children and adolescents during multiple-dose insulin therapy; Episodes of severe hypoglycaemia, resulting in coma and/or convulsions, were documented in an unselected, population-based group of 376 children and adolescents with Type 1 diabetes mellitus (Type 1DM) treated at the Aurora Hospital, City of Helsinki. A prospective study in 1994-95 yielded 493 patient-years and a retrospective study in 1990-93, 904 patient-years of data. Of these patients, 77-85 % received insulin in three or more daily doses. During 1990-95, 43 patients had a total of 48 severe hypoglycaemic episodes. For each episode (n=48), one control Type 1 DM patient who had never experienced any severe hypoglycaemia, matched by age, diabetes duration and puberty, was sought from the study population. Incidence of severe hypoglycaemia was 3.1/100 patient years prospectively and 3.6/100 retrospectively. At the time of the episode, median age was 13.3 (range 2.2- 21) years, and median diabetes duration 6.1 (0.5-14.6) years. Rates were similar in different age groups (<6, 6-12.9 and ≤ 13 years). A potential explanation for the hypoglycaemia was found in 79 % of the episodes. Insulin dose was higher (p=0.04) and HbA(1c) lower (p=0.005) in patients with severe hypoglycaemia than in controls. In conclusion, multiple-dose insulin therapy in young patients with Type 1 DM can be associated with a low rate of severe hypoglycaemia. The majority of such episodes seem to be preventable. ER  - 
GH, IGF-I, IGFBP-3 and IGFBP-2 in cerebrospinal fluid of infants, during puberty and in adults; During diagnostic lumbar punctions cerbrospinal fluid (CSF) was collected for the determination of GH, IGF-I, IGFBP-3 and IGFBP-2. The patients were 0.3 to 68 years old and suffered from viral infections, leukemias, M. Hodgkin or multiple sclerosis. Only CSF samples without any pathological alterations were analysed. In infants and adults CSF GH concentrations significantly declined with age, while IGF-I and the two binding proteins were unrelated to age. GH was not correlated to IGF-I, IGFBP-3 or IGFBP-2. However, IGF-I was strongly related to IGFBP-3 (r = 0.529; < 0.001) and IGFBP-2 (r = 0.796: < 0.001) as was IGFBP-3 to IGFBP-2, (r = 0.685; < 0.001), suggesting dependence of the three variables. With IGFBP-3 or IGFBP-2 as control variables (partial correlation) IGF-I was no longer related to the binding proteins, while the relation of IGFBP-3 to IGFBP-2 remained unchanged with IGF-I as the control variable (r = 0.687; < 0.001). The results suggest that the age-related decrease of CSF GH may contribute to the age-dependent decline of GH receptors in brain, which are up-regulated by GH. Furthermore, in CSF IGF-I concentrations were determined by the two binding proteins. It may be speculated that the transfer of IGF-I through the blood CSF barrier or its production in brain may be closely related to the IGF-binding proteins. ER  - 
Children born small-for-gestational age: Postnatal growth and hormonal status; It is generally recognized that children born small-for-gestational age (SGA) have a 5-7 times higher risk of short stature than children born at normal size. It has been suggested that the programming of the endocrine axes occurs during critical phases of fetal development and is affected by intrauterine growth retardation. This study was undertaken to characterize the postnatal growth pattern and the final height of children born SGA, as part of a population-based study (n = 3650), from birth to final height, and to evaluate the hormonal status in another group of prepubertal children born SGA (n = 134) without postnatal catch-up growth. The majority (88%) of 'healthy' full-term singleton SGA infants achieved catch-up growth during the first 2 years of life, and most of the increase in height occurred by 2 months of age. The SGA children who remained short at 2 years of age had a higher risk of short stature later in life. The risk of having a short final height (< -2 SDS) was five times higher for children with a low birth weight and seven times higher for those with a low birth length in comparison with children with a normal birth size. Moreover, about 20% of all children of short stature were born SGA. As a group, children born SGA will have a final height, expressed in SDS, as they had during the prepubertal years. This is in contrast to children, who became short postnatally. During puberty, these short children will have a mean height gain of 0.6 SDS for girls and 0.7 SDS for boys. The mean estimated secretion rate for growth hormone (GH) was lower in the short children born SGA compared with the reference groups born at an appropriate size for gestational age, of either short (p < 0.05) or normal stature (p < 0.001). Moreover, in the youngest children born SGA (2-6 years of age) a different pattern of GH secretion was found, with a high basal GH level, low peak amplitude, and high peak frequency. The majority of the children born SGA had levels of GH-binding protein within the range previously reported for normal children. However, the levels of insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I), IGF-binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) and leptin were significantly reduced compared with the reference values (p < 0.001, p < 0.01 and p < 0.001, respectively). In conclusion, the low spontaneous GH secretion rate and a disturbed GH secretion pattern, together with low serum levels of IGF-I, IGFBP-3 and leptin, might contribute to the reduced postnatal growth in some of the subgroup of children born SGA who remained short during childhood. ER  - 
Development and progression of microalbuminuria in a clinic sample of patients with insulin dependent diabetes mellitus; The evolution of abnormal albumin excretion and its association with suggested risk factors were studied in 233 children with insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) attending a single paediatric diabetic clinic over an eight year period. Yearly albumin:creatinine ratios (ACR; measured in mg/mmol) in early morning urine samples, glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c), and blood pressure were recorded. Thirty four (14.5%) children had a persistently raised ACR (ACR ≤ 2.5 mg/mmol on at least three consecutive occasions) and 21 (9%) had an intermittently raised ACR (ACR ≤ 2.5 mg/mmol on at least two occasions). Factors associated with a persistently raised ACR compared with normal albuminuria in IDDM included longer duration of diabetes, raised median HbAlc during the first five years after diagnosis, and final age adjusted systolic and diastolic blood pressure represented as standard deviation scores. The onset of persistently raised ACR in 13 of 34 children was before puberty and in 23 of 34 children it was within the first four years of diagnosis. The cross sectional prevalence of raised ACR was 12.9% at one year, 18.3% at five years, and 33% at 10 years after diagnosis. Raised ACR occurs frequently before puberty and in the early stages of childhood diabetes. ER  - 
Diabetic retinopathy in pediatric patients with type-diabetes: Effect of diabetes duration, prepubertal and pubertal onset of diabetes, and metabolic control; Objective: The objective of this study was to determine the contribution of prepubertal and pubertal onset and duration of diabetes to the development of diabetic retinopathy. Study design: A total of 1391 standardized fundus examinations (stereo fundus-photography) were performed in 441 children or adolescents with type-1 diabetes (median age 15.5 years, median duration of diabetes 6.3 years). Results: Mild nonproliferative retinopathy was present in 72 patients (median age 19.9 years). Life table analysis revealed a median duration of diabetes until retinopathy was first diagnosed at 16.6 years (95% confidence interval: 15.3 to 18.3). Patients were stratified according to diabetes onset before or in puberty (≤10.4 years in girls, ≤12.2 years in boys). In children with a prepubertal onset of diabetes, retinopathy occurred after a pubertal duration of 10.9 years compared with 15.1 years in children with onset of diabetes in puberty (p < 0.01), demonstrating the additional risk conveyed by the prepubertal years of diabetes. Long-term metabolic control had a significant influence on the prevalence of retinopathy: patients with a median HbA(1c) ≤7.5% had development of retinopathy on average after 15.5 years compared with 18.3 years in patients with lower HbA(1c) values (p < 0.05). Conclusion: Both prepubertal and pubertal duration of diabetes are relevant for the development of background retinopathy. Good metabolic control should be attempted irrespective of age. ER  - 
Leptin levels in non-obese and obese children and young adults with type 1 diabetes mellitus; Objective: To evaluate serum leptin levels in children and young adults with type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus and to investigate whether they are different in prepuberty, puberty and young adulthood. Design: Three groups of diabetics (prepubertal, pubertal and young adults) subdivided into obese and non-obese were studied. Three groups of healthy subjects matched for sex, age and body mass index served as controls. Results: Diabetic patients had serum leptin concentrations similar to those of controls in all three groups. A small non-significant increase in leptin from the prepubertal to the young adult age group for both diabetics and controls was found. A significant association of serum leptin level with body mass index (P < 0.001), female sex (P < 0.001) and age (P < 0.01) in both the diabetic and control group was present. Insulin-dependent diabetes was not associated with higher leptin concentration. Conclusions: Serum leptin concentrations are similar in diabetic patients and healthy controls. The association between obesity and leptin concentration was similar in the diabetic and non-diabetic subjects. Type 1 diabetes mellitus does not modify serum leptin concentration. ER  - 
Residual beta cell function and spontaneous clinical remission in type 1 diabetes mellitus: The role of puberty; To investigate the role of puberty on spontaneous clinical remission and on secretion of residual C-peptide during the first year of type 1 diabetes mellitus, we studied 77 pre-pubertal, 39 pubertal and 41 post-pubertal type 1 diabetic patients. Spontaneous partial clinical remission (HbA(1c) within the normal range and insulin dose less than 0.3 U·kg-1 body weight·day-1 lasting for at least 10 days) decreased with duration of diabetes: months 3 vs 6 vs 12, respectively 13 vs 7 vs 4% (P < 0.025). Remission was higher in post-pubertal than pubertal and prepubertal patients: month 6 respectively 20 vs 5 vs 1% (P < 0.001). Secretion of C-peptide was significantly lower in pre-pubertal than the other two groups of patients. Basal and stimulated C-peptide secretion were higher in patients in clinical remission than in those who were not: basal value 0.4 (0.26-0.53) vs 0.28 (0.14-0.4) nmol/l (P < 0.05); stimulated value 0.63 (0.5-0.95) vs 0.56 (0.31-0.74) nmol/l (P < 0.05). Spontaneous remission is less frequent in children and adolescent patients than in adult post-pubertal patients, but different mechanisms may be involved. Low residual insulin secretion seems implicated in children meanwhile low insulin sensitivity could be more important in pubertal patients. ER  - 
Contributions of age, gender and insulin administration to weight gain in subjects with IDDM; Overweight in insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) has been repeatedly reported, especially in girls during adolescence. Potential pathophysiologic factors include tight metabolic control, insulin dose, treatment regimen, puberty and genetics. A standardized data-base from all IDDM patients treated at our institution was evaluated. IDDM patients with hypothyroidism or celiac's disease as well as all records from the first year of diabetes were excluded, resulting in a total of 427 patients (2454 patient-years) available for analysis. BMI and SD-score for BMI based on the Zurich longitudinal growth study were evaluated. Standardized BMI was higher in pubertal children (+ 1.07 ± 0.06) compared to prepubertal children (+ 0.68 ± 0.07; p < 0.002). This increase was present both for boys and girls. Increasing overweight during puberty was found irrespective of the age at diagnosis of diabetes (prepubertal or pubertal). The daily dose of insulin and the long-term metabolic control had only a minor impact on the development of overweight. In contrast in pubertal children, SDS-BMI was significantly higher in patients on intensified insulin regimens (3 or 4 daily injections) compared to patients with 2 injections (p < 0.05). These data demonstrate that both boys as well as girls with IDDM develop overweight during puberty. Multiple injection therapy, not daily dose of insulin or the level of metabolic control achieved, was the main predictor of weight gain. This finding may be explained by increased caloric intake due to the flexibility allowed by intensified treatment. ER  - 
Increase in free insulin-like growth factor-I levels in precocious and normal puberty.; Previously we reported a high ratio of free insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) to total IGF-I (f/t IGF-I ratio) during early infancy when rapid growth is observed, indicating that high levels of free IGF-I (fIGF-I) may be related to the growth of infants. Rapid growth is also observed during puberty. The purpose of this study is to investigate a possible relationship between pubertal growth and fIGF-I. Here, fIGF-I and total IGF-I (tIGF-I), the f/t IGF-I ratio and proteolysis of IGFBP-3 were studied in the circulation of patients with precocious puberty and normal pubertal subjects, and they were compared with those of prepubertal and adult populations. Higher absolute plasma fIGF-I values were observed in the pubertal children (3.89+/-1.09 ng/ml, N=45) than in the normal prepubertal children (2.06+/-1.01 ng/ml, N=31; P<0.05) and adults (2.18+/-0.68 ng/ml, N=49; P<0.05). Furthermore, there was a correlation between the levels of fIGF-I and height velocity in the prepubertal and pubertal groups (r=0.722, N=76, P<0.0001). Compared to the f/t IGF-I in the prepubertal and adult populations, no increase in f/t IGF-I ratios was observed, and the proteolysis of IGFBP-3 was not detected in sera from the pubertal children. These data suggest that the increase in the absolute levels of fIGF-I is related to pubertal growth. ER  - 
Prediction factors in the determination of final height in subjects born small for gestational age; The aim of this study was to identify factors predictive of individual final height (FH) in subjects born small for gestational age (SGA). All full- term singleton subjects horn SGA (birth weight and/or length <3rd percentile) during the period 1971-1978, matched with appropriate birth weight for gestational age (AGA) subjects (birth weight between 25th and 75th percentile) were followed from birth to FH and evaluated before puberty at a mean age ± SD of 6.1 ± 0.7 y and after puberty at a mean age of 20.8 ± 2.0 y (subjects born SGA, n = 213; born AGA, n = 272). When adjusted for target height, a significant deficit in final height (p < 0.0001) was found in SGA as compared with AGA subjects for both male subjects (-3.99 cm with 95% confidence interval from -5.6 to -2.4) and female subjects (- 3.64 cm with 95% confidence interval from -5.0 to -2.3), with 13.6% of subjects in the SGA population presenting short final stature. In a multiple regression analysis, target height and studied group (SGA or AGA) were found to be the strongest predictors of individual FH (p < 0.0001, r2 = 0.35 for male subjects, p < 0.0001, r2 = 0.40 for female subjects). For SGA subjects and according to a multiple stepwise linear regression model, 31% of the variability of individual FH [SD score (SDS)] and 58% of the variability of individual height gain SDS could be explained at birth from mother's height, father's height, and birth length SDS. No other variables were found to be predictive such as sex, gestational age (from 37 to 42 wk), birth weight SDS, ponderal index at birth, or risk factors during pregnancy associated with intrauterine growth retardation such as pregnancy-induced hypertension, smoking, or a history of SGA in offspring. Although a significant increase of body mass index SDS was documented before and after puberty in SGA subjects, puberty was not found to have any influence on growth outcome. ER  - 
Serum leptin levels in children and adolescents with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in relation to metabolic control and body mass index; The ob protein, termed leptin, is produced by adipocytes and is thought to act as an afferent satiety signal regulating weight through suppressing appetite and stimulating energy expenditure in humans and/or rodents. Insulin has been found to be a potent stimulator of leptin expression in rodents. It is unclear at present whether this insulin action is a direct or an indirect effect. To investigate whether leptin concentrations in children and adolescents with type I diabetes (IDDM) were related to metabolic status, body weight, body mass index and insulin treatment, we have measured leptin concentrations in serum from 13 newly diagnosed IDDM patients before the beginning of insulin treatment (8 girls, 5 boys, aged 4.7-17.5 years) and in 134 patients with IDDM during treatment (64 girls, 70 boys, aged 2.6-20.1 years) using a specific radioimmunoassay. The data from patients with diabetes were compared with normative data that were derived from a large cohort of healthy children and adolescents. Serum from children with newly diagnosed diabetes had significantly lower levels of leptin (mean 1.28 ± 1.60 ng/ml, range 0.14-6.13 ng/ml) compared with healthy children (n = 710) (mean 2.2 ng/ml, range 0.26-14.4 ng/ml) and compared with insulin-treated children and adolescents (mean 5.18 ± 5.48 ng/ml, range 0.26-29.77 ng/ml) (P<0.0001) even after adjustment for gender and body mass index (BMI). Serum leptin levels in patients with IDDM were significantly correlated with BMI (r= 0.42, P < 0.0001). Multiple regression analysis showed that age and BMI were significantly correlated with leptin levels, while duration of diabetes, mean HbA(1c) levels, insulin dose and plasma glucose, triglyceride and cholesterol levels were not. Females had higher serum leptin concentrations than males even when adjusted for BMI (P<0.0001). Surprisingly and most importantly, leptin levels in insulin-treated young adult (Tanner stage 5) patients were significantly higher than values found in the healthy nondiabetic reference population when adjusted for sex, Tanner stage and BMI. These findings suggest that leptin levels in IDDM patients show a similar dependency on adipose tissue and age as in healthy, normal children. The data provide evidence that insulin may be of importance as a regulator of serum leptin levels in vivo not only in rodents but also in humans. It is hypothesized that the elevated BMI-adjusted leptin levels in adolescents with IDDM could indicate either that these patients may be oversubstituted by the intensified insulin therapy that they are receiving or that their body composition and body fat content may differ from that of healthy adolescents in the sense that they have a relative increase in fat mass. ER  - 
Does the long-term clinical course of type I diabetes mellitus differ in patients with prepubertal and pubertal onset? Results of the Berlin Retinopathy Study; The objective of the present study was to investigate potential differences at presentation of type I diabetes and during its long-term clinical course in children and adolescents with prepubertal and pubertal manifestation. Clinical, immunological and biochemical characteristics at diabetes onset of 453 patients (320 prepubertal, 133 pubertal; median age at manifestation 7.1 years (0,7-13.9) and 13.1 years (9.2-17.6), respectively) were evaluated. Glycaemic control and exogenous insulin requirements were followed prospectively, with a median follow up of 9.4 years. At the onset of the disease no differences concerning the degree of metabolic decompensation, impairment of somatic health, and islet cell antibody status could be detected between the groups, except for a smaller body weight loss in pubertal patients (P=0.011). The duration of partial remission (insulin requirements <0.5 IU/kg body weight/day) was unrelated to age or pubertal status at onset. It was found to be longer in boys than in girls in the total cohort (median duration: 279 vs 215 days, P=0.0071). Despite an absence of differences during the early course of the disease, glycaemic control was better, and daily insulin doses were significantly lower in patients with pubertal onset, after 6 years of diabetes. Conclusion Adolescents with a pubertal onset of type I diabetes have a more benign long-term course of the disease demonstrating better glycaemic control and lower insulin requirements, although the presentation of the disease at onset and its course during the first 6 years are not different from those of children with a prepubertal manifestation of diabetes. ER  - 
Urinary growth hormone excretion in post-menarcheal adolescent girls with type 1 diabetes; The aim of the present study was to compare measurements of urinary growth hormone (GH), serum insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) and IGF binding protein 3 (IGFBP3) between two groups of post-menarcheal girls, 13- 18 y of age, one comprising 64 type 1 diabetic patients and the other 64 healthy girls matched for age and stage of puberty. GH was determined on two occasions in nocturnal urine samples by using a modification of an immunoradiometric method for serum. Significantly higher urinary GH concentrations but lower IGF-I and IGFBP3 levels were found in diabetic girls than in controls (p < 0.001). A significant correlation was found between urinary GH concentrations and the daily dose of insulin (U kg-1) (r = 0.426, p = 0.003). Urinary GH concentrations were also significantly related to HbA1c (r = 0.380, p = 0.003). In conclusion, disturbances of the GH-IGF-I axis may be evaluated by the use of non-invasive urinary GH measurements, which is a simple alternative to frequent sampling of serum GH. Increased GH secretion seems to be related to a great need for insulin and poor metabolic control. More knowledge about underlying causal factors in the disturbed GH- IGF-I axis is required. ER  - 
Peripheral sensory nerve dysfunction in children and adolescents with type I diabetes meilitus; The aim of the present study was to investigate peripheral sensory nerve function in diabetic children and adolescents without neurological symptoms. Ninety-two children and adolescents with Type 2 (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus (mean JSD age: 14.2 ± 2.1 years, diabetes duration: 5.8 ± 3.0 years) and 80 healthy control subjects (age: 13.8 ± 2.2 years) matched for age, sex, body mass index, and height standard deviation score were involved in the study. Using a sine-wave transcutaneous stimulator current perception threshold (CPT) testing at 2000, 250 and 5 Hz was performed or the left median and peroneal nerves. Diabetic children had increased CPT at 2000 Hz on both nerves as compared to the control group (median (interquartile range), median nerve: 2.43 (2.20-3.43) vs 1.80 (1.51-2.60) mA, p = 0.02; peroneal nerve: 3.51 (2.81-4.82) vs 2.70 (2.04-3.70) mA, p = 0.01). Twenty-one (23 %) of patients had CPT values higher than that of any healthy individual. Of these, elevated CPT was observed in 9 (9.8 %) patients on the median nerve, in 8 (8.7 %) patients on the peroneal nerve, land in 4 (4.3 %) patients on both median and peroneal nerves. Using multiple logistic regression analysis, worse long-term metabolic control and advanced puberty were independently predictive of peripheral sensory nerve dysfunction as the dependent variable (adjusted OR (95 % Cl): 3.4 (1.2-6.2), p = 0.01, and 2.8 (1.1-5.6), p = 0.03, respectively). In conclusion, evidence of peripheral sensory nerve dysfunction is not rare in children and adolescents with diabetes and can be demonstrated by CPT testing in asymptomatic patients. Poor metabolic control is a risk factor for such subclinical neuropathy, and pubertal development may be involved in the pathogenesis of diabetic deripheral neuropathy. ER  - 
Exercise-induced hormone responses in girls at different stages of sexual maturation; The dependence of exercise-induced hormone responses on sexual maturation was tested in a 3-year longitudinal experiment on 34 girls (aged 11-12 years at the beginning). Sexual maturation was evaluated by Tanners five-stage scale. Children cycled for 20-min at 60% maximal oxygen uptake once a year. Cortisol, insulin, growth hormone, β-oestradiol, progesterone and testosterone concentrations in venous blood were determined by radioimmunoassay procedures. Basal concentrations of growth hormone increased and of cortisol decreased when breast stage III was reached. Reaching breast stage IV was associated with an increase in basal concentrations of β-oestradiol, progesterone and testosterone. The exercise induced significant increases in concentrations of cortisol, growth hormone and β-oestradiol and a decrease in insulin concentration. At breast stage III the increase in cortisol concentration was to a lower level [467 (SEM 42) vs 567 (SEM 46)nmol · ml-1] and growth hormone concentration to a higher level [29.4 (SEM 0.5) vs 12.8 (SEM 0.4)ng · ml-1], while the fall in insulin concentration was less pronounced [post-exercise level 10.6 (SEM 0.9) vs 7.8 (SEM 0.8)mU · l-1] than in stage II. The magnitude of the cortisol response was reduced in the last stage of breast development (+42.1% vs +55.5% at stage II, +66.2% at stage III, and +50.0% at stage IV). The magnitude of β-oestradiol response was the lowest in breast stage IV (+15.8%) and the highest at stage V (+41.1%). The progesterone response became significant at stage IV and testosterone response at stage V. In conclusion, we found that reaching breast stage III was associated with altered responses of cortisol, insulin and growth hormone concentrations while the responses of the sex hormone concentrations became pronounced in the last stages of sexual maturation. ER  - 
Insulin and cardiovascular risk factors in type 1 diabetic children and adolescents; Associations of between e high daily insulin dose and cardiovascular risk factors, including those of the insulin-resistance syndrome, were studied in 479 Type 1 diabetic children 6 to 18 years of age. Insulin dose increased over the first two cars after diagnosis of diabetes (p = 0.0001) and was significantly higher in girls (p = 0.01). For those children with diabetes duration of more than 2 years, the insulin requirement increased up to 13-14 years of age (p < 0.05) and was higher in pubertal than pre-pubertal children (p <0.05). For girls, the requirement was higher in puberty than in post-puberty (p < 0.05) and increased with diabetes duration (p < 0.05). Triglyceride concentrations were associated positively end significantly with the insulin dose of both boys and girls, after adjustment for age, pubertal stage, diabetes duration, and metabolic control (fructosamine levels). No other consistent associations were found between insulin dose and other cardiovascular risk factors: body mass index, central adiposity, arterial blood pressures, serum total cholesterol, apoA1, apoB, Lp(a), uric acid, or urinary albumin excretion. Parental obesity, hypertension and diabetes were not related to the insulin dose of children. The results did not differ when the population was limited to the 375 children with diabetes duration of more than 2 years. It is concluded that in these Type 1 diabetic children the insulin dose for a given level of metabolic control (our surrogate measure of insulin resistance) was related to a single cardiovascular risk factor : triglyceride concentrations. ER  - 
Hormonal responses to exercise in girls during sexual maturation; The dependence of hormonal responses to exercise on sexual maturation was tested in three-year longitudinal experiment on 34 girls (11-12 years old at the beginning of the study). Sexual maturation of the girls was evaluated using Tanner scale. Girls were divided into three groups: maturation stages 1-2, 2-4 and 4-5. Children performed a 20-rain cycle exercise at 60% of maximal oxygen uptake (VO max) once a year. Cortisol, insulin, somatotropin, β-estradiol, progesterone and testosterone were determined in venous blood by RIA procedures. High basal levels of β-estradiol and somatotropin appeared in stages 2-4 (387 ± 92 pmol · 1-1 and 12.9 ± 2.85 ng · ml-1, respectively) and 4-5 (358 ± 54 pmol · 1-1 and 14.3 ± 1.53 ng · ml-1, respectively). The basal progesterone level increased with maturation, testosterone appeared in the blood in stages 2-4 and 4-5. The exercise resulted in increased levels of cortisol and somatotropin, and a drop in insulin in all girls. The cortisol response was most pronounced in stage 1-2. Postexercise insulin concentration was the highest in stage 4-5. β-estradiol level increased by 23% in stages 1-2 and 4-5, while the response was insignificant in stages 2-4. Exercise-induced progesterone increase was significant in stage 4-5. In conclusion, sexual maturation associates with several quantitative changes in exercise-induced hormonal responses. ER  - 
Altered serum levels of insulin-like growth-factor binding proteins in breast cancer patients; Background: Insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) has mitogenic properties for breast cancer cell lines and has been proposed to be an important factor in breast carcinogenesis. We hypothesized that differences in IGF-1 or its binding proteins might increase susceptibility to breast cancer. This case-control study was designed to investigate whether patients with breast cancer have altered levels of either IGF-1 or its intermediary modulatory proteins, the IGF binding proteins (BP). Methods: Serum was collected from 90 patients (63 with breast cancer and 27 with benign breast disease) after an overnight fast and before surgery. IGF-1, BP1, and BP3 levels were determined by immunoradiometric assays. In a subset of 66 patients, Western ligand blots were also performed for a semiquantitative measurement of functioning BP levels. A forward stepwise logistic regression model to adjust for other confounding variables (age, menopausal status, parity, age at menarche, use of oral contraceptives, history of breast biopsy, family history of breast cancer, hormone replacement therapy, and body-mass index) was used in the multivariate analysis. Results: Serum IGF-1 levels were similar in cases and controls. However, levels of BP3 (p < 0.001), BP4 (p < 0.01), and BP1 (p < 0.05) were significantly associated with risk of breast cancer. The level of BP3 was the most significant factor predictive of breast cancer. The odds ratio for breast cancer in women with BP3 levels >2066 ng/ml was 0.18 (95% CI, 0.05-0.55). Correspondingly, women with BP1 levels higher than 39 ng/ml had an odds ratio of 0.21 (95% CI, 0.07- 0.68) for breast cancer. When considering only cancer patients (n = 63), decreasing levels of BP4 (p < 0.01) and increasing levels of BP1 (p < 0.02) were significantly associated with progesterone receptor positivity (PR+) in the tumor. The odds ratio of PR+ in patients with BP1 levels higher than 34 ng/ml was 7.49 (95% CI, 1.5-37.4). Better grade of tumor (well and moderately differentiated) was observed in patients with higher levels of BP3 (p < 0.03). Conclusions: Distinct differences in BP profiles exist among patients with breast cancer and also among those with high-grade, hormonal receptor- negative tumors. These findings suggest that the bioavailability of IGF-1 as mediated by its binding proteins may participate in both breast carcinogenesis and selection of more aggressive breast carcinomas. ER  - 
Problems of hypoglycemia arising in children and adolescents with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus; Hypoglycemic episodes were studied in two large populations of prepubertal (332 subjects, aged 6-11 years) and adolescent (200 subjects, aged 12-18 years) diabetic children. We confirmed the majority of published data on incidence and causes of hypoglycemia and added some new information on the complex symptomato1ogy and fear of hypoglycemia. Longer duration of IDDM induced a change in the symptomatology of hypoglycemia, consisting of a reduced occurrence of autonomic symptom, namely tremor, and a parallel increased experience of neuroglycopenic symptoms, particularly drowsiness, difficulty in concentrating, and lack of coordination. The latter symptoms were found more frequently in patients with partial unawareness more severe episodes and higher fear of hypoglycemia. These observations draw attention to the neuroglycopenic symptoms as important warning cues of hypoglycomia. We emphasized the necessity of observing the change in the frequency of symptoms experienced by patients, in particular autonomic and neuroglycopenic symptoms, in order to educate patients to preserve a normal awareness of hypoglycemia and prevent severe episodes. ER  - 
Bone mineral density assessment in children with inflammatory bowel disease; Background and Aims: Children with inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) are at risk for osteoporosis because of undernutrition, delayed puberty, and prolonged corticosteroid use. The aim of this study was to compare bone mineral density (BMD) in children with IBD with that in normal children and to assess the effects of nutritional and hormonal factors and corticosteroid dosages on BMD. Methods: One hundred sixty-two subjects (99 with IBD and 63 healthy sibling controls) were enrolled. Patients underwent anthropometric assessment, pubertal staging, bone age radiography, and BMD assessment by dual energy x-ray absorptiometry of the lumbar spine, femoral neck, and radius. Laboratory evaluations included serum calcium, phosphate, alkaline phosphatase, 25-hydroxyvitamin D, 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D, parathyroid hormone, osteocalcin, urinary N-telopeptides, albumin, insulin-like growth factor I, and testosterone or estradiol. Cumulative corticosteroid doses were calculated. Results: BMD Z scores at the lumbar spine and femoral neck were lower in patients with IBD, and lower in those with Crohn's disease compared with those with ulcerative colitis. Low BMD persisted after correction for bone age in girls with Crohn's disease (lumbar spine, P = 0.004; femoral neck, P = 0.002). Cumulative corticosteroid dose was a significant predictor of reduced BMD. BMD did not correlate with measures of calcium homeostasis, except elevated serum phosphate and urine calcium levels in girls. Conclusions: Low BMD occurs in children with IBD (more in Crohn's disease than in ulcerative colitis), especially pubertal and postpubertal girls. Cumulative corticosteroid dose is a predictor of low BMD, but other factors in Crohn's disease remain undetermined. ER  - 
Survival and disease complications in thalassemia major; We studied survival and disease complications in 1146 patients with thalassemia major, born from January 1, 1960 to December 31, 1987. At last follow-up, in March 1997, probability of survival to age 20 years was 89% and to age 25 years was 82% for patients born in the years 1970-1974. Patients who died had a serum ferritin level, measured the year before death, significantly higher than those who survived. Diabetes was present in 5.4% of the patients; heart failure in 6.4%, arrhythmias in 5.0%, thrombosis in 1.1%, hypothyroidism in 11.6%, HIV infection in 1.8%. Hypogonadism was diagnosed in 55% of 578 patients who had reached pubertal age: 83.5% of hypogonadic females and 78.6% of males were receiving substitutive hormonal therapy. In conclusion, the survival of patients with thalassemia major is good and improving, but the prevalence of severe complications is still high. ER  - 
A 3-19-year follow-up study on diabetic retinopathy in patients diagnosed in childhood and treated with conventional therapy; Few data are available from follow-up studies on diabetic retinopathy in patients diagnosed with insulin-dependent (Type 1) diabetes mellitus in childhood and treated with conventional therapy. We report the results of conventional insulin therapy on development of diabetic retinopathy in 100 children and adolescents (47 females and 53 males), aged 8.3 ± 3.5 (1.2- 16.4) years at diagnosis of disease. Oral or intravenous fluorescein angiography was performed during a 3-19 year follow-up in all patients. Retinopathy was staged according to the criteria of the Italian Society of Diabetology (SID). During follow-up, retinopathy was observed in 28 patients (28%). At the end of follow-up, retinopathy was present in 23 patients and had disappeared in 5. Life-table analysis showed a median disease-free interval of 10.8 years. At 10 years from diagnosis the percentage of patients free of retinopatby was 66%. Poor metabolic control, age, and degree of pubertal development at diagnosis were the most important risk factors. ER  - 
Increased serum GHBP levels in obese pubertal children and adolescents: Relationship to body composition, leptin and indicators of metabolic disturbances; Objective: The serum concentration of the high-affinity growth hormone-binding protein (GHBP) is increased in obesity but the mechanisms are poorly understood. This study assessed the physiological mechanisms involved in the regulation of GHBP in adiposity. Subjects and measurements: We tested a number of obesity specific parameters for their association with GHBP. In this study, 199 normal or overweight children and adolescents (101 boys, 98 girls, aged (mean ± s.d.): 13.7 ± 2.3 y) underwent an anthropometric evaluation (circumference measurements and bioimpedance analysis) combined with blood withdrawal for the measurement of insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I), insulin, leptin and GHBP (by specific RIA), uric acid, triglycerides and cholesterol. RESULTS: By linear regression analysis GHBP correlated significantly (P < 0.001) with percent body fat mass (r = 0.71), waist (r = 0.73) and hip (r = 0.69) circumference, weight (r = 0.61), waist hip ratio (WHR) (r = 0.54), as well as with the serum concentrations of leptin (r = 0.64), uric acid (r = 0.54), insulin (r = 0.45), LDL-cholesterol (r = 0.43), cholesterol (r = 0.33), LDL/HDL ratio (r = 0.47), triglycerides (r = 0.30) and with height standard deviations scores (SDS) (r = 0.23). Age, gender and pubertal stage had no impact on GHBP. In a multiple regression analysis containing age and gender, as well as the anthropometric variables, percent fat mass and waist circumference, as independent variables, associations between GHBP and leptin (P < 0.001), cholesterol (P < 0.01), LDL-cholesterol (P = 0.01), LDL/HDL ratio (P = 0.02), triglycerides (P = 0.01) remained significant. In a final model using the stepwise analysis involving age, gender and all the independent predictors of GHBP, waist circumference (P < 0.001) accounted for 49.5% of the 60.0% total variability in GHBP, while the implication of leptin (P < 0.001), age (P < 0.01) and cholesterol (P < 0.05) increased the predicted variability for 7.5%, 1.9%, and 1.0%, respectively. Serum GHBP was significantly reduced in a subgroup of 104 overweight or obese patients during a diet-induced weight loss programme, the coefficient of correlation between GHBP and leptin after (r = 0.45, P < 0.001) and before weight reduction (r = 0.41, P < 0.001) were comparable. Conclusion: Waist circumference, an indicator of abdominal body fat mass, is a major determinant of GHBP levels during childhood, while leptin may be one candidate for a signal linking adipocytes to the growth hormone receptor related GHBP release. Additionally, elevated serum levels of GHBP may reflect metabolic disturbances of adiposity. ER  - 
Efficacy and safety of one year of growth hormone therapy in steroid- dependent nephrotic syndrome; Objectives: To study the efficacy and safety of 1 year of growth hormone (GH) therapy in children with steroid-dependent nephrotic syndrome. Study design: A prospective pilot, open study in which GH (mean dose 0.32 mg/kg per week) was administered for 1 year to 8 children with steroid-dependent nephrotic syndrome requiring prednisolone (mean dose 0.46 mg/kg per day) to maintain remission. Steroid dependence was defined as recurrence of proteinuria within 2 weeks of discontinuation of prednisolone, or when the dose was lowered below a critical level. At entry, all patients had been steroid dependent far at least 1 year. Anthropometric and bone mineral density measurements after treatment were compared with 1 -year pretreatment data. Results: Pretreatment mean (±SD) chronologic age was 12.6 (±3.1) years, with a mean bone age of 9.1 (±2.0) years, with delayed puberty in five patients. The mean height velocity increased from 3.7 (±1.4) to 9.4 (±2.1) cm/yr after 1 year of treatment (p <0.05). The mean height standard deviation score increased from -1.4 (±1.6) to -0.3 (± 1.1), (p <0.05). In the spine, the mean bone mineral density increased from 0.50 to 0.64 gm/cm2 (p <0.05), and in the femoral neck, from 0.55 to 0.64 gm/cm2 (p <0.05) after 1 year of treatment. Mean lean body mass increased from 58.1% to 62.6% (p <0.01). There were no significant changes in creatinine clearance, fasting glucose, fasting insulin, or glycosylated hemoglobin levels. The mean bone age increased to 11.4 (±2.4) years, and pubertal stage advanced in 2 patients. Conclusion: One year of GH therapy is effective in improving the height standard deviation score, height velocity, bone mineral density, and lean body mass of children with steroid-dependent nephrotic syndrome. There were no significant adverse effects. However, the bone age accelerated at a greater pace than the height age, and further studies are required to define the role of GH therapy in steroid-dependent nephrotic syndrome. ER  - 
Prediction of the outcome of growth hormone provocative testing in short children by measurement of serum levels of insulin-like growth factor I and insulin-like growth factor binding protein 3; Serum levels of insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) and insulin-like growth factor binding protein 3 (IGFBP-3) reflect the secretion of endogenous growth hormone (GH) in healthy children and exhibit little diurnal variation, which makes them potential candidates for screening of GH deficiency (GHD). We evaluated serum IGF-I and IGFBP-3 levels in relation to the outcome of GH provocative testing in 203 children and adolescents (111 boys and 92 girls) in whom GHD was suspected. A total of 1030 children served as control subjects. In children less than 10 years of age, IGF-I levels were below the cutoff limit in 8 of 15 children with GHD (sensitivity 53.3%) and above the cutoff limit in 47 of 48 children with a normal GH response (specificity 97.9%). Similarly, IGFBP-3 levels were below the cutoff limit in 9 of 15 children with GHD (sensitivity 60%) and above the cutoff limit in 47 of 48 children with a normal GH response (specificity 97.9%). Consequently the predictive value of a positive test result in prepubertal children was 88.8% for IGF-I and 90% for IGFBP-3. In children and adolescents between 10 and 20 years of age, IGF-I levels were below the cutoff limit in 34 of 46 children with GHD (sensitivity 73.9%) and above the cutoff limit in 63 of 94 children with normal GH response (specificity 67%). IGFBP-3 levels were below the cutoff limit in 26 of 46 children with GHD (sensitivity 56.5%) and above the cutoff limit in 74 of 94 children with a normal GH response (specificity 78.7%). Accordingly the positive predictive value and in 10- to 20-year-old children was 52.3% for IGF-I and 56.5% for IGFBP-3. Combination use of IGF-I and IGFBP-3 gave additional diagnostic information. We conclude that a subnormal IGF-I level, and especially a subnormal IGFBP-3 level, are highly predictive of a subnormal GH response to a provocative test in prepubertal children in whom GHD is suspected. On the other hand, a normal IGF-I or IGFBP-3 level does not exclude GHD. The predictive value of IGF-I and IGFBP- 3 in pubertal children is diminished in comparison with that in prepubertal children. We believe that IGF-I and IGFBP-3 are valuable tools in the evaluation of childhood GHD. ER  - 
Parental involvement in diabetes management tasks: Relationships to blood glucose monitoring adherence and metabolic control in young adolescents with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus; Objectives: The goal of this study was to identify parental behaviors that relate to adherence and metabolic control in a population of young adolescents with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM), and to understand the interrelationships among the variables of parental involvement, adherence to blood glucose monitoring, and glycemic control. Study design: A cross-sectional design was used to investigate parental involvement in diabetes regimen tasks in 89 youth, aged 10 to 15 years, with IDDM. Levels of parental involvement in blood glucose monitoring (BGM) and insulin administration were evaluated through interviews. Assessment of adherence was made by physicians or nurses, independent of patient or parent reports of adherence. Glycemic control was assessed with glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA(1c)) (reference range, 4% to 6%). Results: There were significant differences in the mean HbA(1c) values between the older (13 to 15 years of age) (HbA(1c) = 8.9% ± 1.03%) and younger (10 to 12 years) patients (HbA(1c) = 8.4% ± 1.06%) (p <0.02). Parental involvement in BGM was significantly related to adherence to BGM (number of blood sugar concentrations checked daily) in both groups of adolescent patients. The younger patients monitored their blood glucose levels more frequently than did the older patients, 39% of the younger patients checked sugar concentrations four or more times daily compared with only 10% of the older group (p <0.007). In a multivariate model controlling for age, gender, Tanner staging, and duration of diabetes, the frequency of BGM was a significant predictor of glycemic control (R2 = 0.19, p <0.02). Increased frequency of BGM was associated with lower HbA(1c) levels. When the frequency of BGM was zero or once a day, the mean HbA(1c) level was 9.9% ± 0.44 (SE); when the frequency of BGM was two or three times a day, the mean HbA(1c) level was 8.7% ± 0.17; and when the frequency of BGM was four or more times daily, the mean HbA(1c) level was 8.3% ± 0.22. Conclusions: Parental involvement in BGM supports more frequent BGM in 10- to 15-year-old patients with IDDM. This increased adherence to BGM is associated with better metabolic control (i.e. lower HbA(1c) levels). These findings suggest that encouraging parental involvement in BGM with 10-to 15-year-old patients with IDDM may help to prevent the well-documented deterioration in glycemic control and adherence to treatment that often occurs in later adolescence. ER  - 
Dental maturity in children of short stature, with or without growth hormone deficiency.; The aim of this investigation was to study dental maturity in healthy prepubertal children of short stature (height<-2 SD), with or without growth hormone (GH) deficiency, compared to healthy controls. The GH-deficient group (GH level<10.0 microg/l) included 29 children (11 female, 18 male) with a mean age of 10.2+/-2.2 years. The GH non-deficient group consisted of 17 children (5 female, 12 male) with a mean age of 8.5+/-2.1 years. All the children were evaluated for serum concentrations of IGF-1, alkaline phosphatase (ALP), triiodthyronin (T3), thyroxine (T4), thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH), and fasting plasma insulin; height and bone age were also recorded. Dental maturity was determined from panoramic radiographs. The mean difference between the dental and chronological ages was -0.67+/-0.89 years in the GH-deficient group compared to 0.23+/-1.07 years in their controls: in the GH non-deficient group the difference was -0.95+/-0.82 years compared to controls 0.16+/-1.06 years in their controls. Compared to chronological age, both bone and dental age were lower in the GH-deficient and GH non-deficient groups. It is concluded that children of short stature, both GH-deficient and GH non-deficient. exhibit a delayed dental age compared to their chronological age- and sex-matched controls. A multiple stepwise regression analysis showed that the sitting height and GH level were the only significant factors associated with dental maturity. ER  - 
Age governs gender-dependent islet cell autoreactivity and predicts the clinical course in childhood IDDM; Most IDDM patients temporarily restore some of their beta-cell function following the initiation of insulin therapy. The aim of this study was to analyse the influence of age, gender, metabolic state at diagnosis and presence of autoantibodies (GAD65 antibodies and ICA) on the duration of the clinical partial remission. In total, 149 consecutively diagnosed IDDM children, 0-16 y old (70F, 79M, mean age 9.5 y) were studied. Partial remission was arbitrarily defined as the period when the insulin dose was below 0.5 U/BW 24 h-1 and HbA1c below 7.5%, and occurred in 119/149 patients with a duration between 1 and 38 months. Cox's regression analysis showed that the factors significantly associated with the duration of remission were age, gender, interaction between age and gender, ICA and a high initial HbA1c, whereas GAD65Ab had no influence. Young boys had the shortest remission period, while adolescent boys had the longest, as compared to young and adolescent girls. The ICA-negative patients (n = 42) had a longer remission period (median 9.7 months) than the ICA-positive children (n = 107; 5.0 months;p = 0.0001), regardless of GAD65Ab status. We speculate that the relative insulin resistance, which is more pronounced in pubertal girls than in boys, may be associated with a more rapid increase of exogenous insulin requirement. These findings are important when evaluating the effect of islet cell autoreactivity on the clinical course of IDDM in children. ER  - 
Hormonal status of short children born small for gestational age; The present study was undertaken to evaluate the hormonal status in a subgroup of prepubertal children born small for gestational age (SGA) who lacked postnatal catch-up growth. In this subgroup, a reduced rate of growth hormone (GH) secretion was found, compared with reference groups of healthy children born appropriate for gestational age, of either normal or short stature at the time of investigation. In addition, an abnormal pattern of GH secretion was observed in short children born SGA, which was most pronounced in the younger children, and involved an increased frequency of GH peaks of low amplitude, combined with increased baseline secretion. Levels of insulin- like growth factor I (IGF-I) and IGF-binding protein-3 were also reduced in short children born SGA, compared with the reference groups. These findings may explain, in part, the lack of postnatal catch-up growth in short children born SGA. ER  - 
Diabetes microvascular complications in prepubertal children; These are the baseline findings of a group of 68 prepubertal children enrolled in a longitudinal study of the development of early diabetes microvascular complications prior to gonadarche. The median age of the children was 9.8 years, the median diabetes duration 3.6 years and the mean HbA(1c) 8.4%. Mild nonproliferative retinopathy was present in 6 of 67 (9%) children, assessed by 7-field stereoscopic fundus photography. Those with retinopathy had higher total cholesterol (p<0.05) and lower DHEAS (p<0.01). Albumin excretion rate (AER) was calculated as the mean of three overnight consecutive urine collections. AER>7.5 μg/min was present in 5 of 64 (8%), and one boy had a mean AER>15 μg/min. Those with AER>7.5 μg/min had higher diastolic blood pressure and diastolic blood pressure percentiles (p<0.05). Longitudinal study of this cohort will establish which factors in the prepubertal years are important for the development of diabetes microvascular complications. ER  - 
Prevalence and correlations of early microvascular complications in young type I diabetic patients: Role of puberty; The prevalence and correlates of the early signs of renal, retinal and neurological microvascular complications were evaluated in 317 young patients with type i diabetes mellitus. Microalbuminuria was detected in 11% of patients and appeared to be strongly and positively related to HbA(1c) (p<0.01) and less significantly to duration of diabetes (p<0.02). Retinopathy was detected in 22.7% of patients and it was associated with duration of diabetes (p<0.001). Peripheral neuropathy was detected in 18.5% of patients and there was a strong association with HbA(1c) (p<0.01) and a weaker one with duration of diabetes (p<0.05). Microalbuminuria was not detected in prepubertal patients while a similar frequency of retinopathy and neuropathy was observed in prepubertal and postpubertal patients. These results suggest that: 1) In short-term type I diabetic patients neuropathy is the most frequent microvascular complication, but after 10 years of diabetes, retinopathy exceeds the other complications; 2) Short-term metabolic control may influence the frequency of neuropathy and microalbuminuria but not retinopathy; 3)Puberty is involved in the appearance of microalbuminuria. ER  - 
Autonomic function in a cohort of children with diabetes; 129 diabetic children in Avon County participated in a longitudinal study of the evolution of microvascular disease together with 129 age- and sex-matched controls. Diabetic children had mean (±SD) age 12.7 (±3.4) years (range: 3.7-16,8), mean (±SD) diabetes duration 3.9 (±3.2) years (range: 0.1-13.4) and mean (±SD) HbA1 11.1% (±2.2) (range: 6.5-18.2). Cardiovascular autonomic function was studied by four heart rate (HR) tests using a computerized system of HR monitoring. As a group, diabetic children had higher mean HR (p=00004) and reduced max/min HR ratio while standing (p=0.001), compared with the control children. HR ratio while standing was the only variable related to diabetes duration (r= -0.20, p=0.018), while no correlation of HR variables with glycaemic control was found. Twenty diabetic children (15.5%) had one abnormal HR test. Ten diabetic children (7.7%) demonstrated abnormality in two or more HR tests. When compared with the other diabetic children in the cohort, these ten children were found to be younger in age (mean age: 9.4 vs 12.0 yr, p=0.05), but did not otherwise differ in terms of diabetes duration or glycaemic control. No pubertal or sex effect in the development of diabetic autonomic neuropathy was detected. These findings suggest that autonomic function may be impaired early in childhood diabetes, independent of the duration of the disease or the quality of glycaemic control. ER  - 
The development and progression of diabetic retinopathy in type I diabetic patients: A cohort study; To describe the course and risk factors for development and progression of retinopathy, we studied a cohort of 333 Israeli Jewish patients with Type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus. The median age at diagnosis was 9.5 (range 0.04-26.2) years and the median duration of follow-up was 14 (range 1.6-30) years. Evaluation of both retinae was performed yearly since referral and HbA1 values were tested every 3 months since 1978. During a follow-up of 4070 patient-years, 162 patients developed non-proliferative retinopathy. The median retinopathy-free interval was 14.9 years and after 30 years all patients were affected. Pre-pubertal duration of diabetes was relevant. Independent and significant risk factors for early onset of non-proliferative retinopathy were: poor cumulative glycaemic control (median retinopathy-free interval in the 1st vs 4th quartiles of mean HbA1 values over all years: 18.0 vs 12.5 years, p = 0.0001); onset of diabetes during or after puberty (median retinopathy-free interval in patients with onset of diabetes before, during or after pubescence: 16.3, 13.2 and 14.0 years, respectively, p= 0.0001); and non-Ashkenazi Jewish origin (median retinopathy-free interval 15.8 years in Asbkenazi vs 14.0 in non-Ashkenazi patients, p = 0.0004). Of 162 patients with non-proliferative retinopathy, progression to proliferative retinopathy occurred in 37, during 707 patient-years. The first event of proliferative retinopathy was diagnosed within the 1st year after non- proliferative retinopathy evolved, and at 6.3 years since onset of non- proliferative retinopathy 75% of the patients were still free of proliferative changes. Risk factors significantly and independently associated with an early progression to the proliferative stage were: poor glycaemic control in the last 3 years prior to the development of proliferative retinopathy and non-Ashkenazi Jewish origin. All patients in the 4th quartile of HbA1 values were affected by proliferative retinopathy within 11.6 years after onset of non-proliferative retinopathy. ER  - 
Visual function in young IDDM patients over 8 years of age: A 4-year longitudinal study; OBJECTIVE - To carry out a longitudinal study of visual functions in young patients over the age of 8 years with IDDM and to assess the impact of metabolic control on the presence of diabetic retinopathy. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - There were 37 young IDDM patients from the Paediatric and Adolescent Clinic at the University Hospital of Wales studied annually for 4 years, with a control group of 24 healthy subjects observed over a 2-year period. Assessment of visual functions included visual acuity, color vision, and contrast sensitivity. Ophthalmoscopy and retinal photography were used to determine the presence or absence of diabetic retinopathy. In addition, pubertal status and metabolic control (glycosylated hemoglobin) were determined at each visit. RESULTS - Patients with IDDM demonstrate abnormal color vision and contrast sensitivity compared with the control group (P < 0.05), but visual acuity was unaffected. Visual functions were not significantly different between those IDDM patients with and without retinopathy. After 4 years, diabetic retinopathy was present in 43% of the group and was related to diabetes duration and metabolic control (P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS - Visual function testing could not distinguish between those IDDM patients with and without retinopathy, but the color vision and contrast sensitivity in those with IDDM were significantly impaired compared with the control group. The presence of retinopathy was related to the duration of diabetes and metabolic control. It is important to ensure that good glycemic control and regular attendance for retinopathy screening is encouraged in the adolescent patients. ER  - 
Testosterone treatment in adolescents with delayed puberty: Changes in body composition, protein, fat, and glucose metabolism; Previously, we demonstrated decreased protein breakdown and insulin resistance in pubertal adolescents compared with prepubertal children. Puberty-related increases in sex steroids and/or GH could be potentially responsible. In the present study, the effects of 4 months of testosterone enanthate (50 mg im every 2 weeks) on body composition, protein, fat, and glucose metabolism and insulin sensitivity were evaluated in adolescents with delayed puberty. Body composition was assessed by H218O-dilution principle. Protein breakdown, oxidation, and synthesis were measured during primed constant infusion of [1-13C]leucine. Whole-body lipolysis was measured during primed constant infusion of [2H5]glycerol. Insulin action in suppressing proteolysis and lipolysis and stimulating glucose disposal was assessed during a stepwise hyperinsulinemic (10 and 40 mU · m2 · min) euglycemic clamp. Fat and glucose oxidation rates were calculated from indirect calorimetry measurements. After 4 months of testosterone treatment, height, weight, and fat free mass (FFM) increased and fat mass, percent body fat, plasma cholesterol, high- and low-density lipoproteins, and leptin levels decreased significantly. Whole-body proteolysis and protein oxidation were lower after testosterone treatment (proteolysis, 0.49 ± 0.03 vs. 0.54 ± 0.04 g · h · kg FFM, P = 0.032; oxidation, 0.05 ± 0.01 vs. 0.09 ± 0.01 g · h · kg FFM, P = 0.015). Protein synthesis was not different, and resting energy expenditure was not different. Total body lipolysis was not affected by testosterone treatment, however, fat oxidation was higher after testosterone (pre-: 2.4 ± 0.7 vs. post-: 3.5 ± 0.7 μmol · kg · min, P = 0.031). During the 40 mU · m2 · min hyperinsulinemia, insulin sensitivity of glucose metabolism was not affected with testosterone therapy (59.1 ± 8.8 vs. 57.1 ± 8.2 μmol · kg · min per μU/mL). However, metabolic clearance rate of insulin was higher posttestosterone (13.6 ± 1.1 vs. 16.7 ± 0.8 mL · kg · min, P = 0.004). In conclusion, after 4 months of low-dose testosterone treatment in adolescents with delayed puberty 1) FFM increases and fat mass and leptin levels decrease; 2) postabsorptive proteolysis and protein oxidation decrease; 3) fat oxidation increases; and 4) insulin sensitivity in glucose metabolism does not change, whereas insulin clearance increases. These longitudinal observations are in agreement with our previous cross-sectional studies of puberty and demonstrate sparing of protein breakdown of approximately 1.2 g · kg · day FFM, wasting of fat mass, but no change in insulin sensitivity after short periods of low-dose testosterone supplementation. ER  - 
Leptin serum levels in normal weight and obese children and adolescents: Relationship with age, sex, pubertal development, body mass index and insulin; OBJECTIVE: Leptin, the product of the ob gene, is present in higher concentrations in blood of obese subjects than of lean subjects. There is scarce information on the role of leptin in the pathogenesis of human obesity and little is known about leptin serum levels in obese children. DESIGN, SUBJECTS AND MEASUREMENTS: To evaluate the influences of age, sex, pubertal development and weight excess on serum leptin levels, we have studied 390 obese subjects (OS) and 320 normal weight subjects (NWS) aged 5-16 y. Fasting insulin concentrations were assayed in NWS, and an oral glucose tolerance test was carried out in OS and total insulin area under the curve (TIA) was calculated. RESULTS: Log-transformed values of leptin serum concentrations appeared to be distributed according to an acceptable Gaussian pattern. As observed in adults, serum leptin concentrations in children and adolescents were also increased (4-5 times) in OS as compared to NWS. In both males and females, subdivided according to pubertal stages, serum leptin varied significantly in stage IV-V as compared to the lower stages, with a reduction in males and an increase in females. On comparing the two sexes, greater serum leptin concentrations were observed in females of both NWS and OS. A significant linear correlation was found in both groups, subdivided according to sex and pubertal stage, between log values of serum leptin and standard deviation scores (SDS) of body mass index (BMI), and log-transformed relative body weight (RBW). Using partial correlation analysis in subjects subdivided according to sex and pubertal stages, log values of serum leptin and fasting insulin values, adjusted by age and SDS of BMI, correlated significantly with a weaker correlation in males than in females. In OS, the leptin concentrations correlated better with TIA than with fasting insulin. A weight reduction program (WRP) was carried out in 141 OS and significant reductions of serum leptin and fasting insulin were observed, showing a reduction of RBW. There was a correlation between the reduction of RBW and of serum leptin, but not of fasting insulin. No variation was found in non-responsive OS. RBW reduction correlated with leptin, but not with insulin (fasting and TIA), evaluated before the therapeutic program started. CONCLUSION: As observed in adults, obese children and adolescents have higher serum leptin concentrations. However, several conditions should be taken into account when evaluating leptin concentrations in children. There are differences, independent of BMI, relative to pubertal stage and sex, females having greater leptin concentrations than males. There is evidence of a possible role for leptin in the effectiveness of a weight reduction program in OS. ER  - 
Hyperprolactinaemia in males: A heterogeneous disorder; Background: The literature suggests that men with prolactinomas typically present with pressure effects of large pituitary tumours and/or/he clinical features of hypogonadism. A definitive study of the clinical features of hyperprolactinaemia in males is, however, lacking. clinical, biochemical and radiological features of hyperprolactinaemia Aims: To identify the in males. Methods: Retrospective review of the case notes of 53 adult males with prolactinoma or idiopathic hyperprolactinaemia diagnosed 1980-1995. Results: The mean age of the patients was 41 years (range 19-75). The presenting symptom was endocrine in nature in 57% of patients (loss of libido/potency 47%, gynaecomastia 6%, galactorrhoea 2%, sparse beard growth 2%), pressure effects of pituitary tumour in 28% (headache 13%, visual loss 13%, diplopia 2%), while 15% of patients presented incidentally. On physical examination, galactorrhoea was present in 8% of patients, gynaecomastia in 23% and abnormally sparse body hair in, 21%. Testicular volume was normal (≤15 mL) in all but two patients, both of whom had evidence of delayed pubertal development. Visual loss was present in 17% of patients. Serum prolactin ranged from 800 to 1.7 million mU/L (median 20,000 mU/L, reference range <500), and serum testosterone from 0.7 to 19.3 nmol/L (mean 7.8 nmol/L, reference range ten-35). Pituitary imaging by computed tomography (45%) or magnetic resonance imaging (55%) demonstrated macroadenomas in 70% of patients, microadenomas in 15%, and no detectable tUrnOUt in 15% of subjects. On bromocriptine treatment (47 subjects), 89% of patients reported improved sexual function. Follow up imaging in 36 patients with abnormal scans at presentation revealed turnout shrinkage in 89% of cases. Conclusions: Hyperprolactinaemia in males is a heterogeneous disorder. The majority of patients have prolactin-secreting macroadenomas, but there is wide variation in presenting symptoms, physical signs and results of biochemical and imaging investigations. Bromocriptine treatment is associated with symptomatic improvement and a reduction in tumour size in most cases. ER  - 
Progression of borderline increases in albuminuria in adolescents with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus; We aimed to determine the natural history of borderline increases in albuminuria in adolescents with insulin-dependent (Type 1) diabetes mellitus (IDDM) and factors which are associated with progression to persistent microalbuminura. Fifty-five normotensive adolescents with IDDM and intermittent microalbuminura (overnight albumin excretion rate of 20-200 μg min-1 on one of three consecutive timed collections, n = 29) or borderline albuminura (mean overnight albumin excretion rate of 7.2-20 μg min-1 on one of three consecutive timed collections, n = 30) were followed prospectively at 3 monthly intervals. The endpoint was persistent microalbuminuria defined as a minimum of three of four consecutive overnight albumin excretion rates of greater than 20 μg min-1. One hundred and forty-two adolescents with IDDM and normoalbuminura were also followed prospectively. Fifteen of the 59 patients (25.4%) with intermittent (9/29) or borderline (6/30) albuminura progressed to persistent microalbuminura (progressors) over 28 (1550) months [median (range)] in comparison with two of the 142 patients with normoalbuminuria at entry (relative risk = 12.6; p = 0.001). Progressors to persistent microalbuminura were pubertal and had higher systolic (p = 0.02) and diastolic (p = 0.02) blood pressure, and HbA(lc) (p = 0.004) than non-progressors. All patients remained normotensive. Glomerular filtration rate, apolipoproteins, dietary phosphorus, protein and sodium intakes, and prevalence of smoking did not differ between progressors and non-progressors. Total renin was higher in the diabetic patients without a difference between progressors and non- progressors. In conclusion there is a relatively high rate of progression to persistent microalbuminuria in pubertal adolescents with borderline increases in albuminura and duration greater than 3 years. These patients require attention to minimize associated factors of poor metabolic control and higher blood pressure in the development of incipient nephropathy. ER  - 
Renal structural-functional relationships in early diabetes mellitus; To define the earliest renal morphological changes in patients with type I diabetes, we studied renal function and morphometric analysis of renal biopsies in 59 patients with diabetes for 5-12 years and normal blood pressure, normal creatinine clearance (C(Cr)), and negative dipstick urinary protein. Arteriolar hyalinization and intimal fibrous thickening were noted in 43%. Glomerular basement membrane thickness and fractional mesangial volume were increased in 51% and 56%, respectively. The pre-pubertal and post-pubertal years of diabetes were associated with similar degrees of renal structural changes, but during the pre-pubertal years normal urinary albumin excretion (UAE) was seen. Principal factor analysis of morphometric structural parameters yielded four clusters of variables: 'glomerular size' correlated with patient age, C(Cr), and UAE; 'peripheral capillary decrease' correlated with glycosylated hemoglobin, diastolic blood pressure, glomerular filtration rate, and UAE; 'mesangial increase' correlated with UAE; and 'interstitial scarring' correlated with diastolic blood pressure. This study provides unique documentation of renal structural abnormalities which precede clinically evident renal functional abnormalities and documents that these early structural abnormalities are present in the pre-pubertal years of diabetes as well as postpuberty, and are associated with each other in constellations that correspond to postulated mechanisms in diabetic nephropathy. ER  - 
A valuable improvement of adult height prediction methods in short normal children; Objectives: The potential benefit of growth hormone (GH) administration to increase adult height of normal children of short stature might be blurred by the accuracy and the precision of the prediction methods used to estimate final height before onset of therapy. The aim of the present study was to evaluate three prediction methods: Bayley-Pinneau (BP), Roche-Wainer-Thissen (RWT) and Tanner-Whitehouse Mark II (TW2) and to improve their accuracy and precision by exploring their correlation with various parameters obtained in peripubertal children with poor predicted adult height. Study Design: Accuracy and precision of the prediction methods were evaluated retrospectively by comparing predicted adult heights estimated in 62 boys at 13.7 ± 0.9 years and in 28 girls at 12.1 ± 0.9 years of age, with their adult heights measured respectively at 20.7 ± 2.6 years and 18.8 ± 2.8 years. Results: At the time of prediction, the height for chronological age was -2.07 ± 0.68 standard deviation scores for boys and -2.15 ± 0.6 years for girls. Measured adult heights were significantly lower than target heights (165.1 ± 5.1 vs, 169.4 ± 4.8 cm for boys; p < 0.001 and 153.1 ± 3.9 vs, 156.3 ± 5.0 cm for girls; p 0.001). For boys, the BP method was the most accurate and also the most convenient with a predicted adult height of 164.7 ± 5.0 cm and a small underestimation of 0.4 ± 3.5 cm. For girls, the TW2 method was the most accurate with a predicted height of 152.4 ± 3.7 cm with a little underestimation of 0.7 ± 3.5 cm. There were no important differences between the precision of these methods. The use of a correction factor derived from the bone age delay at the time of prediction in boys and from the chronological age at the time of prediction in girls improved the accuracy of the predicted adult height. Conclusions: The use of a factor correcting the accuracy of the BP method in boys and of the TW2 method in girls should be valuable in assessing the potential benefit of GH therapy to increase adult height in short normal children. ER  - 
Serum leptin in short children born small for gestational age: Relationship with the growth response to growth hormone treatment; The product of the obese (ob) gene, leptin, is an adipocyte-derived hormone that is involved in the regulation of appetite and body weight. This study was undertaken in order to describe the basal serum levels of leptin in prepubertal short children born small for gestational age (SGA) and their relationship with growth parameters, before and during growth hormone (GH) treatment. Eighty-nine prepubertal short children (66 boys, 23 girls; height standard deviation score (SDS), -5.4 to -2.0; age, 2.0 to 12.8 years) born SGA, 12 of whom (9 boys, 3 girls) had signs of Silver-Russell syndrome, were included in the study. Serum leptin concentrations were measured by radioimmunoassay. Leptin levels in the children born SGA were compared with those in a reference group of 109 prepubertal healthy children born at an appropriate size for gestational age (AGA). The mean (S.D.) change in height SDS was 0.11 (0.22) during the year before the start of GH therapy (0.1 IU/kg/day) and increased to 0.82 (0.44) during the first year (P<0.001) and to 1.28 (0.59) during the 2-year period of GH therapy (P<0.001). The children born SGA were significantly leaner than the reference group. An inverse correlation was found between leptin and chronological age in the SGA group (r =-0.31, P<0.01). The mean serum level of leptin in the children born SGA who were older than 5.5 years of age was 2.8 μg/l which was significantly lower than the mean value of 3.7 μg/l found in the children born AGA of the same age range. The difference remained after adjustment of leptin levels for sex, age, body mass index (BMI) and weight-for-height SOS (WH(SDS)SDS). Leptin correlated with WH(SDS)SDS (r =0.32, P<0.001) and BMI (r=0.36, P<0.01) in the reference population, but not in the SGA group. No correlation was found between leptin and spontaneous 24-h GH secretion, insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-I or IGF-binding protein-3 levels, or with fasting insulin or cortisol levels. Leptin levels at the start of GH treatment were correlated with the growth response over both 1 year (r=0.46, P<0.001) and 2 years (r=0.51, P<0.001) of GH therapy. Using multiple regression analysis, models including leptin levels at the start of GH therapy could explain 51% of the variance in the growth response after 1 year and 44% after 2 years of GH treatment. In conclusion, serum leptin levels are reduced in short children born SGA and are inversely correlated with chronological age. Leptin concentrations correlate with the growth response to GH treatment and might be used as a marker for predicting the growth response to GH treatment. ER  - 
Auxological and endocrinological evaluation of children with hydrocephalus and/or meningomyelocele; Short stature and precocious puberty are frequently found in children with hydrocephalus and/or meningomyelocele (MMC). However, aetiology and pathophysiology have not been well characterized. In this study, 108 patients aged between 3 and 17.8 years were evaluated. Growth was documented on the basis of arm span measurements. Short arm span was found in 47 (43.5%) children with hydrocephalus and or MMC. Mean arm span was -2.0 standard deviation score (SDS) (-6.4 to +0.8) in 43 girls and -1.4 SDS (-5.6 to + 1.3) in 65 boys. When growth deficiency (more than -2.0 SDS) was diagnosed by arm span measurement (24 F, 23 M) or when early sexual maturation was found (6 F, 9 M), endocrine evaluation followed. Levels of serum insulin-like growth factor and insulin-like growth factor binding protein-3 were low in 22 of 62 (33.8%) patients. In 9 of 62 (14.5%) patients, insulin-like growth factor-1 and insulin-like growth factor binding protein-3 levels were found to be increased. Growth hormone (GH) deficiency was diagnosed by means of two different stimulation tests (clonidine and arginine) in 7 of 62 (11.3%) patients. In another 3 of 62 (4.8%) children, 12 h night time GH sampling showed low maximum peak levels and decreased area under the curve values, suggesting neurosecretory GH dysfunction. Precocious puberty or early onset of puberty associated with elevated luteinising hormone and follicle stimulating hormone concentrations after stimulation with luteinising hormone releasing hormone was found in 13 of 108 (12.0%) patients (age 7-9 years). Free thyroxine was abnormally low in 2 of 62 (3.2%) patients. Cortisol was within the normal range in all 62 (100%) tested patients. Conclusions: Short arm span in children with hydrocephalus and/or MMC is frequently accompanied by GH deficiency or neurosecretory GH dysfunction. Early onset of puberty is another frequent finding. Both hormonal disorders may be the consequence of damage to the hypothalamus or the pituitary gland caused by increased intracerebral pressure or increased mass of cerebrospinal fluid. ER  - 
Young maternal age and preterm labor; PURPOSE: The relationship among young age, biologic immaturity (as indexed by low gynecologic age), and the causes of preterm delivery (idiopathic preterm labor [PTL], premature rupture of the membranes [PROM], and medical indications) were investigated among 605 primigravidas from the Camden Study. METHODS: The sample consisted of 366 young adolescents < 16 years at the time of their last menstrual period (LMP) and 239 older women, 18-29 years at LMP (controls). The young adolescents were significantly shorter, thinner, had younger ages at menarche, and over a third (36.3%) were of low gynecologic age, i.e., their chronologic age was 2 or fewer years more than their age at menarche. RESULTS: Adjusting for ethnicity, cigarettes smoked/day, weight gain rate, height, fetal sex, gestational diabetes mellitus, and pregnancy-induced hypertension, young adolescents overall had a nearly 75% increased risk of PTL (adjusted odds ratio [AOR] = 1.74, 95% confidence interval [95% CI]: 1.07-2.84), and preterm delivery with PTL (AOR = 2.08, 95% CI: 1.08-4.00). There was a modest decreased risk of preterm delivery among young gravidas attributable to other causes, such as PROM or medical indications (AOR = 0.70, 95% CI: 0.28-1.75). This increased risk of PTL and preterm delivery with PTL was principally attributable to biologic immaturity. Young age with low gynecologic age was associated with a twofold risk of PTL (AOR = 2.15, 95% CI: 1.19-3.89) and preterm delivery with PTL (AOR = 2.64, 95% CI: 1.23-5.65), while the risk associated with young age and higher gynecologic age was only increased moderately. CONCLUSIONS: Young adolescents, and especially those of low gynecologic age, appear prone to PTL and are at increased risk for preterm delivery through this pathway. ER  - 
Reduced levels of growth hormone, insulin-like growth factor-I and binding protein-3 in patients with shunted hydrocephalus; Objective - Children with hydrocephalus are characterised by slow linear growth in prepuberty, accelerated physical maturation during puberty, and reduced final height. We aimed to study the possible roles of growth hormone, insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I), and IGF binding protein-3(IGFBP=3) in this growth pattern. Study design - One hundred and fourteen patients with shunted hydrocephalus (62 males) aged 5 to 20 years, of whom 17 had spina bifida (six males), and 73 healthy controls (38 males) were studied. Anthropometric measures, body mass index, and body fat mass were assessed and the stage of puberty was determined. Serum growth hormone and plasma IGF-I and IGFBP-3 concentrations were measured. Results - The patients comprised 44 (26 males) who were prepubertal and 70 (36 males) pubertal or postpubertal, while 32 of the controls (19 males) were prepubertal and 41 (19 males) pubertal or postpubertal. The prepubertal children with hydrocephalus had lower IGF-I (p = 0.002) and IGFBP-3 concentrations (p< 0.001) than the controls, and the pubertal children had four times lower basal growth hormone concentrations (p< 0.001). There was a correlation between height SD score and IGF-I levels in the total patient population (r = 0.23; p = 0.01). Peripheral IGF-I concentrations peaked at pubertal stages 2-3 in the female patients and at stage 4 in the controls. The prepubertal patients on antiepileptic treatment, carbamazepine in most cases (73%), had higher IGF-I (p = 0.01) and IGFBP=3 concentrations (p = 0.03) than those who had never been treated with antiepileptic drugs, but still lower IGFBP-3 levels than the controls (p = 0.01). Conclusion - Based on these findings, it can be concluded that reduced growth hormone secretion may contribute to the pattern of slow linear growth and reduced final height observed in these patients. ER  - 
Free insulin-like growth factor I serum levels in 1430 healthy children and adults, and its diagnostic value in patients suspected of growth hormone deficiency; Serum levels of total insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) and IGF- binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) reflect endogenous GH secretion in healthy children, which makes them good diagnostic markers for screening of GH deficiency (GHD) in short children, although some controversy still exists. Only a minor fraction of the total IGF-I circulates in its free form, which is believed to be the biologically active form. However, our knowledge of the clinical or physiological value of determination of free IGF-I in serum is limited at present. In adults, the diagnostic value of total IGF-I and IGFBP- 3 determinations in patients suspected of GHD has only been reported in a few studies, whereas no previous reports on the diagnostic value of free IGF-I levels in adults suspected of GHD exist. Serum levels of free IGF-I were determined in 1430 healthy children, adolescents, and adults by a newly developed, commercially available immunoradiometric assay (Diagnostic Systems Laboratories) to establish valid normative data for this analysis. We studied the diagnostic value of free IGF-I in relation to total IGF-I and IGFBP-3 determinations in adults who were suspected of GHD. A GH provocative test, using oral clonidine, was performed in 108 adult patients who had previously been treated with GH in childhood. In healthy subjects, free IGF-I levels increased during childhood, with the highest mean values during puberty. After puberty, a subsequent decline in serum levels of free IGF-I was apparent. We found unmeasurable free IGF-I values in 34 of the prepubertal children (3.3%). All individuals over 8 yr of age had measurable free IGF-I levels that amounted to approximately 1% of the total IGF-I concentrations. Free IGF-I levels were below -2 SD in 56 of 79 GHD patients (sensitivity, 71%) and above -2 SD in 24 of 29 patients with a normal GH response (specificity, 83%). Multiple linear regression analysis demonstrated that free IGF-I was significantly dependent on peak GH levels, duration of the disease, and number of other pituitary axes affected. We conclude that free IGF-I serum levels increase during childhood with a peak in puberty, whereafter free IGF-I levels return to prepubertal levels. Three percent of healthy prepubertal children had unmeasurable free IGF-I levels using this assay. We found that determination of the free IGF-I serum concentration may predict the outcome of a GH provocative test in adults suspected of GHD, but that a single determination of free IGF-I offered no significant advantage compared to determination of total IGF-I or IGFBP-3 serum levels. ER  - 
Role of IGF binding protein-1 in the dawn phenomenon and glycemic control in children and adolescents with IDDM; OBJECTIVE - To clarify the involvement of IGF binding protein (IGFBP)-1 in the dawn rise in plasma glucose and in the overall glycemic control in patients with IDDM. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - Seventy patients with IDDM were divided into three groups according to pubertal development. Blood samples were obtained for measuring plasma glucose, IGFBP-1, and free insulin at 2200, 0500, and 0700 over a 2-day period. Levels of HbA(1c), IGF-1, and IGFBP-3 were determined at 0700. Urinary growth hormone (GH) was collected overnight. To examine its frequency, the dawn phenomenon was defined on the basis of the following: 1) change in plasma glucose from 0500 to 0700, 2) plasma glucose level at 0700, and 3) no antecedent hypoglycemia. RESULTS - There was a statistically significant link between the dawn changes in plasma glucose and IGFBP-1 (r = 0.37, P < 0.01). The former was not related to the change in free insulin or to the overnight urinary GH level. In stepwise regression analyses, plasma glucose at 0700 = 0.03 IGFBP-1 (P < 0.01) + 0.525 HbA(1c) (P < 0.01) + 3.696 (R2 = 51%). Approximately half of the patients in each group exhibited the dawn phenomenon; 38% of patients with HbA(1c) <8% also showed the dawn phenomenon. CONCLUSIONS - We have demonstrated a statistically significant link between the morning rise in IGFBP-1 and plasma glucose. The free fraction of IGF-I modulated by acute changes in IGFBP-1 may play a direct role. The dawn phenomenon may occur regardless of pubertal stage or glycemic control in children and adolescents with IDDM. ER  - 
The use of biothesiometry to detect neuropathy in children and adolescents with IDDM; OBJECTIVE - To develop clinically useful reference ranges for vibration perception thresholds (VPTs), using biothesiometry in children and adolescents and to assess the reliability of the technique to identify subclinical neuropathy in subjects with IDDM at this age and to examine a large population-based sample of pediatric patients. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - VPTs were measured using a handheld biothesiometer at the medial malleolus and hallux in 232 nondiabetic children and adolescents aged 7-18 years (12.9 ± 4.2 years) and a population-based sample of 307 young IDDM patients (13.3 ± 4.6 years of age). The mean of three readings at each site was correlated with height, pubertal status, and age for all subjects and, in addition for the IDDM sample, with the duration of IDDM, ambient blood glucose, and mean HbA(1c) from diagnosis. Those IDDM subjects found to have elevated VPTs (>97th percentile), and a control group of patients with IDDM underwent nerve conduction studies to determine the sensitivity and specificity of biothesiometry to detect abnormal neural function in children. Interoperator reliability was assessed in a separate trial in which two operators measured VPTs independently in the same 11 children. RESULTS - In the nondiabetic control subjects, height demonstrated the best correlation with VPT measures, and a reference range was thus established with percentile charts, using mean VPT and height. VPTs were higher in the diabetic sample, compared with the nondiabetic sample (P < 0.05). Of the children, 28 (9.1%) had VPT values >97th percentile developed from studies of the nondiabetic subjects; of these, 11 were younger than 11 years and 8 were prepubertal. Nerve conduction studies confirmed reduced conduction velocity and prolonged distal latencies in those with abnormal VPTs, compared with normal control subjects and IDDM patients with normal VPTs. Sensitivity of biothesiometry to reflect abnormal nerve function was estimated as 82% and specificity as 75% at this age. Interoperator variation was small (7.25% of total variance). CONCLUSIONS - Biothesiometry is a useful noninvasive tool for the detection of subclinical neuropathy in children and adolescents. The use of height- related reference ranges may make screening for neuropathy more feasible in younger patients and allow large-scale longitudinal analysis of its development. ER  - 
Gender-specific differences of serum leptin in obese and normal-weight adolescents: Studies in type-I diabetes and Turner syndrome; The influence of exogenous insulin and estrogen substitution on serum leptin-like immunoreactivity was studied longitudinally in patients with type-I diabetes and Turner syndrome using a specific radioimmunoassay. Prepubertal, pubertal and postpubertal samples of 17 patients (9 girls, 8 boys) with type-I diabetes mellitus developing obesity were compared to those of 17 normal-weight controls matched for gender, age and diabetes duration. Six obese and six normal-weight girls with Turner syndrome were studied without hormone substitution, with ethinylestradiol alone, and with cyclic estradiol/gestagen substitution. The mean leptin levels of the girls with diabetes were two times higher than boys at all times, while insulin doses and glycemic control had no influence. In Turner syndrome estrogen substitution led to increased leptin levels only in the obese group. This study revealed that both body weight above normal and female sex steroids seem to be necessary to elevate leptin concentrations, while exogenous insulin has no effect. ER  - 
Age when maximum height is reached as a risk factor for breast cancer among young U.S. women; We evaluated height as a potential risk factor for breast cancer in a case-control study of 747 young women diagnosed with invasive breast cancer before age 46 years and 961 control subjects recruited by random digit dialing. We found that total height attained did not affect a woman's risk of the disease. The age when a woman reached her maximum height, however, was a risk factor for breast cancer. There was a trend of decreasing risk of breast cancer in relation to increasing age of height attainment, culminating in a 30% reduction in the risk of breast cancer for women who reached their maximum height when they were 18 years or older compared with women who reached their maximum height when they were 13 years old or less (odds ratio = 0.7; 95% confidence interval = 0.5-1.0). Although the age at menarche was correlated with the age at maximum height, the effect of age at maximum height persisted after adjustment for age at menarche. Previous studies have reported that age at menarche is an important determinant of risk, but this study indicates that age when maximum height is reached may be another, and possibly more important, landmark of puberty that is related to breast cancer risk. The physiologic basis for this claim may lie in the influence on breast development of exposure to growth hormone and insulin-like growth factor during puberty, and on a decreased time between the end of puberty and a woman's first livebirth, both of which are believed to affect a woman's risk of breast cancer. ER  - 
Disturbances in the growth hormone-insulin-like growth factor axis in children and adolescents with different eating disorders; Numerous endocrine abnormalities of the growth hormone (GH)-insulin-like growth factor axis have been described in patients with both anorexia nervosa and obesity during childhood and adolescence. These alterations include changes in the levels of 24-hour spontaneous GH secretion, high-affinity, low capacity GH binding protein (GHBP), IGF-I, IGF-II and the IGF binding proteins (IGFBPs). However, the existing information is sometimes confusing and contradictory. Furthermore, little or no data in these pathologies are available concerning IGFBP-2 or free IGF-I. We have analysed the GH-IGF axis in large populations of adolescents with anorexia nervosa and prepubertal children with exogenous obesity. These patients were studied at the time of diagnosis and at two timepoints during nutritional therapy and normal weight recovery. The results of these studies using age- and sex-matched controls are described here. ER  - 
Growth hormone secretion in HIV-positive versus HIV-negative hemophilic males with abnormal growth and pubertal development; Growth and pubertal development in hemophilic males, age 6-19 years at baseline, were evaluated over a 3.5-year period in 207 HIV-positive and 126 HIV-negative subjects as part of the Hemophilia Growth and Development Study. Methods: Thyroid function, insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-1) levels, bone age, cranial magnetic resonance image normality, CD4+ counts, and serum testosterone levels of study participants were measured at baseline. An extensive endocrine evaluation was performed in subjects who demonstrated declines in height for age (measurement <5th percentile with two pervious heights >10th percentile), who had not achieved Tanner stage 4 level of pubertal development by age 15 years or who had abnormal growth velocity, which included assessment of peak stimulated growth hormone response after clonidine stimulation, 12-hour growth hormone profiles, and serum beta carotene levels (triggered protocol). Results: For almost the entire group (~99%), thyroid function tests were normal for age. IGF-1 levels were normal for 93% of the cohort. A total of 120 subjects, 89 HIV-positive and 31 HIV- negative, had an abnormality of growth, pubertal development, or both; 34 (11.1%) HIV-positive and 4 (3.6%) HIV-negative subjects had declines in height (p = .001), 20 (23.3%) HIV-positive and 5 (15.8%) HIV-negative subjects had not achieved Tanner stage 4 by 15 years of age (p = .372) and 59 (43.4%) HIV-positive and 23 (25.6) HIV-negative subjects had abnormal growth velocity (p < 0.001). Among subjects with abnormal height or growth velocity, the HIV-positive group bad significantly lower mean age-adjusted testosterone levels than did the HIV-negative group (p = .030). Within the HIV-positive group, older subjects with abnormal height or growth velocity had significantly lower mean bone age than subjects of similar age without growth abnormalities (p = .0092). Extensive testing was done in 39 patients (32 HIV- positive, 7 HIV-negative). Half of the HIV-positive subjects had mean 12- hour growth hormone levels <3 ng/ml, 47% had peak stimulated levels <10 ng/ml, 28% had peak spontaneous values <10 ng/ml, and 38% had low levels of IGF-1. In the HIV-positive cohort, there was no difference in the rate of abnormalities of growth hormone secretion between those with CD4+ counts ≤ or <200 cells/mm3 and between those subjects that met the 1987 Centers for Disease Control (CDC) surveillance definition of AIDS. In the subset of HIV- positive patients with abnormal peak growth hormone levels after clonidine stimulation, growth hormone response correlated positively with CD4+ count (r = .657, p = .0056) and beta carotene concentration (R = .596, p = .0192). Conclusions: The results of this longitudinal study suggest that abnormalities of growth and pubertal development, particularly an abnormal growth velocity, are common in HIV-infected hemophilic boys and adolescents. These abnormalities might serve as indicators of the presence of HIV infection in this at-risk population. Since thyroid function tests and IGF-1 levels were normal, the etiology of growth impairment in HIV infection does not appear to be secondary to inadequate caloric intake or acquisition, or severe illness such as that caused by recurrent or persistent infection. Rather, HIV infection appears to lead to diminished growth hormone production or release and decreased androgen secretion, even before the development of AIDS and immunocompromise. These results provide a rationale for trials of treatment with growth hormone or androgens in patients with abnormalities of endocrine function. ER  - 
Plasma insulin-like growth factor 1 distribution and its relation to blood pressure in adolescents. The bogalusa heart study; The distribution of circulating insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) and its relationship to blood pressure was examined in a community study of 1073 biracial (black-white) adolescents aged 11 to 18 years. Girls of both races displayed higher levels of plasma IGF-1 than did their male counterparts (P < .01), independent of age and sexual maturation. In boys, IGF-1 was correlated positively with height (r = 0.37, P < .001), weight (r = 0.26, P < .001), Tanner stage (r = 0.31, P < .001), and age (r = 0.11, P < .05). Girls, on the other hand, showed an inverse association with age (r = -0.38, P < .001) and Tanner stage (r = -0.10, P < .05), Plasma IGF-1 was correlated positively with systolic blood pressure in boys of both races (r = 0.21 to 0.25, P < .01) and with diastolic blood pressure in white boys (r = 0.18, P < .05), but not in girls of either race. Boys with elevated levels of IGF-1 (>80th percentile) showed significantly higher blood pressure levels, especially during early to middle stages of puberty. Multivariate analysis revealed that IGF-1 was associated with systolic and diastolic blood pressure, independent of age, race, sexual maturation, height, weight, and insulin in boys. These results suggest that plasma IGF-1 may contribute to the regulation of blood pressure only in males during puberty. ER  - 
Endocrine outcome in long-term survivors of low-grade hypothalamic/chiasmatic glioma; Objective. We have evaluated the frequency of endocrine abnormalities in a large group of patients with hypothalamic/chiasmatic glioma (H/CG) and its correlation with the different forms of therapy. Design. Descriptive retrospective study using case note review analysis. Patients. The records of 68 children who survived H/CG were analysed. One third had neurofibromatosis. The mean age at tumour presentation was 5 years. The median time of follow-up was 3.6 years. Thirty-eight children received cranial radiation, of whom 17 also had surgery. Surgery was performed in a total of 24 patients. Fifteen patients received only chemotherapy. Eight children, all with neurofibromatosis, received no specific tumour treatment. Measurements. Endocrine dysfunction was determined by clinical manifestations and biochemical evaluation of hypothalamic-pituitary function. Results. Endocrine dysfunction occurred in 42% of the children. The most common disorder was GH deficiency (GHD). Of 50 children evaluated, 15 of the 19 with GHD received cranial irradiation (P < 0.05). However, 15 children treated with more than 45 Gy grew normally. Precocious puberty was diagnosed in 11 patients. Nine patients, all treated with cranial irradiation, developed hypogonadotrophic hypogonadism. Of the 14 patients with hypothyroidism, 10 had surgery (P < 0.005). Hypoadrenalism and diabetes insipidus each occurred in eight patients, and were associated with multiple endocrine deficiencies and surgery. Endocrine deficiencies occurred in children with neurofibromatosis as frequently as children without neurofibromatosis but only when comparing those treated with cranial irradiation or surgery. Conclusions. Nearly all studies assessing the endocrine outcome after tumour therapy evaluate patients with different tumour types. This study investigates a specific and large population of patients with H/CG and correlates the different forms of treatment with the endocrine outcome. Precocious puberty, in children with this tumour, is probably due to tumour location rather than oncological therapy. Conversely, although endocrine deficiencies can be a result of tumour location, the major causes of endocrine abnormalities were field irradiation and tumour surgery. A notable finding not previously reported is that endocrine dysfunction occurs less often in neurofibromatosis patients treated conservatively. Furthermore, this study documents that a significant number of young children grew normally despite receiving brain irradiation of greater than 45 Gy. ER  - 
Fasting hyperinsulinemia is a predictor of increased body weight gain and obesity in Pima Indian children; Hyperinsulinemia is commonly associated with obesity, but it has not been determined which defect comes first. Some have proposed that hyperinsulinemia may precede obesity in populations prone to NIDDM, such as Pima Indians or Pacific Islanders. In contrast, longitudinal studies in adults show that insulin sensitivity and low fasting insulin concentrations are associated with increased weight gain, whereas insulin resistance seems to protect against weight gain. The present study examined whether fasting plasma hyperinsulinemia is a risk factor for weight gain in prepubertal children in the Pima Indian population-a population that is prone to obesity. Fasting plasma insulin concentration was measured in 328 5- to 9-year-old Pima Indian children (147 boys and 181 girls) with normal glucose tolerance. Follow-up weight was obtained an average of 9.3 ± 1.9 years (means ± SD) later at age 15-19 years. Fasting plasma insulin concentration correlated with the rate of weight gain per year in both boys (r = 0.42; P < 0.0001) and girls (r = 0.20; P < 0.01) and was associated with the rate of weight gain, independent of known determinants of weight change, i.e., initial relative weight, change in height, age, and sex. Similar relationships were found between fasting plasma insulin concentration and the change in relative weight and in triceps skinfold thickness-two indicators of obesity. In conclusion, fasting hyperinsulinemia may be a risk factor for the development of obesity in young children. ER  - 
Multiple endocrine abnormalities of the growth hormone and insulin-like growth factor axis in prepubertal children with exogenous obesity: Effect of short- and long-term weight reduction; We have studied the GH-insulin-like growth factor (IGF) axis in prepubertal children with exogenous obesity at the time of clinical diagnosis and at two time points during weight reduction on a calorie-restricted diet. Spontaneous GH secretion, IGF-I, free IGF-1 (fIGF-I), IGF-II, their binding proteins (IGFBP-1, IGFBP-2, and IGFBP-3), and GH-binding protein (GHBP) values at the time of clinical diagnosis (n = 65), after a 25% decrease in the body mass index (BMI) expressed as the so score (BMI SD score; n = 29), and after a diminution of at least 50% of the initial BMI SD score (n = 9) are reported. GH secretion was significantly reduced at diagnosis, and after a decrease of at least 25% in the initial BMI SD score, it returned to normal in all patients. Total IGF-I levels were not significantly different from those in controls at any point. In contrast, fiGF-I and IGF-II levels were significantly increased, both at diagnosis and after BMI SD score reduction. Obese patients were hyperinsulinemic at diagnosis and remained so even after a 50% reduction of their BMI SD score. Serum IGFBP-I and IGFBP-2 levels were significantly decreased at diagnosis and at the two points studied during weight reduction. Serum IGFBP-3 and GHBP levels were increased significantly at diagnosis and returned to normal levels after a reduction in the BMI so score. A positive correlation between serum GHBP levels and BMI was found in both controls and obese patients. Serum IGFBP-3 levels correlated positively with IGF-I, fIGF-I, and IGF-II in all groups, but these correlations were weaker in the obese patients at diagnosis. IGFBP-2 correlated significantly with IGF-II only in the obese group at diagnosis (r = -0.760; P < 0.0001), but with fIGF-I in all groups. IGFBP-1 was negatively correlated with IGF-I and fIGF-I in all groups. In conclusion, the GH-IGF axis is dramatically altered in patients with exogenous obesity. However, most changes in the peripheral IGF system appear to be independent of the modifications n GH secretion. In addition, in contrast to current thought, not all of the observed abnormalities are reversed with a significant reduction in the BMI SD score. ER  - 
Growth hormone testing for the diagnosis of growth hormone deficiency in childhood: A population register-based study; Evaluation of GH secretion using pharmacological GH stimulation tests (GHST) remains a current practice, although the reliability of GHST has been questioned, and many pitfalls have been pointed out. We have analyzed all of the 6373 GH stimulation tests that led to the initiation of GH therapy in 3233 children treated in France from 1973-1989. Tests and GH measurements were performed by individual centers and collected by the Association France- Hypophyse. GH deficiency (GHD) was due to craniospinal irradiation (11%), was due to organic causes or associated with multiple deficiencies (22%), or was considered idiopathic (65%); 2% of the patients were considered non-GHD. Eleven different pharmacological tests were used, and 62 of the 66 theoretical pairs of tests were used at least once. The most frequent combination of tests (ornithine in one instance and insulin in another) was used in 12.7% of patients. The reliability of the GH peak measured by comparing the results of 2 tests in the same patient was poor, as measured by intraclass correlation coefficients below 0.8. Multivariate analysis identified several parameters positively or negatively associated with peak plasma GH: calendar year of initiation of treatment, etiology of GHD, height SD score, bone age SD score, puberty, weight so score, genetic target height SD score, and the nature of the pharmacological agent used. We believe that several of these factors (weight SD score, genetic target height SD score, and nature of the agent) identify biases in the diagnosis of GHD. We conclude that GHST should be performed with a very limited number of agents, interpreted after the establishment of reference values in age-matched normal children, and associated with other clinical and biochemical parameters for establishing the diagnosis of GHD. ER  - 
Hyperinsulinemia and decreased insulin-like growth factor-binding protein-1 are common features in prepubertal and pubertal girls with a history of premature pubarche; The fasting insulin resistance index, mean blood glucose, mean serum insulin (MS), early insulin response to glucose, glucose uptake rate in peripheral tissues, and insulin sensitivity indexes in response to a standard oral glucose tolerance test; serum insulin-like growth factor IGF-1), IGF- binding protein-1 (IGFBP-1), IGFBP-3, and sex hormone binding-globulin (SHBG) levels and the free androgen indexes were evaluated in 98 girls with premature pubarche [PP; pre-pubertal (B1, n = 32) early pubertal (B2; n = 27), midpubertal (B3, n = 20), and postmenarcheal (B5, n = 16)] and in 86 Tannes stage- and bone age-matched controls. We ascertained whether hyperinsulinemia in already present in PP girls before or during pubertal development and whether these patients show a similar pattern of growth factor secretion as normal girls. Body mass indexes did not differ significantly between patients and controls within the same pubertal stage. MSI levels showed a significant increase with pubertal onset in all subjects, as expected. Patients showed significantly higher MSI values than controls at all Tanner stages (P < 0.03, P = 0.03, P = 0.03, and P < 0.05 for B1, B2, B3, and B5, respectively; higher insulin response to glucose at B1, B2, and B3 (P < 0.03, P = 0.03, and P < 0.06, respectively); higher glucose uptake rate in peripheral tissues at B1 and B2 (P < 0.04 and P = 0.02, respectively); and a later rise in insulin sensitivity compared to controls PP girls also showed lower IGFBP-1 levels at B1 and B5 (P < 0.01 and P = 0.02, respectively), lower SHBP concentrations at B5 (P < 0.0005); and higher free androgen indexes at B1, B2, and B5 (P < 0.01, P < 0.05, and P < 0.001, respectively) compared to controls. Among others, significant correlations between SHBG and MSI levels (r = -0.49, P < 0.0001) and between SHBG and IGFBP-1 levels (r = 0.41, P < 0.001) were found in all subjects. Hyperinsulinemia, increased early insulin responses to glucose, increased glucose uptake rate in peripheral tissues, elevated from androgen indexes, and decreased SHBG and IGFBP-1 levels and present in most girls with PP from childhood. These findings lead strong support to the concept that PP is not a benign condition, and long term follow-up of these patients into adulthood is recommended. The possible causal role of hyperinsulinemia in adrenal and/or ovarian androgen hypersecretion remains to be established. ER  - 
Impaired reproductive function in women treated for growth hormone deficiency during childhood; OBJECTIVE There are limited data which suggest that disturbances of reproductive function may occur in GH-deficient women. We have evaluated the consequences of growth hormone (GH) deficiency on reproductive function in women treated for GH deficiency during childhood. DESIGN Questionnaires were sent to 73 GH-deficient women who had been treated for QH deficiency during childhood. The response rate was 82%. These 60 women were then visited to obtain further information concerning their reproductive status. During these visits, blood samples were obtained from 39 women, to evaluate their hormonal status, and 29 of them had a standard insulin tolerance test (ITT), as part of an adult GH substitution trial. Paediatric and gynaecological records were evaluated in all 60 women. SUBJECTS Sixty GH-deficient women treated in childhood for this deficiency were included in the study. The median age at follow up was 27 years (range 20-43). GH treatment had been discontinued for 9 years (range 2-26). MEASUREMENTS In the questionnaire and during the visit, attention was paid to GH treatment, pubertal development, menstrual cycle disturbances and fertility. In the 39 blood samples IGF-1, IGFBP-3, TSH, T4 and T3 were measured. GH responses were measured by a standard ITT. RESULTS Thirty-four women showed no spontaneous pubertal development. Of the 26 women who did, menarche occurred in 39% at the age of 16 years or older. At the time of the study, menstrual cycles in these 26 women were as follows: 12 had regular menstrual cycles, three had developed secondary amenorrhoea after discontinuation of GH treatment, five had irregular menstrual cycles and six had oligomenorrhoea. The 34 women with disturbed pubertal development and the three with secondary amenorrhoea were infertile because of hypogonadotrophism. Only 13 out of 60 women desired pregnancy or had been pregnant. Three with regular menstrual cycles had primary infertility. Ten had ovulation induced or IVF. Six of these became pregnant after 1-7 cycles. Three were still under treatment, the duration of their treatment varying from 3 to 7 years. One woman discontinued treatment. At the time of the study, nine women had actually conceived. Five out of ten completed pregnancies resulted in Casearian sections because of cephalo-pelvic disproportion or arrest of labour. During the ITT three of 29 women showed GH responses exceeding 5 μg/l (10 mU/l), ruling out complete GH deficiency. Higher GH peaks (NS), IGF-1 (P<0.01) and IGFBP-3 (P<0.01) levels were found in women with regular menstrual cycles, compared to women using sex-steroid substitution and amenorrhoeic women. CONCLUSIONS From this study, it can be concluded that disturbances in reproductive function can be expected in women treated for GH deficiency during childhood, so it is advisable to inform these women of this possibility and to maintain follow-up after discontinuation of QH treatment. Whether the somatotrophic axis exerts a direct effect on ovarian function or whether more severe GH deficiency is more frequently accompanied by disturbances in gonadotrophin secretion still has to be elucidated. ER  - 
Pituitary size and function in children and adolescents with shunted hydrocephalus; OBJECTIVE Most previous reports of endocrine disorders in children with shunted hydrocephalus have been case reports and there is a lack of systematic information on pituitary anatomy and function among these children. We have obtained these data in a large group of individuals with shunted hydrocephalus. DESIGN A controlled cross-sectional study. PATIENTS Fifty-four children and adolescents with shunted hydrocephalus were studied for pituitary anatomy and function. They had 54 age- and sex-matched controls (group I). The mean age of the patients and controls was 12.6 years and the mean shunting period 10.6 years. There was a second control group (II) for the magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and a third control group (III) for the radiography of the sella turcica. MEASUREMENTS The anatomy was visualized by MRI of the pituitary gland and by radiography of the sella turcica. The functional evaluation included an arginine-insulin test and a combined stimulation test with corticotrophin releasing factor (CRF), GnRH and TRH. RESULTS The patients were shorter (height 148·4cm vs 153·7 cm, P<0·05 and relative height -0·5 SDS vs 0·4 SDS, P<0·05) and had a higher BMI than the control group I (20·6 kg/m2 vs 18·0 kg/m2, P<0.001). They had also a greater pituitary height than the control group II (5·8 mm vs 5·1 mm, P<0- 01). The patients had significantly lower basal GH levels(P<0·001) than controls I. Sixteen patients (30%) had s poor GH response (< 20 mU/l) in the arginine-insulin test. Pituitary height was significantly lower among these patients than in those with a normal response (4·7 mm vs 6·3 mm, P<0·01), who had an increased pituitary height compared to controls II (5·1 mm, P<0·01). The area under the curve (AUC) for GH correlated with the pituitary volume (r=0·50, P<0·001). The patients had higher basal FSH and LH concentrations than controls I (P<0·001). The peak to basal ratios of FSH and LH were increased in the prepubertal patients and that of LH at Tanner pubertal stage II in the females. The basal FSH and LH levels correlated with the pituitary volume (r=0·50 and r=0·54, P<0·001 for), as did FSH AUC and LH AUC (r= 0·48 and r= 0·75, P<0·001 for both). CONCLUSIONS These observations indicate that children with shunted hydrocephalus have an increased pituitary size on average. About one-third of these patients had signs of reduced GH secretion and significantly lower pituitary height, which probably contributes to their poor linear growth. Increased pituitary size was associated with enhanced gonadotrophin secretion, which may result in early puberty in children with shunted hydrocephalus. ER  - 
Determinants of growth in diabetic pubertal subjects; OBJECTIVE - To analyze the relationship among metabolic control, IGF-I, and growth in pubertal diabetic subjects. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - In 72 diabetic children, we have studied the pattern of change of IGF-I, IGF-I SD score, IGF binding protein (BP)-1, and growth rate in different pubertal stages and have analyzed their relation to age, sex, weight/length index, HbA(1c), insulin concentration, insulin dose, and dehydroepiandrosteronesulfate (DHEAS). RESULTS - The serum IGF-I values increased up to Tanner stage 4 and thereafter decreased, whereas IGFBP-I showed the inverse pattern. When transforming the IGF-I values into SD scores, correcting for age, sex, and pubertal stage, it was shown that the deviation from normal values increased with increasing pubertal stage in boys, but was equal in stages 3-5 in girls. Using multiple regression analysis, HbA(1c), insulin dose, and DHEAS were significantly correlated to IGF-I SD score (R2 = 0.253, P = 0.001). IGFBP-I levels in the afternoon were within normal range. LogIGFBP-I showed an inverse correlation to insulin concentration in single correlation (r = -0.26, P = 0.02). In single correlation, growth rate correlated significantly to insulin dose (r = 0.25, P = 0.03). In a multiple regression analysis, only DHEAS and IGF-I SD score were found to be significantly correlated to growth rate (R2 = 0.370, P < 0.001). The 18 adolescents who had reached their final height did not deviate from their target final height, according to their recorded growth since birth. CONCLUSIONS - In a group of fairly well-controlled diabetic children, the normal increase in IGF-I during puberty is blunted. Despite decreased IGF-I levels, target final height was attained, probably because of adequate insulin compensation leading to normal IGFBP-I, thus adequate bioavailability of IGF-I. Our results point out the importance of sufficient exogenous insulin in the period of rapid linear growth. ER  - 
Comparison of endometrial changes among symptomatic tamoxifen-treated and nontreated premenopausal and postmenopausal breast cancer patients; Breast cancer patients who received tamoxifen as adjuvant therapy have been reported to have more endometrial lesions such as polyps, hyperplasia, or carcinoma. We conducted a prospective study to elucidate the endometrial changes of premenopausal and postmenopausal breast cancer patients with tamoxifen. Sixty-seven symptomatic breast cancer patients who had been on tamoxifen treatment, including 34 premenopausal and 33 postmenopausal patients, and another group of 48 patients who had not been on tamoxifen, including 25 premenopausal and 23 postmenopausal patients, were recruited. Symptomatic patients were defined as having hypermenorrhea or abnormal vaginal bleeding among premenopausal patients or postmenopausal bleeding among postmenopausal patients. Endometrial thickness and uterine size determined by vaginal ultrasonography, histologic findings, and risk factors for endometrial cancer were compared. The mean endometrial thickness and uterine size showed no statistically significant difference in premenopausal patients with (n = 34) or without (n = 25) tamoxifen treatment, whereas there was a significant difference in the postmenopausal patients with (n = 33) or without (n = 23) tamoxifen treatment (12.11 ± 12.38 mm vs 5.41 ± 2.70 mm, P = 0.025; 234.71 ± 76.36 cm3 vs 108.81 ± 81.27 cm3, P = 0.0018, respectively). The frequency of endometrial histopathologic findings was 23.5% (8/34) in tamoxifen-treated women compared with 12.0% (3/25) in nontreated women (P = 0.269) in the premenopausal groups. In contrast, it was remarkably high with 66.7% (22/33) in tamoxifen-treated women compared with 30.4% (7/23) in the nontreated women in the postmenopausal groups (P = 0.025). There were four postmenopausal patients with tamoxifen, including three with atypical endometrial hyperplasia and one endometrial carcinoma, in contrast to no postmenopausal non-treated patients, although this difference did not reach statistical significance in this study (P = 0.096). There was a remarkably high prevalence of endometrial histopathologic findings in symptomatic tamoxifen-treated breast cancer patients, especially postmenopausal women. Tamoxifen might be associated with premalignant or malignant changes in postmenopausal endometrium. Thus timely, aggressive histologic assessment such as curettage or hysteroscope should be performed to detect the endometrial lesions when symptoms occur. Vaginal ultrasonography could be a useful tool to detect the endometrial lesions. ER  - 
Diabetic retinopathy in childhood and adolescence. Effect of puberty; The aim of this study was to evaluate the role of metabolic control and duration of disease on the retinopathy prevalence in pre-pubertal and pubertal children. We enrolled 246 children and adolescents affected with Type I diabetes. Retinopathy grade was determined by colour retinography. A stratification was made in relation to duration of disease and metabolic control and the percentage of retinopathy in each risk group was determined. In the studied population, we found that 17% of patients had retinopathy at different degrees. The presence of risk factors (HbA(1c) > 9% and duration of disease > 6 years) was related to a high percentage of retinopathy (p = 0.007). Pre-pubertal duration of disease was statistically longer in patients with retinopathy than in those without retinopathy (p = 0.005). Our conclusions are that the quality of metabolic control and the duration of disease are the main risk factors for the development of diabetic retinopathy in paediatric age. Retinopathy was found in high percentage in subjects with a longer duration of disease in pre-pubertal age. Our data suggest that the years of diabetes before puberty are important in determining retinopathy status during adolescence. ER  - 
Long-term hyperglycemia is related to peripheral nerve changes at a diabetes duration of 4 years; OBJECTIVE - To examine longitudinal hyperglycemia and peripheral nerve responses in a population-based incident cohort. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - A sample from an incident cohort of young people was comprehensively followed from diagnosis of IDDM. Participants were invited to submit blood samples three times per year for central testing of GHb. During their 4th year of diabetes, nerve conduction studies were performed on the median sensory and motor, peroneal motor, and sural sensory nerves. Relationships between mean GHb and nerve latencies, velocities, and amplitudes were explored. RESULTS - GHb was positively related to all nerve latencies and negatively related to all nerve velocities. The relationships between mean GHb and nerve conduction latencies and velocities differed by sex for the peroneal nerve latency (β = 0.17 male subjects, β = -0.01 female subjects; P < 0.001). Pubertal participants had lower velocities and longer latencies than prepubertal participants (β = 0.37; P = 0.05 peroneal latency), after adjustment for GHb, height, and extremity temperature. Sensory and motor nerve amplitudes were related to GHb, and these relationships did not differ by sex. CONCLUSIONS - Our study indicates that sustained hyperglycemia is related to functional changes, at the minimum, in peripheral sensory and motor nerve conduction at a diabetes duration of 4 years. Our findings are consistent with a dying-back neuropathy, and there is some suggestion that chronic hyperglycemia may be more detrimental to nerves in male subjects than in female subjects. ER  - 
Serum insulin-like growth factor I and physical performance in prepubertal Bolivian girls of a high and low socio-economic status; The aim of the study was to determine if a decrease in serum insulin-like growth factor I (Igf-I) levels under marginal malnutrition is responsible for the lower physical performance of girls of a low socio-economic status (LSES). Girls were selected after physical examination (Tanner's stage 1) and anthropometric measurements (height, body mass or m(b), body mass index or BMI = m(b) height2). Lean body mass m(b,l) was measured after skinfold thickness determination; serum IGF-I, by radioimmunoassay; maximal O2 consumption, (VO(2max)), directly during incremental exercise up to exhaustion; and maximal aerobic power (W(max) the force-velocity test. LSES girls (n = 31) had been malnourished in the past and, currently, were suffering from marginal malnutrition: they were smaller (135.2 ± 5.5 vs 146.1 ± 4.3 cm), lighter(31.7 ± 3.9 vs 37.6 ± 5.0 kg), exhibited a lower m(b.l) (24.2 ± 2.5 vs 27.5 ± 3.0 kg) but same BMI compared with HSES (high socio-economic status) girls (n = 32). Igf-I levels (27.7 ± 7.9 vs 34.1 ± 6.5 nmol l-1), VO(2max) (45.26 ± 4.72 vs 50.74 ± 6.02 ml min-l kg-1 LBM) and W(max) (6.00 ± 1.15 vs 8.70 ± 1.53 W kg-1 m(b,l) were lower in LSES girls. Moreover, the differences in every parameter were not the consequence of the younger age (10.8 ± 0.9 vs 11.2 ± 0.6 years) of the LSES girls. Our results provide evidence that the lower W(max) of undernourished prepubertal girls was partly the consequence of alterations in muscle function at the qualitative level, as a result of a decrease in Igf-I levels. Conversely, under normal nutritional conditions, anthropometric characteristics only are explicatory factors for physical performances. ER  - 
Circulating leptin in normal children and during the dynamic phase of juvenile obesity: Relation to body fatness, energy metabolism, caloric intake, and sexual dimorphism; In 112 obese compared with 42 lean children, we found that serum leptin is elevated early in the evolution of childhood-onset obesity (28.4 ± 1.4 vs. 4.5 ± 0.4 ng/ml in lean children, P < 0.0001) and correlates with adiposity. Obese children also had higher serum leptin normalized to fat mass. Despite high serum leptin, obese children ingested 2-3 times more calories than did lean control subjects (P < 0.0001) and gained weight rapidly (10.2 ± 0.3 vs. 2.9 ± 0.1 kg/year in control subjects, P < 0.0001). Girls had higher leptin levels than did boys, in obese as well as in nonobese children, and showed a closer correlation between adiposity and serum leptin. Elevation of serum leptin was comparable before and after puberty in obese boys, but puberty further increased leptin levels in obese girls (36 ± 3 ng/ml), resulting in a clear sexual dimorphism with pubertal obese boys (22 ± 5 ng/ml, P < 0.005). In conclusion, increased serum leptin reflects but does not halt fat deposition in childhood obesity. After normalization to body adiposity, leptin was found to be increased independently by obesity status, female sex, and female sexual maturation. ER  - 
Albumin excretion rate, serum insulin-like growth factor-I and glomerular filtration rate in type I diabetes mellitus at puberty; The albumin excretion rate (AER), insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) levels, glomerular filtration rate (GFR) and glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA(1c)) levels were studied in 49 diabetic children and 49 controls. The duration of diabetes varied from newly diagnosed to 17.8 years. Diabetics exhibited a wide range of AER values and had significantly higher AER and IGF-I levels compared to controls. At puberty elevated circulating growth hormone (GH) concentrations were found with a parallel increase in the levels of IGF-I. High IGF-I levels were found in 10-12 year-old girls and 15-16 year-old boys in both diabetic and control groups. Positive correlations were found between IGF-I and GFR in girls of both groups (p<0.05) and in control girls between IGF-I, GFR and microalbuminuria (p<0.05). The diabetic boys also showed microalbuminuria with respect to controls at high HbA(1c) levels and when their testis volume exceeded 8 ml (p<0.05). We concluded that the prominent change in GH release at puberty, reflected by IGF-I, is in pulse amplitude, and that this is increased in diabetes but it is not a very important factor when determining the abnormal levels of urinary albumin excretion. ER  - 
Increased serum levels of advanced glycation end products (AGEs) in children and adolescents with IDDM; OBJECTIVE - To investigate whether the serum levels of advanced glycation end products (AGEs) are increased in IDDM children and adolescents and to study the effect of puberty on serum levels of AGEs (S-AGEs). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - A total of 68 children and adolescent IDDM patients (age, 13.3 ± 4.0 years; duration of diabetes, 5.0 ± 3.6 years; HbA(1c), 8.2 ± 2.0%; Tanner stage [pubic hair], 1 vs. 2-5, 24/42) recruited from the pediatric outpatient clinic at Aker University Hospital were compared with 25 healthy nondiabetic control subjects. S-AGEs were measured by a fluorometric immunoassay. RESULTS - S-AGEs were significantly elevated in the diabetic group when compared with the control group (14.4 ± 3.5 vs. 11.7 ± 3.0 U/ml, P < 0.002). A significant correlation (r = 0.26, P < 0.04) was found between S-AGEs and HbA(1c) in the diabetic group but not in the control group. No significant correlation was found between S-AGEs and the duration of diabetes in the diabetic group or S-AGEs and blood glucose concentration or age in either group. We found no difference between S-AGEs in boys and girls and in prepubertal and pubertal diabetic or control subjects. CONCLUSIONS - S-AGEs are increased in young patients with diabetes before puberty. Since AGEs are linked to the pathogenesis of vascular complications, this observation suggests that the pathological processes leading to diabetic late complications start even before puberty. ER  - 
Growth hormone (GH)-binding protein in prepubertal short children born small for gestational age: Effects of growth hormone treatment; This study was undertaken to characterize the serum levels of GH- binding protein (GHBP) before and during GH treatment in prepubertal short children born small for gestational age (SGA) and their relationship with growth parameters. Sixty-seven prepubertal short children (49 boys and 18 girls; height SD score, -5.4 to -2.0; age, 2.0-12.8 yr) born SGA, 8 of whom (6 boys and 2 girls) had signs of Silver-Russell syndrome, participated in the study. Total GHBP was measured by a ligand-mediated immunofunctional assay. The mean (SD) change in height SD score during the year before the start of GH treatment (0.1 IU/kg.day) was 0.11 (0.20) SD score, and this value increased to a 0.84 (0.43) SD score during the first year (P < 0.001) and to a 1.27 (0.63) SD score during the 2-yr period of therapy (P < 0.001). The baseline GHBP values ranged from 49-392 pmol/L, and no relationships were found among sex, chronological age, and maximal GH response to an arginine- insulin tolerance test. A positive correlation between GHBP and body composition, expressed as weight for height SD score, was found in the whole group (r = 0.28; P < 0.05) and in boys (r = 0.44; P < 0.01). No relationship was found between GHBP and spontaneous 24-h GH secretion, in terms of either GH secretion rate or pulsatile pattern, whereas GHBP was positively correlated with insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) SD score (r = 0.28; P < 0.05) and IGF-binding protein-3 SD score (r = 0.39; P < 0.01). Using a multiple stepwise linear regression analysis, the model using the IGF- binding protein-3 so score and the weight for height SD score at the start of GH therapy accounted for 33% of the variance in the baseline GHBP values. A mean increase of 27 (51)% in GHBP levels was found after 1 yr of therapy. However, a high degree of variability in the response of individuals to GH treatment in terms of GHBP levels was observed: in some children GHBP levels increased, whereas in others they decreased. In conclusion, GHBP levels in short prepubertal children born SGA were mostly within the normal range previously reported and correlated directly with body composition. An increase in GHBP levels was observed during GH treatment in some SGA children. No correlation was found between pretreatment GHBP levels and growth response to GH treatment. ER  - 
Relation between insulin-like growth factor-I, body mass index, and clinical status in cystic fibrosis; Objectives - Despite improved nutrition and intensive treatment, subjects with cystic fibrosis have difficulty in maintaining anabolism during intercurrent infections, which can result in reduced body mass index and impaired skeletal growth. Insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) and its binding protein IGFBP3 are sensitive to changes in nutritional status. The aim of this study was to determine the relation between circulating concentrations of these peptides, body mass index, and clinical status in cystic fibrosis. Methods - Serum concentrations of IGF-I and IGFBP3 were measured in 197 subjects (108 males, 89 females; mean age 9.69 years, range 0.41-17.9 years) and these data were analysed with respect to body mass index, pubertal stage, and clinical status as assessed by Shwachman score and forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1). Results - The mean height SD score of the children studied was -0.2 (SD 1.14) and the body mass index SD score -0.26 (1.4). The body mass index SD score declined with increasing age (r = -0.18) and paralleled changes in IGF-I concentrations, which also declined. The IGF-I SD score (calculated from control data) correlated with age (r = -0.53). The abnormalities were most obvious during late puberty, when IGF-I and IGFBP3 concentrations were significantly reduced compared with those in control subjects matched for pubertal stage. The IGF-I SD score correlated with height SD score (r = 0.14) and the decline in IGF-I concentrations with the fall in body mass index SD score (r = 0.42). IGF-I SD scores also correlated with the Shwachman score (r = 0.33) and FEV1 (r = 0.17). Conclusions - The close relation between declining IGF-I and IGFBP3 concentrations and body mass index in patients with cystic fibrosis may simply reflect poor nutritional status and insulin hyposecretion. Nevertheless, IGF-I deficiency could also contribute towards the catabolism observed in these patients, and IGF-I SD scores correlated with other measures of clinical status such as the Shwachman score and FEV1. ER  - 
Growth hormone (GH) provocative retesting of 108 young adults with childhood-onset GH deficiency and the diagnostic value of insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) and IGF-binding protein-3; Serum levels of total insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) and IGF- binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) reflect the endogenous GH secretion in healthy children and exhibit little diurnal variation, which makes them good diagnostic markers for screening of GH deficiency (GHD) in short children, although some controversy still exists. In adults, the diagnostic value of IGF-I and IGFBP-3 suspected of GHD has been reported in only a few studies. We performed a GH provocative test, using oral clonidine, in 108 patients who had previously been treated with GH during childhood (73 men and 35 women). Basal IGF-I and IGFBP-3 levels were compared to those in 1237 healthy controls (312 controls >18 yr) as well as to peak GH levels. Seventy-nine patients had peak GH values below a cut-off value of 7.5 μg/L (34 with isolated GHD), whereas 29 patients had a normal GH response (28 with previous isolated GHD), i.e. 45% of patients treated with GH during childhood because of isolated GHD had a normal GH response when retested in adulthood. Multiple regression analysis revealed that peak GH levels were dependent on the degree of hypopituitarism, body mass index, and duration of disease. IGF-I levels were below -2 SD in 60 of 79 GHD patients and above -2 SD in 21 of 29 patients with a normal GH response. IGFBP-3 levels were below -2 SD in 54 of 79 GHD patients and above -2 SD in 23 of 29 patients with a normal GH response. Multiple linear regression analysis demonstrated that IGF-I and IGFBP-3 were significantly dependent on peak GH levels and the number of other pituitary axes affected. In this analysis, duration of disease was significantly associated with both IGF-I and IGFBP-3, whereas body mass index was significantly associated with IGFBP-3, but not with IGF-I. We conclude that IGF-I and IGFBP-3 determinations predict the outcome of a GH provocative test in adults suspected of GHD and believe that IGF-I as well as IGFBP-3 serum concentrations are valuable diagnostic parameters in the evaluation of GHD in adults with childhood-onset disease. We suggest that children who have been treated with GH should undergo reassessment of their GH secretory status as young adults by provocative testing as well as by IGF-related peptides before continued adult GH replacement therapy is considered. However, our data suggest that it is not necessary to reconfirm GH deficiency by GH provocative testing in young adults who have two or more pituitary hormone deficiencies in addition to GHD. ER  - 
Pubertal growth, sexual maturation, and final height in children with IDDM: Effects of age at onset and metabolic control; OBJECTIVE - To evaluate growth and pubertal development in children with IDDM and the influence of the age at onset of IDDM and the degree of metabolic control on final height. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - We conducted a retrospective evaluation of 62 subjects followed longitudinally both clinically and metabolically from the onset of IDDM until final height was reached. RESULTS -Height at diagnosis was within the normal percentiles in boys (0.5 ± 1.0 standard deviation score [SDS]) and girls (0.4 ± 1.0 SDS), but above the genetic target height (-1.0 ± 0.9 SDS in boys and -1.1 ± 0.6 SDS in girls; P=0.0001 for both comparisons). Although a lesser height gain was observed during the ensuing years, the final height reached by boys (- 0.4 ± 1.1 SDS) and girls (-0.4 ± 0.9 SDS) was higher than the genetic target height. Blunted total pubertal growth was observed both in boys (24.5 ± 3.6 cm) and girls (20.1 ± 4.2 cm). The decrease in height gain was independent of the duration of IDDM, the degree of metabolic control, or the insulin requirement. The greater the height at diagnosis, with respect to the genetic target height, the lesser was the subsequent height gain to reach final adult height (r = 0.34, P < 0.01). BMI increased with age as normally occurs in health children, independent of the duration of disease and the degree of metabolic control. Pubertal development began and progressed normally both in boys and girls. In boys, a testicular volume of 4 ml was reached at mean age of 12.1 ± 0.9 years. In girls, breast enlargement occurred at a mean age of 10.4 ± 1.2 years and the mean age of menarche was 12.8 ± 1.4 years. Pubertal development and progression occurred independent of the age at onset of IDDM, the glycemic control, or the insulin requirement during the pubertal period. CONCLUSIONS - Children with IDDM have normal onset of puberty and normal sexual maturation. Even though final height falls within the normal percentiles, the diminished height gain after diagnosis requires further investigation. ER  - 
Prevalence of diabetic retinopathy in children and adolescents with IDDM. A population-based multicentre study; Vision-threatening diabetic retinopathy can be prevented if it is diagnosed before becoming too advanced. Since diabetic retinopathy has been reported to occur only rarely before the end of pubertal development, children and adolescents are seldom included in screening programmes. We invited 780 children and adolescents with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus diagnosed before the age of 15.0 years (disease duration of < 12 years) and who were older than 9.0 years at the time of examination from eight regions of Sweden. Retinal examination was performed with stereoscopic fundus photograph. The photograph were rated according to a modified Airlie House classification. The dropouts (223/780, 28.6 %) were significantly older and with a longer duration of diabetes than the examined children (p<0.001 and 0.001, respectively). Photographs from 557 patients aged (median [interquartile range]:14.6 [12.4-17.0]) years and with a diabetes duration of 8.0 (5.5-9.9) years were evaluated. Retinopathy was demonstrated in 81 patients (14.5 %):66 with background retinopathy, 2 with microaneurysms and hard exudates, 12 with preproliferative retinopathy, 1 with proliferative retinopathy. Preproliferative retinopathy was diagnosed in a 12.8-year-old girl in pubertal stage 3 and 11.8-year-old boy in pubertal stage 2, and proliferative retinopathy was found in a 21.5-year-old girl. Retinopathy was demonstrated in 6% and 18% of patients in pubertal stages 1 and 5, respectively. The overall prevalence of retinopathy in this population may even be higher since the dropouts were older and had a longer duration of diabetes. Since backgrond and preproliferative retinopathy were found in children before puberty, we recommend including children and adolescents in screening programmes for diabetic retinopathy from the age of 10 years. ER  - 
Factors influencing height and weight development in children with diabetes: Results of the Berlin retinopathy study; OBJECTIVE - To investigate the influence of glycemic control and insulin therapy on the longitudinal growth and weight development of children with diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - Prospective measurements of standing height and weight were recorded longitudinally in 634 children after IDDM onset (median age of onset, 9 years [range 1-15 years]; median diabetes duration at final examination, 11 years [range 1-19]; 3,236 patient-years on two or three injections daily; 399 patient-years on multiple injection therapy [MIT]). RESULTS - Normal development was found until puberty, with a tendency toward stunted growth and overweight (weight >97th centile) thereafter. Female sex (P < 0.01) and MIT (P < 0.01) were associated with overweight. Final height was evaluated in a subgroup of 197 young adults followed until age 18 years. Relative growth was calculated as the difference between the standard devaition scores (SDSs) at manifestation (median 0.2 [range -3.5 to 2.9]) and at 18 years of age (reduction of 0.5 [-2.5 to 1.8]), equivalent to a median loss of 2.9 cm in boys and 2.3 cm in girls. Significant linear correlations with the change in height SDS after diabetes manifestation were found for age at manifestation (r=0.21 P<0.001) and prepubertal (r = -0.40, P<0.001) and postpubertal HbA(1c) (r = -0.115. P < 0.001). While children with poorer relative growth also had a higher BM] (P < 0.05), no influences of sex, prevalence of limited joint mobility, or presence of retinopathy were found. CONCLUSIONS - Female sex and MIT are associated with diabetes-related obesity. Prepubertal land postpubertal glycemic control appear to be of importance for the diabetics-associated relative growth deficit. ER  - 
Growth hormone-binding proteins, IGF-I and IGF-binding proteins in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus; Growth hormone binding proteins, insulin-like growth factor I and insulin-like growth factor binding proteins were determined in 54 children and adolescents affected by type 1 diabetes mellitus (25 prepubertal and 29 pubertal) showing reduced height velocity and the results were compared to those of 104 matched controls. Growth hormone binding proteins were similar in prepubertal and pubertal subjects but were significantly lower in the prepubertal diabetic group than in controls. Insulin-like growth factor I was low both in prepubertal and pubertal diabetic subjects. Insulin-like growth factor binding protein 3 was similar to controls, while insulin-like growth factor binding protein 1 and 2 were always high in diabetic children. Insulin-like growth factor binding protein 4 was high only in the prepubertal diabetic group. In conclusion, a low insulin-like growth factor I in diabetic children seems to depend on a GH receptor and/or a postreceptor defect. A low insulin-like growth factor I together with a normal insulin-like growth factor binding protein 3 and high levels of insulin-like growth factor binding proteins 1, 2 and 4 results in a reduced bioavailability of insulin-like growth factor I to target tissues. This could be a possible contributing factor to the reduced height velocity seen in our diabetic children. ER  - 
Growth hormone (GH) retesting and auxological data in 131 GH-deficient patients after completion of treatment; GH state and auxological data after completion of GH therapy are reported in 131 patients (79 males, 52 females). They were treated from 1980- 1994 for partial (n = 98) or complete (n = 33) GH deficiency (GHD), either idiopathic (n = 121) or organic (n = 10). A single stimulation test (clonidine + betaxolol) was used, and only 50 patients (38%) maintained a blunted response (GH peak below 10 μg/L). Although 9 of the 10 patients with organic GHD had an abnormal low GH peak, 67% of patients with idiopathic GHD normalized their GH secretion. This was particularly true of partial GHD patients (71% vs. 36% of complete GH-deficient patients). Based on a retest GH peak below 5 μg/L, only 23% of the patients were considered to be GH deficient and therefore candidates for GH treatment during adulthood. We found no significant difference between hormonal state at completion of treatment and initial GH deficiency, pubertal state, or sex, although we did find a significantly lower GH peak value before and after treatment in patients with elevated body mass index. Of the 14 obese children who were treated, 50% had an abnormally low serum insulin-like growth factor-I level, arguing for true GHD, and only two children remained obese at cessation of treatment. Auxological data showed that with a mean duration of treatment of 3.6 ± 2.0 yr, patients classified as having complete GHD before treatment had significantly greater catch-up growth as expressed in SDS for height than patients with partial GHD (0.6 ± 1.1 vs. 1.1 ± 0.7 SDS, P <0.05), and that boys grew better than girls (1.4 ± 0.8 vs 1.6 ± 0.6 SDS) for height, P < 0.01). That catch-up growth was not correlated with the result of GH peak after cessation of treatment. ER  - 
Biochemical tests in the diagnosis of childhood growth hormone deficiency; GH stimulation tests are widely used in the diagnosis of GH deficiency (GHD), although they are associated with a high false positive rate. We have examined, therefore, the performance of other tests of the GH axis [urinary GH excretion, serum insulin-like growth factor I(IGF-I), and IGF-binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) levels] compared with GH stimulation tests in identifying children defined clinically as GH deficient. Group I comprised 60 children (mean age, 10.3 ± 4.8 yr) whose diagnosis of GHD was based on a medical history indicative of pituitary dysfunction (n = 43) or on the typical phenotypic features and appropriate auxological characteristics of isolated GHD (n = 17). Group II comprised 110 short children (mean age, 9.8 ± 4 yr) in whom GHD was not suspected, but needed exclusion. The best sensitivity for a single GH test was 85% at a peak GH cut-off level of 10 ng/mL, whereas the best specificity was 92% at 5 ng/mL. The sensitivities of IGF-1, IGFBP-3, and urinary GH, using a cut-off of -2 SD score were poor at 34%, 22%, and 25%, respectively, with specificities of 72%, 92%, and 76% respectively. Only 2 of 21 pubertal children in group I and none of the 27 subjects with radiation- induced GHD had an IGFBP-3 SD score less than -1.5. We devised a scoring system based on the positive predictive value of each test, incorporating data from the GH test and the IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 levels. A specificity of 94% could be achieved with a score of 10 or more (maximum 17) (sensitivity 34%). The latter could not be improved above 81% with a score of 5 points or more (specificity, 69%). A high score was, therefore, highly indicative of GHD, but was achieved by few patients. A normal IGFBP-3 level, however, did not exclude GHD, particularly in patients with radiation-induced GHD and those in puberty. A GH test with a peak level more than 10 ng/mL was the most useful single investigation to exclude a diagnosis of GHD. ER  - 
Muscle force and endurance in untreated and human growth hormone or insulin-like growth factor-I-treated patients with growth hormone deficiency or Laron syndrome; Muscle force and endurance of four muscle groups (biceps, triceps, hamstrings and quadriceps) were measured by a computerized device in three groups: (A) 4 boys with isolated growth hormone deficiencies (IGHD) examined before and at 10 and 24 months of hGH treatment; (B) 5 children (2 F, 3 M) with Laron syndrome were examined 3.5-4 years after initiation of insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) treatment, and (C) comprised 8 untreated adults (5 F, 3 M) with Laron syndrome. For each patient, 2 matched controls, by age, sex, physical activity and height below the 50th percentile, were examined. GH- or IGF-I-deficient patients before treatment revealed reduced muscle force and endurance. GH treatment (0.6 U/kg/week) restored muscle force and endurance, progressively, mainly in the boys with puberty. Three to 4 years of IGF-I treatment (150 μg/kg/day) in patients with Laron syndrome proved to have a weaker effect than GH in restoring muscle force. The difference in effectiveness between hGH and IGF-I in restoring muscle force may be due to either the more marked muscle underdevelopment in Laron syndrome patients than in patients with IGHD or a difference in action potential between the two hormones. ER  - 
Change in blood pressure during pubertal insulin resistance; To examine the levels and relationships of blood pressure and insulin during puberty, blood pressure and serum insulin were measured in 3596 subjects, aged 3-18 y, whose pubertal status was graded according to the Tanner classification. The same study protocol was repeated in two follow-up surveys 3 and 6 y later for 2991 6-21-y-old subjects and 2799 9-24-y-old subjects, respectively. There was a 37-66% increase in insulin at Tanner stage 3 (pubic hair) among the female subjects and at Tanner stage 5 (pubic hair) among the male subjects, after which insulin started to decrease. The mean systolic and diastolic blood pressure increased steadily throughout puberty. The rise in blood pressure continued during early adulthood despite the decrease in serum insulin. The correlation between systolic blood pressure and insulin measured in the same year was weak at each pubertal stage after standardization for weight, except among the female subjects at mid puberty. There was no relation between diastolic blood pressure and insulin. Adult systolic blood pressure could be predicted by pubertal insulin among the male subjects after adjustment for age and weight (partial correlation coefficient 0.21), but among the female subjects this relation was trivial (partial correlation coefficient 0.08). We conclude that the correlation between insulin and actual blood pressure vanishes during puberty, whereas pubertal insulin and future adult male systolic blood pressure seem to correlate. ER  - 
The effect of prepubertal diabetes duration on diabetes: Microvascular complications in early and late adolescence; OBJECTIVE - To define the significance of prepubertal diabetes duration in the development of diabetic microvascular complications in adolescents. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - Study A compares complications in 38 prepubertal (PreP) and 140 pubertal (Pub) subjects of the same age (10-14 years) and diabetes duration (3-12 years) to determine if the absence of puberty itself confers a lower risk of complications. Study B examines the importance of prepubertal and pubertal diabetes duration in 193 older adolescents (ages 15-22 years) with prepubertal onset of diabetes. Retinopathy status was assessed using stereoscopic fundus photography of seven fields per eye. Albumin excretion rate (AER) was assessed by three consecutive overnight urine collections, using a polyclonal radioimmunoassay. RESULTS - In study A, there were no significant differences between the Prep and Pub groups for retinopathy (27 vs. 29%, P = 0.8) or differences in elevated AER (17 vs. 31%, P = 0.1). In study B, longer prepubertal diabetes duration improved the prediction for retinopathy over postpubertal duration alone (P < 0.0005). No relationship with duration was found for elevated AER (>7.5, >15, and >30 μg/min). CONCLUSIONS - Prepubertal subjects with diabetes did not have less retinopathy or elevated albumin excretion compared with pubertal subjects of the same age Prepubertal diabetes duration is significantly related to the presence of retinopathy in adolescents. ER  - 
Delayed puberty in girls with cystic fibrosis despite good clinical status; Background. Previous studies have shown that puberty is delayed among patients with cystic fibrosis (CF). Malnutrition has been considered the main etiologic factor. Today with improved medical therapy and nutritional support, most CF patients obtain an almost normal nutritional status. Objectives. To investigate whether pubertal development among female CF patients at the Stockholm CF Center was normal and, if not, what other parameters besides nutrition might influence this. Methods. Seventeen patients were studied retrospectively regarding age at peak height velocity and menarche. Menarcheal age (MA) was compared with normal population data and related to clinical and nutritional status, genotype, oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), and essential fatty acid levels. Results. The mean age at peak height velocity (12.9 ± 0.8 years) and at menarche (14.9 ± 1.4 years) was significantly higher in the CF patients compared with normal controls (11.9 ± 1.0 years and 13.0 ± 1.0 years, respectively). No correlation was found between menarchal age and nutritional or clinical parameters. The patients with pathological OGTT without overt diabetes were significantly older at menarche (15.8 ± 1.7 years) compared with the patients with normal OGTT (14.3 ± 0.9 years). The patients who were homozygous for the most common mutation, deltaF508, were significantly older at menarche (15.2 ± 1.9 years) than those who were not (14.7 ± 0.9 years). Conclusions. Pubertal delay still existed among the CF patients despite good clinical status. The patients homozygous for deltaF508 and those with pathological OGTT showed the most delayed puberty. ER  - 
Perspectives on integrating experimental and epidemiologic research on diet, anthropometry and breast cancer; Three perspectives on the integration of experimental and epidemiologic research on diet, anthropometry and breast cancer are presented. 1) Although body weight and height have been linked to breast cancer risk by epidemiologic research, their roles have not been directly explored with animal models. However, basic, clinical and epidemiologic research on obesity and associated metabolic alterations may be pertinent. Individual differences in the timing and magnitude of weight gain and loss during adult life need to be considered in epidemiologic studies of adiposity and breast cancer, along with individual differences in the pattern of body fat deposition, the hormonal and metabolic changes that accompany the adiposity, and family history of obesity-related chronic diseases. Animal models with genetic predispositions to obesity, diabetes and breast cancer merit further exploration, as well as models that can evaluate exposures occurring after puberty. 2) The synergy between experimental and epidemiologic studies on fat and energy intake and breast carcinogenesis has been productive because each discipline has had to incorporate recent findings of the other. Dietary studies utilizing animals with different genetic profiles are promising, but require identification of the critical genes in human carcinogenesis. 3) Controlled dietary intervention studies with human participants using intermediate endpoints can bridge the gap between animal and epidemiologic studies, but generally accepted intermediate endpoints for breast cancer need to be developed. Such studies would permit better control of diet than large clinical trials and the opportunity to explore mechanisms. ER  - 
Small thyroid volumes and normal iodine excretion in Berlin schoolchildren indicate full normalization of iodine supply; Iodine deficiency is the major cause of an increase in thyroid gland volume in infants and children. In this field study we monitored the iodine supply and its effect on the thyroid gland volume in prepubertal and pubertal children in the eastern and western parts of the city of Berlin, so far considered as an area with borderline iodine deficiency. The thyroid gland volume was determined by ultrasound in 1080 (f = 552, m = 528) children aged 3-15 years, and was correlated to age, body-surface area and iodine excretion, which was measured in a first-morning spot urine. The mean iodine concentration was 115.8 μg iodine/g creatinine (12.2 μg iodine/dl urine), with no significant differences between eastern parts with 114.5 μg iodine/g creatinine (12.3 μg iodine/dl urine) vs 116.7 μg iodine/g creatinine (12.0 μg iodine/dl urine) in the western parts of the city. This good iodine supply of the children was surprising compared to former studies in children and adults. Moreover this normalization of the iodine excretion was reflected by smaller thyroid gland volumes in the children. The volume was found to increase with age and was 2.4 ± 1.1 ml in prepubertal (Prader and Largo: f ≤ 10.9 ys, m ≤ 11.5 ys) children, compared to 4.3 ± 1,7 ml in pubertal children. The goiter prevalence, calculated on this data was below 5%. Among all children there were only 11 (aged 8-13 ys) with abnormal findings of the thyroid gland on ultrasound: 6 with small nodules, 1 girl with a thyroid-cyst, 2 girls had an inhomogenous echo structure and 2 girls presented with a hemithyroidea. This study shows that the iodine supply of the children in Berlin has improved, resulting in smaller sized thyroid glands, compared to those which have been previously published for Germany, but they correspond well to volumes described in countries with sufficient iodine supply. ER  - 
Growth retardation in constitutionally short children is related both to low serum levels of insulin-like growth factor-I and to its reduced bioavailability; Measurements of serum levels of insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-I, IGF-II and IGF binding protein (IGFBP)-1 have been carried out in conjunction, with Western ligand blot analysis of serum IGFBPs in 39 constitutionally short children and adolescents and compared with those of 27 age-matched normal subjects (and also with 23 hypopituitary patients). Estimated amounts of the two forms of IGFBP-3 (42 and 39 kDa) and of IGFBP-2 (34 kDa) were obtained by laser densitometry scanning. Mean serum levels of IGF-I were decreased by 46% ± 5% in short, compared to normal, prepubertal children (P < 0.01) and reduced slightly, but not significantly, in short pubertal children. IGFBP-1 levels decreased with age in short children, as they did in normals, but average values were significantly higher in short children (P < 0.001). There was also a tendency for higher IGFBP-2 levels in short prepubertal and pubertal children. IGFBP-3 bands were of equal intensity in short and normal subjects. Physiologically, IGFBP-3 undergoes limited proteolysis which results in facilitated dissociation of the IGFs, particularly IGF-I, and an increase in their turnover. Western immunoblotting detects proteolytic fragments of IGFBP-3 (the major one being of 30 kDa) that are not detected by ligand blotting. The ratio of proteolysed to total IGFBP-3 in short prepubertal children (36.8% ± 2.6%) was significantly lower (P < 0.01) than in normal prepubertal subjects (60.6% ± 8.9%). This lesser proteolysis of IGFBP-3 would explain the excessive levels of IGFBP-3 (detected by ligand blotting) relative to IGF levels in short children. These results suggest that growth retardation in short children involves IGF-I deficiency resulting from both decreased IGF-I synthesis and lesser bioavailability of the circulating IGF-I bound to IGFBP-3. High IGFBP-1 levels may also contribute towards limiting the availability of IGF-I to its target cells. ER  - 
Changes in serum insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) and IGF-binding protein-3 levels during growth hormone treatment in prepubertal short children born small for gestational age; The aims of this study were to describe the basal serum levels of insulin like growth factor I (IGF-I) and IGF-binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) and to evaluate their changes during daily GH treatment (0.1 IU/kg; 33 μg/kg) for up to 2 yr in prepubertal short children born small for gestational age (SGA) and to correlate these changes with the growth response to GH therapy. Seventy-two prepubertal short children (height SD score, 5.4 to -2.0; age, 2.0-12.9 yr) born SGA (54 boys and 18 girls), eight of whom (six boys and two girls) had signs of Silver-Russell syndrome, participated in the study. The serum concentrations of IGF-I and IGFBP-3 were converted into SDS using our reference values for prepubertal healthy children. The mean (± SD) change in height SDS during the year before the start of GH treatment was 0.1 (0.2) and increased to 0.8 (0.4) during the first year (P < 0.001) and to 0.6 (0.3) during the second year of therapy (P < 0.001). Basal levels of both IGF-I and IGFBP-3 were significantly reduced compared with the reference values. The mean (±SD) basal serum concentration of IGF-I was 0.6 (1.1) SD score, and 80% of the SGA children had IGF-I levels below the 50th percentile of the reference group. The corresponding values for IGFBP-3 were -0.4 (1.0) SD score and 63%. The mean IGF-I level increased significantly by 55% from baseline to day 10 of treatment, by 76% on day 90, by 90% after 1 yr, and by 123% after 2 yr of GH treatment. The mean increases in IGFBP-3 were not as great: 25%, 27%, 35%, and 43%, respectively. The 1-yr growth response, expressed as the change in height SD score, correlated negatively with both the basal serum concentration of IGF-I (r = -0.37; P < 0.001) and IGFBP-3 (r = -0.35; P < 001), whereas a positive correlation was found to the 10-day percent increase in IGF-I (r = 0.32; P < 0.05). No correlations were found with the initial changes in IGFBP-3. Using a multiple stepwise linear regression analysis, the model using chronological age at the start of GH therapy, the mother's height expressed as a SD score, and the short term percent increase in IGF-I accounted for 42% of the variance in the 1-yr growth response. With the inclusion of 24-h GH profiles, 59% of the variability of the growth response could be explained. It is concluded that short prepubertal children born SGA show an increased growth rate in response to GH therapy. Their mean IGF-I and IGFBP-3 levels before treatment were low and correlated negatively with the growth response to treatment, indicating GH insufficiency. Finally, up to 59% of the variability in the 1-yr growth response to GH treatment could be explained by models using auxological and biochemical variables. ER  - 
Semilente-insulin at bedtime is superior to NPH-insulin for the suppression of the dawn-phenomenon in adolescents with type-I-diabetes; The dawn-phenomenon causes high fasting glucose values in IDDM patients during puberty. Even a bedtime injection of intermediate-acting insulin does not reliably suppress glucose rises during the morning hours. We therefore examined whether Semilente, an amorphous zinc insulin with kinetics different from NPH insulin, is better suited to alleviate the dawn-phenomenon in adolescent patients with long-standing diabetes. This prospective study included 15 adolescent patients (age 15.5 ± 0.4 years; mean ± SE) well beyond the remission phase of diabetes (mean duration: 7.5 ± 0.8 years). On an inpatient basis, blood glucose profiles following bedtime injections of NPH or semilente insulin were compared, using a sequential cross-over design for intra-patient comparison. Fasting blood glucose was significantly lower following bedtime injections of Semilente (183 ± 21 mg/dL [10.2 ± 1.1 mmol/L]) compared to nights where NPH had been injected (235 ± 22 mg/dL [13.1 ± 1.2 mmol/L]). In addition, the morning postprandial blood glucose was significantly improved. The frequency of nocturnal hypoglycemia was not different, and the dose of Semilente insulin was slightly lower compared to the dose of NPH-insulin injected. For adolescent IDDM patients with suboptimal metabolic control due to a marked dawn-phenomenon, with high fasting glucose concentrations despite a bedtime injection of NPH insulin, bedtime injection of Semilente insulin may result in reduced fasting hyperglycemia on the next morning. ER  - 
Menstrual and reproductive factors related to the risk of breast cancer in Korea. Ovarian hormone effect on breast cancer.; To support the ovarian hormone hypothesis in the etiology of breast cancer, a hospital-based case-control study with community controls was conducted to evaluate the relationship of intervals among menstrual and reproductive events to the risk of breast cancer in Korea. The cases were 190 breast cancer patients, who had been histologically diagnosed at Seoul National University Hospital from Jan. 1, 1993 to Jun. 30, 1994. Included were cancer-free women, who had undertaken the Gynecological examination at the same hospital (n=190). Women recruited for a survey of diabetes prevalence in Yonchon County, adjacent to Seoul City, were taken as a community control group (n=190). Information on menstrual and reproductive factors with other life-styles was collected through a direct interview by the well-trained interviewers. The adjusted odds ratios and the 95% confidence intervals were based on the unconditional logistic regression model. Likelihood ratio test for trend was applied for the ordinal variables. Early age at menarche, late age at natural menopause, late age at first full term pregnancy, and fewer number of full term pregnancies are independently associated with the high risk of breast cancer in Korea. Moreover, the interval between the age at menarche and the age at natural menopause of community controls (29.9+/-6.15 years) was significantly shortened compared to breast cancer cases (34.9+/-4.42 years). Particularly noteworthy was that intervals between the age at menarche and the age at first full term pregnancy of both control groups (9.0+/-3.72 years for hospital controls; 7.2+/-4.04 years for community controls) were significantly shortened compared to breast cancer cases (11.0+/-4.51 years). These findings support the hypothesis that the longer exposure to ovarian hormones during the reproductive years, the higher the risk of breast cancer. ER  - 
Pregnancy in early adolescence: Are there obstetric risks?; The purpose of this study was to determine if early adolescence imparts a significance obstetric risk in young primiparas relative to adult primiparas. The records of 239 young primiparas (<16 years) and 148 older primiparas (18-29) were reviewed for demographic information, antepartum complications, mode of delivery, length of labor, episiotomy, lacerations, birthweight, and length of gestation. The young adolescents were shorter, had an earlier age at menarche, a lower pregravid body mass index, and a higher gestational weight gain. The young teens were less likely to smoke cigarettes but were more likely to be Medicaid recipients. The incidence of most antenatal complications (chronic hypertension, pregnancy-induced hypertension, placental abruption, placenta previa, premature rupture of the membranes, urinary tract infections, and anemia) were similar between the two groups. Preterm labor and contracted pelvis were more common among the young adolescent, while gestational diabetes was less common. The young primiparas were significantly (P <.05) less likely to have a Cesarean delivery and to lacerate with vaginal delivery. The length of labor and its stages were similar, as were overall birthweight and length of gestation. Thus, obstetric concerns regarding pregnancy in early adolescence may be unfounded. With the exception of an increased risk for preterm labor, it appear that pregnancy, labor, and delivery do not pose inordinate of an increased risk for preterm labor, it appears that pregnancy, labor, and delivery do not pose inordinate obstetric and medical risk to the very adolescent primipara. ER  - 
Urinary growth hormone excretion in children and adolescents with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus; Urinary growth hormone (uGH) excretion was evaluated in 96 type-1 insulin-dependent diabetic patients and 37 age-matched healthy subjects. The growth hormone concentration was measured by a solid-phase immunoradiometric assay on 3 consecutive overnight urine collections. uGH excretion was comparable between diabetic patients and healthy subjects: 10.9 (0.1-34.8) vs. 9.1 (2.6-34.5) pg/min. In both groups uGH excretion was lower in prepubertal than in pubescent or pubertal individuals (diabetic patients, H = 29.7, p 0.001; healthy subjects, H = 10.4, p = 0.006). In diabetic patients uGH excretion was related to β2-microglobulin excretion (r = 0.308; p = 0.005) and to urinary albumin excretion (r = 0.230; p = 0.02) but it was independent of HbAlc and overnight glycemic values. The coefficient of variation of uGH excretion was higher in diabetic patients with respect to healthy subjects: 50 (3-141) vs. 28 (3-100)% (p = 0.002). Among diabetic patients it was greater in prepubertal than in pubescent or pubertal patients (H = 13.7; p = 0.002); in contrast, it was independent of pubertal stage in healthy individuals (H = 2.4; NS). The coefficient of variation of uGH was not related to HbAlc, the duration of diabetes, the coefficient of variation of urinary albumin excretion and the coefficient of variation of β2-microglobulin excretion. In conclusion uGH excretion is comparable among diabetic patients and healthy subjects, but its day-to-day fluctuation is greater in the former than in the latter group. Renal function but not metabolic control can influence uGH excretion. The day-to-day fluctuation in uGH excretion is independent of metabolic control and renal function. ER  - 
Measuring contrast sensitivity in aretinopathic patients with Insulin Dependent Diabetes Mellitus; Contrast sensitivity measurements were obtained from 66 patients with Insulin Dependent Diabetes Mellitus (IDDM) and no visible diabetic retinopathy (Group A, n = 30 prepubescent and pubescent subjects; Group B, n = 36 postpubescent subjects). Contrast thresholds were determined for stationary and 6.87 Hz phase-alternating gratings at eight spatial frequencies from 0.18 to 15.7 c/deg. Data from each group of diabetic patients was compared with data from puberty-matched normal subjects. Mean value of the last four determinations of glycohemoglobin Alc (HbAlc) was used as a index of glycemic control. We found that patients with IDDM and no retinopathy had normal contrast sensitivity and that contrast thresholds were not significantly related to sexual maturity, duration of diabetes and glycemic control. ER  - 
Nutrition, hormones, and breast cancer: Is insulin the missing link?; Breast cancer incidence rates are high in societies with a Western lifestyle characterized by low levels of physical activity, and by an energy-dense diet rich in total and saturated fat and refined carbohydrates. Epidemiologic studies, so far mostly on postmenopausal women, have shown that breast cancer risk is increased in hyperandrogenic women, with decreased levels of plasma sex-hormone binding globulin, and with increased levels of testosterone and of free estrogens. This paper describes the role of hyperinsulinemia as a physiologic link between nutritional lifestyle factors, obesity, and the development of a hyperandrogenic endocrine profile, and reviews evidence that may or may not support the theory that chronic hyperinsulinemia is an underlying cause of breast cancer. An hypothesis is presented, stipulating that breast cancer risk is increased not only in hyperandrogenic postmenopausal women, but also in premenopausal women with mild hyperandrogenism and normal (ovulatory) menstrual cycles. The author suggests further investigation as to whether there is a positive association between risk of breast cancer before menopause and subclinical forms of the polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), and to what extent diet and physical activity during childhood, by modulating the degree of insulin resistance during adolescence, may or may not be determinants of aPCO-like hyperandrogenic endocrine profile persisting into adulthood. ER  - 
Growth hormone as a new treatment modality for short children with chronic renal failure; Recombinant human growth hormone (rhGH) has become a new treatment modality for short children with chronic renal failure (CRF) and after renal transplantation. The rationale for high-dose rhGH treatment is the insensitivity of the uremic organism to GH. As the insensitivity to GH is expressed more in end-stage renal failure than in earlier stages of CRF, patients on dialysis respond less to rhGH. In transplanted children, rhGH can counterbalance the growth-depressing effects of corticosteroids. In prepubertal children, rhGH improves the height standard deviation score by a mean of +2 within 5 years. The effect of rhGH treatment on final height remains to be studied. ER  - 
Growth in children undergoing bone marrow transplantation after busulfan and cyclophosphamide conditioning; Purpose: The purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of busulfan and cyclophosphamide (BUCY) as conditioning regimen for bone marrow transplantation (BMT) on growth of children following BMT. Patients and Methods: Growth assessment was prospectively done in all 25 children who underwent BMT following BUCY conditioning from 1989 to 1994 at Children's Hospital of Philadelphia. The height and growth rates were expressed as standard deviation scores (SDS). The height SDS prior to BMT were compared with 1, 2, and 3 years post-BMT. The growth rate SDS 1 year and 2 years post- BMT were also compared. Pubertal children were excluded from the analysis of growth rate. Median age of patients was 7 years (range 1.3 15 years). A total of 22/25 patients were transplanted for AML, and three patients had myelodysplastic syndrome. Equal numbers of patients had autologous and allogeneic transplants. Seven patients received corticosteroids for varying lengths of time. The pre-BMT height SDS (mean ± SD) for the group was -0.4 ± 1.3. The mean height SDS for 19 children at 1 year post-BMT was ±0.1 ± 1.2 and for 10 children, 2 years post-BMT was -0.3 ± 1.6. Seven children who were 3 years post-BMT had the mean height SDS of -0.2 ± 1.5. There was no statistically significant difference between pre-BMT height SDS and 1 year post-BMT (p = 0.49) and 2 years post-BMT (p = 0.42). The mean growth rate at 1 year post-BMT was -0.1 ± 2.7 and at 2 years post-BMT was -0.9 ± 2.3. The difference was not statistically different (p = 0.15). Somatomedin-C (insulin growth factor 1, IGF-1) levels were normal in all 13 children tested at 1 year post-BMT. IGF binding protein (BP)-3 levels were done in 10 children at 1 year and were found to be normal in all. Thyroid function studies were done in all patients pre-BMT and 1 year post-BMT and were normal for all. Bone age assessment was appropriate for age in all 14 patients tested at 1 year post- BMT. Conclusions: There was no evidence of growth failure following BMT with BUCY conditioning in this group of patients. ER  - 
Growth of short children during and after discontinuation of growth hormone therapy; We have attempted to evaluate the relationship between spontaneous growth hormone (GH) secretion and the response to GH therapy as well as the effect of discontinuation of GH therapy on further growth. The 24-h integrated concentration of GH (ICGH) was determined in 150 short children (<2 SD for age) with a GH response to clonidine stimulation of more than 10 mcg/L. The patients were treated with GH for 4 yr and were observed for 1 yr following cessation of GH treatment. Twenty-two out of 52 patients who had an ICGH of less than 3.2 mcg/L (group LICGH) and 28 out of 60 patients who had an ICGH of more than 3.2 mcg/L (group NICGH) were followed without GH therapy. Only patients who remained prepubertal throughout the study were included in the analysis. The growth response of the LICGH to GH was better than that of the NICGH children. Patients regained normal growth velocity 6- 12 months after discontinuation of GH therapy. Three children of the LICGH subsequently developed classic GH deficiency. These studies demonstrate that short-term GH therapy can improve the growth channel. Children with a low ICGH grow better on GH than children with a normal ICGH. Children with a low ICGH need continued observation and retesting when growth velocity is low. ER  - 
Clinical manifestation, diagnosis and treatment of coeliac disease in children; Coeliac disease in infants with its classical trias of diarrhoea. weight loss and abdominal distention contrasts with rather oligosymptomatic manifestations in older children and adolescents. In this age group iron-deficiency anaemia, growth and pubertal retardation should point to coeliac disease. Late introduction of cereals in the diet and longer breast feeding may shift the age respectively diminish the disease severity. A high prevalence of coeliac disease in patients with type 1-diabetes and autoimmune disease is pointed out. In patients with malabsorption from Asia, North Africa and the Arabic Peninsula coeliac disease should be considered. The diagnostic validity of screening by gliadin/endomysial antibodies is emphasized and their changes following diet discussed. In children with a malabsorption syndrome under gluten and a disease manifestation beyond nine months of age only one biopsy with evidence of a flat mucosa is necessary for the diagnosis of coeliac disease as a permanent intolerance to gluten. Rebiopsies are recommended only if transient gluten intolerance is suspected or in patients in whom diet has been started without initial intestinal biopsy. ER  - 
Cardiovascular risk factors in children from the Belgian Province of Luxembourg: The Belgian Luxembourg child study; The Province of Luxembourg is an area in Belgium with a high prevalence of risk factors for cardiovascular disease and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus among adults. In the present study, children in the age groups 6-8, 8-10, and 10-12 years were selected at random from school classes (n = 1,028), with a participation rate of 70.3%. Anthropometric factors, blood pressure, and fasting blood glucose, plasma cholesterol, triglyceride, and insulin levels were measured in 1992. All anthropometric and metabolic variables increased with age, except for waist: hip circumference ratio in boys and cholesterol in girls. In the oldest group, girls who had passed menarche were taller and heavier and had greater skinfold, body mass index, insulin, and systolic blood pressure values but lower total cholesterol levels and waist; hip ratios than girls who had not passed menarche. Boys had lower skinfolds and higher waist: hip ratios than girls in all age groups, and were significantly shorter and lighter in the oldest age group. There was no difference in body mass index between the two sexes. Girls had higher triglyceride and insulin levels in the 10- to 12-year age group, lower blood glucose values in the 8-10 and 10-12 age groups, and lower diastolic blood pressures in the 8-10 age group. Obesity, blood glucose, triglycerides, insulin, and blood pressure were highly interrelated. Cholesterol, triglycerides, insulin, and blood pressure values were all among the highest of values previously reported in other studies. The deciles of body mass index above 50 appeared to be particularly elevated, suggesting that obesity, when present, was pronounced in this population of children. These findings suggest an accumulation of genetic susceptibility to cardiovascular disease and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in this stable, ethnically homogeneous, and rather isolated pad of continental Europe. ER  - 
Seasonal variation in the time to pregnancy: A secondary analysis of three Danish databases; Three Danish databases were reanalysed to investigate seasonal variation in the time to pregnancy. Information was available on cohorts of women selected on the basis of union membership or residence in a given area: textile workers in Denmark (with 1,053 first and 1,771 second pregnancies), pharmacy assistants in Denmark (with 734 first and 725 second pregnancies) and pregnant women in the 36th week of pregnancy in two Danish cities (with 3,657 first and 3,526 second pregnancies). The influence of the season was of primary interest, because it is presumed to cause impaired ovarian function and hence a prolonged time to pregnancy. Furthermore, we studied whether the waiting time was prolonged in other situations with possibility of decreased ovarian function: in young and older women. In general, seasonality in the time to pregnancy based on the time of conception was found with a higher chance of a prolonged waiting time before conceiving in February-April and a lower chance of a prolonged waiting time before conceiving in August-October. This association was not distorted by the age of the women or diabetes mellitus. A prolonged time to pregnancy was found in women of 30 years or older. Women of 20 years or younger did not have a prolonged waiting time, but most of them were well beyond the age of menarche and thus beyond the period of impaired ovarian function. On a population level, there was evidence for seasonality in the time to pregnancy, which is compatible with seasonal variation in pregnancy planning as well as with biological influences. ER  - 
Adult height after cranial irradiation with 24 Gy: Factors and markers of height loss; The decrease in adult height of children who have been given cranial irradiation (24 Gy) for acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is attributed to chemotherapy, growth hormone (GH) deficiency and early puberty. This study evaluates the factors involved in the height loss between irradiation and adult height and its markers in 43 patients irradiated at 5.8 ± 0.4 (SEM) years. The mean height loss was 0.9 ± 0.2 SD in the children with a normal GH peak (n = 11), 1.7 ± 0.2 SD in those with a low GH peak and untreated (n = 15) and 0.6 ± 0.2 SD in those treated with GH (n = 17). The adult height was significantly lower than tar et height in all three groups. The height loss correlated negatively with the GH peak (p < 0.02) and with the age at onset of puberty (p < 0.05) in the first two groups with spontaneous growth, but not with the chemotherapy regimen or its duration, or the plasma insulin-like growth factor I (IGFI) and its GH-dependent binding protein (BP-3). Early puberty (onset at 8-10 years) occurred in 6 girls from the first two groups. At the first evaluation, 5.6 ± 0.4 years after irradiation, the GH peak values after arginine-insulin stimulation correlated with the age at irradiation (p < 0.03), taking into account the time since irradiation. The plasma IGFI and BP-3 values were correlated with each other, but not with the GH peak. In conclusion, this study demonstrates the impact of GH deficiency and GH replacement therapy on adult height in children given cranial irradiation for leukaemia. They therefore should be evaluated for their GH secretion 1-2 years after the end of chemotherapy. GH therapy is indicated for those with low GH peak and decreased growth rate or no increase in growth rate despite puberty. ER  - 
Insulin-like growth factor I, insulin-like growth factor binding proteins, and growth hormone binding protein in Spanish premature and full-term newborns; The normal values of insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I), IGF-binding proteins 1 and 3 (IGFBP-1 and IGFBP-3), and the high-affinity growth hormone binding protein (GHBP) are not well established in large series of healthy fullterm newborns. We report the normative data for IGF-I, IGFBP-1, IGFBP-3, and GHBP in 271 normal Spanish full-term newborns, born between 37 and 42 weeks of gestation, and compare these results with the same parameters studied in 39 premature infants. Furthermore, we report the relationship between results found in the normal full-term newborns and those of 252 healthy prepubertal (Tanner stage I) Spanish children. Serum GHBP, IGF-I, and IGFBP-3 levels are very low in the premature infant and show a significant increase in full-term newborns and during childhood (p < 0.001; analysis of variance). In contrast, the serum IGFBP-1 levels are very high in premature newborns, fall in full-term newborns, and continue to decline during childhood (p < 0.001; analysis of variance). A positive correlation between GHBP, IGF-I, and IGFBP-3 versus gestational age was observed. In contrast, we found a negative correlation between IGFBP-1 and gestational age. There is a direct relationship between the ponderal index and IGF-I and IGFBP-3. When the group of premature newborns was divided into infants born before or after 32 weeks of gestation, we found higher levels of IGF-I and IGFBP-3 (p < 0.01 and p < 0.05, respectively, by Student's t test) in the group with the higher gestational age; however, the IGFBP-1 level was lower in this group (p < 0.001 by Student's t test), with no differences seen in serum GHBP concentrations. The presence of IGFBPs in the premature infant suggests that they are important modulators of IGF-I action during fetal growth and development. ER  - 
Growth parameters and predictors of growth in short children with and without growth hormone (GH) deficiency treated with human GH: A randomized controlled study; Seventy-seven prepubertal short children with heights below the third centile for age and gender were divided into three groups according to their peak GH response to clonidine and insulin provocation. Group (I) included 30 children with peak GH response < 7 μg/l, group (II) included 19 children, with GH peak response between 7 and 10 μg/l, and group (III) included 24 children with GH peak > 10 μg/l. Each group was divided into two subgroups, a and b. Subgroups (I)b, (II)a and (III)b were treated daily for 1 year with subcutaneous recombinant human growth hormone (GH) 15 U/m2/week, and group (I)a was treated with GH (30 U/m2/week). Before initiation of treatment, the chronological age, the height standard deviation score (HtSDS), and the bone age delay did not differ among the study subgroups. The height growth velocity (GV) and insulin-like growth factor-I concentrations were significantly higher in group (III), with normal GH response to provocation, compared to those for group (I) with GH deficiency. All the children had normal thyroid function and normal glucose tolerance. CT examination of the hypothalamic-pituitary area revealed a picture of empty sella (either partial or complete) in 35 per cent of the children in group (I) and 21 per cent of children in group (II). After 1 year of GH therapy, the HtSDS, GV, and IGF-I concentrations increased significantly in the four subgroups treated with GH compared to their pretreatment values and to their controls. All the children in group (I) were responders (increment in GV of 2 cm2/year above the pretreatment GV), of the nine subjects treated in group (II)a, one child was a non-responder and of the 12 children in group (III)a three children were non-responders. GV was non-significantly higher in group (I)a (30 U/m2/week) v. group (I)b (15 U/m2/week). GV of children in groups (I)b, with abnormal GH response to provocation, was significantly higher than GV of children in group (III)a. Bone age advanced by less than 1 year in the treated groups (0.84 ± 0.14 years) v. the untreated groups (0.73 ± 0.3 years). None of the children had impaired glucose tolerance or abnormal thyroid function after 1 year of GH therapy. In all the treated children, GV after 1 year of GH treatment was correlated significantly with the pretreatment GV (r = -0.63, P < 0.01), peak GH response to provocation (r = -0.59, P < 0.01), IGF-I concentration (r = -0.54, P < 0.01), and positively with the GH dose (r = 0.589, P < 0.01). In group (III) children, with normal GH reserve, GV correlated significantly with the pretreatment GV (r = -0.48, P < 0.01) and negatively with the GH peak response to provocation (r = -0.25, P < 0.05). In conclusion, GH therapy improved GV of children growing along or parallel to the 3rd centile, irrespective of their GH response to provocation, without untoward effect on skeletal maturation, thyroid function or glucose tolerance. ER  - 
Growth and endocrine sequelae of craniopharyngioma; The growth and endocrine sequelae of 75 children (33 girls and 42 boys) with craniopharyngioma, treated from 1973 to 1994, were studied by retrospective review and by follow up assessment in 66 survivors, with a mean time from initial surgery of 6.7 years (range 1.5 to 19.8 years). Although infrequently complained of, 71% of patients had symptoms to suggest an endocrinopathy at diagnosis. After surgery, multiple endocrinopathies were almost universal, such that 75% of children had panhypopituitarism at follow up. Hypoadrenal crises in association with intercurrent illness contributed significantly to morbidity and mortality, as did the metabolic consequences of concomitant antidiuretic hormone (ADH) insufficiency and absent thirst. Final height in 25 patients was significantly below genetic target height, particularly in the girls, with loss of height potential occurring during the pubertal years. The endocrine morbidity associated with craniopharyngioma and its treatment remains high but manageable with appropriate hormone replacement. However, the combination of ADH insufficiency and an impaired sense of thirst following aggressive surgery and severe hypothalamic injury remains one of the most complex management problems. ER  - 
Measurement of skeletal specific alkaline phosphatase in disorders of calcium metabolism in childhood; Background. Human alkaline phosphatases catalyze the hydrolysis of phosphate esters at an alkaline pH. Skeletal and liver alkaline phophatase isoenzymes predominate in serum. During childhood 60-90% of total phosphatase are of skeletal origin. The radioimmunometric determination of skeletal alkaline phosphatase in the adult is helpful in the diagnosis of metabolic bone disease. We therefore examined the diagnostic value of skeletal phosphatase determination in childhood by using an immunoradiometric assay. Material: We examined the sera of 155 healthy children and adults aged 0-27 years in addition to 82 sera of patients with one of the following diseases: vitamin-D deficient rickets, X-linked hypophosphatemic rickets (phosphate diabetes), isolated transient hyperphosphatasia, congenital hypophosphatasia, constitutional delay of growth and puberty, pubertas praecox, osteopenia of the premature infant, hepatitis A. Method. The concentration of skeletal phosphatase was determined by a commercially available immunoradiometric assay (Tandem®-P Ostase(TM)). Simultaneously, total alkaline phophatase levels were determined by photometry and bone-specific alkaline phosphatase was determined by wheat germ agglutinine precipitation. Data were expressed as standard deviation of the mean. Results. In the normal control group alkaline phosphatase values were found to be age dependent with elevated levels of skeletal alkaline phosphatase before the age of 14 years decreasing to lower adult values after puberty. In children with vitamin D - deficient rickets, phosphate diabetes, as well as transient hyperphosphatasia and osteopenia of prematurity, skeletal phosphatase values were markedly increased up to 25 standard deviations of the mean. In two patients with elevated total alkaline phosphatase after a hepatitis A infection, wheat-germ alkaline phosphatase was also elevated while skeletal phosphatase was within the normal range. In children with growth retardation significantly lower values were found in comparision to children with growth acceleration. Correlation of skeletal alkaline phosphatase with total alkaline phosphatase and skeletal alkaline phosphatase assayed by wheat germ agglutinine precipitation was highly significant (p < 0,01). Conclusion: Due to the finding of a highly significant correlation between skeletal alkaline phosphatase and total alkaline phosphatase both in healthy children and in children with various disorders of bone metabolism, measurement of total alkaline phosphatase is sufficient in most cases to determine bone turnover. In the differential diagnosis of unexplained total alkaline phosphatase elevation, determination of skeletal alkaline phosphatase may be helpful. ER  - 
Serum insulin-like growth factor II levels in normal adolescents and those with insulin dependent diabetes mellitus; Objective. Unlike IGF-I and its principal binding proteins, data regarding IGF-II levels have not been well defined in normal subjects and those with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM). We have therefore measured IGF-II, as well as IGF-I, and IGFBP-3, levels in a large cohort of subjects with IDDM and in age/sex matched controls. Patients. One hundred and fourteen patients with IDDM (57 males, 57 females) and 89 control subjects (49 males, 40 females). Measurements. Random blood samples were obtained from each subject for the measurement of IGF-II, IGF-I and IGFBP-3 levels. Results. Mean values of IGF-II (±SEM) were 630 (±27.8) μg/l and 646 (±32.3)μg/l in female and male controls, compared to 569 (±23.3)μg/l and 623.3 (±28.1) μg/l in female and male diabetics respectively. IGF-II levels did not differ significantly between the sexes or show any change with transition through puberty in either control or diabetic groups. In contrast, IGF-I levels increased through puberty peaking at stages 3-5 in controls (P<0.001 and G4-5 (P=0.002) in diabetic males but not females. IGF-I levels in all diabetics were generally lower than in controls, differences reaching significance at G4-5 in males (P=0.002) and B5 in females (P=0.002). IGFBP-3 levers did not show any variation with puberty stage in diabetics, in contrast to controls where levels increased, peaking at G4-5 in males (P=0.001) and 63 in females. IGFBP-3 levels were lower in diabetics of both sexes and at all stages compared to controls (P range 0.047 to <0.001). Multiple regression analysis revealed significant correlations between IGF-II and IGFBP-3 (F=20.1, P = <0.001) and reaffirmed previously observed associations for IGF-I and IGFBP-3. The sum of IGF-I and IGF-II (expressed as nmol/l) correlated with IGFBP3; r = 0.47 in controls and 0.60 in diabetics. Conclusions. Insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus is not associated with any significant changes in IGF-II levels during puberty. The binding of IGFBP-3 for both IGF-I and IGF-II is unaltered by insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. ER  - 
Familial factors determine the development of diabetic nephropathy in patients with IDDM; To evaluate familial factors in the development of diabetic nephropathy in insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) we examined concordance for diabetic nephropathy in families with multiple IDDM siblings. Families (n = 110) were identified through Joslin Clinic patients (probands) with a sibling having IDDM. To be eligible, the probands' and siblings' ages at IDDM diagnosis were less than 21 years, and IDDM duration was more than 15 years for probands and more than 10 years for siblings. Mean post-pubertal diabetes duration was 23 years for probands (n = 110) and 21 years for siblings (n = 125). Nephropathy history was determined by medical record review for deceased patients and those with persistent proteinuria or end-stage renal disease to ascertain the date of onset of persistent proteinuria. For patients without documented nephropathy, the albumin/creatinine ratio was measured in multiple urine samples. The cumulative incidence of persistent proteinuria according to post-pubertal duration of IDDM was determined by life-table analysis. For probands and siblings combined, the cumulative incidence of advanced diabetic nephropathy after 30 years of IDDM was 35%, but the risk in siblings varied according to the proband's renal status. The cumulative risk in siblings after 25 years of IDDM (post-puberty) was 71.5% if the proband had persistent proteinuria but only 25.4% if the proband did not (p < 0.001). A difference of nearly 50% in the risk to IDDM siblings, depending upon the IDDM proband's renal status, is consistent with a major gene effect that predisposes an individual with IDDM to develop advanced diabetic nephropathy. ER  - 
Risk factors of osteoporosis: Results of EVOS in germany; As a part of the European Vertebral Osteoporosis Study (EVOS) eight German centres -- Bochum, Heidelberg, Lubeck, Berlin-Steglitz, Berlin-Charit, Potsdam, Jena, Erfurt -- among 36 centres in Europe participate. Throughout Europe 16000 probands have been examined, stratified into sexes, 6 age groups -- in Germany 1951 women and 2109 men. Besides an extensive interview regarding socio demographic data, personal history, gynaecological history, physical activity, diet with calcium intake, smoking, alcohol consumption, family history of fractures and past medical history were documented in addition to height, weight, grip strength, and a x-ray in lateral projection of the thoracic and lumbar spine were taken. The analysis of the x-rays was realized centrally in Berlin by Dr. Felsenberg in a semiautomatic process with different methods (Eastell -- Melton gradues 1 and 2, McCloskey-Kanis). The analysis of risk factors was mainly obtained by logistic regression usually separated by sexes. There are important differences between the three methods of x-ray estimation, which need to be discussed. In our present interpretation significant risk factors of both sexes are: age, history of fractures, history of osteoporosis, decrease of body height and actual physical activity. Additionally, one method reveals the following significant risk factors (only women) in early menopause, late menarche, short duration of fertility, low consumption of hard cheese and yoghurt, low sports in youth, hip fracture of sister. Other factors, hyperthyreosis, diabetes, therapy with insulin or cortison, hair colour, hip fracture of mother, father or brother, physical activity age 15-50, other sports groups, alcohol, smoking, period of fertility, ovarectomy, hysterectomy, ever been pregnant, and other terms had no influence of vertebral deformities. ER  - 
Glucose effectiveness, peripheral and hepatic insulin sensitivity, in obese and lean prepubertal children; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether prepubertal (Tanner I) obese children have diminished peripheral insulin sensitivity (IS) and to determine whether obesity affects the ability of glucose to stimulate its own disposal (glucose effectiveness, GE). DESIGN: Cross-sectional study of two groups. SUBJECTS: Seven obese (BMI > 75% for age, 26.1 ± 2.1 kg/m2, age, 10.9 ± 0.6 y, mean ± SE) and six lean (BMI, 15.7 ± 0.7 kg/m2, age, 10.3 ± 0.7) children. METHODS: IS and GE by 3 h frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test with 13% [6-6] D,glucose in the glucose bolus (250 mg/kg), hepatic glucose production using Steele's non steady state equations and hepatic insulin resistance (HR) multiplying by the mean insulin level. RESULTS: IS was markedly lower (p < 0.01) in the obese group (0.27 ± 0.08 (pmol I)/min) compared to the lean group (2.23 ± 1.0 (pmol/l)min) whereas GE was higher (0.021 ± 0.001 vs 0.015 ± 0.001/min, p < 0.05). HR was increased in the obese (132 ± 28 vs 58 ± 14 mg/kg/min/pmol/l, p < 0.05). Obese children also had increased insulin secretion over the first 19 min (p < 0.01) following glucose although plasma glucose levels were higher (p < 0.01). CONCLUSION: These results show that obese prepubertal children have peripheral and hepatic insulin resistance. The increases in GE and insulin secretion may be compensatory responses to these defects in insulin action. ER  - 
Insulin-like growth factor I, its binding proteins 1 and 3, and growth hormone-binding protein in children and adolescents with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: Clinical implications; Values of IGF-I after extraction, its binding proteins, and the high affinity GH-binding protein (BP) are not well established in pediatric patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM). We report data for IGF-I, IGFBP-1 and -3, and GHBP in 92 Spanish children with IDDM, separated according to pubertal stage: prepubertal (n = 49); pubertal onset (n = 17); mid-puberty (n = 17), and complete puberty (n = 9), as well as to metabolic control (HbA1 <9% or ≥9%). IGF-I levels in IDDM patients increased throughout development (p < 0.001), but were diminished at every developmental stage when compared with matched control subjects. IGF-I concentrations showed a negative correlation with the degree of metabolic control, in particular during the prepubertal stage of development. A negative correlation (r = -0.22; p < 0.005) between IGF-I concentrations and HbA1 was found. Serum IGFBP-1 levels diminish during maturation in diabetic patients (p < 0.001). However, IDDM patients have significantly higher levels of IGFBP-1 than control subjects at every stage of development, and IDDM patients with inadequate metabolic control exhibit even greater differences when compared with matched control subjects A positive correlation (r = 0.22; p < 0.005) between IGFBP-1 concentrations and HbA1 was found. IGFBP-3 serum levels were similar to those observed in normal subjects, and no correlation was observed in relation to the metabolic control. In IDDM patients, GHBP levels change significantly during maturation, as they do in normal control subjects; however, significantly lower GHBP levels were found in prepubertal and pubertal IDDM patients. GHBP levels were independent of metabolic control, although a tendency toward lower levels of GHBP was seen when HbA1 levels increased. We suggest that a partial GH resistance syndrome exists in IDDM patients, and this may be related to the metabolic control. Hence, the biochemical markers measured here may be of value in evaluating the smaller pubertal growth spurt in diabetic patients. ER  - 
Risk factors for diabetes and cardiovascular disease in young Australian aborigines: A 5-year follow-up study; OBJECTIVE - To test the hypothesis that hyperinsulinemia and glucose intolerance are present at an early age in Australian aborigines and can be used to predict the eventual development of NIDDM. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - Baseline anthropometric, pubertal stage, and blood pressure data were collected for 100 Australian aboriginal children and adolescents in 1989. Plasma concentrations of glucose, insulin, C-peptide, triglycerides, and LDL, HDL, and total cholesterol were measured before and during an oral glucose tolerance test. All measurements were repeated in 74 individuals from the original study population in 1994. Results were compared among hyperinsulinemia and normoinsulinemic subjects, and subjects with normal or abnormal glucose tolerance. RESULTS - The percentage of subjects who were overweight increased from 2.7% at baseline to 17.6% 5 years later. At a mean age of 18.5 years, 8.1% of the population had impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), 2.7% had diabetes, and 21.6% had elevated cholesterol concentrations in plasma. Dyslipidemia was particularly prevalent among male subjects in the population; 34.4% had elevated plasma cholesterol and 21.9% had elevated LDL cholesterol values. Of the eight subjects who had diabetes or IGT in 1994, four were classified as hyperinsulinemic in 1989 and four were not. CONCLUSIONS - The major finding of this study is the high prevalence of risk factors for NIDDM and cardiovascular disease in this population of aboriginal children and adolescents. Abnormalities of carbohydrate and lipid metabolism were well established by late in the second decade of life. Although many subjects had high insulin levels and there was evidence of insulin resistance in the population, hyperinsulinemia did not predict the development of abnormal glucose tolerance 5 years later. ER  - 
A prospective, longitudinal study examining the development of retinopathy in children with diabetes; A prospective longitudinal study of 182 children and adolescents with diabetes revealed that during a follow-up of 2.5 ± 0.5 years the prevalence of retinopathy increased from 10.8% to 28.0%, corresponding to an annual increase of 7%. Retinopathy was diagnosed at a mean age of 15.3 years (95% CI, 14.8-15.8 years) after a mean duration of diabetes of 8.9 years (95% CI, 8.0-9.7 years). Prepubertal years of diabetes contributed to the risk of developing retinopathy. The initial signs of retinopathy were microaneurysm(s) in 56%, microaneurysm(s) and haemorrhage(s) in 30%, and haemorrhage(s) in 10%. A combination of microaneurysm, haemorrhage and cotton-wool spot was observed in 2%, and microaneurysms, haemorrhage and an IRMA lesion were seen in 2%. Most of the initial lesions disappeared during the follow-up period, but at the same time new lesions developed elsewhere in the retina in all but 2 cases. In 8 patients (15% of patients with retinopathy) aged 13.7-19.8 years and having had diabetes for 3.7-14.8 years, retinal changes progressed from mild to a more advanced background retinopathy. A higher glycated haemoglobin level during puberty was the only factor which differentiated these patients from control patients matched for sex, age, puberty and duration of diabetes. ER  - 
Bone mineral acquisition during adolescence and early adulthood: A study in 574 healthy females 10-24 years of age; Low bone mass is known to be associated with an increased risk of fractures. Osteoporosis prevention by maximizing bone mass will be crucial and requires a better knowledge of bone mass acquisition during adolescence. Bone mass was assessed in 574 healthy volunteer females aged 10-24 years. Spine bone mineral density (BMD) in anteroposterior (AP L2-4) and lateral (LAT L3) views was measured using dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA) and AP bone mineral content (BMC) was calculated. At the same time, spine AP-BMD (L2-4) was evaluated in 333 normal menstruating women, aged 27-47 years. Bone values, osteocalcin and IGF-1 serum concentrations were correlated with chronological age, skeletal age, pubertal stages and time after menarche. In this cross-sectional study, AP- and LAT-BMD and BMC increased dramatically between skeletal ages 10 and 14 or until the first year after menarche. Between 14 and 17 skeletal years of age, AP-BMD and BMC increased moderately, whereas LAT-BMD remained unchanged. After skeletal age 17, or the fourth year after menarche, there was no significant increase in BMD or BMC, and their values did not differ from those of menstruating women. A serum osteocalcin peak was observed at skeletal ages 11-12 or at stage P3, whereas IGF-1 peaked at 13-14 skeletal years of age or at P4 and the first year after menarche. Eighty-six per cent of the adult bone mass of the spine is acquired before skeletal age 14 or the second year after menarche; therefore osteoporosis prevention programs will be particularly effective before that age. ER  - 
Risk factors for expression and progression of limited joint mobility in insulin-dependent childhood diabetes; We studied the prevalence of limited joint mobility (LJM) in 100 diabetic children and 100 non-diabetic controls. Our objective was to find possible predictors for the expression and progression of LJM and to evaluate the relationship between LJM and other long-term complications of insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. LJM was present in 36% of diabetic patients aged 2-20 years. It was significantly related to duration of disease and longitudinal glycated haemoglobin (HbA(1c)) concentrations, pubertal stage, number of ketoacidosis and skin changes. Fourteen patients had peripheral neuropathy, 16 had microalbuminuria, 8 had nephropathy, and 7 had retinopathy. After matching for duration of disease, HbA(1c) concentrations and pubertal stage, a comparison of the complication rates was made, All long-term complications were significantly associated with LJM. Longer duration of disease and higher mean longitudinal glycated haemoglobin level are independent predictors for expression of LJM. Thus, improvement of metabolic control in diabetic patients before puberty may diminish the expression and progression of LJM. ER  - 
Determinants of progression of microalbuminuria in adolescents with IDDM; OBJECTIVE - To evaluate the significance of microalbuminuria in adolescents with IDDM and to study the relative importance of blood pressure (BP), metabolic control, and albumin excretion rate (AER) on progression of microalbuminuria. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - A cohort of 155/156 children and adolescents followed from onset up to 18.3 years of IDDM participated in a previous follow-up in July 1991 (up to 15 years of duration), 17 patients had developed persistent microalbuminuria (≥20 μg/min). In these adolescents, we analyzed whether microalbuminuria had progressed (in mean ≥5% per year), had remained unchanged, or had normalized (<20 μg/min) after another 3 years. The predictive values of mean HbA(1c), diastolic blood pressure (dBP) systolic blood pressure (sBP), overnight AER, sex, age, and duration of diabetes for the progression of microalbuminuria were determined using multiple regression modeling. RESULTS - Seven of 17 patients with microalbuminuria in July 1991 had normalized 6 of 17 patients had progressed, and 4 of 17 patients had remained unchanged after 3 years. Progressors had higher mean HbA(1c) during the first 5 years of IDDM and higher mean sBP in 1991 than nonprogressors. Patients with normalized microalbuminuria all had AER <30 μg/min in 1991, were younger at onset of microalbuminuria, had lower mean HbA(1c), and had lower dBP before normalized AER than nonregressors at the same duration of the microalbuminuria. In multivariate analysis, independent significant predictors for progression were first 5-year mean HbA(1c), mean AER and mean sBP in 1991 (R2 = 0.76, P = 0.001). CONCLUSIONS - Progression of microalbuminuria in adolescents with IDDM is predicted by early sustained hyperglycemia, later elevated sBP, and increased AER per se. Microalbuminuria is frequently normalized in adolescents, and this is associated with better prevailing metabolic control, younger age, and lower dBP. ER  - 
Racial (black-white) differences in insulin secretion and clearance in adolescents: The Bogalusa heart study; Objective. Earlier we found black-white contrast in insulin levels in adolescents. The purpose of this study is to assess whether this difference is attributable to alterations in insulin secretion and/or clearance. Methods. Fasting circulating insulin and C-peptide concentrations were examined in 1157 adolescents aged 11 to 18 years from a biracial community. Fasting plasma C-peptide, C-peptide to insulin ratio, and glucose to insulin ratio were used as indices of insulin secretion, hepatic insulin clearance, and insulin sensitivity, respectively. Results. After adjusting several covariates (age, sexual maturation, and obesity), black adolescents had higher insulin levels (14.99 vs 12.66 μU/mL in girls). However, they had lower C-peptide levels than their white counterparts, indicating lower insulin secretion by pancreatic beta cells in black adolescents. Moreover, black adolescents had lower levels of C-peptide to insulin ratio than white adolescents (0.14 vs 0.17), suggesting reduced hepatic insulin clearance in black adolescents. In addition, significantly lower levels of glucose to insulin ratio in black girls suggest a reduced insulin sensitivity in this group. Further, differences in insulin levels between white and black girls disappeared after adjusting for differences in C-peptide to insulin ratio. Conclusion. These data suggest that elevated insulin levels observed in black adolescents, especially in black girls, may be attributed to their decreased hepatic insulin clearance, not hypersecretion of insulin. ER  - 
Diminished thyroxine-binding globulin in pubertal diabetic children; OBJECTIVE - To determine the effect of diabetes on thyroid hormone and thyroxine-binding globulin (TBG) concentrations during puberty. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - Total thyroxine (TT4), free thyroxine (FT4), and TBG levels of 171 thyroid microsomal antibody-negative subjects with normal thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH) levels were measured and compared with those of nondiabetic adolescents. A random subset of 68 diabetic patients (40 boys and 28 girls) and 51 control subjects (24 boys and 127 girls) were analyzed for puberty related changes. RESULTS - Most TT4 levels of diabetic subjects (80% of girls and 63% of boys) were below the 50th percentile for the normal range. TT4 increased with age in girls (r = 0.25, P < 0.04) but not in boys. FT4 was within normal limits in both sexes. TBG measurements were below the 50th percentile and 20% were below the 95% CI for both sexes; TT4 correlated with TBG in boys (r = 0.54, P < 0.001) and in girls (r = 0.58, P < 0.001). Duration of diabetes had no effect, whereas TT4 and FT4 levels were higher in girls with the lowest HbA1 levels (r = -0.29, P < 0.01 and -0.45, P < 0.01). Levels of TBG were reduced for all male pubertal stages (P < 0.01) and for early and late female pubertal stages (P < 0.01). There was no direct relationship between glucose control or the duration of diabetes and levels of TBG. CONCLUSIONS - Because TT4 levels are low and correlate with the low levels of TBG, it is important to measure free thyroid hormone and TSH levels in diabetic adolescents to establish euthyroidism. ER  - 
Growth of children with insulin-dependent diabetes. A study of 104 cases; Background: Results of studies of growth in children with diabetes mellitus are still conflicting. In a cross-sectional and longitudinal study, statural growth was analysed in a sample of diabetic children in order to specify its characteristics and relationship with various factors. Population and methods: One hundred and four children (53 girls and 51 boys) with insulin-dependent diabetes for more than 3 years have been studied (age at onset and duration of diabetes, respectively, 6.4 ± 4.1 and 8.5 ± 4.8 in girls; 6.1 ± 3.9 and 7.9 ± 3.9 in boys; m ± SD). A control group included 51 boys (age: 8.9 ± 2.9) and 49 girls (age: 9.3 ± 2.7). Data were collected every three months. Hemoglobin A(1c) was measured using high performance liquid chromatography (normal range: 5.0 ± 1.0%; m ± 2 DS). Results: At diagnosis, height (evaluated in SD) did not differ between diabetic children and controls. Three years before the onset of diabetes, boys were taller compared to controls (1.02 ± 0.20 vs 0.41 ± 0.17; P < 0.05; m ± SEM). Children five years after the onset of disease were overweight compared to controls (girls: 0.9% ± 0.16 vs 0.00 ± 0.20; boys: 0.56 ± 0.16 vs -0.04 ± 0.15; P < 0.01; m ± SEM). Longitudinal study showed a progressive decrease of mean growth velocity starting at least 2 years before the onset of diabetes and proceeding until the end of growth. From diagnosis to the end of height development, there was a growth loss of 0.66 SD in girls (p < 0.01) and 0.69 SD in boys (p < 0.05). This alteration of growth affected more clearly children who became diabetic before the onset of puberty, especially those with early-onset diabetes and had metabolic control. Growth changes for the first 5 years of diabetes were significantly and negatively correlated with mean hemoglobin A(1c) levels (r = -0.57). Growth changes from the onset of diabetes to the end of growth were correlated with age at diagnosis (boys: r = 0.73; girls: r = 0.37). During puberty, girls exhibited a reduced growth spurt, especially when they were overweight and received too low doses of insulin. Conclusion: On the whole, diabetic children were growing in normal range. Growth was adversely and mainly affected by early-onset diabetes, a long duration of disease, many years of poor metabolic control and, especially in adolescent girls, low doses of insulin and weight excess. ER  - 
Serum lipoprotein (a) in type 1 diabetic children and adolescents: Relationships with HbA1c and subclinical complications; In a population of 106 young type I diabetic patients, we evaluated whether a relationship exists between lipoprotein (Lp)(a) or apolipoproteins and the degree of metabolic control (HbA1c, fructosamine) or the subclinical complications. The patients were subdivided according to puberty and to the presence or not of subclinical complications (no complications [n = 32]; retinopathy at fluorescein angiography [n = 28]; neuropathy diagnosed by reduced peroneal motor nerve conduction velocity [n = 30]; nephropathy determined by presence of micro-albuminuria [n = 15]). Lp(a) concentrations were not significantly increased in the whole group of diabetic patients. There was no difference between girls and boys, nor between the prepubertal children and the others. There were no significant correlations between the markers of metabolic control and Lp(a). Nevertheless, if the diabetic patients were divided into two groups according to the levels of HbA1c (< 7.6 or ≥ 6% Hb), Lp(a) tends to be higher in the poorly controlled, but not to any significant degree. On the other hand, significant increases of total cholesterol, triglycerides, low density lipoprotein cholesterol and served in poorly controlled patients. Lp(a) concentrations were significantly lower in patients with subclinical neuropathy or nephropathy than in patients without these complications, but not in patients with retinopathy versus no retinopathy. These results are confirmed by categorical analysis (i.e. Lp(a) ≤ 30 vs > 30 mg/dl). Conclusion. Lp(a) levels are not significantly increased in poorly controlled insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus patients. High levels of Lp)a), in young diabetic patients, are not markers for subclinical complications (retinopathy, neuropathy and nephropathy). On the contrary, low Lp(a) levels were found in subjects with subclinical neuropathy or nephropathy. ER  - 
Physical development in Estonian children with Type 1 diabetes; This cross-sectional study describes the physical development of 62 diabetic patients who comprised one-third of all 10-17-year-old Estonian children with Type 1 diabetes. Diabetic children were shorter than healthy Estonian children with a mean corrected height standard deviation score (SDS) of -0.78 ± 1.37. Diabetic children living in rural areas were significantly shorter than urban diabetic children (p < 0.05). A significant negative correlation was found between the duration of diabetes and the corrected height SDS (p < 0.01; r = -0.36). Current glycated haemoglobin (HbA1) (mean 11.7 ± 2.2%) was inversely correlated to insulin dosage (p = 0.01) and to availability of home blood glucose monitoring (p = 0.03). Stepwise regression analysis showed that duration of diabetes (p = 0.02) and urban or rural abode (p = 0.04), but not age at onset of diabetes, current HbA1 level, availability of home blood glucose monitoring or socio-economic status, influenced significantly corrected height standard deviation score (SDS). Despite having the same body mass index, diabetic children, especially girls, had thicker biceps and triceps skinfolds than controls. Estonian teenage diabetic children were shorter than healthy children and had increased biceps and triceps skinfold thickness without being overweight. Duration of disease was the predominant adverse influence on growth. ER  - 
Androgens regulate circulating levels of insulin-like growth factor (IGF)- I and IGF binding protein-3 during puberty in male baboons; To examine the role of androgens in initiating the pubertal rise in circulating insulin-like factor-I (IGF-I) levels, a longitudinal study of puberty in 13 male hamadryas baboons was conducted over 3 yr. The five control baboons commenced puberty (initial testicular enlargement) at a mean ± SE age of 4.2 ± 0.4 yr. Another eight baboons were castrated prepubertally; of those, four received testosterone pellets (dose equivalent: 12.5-50 mg every 6 weeks) implanted sc from the time of puberty. Body weight, crown-rump length, and limb length measurements, synchronized to pubertal onset, suggest that a pubertal growth spurt occurs in male baboons. Control baboons had a marked rise (4- to 5-fold; P < 0.0001) in circulating IGF-I levels; maximum IGF-I levels (168 ± 9 nmol/L) were reached 42 months after the onset of puberty (mean chronological age 7.5 yr). Castrated baboons had no significant rise in IGF-I levels, however, administration of testosterone resulted in a close approximation of the normal pubertal rise in IGF-I (maximum values 140 ± 8 nmol/L), confirmed by comparison of fitted sigmoid curves (r2 >0.99; chronological age ED50 controls, 4.4 ± 0.1 yr and castrate + testosterone, 4.3 ± 0.1 yr). Serum IGF binding protein-3 levels paralleled the rise in IGF-I consistent with a common regulatory mechanism. In another study, castration of four sexually mature male baboons aged 11.12 ± 1.16 yr had no effect on serum IGF-I levels (P = 0.5). This indicates that androgens are the predominant determinant of circulating IGF-I in the male baboon, and that this is an uniquely pubertal phenomenon. ER  - 
Plasma free insulin-like growth factor I concentrations in growth hormone deficiency in children and adolescents; Serum levels of total insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) correlate with growth hormone (GH) secretory status and are a useful parameter in the diagnostic evaluation of GH deficiency. Serum total IGF-I levels represent the combined quantity of free or unbound IGF-I and IGF-I that is bound to specific IGF binding proteins. Free IGF-I (fIGF-I), which is postulated to be the bioactive fraction, accounts for only a small fraction of the total amount. We have recently developed a new immunoradiometric assay (IRMA) for plasma fIGF-I and have investigated fIGF-I in relation to GH status. The simple, non-extraction assay procedure involves the capture of unbound IGF-I by anti-IGF-I antibody coated to polystyrene beads and detection by a radiolabelled anti-IGF-I antibody directed to a separate epitope. Preliminary studies demonstrated that the fIGF-I IRMA does not measure IGF-I that is complexed to IGF-binding proteins and that the equilibrium between the free and bound fractions is not disturbed during the assay. Free IGF-I levels were compared to total IGF-I levels measured in the same IRMA after acid-ethanol extraction of the samples. Normal levels of fIGF-I from infancy through adulthood were found to have a close correlation with total IGF-I levels, with the lowest levels occurring in infancy and peak levels during puberty. Patients with complete GH deficiency had low levels of both fIGF-I and total IGF-I, with 94% and 100% of the levels below the 5th percentile for age, respectively. On the other hand, approximately 90% of patients with normal IGF binding protein-3 levels among partial GH deficiency and normal short children had free and total IGF-I levels above the 5th percentile for age. These data indicate that the clinical utility of plasma fIGF-I measurements is similar to measurements of total IGF-I in the evaluation of childhood GH deficiency. ER  - 
Effect of puberty on markers of glomerular hypertrophy and hypertension in IDDM; Epidemiological data implicate puberty as a factor in the initiation of diabetic nephropathy. However, the mechanism remains unclear. We hypothesized that puberty would result in an increase in glomerular hypertrophy and hypertension; these two early concomitant events are seen as pivotal to the pathophysiology of diabetic nephropathy. We studied the effect of pubertal duration on three surrogate markers of glomerular hypertrophy/hypertension: kidney volume (KV), microalbuminuria (MA), and Na-Li countertransport (CT). We recruited 177 subjects (87 female and 90 male; aged 6.2-22.1 years) with IDDM of 5 to 10 years' duration (6.8 ±1.6 years) into three groups with different pubertal duration: prepubertal since IDDM diagnosis; prepubertal at diagnosis, now pubertal; or early puberty at diagnosis, now postpubertal. KV was measured by ultrasound and corrected for body surface urea; MA was defined as urinary albumin excretion of 15-200 μg/min in two of three 24-h samples, and Na-Li CT was measured in erythrocytes. As pubertal duration increased, there was a disproportionate increase in mean KV (prepubertal, 247 ± 6 [SE] ml/1.73 m2; pubertal, 282 ± 7/1.73 m2; postpubertal, 295 ± 7/1.73 m2, P = 0.00l), prevalence of nephromegaly (KV > 300 ml/1.73 m2) (14, 31, and 45%, respectively, P = 0.001), and prevalence of MA (0, 9.7, and 20.5%, respectively, P = 0.003). Subjects with KV >300 ml/1.73 m2 were eight times more likely to have MA than those with KV <300 (odds ratio 8.1, 95% confidence interval 2.4-27.4, P = 0.0001). There was no effect of pubertal duration on Na-Li CT. Multiple regression with KV as the dependent variable found an association with pubertal duration, MA, Na-Li CT, and current HbA(1c) (P < 0.000l). Our findings indicate that pubertal duration is an important determinant of both KV and MA and suggest that nephromegaly precedes microalbuminuria. We postulate that these effects are attributable to the influence of the pubertal milieu on glomerular hypertrophy/hypertension. ER  - 
The β3-adrenergic receptor gene Trp64Arg mutation is overrepresented in obese women: Effects on weight, BMI, abdominal fat, blood pressure, and reproductive history in an elderly Australian population; A tryptophan to arginine (Trp64Arg) mutation in the β3-adrenergic receptor (β3-AR) gene has been implicated in diabetes obesity. We investigated the relationship of the β3-AR gene mutation with total body weight, BMI, central abdominal fat, blood pressure (BP), reproductive history in 686 elderly subjects (429 women, 257 men; mean age 69.8 ± 6.9 [± SD] years) from a cross section of a normal population in Australia. About 14% of the test population were heterozygote carriers of the Trp64Arg mutation; however, significant effects on clinical parameters were only observed in women. The frequency of the mutation was significantly increased in obese women compared with lean women (BMI ≤27: 20% compared with BMI <27: 11% P = 0.02). Significantly higher total body weight (67.5 ± 12.9 vs. 64.1 ± 12.2 kg, P = 0.03) BMI (26.3 ± 4.7 vs. 25.1 ± 4.5 kg/m2, P = 0.03) was observed in heterozygote women compared with normal subjects (homozygous for tryptophan). Central abdominal fat was not significantly different, except in women under 70 years, where heterozygotes had 16% higher abdominal fat compared with normal subjects. Female heterozygotes had significantly higher diastolic BP, even after adjustment for age BMI (88.9 ± 11.1 vs. 84.2 ± 10.8 mmHg, P = 0.003) a longer reproductive life, with an earlier menarche (12.8 ± 1.3 vs. 13.4 ± 1.5 years, P = 0.006), a higher gravidity (4.4 ± 2.4 vs. 3.5 ± 2.1, P = 0.01), and higher parity (3.8 ± 2.0 vs. 3.0 ± 1.9, P = 0.005). Clearly, the β3-AR mutation has pleiotrophic effects on a number of physiological systems, including BMI, BP, and reproductive history, perhaps suggesting evolutionary reasons for its maintenance in the population. ER  - 
Mathematical formulae for the prediction of the residual beta cell function during the first two years of disease in children and adolescents with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus; On the basis of a retrospective study of 71 children followed for 24 months after diagnosis of type I insulin dependent diabetes a fitted mathematical model was constructed for the prediction of the course of beta cell function from the time of diagnosis. Two equations were derived, one for the maximal basal (B-max) and the other for the maximal i.v. glucagon stimulated peak C-peptide (P-max) levels reached during there mission period. The prognostic variables selected for analysis were: peak C-peptide levels at diagnosis (Po), age, sex, degree of obesity, pubertal rating, the presence of islet cell antibodies (ICA) and levels of GHb. Multivariate analysis of the data showed that Po (p = 0.0006), puberty (p = 0.041), obesity (p = 0.0021), sex (p = 0.031), ICA (p = 0.0045) and GHb (p = 0.0066) significantly contributed to the prediction formula obtained for B-max whereas the contribution of the above variables for P-max were: Po (p = 0.0019), puberty (p = 0.0187), obesity (p = 0.0058), sex (p = 0.0598), ICA (p = 0.0187) and GHb (p = 0.0027). The residuals of the observed values from the values fitted by the predicted equations served to define two separate groups demonstrating distinct differences in the natural course of beta cell function in type I diabetes. This fitted model may thus be useful in distinguishing between newly diagnosed young patients who will undergo remission, requiring lower insulin doses, and those who have little chance for remission. It might also be helpful in the selection of patients most likely to benefit from immunosuppression or modulation, to maximize the benefit to risk ratio for such patients. ER  - 
Clinical and analytical aspects of insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus during childhood. Our experience in the decade 1983-1992; A retrospective study analyzing the epidemiological, clinical and analytical aspects of a population of insulin-dependent diabetic children was carried out. Seventy-four patients, 42 males and 32 females, diagnosed between the years 1983 and 1992 were included in the study. The time of evolution of the disease oscillated between 1 to 11 years. The most important findings have been: 1) More patients have been diagnosed during the months of April-September than during October-March, 49 versus 25, respectively (p < 0.01). 2) The mean age at diagnosis was 9.25 ± 3.80 years (1.07, 14.80); the majority of the diagnoses were made during puberty. 3) Most of the patients (56.75%) were diagnosed at the hospital and 61.81% were diagnosed of diabetic ketoacidosis. 4) More cases are diagnosed in primary health care (36.59% vs 57.57%, p < 0.01) and less in diabetic ketoacidosis (68.29% vs 51.51%, p < 0.01) in the period 1983 to 1987 than during 1988 and 1992. 5) The most frequent cause of readmission was ketoacidosis (18 episodes in 11 children, 14.8%). 6) As an associated disease, autoimmune thyroiditis was detected in 22% of the patients. 7) Before 8 years of evolution of the disease, none of the patients had late vascular complications. After this period of time (in 27 patients), we have found one patient with proliferative retinopathy and three others with incipient retinopathy. From these results we can infer that there are still a high number of insulin-dependent diabetic pediatric patients who are diagnosed in diabetic ketoacidosis and at the hospital. Therefore, we should make an effort to detect this disease in the primary health care practice in order to diagnose the disease earlier and prevent a debut with diabetic ketoacidosis. Although the incidence of vascular complications at 11 years of evolution is low, it is necessary to improve the metabolic control of these patients in order to delay or prevent them from occurring. ER  - 
Influence of body weight in pregnancy and the perinatal results; Between 1988-1922, data of the nutritional status of pregnant women seen in the Santiago Metropolitan Health Service were analyzed. Underweight (22.2%), normal weight (47.2%), overweight (19.7%) and Obese (15.4%). Four thousand five hundred fifty five pregnant women were studied. Underweight 1136, normal weight 1219, overweight 1100 and obese 1100. Underweight was significantly more frequent in the patients less than 20 years old while overweight and obese was significantly more frequent in the patients over 30 years old. Hypertension (2.6%) was the only significant morbidity factor in the obese group. The overweight and obese groups had earlier menarche, while the obese group had shorter periods. The obese group were associated most frequently with higher parity (75.1%), stillbirth (4.6%), spontaneous abortion (19.5%), induced abortion (3.1%) and high obstetric risk (33.2%). In the normogram used, the underweight patients are abnormally represented at the start of pregnancy. The obese group gained less weight proportionally during pregnancy (overweight and obese 42.8%, underweight and normal 34.7%). The obese group presented more frequently with hypertension (20.4%) and diabetes (0.7%), while the obstetric complications occurred more frequently in the underweight (6.3%). The underwent group had more anemia (45.4%) and premature labor (12.3%). Cesarean section was performed more frequently in the obese group (33.1% versus 21.3% of all the other groups combined. The neonatal birthweight was in direct proportion to the maternal weight, measured by various methods. It is worth noting the importance of microelements in the milk ingestion of the pregnant patients and the influence on their weight. ER  - 
Growth charts, growth velocity and bone development in childhood obesity; OBJECTIVE: To compare the growth charts of obese subjects (4-18 years) with the Tanner's growth curves and to analyze the growth velocities and bone age of obese children in prepuberty and adolescence. Moreover to compare the relationship between the serum insulinemic and glycemic levels and height standard deviation score (HSDS). DESIGN: Growth charts: this study included 1250 obese subjects (669 males, 581 females) observed between 1981 and 1993 and divided into seven age categories (4-6, 7-8, 9-10, 11-12, 13-14, 15-16, 17-18 years). Growth velocities: yearly growth velocities of 579 obese subjects (325 males, 254 females) were compared to growth velocities of 473 controlled children of the same sex, chronological age and pubertal stage. Bone age (BA) of 846 obese subjects (470 males, 376 females) was estimated. Blood analysis: insulin secretion of 70 obese children was considered and compared to 70 lean controls of equal chronological age and sex. MEASUREMENTS: Growth rate, standardized height and other physical characteristics of the children were measured by trained examiners. All subjects were evaluated singularly for at least 4 years with a follow-up every 6 months. BA was estimated by radiograph of the left hand and wrist using the Tanner-Whitehouse II system by a single observer. For the insulin secretion study and glycemic levels oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) was performed using a glucose load of 1.75 g/kg per body weight. Plasma insulin was assessed by a double antibody radioimmunoassay. RESULTS: In adipose children the growth charts, referred to 97th centile, 50th centile and 3rd centile, were superior to those of the normal population up to the age of 13 and 12.5 years for male and for female respectively; growth decreases at the above age in both sexes. The obese subjects were equal in height to the non obese subjects as they reached their 18th birthday. The growth velocity (cm/yr) of the obese child, in the age range considered here, does not show differences when compared with the lean child in the prepubertal status (P not significant) but decreases during Tanner's stage II, III IV in boys and girls (P < 0.0001). BA is more advanced over chronological age (Δ BA-CA) in both sexes. The increase of BA over CA does not show a remarkable difference during pubertal maturation in boys (P not significant); whereas in girls the Δ BA-CA decreases with advancing sexual maturation (P < 0.0001). Our obese subjects have significantly higher plasma insulinemic levels compared with the lean controls (P < 0.0001). Moreover there is a positive correlation between plasma insulinemic levels and HSDS (r = 0.881, P < 0.0001). We did not observe a correlation between serum glycemic levels and HSDS. CONCLUSION: Our data demonstrate that the growth increase in an obese child starts in the first years of life. The statural advantage acquired in the first years of life would be exploited and maintained up to the beginning of puberty and with a growth velocity equal to that of the lean subject. Skeletal maturation is strongly increased in both sexes. Bone age remained advanced during the entire period of pubertal development. During puberty obese subjects demonstrate a less notable growth spurt when compared with lean subjects. The growth advantage gradually decreases and final adult height of obese and normal subjects is equal. ER  - 
Nutritional intake and anthropometric data of type I diabetic children and adolescents in Argentina; At present there is limited information available on diabetes therapy in developing countries. The aim of this study was to obtain data on nutritional intake and anthropometric data of Type I diabetic children and adolescents in Argentina. Fifty diabetic patients (20 male, 30 female; 5-17 years old), from 4 different regions in Argentina were matched individually with a non-diabetic control of the same sex, age and socio-economic standard. Nutritional intake was assessed by administering a 24-hr recall and a detailed food-frequency questionnaire. Subjects' weight and height were also recorded. The Argentinian diabetic children and adolescents ingested significantly less energy (2264 ± 815 kcal vs 2780 ± 1072 kcal, p < 0.01) and carbohydrate (46.3% vs 50.8%; p < 0.05), but more protein (19.4% vs 15.8%; p < 0.001) than their non-diabetic controls. The control subjects achieved higher carbohydrate intakes by consuming considerably more sweets, desserts, soft drinks and juices while the relatively lower proportion of carbohydrate in the diet of the children and adolescents with diabetes was predominantly supplied by cereals, vegetables and fruits. The diabetic subjects were significantly smaller in stature when compared with their matched non-diabetic controls who displayed a height-for-age distribution curve similar to that of the National Centre of Health Statistics reference population. Argentinian non-diabetic controls conformed to the international dietary recommendations for the proportion of macronutrient intake more closely than the diabetic children and adolescents. However, the Argentinian diabetics came closer to the recent nutritional recommendations than diabetic subjects in most industrialized nations. Longitudinal studies measuring height velocity are needed to clarify the role of the nutritional, metabolic and pubertal factors which may have contributed to the observed deviation in the growth pattern of youngsters with diabetes mellitus. ER  - 
Precursors of atherosclerosis in a random sample from a Hellenic population: the Athens Study; Background: Atheromatosis, the principal lesion in atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease, is associated with increased levels of blood pressure, serum cholesterol, cigarette smoking and other variables. As these lesions are thought to appear first in childhood, this study was designed to assess the levels of these atherosclerotic precursors in children living in Athens, Greece. Methods: The following parameters were measured in a random sample of 4117 school children aged 6-18 years, living in the centre of Athens: body mass index, blood pressure, serum lipids, glucose, uric acid, calcium, phosphorus, creatinine, and haematocrit. Results: Mean levels of blood pressure, total cholesterol, cigarette smoking and body mass index increased with age in both sexes, levels being similar to those of children in developed countries. Smoking started at elementary school, and by puberty had reached adult levels. High levels of systolic blood pressure (≥ 130 mmHg) and total cholesterol (≥ 5.68 mmol/l) were seen in 22% and 13% of children respectively. Triglyceride and glucose levels did not increase with age; high-density lipoprotein cholesterol decreased and uric acid increased from 14 to 18 years, but only in boys. Levels of body mass index, total cholesterol, triglycerides, high-density lipoprotein and uric acid above the mean population values were found in 25% of children, and glucose levels above the mean in 50%. Multiple linear regression analysis showed a positive correlation between systolic blood pressure and age, body mass index, uric acid, sex, glucose, triglycerides and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (in that order), and between diastolic blood pressure and age, body mass index and triglycerides. Conclusions: These findings indicate that the levels and prevalence of precursors of atherosclerosis are higher than expected in a southern European population, and are similar to those found in developed countries. This would indicate a need for greater awareness among the Greek population of preventive measures against developing cardiovascular disease. ER  - 
Increased urinary N-acetyl-β-glucosaminidase (NAG) excretion in young insulin-dependent diabetic patients; We evaluated urinary N-acetyl-β-glucosaminidase (NAG) excretion in overnight and in second morning urine in 50 young diabetic patients, aged 7.4-25 years with a disease duration from 2-19.6 years. In all patients we evaluated urinary NAG and creatinine excretion, in both overnight and second morning urine, glycosuria, fasting blood glucose and HbA(1c) levels, insulin requirement, blood pressure, and the presence of microangiopathic complications. Urinary NAG excretion was also evaluated in 69 age- and sex-matched controls. NAG was determined using 3-cresolsulfonphtaleinyl-β-N-acetylglucosaminide as substrate (Boehringer Mannheim, Germany). In the diabetic patients NAG/Cre ratios were significantly higher than in controls both in overnight and second morning urine (P < 0.0005) respectively). We observed significantly higher NAG/Cre ratio levels in the second morning than in overnight urine, both in controls and in diabetics (P < 0.0005, respectively). Elevated (above 2 S.D. of the mean) NAG/Cre ratios were found in 17/50 patients (34%) in overnight urine and in 29/50 (58%) in second morning urine. No correlation was observed between NAG/Cre ratio levels and age, duration of disease, pubertal stage, body mass index, fasting blood glucose, glycosuria, insulin requirement and blood pressure. The patients with one or more complications did show NAG/Cre ratio levels significantly higher than those without complications (P < 0.005) in second morning urine, but not in overnight urine. Our study has demonstrated an increased rate of urinary NAG excretion in young IDDM patients, in particular in those with microangiopathic complications. ER  - 
Insulin doses in children using conventional therapy for insulin dependent diabetes; The objective of this project was to develop plots of daily insulin dosages by percentile in diabetic children and to analyze various factors, such as metabolic control, age, and duration of diabetes that might influence the insulin prescription. Patients in extremely poor metabolic control (HbA(1c) > 9.8%) and patients with less than 1 year of diabetes were excluded from analysis. Patients were aged 2-21 years and the mean age at diagnosis was 8 years. Thirty-two percent of the patients were younger than 5 years and 15% were older than 15 years at diagnosis. Ninety-nine percent of patients used both regular and intermediate-acting (NPH or Lente) insulin 10-30 min before breakfast and again in the evening. Ten percent of the patients used only regular insulin at supper but used intermediate-acting insulin at bedtime. Insulin doses varied between 0.3 and 1.2 U/kg/day in prepubertal children (mean, 0.8 U/kg/day) and 0.5 and 1.8 U/kg body weight/day in pubertal children (mean, 1.25 U/kg/day). Average insulin doses in boys and girls were similar, except at ages 10-13, when the dose was significantly higher in girls. The insulin dose declined after age 17 in both genders to a value at age 21 that was 20-30% lower than the highest dose during pubertal years. Insulin dose did not correlate with duration of disease after 2 years, the ratio of morning to evening insulin, the ratio of regular to intermediate-acting insulin, or body mass. There was a slight association between higher insulin doses and higher glycosylated hemoglobin values. The results indicate that insulin requirements vary over a wide range in a group of children with metabolic control ranging from 'excellent' to 'fair' and correlate primarily with age and pubertal development. About 25% of prepubertal children and 50% of pubertal and post-pubertal children use more than 1 U insulin/kg/day - a dose commonly believed to be an 'upper limit' by many health professionals. The data should provide guidelines for the range of insulin dosing required to achieve fairly good to excellent control in diabetic children of various ages. ER  - 
Diet, obesity, and metabolic control in girls with insulin dependent diabetes mellitus; Objective - To investigate whether girls with insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) were more overweight than nondiabetic girls, and how diet, insulin treatment, metabolic control, age, and pubertal status were related to body weight and fat content. Design - Case-control study. Subjects and methods - 48 IDDM girls aged 10-19 years and controls matched for age and social class participated in the Methods study. Overweight was assessed by body mass index (BMI), relative weight, and body fat from skinfold thicknesses. Food consumption data were collected by a 48 hour recall method. Results - The girls with IDDM were more overweight than control girls according to all measures of obesity (for example, mean BMI 20.3 v 18.9 kg/m2). The daily insulin dose/body weight correlated positively with BMI and per cent body fat. Conclusions - Girls with IDDM are more overweight than their peers, which indicates that a more effective prevention of obesity is needed in the treatment of diabetes. ER  - 
Menstrual characteristics of women suffering from insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus; Objective: To assess the frequency of menarche and menstrual disturbances among women suffering from insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, and to evaluate their correlation to the onset of diabetes, its duration, and complications. Research Design and Methods: Retrospective analysis of the menstrual regularity and gynecologic and fertility history of 100 women suffering from insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. These data were compared with information obtained from the patients' medical records regarding the age at onset of diabetes, its management, control, and complications. Results: The average age at menarche was 13.5 years. Delayed menarche tended to appear in girls whose diabetes was diagnosed before the age of menarche, and before the age of 10 years. Menstrual disturbances, such as oligomenorrhea, amenorrhea, and polymenorrhea, occurred in 32% of the women. A significant correlation was found between late menarche and menstrual disturbances. Furthermore, patients with diabetic complications had a higher incidence of menstrual disorders compared with uncomplicated diabetic patients. Conclusions: It appears that women with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus who had been diagnosed prior to menarche had a higher probability of delayed menarche, and were at higher risk for development of menstrual disturbances, including amenorrhea with subsequent fertility disorders. ER  - 
Differences in linear growth and cortisol production between liver and renal transplant recipients on similar immunosuppression; Linear growth is more often impaired after liver than after renal transplantation (Tx) in childhood. As similar triple immunosuppression was used in our liver and renal transplant recipients, we were able to compare growth and endocrine function between 19 prepubertal liver and 35 renal transplant recipients. There were no significant differences in median age, weight-for-height index, or height standard deviation score at Tx. Seventy- eight percent of the liver Tx patients, but only 7% of the renal Tx patients, were below the normal range for height 3 years after Tx. Graft function was good in both liver and renal transplant recipients 3 years after Tx. There was no significant difference in growth hormone secretion, serum insulin- like growth factor (IGF)-I, and IGF-binding protein-3 levels, or in methylprednisolone and cyclosporine doses. However, the blood cyclosporine levels were significantly higher in the liver transplant recipients (P=0.001 1 year and P=0.005 2 years after Tx). Cortisol production was significantly lower in the liver transplant recipients (P=0.002 1 year and P=0.049 2 years after Tx), which suggests greater steroid-mediated suppression of adrenal function. Growth inhibition is more often observed in liver than in renal transplant recipients on similar triple immunosuppression, and may not be related to deficient function of the growth hormone-IGF-I axis. Similar cyclosporine doses result in higher plasma levels of the drug and similar methylprednisolone doses result in more inhibited adrenal cortisol production in liver transplant recipients. In children with organ transplants, cyclosporine and methylprednisolone should be administered on an individual basis. ER  - 
Longitudinal data on growth and final height in diabetic children; The available data on growth in children with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus are conflicting and are mainly derived from cross-sectional studies. In this longitudinal study, height, weight, skeletal age, and pubertal development were recorded until final height was attained in 46 children (22 girls and 24 boys) with onset of diabetes before the age of 10 y. At the onset of diabetes, height SD score (SDS) averaged 0.41 in girls and 0.56 in boys, which was normal when corrected for the secular trend. Prepubertal growth was unaffected in both sexes. Diabetic boys had a marked delay in onset of puberty (mean age at genitalia stage 2:13.7 y) but attained a normal final height (final height SDS: 0.48 ± 0.89). In girls final height was slightly reduced (height SDS 0.27 ± 0.97) due to a suboptimal pubertal growth spurt. Mean pubertal height gain in girls was 16.6 cm and mean age at breast stage 2 was 11.6 y. Diabetic girls also tended to become obese during puberty. Skeletal maturation was normal at all ages. These data suggest that conventional therapy does not guarantee optimal growth, especially in girls. ER  - 
Prevalence and correlates of obesity in insulin dependent diabetic patients; The prevalence of obesity, according to sex and pubertal stage, and the correlations between obesity and metabolic data were investigated in 286 diabetic patients (164 boys, 122 girls) with mean (SD) age 15.3 (3.2) years and mean (SD) duration of diabetes 7.5 (4.1) years. Prevalence of obesity according to the body mass index (BMI) criteria was 6.3%. Girls were more often obese than boys but the prevalence approached statistical significance only for the BMI criteria, at 9.8% v 3.7% (χ2=3.5; p=0.06); obesity was independent of pubertal stage. Distribution of BMI values of diabetic girls was skewed towards the high centiles of the INSERM tables: <25th centile, 8.6%; 25th-50th centile, 17.3%; 50th-75th centile, 25.9%; >75th centile, 48.2% (χ2=19.17, p<0.0005). BMI values of diabetic boys were homogeneously distributed. Age, duration of diabetes, insulin requirement, daily number of insulin injections, and metabolic control (HbA1c) were comparable in obese and non-obese diabetic patients. Moreover metabolic control and insulin requirements were comparable between diabetic patients with BMI above and below the 50th centile of the INSERM tables after matching for sex. In conclusion the prevalence of obesity in diabetic children and adolescents is quite similar to the prevalence reported in their nondiabetic peers. Obesity and BMI excess correlate with female gender but are independent of insulin requirement and metabolic control. ER  - 
The wide variation in urinary excretion of human growth hormone in normal growing and growth hormone-deficient children limits its clinical usefulness; We measured urinary growth hormone (U-GH) excretion to estimate the spontaneous growth hormone (GH) production in normal children according to age, sex, height, body mass index, serum insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1), and pubertal status. To assess the clinical usefulness of this parameter, U-GH excretion measurements were obtained in children with GH deficiency (GHD). One hundred and forty-nine prepubertal and 105 pubertal (Tanner stage 2-5) normal children, aged 3-17 years, were studied. They had heights and weights within 2 SD of age-corresponding normal measures. Two consecutive 24-hour urine collections were performed for all of them. Blood sampling for IGF-1 measurement was performed for 54 consented normal subjects. Forty-one children aged 1.8-13.8 years with classical GHD with at least two subnormal GH responses to provocative test were also evaluated. Nocturnal serum GH profile was also performed in 26 of them. GHD children were investigated for U-GH excretion just before human GH therapy. U-GH was measured by a two-step immunoradiometric method that we have developed using two monoclonal antibodies. Despite a wide intra- and interindividual variation, no difference was found related to age or sex in prepubertal normal children. U-GH excretion values were significantly dependent on the pubertal stage with 3.4-fold increased values compared to prepubertal stage in both sexes. In normal children, the U-GH excretion was related to serum IGF-1 values, but no relation was found with the height or the body mass index expressed as standard deviation score. U-GH excretion values were significantly lower in GHD children compared to those with normal stature (p < 0.0001) with an overlap between the two groups. No relation was found between the physiological GH concentration by serum measurement and urinary excretion in children diagnosed as GHD by the pharmacological GH test. In conclusion, U-GH excretion determination offers an evaluation of the endogenous growth hormone secretion. Unfortunately, the wide variation of U-GH excretion makes this measurement unreliable for individual assessment of GH secretion. Therefore, it is not a real alternative to GH stimulation testing. ER  - 
Evidence for partial growth hormone insensitivity among patients with idiopathic short stature; Objective: To determine whether some patients with idiopathic short stature have partial resistance to growth hormone (GH). Patients with idiopathic short stature hove decreased serum levels of the GH receptor- related GH-binding protein (GHBP), and low GHBP levels ore associated with complete GH insensitivity (Laron) syndrome. We hypothesized that patients with idiopathic short stature and low GHBP levels may also hove a degree of GH insensitivity. Design: Retrospective analysis of patients in a multicenter study. Setting: Ninety-six National Cooperative Growth Study centers in the United States and Canada. Subjects: Five hundred eleven patients with idiopathic short stature who were treated with GH. All patients had a baseline height standard deviation score of less than -2 and a maximum stimulated GH level greater than 10 μg/L. Of these, 101 (20%) hod a baseline GHBP standard deviation score of -2 or less. Results: The patients with low GHBP levels, in comparison with those with normal GHBP levels, had a lower mean extracted standard deviation score for insulin-like growth factor I (- 3.3 ± 1.1 vs -2.5 ± 1.4; p <0.0001) but higher mean 12-hour GH values (2.8 ± 1.1 vs 2.3 ± 1.1 μg/L; p <0.0001). The differences between groups were statistically significant after control tar age and weight-for-height standard deviation score. Among prepubertal patients, there woe no significant difference between the low and normal GHBP groups in mean pretreatment or first-year growth rate (p = 0.74, 0.61 respectively) with comparable doses of GH. Conclusions: Patients with idiopathic shod stature and low GHBP levels, compared with those with normal GHBP levels, had significantly lower standardized levels of insulin-like growth factor I, and higher mean 12-hour GH levels, which suggest partial GH insensitivity. There was no significant correlation of GHBP levels with the growth response to exogenous GH. ER  - 
Testosterone treatment in adolescent boys with constitutional delay of growth and development; Administration of androgens to adolescent boys with constitutional delay in growth has been highly controversial. One hundred forty-eight adolescent boys with constitutional delay of growth and puberty with a mean age of 14.3 ± 0.7 years were treated with testosterone enanthate 100 mg intramuscularly each month for 6 months. Growth parameters, sexual maturation, and circulating concentrations of testosterone and insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) were compared with those for 50 age-matched adolescent boys with constitutional delay of growth and puberty with a mean age of 14.1 ± 0.9 years who did not receive any treatment. The mean height growth velocity, height standard deviation score, weight gain, and IGF-I concentration were significantly greater in the treatment group after 1 year of follow-up evaluation. The advancement in bone age equaled that in chronologic age in the treatment group, with no significant change in the bone age to chronologic age ratio (BA/CA) before versus after therapy. All subjects in the treatment group had clearly entered puberty by the end of 1 year. Testicular size increased significantly in the treatment group and they had significantly higher serum testosterone concentrations 6 months after the end of testosterone therapy as compared with the control group, denoting activation of the hypothalamic-pituitary testicular axis. All subjects in the treatment group were psychologically satisfied with the enhanced growth and increased muscle mass, versus only 40% of those in the control group. In conclusion, our regimen appears to be efficacious and safe for treatment of boys with constitutional delay of growth and puberty and has no deleterious effect on skeletal age. ER  - 
Serum insulin-like growth factor (IGF) binding protein-3 and IGF-I levels during childhood and adolescence. A cross-sectional study; To investigate the effect of pubertal development on serum levels of IGF binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) and IGF-I, and the relationship between IGFBP-3 levels and height, weight, weight for height and age (WFHA), and IGF-I levels, a cross sectional study was performed in a Spanish basic education school in Vigo (NW Spain). The study was made up of 181 girls with a mean chronologic age of 11.03 ± 0.22 y and 173 boys with a mean chronologic age of 10.9 ± 0.23 y. The pubertal development was graded into three groups according to estradiol and testosterone concentrations for girls and boys, respectively. All subjects were in good health and among the 5th and 95th percentile for height. Serum IGFBP-3 and plasma IGF-I concentration was determined by RIA. Pubertal development was significantly associated with IGFBP-3 and IGF-I concentrations in girls and boys, respectively (p < 0.0001, analysis of variance). Multivariate regression analyses between IGF-I or IGFBP-3 with age, sex, and estradiol or testosterone show significative correlation in prepubertal children for IGF-I (r = 0.545, p = 0.0001 and r = 0.574, p = 0.0001 for girls and boys, respectively) and only in prepubertal boys for IGFBP-3 (r = 0.336, p = 0.0012). The linear correlation between IGF- I and IGFBP-3 was significant in both prepubertal(r = 0.25, p < 0.0001) and pubertal (r = 0.40, p < 0.0001) girls, but only in prepubertal boys (r = 0.30, p < 0.0001). Stepwise regression analysis between SD score (SDS)- IGFBP-3 or SDS-IGF-I as independent variables and height SDS, weigh-SDS, WFHA, and age as dependent variables, show that IGFBP-3 or IGF-I are significantly correlated to WFHA only in prepubertal children. Present data suggest that interpretation of IGFBP-3 concentrations during adolescence requires knowledge of gonadal steroid levels, and the determination of IGFBP- 3 level is a useful parameter for clinical proposes mainly in prepubertal children. ER  - 
Erythrocyte insulin-like growth factor-I receptor evaluation in normal subjects, acromegalics, and growth hormone-deficient and insulin-dependent diabetic children; Insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) receptors are characterized in several animal and human tissues. IGF-I receptor studies performed in erythrocytes to assess IGF-I receptor status at target-cell tissues are potentially useful for clinical studies, since tissue biopsies or cultures are not required. However, validation of results is challenged by some investigators on the basis of discrepancies described in comparative studies with other cell types, probably related to populations of different cell ages affecting binding to red blood cells (RBCs). By correcting cell age for creatine, we studied IGF-I receptor status in 24 normal subjects (11 adults and 13 children, eight prepubertal and five pubertal) and 33 patients with pathologic conditions (five adult acromegalics, six children with pituitary dwarfism, and 22 type I diabetic children, 15 prepubertal and seven pubertal). Acromegalic patients with higher plasma IGF-I and insulin levels presented lower IGF-I specific binding ([B(o)] mean ± SEM, 6.1% ± 0.8%) and affinity ([ED50] 28.5 ± 2.2 ng/mL) than normal adults (B(o), 10.9% ± 0.7%; ED50, 16.4 ± 0.9 ng/mL; P < .001), and growth hormone (GH)-deficient children showed higher IGF-I binding (24.6% ± 1.7%, P < .001) without significant affinity alterations than normal prepubertal children (B(o), 14.7% ± 1.0%). Both prepubertal and pubertal type I diabetic children with higher GH levels presented decreased IGF-I binding (11.4% ± 0.9% for prepubertal, P < .05; 10.0% ± 1.1% for pubertal, P < .05) to RBC receptors in comparison to the respective control group (14.7% ± 10% and 14.9% ± 1.3%, prepubertal and pubertal, respectively). Whereas in pubertal diabetics mean IGF-I basal levels were significantly reduced as compared with the respective controls, no difference was observed in mean IGF-I basal levels in normal and diabetic prepubertal children. ER  - 
Role of busulfan and total body irradiation on growth of prepubertal children receiving bone marrow transplantation and results of treatment with recombinant human growth hormone; Seventy-six prepubertal children receiving autologous or allogeneic bone marrow transplantation (BMT) were enrolled in a prospective study on the impact of different pretransplant preparative regimens on growth. Patients were divided into three groups: group I, consisting of 37 children who had received total body irradiation (TBI) and cytotoxic drugs as preparative regimen; group II, including 17 children receiving prophylactic cranial irradiation before being conditioned with TBI and cytotoxic drugs; and group III, composed of 22 patients transplanted after a busulfan (BU)-containing myeloablative therapy. All patients have a minimum follow-up of 2 years, whereas 48 and 34 patients have been studied until 3 and 4 years after transplant, respectively. Height and growth rate were expressed as standard deviation score (SDS). Growth hormone (GH) secretion in response to pharmacologic stimuli was evaluated after documented growth failure. Patients with GH deficiency were treated with recombinant human GH, and response to therapy was evaluated. The main impairment of growth rate in patients belonging to group II was observed in the first year after TBI (growth rate SDS changing from -0.12 ± 0.23 to -1.23 ± 0.25, P < .005), with only a slight loss in the following years, whereas in group I children growth failure occurred in the third year after TBI (-1.36 ± 0.28 SDS in comparison to a pre-BMT SDS of 0.10 ± 0.15, P < .005). Therefore, growth velocity between these two groups differed significantly in the first 2 years (P < .01) but subsequently equalized. On the contrary, all BU-treated children but 2 grew normally. GH deficiency was shown in the vast majority of children with growth impairment. Twenty-three children treated with recombinant human GH are evaluable; a successful response was observed in all but 1, with the mean growth rate increasing from -2.29 ± 0.27 before treatment to 0.86 ± 0.38 and to 1.66 ± 0.56 SDS at 1 and 2 years after treatment, respectively (P < .001). In conclusion, growth rate impairment was common in patients receiving TBI, with the speed of onset of both decreased growth velocity and GH deficiency depending mainly on the total dose of radiation. On the contrary, patients receiving BU did not experience significant problems in terms of growth velocity. The timely start of appropriate hormonal replacement therapy may ameliorate the final growth of children undergoing BMT. ER  - 
Multicentre study on prevalence of endocrine complications in thalassaemia major; Objective: Thalassaemia major is a common and serious medical problem, worldwide. However, there are few data concerning the various endocrine disorders which occur in this condition. We have surveyed 25 Italian centres in order to establish the prevalences and times of onset of endocrine disorders in patients with β-thalassaemia major. Project and patients: A questionnaire specifically designed to investigate the prevalences of endocrinopathies was sent to 25 paediatric and haematology departments. The following data were recorded in the questionnaire: sex, age, height and weight, pubertal status according to Tanner's classification, history of secondary amenorrhoea, type of endocrinopathy and hormone levels at diagnosis, associated complications, serum ferritin level, liver enzymes (ALT) and compliance with treatment. Results: An analysis of data from 1861 patients showed that failure of puberty was the major clinical endocrine problem and was present in 51% of boys and 47% of girls, all over the age of 15 years. Secondary amenorrhoea was recorded in 23% of patients (mean age 18.3 years), primary hypothyroidism in 6.2% (mean age 15.8 years), insulin dependent diabetes mellitus in 4.9% (mean age 18.1 years) and hypoparathyroidism in 3.6% of the patients (mean age 18.7 years). At present, the majority are in the second or third decades of life. The prevalences of hypothyroidism, insulin dependent diabetes mellitus and hypoparathyroidism differed in the various centres, whereas the frequency of pubertal disorders was very similar. Conclusions: Our study has demonstrated several points. Endocrine evaluation in thalassaemic patients must be carried out regularly, especially in those patients over the age of 10 years with iron overload and poor compliance with chelation therapy. The prevalences of some complications, such as insulin dependent diabetes and hypothyroidism, were lower than previously recorded. Hence, it is to be hoped endocrine complications will be less common in the future, for patients who have started chelation therapy during the first years of life. Because of the improved survival of thalassaemic patients with insulin dependent diabetes, and the high incidence of multiple endocrine complications, it is important to carry out careful follow-up studies for the early detection of any other associated complications to facilitate correct treatment. ER  - 
The prevalence of polycystic ovaries in the hepatic glycogen storage diseases: Its association with hyperinsulinism; Objective: There has been much debate concerning the relative contribution of insulin resistance to the development of polycystic ovaries (PCO). We therefore aimed to assess ovarian morphology and insulin/androgen status in females with the hepatic glycogen storage diseases types la (GSD-Ia) and III (GSD-III), disorders associated with abnormalities of insulin secretion. Design: A cross-sectional study of ovarian ultrasonography, oral glucose tolerance tests (oGTTs) and single measurements of gonadotrophins and androgens were performed. Patients: Twenty-seven patients were evaluated: 13 with GSD-Ia, median age 11.2 years (range, 3.3-26.7) and 14 with GSD-III, aged 13.2 years (4.2-31.3). None had clinical signs of hyperandrogenism and only two of the 13 adults (15%) had menstrual irregularities. They were compared to 9 normal adult female controls, aged 21-28 years. Measurements: Ovarian morphology and volume were measured. Blood glucose and plasma insulin concentrations were measured at the beginning and end of a 2-hour oGTT. Single measures of LH, FSH, testosterone, dehydroepiandrosterone sulphate, androstenedione, IGF-I and SHBG were made on samples taken at the beginning of the oGTT. Results: In both GSD-Ia and III, all those older than 4.8 years of age had a polycystic ovarian appearance. Pre-pubertal GSD-Ia patients had lower basal and 2-hour blood glucose and plasma insulin concentrations than pre-pubertal GSD-III patients. In adults with GSD-Ia and GSD-III, although basal and 2-hour blood glucose concentrations did not differ, both basal and 2-hour plasma insulin concentrations were significantly higher than controls. Serum gonadotrophins, androgens, IGF-I and SHBG were mostly normal. Conclusions: A polycystic ovarian appearance is a common finding in patients with glycogen storage disease even before puberty. In GSD-III and adults with GSD-Ia, this ovarian appearance was associated with hyperinsulinism, suggesting an aetiological link, but this was not the case in pre-pubertal children with GSD-Ia. Inborn errors of carbohydrate metabolism may act as useful models for examining control mechanisms of ovarian physiology and development. ER  - 
Long term ocular and neurological involvement in severe congenital toxoplasmosis; Aims - This study was set up to determine the long term ocular and systemic sequelae in patients with severe congenital toxoplasmosis. Methods - Cross sectional and retrospective study of 17 patients with severe congenital toxoplasmosis. Results - In addition to chorioretinitis (100%), the most common abnormal ocular features were optic nerve atrophy (83%), visual acuity of less than 0.1 (85%), strabismus, and microphthalmos. In 50% of cases we observed iridic abnormalities and about 40% developed a cataract. Overt endocrinological disease, diagnosed in five of 15 patients, included panhypopituitarism (n = 2), gonadal failure with dwarfism (n = 1), precocious puberty with dwarfism and thyroid deficiency (n = 1), and diabetes mellitus and thyroid deficiency (n = 1). The observed endocrinelogical involvement was associated in all cases with obstructive hydrocephalus with a dilated third ventricle and optic nerve atrophy. Conclusion - The recognition of long term ocular, neurological, and endocrinelogical sequelae of congenital toxoplasmosis is important for medical management of these severely handicapped patients. ER  - 
Double blind trial of nicotinamide in recent-onset IDDM (the IMDIAB III study); Nicotinamide has been recently introduced, in addition to intensive insulin therapy for patients with recent-onset insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) to protect beta cells from end-stage destruction. However, available data are conflicting. A double blind trial in 56 newly-diagnosed IDDM patients receiving nicotinamide for 12 months at a dose of 25 mg/kg body weight or placebo was designed in order to determine whether this treatment could improve the integrated parameters of metabolic control (insulin dose, glycated haemoglobin and C-peptide secretion) in the year after diagnosis. In addition to nicotinamide or placebo, patients received three to four insulin injections daily to optimize blood glucose levels. Patients treated with nicotinamide or placebo received similar doses of insulin during follow-up and 1 year after diagnosis with comparable glycated haemoglobin levels (6.7 ± 1.8% nicotinamide vs 7.1 ± 0.6% placebo). Basal and glucagon stimulated C-peptide secretion detectable at diagnosis were similarly preserved in the course of 12 months follow-up both in nicotinamide and placebo treated patients. No adverse effects were observed in patients receiving nicotinamide. When age at diagnosis was taken into account, nicotinamide treated older patients (> 15 years of age) showed significantly higher stimulated C-peptide secretion than placebo treated patients (p < 0.02). These results suggest that nicotinamide can preserve and improve stimulated beta-cell function only in patients diagnosed after puberty. We conclude that in these patients nicotinamide can be added to insulin at the time of disease diagnosis to maintain and possibly improve residual beta-cell function. However, further studies on patients diagnosed after puberty are needed to confirm whether nicotinamide can be considered an additional tool to insulin in early-onset IDDM. ER  - 
Association between lipoprotein(a) and insulin-like growth factor I during puberty and the relationship to microalbuminuria in children and adolescents with IDDM; OBJECTIVE - To study pubertal changes in serum lipoprotein(a) [Lp(a)] and insulin like growth factor I (IGF-I) in insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) and the relationship to microalbuminuria. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - Seventy-nine children and adolescents (59 with normoalbuminuria, 20 with microalbuminuria) with ≥5 years of IDDM were investigated together with 54 healthy control subjects in a cross-sectional study. Fasting serum Lp(a); apolipoprotein (apo) A-1 and B; total, low-density lipoprotein (LDL), and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol; triglycerides; and IGF-I were analyzed as were HbA(1/c) and overnight albumin excretion rate (AER). Pubertal development was assessed by Tanner staging. RESULTS - Lp(a), apoB, triglycerides, and total and LDL cholesterol were higher (P < 0.001) and apoA-1 was lower (P = 0.03) in normoalbuminuric IDDM patients than in healthy control subjects Lp(a) was increased during puberty (stages 2-4) in IDDM patients but not in healthy subjects, whereas IGF-I was significantly increased during puberty in healthy control subjects only. In IDDM patients Lp(a) correlated to insulin dose, total cholesterol, and LDL cholesterol, but not to IGF-I, HbA(1c), systolic and diastolic blood pressure, diabetes duration, age, or sex. In multiple regression analysis with Lp(a) as the dependent variable, puberty was the only significant contributor to the regression (r2 = 0.33, P = 0.008). Microalbuminuria was seen only in the pubertal stage 4-5 Lp(a) tended to be higher (P = 0.06) as did apoB, whereas IGF-I was lower (P < 0.001) in this group than in normoalbuminuric patients of the same pubertal stages. In multivariate analysis, with log AER as the dependent variable, apoB/apoA-1, systolic blood pressure, age, and IGF-I but not Lp(a) added to the regression (r2 = 0.47, P < 0.0001). CONCLUSIONS - Lp(a) is elevated during puberty in normoalbuminuric subjects with IDDM, independent of metabolic control and IGF-I Lp(a) tends to be further increased in microalbuminuria but does not seem to be a contributing determinant of log AER whereas low IGF-I does. Prospective studies are required to establish the temporal relationship between increased Lp(a) and microalbuminuria in children and adolescents with IDDM. ER  - 
Insulin-like growth factor-I is related to glycemic control in children and adolescents with newly diagnosed insulin-dependent diabetes; To address the relationship of insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) to diabetes control, we determined IGF-I levels in 137 subjects age 17 yr and younger with recently diagnosed insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in a population-based cohort study between 3 and 11 months after diagnosis (mean 4.9 months). Initial determinations of IGF-I, 24-h urine C-peptide and microalbuminuria, age, sex, height, weight, body mass index, pubertal stage, and glycosylated hemoglobin (GHb) were obtained. IGF-I levels ranged from 11- 439 ng/mL, were strongly related to age (r = 0.74, P <0.001), and were higher in females than males at any given age (P <0.01). IGF-I was inversely related to GHb (partial r = -0.43, P <0.001) after adjustment for sex and age. The relationship between IGF-I and GHb did not change between age groups (<6, 6- 9, ≥ 10 yr of age; P = 0.50), and it did not change between prepubertal and pubertal subjects (P = 0.95). IGF-I was not related to 24-h urine C-peptide or microalbuminuria. These results suggest that lower IGF-I levels are related to poorer metabolic control of diabetes in the period following insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus diagnosis in all young persons regardless of age or pubertal status. ER  - 
Longitudinal study of lipoprotein(a) in peripubertal children with insulin-dependent diabetes; We aimed to examine the longitudinal relationship between lipoprotein(a) and haemoglobin A(1c) albumin excretion rate, and puberty in peripubertal children with insulin-dependent diabetes. A total of 114 patients aged 11.5 ± 3.6 years (mean (SD)) were followed prospectively for 15.2 ± 2.8 months. Lipoprotein(a), apolipoproteinB-100, haemoglobin A(1c) mean overnight albumin excretion rate and Tanner stage were determined at the beginning and end of the study period. Lipoprotein(a) and apolipoproteinB-100 were measured using nephelometry. This method was correlated with radioimmunoassay and there was no significant change in mean bias during the study. Lipoprotein(a) fell significantly over time (214, (152, 276); 160 (84, 236) mg l-1 geometric mean (0.95 confidence intervals), p < 0.001); apolipoproteinB-100 did not change. Lipoprotein(a) and apolipoproteinB-100 did not differ in 233 cross-sectional controls of similar age. The change in lipoprotein(a) did not correlate with a small fall in haemoglobin A(1c) or with overnight albumin excretion rate, Tanner stage or insulin dose. Separate analysis of male and female patients and prepubertal and pubertal patients continued to show a significant fall in lipoprotein(a) independent of change in haemoglobin A(1c) or albumin excretion rate. Likewise, 53 patients with a change in haemoglobin A(1c) of greater than 1%, and 20 patients who progressed from normal albumin excretion rate to albumin excretion rate above the 95th centile, showed no relationship between lipoprotein(a) and haemoglobin A(1c) or albumin excretion rate. In conclusion, longitudinal changes in lipoprotein(a) do not relate to metabolic control or early changes in albuminuria in young patients with insulin-dependent diabetes. ER  - 
Does educational camp always benefit young patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus?; Educational camps may be useful for patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) to receive tuition on selfmonitoring practices and so improve their control of the disease. The aim of our study was to evaluate the long-term impact of educational camps on metabolic control in children and adolescents with IDDM. We studied 72 subjects (25 females and 47 males), aged 8-17 years (mean: 13.2 ± 2.2 years), with an IDDM duration of 4.5 ± 3.7 years. All subjects took part in one of six camps, held between July 1990 and July 1992. There were 12 patients per camp, with a patient/physician ratio of 3:1. During the camps all patients were instructed about the most important self-control practices. Metabolic control, evaluated as glycated haemoglobin Alc (HbAlc), total cholesterol and tryglycerides, was expressed as mean values of results obtained during the previous year's camp and those of the following year. No difference was observed between HbAlc values of the previous year and those of the following year (8.08 ± 1.3 vs 8.44 ± 1.69%, p NS). When all patients were divided into two groups (Group I: prepubertal subjects and Group II: pubertal subjects), we did not observe any difference in the metabolic control of Group I (7.95 ± 1.39 vs 7.59 ± 1.2%, p NS), while in Group II HbAlc mean values were significantly higher in the year following the camp (8.15 ± 1.4 vs 8.71 ± 1.8%, p < 0.05). Moreover, while HbAlc mean values of results of the previous year's camp did not show any difference between the two groups, the following year they were significantly higher in Group II than in Group I (8.71 ± 1.8 vs 7.59 ± 1.2%, p < 0.05). No difference was observed for total cholesterol and tryglycerides. Insulin requirement was higher only in Group I (0.69 ± 0.21 vs 0.79 ± 2.25 U/kg/die, p < 0.02), but not in Group II (0.82 ± 0.27 vs 0.85 ± 0.27 U/kg/die, p NS). Our data suggest that educational camps, in many cases, did not lead to better control in diabetic adolescents. ER  - 
Impaired glucose tolerance in adolescent offspring of diabetic mothers: Relationship to fetal hyperinsulinism; OBJECTIVE - To test the hypothesis that long-term postnatal development may be modified by metabolic experiences in utero. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - We enrolled offspring of women with pregestational diabetes (this included insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus [IDDM] and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus [NIDDM]) and gestational diabetes in a prospective study from 1977 through 1983. Fetal β-cell function was assessed by measurement of amniotic fluid insulin (AFI) at 32-38 weeks gestation. Postnatally, plasma glucose and insulin were measured yearly from 1.5 years of age after fasting and 2 h after 1.75 g/kg oral glucose. Control subjects had a single oral glucose challenge at 10-16 years. RESULTS - In offspring of diabetic mothers, the prevalence of impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) (2-h glucose concentration >7.8 mmol/l) was: 1.2% at <5 years, 5.4% at 5-9 years, and 193% at 10-16 years. The 88 offspring of diabetic mothers (12.3 ± 1.7 years), when compared with 80 control subjects of the same age and pubertal stage, had higher 2-h glucose (6.8 ± 1.4 vs. 5.7 ± 0.9 mmol/l, P < 0.001) and insulin (660 ± 720 vs. 455 ± 285 pmol/l, P < 0.03) concentrations. The 1.7 subjects with IGT at > 10 years of age (9 boys and 8 girls) include one girl with NIDDM. IGT was not associated with the etiology of the mother's diabetes (gestational versus pregestational) or macrosomia at birth. IGT was found in only 3.7% (1 of 27) of adolescents whose AFI was normal (≤ 100 pmol/l) and 33.3% (12 of 36) of those with elevated AFI (P < 0.001). Although most of the children with IGT are obese, AFI and obesity are independently associated with IGT by multiple logistic analysis. CONCLUSIONS - In confirmation of our original hypothesis, IGT in the offspring is a long-term complication of maternal diabetes. Excessive insulin secretion in utero, as assessed by AFI concentration, is a strong predictor of IGT in childhood. ER  - 
Influence of age, sex, and insulin on osteoblast function: Osteoblast dysfunction in diabetes mellitus; The osteoblast function was evaluated in normal and diabetic children and adults by measurements of the serum concentration of the carboxy-terminal extension peptide of procollagen (PICP), total and skeletal alkaline phosphatase (ALP), and osteocalcin. Moreover, the osteoblast-stimulating growth factor, insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I), was measured in the same samples. In normal children (n = 420; age, 5-20 yr), a marked pubertal increase of serum IGF-I (peak values at age 14-16 yr in both sexes), osteocalcin, and total and skeletal ALP (peak values earlier in girls than in boys) and a small increase in PICP were observed. All osteoblast markers and IGF-I were markedly lower in normal adults (n = 229; age, 21-69 yr) than in children. All osteoblast parameters showed a high degree of correlation (P < 0.001) with each other. In adolescents (n = 104) treated for insulin- dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM), serum IGF-I (-19%), osteocalcin (-28%), and skeletal ALP (-28%) were markedly decreased, whereas total ALP was significantly increased (29%), and serum PICP remained normal. In adult IDDM (n = 125), both serum IGF-I (-41%) and osteocalcin (-24%) were decreased, but skeletal ALP and PICP remained normal. A similar abnormality in serum IGF-I and osteocalcin was observed in white (n = 61) and Pima Indian (n = 16) non- IDDM patients. The concentration of skeletal ALP was highly significantly correlated (r ≥ 0.9) with total ALP in both normal and diabetic subjects, but the slope of the regression was significantly different, indicating the presence of other, probably intestinal, ALP in all types of diabetes. In conclusion, the osteoblast function is significantly decreased in diabetic patients, which can best be characterized as a maturation defect, since the early osteoblast marker, PICP, remained normal in all types of diabetes, whereas a later marker, skeletal ALP, is frankly abnormal only in diabetic children. The most mature osteoblast marker, osteocalcin, is decreased in all types of diabetes irrespective of age. ER  - 
Insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-I and -II and IGF-binding proteins-1, - 2, and -3 in children and adolescents with diabetes mellitus: Correlation with metabolic control and height attainment; The putative effects of diabetes and metabolic control on circulating levels of insulin-like growth factors (IGFs) and their binding proteins (IGFBPs) remain controversial. In the present study, serum levels of IGF-I and IGF-II and IGFBP-1, -2, and -3 were measured in 58 patients (age, 0.8-17 yr) with treated (51 subjects) or untreated (7 subjects) insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) and were compared with the levels in normal subjects. In the untreated patients IGF-I and IGF-II were decreased as compared with the healthy controls. In the treated diabetics IGF-I and IGF- II were reduced; IGFBP-2 (only in prepubertal subjects) and IGFBP-3 were increased. Furthermore, age-adjusted values of IGF-I, IGF-II, and IGFBP-3 were lower in prepubertal than in pubertal patients. Regression analysis revealed a negative correlation between hemoglobin (Hb)A1c and standard deviation scores (SDS) of IGF-I and a positive association between HbA1c and IGFBP-1 SDS or IGFBP-2 SDS. In the treated patients HbA1c was positively related to IGFBP-1 SDS and IGFBP-2 SDS when applying simple regression analysis and to IGFBP-2 SDS when using a multiple regression model. Strong correlations were observed between height SDS and IGF-I SDS, IGF-II SDS, and IGFBP-3 SDS in prepubertal subjects who had had IDDM for at least 2 yr, but not in adolescents. Such correlations have also been found in healthy children and adolescents. In conclusion; 1) IDDM is associated with alterations of the IGF-IGFBP system, which are partially accounted for by differences in metabolic control and pubertal status; 2) the lower plasma concentrations of serum IGF-I may play a role in the pathogenesis of growth impairment of poorly controlled prepubertal, but not pubertal, children and adolescents with IDDM; and 3) in addition, a potential role of the altered IGF-IGFBP system for the development of diabetic late complications is hypothesized. ER  - 
Fasting plasma insulin level is an important risk factor for the development of complications in Japanese obese children - Results from a cross-sectional and a longitudinal study; It is not known what types of factors may contribute to the development of complications in obese children. In the current investigation, we have performed a cross-sectional and a longitudinal study in Japanese obese children to clarify the relationship of the extent of obesity, fat distribution, insulin resistance, and aging to the development of obesity- related complications. In the cross-sectional study of 329 obese boys and 142 obese girls aged 7 to 15 years, the fasting plasma immunoreactive insulin (IRI) level was significantly higher than that of 46 non-obese boys and 48 non-obese girls (boys, 13.4 ± 6.7 v 4.9 ± 1.9 μU/mL, P < .001; girls, 14.0 ± 5.9 v 4.8 ± 1.8, P < .001). Linear regression analysis demonstrated that fasting plasma IRI correlated positively with fasting plasma glucose (FPG), triglycerides (TG), uric acid (UA), and systolic blood pressure (SBP) in obese boys, and with TG, SBP, and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) in obese girls, and negatively with serum high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL- C) in both obese boys and girls. Multiple regression analysis demonstrated that fasting plasma IRI was independently and positively correlated with FPG, TG, and SBP in obese boys. Fasting plasma IRI in obese girls was positively correlated with TG, SBP, and DBP, and negatively with HDL-C. FPG decreased significantly in non-obese children at the onset of puberty, but it remained unchanged in obese children. Fasting plasma IRI and the IRI to glucose ratio increased with age in obese children, whereas they did not show any significant changes in non-obese children. Furthermore, in the longitudinal study of 42 obese children (32 boys and 10 girls) aged 7 to 15 years, significant increases in FPG (P < .01), insulin, UA, and SBP (P < .001, respectively) and a significant decrease in serum HDL-C (P < .001) were observed. Significant positive correlations were also noted between the yearly changes for IRI and SBP, and between the changes for IRI and the number of obesity-associated complications. These results suggest that fasting plasma IRI can be one of the most useful indices for predicting the development of obesity-associated complications in children, especially hypertension, hyperlipidemia, and hyperuricemia. ER  - 
A cross-sectional study of growth, puberty and endocrine function in patients with thalassaemia major in Hong Kong; Methodology: A cross-sectional study of growth, puberty and endocrine function was performed on 35 girls and 33 boys with thalassaemia major. Results: Despite regular transfusion and chelation therapy, 75% of the girls and 62% of the boys over the age of 12 years were below the third percentile for height. Hypogonadotropic hypogonadism was found in a similar percentage of patients. Moderate to marked zinc deficiency secondary to chelation therapy was considered unlikely because normal serum zinc levels were found in all but three of our patients, but we could not exclude the possibility of a marginal status of zinc nutrition causing growth failure. Growth hormone deficiency and diabetes mellitus were sometimes encountered but hypothyroidism, hypoparathyroidism and adrenal Insufficiency were rare among our patients. Most of the patients with growth failure had normal growth hormone (GH) response to insulin induced hypoglycaemia. The serum insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) levels were low in our patients and no significant difference in the serum IGF-1 levels was found between prepubertal children with or without growth failure (0.4 ± 0.1 mU/mL vs 0.37 ± 0.11 mU/mL, P = 0.39). Similarly, no difference in the serum IGF-1 levels was found between pubertal children with or without growth failure (0.48 ± 0.2 U/mL vs 0.56 ± 0.14 U/mL, P = 0.26). Conclusions: Delayed sexual maturation and a possible defect in growth unrelated to the GH-IGF-1 axis may be responsible for the growth failure in adolescent children with thalassaemia major. ER  - 
Response to growth hormone therapy in patients with growth hormone deficiency who at birth were small or appropriate in size for gestational age; Objective: To determine long-term growth response to growth hormone (GH) therapy in patients with isolated GH deficiency who had been small for gestational age and in those who had been appropriate in size for gestational age. Design: Longitudinal, case-control study. Setting: Pediatric clinic, endocrinology center, University of Bologna, Italy. Patients: Sixteen GH-deficient children, small for gestational age with unknown cause, and 16 GH-deficient children, appropriate in size for gestational age, who were matched for chronologic age, bone age, pubertal stage, and target height at the beginning of treatment and were treated for 36 months. Intervention: Recombinant human GH given subcutaneously at a dose of 20 IU/m2 per week in six doses per week for 36 months. Measurements: Growth hormone levels (fluoroimmunoenzymatic method), levels of insulin-like growth factor I (radioimmunoassay), and complete 36-months auxologic follow-up. Results: Patients who were small for gestational age had a modest improvement in height for chronologic age but no increase in predicted final height. Patients who were appropriate in size for gestational age had significantly better improvement in both measurements (multivariate analysis of variance: F = 6.3 (p < 0.001) and F = 3.8 (p < 0.05), respectively). Catch-up growth was similar during the first year of therapy for the two groups, after which the linear growth velocity decreased more rapidly in the small-for-gestational-age patients (multivariate analysis of variance: F = 4.9 (p < 0.05)). Conclusions: The constitutional component of the statural deficiency of small-for-gestational-age children seemed to prevail over hormonal deficiency during treatment with GH. Further follow-up to final height is necessary to evaluate these different responses. ER  - 
National data on the epidemiology of IDDM in Greece: Cases diagnosed in 1992; OBJECTIVE - To detect the incidence, geographic distribution, and seasonal variation of insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (iddm) in all of Greece. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - One hundred and thirty-seven children (75 boys and 62 girls) up to 14.9 years of age were diagnosed with IDDM in Greece in 1992. RESULTS - The age-adjusted incidence of IDDM in Greece in 1992 was 6.25/100,000 population (boys: 6.17/100,000; girls: 6.28/100,000). There was a significant pubertal peak. The incidence of IDDM was significantly higher in metropolitan (10.0/100,000) than in rural (4.21/100,000), semirural (748/100,000), or urban areas (5.36/100,000) of Athens. There was a marginal difference between rural and semirural areas. No significant seasonal variation in the incidence of IDDM was observed. CONCLUSIONS - We conclude that the incidence of IDDM in Greece is among the five lowest in Europe. An impressive clustering of cases was observed in the Athens metropolitan area compared with the rural and semirural areas, an observation that possibly underlines the importance of environmental factors (stressful situations, infections, dietary habits, and others) in the expression of IDDM. ER  - 
Effect of insulin on the insulin-like growth factor system in children with new-onset insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus; To further characterize the mechanism of impaired growth in children with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, we examined the serum components of the insulin-like growth factor (IGF) system in 11 children with new-onset insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and followed the effect of insulinization on the IGF system longitudinally 1 day, 1 week, and 1 month after staring insulin treatment. Before insulin therapy, serum IGF-I, IGF-II, IGF-binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3), and GH-binding protein (GHBP) levels were significantly decreased, whereas IGFBP-1 and cortisol were significantly increased in diabetic children compared to those in an age-, sex-, and stage of puberty- matched control group. Random serum GH concentrations did not differ significantly. The alterations in the IGF system reversed with insulin therapy in a sequential manner. IGFBP-1 fell rapidly and was comparable to control values within 24 h after insulin treatment. IGF-I rose 1 week after treatment, reaching levels comparable to those in controls and continued to rise through 1 month of treatment. IGF-II, IGFBP-3, and GHBP showed a slower pattern of change, with their levels reaching control values only 1 month after the start of insulin treatment. Improvement in glycemic control, as determined by a change in hemoglobin-A(1c), correlated positively with improvement in IGF-I, IGF-II, IGFBP-3, GHBP, and weight gain after 1 month of insulin therapy. These data are consistent with the hypothesis that changes in the IGF system in the insulinopenic state are similar to those during nutritional deprivation and may serve to minimize IGF's anabolic actions. The decreases in IGF-I, IGF-II, and IGFBP-3 may in part be due to a decrease in the GHBP/receptor. However, the observation that an increase in serum IGF-I was observed earlier than an increase in GHBP and without a significant change in serum GH suggests a direct stimulatory effect of insulin on liver IGF-I production or reversal by insulin of some postreceptor defect in GH action independent of GHBP. ER  - 
Insulin resistance and hyperinsulinemia in homozygous β-thalassemia; Insulin resistance and hyperinsulinemia have been reported in homozygous β-thalassemia before the development of diabetes. However, insulin sensitivity (S1) has never been studied in normoinsulinemic patients. Furthermore, whether hyperinsulinemia is due to increased β-cell secretion or to decreased hepatic insulin extraction is poorly understood. We estimated S1, β-cell secretion, and hepatic insulin extraction using the minimal model analysis of a frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test (2.8 g/m2) in two groups of nondiabetic pubertal patients with homozygous β-thalassemia (seven hyperinsulinemic and seven normoinsulinemic patients) and seven control subjects matched for age, body mass index, and pubertal stage. In both thalassemic groups, S1 was reduced by approximately 40% (3.52 ± 0.57 and 3.74 ± 0.66 v 6.89 ± 1.02 10-4 · min-1 [μU/mL], P = .011) and was inversely correlated with iron overload (r = -.707, P = .006). All parameters of β-cell secretion were not significantly different in patients and controls. On the other hand, basal posthepatic insulin delivery (BDR) was more than doubled in hyperinsulinemic patients with respect to normoinsulinemic patients or controls (15.1 ± 2.4 v 6.1 ± 1.1 and 7.5 ± 2.3 pmol/L · min-1, P = .012), and the same was true for total posthepatic insulin delivery ([TID] 6.3 ± 1.0 v 2.9 ± 0.5 and 2.9 ± 0.7 pmol/L · 240 min-1, P = .015). Hepatic insulin extraction was significantly lower in hyperinsulinemic patients than in normoinsulinemic patients or controls (49.3% ± 9.4% v 73.0% ± 3.7% and 77.4% ± 3.9%, P = .011), and in patients it was inversely correlated with iron overload (r = -.829, P = .0001). In conclusion, insulin resistance is present even in normoinsulinemic patients, β-cell responsiveness to glucose is normal, and hyperinsulinemia is mainly due to decreased hepatic insulin extraction. In nondiabetic thalassemic patients, these defects are possibly related to iron overload. ER  - 
Growth and the growth hormone axis in prepubertal children with asthma; To determine the influence of asthma and its treatment with inhaled corticosteroids on growth, linear growth velocity, and the growth hormone axis in prepubertal children, we performed 6 longitudinal study for 12 months in 56 children with asthma, aged between 4.4 and 11.7 years. Height, weight, skin-fold thickness, and lung function were measured every 3 months and bone age at entry to and exit from the study. A 24-hour serum growth hormone concentration profile and fasting insulin-like growth factor I levels were measured half way through the year. Seventy-four percent of boys and 62% of girls had heights below the 50th percentile. Growth velocity in the nonsteroid-treated control group (n = 13) was normal; 10 of 20 children taking beclomethasone grew slowly (14/20 used a dry powder device), and 4 of 19 children taking budesonide grew slowly (15/19 used a spacer). Three of four children using inhaled steroids and prednisolone grew slowly. In none of the treatment groups were measures of growth hormone secretion or levels of radioimmunoassayable serum insulin-like growth factor I affected. We conclude that slow growth in steroid-treated children with asthma does not appear to be associated with major perturbations in the growth hormone axis. ER  - 
Relation of body fat distribution to reproductive factors in pre- and postmenopausal women.; The cross-sectional relations of several reproductive characteristics with self-reported waist-to-hip circumference ratio were evaluated in 44,487 pre- and postmenopausal women 40 to 65 years of age who were free of cancer, cardiovascular disease, and diabetes. All results were adjusted for age, body mass index, cigarette smoking, physical activity, and alcohol intake. Current use of postmenopausal hormones was associated with a significantly lower waist-to-hip ratio than either past or never use independent of type of menopause (0.778 versus 0.784, p = 0.0001 and 0.787, p = 0.0001, respectively), although associations with type (unopposed estrogens versus combined estrogen and progesterone) and duration of hormone therapy were not noted. Waist-to-hip ratio did not differ between pre- and postmenopausal women, but demonstrated weak positive associations with age at menarche, parity, and age at first birth, and a weak inverse association with past duration of breast-feeding. These data confirm relations of several reproductive factors and use of hormone replacement therapy with body fat distribution. Epidemiologic studies relating body fat distribution to disease outcomes in women should consider these factors as potential confounders. ER  - 
Determinants of blood glucose variability in adolescents with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus; Metabolic control and blood glucose variability in children with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) during and after puberty were studied. Seventy-two children (43M, 29F), aged 10-19 years, with a 2-16-year duration of IDDM participated in the study. Fourteen of the patients were prepubertal (Tanner stage 1), 27 pubertal (Tanner 2-4) and 31 postpubertal (Tanner 5). They performed self-monitoring of blood glucose (SMBG) five times daily, every 2 days for 4 weeks. The SD (SDbg) for all values in each patient was calculated as a measure of blood glucose variability. Weight-length index, linear growth velocity and Tanner stage were recorded. Hemoglobin (Hb)A(1c), alkaline phosphatase and sex hormone levels in serum were analyzed. Subjectively experienced hypoglycemic episodes were recorded. HbA(1c) levels showed no relation to Tanner stage. SDbg was lower in stage 5 than in stages 2-4 (p = 0.02). There was no significant correlation between HbA(1c), but the variability was significantly lower in individuals with mean blood quartile compared with those in the upper three quartiles (p < 0.001). Alkaline tration, as a measure of growth velocity, was the main independent determinan p < 0.005). There was an inverse correlation between levels of sex hormones and that blood glucose variability is lower after than during puberty. This variability linear growth velocity or its biochemical marker. ER  - 
Gender and Tanner stage differences in body composition and insulin sensitivity in early pubertal children; A cross-sectional analysis examining the impact of gender and early pubertal stage on insulin sensitivity (Si) and body composition was carried out as part of a longitudinal study to determine how Si relates to body composition changes during puberty. The study population consisted of 97 healthy children (age range, 9.7-14.5 yr; 28 Tanner stage 2 boys, 25 stage 3 boys, 22 Tanner stage 2 girls, and 22 stage 3 girls). Si was determined by the modified minimal model of Bergman. Body fatness was assessed by body mass index (BMI), skinfold thickness, hydrodensitometry, and bioelectrical impedance. Results showed that stage 3 girls and stage 2 boys had significantly more body fat than stage 2 girls and stage 3 boys. Si was significantly lower (P < 0.02) and insulin-like growth factor-I levels higher (P < 0.006) in stage 3 girls compared to those in the other 3 groups. The best predictor of Si in all subjects was BMI (r2 = -0.63; P < 0.0001). In a stepwise multiple regression analysis, Si was best predicted from BMI, gender, and Tanner stage. According to this model, Si decreased as BMI increased and was lower in girls and Tanner stage 3 children. In boys, Si was best predicted from total fat mass and Tanner stage. In girls, Si correlated inversely with BMI, parental obesity, and insulin-like growth factor-I levels. Neither testosterone nor estradiol levels were associated with Si. These results demonstrate that Si, like body composition, has gender- dependent changes during puberty. It is, thus, possible that these pubertal changes in Si relate to changes in body composition. ER  - 
Fertility of women with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus; Fertility of women suffering from insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) and outcomes of pregnancy in them were analyzed on the basis of case histories of 279 women aged over 25 administered traditional nonintensified insulin therapy. No appreciable differences in the fertility of these women in comparison with that in the general population were revealed. The possibility of conception is increased if IDDM manifests after menarche and maturation of the sexual function. Fertility was the lowest in diabetic women in whom the disease manifested before the age of 10 years. Induced abortions were the most frequent outcomes of pregnancy in diabetic women. The incidence of spontaneous abortions in diabetic women was virtually the same as in the population at large. The incidence of stillbirths is evidently increased in comparison with that in the general population. ER  - 
Childhood-onset schizophrenia: An NIMH study in progress; An ongoing study of the phenomenology, genetics, neuropsychology, physiology (eye tracking, autonomic responsivity), neuroimaging, biochemistry, and pharmacology of childhood-onset schizophrenia is described, and pilot data are presented for the first 22 subjects. Differentiation from autism 'spectrum' disorders and other poorly defined, severe neurodevelopmental disorders is needed. Eye tracking and autonomic results are similar to patterns seen in later-onset schizophrenia and possibly more striking. Magnetic resonance imaging showed larger left frontal ventricular horn area for the schizophrenia subjects, larger left caudate, and lack of normal caudate asymmetry. Fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography during an auditory continuous performance task revealed decreased right parietal/occipital glucose metabolic rate in the schizophrenia subjects, which may be secondary to poor attentional performance, and increased glucose metabolic rate in three left frontal regions, a left parietal region, and the right putamen. Clozapine has been effective and well tolerated in an open trial with 12 adolescents who responded poorly to typical neuroleptics; 16 subjects have been enrolled in a double-blind comparison of haloperidol and clozapine. Longitudinal study of this narrowly defined and possibly more homogeneous group of very early-onset schizophrenia subjects will be relevant to current neurodevelopmental theories addressing the role of puberty, progression of pathology, and continuity or discontinuity with later-onset schizophrenia. ER  - 
Factors affecting HbA1c values in young diabetics and frequency of subclinical complications; Background - Successful therapeutic management of the child and adolescent with diabetes mellitus requires insulin administration, dietary management, physical activity and physical fitness, and emotional support. The ultimate aim is to avoid long-term microvascular, renal and neurologic complications by maintaining blood glucose concentrations close to the normal range. We determined the mean annual glycosylated hemoglobin levels (HbA1c) that can be achieved in young diabetic patients without residual insulin secretion. Population and methods - One hundred and twenty-nine patients aged 17.7 ± 6.4 yr (m ± SD) were followed sequentially for 1 year by the same pediatric diabetologist. They had a diabetes duration from 2 to 27 yr (mean: 9.7). Mean age at onset of diabetes was 8.1 ± 3.7 yr. C-peptide was undetectable in all patients. Subclinical retinopathy, neuropathy and nephropathy were looked for in all patients. HbA1c was measured by an HPLC method (normal range: 4.4-6.0%) at each visit (6.6 ± 1.9 visits/yr/patient). Results - Mean (SD) annual HbA1c levels were 6.9 ± 1.5%, ie 115% of normal values. The frequency of monthly home blood glucose monitoring (HBGM) was between 0 and 250 measurements (77 ± 49). HbA1c was not related to sex, ethnicity, age, and duration of diabetes. There was no difference between the 84 patients on only two or three daily insulin injections (aged 15.1 ± 5.6 yr with a diabetes duration of 7.5 ± 5.2 yr), and the 45 patients on four injections using the basal bolus regimen (aged 22.5 ± 5.2 yr with a diabetes duration of 13.7 ± 5.5 yr). The regression analysis showed a weak but significant inverse correlation between HbA1c and frequency of HBGM as well as frequency of outpatient clinic attendance. The yearly incidence rates of severe hypoglycemia were 0.10 in the two injection group and 0.31 in the four injection group without relationship to HbA1c levels. Frequency of subclinical complications was 15% for nephropathy, 31% for neuropathy and 39% for retinopathy. The minimum age at which incipient complications appear was 13 yr for one complication, 17 yr for the association of two complications, 23 yr for the association of three, afer a diabetes duration of 3, 7, 15 yr, respectively. Conclusions - In 30% of young diabetic patients without residual insulin secretion, it is possible to obtain mean annual HbA1c levels within the normal range. Increased frequency of HBGM and of clinic attendance help to reduce HbA1c levels. In contrast, multiple insulin injection therapy, allowing more freedom for diet, does not necessarily improve metabolic control and is associated with a higher incidence of severe hypoglycemic episodes. Incipient complications have to be looked for by sensitive methods from puberty. ER  - 
Health and factors associated with glycemic control in 165 children aged 7-13 years with insulin-dependent diabetes; Background - A multicenter cross-sectional study was the first step of a project aimed at performing an educational diagnosis for IDDM children in France. Population and methods - Inclusion criteria were age 7 to 13 years, IDDM duration > 6 months and to be followed in a university pediatric department. One hundred and seventy-three children, followed in six centers, were eligible. One hundred and sixty-five of them (age 10.2 ± 1.9 years and IDDM duration 3.1 ± 2.7 years) agreed to participate. Standardized questionnaires were completed by the parents and children. Clinical examination was performed and a medical questionnaire was completed by the usual diabetologist of children. HbA1c was measured using a single HPLC method (normal levels ± 2 sd = 4.5 to 5.7%). Results - Mean HbA1c was 8.3 ± 1.6% (range 5-13.2%) and values were distributed as follows: ≤7% for 24.5%, ≤8% for 46.6% and >10% for 14% of the children. Age (r = 0.33, P < 0.001), duration of diabetes (r = 0.29, P < 0.001), number of biochemical hypoglycemias (r = -0.21, P < 0.01) and cholesterol level (r = 0.31, P < 0.001) were correlated with HbA1c levels and accounted for 30% of the variance in predicting HbA1c. The difference of HbA1c levels between prepubertal and pubertal children was significant (P < 0.02). Other usual clinical parameters as well as indexes for diabetes monitoring were not significantly correlated with HbA1c. In addition, four subgroups were associated with a significant deterioration (Δ ≥1%) in mean HbA1c levels: 1) age >10 years (n = 82, P < 0.01); 2) pubertal stage in girls (Tanner stages III vs 1, P < 0.05); 3) IDDM duration ≥2 years (n = 106, P < 0.001); 4) a non French native mother (n = 27, P < 0.001). Conclusions - Only 50% of this group under specialized care had an acceptable level of glycemic control (HbA1c ≤8%). Factors related to glycemic control were identified, as well as subgroups of children at particular risk for bad glycemic control which requires specifically targeted interventions. The analyse of sociodemographic, psychological, familial and cognitive factors is currently being conducted in this population, in order to find other explicative variables of glycemic control and to develop specifically targeted educational programs. ER  - 
Elevated vibration perception threshold in young patients with type 1 diabetes in comparison to non-diabetic children and adolescents; The vibration perception threshold (VPT) was investigated by biothesiometry in 61 children (28 boys) with Type 1 diabetes, mean age 15.5 (range 10-21) years, duration of diabetes 6.9 (range 1-19) years, and in 76 healthy children (39 males), mean age 13.8 (range 10-19) years. The measurements were performed in triplicate on the right second finger and on the right first toe. The vibration perception threshold was significantly increased (p < 0.0001) in the young diabetic patients (mean ± SD, finger 4.1 ± 1.1 V, toe: 5.7 ± 1.3 V) compared to healthy children (finger 3.4 ± 0.9 V, toe: 3.6 ± 1.3 V). Twenty percent of adolescents with Type 1 diabetes had a VPT above the 95th percentiles (finger: 5 V, toe 6.5 V) for normal control children. In healthy controls a significant correlation (r = 0.27, P< 0.01) was found for VPT in finger versus toe. This relationship was not significant in the diabetic group and may be due to reduced sensitivity of the fingertips caused by frequent blood glucose testing. Age, Tanner stage and height were significantly correlated to VPT (toe) in both diabetic and normal boys, while duration of diabetes, HbA(1c), arterial blood-pressure and body mass index were not significantly associated with VPT in any of the groups. The results indicate that changes in VPT appears early in childhood and emphasize a need for further studies of subclinical neuropathy in young patients with Type 1 diabetes. ER  - 
Post-exercise albuminuria does not predict microalbuminuria in type 1 diabetic patients; To investigate whether post-exercise urinary albumin excretion in Type 1 diabetic children and adolescents may prospectively predict the development of microalbuminuria, we have assessed post-exercise urinary albumin excretion before and after 6.2 ± 1.7 years of follow-up in 66 diabetic children and adolescents. Post-exercise urinary albumin excretion rose significantly above the pre-exercise values in diabetic patients by 2.7 (-3.8 to 84.2) μg min-1 (p<0.001) and in a group of 9 healthy individuals by 3.9 (-0.7 to 13.7) μg min-1 (p<0.02) without significant differences between groups. Post-exercise albuminuria was greater in postpubertal than prepubertal 9.8 vs 4.3 μg min-1 (p<0.03) and pubertal 9.8 vs 6.0 μg min-1 (p<0.02) patients; post-exercise changes in urinary albumin excretion were also positively related to glycated haemoglobin (r= 0.293; p<0.05). Eight out of 66 patients developed microalbuminuria at follow-up. Urinary albumin excretion at follow-up was comparable between patients with normal and abnormal post-exercise urinary albumin excretion; moreover post-exercise urinary albumin excretion was within the normal range in 5 out of 8 patients with microalbuminuria at follow-up. In conclusion post-exercise albuminuria does not seem to be a useful predictor of the onset of microalbuminuria in Type 1 diabetic children and adolescents. ER  - 
Cancer morbidity among employees in a Danish pharmaceutical plant; Workers in the pharmaceutical industry may be exposed to many potential carcinogens. We investigated cancer morbidity in a Danish plant where enzymes, insulin, antibiotics and sex hormones were produced in substantial quantities. Methods. Altogether 10 889 people ever employed (1964-1988) at the pharmaceutical plant were retrieved from the files of a compulsory pension fund, and followed-up in the nationwide Danish Cancer Registry (1964-1989). Site-specific standardized incidence ratios (SIR) were estimated, based on cancer rates for the national population. Information on risk factors for breast cancer, e.g. number of children, age at menarche and first delivery, obesity, and non-occupational use of sex hormones was obtained from samples of the female employees, and compared to equivalent variables from the general population. Results. The overall SIR for women was significantly elevated (n = 5554; SIR = 1.2). Excess risk was particularly seen for breast cancer (n = 97; SIR = 1.5), especially in a subgroup who had started work at the factory aged 30-39 and had continued to work for 1-9 years (SIR = 2.8). The SIR was near unity for men (n = 5335); however, three men with breast cancer versus 0.4 expected were found. Lifestyle components explained only about one-quarter of the excess female breast cancers. Proxy measures of intensity of occupational exposure to sex hormones or insulin showed no association with the risk for breast cancer. Conclusions. It seems unlikely that either a single occupational factor or an unusual reproductive pattern can explain the elevated breast cancer risk. Therefore, the finding requires further study. ER  - 
The blood-retinal barrier in diabetes during puberty; Objective: To assess the alteration of the blood-retinal barrier in patients with type I diabetes during puberty. Design: A 7-year prospective study evaluated retinal changes occurring in diabetic children during puberty. Patients between the ages of 10 and 20 years underwent annual ophthalmologic examinations that included fluorescein angiography and vitreous fluorophotometry. Setting: Clinical research facility. Patients: Fifty-seven diabetic children met preset eligibility criteria. During the study, 241 ophthalmologic examinations were scheduled and 210 (87.1%) were performed. Main Outcome Measure: Vitreous fluorophotometry penetration ratio (VFPR) was used to indicate blood-retinal barrier permeability. Results: No sign of retinopathy was detected before puberty (age 13 years for boys and 11 or 12 years for girls). The prevalence of retinopathy in the 4 years immediately after puberty was 6%. In the next 4 years, the prevalence was 29.6% (P=.0003). When all VFPRs were correlated with age, and data for male and female patients were analyzed separately, we found that the lowest VFPRs occurred at the expected time of puberty. When patients were paired by gender and duration of diabetes, there was a significant difference between VFPR values before and after puberty (P=.03). Also, a progressive deterioration of the blood-retinal barrier became apparent when only VFPR values after puberty were considered. Conclusions: These results support the view that the blood- retinal barrier remains stable until puberty, achieving a maximum of efficiency and protection. A progressive decline then begins, suggesting that this period of growth is associated with factors that, under the influence of diabetes, contribute to the progressive damage of the blood-retinal barrier. ER  - 
Loss of the normal relationships between growth hormone, growth hormone-binding protein and insulin-like growth factor-I in adolescents with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus; Objective - It has been proposed that the dissociation between growth hormone secretion and insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) concentrations in insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus arises because of partial resistance at the GH receptor. In order to explore this hypothesis further we have examined the relations between IGF-I, GH-binding protein (GHBP), and GH secretion En normal subjects and patients with diabetes during puberty. Design and Subjects - Blood samples for the estimation of IGF-I and GHBP levels were obtained from 104 patients with diabetes and 83 puberty matched controls. Thirty-four of the controls and 42 of the patients with diabetes also underwent an overnight GH secretory profile with measurements of GH every 15-20 minutes between 2000 and 0800 h. Results - In multivariate analysis using sex, puberty stage, and presence or absence of diabetes as dependent variables, diabetes was associated with increased GH levels (F = 23.04, P < 0.001), reduced IGF-I (F = 10.89, P < 0.001), and reduced GHBP levels (F = 31.36, P < 0.001). A negative relation between GH and GHBP levels (r = 0.44, P < 0.01) was found in normal subjects but this was absent in those with diabetes. Both GHBP and IGF-I levels in the diabetic subjects were correlated with total insulin dose (r = 0.4, P < 0.001, and r = 0.46, P < 0.001, respectively. Yet there was no direct correlation between GHBP and IGF-I concentrations. The variation in IGF-I levels was also related to glycosylated haemoglobin levels in the diabetics (r = 0.27, P = 0.01). In a stepwise multiple regression analysis insulin dose contributed 23%, HbA1 4.4% and C-peptide levels 3.7% to the variation in IGF-I levels. Conclusions - In adolescents with insulin dependent diabetes mellitus, the elevated GH concentrations are associated with low circulating IGF-I and GHBP concentrations and the normal reciprocal relation between GHBP and GH is no longer evident. Although IGF-I and GHBP are both related to insulin dose, there is no direct correlation between these variables. This may indicate that GHBP reflects GH receptor numbers but not necessarily post receptor events, and the weak positive correlation between GH and IGF-I indicates that increased growth hormone secretion may compensate for reduced receptor numbers. ER  - 
The status of the gonadotropin releasing hormone test in differential diagnosis of delayed puberty in adolescents over 14 years of age; BACKGROUND: In patients with delayed puberty with a bone age less than 11 years in girls or 12 years in boys, the clinical and endocrinological examination allows the differentiation of patients with the various forms of hypergonadotropic hypogonadism, but not of patients with hypogonadotropic hypogonadism from more prevalent constitutional delay in puberty. Therefore, watchful waiting is generally recommended for differential diagnosis in patients with delayed puberty. On the other hand, the late onset of sexual hormone replacement in patients with hypogonadism will worsen their outcome. PATIENTS AND METHOD: Therefore, we decided to carry out a retrospective study in 105 adolescents who were examined because of short stature or delayed puberty, who were aged 14 to 22 years at first visit and in whom the differential diagnosis of delayed puberty was documented after an at least one-year follow-up in order to find out which endocrinological parameters could have effectively predicted the final diagnosis already at the first visit. RESULTS: Patients with hypogonadotropic hypogonadism differed from patients with constitutional delay in puberty by lower responses of luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH) levels to gonadotropin-releasing hormone stimulation (GnRH, 100 micrograms iv) (p < 0.01) as well as by smaller testicular volume (p < 0.05) and by lower testosterone levels (p < 0.01). Stimulated LH < 10 mU/ml differentiated patients with hypogonadotropic hypogonadism from constitutional delay in puberty with a sensitivity of 82% and a specificity of 98%. CONCLUSION: In patients with delayed puberty aged 14 years and older bone age usually exceeds 11 years in girls or 12 years in boys. It thus is in the range, in which normal adult responses of LH to GnRH can be expected. In contrast to patients aged less than 14 years, therefore, measuring GnRH-stimulated LH levels in these patients allows the rapid and effective differential diagnosis of delayed puberty. ER  - 
Insulin-like growth factor I correlations to changes of the hormonal status in puberty and age; IGF-I is considered to be one of the most important growth factors during puberty. Information concerning its correlation to thyroid hormones (T3, T4), adrenal and sex steroids is limited to puberty and the elderly. The presented study included 455 subjects (among them 259 children) ranging in age from newborn to 100 years. Serum IGF-I concentrations increase from childhood to the end of puberty (2 years earlier in girls). There are close positive correlations between IGF-I concentrations and age, height and weight and between IGF-I and estradiol or testosterone concentration in girls and boys respectively, and the DHEA-S level in boys during puberty. Correlations also exist with T3, aldosterone and 17 OH-progesterone in boys and girls in the pubertal stages I-V and with T4 in stages I-IV. Compared to 20 - 30 year-old subjects IGF-I concentrations amounted to 59% after 60 years, 43% in men and 54% in women after 70 years and 29% after 90 years. It is suggested that increasing adrenal DHEA-S concentrations stimulate IGF-I synthesis and by means of gonadal steroidogenesis, increase the pubertal GH secretion and the further pubertal IGF-I increase. The low IGF-I concentrations in patients >60 years reflect the more catabolic metabolism of the elderly. ER  - 
A 40-year history of overweight children in Stockholm: Life-time overweight, morbidity, and mortality; We describe the 40-year weight history and adult morbidity and mortality in a cohort of 504 overweight children, aged 2 months to 16 years, who were admitted for investigation of their overweight to four children's hospitals in Stockholm between 1921 and 1947. Follow-up information was gathered by questionnaire at 10-year intervals, most recently in 1980-1983 (n = 458), on weight history (based on the body mass index (BMI = kg/m2)), as well as prevalence of cardiovascular disease (n = 143), diabetes (n = 39), and cancer (all types (n = 20)), reported during the 40 years of follow-up, and mortality from all causes (n = 55), determined from death certificate. The sample of overweight children remained overweight as adults; after age 55 years, the BMI began to decline for both genders. Female subjects were heavier than their male counterparts from postpuberty onward. Subjects who died by the 40-year follow-up and those reporting cardiovascular disease were significantly (P ≤ 0.05) heavier at puberty and in adulthood than were healthier subjects. There was a marked increase in the BMI between postpuberty and age 25 among those who subsequently died, those who developed cardiovascular disease, and particularly among those who developed diabetes (P ≤ 0.001). In contrast, those reporting cancer had a lower BMI throughout adulthood than those who did not. We conclude that overweight in adolescence may continue into adulthood and may be associated with subsequent adverse health outcomes. ER  - 
Adolescent body mass index and infertility caused by ovulatory disorder; OBJECTIVE: Our aim was to examine the association between body mass index at age 18 and subsequent primary ovulatory infertility. STUDY DESIGN: A nested case-control study was conducted within a cohort of 116,678 female registered nurses residing in 14 U.S. states. Cases comprised 2527 married nulliparous nurses unable to become pregnant for at least 1 year because of ovulatory disorder; controls comprised 46,718 married parous nurses with no history of infertility. The risk of ovulatory infertility for women at different levels of body mass index at age 18 was compared with that for women whose body mass index at age 18 was 20 to 21.9 (median for the cohort). Logistic regression was used to adjust for age at infertility or first birth, year of birth, age at menarche, physical activity during ages 18 to 22, smoking at ages 15 to 19, ethnicity, alcohol use at ages 18 to 22, use of oral contraceptives before age 22, and diagnosis of diabetes mellitus. RESULTS: Multivariate relative risks for infertility were: 1.2 (body mass index <16), 1.1 (body mass index 16 to 17.9), 1.0 (body mass index 18 to 19.9), 1.0 (referent body mass index 20 to 21.9), 1.1 (body mass index 22 to 23.9), 1.3 (body mass index 24 to 25.9), 1.7 (body mass index 26 to 27.9), 2.4 (body mass index 28 to 29.9), 2.7 (body mass index 30 to 31.9), and 2.7 (body mass index ≥ 32). The relative risks for all categories of body mass index above 23.9 were statistically significantly elevated. Greater body mass index at age 18 was a predictor of ovulatory infertility in women with and without a diagnosis of polycystic ovary syndrome. CONCLUSION: These findings suggest that elevated body mass index at age 18, even at levels lower than those considered to be obese, is a risk factor for subsequent ovulatory infertility. ER  - 
Risk factors for spontaneous abortion: A preliminary study on Saudi women; A preliminary case-control study was conducted on Saudi women to detect possible risk factors for spontaneous abortion (SA). Two hundred and twenty six consecutive women hospitalised for SA and 226 women admitted for normal delivery and used as controls, were studied. Women with SA were significantly older at menarche (Relative Risk (RR) = 3.2), more frequently married to blood-related husbands (RR = 2.1) and husbands older than 50 years (RR = 2.4). Number of previous abortions related linearly to the risk of aborting spontaneously in the next pregnancy. Compared to primigravidas, the RR was 3.2 if the outcome of the most recent pregnancy was SA, and 0.8 if it was a livebirth. A family history of SA was more common among cases (RR = 4.6). Spontaneous abortion was also associated with daily consumption of more than 150 mg of caffeine, abdominal trauma, infection and fever during pregnancy. No significant association, however, emerged with maternal age, social class, education, exposure to video display terminals, parity, use of contraception, diabetes or obesity. The application of these data in clinical practice and future research needs are discussed. ER  - 
Clinical utility of insulin-like growth factor binding protein-3 in the evaluation and treatment of short children with suspected growth hormone deficiency; We have shown previously that serum insulin-like growth factor binding protein-3 (IGPBP-3) levels have good predictive value for complete, but not partial, growth hormone deficiency (GHD). In this study, we compare TGFBP-3 levels in short children previously divided into groups on the basis of their post-stimulation GH levels. Complete GHD (N = 59) included those children with peak post-stimulation GH < 5 μg/l. The partial GHD group (N = 49) had post-stimulation GH peaks of > 5 μg/l but < 10 μg/l. The normal children with short stature (N = 103) had post-stimulation GH peaks > 10 μg/l. Partial GHD and normal children with short stature also were divided into either low IGF-I or normal IGF-I subgroups. The clinical sensitivity of IGFBP-3 for complete GHD was 92%, whereas its sensitivity for partial GHD was 39%. For partial GHD, among those with low IGF-I (N = 19) 68% were also low for IGFBP-3, while 80% of those with normal IGF-I (N = 30) were also normal for IGFBP-3, The clinical specificity of IGFBP-3 for normal children with short stature was 69%. For these groups, among those with low TGF-I (N = 22) 73% also were low for IGFBP-3, while 80% of those with normal IGF-I (N = 81) also were normal for IGFBP-3. In addition, we tested whether IGFBP-3 can predict the response to GH treatment in prepubertal children by comparing pretreatment IGFBP-3 with the height gain achieved by 1 year of GH treatment. The incremental growth velocity during treatment correlated significantly with the pretreatment IGFBP-3 SD score (N = 46 r = -0.80, p < 0.005). The baseline IGFBP-3 so score for all subjects correlated (N = 171, r = 0.51 p < 0.0001) with height. These data suggest that IGFBP-3 may reflect GH secretion status in most children being evaluated for GHD and that a low pretreatment IGFBP-3 so score predicts improved growth during the first year of GH treatment. ER  - 
Anthropometry and breast cancer: Body size - A moving target; Body size is one of the few breast cancer risk factors that can be modified throughout life and therefore should be considered in research on breast cancer prevention. The contrasting effects of body size on premenopausal breast cancer compared with postmenopausal breast cancer and the lack of a strong association between body mass and postmenopausal breast cancer in some cohort studies has led to a view that obesity has little influence on breast cancer risk. These conclusions are based on analyses that consider relative weight at one point in time as an adequate measure of lifelong weight patterns and their metabolic consequences. Recent research suggests that, compared to body mass indices, adult weight gain and increased central body fat may be more specific markers of the metabolic consequences of obesity and therefore may predict health outcomes more consistently. Adult weight gain and increases in central body fat, which commonly occur during menopause, have been associated consistently with an increased risk of postmenopausal breast cancer. The timing of weight gain also appears to influence breast cancer risk; increased relative weight and weight gain after menopause have been associated with the largest increases in relative risks. Overall levels of adiposity, increased central fat deposition, and weight gain are associated with alterations in ovarian hormone and glucose metabolism and in growth factors that may promote breast cancer cell growth. Data on lifelong weight changes and the location of fat depots may more precisely identify women with high risk patterns of sex steroid and glucose metabolism. Similarly, research is needed to determine if weight gain during periods of hormonal change, such as menarche, pregnancy, and menopause, have different biologic effects, perhaps because of differences in the location of fat deposition during these periods. Research also is needed on whether there are critical times relative to breast cancer promotion when excessive weight gain should be avoided. Data are lacking on the influence of weight loss or avoidance of weight gain on breast cancer risk or prognosis. ER  - 
Transient neonatal diabetes mellitus: A relapse after 10 years of complete remission; The follow-up study of a patient with permanent diabetes (DM) unrelated to islet cell antibody and anti-insulin antibodies and occurring 10 years after a transient neonatal DM episode is reported. A latent defect in insulin release was proved. It produced transient glucosuria during intercurrent illnesses and permanent hyperglycaemia and a decrease in growth velocity [with high stimulated growth hormone and low insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I)] at the onset of puberty. After insulin therapy was re-introduced, catch-up growth and normalization of the blood glucose and IGF-I levels were noted. ER  - 
Uric acid homeostasis in lean and obese girls during pubertal development; Serum uric acid concentration and fractional excretion were evaluated in lean (n = 67) and obese (n = 56) girls before and during pubertal development. In both lean and obese girls, uricemia gradually increased as puberty advanced. Obese girls were hyperuricemic compared with lean controls (prepubertal: 184 ± 83 v 130 ± 29 μmol/L, P = .007; Tanner stage II-III: 190 ± 53 v 178 ± 47 μmol/L, NS; Tanner stage IV-V: 232 ± 53 v 191 ± 53 μmol/L, P = .02). Fractional excretion of urate decreased with puberty in lean girls (6.46% ± 2.29%, 4.61% ± 2.48%, and 3.54% ± 1.84%), but not in obese subjects (3.74% ± 2.27%, 4.01% ± 1.90%, and 4.26% ± 2.26%). Urate homeostasis was similar in prepubertal obese girls and in adolescent lean controls. We conclude that an increased serum urate concentration occurring at puberty may be due to decreased renal clearance of urate in lean girls, and at least in part to urate overproduction in obese subjects. Obesity may prematurely evoke changes in urate metabolism usually observed at puberty. ER  - 
Final height in diabetic patients; Growth and pubertal development in insulin-dependent (type I) diabetic children, and their relationship to the degree of metabolic control have been the subject of controversy in recent years. A comparative study of prepubertal and pubertal growth in two groups of diabetic patients under different treatment programmes was carried out. Pubertal growth in both groups was also compared with the pubertal standards of Tanner. Patients in group I (n = 19), diagnosed between 1984-1985, at 4.7 ± 4.5 years, were treated with two daily injections of a mixture of regular and NPH insulin, received a balanced diet, and performed self-blood glucose monitoring. Patients in group II (n = 50), diagnosed in the seventies, received a single daily injection of a mixture of regular and retarded insulin, were exclusively controlled by urinary tests, maintaning 'security glycosurias', and received a free diet in which only highly refined sugars were restricted. Height, expressed in standard deviation scores (H SDS) was similar at onset in the two groups. Prepubertal growth showed a loss in H SDS from the onset until the beginning of the pubertal growth spurt in boys, being significantly greater in those of group II (p < 0.05). Only girls in group II showed a significant reduction in H SDS (p < 0.01 compared with H SDS at onset). The study of pubertal growth showed that, in the diabetics of group II, the intensity of the pubertal growth spurt, and in girls, the duration of the pubertal growth spurt, were significantly lower than those in diabetics of group I (p < 0.001 and p < 0.001, respectively). Similarly, the total gain in cm throughout puberty was significantly less in patients of group II compared to those in group I (p < 0.02). The final H SDS is significantly lower in patients in group II than in those of group I, due to a greater loss in H SDS before puberty, to a less intense pubertal growth spurt, and to a shorter duration of puberty. Our results suggest that an optimized control is necessary for normal growth in diabetic patients. ER  - 
Growth hormone secretion in children with normal variants of short stature; Pulsatile growth hormone (GH) secretion plays a central role in human growth during the prepubertal period of life. In order to investigate whether or not short stature in prepubertal children with normal variants of short stature (NVSS) may be explained, at least in part, by the presence of abnormalities in the pulsatile pattern of GH secretion, we have studied the spontaneous secretion of GH/24 h in 139 prepubertal children with short stature (≤ -2 SD) and normal growth velocity (> -1 SD) and in 37 prepubertal children with normal height and growth velocity. All of the subjects included in this study exhibited a body mass index (BMI) lower than 1 SD. The patients with short stature were divided into three groups according to their bone age and the existence of familial antecedents of short stature. These groups were: (1) familial short stature without bone age retardation (FSS-1); (2) constitutional, nonfamilial short stature, with bone age retardation suggesting further delay of puberty (possible constitutional delay of growth and puberty), and (3) familial short stature with bone age retardation (FSS-2). Spontaneous GH secretion was analyzed by using a computerized mathematical algorithm of pulsatility (Cluster®). In addition, in all of the patients with short stature, the GH secretory response to three different pharmacological stimuli was evaluated, including: clonidine, growth hormone-releasing hormone (GHRH) and hypoglycemia after insulin administration. The mean values of GH/24 h exhibited a wide range of distribution (1.4-7.8 ng/ml). No significant differences were found in the mean values of GH/24 h, the number of secretory bursts of GH/24 h, the maximum peak height of GH/24 h, the pulsatile GH area under the curve, the total area under the curve or the GH integrated concentration/24 h between any of the groups studied. Approximately 35.8% of the children in every group, including the normal controls, exhibited mean values of GH/24 h lower than 3 ng/ml. Nonextracted insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) serum levels were similar in all of the experimental groups. Furthermore, the mean level of GH response to insulin, clonidine, and GHRH was also similar in the three groups of children with short stature. No significant differences were found between the different spontaneous GH secretory parameters nor the GH response to pharmacological stimuli nor the nonextracted IGF-1 serum levels. In addition, we did not find any significant correlations between GH secretion and any of the auxological parameters studied, including: chronological age, height (SD score), BMI (SD score), growth velocity (SD score), bone age or the parental mean height. In conclusion, our results suggest that during the prepubertal period of life: (1) the short stature of patients with NVSS is not due to an abnormality in the pattern of GH secretion; (2) the mean values of GH/24 h in normal children, as well as in children with NVSS, show a wide variability and overlap with values from children with classical GH deficiency, and (3) the measurements of GH secretion, whatever the methods used, do not correlate with auxological parameters in nonobese children with NVSS. ER  - 
Parent-child relationships and the management of insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus; Several dimensions of parent-child relationships were examined as predictors of adherence to treatment and metabolic control in a multi- informant study of 88 children and adolescents with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus who were recruited from 2 endocrinology clinics. Ratings of parent-child discipline, warmth, and behavioral support were not significantly associated with diabetes outcome, but parent-child conflict was a consistent correlate of both adherence and metabolic control. Within a public hospital subsample, conflict was related to parent, child, and nurse ratings of adherence and to a physiological index of metabolic control. These results were partially replicated in a private practice sample where conflict was significantly related to parents' ratings of adherence and to metabolic control. Conflict accounted for unique variance in diabetes outcome beyond that associated with other measures of the parent-child relationship, but the relation between conflict and metabolic control was no longer significant when adherence ratings were entered into regression equations first. ER  - 
Biochemical markers of bone turnover in girls during puberty; Objective. Bone turnover and the rate of bone growth increase dramatically during puberty. A number of new assays for the estimation of bone resorption and formation rates have been developed over recent years, and puberty acts as a convenient model for evaluation of these measurements. The aim of this study was to explore the interrelationships between pubertal development, biochemical markers of bone turnover, insulin-like growth factor I and oestradiol in healthy pubertal girls. Subjects. Ninety-one healthy girls (ages 116.15.5 years) were studied. All subjects were apparently healthy, and were not taking medications known to influence calcium homeostasis. Breast examination was performed to assess pubertal stage according to Tanner. The adult reference range for biochemical markers of bone turnover was obtained from concurrent studies on 42 healthy premenopausal women ranging in age between 20 and 45 years. Design and measurements. Blood samples were obtained from subjects between 0800 and 1000 h. Urine samples were collected between 1330 and 1600 h. We measured total and bone specific alkaline phosphatase, osteocalcin, and type I procollagen carboxyterminal propeptide as markers of bone formation. Tartrate resistant acid phosphatase, carboxyterminal pyridinoline crosslinked telopeptide, creatinine corrected urinary deoxypyridinoline, immunoreactive urinary pyridinolines, and urinary galactosyl hydroxylysine were measured as markers of bone resorption. Results. Bone turnover as reflected by each of the markers was maximal in mid puberty (breast Tanner stages II and III) and decreased towards adult levels in late puberty (P<0.001). However, the magnitude of the midpubertal increase differed between markers. In particular, the pubertal increase in levels of bone specific alkaline phosphatase, osteocalcin and urinary deoxypyridinoline were higher than the increase shown by the other markers. All markers were significantly lower after the menarche. Circulating insulin-like growth factor I and insulin like growth factor binding protein-3 were not important determinants of pubertal changes In bone turnover. In contrast, there was a significant negative correlation between oestradiol and all markers of bone formation and resorption during puberty. Conclusions. The greater pubertal increase in levels of bone specific alkaline phosphatase, osteocalcin and urinary deoxypyridinoline suggests that these markers may be relatively more sensitive as indicators of skeletal health during puberty. The differences between markers may reflect differences in the bone specificity of the analytes, or differing mechanisms of production and clearance. The negative correlation between oestradiol and markers of bone resorption and formation suggests that this hormone may be responsible for the reduction in bone turnover in late puberty. ER  - 
Persistent microalbuminuria in adolescents with Type I (insulin- dependent) diabetes mellitus is associated to early rather than late puberty: Results of a prospective longitudinal study; Microalbuminuria is generally accepted to be highly predictive of overt diabetic nephropathy which is the leading cause of end-stage renal failure and, consequently, of death in patients with type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus (IDDM). Its early identification and therapy are exceedingly important. We studied prospectively the occurrence of microalbuminuria (MA) in relation to puberty and its pubertal stages in 164 children and adolescent patients (83 girls and 81 boys) with IDDM. Analysing 100 healthy subjects, normal values for albumin excretion (range: 0-10.1 μg/min/1.73 m2) according to sex and the different pubertal stages were defined. No significant difference between the groups were noted and, therefore, 20 μg/min per 1.73 m2 (3 SD above the mean) was generally defined as cut-off for MA. Of the patients with IDDM studied, 20% (20 females and 12 males) developed persistent MA (22.1-448.2 μg/min/1.73 m2) during the study period of 8 years. The first manifestation of persistent MA was in 69% (13 females and 9 males) during stages of early and midpuberty; and in 28% (6 females and 3 males) at a late pubertal stage or at the end of puberty. The only child who developed MA before the onset of puberty (range: 23.5-157.4 μg/min/1.73 m2) was found to have dystopic kidney. Therefore, all patients with IDDM should be screened for MA regardless of diabetes duration, sex and level of diabetes control beginning at the very first stage of puberty and neither earlier nor after puberty as suggested by the American Diabetes Association. ER  - 
Does early physical maturity influence breast cancer risk?; Earlier onset of menarche and tallness in adult women are mainly confirmed as risk markers for breast cancer. Recent disparate case-control studies have reported abdominal-type obesity and higher circulating levels of insulin, testosterone and insulin-like growth factor 1, to be further risk markers for breast cancer. There is evidence that abdominal-type obesity is recognisable in girls even before puberty, and disparate studies have shown it to be correlated with earlier onset of menarche, insulin resistance leading to hyperinsulinaemia, and an abnormal sex steroid profile. The implications are that earlier onset of puberty in a subset of girls can lead to more prolonged exposure of developing breast tissue to an abnormal sex steroid profile and also to a higher circulating level of insulin. It is postulated that these metabolic/endocrine concomitants of abdominal-type obesity could play a role in promoting mammary carcinogenesis at a young age, particularly if genetic predisposition is present. ER  - 
Insulin and growth in chronic renal failure; We studied glucose metabolism using the hyperglycemic technique in a cross-section of 23 children (15 pubertal, 8 prepubertal) with stable chronic renal failure as a possible cause of their poor growth. Linear growth was expressed as growth velocity standard deviation score (GVSDS). GVSDS correlated with glucose disposal rate but not with insulin sensitivity index in the pubertal (r = 0.87, P < 0.001) and prepubertal (r = 0.86, P < 0.02) children with chronic renal failure. Thirteen children were followed longitudinally during medical suppression of hyperparathyroidism with dietary phosphate restriction and high-dose phosphate binders. Following significant suppression of serum parathyroid hormone (PTH) levels back to the normal range (932 ± 240 ng/l to 199 ± 50 ng/l), GVSDS, glucose disposal rate and insulin secretion all increased significantly (P < 0.01), with no change in insulin sensitivity index and renal function. The changes in GVSDS correlated with the changes in glucose disposal rate (r = 0.86, P < 0.02) and with the changes in insulin secretion (r = 0.80, P < 0.01). However, the changes in GVSDS did not correlate with the changes in PTH. The hypothesis that insulin may be more important than PTH in the pathogenesis of growth failure in chronic renal disease deserves further investigation. ER  - 
Dose-dependent catch-up growth after 2 years of growth hormone treatment in intrauterine growth-retarded children; This study reports the results of a 2-yr clinical trial with GH in 95 short prepubertal children with non-GH-deficient intrauterine growth retardation. This randomized, double blind, controlled study compared the effects of placebo (restricted to the first 6 months) and two doses of GH (0.4 and 1.2 IU/kg · week) given sc 6 days/week for 2 yr. A significant GH dose-dependent growth acceleration was observed. Mean height gain (SDS/CA) was 0.66 ± 0.07 in group I (low dose, 0.4 IU/kg · week) compared to 1.25 ± 0.07 in group II (high dose, 1.2 IU/kg · week). Mean bone maturation progression (expressed in months) was 26.2 ± 1.7 and 30.2 ± 1.5 over 24 months in groups I and II, respectively. Onset of puberty was observed in some patients of both groups. Whether chronic use of a high GH dose will advance the onset of puberty remains to be established. A great variability of growth acceleration was seen among GH dose groups, suggesting that factors in addition to GH dose might modulate individual responses to treatment. In conclusion, it is suggested that in these patients, dose-dependent catch-up growth could be induced by GH treatment. ER  - 
Sources of variability of human plasma apolipoprotein A-IV levels and relationships with lipid metabolism; Plasma apolipoprotein (apo) A-IV concentration was determined by immunoelectrophoretic assay (EIA) in 119 nuclear families. No significant effect of concomitants such as age, weight, height, body mass index, tobacco, and alcohol consumption was observed on apo A-IV levels in men and in boys. In women, contraceptive use and hormonal status affected apo A-IV levels. In girls, only age influenced the quantitative phenotype. After adjusting by specific concomitants significant correlations were observed between apo A- IV levels and triglycerides, apolipoprotein A-I and apo B levels, suggesting a role of apolipoprotein A-IV in the hepatic lipid metabolism. Intrafamilial correlations were estimated to investigate the plausibility of a common family factor. The results obtained in this study showed a significant correlation between family members with the exception of mother-daughter pairs. Using a variance components model, the contribution of genetic and environmental factors was then investigated. Different statistical models were used and two major hypotheses were statistically acceptable, the first hypothesis supports that shared and specific environmental factors explain 35 and 65%, respectively, of the total adjusted plasma apo A-IV variation. The fraction of apo A-IV variability attributable to genetic factors was null. The second hypothesis supports that the fraction of variability attributable to apo A-IV genetic variation in 67% and the common spouse environmental factors are responsible for 33% of the total variability and no specific environmental effect was found. Among the two hypotheses, taking account of the metabolism function, we support the first one without excluding gene- environment interactions which could mask the genetic influence. ER  - 
Relationship between blood pressure and urinary albumin excretion rate in young Danish Type 1 diabetic patients: Comparison to non-diabetic children; In 1989 a nation-wide investigation of blood pressure and urinary albumin excretion rate (AER) was carried out in 506 boys and 441 girls with Type 1 diabetes (approximately 80% of total) treated at 22 paediatric departments. In addition a reference population from 1979 consisting of 663 healthy non- diabetic children (334 boys, 329 girls) served as a control group with respect to blood pressure and body mass index. Microalbuminuria was defined as AER of 20-150 μg min-1 in at least two out of three timed overnight urine collections and was diagnosed in 30 adolescents (16 boys, 14 girls). Five patients (3 boys, 2 girls) had overt proteinuria (AER: > 150μg min-1). Age-related percentile charts based on one blood pressure reading were provided for normoalbuminuric diabetic patients and the healthy control group. The study revealed an increase in arterial blood pressure during the period of the pubertal growth spurt for the diabetic and non-diabetic group. The changes were most pronounced for systolic blood pressure. No statistically significant difference was observed in systolic and diastolic blood pressure between normoalbuminuric diabetic children and healthy control children. However, diabetic females aged 15-18 years had significantly higher diastolic blood pressure (75 ± 1 mmHg, n = 139, mean ± SE) than healthy control females (72 ± 1 mmHg, n = 155, p < 0.01), and significantly (p < 0.001) higher body mass index (diabetic females: 22.3 ± 0.2 kg m-2 vs healthy females: 20.9 ± 0.2 kg m-2, mean ± SE). Boys aged from 15 to 18 years with Type 1 diabetes had significantly higher systolic blood pressure (123 ± 1 mmHg, n = 164) than girls (117 ± 1 mmHg, n = 139, p < 0.0001), while girls aged from 15 to 18 years had significantly higher diastolic blood pressure (75 ± 1 mmHg, n = 139) than boys (72 ± 1 mmHg, n = 72, p < 0.01). Among the 30 adolescents with persistent microalbuminuria, 18 (10 boys, 8 girls) had diastolic blood pressure above the upper quartile for normoalbuminuric patients, while 2 out of 5 with macroalbuminuria had diastolic blood pressure above this limit. By multiple logistic regression the only risk determinants for elevated urinary albumin levels were age and diastolic blood pressure. These findings suggest that elevated arterial blood pressure is related to the increased prevalence of microalbuminuria observed in adolescents with Type 1 diabetes. ER  - 
Growth during childhood and final height in Type 1 diabetes; The growth of 184 children with Type 1 diabetes was analysed using data collected prospectively in the Oxford district between 1969 and 1992. The overall mean height standard deviation score (Ht SDS ± SD) at diagnosis was 0.35 ± 1.05 which was significantly greater than the national standard of Tanner (1966). However, there is evidence of a secular trend in the heights of Oxford children over the last 20 years when compared with Tanner. When data from children with diabetes were compared with local controls, it was only the children aged 5-10 years at diagnosis who were taller (Ht SDS ± SD, 0.58 ± 1.14, versus 0.31 ± 0.90, n = 73, p < 0.05). Those diagnosed under the age of 5 years (n = 37) were shorter (Ht SDS 0.12 ± 0.93) and those diagnosed aged more than 10 years (n = 74) were similar in size (Ht SDS 0.22 ± 0.98) to controls. These differences could not be explained by social class. Loss of height occurred between diagnosis and puberty, particularly in those diagnosed between the ages of 5 and 10 years. The pubertal growth spurt was blunted in all groups but this abnormality was more profound in the girls (mean peak height velocity SDS -1.09 ± 1.02, p < 0.0005) than in the boys (mean peak height velocity SDS -0.5 ± 1.14, p < 0.025). The mean final height SDS was -0.74 ± 0.96 in those diagnosed < 5 years, 0.00 ± 1.26 in those diagnosed between the ages of 5 and 10 years and 0.09 ± 1.10 in those aged more than 10 years at diagnosis. Overall final heights were not significantly different from the mid-parental height SDS. It is of interest that those children who were diagnosed under 5 years had short parents (mid- parental height SDS, -0.39 ± 1.09). Height at diagnosis may reflect the heterogeneity of genetic and environment factors in the aetiology of diabetes. Growth following diagnosis is abnormal although there is no major impact on final height. ER  - 
Ocular complications in young adults with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus since childhood; A cross-sectional study in 80 insulin-dependent diabetic patients born 1963-1968 who experienced the onset of diabetes before 15 years of age showed that at a mean age of 21.6 (range 17-25) years and after a mean duration of diabetes of 13.3 (range 6-24) years, 80% of the patients had retinopathy: 70% had background and 10% proliferative changes. Retinopathy correlated with the duration of the diabetes and poor glucose control at 15 years of age but not with the actual level of glycated haemoglobin. The severity of retinopathy was worse in women than in men. One patient (1.2%) was blind. Two patients had had cataract operations and 66% had myopic refraction in one or both eyes. In 61 patients a further period of ophthalmological follow-up of 3-4 years was included. After 20 years of diabetes, all had retinopathy and 29% had proliferative changes: 33% had received laser treatment after 8-27 (mean 16.1) years of diabetes. Altogether, 2 patients (2.5% of the original series) were blind. For prevention of diabetic retinopathy and blindness, good glucose control from puberty and careful ophthalmological follow-up after transfer of the patient from paediatric to adult diabetes care play major roles. ER  - 
Usefulness of sequential urinary follicle-stimulating hormone and luteinizing hormone measurements in the diagnosis of adolescent hypogonadotropism in males; FSH and/or LH deficiency in the second decade of life remains difficult to diagnose with testing at a single point in time because of the partial lack of hormone as well as the dynamic and inherently variable aspects of the pubertal process. A longitudinal study of gonadotropin excretion, therefore, was carried out in 78 normal boys and 157 male patients, aged 10-28 yr, with relative or absolute deficiencies of FSH and/or LH. Seven hundred and fifty- five timed urine samples were extracted with acetone, concentrated, and subjected to RIA. The results from patient groups with multiple tropic hormone deficiencies or isolated gonadotropin deficiency were clearly different from those of normal boys and individuals with constitutional delay in puberty. However, multiple samples obtained over a 2-yr period and, in selected cases, until the late teenage years may be required to diagnose gonadotropin deficiency in some patients, even using stringent predictive modeling criteria. ER  - 
Posturally induced vasoconstriction in diabetes mellitus; In healthy subjects, standing elicits a reduction in blood flow to the skin of the foot. In adults with insulin dependent diabetes this posturally induced response is deficient, resulting in capillary hypertension when the foot is in the dependent position (that is, below heart level). Such functional abnormalities of the microcirculation in diabetes may precede any evidence of clinically detectable microangiopathy. This study investigates the posturally induced change in blood flow to the skin of the foot in prepubertal and postpubertal patients with insulin dependent diabetes. Laser Doppler fluximetry was used to assess the postural change in blood flow at the pulp of the great toe. Postural vasoconstriction (dependent flux value/supine flux value xlOO) was greater after puberty in normal subjects (median (range) 60.4 (7.0-164.9)% prepubertal v 20.5 (5.9-101.0)% postpubertal). Prepubertal children with diabetes did not differ from their healthy peers (69.8 (7.2-192.7)% with diabetes v 60.4 (7.0-164.9)% controls); however postpubertal children with diabetes had a significantly impaired postural vasoconstriction (40.6 (7.9-140.2)% with diabetes v 20.5 (5.9-101.7)% controls). Abnormalities in the normal reduction of blood flow on standing occurred in young postpubertal children with diabetes, most of whom were free of complications. ER  - 
Body image in adolescence: a comparative study of healthy and chronically ill adolescents; The following study analyzes the preliminary data obtained during a 4 year longitudinal study of 108 diabetic and 107 healthy youths. It was investigated whether chronically ill youths have a more negative body image of themselves than do healthy ones. Further it was studied whether the objective degree of maturity and the quality of the metabolic adjustment of the disease influenced the physical self image of the chronically ill youths. Diabetics were found to view their body as less efficient, underdeveloped and sexually less differentiated, for example. Menarche and pollarche were also viewed negatively. Poor metabolic control of the disease was accompanied by an especially poor physical self image of these young people. Sex related differences in the self image of youths were found only in the control group. Differences in sex are evidently neutralized by the factor disease. ER  - 
Empty sella in children and adolescents with possible hypothalamic- pituitary disorders; Several computed tomographic scan studies have described empty sellae in children with hypothalamic-pituitary disorders. Magnetic resonance imaging, however, is a more precise technique for visualizing the intrasellar content, such as the stalk and pituitary lobes. Using magnetic resonance imaging, we studied 339 children and adolescents (mean age ± SD, 12.7 ± 4.5 yr) with possible hypothalamic-pituitary disorders to ascertain the frequency of primary empty sella and examine its relationships with other intrasellar abnormalities, pituitary function, and adverse perinatal events. One hundred and ninety-three patients had isolated GH deficiency, 43 had multiple pituitary hormone deficiency, 10 had diabetes insipidus, 17 had hypogonadotropic hypogonadism, 5 had idiopathic delayed puberty, 47 had precocious puberty, and 24 had other hypothalamic pituitary disorders of hyperfunction. One tenth (10.9%) of the patients (37 cases) had empty sella, with a marked variation of incidences among the disorders listed above. A statistically higher frequency of subjects with empty sellae was found only in patients with multiple pituitary hormone deficiency. Patients with and without empty sellae were not different in regard to age or sex. The incidence of empty sella in the various groups of patients was as follows: isolated GH deficiency, 8.8% (17 cases); multiple pituitary hormone deficiency, 34.9% (15 cases); hypogonadotropic hypogonadism, 5.9% (1 case); idiopathic delayed puberty, 40% (2 cases); and precocious puberty, 4.2% (2 cases). No patients with isolated diabetes insipidus or other hypothalamic- pituitary disorders had empty sellae. In the patients with empty sellae, abnormalities of the stalk or posterior lobe were found in 1 patient with isolated GH deficiency (5.9%), 13 patients with multiple pituitary hormone deficiency (86.7%), and no patients with puberty disorders. Likewise, adverse perinatal events were found only in 1 patient with isolated GH deficiency and 9 patients with multiple pituitary hormone deficiency. These findings suggest that empty sella is not rare in children and adolescents evaluated for hypothalamic-pituitary disorders, particularly if there is multiple pituitary hormone deficiency. Empty sella can be found regardless of abnormalities of the stalk and posterior lobe, and adverse perinatal events do not seem to be the primary etiological factor. Empty sella is usually associated with pituitary hypofunction, but it can be found in patients with hyperfunction of the hypothalamic-pituitary-gonadal axis. ER  - 
Lp(a) concentrations and phenotypes in children with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus; Subjects with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) have an increased incidence of coronary heart disease. Several studies have suggested that Lp(a) levels may be increased in IDDM subjects, although these studies have been limited by the lack of information on apo(a) phenotype and urinary albumin excretion. We compared Lp(a) concentrations in 66 children with IDDM and 18 non-diabetic children; all were non-Hispanic whites and none had detectable albuminuria. Lp(a) concentrations (mg/dl) were lower in subjects with IDDM than in non-diabetic subjects (12.0 ± 2.2 vs. 20.0 ± 6.1, respectively), although these means were not significantly different (P = 0.276). Postpubertal subjects, particularly males, had increased Lp(a) concentrations relative to prepubertal subjects (P = 0.041). Higher apo(a) molecular weight was associated with decreased Lp(a) concentrations in both diabetic and non-diabetic subjects. However, apo(a) size was not different in diabetic and non-diabetic subjects. Lp(a) concentrations were not significantly correlated with glycosylated hemoglobin levels in diabetic subjects (r = 0.11, P = NS). We also found similar Lp(a) concentrations in postpubertal IDDM subjects compared with adult non-Hispanic white non-diabetic subjects (n = 208) from the San Antonio Heart Study, a population-based study. These observations do not support increased Lp(a) concentrations in young normoalbuminuric IDDM subjects. ER  - 
Diagnostic markers of permanent idiopathic growth hormone deficiency; Idiopathic GH deficiency is a clinically and biologically heterogeneous condition. We have attempted to improve its diagnosis by analysing the status of 52 patients, aged 0.1 to 17.5 yr, with GH peak responses after 2 pharmacological stimulation tests of less than 10 μg/L. Group 1 (n = 24) had certain GH deficiency because of pituitary stalk interruption syndrome, familial form, and/or microphallus and hypoglycemia. Group 2 (n = 13) had transient GH deficiency. The diagnosis remained uncertain in group 3 (n = 15). The control group (n = 77) had prepubertal idiopathic short stature. Growth failure began before 5 yr of age in 88% of group 1, 18% of group 2, and 33% of group 3 patients. The mean GH peaks and the numbers of patients with GH peaks below 7 or 7-10 μg/L were similar in the three groups. Levels of plasma insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) and its binding protein-3 (BP- 3) were significantly lower in group 1 than in groups 2 and 3 (P < 0.001) or in children with idiopathic short stature (P < 0.01). When the results of these two parameters were combined, only one patient with certain GH deficiency had normal values, but only one severely undernourished young child with transient GH deficiency had values below the lower limit for children with idiopathic short stature. The diagnosis for group 3 remained uncertain, even after spontaneous pubertal development (n = 4), as the GH peak was 4.5-10.7 μg/L and plasma IGF-I was normal in three cases, and BP-3 was normal in four cases. We conclude that certain GH deficiency is distinguished from transient GH deficiency by age at onset and plasma IGF-I and BP-3 levels. Many patients diagnosed as GH deficient had normal for age plasma IGF-I and BP-3 levels, indicating transient GH deficiency in many of them. ER  - 
Management of the short stature due to pubertal delay in boys; Boys with constitutional pubertal delay who present with decreased growth rate pose diagnostic and therapeutic problems. Ninety-one boys seen after the age of 14 yr for height for age less than -2 SD, growth rate less than 5 cm/yr, and pubertal delay were evaluated. The GH peak after the arginine- insulin stimulation test was less than 10 μg/L in 35 of the subjects; these boys differed from the 56 others in having a GH peak of 10 μg/L or more, their higher body mass index (-0.27 ± 0.2 vs. -0.85 ± 0.1 score; P < 0.05), and lower plasma insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I; 1.2 ± 0.2 vs. 1.8 ± 0.2 U/mL; P < 0.05). The GH peak correlated negatively with the body mass index (P < 0.01), but not with plasma levels of testosterone and IGF-I or its GH-dependent binding protein (BP-3). At a second GH evaluation, performed with testosterone priming (21 boys; 100 mg testosterone heptylate/15 days, im; four doses) or without (6 boys), 23 patients had increased their GH peak to above 10 μg/L, and 4 had not. Three of these were treated with human (h) GH, and a third GH evaluation, performed after full pubertal development, showed a normal GH peak. The growth rate during the year preceding the GH evaluation was 3.8 ± 0.1 cm (1-7 cm). During the year after the GH evaluation, it was 6.8 ± 0.3 cm in the 32 patients followed without therapy, 7.3 ± 0.3 cm in the 25 patients given testosterone (25 mg testosterone heptylate/15 days, im), and 7.3 ± 1.4 cm in the 3 treated with hGH. Spontaneous growth during the 2 periods was correlated with testicular volume (P < 0.01) and the plasma testosterone level (P < 0.05), but not with the GH peak, plasma IGF-I, or BP-3. The final height (n = 49) was -1.0 ± 0.1 SD, below target height (-0.4 ± 0.1 SD; P < 0.0001). It was similar in patients with a GH peak below or equal to or above 10 μg/L and in those given or not given testosterone therapy. We conclude that the growth rate of boys with constitutional pubertal delay depends on the testicular volume and plasma testosterone level, but not on the GH peak, plasma IGF-I, or BP-3 levels. Final height is not altered by a transient drop in GH or by low dose testosterone therapy. ER  - 
Prevalence and risk factors for retinopathy in adolescents with type 1 diabetes; Objectives: To establish the prevalence of, and risk factors associated with, diabetic retinopathy in an Australian adolescent diabetes clinic population. Design: A prospective longitudinal study; baseline findings. Patients: Two hundred and fifty-five patients with Type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus assessed by our service were studied. Entry criteria were: age 11.0-19.9 years; diabetes duration of at least two years; and gradable fundus photographs of at least one eye. Main outcome measures: The presence and severity of retinopathy, as assessed by the grading of stereoscopic fundus photographs. Possible risk factors assessed were age, sex, diabetes duration, pubertal stage, blood pressure, glycaemic control and total cholesterol level. Results: The prevalence of retinopathy was 42%; all of those affected had mild background retinopathy. Highly significant associations were found with glycaemic control and both total and pre-pubertal duration of diabetes. No associations were found with age, sex, pubertal stage, blood pressure or total cholesterol level. Conclusions: The high prevalence of early diabetic retinopathy in this group of Australian adolescents is comparable to recent reports from other centres. The significant associations with glycaemic control and duration of diabetes provide further strong evidence for the benefit of optimal glycaemic control during adolescence. Our finding that the prepubertal years of diabetes contribute to the development of retinopathy suggests that glycaemic control before puberty should also be optimised. The planned follow-up of this cohort will establish the risk of progression to vision-threatening retinopathy and allow risk factors to be further evaluated. ER  - 
Diagnosis of idiopathic growth hormone deficiency; Idiopathic growth hormone (GH) deficiency is a clinically and biologically heterogeneous condition. Its diagnosis is easy when the poor GH response to pharmacological tests is accompanied by hypoglycemia, microphallus, other pituitary stalk interruption syndrome on magnetic resonance imaging, but the diagnosis is difficult when the low GH response is isolated. Using the associated signs as markers of undisputable GH deficiency, we showed that some GH deficiencies may be distinguished from transient GH deficiency by age at onset, and plasma insulin-like growth factor I (IGFI) and its binding protein 3 (BP-3) levels. Growth failure began before 5 years of age in 88% of group with undisputable GH deficiency, and in 18% of group with transient GH deficiency. In the first group, plasma IGFI and BP-3 levels were significantly lower than in the second group (p<0,001), or than in children with idiopathic short stature (p<0,01). Among 91 boys with constitutional pubertal delay, 38% had GH peak <10 μg/l after stimulation. When these boys had a second GH evaluation performed after testosterone priming or after full pubertal development, their GH peak was normal. In conclusion, this study defines the markers of certain permanent GH deficiency. This group is essential to clarify the pathogenesis of this disease. In boys with constitional pubertal delay, the GH deficiency is transient in the majority of cases. ER  - 
Does the prepubertal duration of diabetes influence the onset of microvascular complications?; This study investigated the relationship between the development of diabetic retinopathy and pubertal status at onset of diabetes in 521 Type 1 diabetic patients diagnosed between 1950 and 1985. Pubertal status was based on age at onset (girls ≥ 11 years and boys ≥ 12 years). Retinopathy (all forms) developed in 112 patients (21.5%; 65 background and 47 proliferative retinopathy). For subjects diagnosed in either the prepubertal or postpubertal period, a similar proportion survived without developing retinopathy for any given duration of diabetes (χ2 = 0.3822, p = 0.54). However, if only the postpubertal duration of diabetes is considered, then the proportion of patients surviving without retinopathy was significantly less for those diagnosed in the prepubertal period (χ2 = 14.2, p = 0.002). This study suggests that the prepubertal duration of diabetes is an important phase and that the years prior to puberty do contribute to the risk of developing microvascular injury. ER  - 
The epidemiology of diabetes mellitus in the United Kingdom: The Yorkshire Regional Childhood Diabetes Register; A register of the incidence of Type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus in the Yorkshire region of the United Kingdom has been completed. A total of 1,490 subjects aged between 0 and 16 years were identified from 1978 to 1990, giving an incidence of 13.7 per 100,000 (ages 0-14) or 13.6 per 100,000 (ages 0-16), comparable to other recent studies in the United Kingdom. An age-period-cohort analysis shows evidence for a modest drift effect of 1.75% per year (95% confidence interval 0.28 to 3.25%). There is a marked epidemic pattern with peaks at 4-year intervals. The age-incidence curve is similar to that reported elsewhere, having peaks in early childhood and puberty. Girls have an earlier pubertal peak than boys. There is substantial seasonal variation in incidence confined to those over 5 years of age. Ascertainment is believed to be very complete, and is estimated to be 97.6% (95% confidence interval 97.2% to 98.1%). ER  - 
Androgen regulation of circulating insulin-like growth factor-I during puberty in male hypogonadal mice; This study aimed at determining the relationship of sex steroids, particularly in the perinatal period, to the pubertal insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) surge in male mice. We used hypogonadal (hpg) mice, which have a major deletion in the gonadotrophin-releasing hormone (GnRH) gene, in order to have a model lacking all GnRH-induced gonadotrophin and sex steroid secretion throughout pre- and postnatal life. Cross-sectional data on body weights and weights of testes, seminal vesicles, kidneys, liver and spleen from 9 to 77 das of age were obtained in male hpg, heterozygous (Hz) and homozygous normal (N/N) littermates (n=75-78/group). These data did not reveal any difference between Hz and N/N mice. Hpg mice had decreased body weights which by 70-77 days of age were approximately 18% less than normal controls. Testes and seminal vesicles of hpg mice did not demonstrate any significant postnatal growth. Relative to body weight, kidney weights were also markedly reduced in hpg mice (P<0.0001), deviating significantly from normal by 28-35 days of age, reflecting the impact of androgen deficiency on a non-reproductive organ. From the cross-sectional data it was concluded that puberty that puberty commenced soon after weaning (21 days) in the male and that maturity was achieved within 4-5 weeks. Longitudinal study showed that, compared with normal controls, untreated hpg mice had an exaggerated pubertal IGF-I surge (P<0.005) which peaked in mid-puberty. This, together with their reduced body weights (P<0.05), were normalized by treatment from 21 to 70 days of age with two 1 cm s.c. implants of testosterone (n=6) or dihydrotestosterone (n=7). There was no difference in IGF-I levels or in weights of testes, seminal vesicles, kidney, liver or spleen between testosterone and dihydrotestosterone treatments (P>0.05). Prolonged high levels of androgen also restored testicular and seminal vesicle weights to 40% of phenotypically normal controls, while kidney, liver and spleen weights were also significantly increased. The pubertal IGF-I surge in mice does not, therefore, require androgens in either the pre- or postnatal periods, and it exaggerated in androgen-deficient male mice and dampened to normal regardless of aromatization. ER  - 
Normative data for insulin-like growth factors (IGFs), IGF-binding proteins, and growth hormone-binding protein in a healthy Spanish pediatric population: Age- and sex-related changes; The normal values of insulin-like growth factors (IGFs) after extraction, their binding proteins, and the high affinity GH-binding protein are not well established in infancy or childhood. We report the relationship between serum IGF-I, IGF-II, their binding proteins IGFBP-1 and IGFBP-3, and GH-binding protein in 600 normal Spanish children who where divided into 5 groups according to Tanner stage: 1, 150 males and 102 females; II, 40 males and 42 females; III, 45 males and 45 females; IV, 42 males and 55 females; and V, 23 males and 56 females. Serum IGF-I levels increase slowly during childhood in both sexes, exhibiting a dramatic increase during puberty and a significant decline [P < 0.001, by analysis of variance (ANOVA)] during adulthood. The pubertal peak occurs approximately 2 yr earlier in girls than in boys. In contrast, serum IGF-II levels remain stable throughout childhood, showing no pubertal peak. In boys, there is a significant decline in IGF-II levels during adulthood (P < 0.001). Serum IGFBP-3 levels show a pattern similar to that of IGF-I, with a significant increase during childhood and a significant decline during adulthood (P < 0.001, ANOVA) in both males and females. In contrast, serum IGFBP-1 levels decrease dramatically during childhood in both boys and girls (P < 0.001 and P < 0.005, respectively, by ANOVA). A significant decline in serum GH-binding protein levels is observed between prepubertal and pubertal children of both sexes (P < 0.001). There is a close linear correlation between the sum of serum IGF-I plus IGF-II levels vs. serum IGFBP-3 (r = 0.724; P < 0.0001). In contrast, there is a nonlinear correlation between serum IGF-I vs. serum IGFBP-3 (concave curve) as well as between serum IGF-II and serum IGFBP-3 (convex curve). A negative correlation was found between serum IGF-I vs. IGFBP-1 (r = -0.51; P < 0.0001) as well as between the sum of serum IGF-I plus IGF-II vs. IGFBP-1 (r = -0.47; P < 0.0001), but not between serum IGF-II and IGFBP-1. These data emphasize that when these tests are performed in the clinic, their interpretation should be based upon age- and sex-specific criteria. ER  - 
Predictive value of age-related acute insulin response to glucose in subjects at risk for Type 1 diabetes: Results of a 6-year follow-up study from West-France; The acute insulin response to i.v. glucose (AIRG) was evaluated in 344 first-degree relatives of patients with Type 1 diabetes. In 318 relatives aged 3 to 48 years without islet cell antibody and insulin autoantibody, correlations (p < 0.0006) were found between age and fasting insulinaemia, fasting glycaemia, or AIRG, with a peak during puberty. Assuming that these relatives without islet cells and insulin auto-antibodies have a low risk of developing Type 1 diabetes, we provided a 'standard age-related chart' for AIRG with a 'low' AIRG defined as a value below the 1st percentile for each pubertal stage. Using these cut-off points, predictive characteristics of a low AIRG for progression towards diabetes within 6 years were analysed. Four relatives developed diabetes and one displayed impaired oral glucose tolerance. Four out of these 5 subjects had islet cell and insulin auto-antibodies, but the other one was negative for these markers. Three of these 5 subjects had low AIRG at entry (30, 24 and 1 month before diabetes, respectively). The two others displayed a steady progressive decline (p < 0.02) of age-related during the follow-up before impaired oral glucose tolerance and diabetes appeared (rate of decline: 15 μU/ml/year). Thus, independently of the presence of islet cell antibodies, the predictive value of a low age-related AIRG during the follow-up is greater than the single low AIRG at entry. Above all, the concomitant presence of both islet cell antibodies and low age-related AIRG during the follow-up strongly enhances the prediction of the disease, as compared to the presence of islet cell antibodies alone. Additionally, 4 islet cell antibody positive transient hyperglycaemic subjects without a family history of diabetes were prospectively studied. They rapidly progressed to Type 1 diabetes (3-14 months) with a low initial AIRG (3/4 <1st percentile; 1/4 <3rd percentile at entry but falling below the 1st percentile 2 months before the onset of diabetes). Finally, in all the subjects who subsequently developed diabetes (5 relatives and 4 transiently hyperglycaemic subjects) and in whom the time-relationships between basal glycaemia, oral glucose tolerance and AIRG were analysed in the short period preceding the onset of the disease, we observed that some subjects were still glucose tolerant at the time of the first blunted AIRG but already displayed fasting blood glucose values at the upper part of the normal range (>90th percentile of control subjects). This suggests that the loss of AIRG, and even the slight rise of fasting glycaemia, may precede the impairment of oral glucose tolerance. We conclude that the limited predictive value of islet cell antibodies can be overcome by a several-step procedure. As the initial screening method, islet cell antibody testing with a low detection threshold to maximize sensitivity, identifies individuals to which the follow-up of age-related AIRG can then be applied to strongly improve the predictive value. In subjects with a low age-related AIRG, determinations of fasting glycaemia and oral glucose tolerance could then indicate a worsening of the course and aid to predict the time to development of the disease. ER  - 
Sex hormones and the incidence of severe retinopathy in male subjects with type I diabetes; Background: Diabetic retinopathy rarely occurs before puberty, suggesting that changes in sex hormones may influence the development of this condition. Methods: The authors measured total testosterone, free testosterone, sex hormone-binding globulin, estradiol, and dehydroepiandrosterone-sulfate levels in 44 men with type I diabetes participating in the 1984 to 1986 re- examination phase of the Wisconsin Epidemiologic Study of Diabetic Retinopathy, a population-based study of diabetic complications. The mean age was 32.7 years, and the mean duration of diabetes was 15.4 years. Subjects who progressed to proliferative or preproliferative retinopathy 6 years later (cases, n = 22) were compared with subjects who had little or no progression (controls, n = 22). Both groups were matched on initial level of retinopathy. Seven stereoscopic retinal photographs of each eye were obtained at both examinations, and the photographs were read by the University of Wisconsin Reading Center. Results: Sex hormone-binding globulin concentrations (nmol/l) were significantly lower (reflecting increased androgenicity) in cases than in controls (22.4 ± 11.4 versus 32.5 ± 19.8; P = 0.04). No other statistically significant differences in hormone levels were observed. Conclusion: Neither serum testosterone nor other sex hormones were related to the incidence of severe retinopathy. The relationship to low-serum sex hormone-binding globulin suggests that increased androgenicity may be associated with the progression of retinopathy in male subjects with type I diabetes. ER  - 
The effect of exogenous and endogenous growth hormone on plasma growth hormone binding activity in prepubertal children; To investigate the relationship between plasma growth hormone (GH) and plasma GH-binding protein (GHBP) activity we studied the effects of exogenous and endogenous GH on GHBP in children with a normal response to GH stimulation. The effect of exogenous GH on plasma binding activity was studied for 12 h after the administration of a subcutaneous GH bolus of 0.1 IU/kg and during the first year of GH therapy. The effect of endogenous GH secretion on GHBP was studied by measuring the integrated concentration (IC) of GH and GHBP over 24 h by means of a continuous blood withdrawal procedure. We also measured the GH and GHBP response to GH provocative tests. One hundred and two prepubertal children, 69 males, 33 females, age 8.8 ± 2.2 years (mean ± SD), were studied. Eighty-one were short, < 2 SDS for age and gender, and 21 were of normal height for age and gender. There was no difference in IC-(GHBP) between boys and girls. It correlated positively with age and body mass index (r = 0.802, p < 0.001 and r = 0.340, p < 0.001, respectively) but correlated negatively with IC(GH) (r = -0.412, p < 0.001) and with height velocity standard deviation scores (SDS, r = -0.355, p = 0.001). No correlation of IC(GHBP) with maximal GH response to provocative tests, insulin-like growth factor 1 levels, height in SDS or growth velocity after 1 year of GH therapy was found. During a provocative test there is an abrupt increase in GH but no change in GHBP. A significant change in GHBP is seen after the subcutaneous administration of a superphysiological dose of GH at a dose of 0.1 IU/kg. During GH therapy, GHBP levels began to rise within 3 months and reached a maximum at 6 months. There was no difference in GHBP levels between the three protocols used (0.05 and 0.1 IU/kg/day or 0.25 IU/kg/dose 3 times per week). No correlation between GHBP and the growth response to GH therapy was found following chronic GH administration. It is concluded that the GHBP response to GH in children is dependent upon the duration of exposure to GH. GH therapy upregulates GHBP levels during the course of GH therapy until a steady state is reached at 6 months. ER  - 
Prevalence and risk factors of retinopathy in children with diabetes. A population-based study on Finnish children; The prevalence of retinopathy in children with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) was studied in a population-based survey on 194 of the 216 subjects (89.8%) with IDDM aged 4.6 to 16.6 years living in the county of Oulu, Finland. The diagnosis of retinopathy was based on fundus photography. The median age of the children was 12.2 years and the median duration of diabetes 4.5 years (range 0-14.2 years). Retinopathy was found in 21 (10.8%) of cases. All of the changes seen were mild and did not require treatment. All the children with retinopathy were pubertal or postpubertal, and an association was found between the presence of retinopathy and the long-term diabetes control, duration of diabetes, age and albuminuria. Logistic regression analysis showed increasing duration of diabetes, puberty and elevated blood glycated haemoglobin to be the main risk factors explaining the occurrence of retinopathy. In patients aged 13-16 years retinopathy was also related to female sex and diastolic blood pressure, but in logistic regression analysis duration of diabetes and glycated haemoglobin were the best predictors. ER  - 
Diabetic retinopathy in children; Diabetic retinopathy (DR), a severe complication of diabetic microangiopathy, is a major cause of blindness in children. Among 235 patients with diabetes mellitus diagnosed before 18 years age (mean age: 17.5 years) 39% had DR. Background retinopathy was found in 21% of cases, pre proliferative or proliferative retinopathy in 15% of cases and macular edema in 3% of cases only. The risk factors of DR were the duration and the degree of imbalance of diabetes, age of patients at the diagnosis of diabetes and also at the time of ophtalmologic examination. Regularly well balanced diabetes and also an ophtalmologic follow up of diabetic children especially during the puberty are of major importance. ER  - 
Plasma IGFBP-3 and its relationship with quantitative growth hormone secretion in short children; Objective. We assessed the relationship between serum IGFBP-3 levels with IGF-I and quantitative GH secretory status in poorly growing children. Design. We studied the relationship between 24-hour integrated concentration of GH, peak GH to paired sequential stimulation tests, UIGF-I and the IGFBP-3 serum levels. Patients. One hundred and two children (82 males, 20 females, age 11.7 ± 2.7 years) with short stature (height -2.6 ± 0.7 SDS) were studied. Measurements. Quantitative GH secretory status was assessed by the 24-hour integrated GH and by response to arginine and insulin stimulation. GH, IGFBP-3 and IGF-I were measured by radioimmunoassay. To adjust for age and gender, IGFBP-3 levels were converted to SD score. Results. IGFBP-3 SDS was strongly correlated with IGF-I SDS (r = 0.64, P < 0.0001), and weakly with peak GH (r = 0.28, P < 0.0004), but not with the integrated GH concentration (r = 0.07, P < 0.46). IGFBP-3 SDS increased with pubertal maturation (P < 0.0001). There was no difference in mean IGFBP-3 SDS in subgroupings of the patients based on the results of their quantitative GH tests. Conclusion. In short children, IGFBP-3 levels increase with puberty, are strongly correlated with IGF-I levels, weakly correlated with peak response to GH stimulation tests, but not correlated with integrated GH. Consequently, diagnostic classifications of patients based on quantitative measurements of GH secretion and IGFBP-3 differ. ER  - 
Urinary excretion and clearance of insulin in diabetic and normal children and adolescents; Seventy-two diabetic (38 males) and 86 normal (41 males) children provided timed overnight urine collections. Fourteen of the diabetic and 33 of the normal children had concurrent overnight plasma insulin profiles. Urinary insulin clearance in the diabetic subjects was compared with excretion of albumin, growth hormone, retinol-binding protein, and N-acetyl-β-D-glucosaminidase. In the normal subjects, urinary insulin excretion correlated with mean overnight plasma levels in the boys (r = 0.82, p < 0.001) but not in the girls (r = 0.32), and varied with puberty stage in the boys. Insulin clearance was greater in boys than girls during puberty, and fell in both sexes with advancing puberty. Insulin excretion was greater in diabetic than normal children in both sexes at all puberty stages. Insulin clearance was also greater in diabetic than normal subjects (1.05 ± 0.1 ml min-1 1.73 m-2 vs 0.48 ± 0.05 ml min-1 1.73 m-2, p < 0.001). Insulin excretion as a percentage of the filtered load was also greater in diabetic than normal subjects (1.9 ± 0.27% vs 0.85 ± 0.09%, p < 0.01). In the diabetic children, there was a correlation between urinary insulin and growth hormone excretion (r = 0.52, p < 0.02), and retinol-binding protein in those (n = 10) with higher retinol binding protein excretion (r = 0.76, p = 0.01). The value of urinary insulin excretion as a measure of free plasma insulin levels in normal and diabetic children may be limited by sex differences in renal insulin clearance, and by proximal renal tubular dysfunction in children with diabetes. ER  - 
In vivo and in vitro development of visceral adipose tissue in a nonhuman primate (Papio species); We determined the development of the omental fat depot in a cross- sectional study of 242 baboons from birth to mature adulthood. The triglyceride content of the omentum increased during preweaning (birth to 4 months) and adolescence (2 to 5 years) and was associated with an increase in both fat cell number and size. Between weaning and 2 years of age omentum triglyceride mass decreased as a result of decreasing fat cell size, but fat cell number remained constant. After adolescence and up to 13 years of age, omental triglyceride mass and fat cell volume were stable, but fat cell number increased slightly in female baboons. We determined the in vitro potential of omental stromal vascular (S-V) cells from baboons at different stages of development to differentiate in a serum-free medium. Both the proportion of omental S-V cells that accumulated cytoplasmic lipid droplets and the induction of glycerol phosphate dehydrogenase (GPDH) activity were increased to the greatest degree in the presence of 1-methyl-3- isobutylxanthine, 2.0 nmol/L triiodothyronine (T3), 0.85 μmol/L insulin, and 1.0 μmol/L cortisol. Omental S-V cells from preweaning and adolescent baboons had a greater differentiation rate, GPDH activity, and triglyceride accumulation compared with cells from postweaned infants and mature adults. In summary, most of the growth of the baboon omentum occurs during the preweaning and pubertal periods of life, and omental S-V cells isolated from animals during these periods retain a greater potential to differentiate in vitro. ER  - 
Breast cancer in men; Epidemiologic studies of breast cancer in men have provided insights into the pathogenesis and etiology of breast cancer in both sexes. Individual carcinomas from both the male and female breast are histologically indistinguishable, but histologic types of ductal origin occur relatively more frequently in men than in women, and those of lobular origin are very uncommon in men, reflecting the absence of lobular structures in the normal male breast. The same variations in incidence and mortality rates of breast cancer among countries and racial and ethnic groups that have been observed in women also occur in men, clearly indicating that the causes of these variations are not primarily risk factors related to being female. Risk of breast cancer in men increases with age, with no change in the rate of increase at the usual age of menopause; this supports the assumption that the midlife change in the rate of increase with age in women is due to the reduction in ovarian hormone production at menopause. Incidence rates of breast cancer in men have remained stable over time, suggesting that the temporal increase in rates in women is a result of either enhanced detection due to screening or changes in risk factors that are sex-specific. In men, an increase in risk of breast cancer has been associated with testicular pathology and dysfunction, and a decrease in risk has been related to high fertility, a history of prostate cancer, and exogenous androgens. These observations suggest that risk may be enhanced by low levels, and reduced by high levels, of androgens. Conversely, high estrogen levels probably increase risk of breast cancer in men, since risk has been associated with several conditions that may result in hyperestrogenism. These conditions included obesity, rapid weight gain, elevated blood cholesterol, gallstones, non- insulin-dependent diabetes, and chronic liver diseases. Studies of the role of endogenous hormones in the etiology of breast cancer in women have tended to focus on estrogens (71). These observations on breast cancer in men suggest that the relative levels of androgens and estrogens may be of etiologic importance, and that additional studies in women should include measurements of androgens. A history of breast cancer in a first-degree relative is associated with about a doubling of the risk of breast cancer in both men and women. Studies of breast cancer in men have confirmed results from studies in women suggesting that any putative breast cancer gene is not X-linked: Relative risks of breast cancer are similar in men with affected male and female relatives and in men with breast cancer in maternal and paternal family members. Also, as has been observed in women, risk of breast cancer in men is particularly high if their relatives developed breast cancer at an early age, and men with a family history of breast cancer tend to develop breast cancer earlier in life than men without such a family history. Although no genetic mode of inheritance has been positively identified, it can be concluded that it is likely the same for men and women. Ionizing radiation enhances the risk of breast cancer by about the same degree in men as in women who were irradiated prior to puberty. Also, as in irradiated prepubertal girls, irradiated men tend to develop their breast cancers after a longer latent period than women irradiated after breast development. There is limited evidence for a wave of increased risk in men following irradiation, followed by a decline in risk to that of nonirradiated individuals. If this observation is correct and applicable also to women who were irradiated prior to puberty, then this would imply that fewer additional cases of breast cancer will develop in such women than projected on the basis of lifetime enhancement of risk. Men occupationally exposed to electromagnetic fields have been shown in three studies to be at increased risk of breast cancer. Although a causal relation cannot be confidently inferred from these findings, they suggest the need for a careful evaluation of the possible role of electromagnetic field exposure in the genesis of breast cancer in women. The similarities in the relative risks of breast cancer in men and women in relation to such risk factors as a history of a benign breast lesion, a family history of breast cancer, and exposure to ionizing radiation, and the approximately 100-fold difference in absolute risk of breast cancer in the two sexes, suggest that breast cancer develops in response to various risk factors at a rate proportional to the number of cells at risk of a neoplastic transformation. ER  - 
Comparison between insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) and IGF binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) measurement in the diagnosis of growth hormone deficiency; To analyze the utility of insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) and insulin-like growth factor binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) radioimmunoassay in the diagnosis of growth hormone deficiency (GHD) we measured IGF-I and IGFBP- 3 in sera from normal children (n=309), short children (n=99) and patients with GHD (n=73). In 80% and 93% of classical GHD (cGHD), IGF-I and IGFBP-3 levels, respectively, were below the age-related cutoff levels (lower limit). In 81% and 88% of normal short children (NS), IGF-I and IGFBP-3 levels, respectively, were above the age-related cutoff levels. Thus, both IGF-I and IGFBP-3 were good parameters for screening GHD. In contrast, in more than half of partial GHD (pGHD), either IGF-I or IGFBP-3 was above the age- related cutoff levels. The poor discrimination between patients with pGHD and NS by using these two parameters may be the result of their relatively similar GH levels, as compared to cGHD, or due to the limitations of GH stimulation tests. In about 80-90% of NS, IGF-I and IGFBP-3 were above the age-related cutoff levels at all ages. A hundred percent of cGHD under 10 years old had IGFBP-3 below the age-related cutoff levels, whereas 79% of cGHD under 10 years old had IGF-I below the age-related cutoff levels. Thus in the younger age groups, IGFBP-3 may be more sensitive than IGF-I. It may be because IGFBP-3 levels are relatively higher than those of IGF-I in younger subjects. IGFBP-3 may be less sensitive for diagnosing GHD in older children than in younger children because IGFBP-3 levels may also increase during puberty by mechanisms independent of the GH-IGF-I axis. There was a significant correlation between IGF-I and IGFBP-3 in all the subjects. However, IGF-I and IGFBP-3 classified subjects differently in 25% of patients with GHD and 19% of those with NS. This may reflect differences in daily coefficient of variation in IGF-I and IGFBP-3, in assay sensitivity and in non-GH dependent pubertal effect. The other explanation for the difference between these two parameters in terms of above and below the cutoff levels is that it may be due to the limitation of GH stimulation tests in the diagnosis of GHD. ER  - 
Glycemic control and development of retinopathy in youth-onset insulin- dependent diabetes mellitus: Results of a 12-year longitudinal study; Background: In 1979, the authors began a prospective study of the natural history of retinopathy in youth-onset insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM). Their major goal was to determine if there was an association between glycemic control and the development and progression of retinopathy. Methods: The study consisted of 420 individuals with IDDM (onset younger than 20 years of age) and no retinopathy at baseline. Study subjects were enrolled between 1979 and 1988. Stereo color fundus photographs were obtained annually. Two eye endpoints were recorded: duration when retinopathy was first detected, and when proliferative retinopathy was detected. Glycemic control was assessed by quarterly determinations of glycohemoglobin (GHb). Life-table analyses were performed relating duration of diabetes, sex, GHb, and age of diabetes onset to development of retinopathy. Results: Retinopathy did not develop before 2 years' duration or before puberty. The prevalence of retinopathy was 50% by 9 years' duration and 100% by 20 years' duration. Retinopathy developed in females approximately 2 years sooner than in males, but plotting duration as postpubertal years resulted in nearly identical rates. Retinopathy developed significantly earlier in subjects with prepubertal onset of diabetes than in subjects with postpubertal onset if duration was plotted as postpubertal years. When separated into three groups based on GHb levels (<7.5%, 7.5%-9%, >9%), retinopathy developed approximately 2 years later in subjects in the less than 7.5% GHb group than those in the higher GHb groups. Proliferative retinopathy developed in 11 subjects. Their mean GHb level was higher than the mean GHb for those without proliferative retinopathy (10.9 versus 8.6%; P < 0.01). The higher the level of GHb, the sooner proliferative changes were detected. Conclusion: Long- term glycemic control is significantly related to both development and progression of retinopathy. Prepubertal duration of diabetes is a significant risk factor for the development of retinopathy. ER  - 
Auxologic data and hormonal profile in long-term survivors of childhood acute lymphoid leukemia; Purpose: Eighty patients, 50 girls and 30 boys 13.5 ± 4.09 years of age, on continuous first remission, were evaluated 7.9 ± 3.2 years after the diagnosis of acute lymphoid leukemia (ALL). Patients, Methods, and Results: All patients were treated according to current protocols. Cranial irradiation dose was 1,800 rad in 10 fractions for 50 patients, and 2,400 rad in 18 fractions for the remaining 30. The mean percentile and SDS for height were 42.5 ± 26 and -0.3 ± 1.1 for boys, and 37.8 ± 15.3 and -0.54 ± 0.9 for girls, respectively. The final height and the corresponding SDS was 171 ± 5.75 cm and -0.35 ± 0.8 for boys, and 158 ± 7.1 cm and -0.89 ± 1.1 for girls, respectively. Using skin fold thickness, obesity was observed in a high percentage of patients. The head circumference (HC) percentile was 36.8 ± 24 for boys and 40.9 ± 29 for girls, and was even lower (30.96 ± 25.5) for those who received a radiation dose of 2,400 rad. Menarche was earlier in girls with ALL than in normal girls (11.6 ± 1.5 vs. 12.4 ± 1.02 years). Testicular size was within normal limits, except in three boys whose size was at or below the third percentile. In two of them, testes had been irradiated. The mean thyroxin, thyroid-stimulating hormone, and prolactin values were within normal limits (8.6 ± 2 μg/dl, 2.6 ± 1.1 μU/dl, and 5.9 ± 4.8 ng/ml, respectively). The somatomedin-C values for patients in the prepubertal stage were 1.49 ± 0.85 versus 0.96 ± 0.6 in the controls (p < 0.05), whereas for patients in the pubertal stage they were 1.92 ± 1 versus 1.88 ± 1 in the controls. The sex steroid and dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate values were within normal limits. In a high percentage of children, follicle- stimulating hormone and luteinizing hormone values were above the normal range for their age, sex, and pubertal stage. The mean glycosylated hemoglobin values were normal. Conclusions: 1. Linear growth, although impaired in the group as a whole, is within the normal range for the majority of children with ALL. A small percentage of children have significantly impaired growth, and must be identified early and receive appropriate therapy. 2. Obesity is more frequently present in patients with ALL. 3. HC is lower than expected, indicating impaired brain growth, which is worse in children irradiated with 2,400 rad. 4. Menarche is earlier and the gonadotrophin level is higher than normal, suggestive of either hypothalamic dysfunction, subtle ovarian failure, or both. ER  - 
Tobacco, ethanol, coffee, pancreatitis, diabetes mellitus, and cholelithiasis as risk factors for pancreatic carcinoma; A hospital-based case-control study of pancreatic cancer was conducted in Athens in 1991-92. One hundred and eighty-one patients operated on for cancer of the exocrine pancreas in eight teaching hospitals formed the case series, whereas hospital patient controls and hospital visitor controls formed two independent comparison series. Cases and controls were matched by hospital, gener, and age in a 1:1:1 ratio, and every matched triplet was interviewed in person by the same researcher. Results indicate that tobacco smoking increased the risk of pancreatic cancer, whereas neither coffee drinking nor consumption of alcoholic beverages were associated with the disease. Diabetes mellitus, cholelithiasis, and pancreatitis were associated positively with risk of pancreatic cancer, whereas allergic asthma was inversely (but not significantly) related to the disease. There was a suggestion that earlier age menarche was associated with increased risk of pancreatic cancer and that parous women were at lower risk. No consistent associations were noted with respect to gastrectomy, other medical conditions or operations, birth order, height, weight, broad occupational groups, or other reproductive variables. The two comparison series were remarkably similar with respect to the whole spectrum of the study variables. ER  - 
Somatotropic function in short stature: Evaluation by integrated auxological and hormonal indices in 214 children; GH secretion was evaluated in 214 children and adolescents (age, 5-16 yr; 160 males and 54 females) with short stature (height, ≤5th percentile) by assessing mean spontaneous overnight GH concentration (normal values, ≥3 and 3.9 μg/L for prepubertal and pubertal subjects, respectively) and responsiveness to stimulation with GH-releasing hormone combined with pyridostigmine (normal peak values, ≥20 μg/L). Plasma insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) was also measured. According to their GH secretory status, children were grouped as follows: group I, 154 subjects with normal spontaneous and stimulated GH (43 slow-growing and 111 normally growing); group II, 39 subjects with low spontaneous, but normal stimulated, GH (27 slow-growing and 12 normally growing); group III, 18 slow-growing subjects with low spontaneous and stimulated GH; and group IV, 3 subjects with normal spontaneous, but low stimulated, GH. The following conclusions were drawn. 1) Forty-five slow-growing subjects (21% of the total sample) had GH deficiency; 27 (12.6%) belonged to group II (with a preserved GH pituitary reserve, denoting a hypothalamic dysfunction) and 18 (8.4%) to group III (with a reduced GH pituitary reserve). 2) Forty-three slow-growing children in group I had normal GH secretion but low mean IGF-I, which may indicate nutritional problems or a biologically hypoactive GH molecule. 3) The remaining 111 subjects in group I (52%), with normal growth rate, but low mean parental height, were considered as having familial and/or constitutional short stature. GH responses after pyridostigmine plus GH-releasing hormone were normal in all children with a normal growth rate. These findings show that besides clinical evaluation, the assessment of spontaneous GH secretion, GH pituitary reserve, and IGF-I concentration allows proper pathophysiological characterization of short stature. By this approach, the frequency of GH deficiency in our sample was higher than commonly thought. ER  - 
Efficacy and safety of growth hormone treatment in short children with renal allografts: Three year experience; The majority of children with renal allografts have diminished growth and reduced final height. Impaired allograft function and glucocorticoid treatment are the main contributing factors. Since recombinant human growth hormone (rhGH) treatment was able to counteract the growth depressing effects of glucocorticoids in experimental uremia, an open-labeled prospective study in 17 short children with renal allografts was designed to investigate the efficacy of rhGH therapy (30 IU/m2/week) with special emphasis on the safety regarding graft function and carbohydrate metabolism. Height velocity in prepubertal children (N = 10) increased from baseline median 2.2 cm/year to 7.9 cm/year after one year (P < 0.01), 7.2 cm/year after two years (P < 0.01), and 5.5 cm/year (P < 0.05) after three years of rhGH therapy. This resulted in a normalization of height in three out of seven patients after two years and in three out of five after three years of therapy. Growth stimulation in pubertal children was less consistent. Bone maturation paralleled chronological age. The effect of rhGH treatment on longitudinal growth may be partially attributable to the improved ratio between the serum concentration of the insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-I and its major binding protein (BP) IGFBP-3 leading to a normal IGF bioactivity. The incidence of acute rejection crises in the study group (corrected for time after grafting) did not differ from that of untreated retrospective 'controls' (0.10 vs. 0.12 episodes per patient and year). No systematic effect of rhGH on glomerular filtration rate assessed by repeated inulin and creatinine clearances was noted. The major metabolic effect of rhGH was a continuous increase in fasting and stimulated insulin serum levels up to three years, whereas glucose tolerance did not change with time. It is concluded that rhGH markedly improves growth of prepubertal children with renal allografts without obvious serious side effects within the observation period of three years. Therapy with rhGH may become a new treatment modality in short slowly growing children after renal transplantation. ER  - 
Endometrial cancer in postmenopausal women with and without previous estrogen replacement treatment: Comparison of clinical and histopathological characteristics; Clinical and histopathological features of postmenopausal endometrial cancer were studied in 63 patients who had received exogenous estrogens previously and in 76 patients who had never been exposed to estrogens. All treatments were primarily surgical. Estrogen users were younger than nonusers (P < 0.001). Body mass index, age at menarche and menopause, parity, and blood pressure were comparable in the two groups. Prevalence of diabetes mellitus was higher in nonusers (P < 0.01). Tumor stage was earlier (P < 0.001) and the histologic grade was lower (P < 0.001) in estrogen users compared to nonusers, and the frequency of clear cell and adenosquamous carcinoma was lower in estrogen users. Myometrial invasion was less pronounced in estrogen users, independently of grade and stage (P < 0.01). Number of mitoses correlated significantly with grade and with estrogen use. Features such as squamous metaplasia and 'foam' cells were not related to tumor grade or use of estrogens. The receptor content correlated inversely with grade but was not related to estrogen use. Duration of estrogen treatment was not associated with tumor stage and grade. Our findings support the theory that endometrial cancer of estrogen users may be less aggressive than cancer of nonusers. ER  - 
Perimenstrual symptoms in women with diabetes mellitus and the relationship to diabetic control; Four hundred and six insulin-dependent diabetic women completed a Menstrual Health Questionnaire published in Balance. Sixty-seven percent of women experienced changes in blood glucose levels or glycosuria premenstrually and 70% during the menstrual phase. Changes were more common in women who regarded themselves as suffering from premenstrual syndrome. Those experiencing premenstrual craving for sweet foods tended to have higher blood glucose levels or more glycosuria at those times. This may be a consequence of some women indulging their craving. Premenstrual symptoms were not caused by hypoglycaemia. When compared with age-matched non-diabetic women responding to a similar questionnaire, the diabetic women had a later menarche and, among those not on steroidal contraceptives, were more likely to report very irregular menstrual cycles. Among those regarding themselves as sufferers of premenstrual syndrome, diabetic women had less severe premenstrual symptoms than non-diabetic women. When women from these two self-designated diabetes mellitus syndrome suffering groups were matched for severity of premenstrual depression, differences still persisted in the severity of some symptoms premenstrually, raising the possibility that in some way diabetes may alter women's experience of menstrual cycle-related symptoms. ER  - 
Serum levels of insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) and IGF binding protein 3 reflect spontaneous growth hormone secretion; The relationship between 24-h GH secretion, insulin-like growth factor (IGF) I serum levels, IGF-binding protein 3 (IGFBP-3) levels and height was studied in 114 healthy children and adolescents (147 tests). A significant correlation was found between the spontaneous GH secretion expressed as the area under the curve above baseline (AUC(b)) or the calculated 24-h GH secretion rate (GH(b)) and IGF-I (n = 147, r = 0.65, or 0.78, respectively, P < 0.001) or IGFBP-3 levels (r = 0.48 or 0.62, P < 0.001). Correlations were also significant within the various subgroups [females (n = 51), males (n = 96), prepubertal children (n = 75), pubertal children (n = 72)]. The slopes of the regression lines of IGF-I levels vs. AUC(b) or GH(b) were clearly steeper in pubertal children than in prepubertal ones; this was not as evident with IGFBP-3. In prepubertal children, a significant correlation was found between height (compared to Swedish reference values) standard deviation scores (SDS) and IGF-I SDS (n = 75, r = 0.66, P < 0.001) or IGFBP- 3 SDS (r = 0.61, P < 0.001). The reproducibility during repeated testing (19 individuals, 6 prepubertal) was best with IGFBP-3 as compared to AUC(b), GH(b), or IGF-I which showed considerable variability. The data suggest: 1) that IGF-I and IGFBP-3 serum levels reflect spontaneous GH secretion in healthy individuals; 2) IGF-I levels are more sensitive to GH regulation than IGFBP-3; 3) in puberty, there may be increased sensitivity of IGF-I regulation by GH as compared to the prepubertal stage; 4) short children have low IGF-I and IGFBP-3 levels, whereas tall children have high levels, a fact which is likely to contribute to the understanding of height variability in a healthy population; 5) the good reproducibility of IGFBP-3 on repeated testing makes it an interesting parameter for the evaluation of the GH-IGF- axis. IGFBP-3 measurements may substitute for GH profiles in many cases, when the goal is an estimation of the GH secretion rate. ER  - 
Association of lipoprotein(a) with puberty in IDDM; OBJECTIVE - To determine serum lipoprotein(a) in a large sample of IDDM and control children and to examine a possible association with puberty. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - Serum lipoprotein(a), apoB-100, and apoA-I were measured under identical conditions in 170 Caucasian children with IDDM aged 12.3 ± 3.59 yr and 233 Caucasian control children aged 13.6 ± 1.12 yr. Patients with persistent microalbuminuria were excluded. Lipoprotein(a), apoB-100, and apoA-I were measured by nephelometry using a specific monoclonal antibody. Pubertal assessment was performed using Tanner staging and testicular volume measurement. RESULTS - Lipoprotein(a) was higher in the IDDM than control group (geometric mean 237 mg/L, 25-75th percentile 134-465 vs. 172 [99-316] mg/L, P = 0.0008). When analyzed according to pubertal stage, only pubertal and postpubertal patients had higher levels than control subjects (265 [148-560] vs. 174 [101-320] mg/L, P = 0.0001), with prepubertal patients showing no difference. Pubertal and postpubertal patients showed both higher lipoprotein(a) (P = 0.01) levels and higher albumin excretion rates (P = 0.02) than prepubertal patients, correcting for the other variable. Lipoprotein(a) was not related to HbA(1c), albumin excretion rate, duration, age, sex, mean arterial pressure, or a family history of premature coronary artery disease in the IDDM group. Lipoprotein(a) was not higher in patients with overnight albumin excretion rate above the 95th percentile but below the microalbuminuric range. ApoB-100 did not differ between IDDM and control children. ApoA-I was significantly lower in the IDDM group (1.04 [0.94-1.17] vs. 1.21 [1.10-1.31] g/L; P < 0.0001). CONCLUSIONS - Pubertal and postpubertal IDDM patients have higher serum lipoprotein(a) than Caucasian control subjects. Our findings suggest a rise in lipoprotein(a) may occur during puberty in IDDM. Longitudinal studies are required to clarify the relationship between lipoprotein(a), albumin excretion rate, and puberty. ER  - 
Prevalence of obesity in children in north-east Italy; This study was peformed to analyse the prevalence of obesity in children living in six different areas of the north-east of Italy. The study included 1523 children (749 male, 774 female), divided into four age categories (4, 8, 10, 12 ± 0.5 years of age, respectively). The physical characteristics of the children were measured by trained and standardized examiners. In accordance with the guidelines on the Italian Consensus Conference on Obesity (Rome, 4-6 June 1991), a child was defined as obese when his weight was higher than 120% of the weight predicted for height, as calculated from the Tanner's tables. On average, the prevalence of obesity was higher in males than in females (15.7% vs. 11%). The highest prevalence was seen in 10-year-old males (23.4%). The prevalence increased with age both in males (4 years = 3.6%, 8 years = 11.2%, 10 years = 23.4% 12 years = 17.3%) and in females (4 years = 2%, 8 years 13.3%, 10 years = 12.7%, 12 years = 11.9%). This tendency was maintained when calculating the obesity prevalence by other methods, such as BMI, triceps skinfold and fat mass, although the magnitude of the prevalence was different depending on the criteria used to define it. A consensus on more precise criteria to define obesity is needed for a better diagnosis of obesity in childhood and to allow a more reliable measurement and comparison of the prevalence of obesity among populations. ER  - 
Diet and endometrial cancer: A case-control study; A case-control study of 168 cases with endometrial cancer and 334 controls was conducted in Birmingham, Alabama, between June 1985 and December 1988. Cases were identified at the University of Alabama Hospital and in a private practice; controls were selected from among women who attended the University optometry clinic. A food frequency questionnaire that evaluated the intake of 55 nutrients and 116 foods was obtained for 103 cases and 236 controls. Logistic regression was used to evaluate the effect of diet on endometrial cancer after adjustment for total calories, age, race, education, obesity, smoking status, age at menarche, number of pregnancies, age at menopause, diabetes, hypertension, and use of exogenous estrogens. High intake of certain micronutrients was associated with a decreased risk of endometrial cancer: the odds ratio for subjects in the upper tertile versus those in the lower tertile was 0.4 for both carotene and nitrate (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.2-0.8 and 0.2-0.9, respectively). There also was an inverse association between endometrial cancer and protein consumption (trend test; p = 0.002), and a moderate direct association with cholesterol intake (OR = 1.9, 95% CI 0.9-3.7) when terms for both these macronutrients were included in a logistic model. Total intake of animal and vegetable fat were not associated with endometrial cancer. More frequent consumption of several vegetables and certain dairy products was associated, with a statistically significant decreased risk of endometrial cancer. These results suggest that diet plays an important role in the etiology of endometrial cancer. ER  - 
Familial hyperglycemia due to mutations in glucokinase - Definition of a subtype of diabetes mellitus; Background and Methods. Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) is a genetically heterogeneous disorder. Maturity-onset diabetes of the young, a form of NIDDM with an early age of onset and autosomal dominant inheritance, can result from mutations in glucokinase, a key enzyme of glucose metabolism in beta cells and the liver. We studied 32 French families with maturity- onset diabetes of the young as well as 21 families with late-onset NIDDM to determine the frequency and clinical features of mutations of glucokinase. Fasting plasma glucose concentrations and oral glucose-tolerance tests were used to determine metabolic status. DNA was isolated from lymphocytes, and DNA polymorphisms in the glucokinase gene were tested for linkage with diabetes. Individual exons of the glucokinase gene from one affected member in each family were amplified by the polymerase chain reaction and screened for mutations by analysis of the conformation-dependent polymorphisms of single-stranded DNA and by DNA sequencing. Results. We found substantial evidence of linkage between the glucokinase locus and maturity-onset diabetes of the young but not between this locus and late-onset NIDDM. Sixteen mutations were identified in 18 of the 32 families with maturity-onset diabetes of the young, but none were found in families with late-onset NIDDM. They included 10 mutations that resulted in an amino acid substitution, 3 that resulted in the synthesis of a truncated protein, and 3 that affected RNA processing. The affected subjects with glucokinase mutations usually had mild hyperglycemia that began during childhood, whereas in subjects with maturity-onset diabetes of the young not due to glucokinase mutations, hyperglycemia usually appeared after puberty. Conclusions. Mutations in glucokinase are the primary cause of hyperglycemia in a substantial fraction of French patients with maturity-onset diabetes of the young and result in a relatively mild form of NIDDM that can be diagnosed in childhood. ER  - 
Sodium-potassium pump activity in white blood cells from children with an increased risk of developing hypertension - The Odense Schoolchild Study; We have measured the capacity of the sodium-potassium pump, as assessed by 86rubidium uptake and the number of [3H]-ouabain binding sites on white blood cells, in children aged 9-11 years, partly cross-sectionally and partly longitudinally after a physical training programme. Children from a hypertensive subgroup comprising the upper 5% of the blood pressure distribution and children from a randomly selected normotensive subgroup were eligible for the study. In the cross-sectional study 40 children from the hypertensive subgroup and 40 children from the normotensive subgroup were evaluated. A significant increase in 86rubidium uptake was present in boys as compared to girls. After adjustment for differences in sexual maturation the observed significant difference disappeared. Important correlates of pump activity were height, plasma glucose, and physical fitness. In the training study 10 boys from the hypertensive subgroup and 10 boys from the normotensive subgroup were also evaluated after eight months of physical training. A significant fall in 86rubidium uptake was observed. No control group was examined and probably the changes reflect some effects of sexual maturation on cation handling of cells. These results indicate a significant effect of sexual maturation in capacity of sodium-potassium pump in children. ER  - 
The relationship of physical fitness to lipid and lipoprotein(a) levels in adolescents with IDDM; OBJECTIVE - Increased physical activity and physical fitness are recommended therapeutic modalities in addition to insulin and diet in the management of children with IDDM. The aim of this study was to assess the fitness levels of adolescents with IDDM compared with healthy control subjects and to evaluate the relationship between physical fitness and metabolic control. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - We studied 59 patients with IDDM, 28 boys and 31 girls, age 15.6 ± 2.5 yr, duration of diabetes 7.6 ± 3.5 yr, HbA1 10.6 ± 2.1% (mean ± SD), and compared them with 18 healthy, nondiabetic control subjects, 9 boys and 9 girls, matched for age, BMI, and Tanner stage. Physical fitness was measured by VO(2max) during progressive bicycle ergometry. HbA1 was used to determine glycemic control. Lipid profile included fasting total cholesterol, HDL, LDL, Lp(a), and TG levels. RESULTS - Patients with IDDM had lower VO(2max) levels than control subjects (33.7 ± 7.0 vs. 41.0 ± 10.4 ml · kg-1 · min-1, P = 0.001). Males with IDDM had lower VO(2max) than male control subjects, but diabetic and control females showed no difference. In IDDM patients, VO(2max) correlated inversely with HbA1, insulin dose, cholesterol, LDL, TGs, and Lp(a), but did not correlate with HDL, which correlated inversely with BMI. CONCLUSIONS - We conclude that the state of physical fitness is an important correlate of lipid levels and Lp(a) in adolescents with IDDM. We speculate that higher physical fitness levels in adolescents with IDDM may decrease the risk of CVD through modulating lipid levels. ER  - 
Obese children: Waist-hip-ratio and cardiovascular risk factors; In obese adults body fat distribution is more closely associated with cardiovascular risk factors and cardiovascular disease, type II diabetes and gout than the degree of obesity; the android, abdominal body fat pattern carrying more risk than the gynoid, femoral form. For characterizing the different types of fat distribution the ratio of waist to hip girth (WHR) is commonly used. The question was whether these facts can already be demonstrated in obese children. In the studied group of 69 obese children, aged between 3-16 years (x=10.8 years) with a mean of 47% overweight no correlations between percentage overweight and waist hip ratio could be found. Better correlations of serum triglycerides, total- and LDL-cholesterol, the atherogenic index LDL/HDL-cholesterol, fasting insulin level, oral glucose tolerance and blood pressure were obtained with percentage overweight than with waist-hip-ratio. HDL-cholesterol was the only parameter showing better and significant correlation with waist-hip-ratio than with percentage overweight. These results are in contrast to the situation in adults but are comparable with other studies in normal weighed and obese children, where correlations of waist hip ratio with body fat and risk factors were low in childhood, becoming higher in adolescence. Only after onset of puberty does waist hip ratio seem to be an indicator for body fat distribution and for possibly associated additional risk factors as in adults. For estimation of the cardiovascular risk in obese children, determination of WHR need not to be recommended. WHR neither seems to be an appropriate indicator of body fat and/or fat distribution in childhood nor it seems to be a better indicator for cardiovascular risk than the degree of obesity itself. ER  - 
The frequency and amplitude of growth hormone secretory episodes as determined by deconvolution analysis are increased in adolescents with insulin dependent diabetes mellitus and are unaffected by short-term euglycaemia; Objective: High overnight plasma growth hormone (GH) levels in insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) are reflected in both an increase in the GH pulse amplitude and elevated baseline GH concentrations. To determine whether these are a result of an increase in GH secretory episodes, we undertook deconvolution analysis of overnight GH profiles using previously determined half-life data. Design: Deconvolution of overnight GH profiles (2000-0800 h) was undertaken from normal and diabetic adolescents (either on their usual insulin regime (n = 15), during overnight euglycaemic clamp using a variable rate insulin infusion (n = 29), or during clamp plus 100 mg pirenzepine to suppress endogenous GH (n = 7)). Patients: Thirty-five normal and 29 diabetic adolescents of both sexes at all stages of puberty. Measurements: GH secretory rates were calculated from deconvolution analysis, and Fourier transformation was used to determine dominant pulsatility. Results: In diabetic subjects on their usual regime, there was increased mean overnight GH secretion when analysed by sex and by puberty stage compared to normal subjects; overnight GH secretion median (range) of diabetic group 1.88 (0.56-3.81) mU/min; control group 0.62 (0.32-1.92) mU/min (P < 0.001). Fourier transform analysis of these secretory episodes showed greater pulse frequency in the diabetics with dominant pulse periodicity of 90 minutes compared with 135 minutes in normal subjects. During overnight euglycaemia, mean ± SEM overnight GH secretory rates were comparable to subjects' usual regime night (1.82 ± 0.33 vs 1.91 ± 0.37 mU/min) and there was no change in the dominant pulse periodicity of 90 minutes. Pirenzepine administration in diabetic subjects significantly reduced overnight GH secretion from 1.57 ± 0.19 to 0.71 ± 0.80 mU/min (P < 0.001) showing a median (range) reduction of 63 (9.3-82.8)% when compared to the subjects' clamp night. However, dominant pulse periodicity was not altered by pirenzepine administration, and remained at 90 minutes. Conclusion: In patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus there is an increase in both the amplitude and frequency of pulsatile GH secretion compared to normal subjects, which is not affected by maintenance of overnight normoglycaemia. The anticholinergic drug pirenzepine appears to suppress the amplitude of GH pulse secretion but has no effect on frequency. ER  - 
Differences in serum insulin-like growth factor I and sex-hormone-binding globulin levels between late and early prepuberty in patients with idiopathic and organic growth hormone deficiency; It has been reported that growth hormone modulates serum levels of insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) positively and serum levels of sex-hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) negatively. We have measured IGF-I and SHBG concentrations in 24 prepubertal patients with growth hormone deficiency. Twelve of these patients had had intracranial tumors removed (organic growth hormone deficiency) and 12 had growth hormone deficiency of unknown etiology (idiopathic). Fifty-two prepubertal control subjects, admitted for elective surgery, were also studied. All prepubertal patients were divided into two age groups: older and younger than 7 years of age. In both groups there were patients with multiple pituitary deficiencies on hydrocortisone and/or levothyroxine sodium replacement therapy. In the age group younger than 7 years, serum IGF-I was not significantly different between organic and idiopathic growth hormone deficiency (0.28 ± 0.21 versus 0.062 ± 0.071 mU/l) but serum SHBG levels were different (74.6 ± 33.5 versus 173 ± 59 nmol/l, p < 0.05). These values were not significantly different from controls (0.47 ± 0.25 mU/l and 132 ± 47 nmol/l, respectively). In the age group older than 7 years, there was no significant difference between organic and idiopathic growth hormone deficiency in serum IGF-I (0.33 ± 0.17 versus 0.16 ± 0.11 mU/l) or serum SHBG (113 ± 72 versus 108 ± 17 nmol/l). These values were significantly different from controls (1.04 ± 0.36 mU/l and 68.7 ± 31.7 nmol/l, p < 0.05, respectively). It is concluded that serum IGF-I and serum SHBG are regulated by growth hormone in late puberty. In early prepuberty, however, the effect of growth hormone on these two serum parameters seems to be weak. This phenomenon could be related to an increase in the sensitivity of the cellular response to the biological effects of growth hormone with age. ER  - 
Reproductive, menstrual, and medical risk factors for endometrial cancer: Results from a case-control study; Objective: Our objective was to evaluate the risk for endometrial cancer in relation to reproductive, menstrual, and medical factors. Study design: A case-control study of 405 endometrial cancer cases and 297 population controls in five areas of the United States enabled risk to be evaluated. Results: A major risk factor was the absence of a prior pregnancy (relative risk 2.8, 95% confidence interval 1.7 to 4.6). The protective effect of pregnancy appeared to reflect the influence of term births, because spontaneous and induced abortions were unrelated to risk. Among nulliparous women infertility was a significant risk factor, with women having sought medical advice having nearly eight times the risk of those without difficulty conceiving. After adjustment for other reproductive characteristics, age at first birth and duration of breast-feeding were not related to risk. Conclusions: Elevated risks were found for subjects reporting early ages at menarche (relative risk 2.4 for ages < 12 vs ≥ 15) and longer days of flow (relative risk 1.9 for ≥ 7 vs < 4 days), but there was no relationship with late ages at natural menopause. Height was not associated with risk, but there was a significant relation to weight, with the risk for 200 versus < 125 pounds being 7.2 (95% confidence interval 3.9 to 13.3). After adjustment for weight and other factors, histories of hypertension and gallbladder disease were not significantly related to risk, but an effect of diabetes persisted (relative risk 2.0, 95% confidence interval 1.1 to 3.6). Hirsutism developing at older ages was also significantly related (relative risk 2.0, 95% confidence interval 1.2 to 3.4). ER  - 
Different frequencies of diabetic complications in insulin-treated patients with diabetes of comparable duration, in relation to age at onset of diabetes; Diabetic complications such as retinopathy and nephropathy affect the quality of life of diabetic patients. The aim of this study was to find out whether there are differences in the development of these complications associated with the age at onset of diabetes and the different effects of diabetes onset before, during or after puberty. Therefore, we tested the hypothesis whether onset of insulin dependent diabetes in puberty was connected with an increased risk of developing diabetic microangiopathy. We found a significantly increased risk in patients with diabetes onset in puberty up to a diabetes duration of 20 years if compared with diabetes onset before but not with that after puberty. It seems that diabetes onset before puberty delays the development of early diabetic complications and that changes of the hormonal status during puberty may be responsible for an earlier development of retinopathy. After about 20 years of diabetes there are no significant differences between the groups. Our results emphasize the necessity of early ophthalmological diagnosis and adequate metabolic control, especially in patients with diabetes onset during or after puberty, in order to prevent or delay the development of diabetic complications. ER  - 
Blood cholesterol, glucose and uric acid in school children and adolescents: Comparison of measurements made 5 years apart; Background. There are several reports on cardiovascular disease risk factors but, except for lipids and lipoproteins, there have been few studies tracking blood uric acid and glucose in healthy school children. Material and methods. Blood specimens were collected from 4,299 children and adolescents for determination of cholesterol, uric acid and glucose. The first samples were collected between 1977 and 1979 from subjects aged 4 to 17 years. The second samples were collected 5 years later. Results. The blood glucose concentrations increased before the age of 10 years; those of uric acid increased during the second decade and those of cholesterol decreased during puberty, to a greater degree in boys. Hypercholesterolemia (cholesterol > 5.9 mmol/l) was found in about 6% of boys and 10% of girls. Eight boys and 3 girls had blood glucose concentrations higher than 6.7 mmol/l at the first collection. 5 years later, the correlation coefficients by sex and by cross section of age were greater than 0.5 for cholesterol and uric acid and were about 0.3 for glucose. Conclusions. Successive blood values of glucose and uric acid are highly correlated; those of cholesterol are more highly correlated. However, the probability of remaining in the same percentile distribution remains below 50% for subjects whose initial values were above the 80th percentile. ER  - 
Usefulness and limitation of measurement of insulin-like growth factor binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) for diagnosis of growth hormone deficiency; To analyze the utility of insulin-like growth factor binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) radioimmunoassay for diagnosis of growth hormone deficiency (GHD) we measured IGFBP-3 in sera from normal children, short children and patients with GHD. The sensitivity (true positive ratio) of IGFBP-3 for complete GHD (cGHD) was 93%, while the specificity (true negative ratio) for normal short children (NS) was 88%. In contrast, the sensitivity of IGFBP-3 for partial GHD (pGHD) was only 43%. The poor discrimination between patients with pGHD and NS may be the result of their relatively similar GH level, as compared to cGHD, or due to the limitations of GH stimulation tests. The specificity of IGFBP-3 for NS was excellent in children of all ages: less than 10 years old (87%) and older than 10 (88%). However, sensitivity for GHD was good for children less than 10 years old (84%) but poor for children older than 10 (64%). IGFBP-3 may be less sensitive for diagnosing GHD in older children because IGFBP-3 levels may also increase during puberty due to mechanisms independent of the GH-IGF-I axis. ER  - 
Endocrine events prior to puberty in heifers: role of somatotropin, insulin-like growth factor-I and insulin-like growth factor binding proteins.; We have utilized active immunization against growth hormone releasing factor (GRF) to investigate relationships among somatotropin (ST), insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I), IGF binding proteins (IGFBP) and ovarian function in heifers. Active immunization against GRF (GRFi) has been demonstrated to abolish episodic release of ST and decrease serum concentrations of IGF-I. In initial experiments investigating onset of puberty, breeds of heifers differing in growth rate and reproductive traits (Angus, Charolais and Simmental) were immunized against GRF or served as controls (immunized against carrier protein, human serum albumin, HSAi). GRFi decreased rate of muscle and skeletal growth, but increased deposition of adipose tissue. In Angus and Charolais, but not Simmental heifers, GRFi at 6 mo of age significantly delayed onset of puberty beyond 18 mo of age. Retrospective analyses of serum IGF-I revealed that GRFi heifers reaching puberty at a normal age had greater pre-treatment (6 mo of age) IGF-I than GRFi heifers in which puberty was delayed. Collectively, these results strongly indicate that the bovine hypothalamic-hypophyseal-ovarian axis is particularly sensitive to changes in metabolism at or near 6 mo of age. Another series of experiments tested the hypothesis that lowering serum IGF-I via GRFi initially at 3 mo of age would increase the percentage of Angus and Simmental heifers not reaching puberty. Three mo old Angus and Simmental heifers were assigned to GRFi (n = 18), HSAi (n = 14) or received no treatment (controls, n = 16). HSAi and GRFi heifers were unilaterally ovariectomized (ULO) at 6 mo of age. As anticipated, GRFi at a younger age increased percentage of heifers not reaching puberty; over 75% of control and HSAi heifers reached puberty by 14 mo of age compared to 22% of GRFi heifers. Serum and follicular fluid (FFL; follicles < or = 4 mm) concentrations of IGF-I were suppressed by GRFi. Serum, but not FFL concentrations of IGF binding protein-2 (IGFBP-2) were greater in GRFi than in HSAi heifers. GRFi delayed puberty apparently by suppressing follicular growth because number of follicles < or = 7 mm was significantly lower in GRFi than in HSAi heifers. In conclusion, active immunization against GRF at 3 or 6 months of age delays puberty in beef heifers. Delayed puberty was preceded by suppression of follicular growth, and decreased concentrations of IGF-I in serum and follicular fluid.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 400 WORDS) ER  - 
A nationwide cross-sectional study of retinopathy and microalbuminuria in young Norwegian Type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetic patients; A nationwide cohort of Type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetic patients was studied to determine the prevalence of retinopathy and microalbuminuria and to evaluate the association to various risk factors. Of 600 subjects with mean age of 19.8 years (range 8.0-30.3) and a median duration of diabetes of 10.5 years (range 6.2-17.3), 371 (60%) volunteered for a clinical examination which included fundus photography, timed overnight urine samples for albumin excretion rate, measurement of arterial blood pressure and determination of HbA(1c). Retinopathy was found in 122 of 371 patients (32.8%), in 3 of 41 (7.3%) patients aged less than 13 years. The youngest subject with retinopathy was 9.6 years old. Microalbuminuria was found in 44 of 351 patients (12.5%), in 1 of 41 (2.4%) patients aged less than 13 years. The youngest subject with microalbuminuria was 11.5 years old. Mean HbA(1c) was 8.6% (normal range 4.5-6.1%). Patients with retinopathy had significantly higher man age (p = 0.0001), longer mean duration of diabetes (p = 0.0001), higher mean HbA(1c) (p = 0.009), and higher mean arterial blood pressure (p = 0.0001) compared to patients without retiopathy. In microalbuminuric patients HbA(1c) (p = 0.0001) and mean arterial blood pressure (p = 0.01) were significantly higher compared to non-microalbuminuric patients, but there was no difference in age or diabetes duration. In a multiple logistic regression model, age, HbA(1c), duration of diabetes and mean arterial blood pressure were found to be significantly associated with retinopathy, while HbA(1c), mean arterial blood pressure and onset before 13.0 years of age were found to be associated with microalbuminuria. The prevalence of retinopathy and microalbuminuria was relatively low. Both retinopathy and microalbuminuria were strongly associated with blood glucose control and developed at prepubertal age in some patients. The findings indicate that more intense optimization of blood glucose control in children and adolescents with Type 1 diabetes is warranted. ER  - 
Insulin and growth factors adaptation to normal puberty; Insulin and IGF-1 production were measured throughout childhood and puberty and into adult life. Basal insulin and IGF-1 secretion increased during puberty, falling back to prepubertal levels in adulthood. However, fasting glucose levels remained constant, implying an increase in tissue resistance to insulin coinciding with puberty. ER  - 
Steroidal and non-steroidal factors in plasma sex hormone binding globulin regulation; Sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG) is a specific steroid-binding plasma glycoprotein regulated by several factors. Sex steroids are currently considered to be the main physiological regulators of this protein. SHBG levels, in fact, increase during estrogen treatment and decrease after androgen administration. It is well known, however, that in many physiological and pathological conditions SHBG concentrations cannot be explained only on the basis of steroidal control mechanisms. The regulation of SHBG levels is in fact more complex and other factors can also affect its plasma values. Between the steroidal factors our attention was focused on the role of androgens, of glandular and peripheral origin, in their capacity to lower SHBG plasma levels. We studied hyperandrogenic conditions in prepubertal (65 subjects with precocious adrenarche and 16 girls with prepubertal hypertrichosis, aged between 4 and 8 years) and in adult age (51 hirsute patients aged between 14-35 years and 51 acneic patients aged between 15-40 years). The effects of dexamethasone and ACTH administration on SHBG plasma levels were also evaluated. The results obtained showed that in adult hyperandrogenic patients SHBG levels, significantly lower than in controls, were not always inversely correlated with androgen levels, which, on the contrary, were higher than in controls. In patients with precocious adrenarche we found an inverse correlation only between SHBG, which was significantly lower than normal, and body mass index or bone age but not with androgens, suggesting that in this condition other factors may be more relevant than steroids in SHBG regulation. Between the non-steroidal factors our attention focused on insulin. We studied 40 non-obese hyperandrogenic patients with or without ultrasonographic evidence of polycystic ovaries, aged 18-39 years, and 35 obese patients, aged 19-37 years, with or without hyperandrogenism or evidence of PCO. Low levels of SHBG were found not only in hyperandrogenic obese patients but also in obese patients with normal androgens. It is possible to conclude that (I) several factors (calorie intake, energy balance and growth factors), other than steroids, may be involved in the regulation of SHBG levels in plasma; and (2) each regulating factor may act to a different extent depending on the various periods of the life cycle. ER  - 
Endocrine disorders in 66 suprasellar and pineal tumors of patients with prepubertal and pubertal ages; Tumor oncotypes, initial symptoms and endocrine disturbances before and/or 1 month after surgery were studied in 66 patients with prepubertal and pubertal ages having suprasellar or pineal intracranial tumors. Neoplasms found in patients of prepubertal age were: 15 craniopharyngiomas (CRA), 24 neuroepithelial-cell-derived tumors (NEC), 5 germ cell tumors (GERM) and 4 other lesions (OTHER). In patients of pubertal age, there were 7 CRA, 7 pituitary tumors (PIT), 2 NEC, 1 GERM and 1 OTHER. Approximately 90% of patients had visual abnormalities as one of the initial signs and symptoms, while 59 % had increased intracranial pressure. Short stature was observed in only 10% of patients. Before surgery, somatotropic function was found to be deficient (by 2 pharmacological tests) in 90-100 % of patients with CRA, PIT or GERM and in 40 % of patients with NEC. Overt hypothyroidism was found in 5-25% of CRA, NEC or GERM but in 40% of PIT. Abnormal TSH responses to TRH were observed in 64% of CRA and in 29% of NEC. Low basal serum cortisol was found in 21 or 6 % of patients with CRA or NEC, but in 100 or 60 % of patients with PIT or GERM, respectively. Diabetes insipidus was diagnosed in 13.6% of all patients. Surgery produced few additional disturbances in endocrine function, except for the incidence of diabetes insipidus which was doubled. Gonadotropic deficiency was found in most patients of pubertal age with CRA and PIT. They were readily differentiated by the high prolactin or growth hormone (GH) levels of the latter. This study shows that: (1) CRA and NEC in the prepubertal age group, and CRA and PIT in the pubertal age group were the most frequent tumor oncotypes found; (2) visual abnormalities are the most frequent initial signs; (3) endocrine disturbances are highly frequent before surgery, while surgical intervention had little effect in increasing endocrine morbidity; (4) NEC, even though producing less endocrine dysfunctions than other tumor types, are an important etiology of endocrine sequelae because of their high relative frequency in children with prepubertal age. ER  - 
Periodontal status in insulin-dependent diabetic adolescents.; A cross-sectional study was designed to evaluate the periodontal status of 85 12-18 year-old French adolescents with insulin-dependent diabetes (IDDM) and 38 healthy controls in the same age group. The clinical examination consisted of plaque control and gingival inflammation evaluation and probing attachment level. The interproximal marginal bone level was assessed with bitewing radiographs taken on the first molars and on areas presenting an attachment loss over 2 mm. Diabetic children had significantly more gingival inflammation than children without diabetes, in spite of similar plaque scores. No significant relation between gingival condition and age, Tanner's index, HbAlc level or disease duration could be demonstrated. None of the subjects had sites with attachment loss > or = 3 mm or radiographic signs of periodontitis. ER  - 
Assessment of growth hormone (GH) axis in Turner's syndrome using 24-hour integrated concentrations of GH, insulin-like growth factor-I, plasma GH- binding activity, GH binding to IM9 cells, and GH response to pharmacological stimulation; The GH axis was studied in Turner's syndrome (TS) patients. Thirty-seven prepubertal TS patients and 42 normally growing girls (NGG; 5.5-16.3 yr old), of whom 13 were prepubertal, were studied by 24-h continuous blood withdrawal and provocative tests. The 24-h integrated concentrations of GH (IC-GH), FSH (IC-FSH), and insulin-like growth factor-I (IC-IGF-I) as well as the IC-IGF- I/IC-GH ratio were determined. An increase in IC-GH with age and progression of puberty was found in NGG, but not in TS. IC-GH in the NGG was significantly higher than that in age-matched TS patients. Estrogen replacement therapy normalized IC-GH levels in 6 TS patients in whom these levels were subnormal for age. A positive correlation between IC-GH and IC- FSH or IC-estradiol was found in NGG (r = 0.462; P < 0.01), but not in TS patients. The IC-IGF-I/IC-GH ratio was significantly higher in the TS than in the NGG group. Serum GH-binding activity and serum GH binding to IM9 cells in the TS group did not differ from those in the normal group. We hypothesize that the growth retardation of TS results from a combination of insufficient GH secretion, mainly due to sex steroid deficiency, and an end-organ resistance to IGF-I. IGF-I receptor studies are needed to test this speculation about IGF-I resistence. ER  - 
Epidemiology of menarche and menstrual disturbances in an unselected group of women with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus compared to controls; To describe the age at menarche and the prevalence of menstrual disturbances in an unselected group of women with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus compared to controls, we identified all women having debut of diabetes mellitus before the age of 30 yr and living in the County of Funen, Denmark on July 1, 1987 and being between 18 and 49 yr old. The women received a structured questionnaire inquiring information concerning menstrual conditions. An age comparable group of nondiabetic women was used as controls; 245 (94%) diabetic women and 253 (88%) controls answered the questionnaire. Among women with debut of diabetes before the age of 10 yr, the age at menarche was delayed 1 yr when comparing to controls (P < 0.0001). During the past 6 months before answering the questionnaire, 8.2% of the diabetic women and 2.8% of the controls had experienced episodes of secondary amenorrhea (P < 0.01). Corresponding figures for oligomenorrhea were 10.6% and 4.8% (P < 0.02), for polymenorrhea 7.3% and 5.2% (NS), and for all types of menstrual disturbances 21.6% and 10.8%, respectively (P < 0.005). Episodes of secondary amenorrhea occurring more than 6 months before answering the questionnaire had been experienced by 10.7% of the diabetic population vs. 4.8% of the controls (P < 0.05); corresponding figures for primary amenorrhea were 4.9% and 1.2%, respectively (P < 0.05). We conclude that the age at menarche among women having developed insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus before the age of 10 yr was delayed by 1 yr when compared to controls. The overall prevalence of menstrual disturbances is increased in diabetic women compared to nondiabetic controls. ER  - 
Steroid hormones during puberty: Racial (black-white) differences in androstenedione and estradiol - The Bogalusa Heart Study; A large biracial cross-section of 1038 healthy children aged 6-18 yr with 519 blacks, 519 whites, 678 males, and 360 females was evaluated for Tanner stage and serum levels of androstenedione, dehydroepiandrosterone-sulfate, estradiol, progesterone, and testosterone. The anthropometric values of the blacks and whites were very similar at each Tanner stage with only minor differences in age, height, and weight related to an earlier onset of puberty in blacks. The hormones dehydroepiandrosterone-sulfate, progesterone, and testosterone did not exhibit any racial differences. Estradiol showed a significantly higher level among black males compared to white males (P ≤ 0.05) whereas androstenedione was significantly higher in both white males (P = 0.0001) and females (P ≤ 0.01) compared with blacks. Many hormones are known to effect insulin resistance and others have reported a correlation between insulin levels and androstenedione. Blacks suffer disproportionately from diabetes. Since puberty is a time of dramatic changes in insulin resistance, racial (black-white) differences in steroid hormone changes were explored. This study shows that a racial difference in androstenedione levels exist during puberty, at a time when racial differences in insulin resistance are becoming manifest. ER  - 
Incidence of pediatric diabetes mellitus in Austria--results of a prospective study 1989-1990; The mean annual incidence of childhood diabetes mellitus (0-14 years of age) in Austria was 7,713 cases per 100,000 during 1989-1990. The manifestation rate in boys was insignificantly higher than in girls and the age distribution showed an increase up to an incidence peak around puberty. Typical seasonal variation with the highest incidence in autumn and winter could be demonstrated and the incidence in eastern parts of Austria seemed to be higher than in Vorarlberg. ER  - 
Serum levels of growth hormone-binding protein and insulin-like growth factor-I during puberty; Objective. The aim was to investigate the effect of pubertal development on serum levels of growth hormone binding protein (GHBP) and IGF-I, and to study the relationship between GHBP levels and height standard deviation score (SDS), nutritional state and IGF-I levels. Design and patients. The investigation was performed on serum samples from 72 healthy adolescents of different pubertal stage. Results were compared to those obtained in 46 prepubertal children. Measurements. Serum levels of GHBP were measured by HPLC gel filtration and IGF-I levels were measured by RIA after acid-ethanol extraction. Results. No effect of pubertal stage on serum levels of GHBP was found. A positive relationship was found between serum levels of GHBP and height SDS (r = 0.38; P < 0.005) and weight expressed as percentage of median weight for height age (r = 0.46; P < 0.0005). Serum levels of IGF-I increased during puberty and were not correlated with height SDS or weight for height age. In pubertal subjects, no relationship existed between serum levels of GHBP and IGF-I. In prepubertal subjects, however, a significantly positive relationship between GHBP and IGF-I levels (r = 0.66; P < 0.0005) was found. Conclusions. Pubertal development does not seem to influence serum levels of GHBP. Height SDS and nutritional state are related to the concentration of GHBP. Before puberty, the level of GHBP is positively related to IGF-I levels; during puberty, however, the increase in serum IGF-I levels is not accompanied by changes in the amount of circulating GHBP. ER  - 
Determinants of total body and regional bone mineral density in normal postmenopausal women - A key role for fat mass; In order to determine which clinical, anthropometric, dietary, and biochemical variables are independent predictors of total and regional bone mineral density (BMD) in normal postmenopausal women, a cross-sectional study of 140 normal postmenopausal women has been carried out. Subjects were white, aged 45-71 yr (mean 58 yr), and had no history of disorders or medication use likely to influence bone or calcium metabolism. Multiple regression analysis was used to derive models for total and regional BMD in terms of the other variables measured. The analysis indicated that total body BMD was positively related to fat mass (P < 0.0001), serum estrone (P = 0.0095) and age at menopause (P = 0.0165), and negatively related to age (P < 0.0001), 24-h urine calcium (P = 0.0002), sex hormone-binding globulin (P = 0.0003), and serum alkaline phosphatase activity (P = 0.0029) (R2 = 0.61). Similar relationships were found in the subregions of the total body scans and in the lumbar spine and proximal femur, with insulin-like growth factor-1, parity, and age at menarche also being related to BMD at at least two of these sites. Lean body mass was not an independent correlate of BMD at any site once fat mass was taken into account. Muscle strength, physical activity, alcohol intake, and dietary intakes of calcium, sodium and protein did not emerge as significant predictors of BMD in this homogeneous group of postmenopausal women. We conclude that total body fat is the most significant predictor of BMD throughout the skeleton and this relationship is not explicable in terms of either estrone production in fat tissue or the dependence of skeletal load-bearing on fat mass. The mechanism underlying this relationship is an important question to be addressed in bone biology. ER  - 
Effect of glycemic control on growth velocity in children with IDDM; OBJECTIVE - To determine the effect of glycemic control on growth velocity in children with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - One hundred twenty-two children with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus were studied over a 5-yr period. Every 4 mo, glycemic control was assessed by measuring total glycosylated hemoglobin (GHb), pubertal status was determined by physical examination, and height was measured with a stadiometer. Height measurements were normalized for age and sex by converting them to Z scores (the number of SD above or below the mean for age and sex). Alterations in growth velocity were determined by the change in Z scores (ΔZ) between visits (i.e., no change in Z score = normal growth velocity; decrease in Z score = growth deceleration; and increase in Z score = growth acceleration). RESULTS - A linear relationship was seen between GHb levels and the change in Z scores (r = -0.117, P = 0.001). GHb values <8% were associated with growth acceleration (ΔZ = +0.10 ± 0.03), and the greatest growth deceleration occurred when GHb was > 16% (ΔZ = -0.07 ± 0.03). The level of GHb at which growth suppression occurred (mean ΔZ became negative) was dependent on pubertal status: Tanner stage 1 ≥ 10%, Tanner stages 2 and 3 ≥8%, Tanner stages 4 and 5 ≥ 16%. CONCLUSIONS - Linear growth velocity in children with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus is heavily related to metabolic control. Children who are prepubertal or in the early stages of puberty are the most vulnerable to growth suppression. Once puberty is well established, growth suppression does not occur until marked hyperglycemia (GHb > 16%) exists. ER  - 
Clinical pattern of childhood Type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus in the Sudan; During a 10-year period, 101 children with Type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus were admitted to the Department of Paediatrics of the University Hospital in Khartoum, Sudan. The age distribution of the patients showed a steady increase from age one to ten years followed by a sharper increase around puberty. A higher number of cases were diagnosed during the cooler compared to the warmer months of the year (p < 0.05). Family history of Type 1 diabetes was reported in 14.9% of patients. Diabetic ketoacidosis was a presenting symptom in 82 patients (81.2%) and 93 patients (92.1%) have had at least two documented episodes of ketoacidosis during the follow-up period. Almost all patients were treated with bovine insulin given as a single dose per day. An initial remission period was not observed in any of the patients. Four years after diagnosis, the average daily dose of insulin used by the patients was greater than 2.0 U/kg body weight and the mean HbA(1C) was 13.4% (reference value 5.3-6.7% ). Seventeen patients (16.8%) were known to have died during 399 person-years of observation resulting in a mortality rate of 42.6 per 1000 person-years of follow-up. Another 29 patients (28.7%) for no apparent reason did not attend a follow-up examination after discharge from hospital. Some of these patients might have died in other hospitals or at home. The study emphasizes the need for urgent measures to increase public awareness of diabetes and to improve methods of case-finding and management of diabetic patients. ER  - 
Western ligand blot assay for human growth hormone-dependent insulin-like growth factor binding protein (IGFBP-3): The serum levels in patients with classical growth hormone deficiency; The insulin-like growth factors I and II (IGFs), important growth factors both in vivo and in vitro, are known to have at least six binding proteins (IGFBP-1~6). In human serum, IGFBP-3 is a major binding protein and is considered to be GH-IGF-1-dependent. We have established a Western Ligand Blot (WLB) assay for IGFBP-3. The method is a densitometric analysis of IGFBP-3 bands on a film of WLB. The IGFBP-3 levels of patients with classical growth hormone deficiency (GHD, 5 isolated and 10 multiple hormone deficiencies with appropriate therapy) were studied. Before puberty there is no overlap between control (n = 31) and the patients with GHD (n = 10). However, IGFBP-3 levels of two of five pubertal patients with GHD were within the normal range (n = 16). We think that measurement of serum IGFBP-3 is a useful diagnostic marker for GHD, especially before puberty. ER  - 
Breast cancer in men: Risk factors with hormonal implications; Cases included in a population-based case-control study of breast cancer in men were recruited from 10 geographic areas of the United States from 1983 to 1986. Controls, matched to cases on age and geographic area, were selected by random digit dialing for men under age 65 years and from Health Care Financing Administration files for older men. Results are based on responses from 227 cases and 300 controls to questions asked in a standardized personal interview. An increased risk of breast cancer was most strongly associated with undescended testes and was also related to orchiectomy, orchitis, testicular injury, late puberty, and infertility; and a decreasing trend in risk was observed with an increasing number of children. Relative risk estimates were also elevated in relation to a history of high blood cholesterol, rapid weight gain, benign breast conditions, and possibly obesity. These findings suggest that breast cancer in men develops in response to androgen deficiency associated with testicular dysfunction and under conditions associated with excess estrogen. Risk was also found to be elevated in men with a history of amphetamine use, diabetes, and cigar smoking and reduced in men with prior head trauma. ER  - 
Body fat and overweight among children and adolescents with diabetes mellitus; Body composition was assessed in 68 children and adolescents with diabetes mellitus. Body fat was measured by skinfold thickness and the results were compared with those obtained by bioelectrical impedance methods (r = 0.76, p < 0.001). Percentage body fat from skinfold thickness estimations was 12-38%. Girls appeared to be most at risk of obesity during puberty with mean body fat 31%, significantly greater than in prepubertal girls (22%, p = 0.001) and pubertal boys (21%, p < 0.001). Body fat increased progressively through puberty in girls, with those in late puberty (stages 4 and 5) having significantly more percentage body fat than those in earlier puberty (stages 2 and 3, p < 0.001). Those in late puberty also received significantly more insulin per kilogram body weight (p = 0.05) and had higher HbA1 levels (p < 0.05) than prepubertal girls. ER  - 
Sex hormone binding globulin levels in adolescent subjects with diabetes mellitus; In normal adolescents there is a pubertal fall in circulating levels of sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG) in both sexes which is not explained by classically accepted mechanisms of control of SHBG. Recent in vitro and in vivo evidence has suggested that SHBG is inversely regulated by insulin. In view of this we have compared SHBG levels in 80 adolescent subjects with Type 1 diabetes to those in 61 normal adolescents. In both normals and in Type 1 diabetic subjects there was a pubertal fall in SHBG levels. Contrary to expectations, SHBG levels were not elevated in those with diabetes, but prepubertally were significantly lower in both sexes (boys mean ± SD, 70 ± 28 nmol l-1, normals 130 ± 52 nmol l-1, p < 0.001; girls, 61 ± 17 nmol l-1, normals 110 ± 23 nmol l-1, p = 0.01). In pubertal subjects no differences in SHBG levels were seen between the two groups, or between either sex within any group. In subjects with Type 1 diabetes SHBG levels were unrelated to metabolic control as reflected by HbA1 but were inversely related to pubertal stage (r = 0.55, p < 0.001). In prepubertal subjects with diabetes, in whom abnormal SHBG levels were found, these levels were weakly related to insulin dose (r = 0.33,p < 0.05); no such relationship was found in the other groups. The significance of the abnormal SHBG levels in prepubertal children with diabetes and its relationship to any irregularities of their sexual development is unclear. ER  - 
Black-white contrasts in insulin levels during pubertal development: The Bogalusa Heart Study; Three hundred and seventy-seven children and adolescents aged 5-17 yr from the biracial (black-white) community of Bogalusa, Louisiana, were evaluated for Tanner stage of sexual development, plasma glucose, and insulin levels during an oral glucose tolerance test. Children of the two races were of similar age, weight, and height at each Tanner stage. Overall insulin response was compared by measuring the area under the insulin curve from the glucose tolerance test. Blacks, especially black females, had significantly higher insulin responses than their white counterparts. The insulin-glucose ratio at the initial t = 0 min baseline did not vary with race or sex throughout the Tanner stages. However, the 30 min postglucose data revealed clear differences between the races with blacks showing a higher insulin- glucose ratio. Ratios increased throughout puberty for both blacks and whites, boys and girls. The trends of racial contrasts seemed to be discernible even at the earliest stage of development. It is concluded that there is a clear difference between blacks and whites in insulin response to a glucose load early in childhood. These findings lead to the hypothesis that the greater prevalence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus seen in adult blacks, especially females, may be an expression of a difference in insulin secretion and related insulin resistance in early childhood. ER  - 
Risk of developing insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) before 35 years of age: Indications of climatological determinants for age at onset; This study analyses data from two nationwide prospective diabetes registries now covering about 3400 cases from 19 million person-years of follow-up in the age group 0-34 years. The risk of developing insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) per 100 000 individuals before 15 years was 386 (95% confidence intervals (CI): 362-410) for boys and 391 (95% CI: 367-415) for girls and by 35 years 701 (95% CI: 671-731) for men and 562 (95% CI: 534-690) for women. The incidence rate showed a maximum for both boys and girls in early puberty. After pubertal years a sharp increase in the male to female incidence ratio of IDDM was notable. At 10-14 years it was 0.94, at 15-19 years 1.59 and at 20-24 years 2.08. A Cox regression model was used to analyse the effects on age at onset of sex, population density and climatological factors as measured by north-south area of residence and season at onset. The effect of sex was confirmed (P < 0.001). A significant effect (P = 0.004) of season was shown when the four seasons were classified according to a four stage scale related to mean temperature. When dividing Sweden into 11 regions according to north-south gradient (Latitude 55°, 56°, 57°,..., 65°) a significant effect (P = 0.038) was also found. However, no effects of population density or living near the coast versus in the interior were found. It is concluded that a large proportion of the young are at risk of developing this chronic disease. In addition to genetic influences the time of disease onset seems to be related to puberty, gender, and climatological and other environmental factors as indicated by a pattern of geographical and seasonal variation. ER  - 
Clinical and laboratory features of Type 1 diabetic children at the time of diagnosis; The French incidence study has registered all new cases of Type 1 diabetic children under 20 years of age, from a population of 2.32 million, in an exhaustive and prospective manner. Three hundred and forty cases were identified between 1 January 1988 and 31 December 1989, yielding a mean annual incidence rate 7.3 per 105. The lowest rate was observed in the youngest age group (0-4 yr: 4.1 per 105) and the highest around pubertal development (10-14 yr: 11.5 per 105). Details of the previous personal and family history, and the clinical and biological pictures of the disease at diagnosis were recorded. Almost 8 per cent of the children had a first-degree relative with Type 1 diabetes. Polyuria, weight loss, fatigue and abdominal pain were the most frequently reported symptoms, which were of median duration 4.4 months. Mean weight loss before diagnosis was 9.4 ± 6.8 (±SD) % of body weight and was not significantly related to age. Ketonuria was detected in 83.8 per cent and acidosis (total CO2 ≤ 18 mmol l-1), if measured) in 48 per cent of the cases. Ketonuria and acidosis were significantly more frequent in the younger age group than in the rest of the group (p < 0.001). ER  - 
Changes in growth hormone concentrations during puberty in adolescents with insulin dependent diabetes; Objective: To document the changes in pulsatile growth hormone secretion in diabetic adolescents during puberty, and to investigate their relationship to both metabolic control and stature. Design: Auxological parameters, overnight growth hormone secretion, fasting IGF-I, hourly glucose and metabolic control were assessed in a group of adolescents with diabetes. Patients: Fifty-two diabetic adolescents (28 males and 24 females) at different pubertal stages and with varying degrees of metabolic control were studied. Ten of those with poor diabetic control were studied on two occasions. Measurements: Height and weight measurements, pubertal staging, growth velocity data and bone age estimation were obtained on all the patients. Overnight growth hormone profiles (Pulsar program analysis), glycosylated haemoglobin and fasting IGF-I were performed on all the subjects. Hourly overnight glucose measurements were also obtained on the ten subjects who had two overnight growth hormone studies. Results: For the whole diabetic group, GH area under curve (AUC) was maximal in late puberty (pubertal stage 4), and was paralleled by maximal GH peak amplitude. No relationship between GH-AUC and metabolic control was demonstrated. No difference in GH parameters was demonstrated between the male and female subgroups. The relationship between growth hormone secretory parameters and stature was not significant. However, GH-AUC was significantly correlated with growth velocity in the males but not the females. Conclusions: The pattern of GH secretion in adolescents with diabetes parallels that seen in normal adolescents during puberty, with increases in GH concentration associated with increased GH pulse amplitude. The degree of metabolic control had no effect on this pattern and there was no relationship between GH secretory parameters and stature. ER  - 
Properties of spontaneous growth hormone secretory bursts and half-life of endogenous growth hormone in boys with idiopathic short stature; We analyzed endogenous GH secretory dynamics and MCRs by a novel quantitative deconvolution technique in 20 boys with idiopathic short stature (ISS) and 35 boys of normal stature in Tanner stage I of puberty. We tested the null hypotheses that 1) ISS is not associated with any alterations in the frequency, mass, amplitude, or duration of spontaneous GH secretory bursts and/or the 24-h GH production rate; and 2) the half-life of endogenous GH is not altered in ISS. The boys with ISS had a mean (±SEM) bone age of 8.0 ± 0.42 yr and a chronological age of 10 ± 0.50 yr. The latter was similar to the chronological (and bone) age of the normal boys of 9.8 ± 0.23 (and 9.3 ± 0.34) yr. Mean height SD scores were significantly lower in ISS boys, viz. -2.7 ± 0.15 in ISS vs. +0.34 ± 0.13 in normal boys (P < 0.001). Plasma insulin-like growth factor-I concentrations were similar in the two groups, as were (24-h) mean serum GH concentrations, viz. 3.5 ± 0.29 μg/L in ISS and 4.1 ± 0.49 μg/L in normal boys (P = NS). Deconvolution analysis revealed that the mean number of GH secretory events per 24 h was similar in normal and ISS boys, viz. 9.6 ± 0.76 (normal) vs. 8.4 ± 0.55 (ISS), and that there was no significant difference in mean GH interburst intervals. The amplitude, mass, and duration of computer-resolved GH secretory bursts also did not differ in normal and ISS boys. The half-lives of endogenous GH were estimated to be 16 ± 0.77 min in the ISS and 18 ± 0.93 min in the control boys (P = NS). The calculated daily GH secretion rate per unit distribution volume was not significantly reduced in ISS, i.e. 194 ± 19 μg/L·day in ISS vs. 177 ± 19 μg/L·day in control boys. Moreover, daily GH secretion rates corrected for body mass index (weight/height2) in the two groups were not significantly different. In summary, the present cohort of boys with ISS manifested no significant alterations in GH secretory burst frequency, duration, mass, or amplitude or in the half-life of endogenous GH compared to normal boys in Tanner stage I of pubertal development. Indeed, whether daily GH secretion rates are expressed per unit distribution volume or per unit body mass index, groups of boys with ISS and normal height controls secrete similar total amounts of GH. We conclude that the overall dynamics of GH secretion and clearance in boys with ISS considered as a whole cannot be distinguished readily from physiological patterns observed in prepubertal boys of normal height. ER  - 
A normal population study of human salivary insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF 1) concentrations from birth through puberty; Insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF 1) concentrations in mixed saliva samples, collected from a normal population (n = 327, ranging in age from birth to adolescence), were determined by RIA. Salivary IGF 1 concentrations remained steady over a 24-h period when collected at basal rates, but were diminished in saliva samples collected at a maximally stimulated flow rate. A similar pattern was observed for males and females, when IGF 1 levels in saliva were plotted as a function of age. The pattern was that of low levels in early childhood, rising with age, peaking in puberty and falling again in late adolescence. Salivary IGF 1 measurement differed from plasma measurement in three ways: 1) salivary IGF 1 concentrations (70 ± 50 pM) were 100- to 200-fold less than plasma IGF 1 levels; 2) salivary IGF 1 levels in age- matched male and female samples were not different outside of pubertal influences; 3) salivary IGF 1 levels in neonates were highly variable with concentrations ranging up to pubertal concentrations. The study provides salivary IGF 1 reference data for a paediatric population. ER  - 
Thyroid peroxidase antibodies in children with autoimmune thyroiditis; Aims: To compare the prevalence of thyroid peroxidase antibodies in 25 children with autoimmune thyroid disorders and in 41 children and young adults with type 1 diabetes, and to test the prevalence of thyrotropin receptor antibodies. Methods: Two commercially available radioimmunoassays for antibodies to thyroid peroxidase, a commercially available agglutination test of particles coated with thyroid microsomal antigens, and a radioimmunoassay for thyrotropin receptor antibodies were used. Patients and controls were studied. Results: One of the radioimmunoassays detected thyroid peroxidase antibodies not only in all children with autoimmune thyroid disorders and children and young adults with type 1 diabetes and thyroid microsomal antibodies, but also in 20% of healthy control children without microsomal antibodies. With this thyroid peroxidase assay and with microsomal agglutination, 94% of the children with autoimmune thyroiditis, 71% of those with Graves' disease, and over 90% of those with type 1 diabetes and thyroid dysfunction tested positive. In the other radioimmunoassay for thyroid peroxidase antibodies thyroid peroxidase antibody titres in half or more of the children with microsomal antibodies failed to reach the level of positivity given by the producers. Eighty five per cent of children with Graves' disease and 71% of those with autoimmune thyroiditis had thyrotropin receptor antibodies but so did 35% of children studied for other endocrinological disorders such as delayed growth or puberty. Conclusions: Testing patients with well characterised disorders of thyroid function and with other endocrine disorders is important in evaluating the efficacy of new diagnostic tests for thyroid autoantibodies. ER  - 
Male predominance of Type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus in young adults: Results from a 5-year prospective nationwide study of the 15-34-year age group in Sweden; The incidence of diabetes mellitus in Sweden in the 15-34 year group was prospectively studied on a nationwide basis, beginning 1 January 1983. A total of 1,214 male and 720 female cases of newly-diagnosed (excluding gestational) diabetes were reported over a 5-year period. This corresponds to an incidence of 20.5 per 100,000/year in male subjects and 12.7 per 100,000/year in female subjects. Most cases were classified as Type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetes, with an incidence of 15.9 in males and 8.6 in females. The incidence of Type 1 diabetes decreased gradually with age, while the incidence of Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes increased. A male predominance was found in all age groups, with a male-to-female ratio of 1.8:1 for Type 1 diabetes and 1.3:1 for Type 2 diabetes. Maximum blood glucose concentration at diagnosis was significantly higher in males than in females in both Type 1 and Type 2 diabetic subjects. In contrast, the percent desirable weight was significantly higher in females, both in Type 1 and Type 2 diabetic subjects. The difference in diabetes incidence therefore cannot be attributed to any methodological error. The present finding of a marked male predominance after puberty in Type 1 diabetes in an ethnically quite homogeneous population supports the hypothesis that environmental risk factors and life-style are important for the development of the disease. ER  - 
Insulin-like growth factor binding protein-3 in normal pubertal girls; IGFBP-3 concentrations rise in the second decade of life. To test the hypothesis that the stage of pubertal development, independent of chronological age, was associated with these increases we measured serum IGFBP-3 concentrations by radioimmunoassay in 324 sixth and seventh grade girls (12.3 ± 0.7 years) at the beginning of a multisite school-based health curriculum. The mean (± SD) serum IGFBP-3 among the 242 girls with complete data was 4.0 ± 0.7 mg/l. Pubertal stage was significantly associated with IGFBP-3 (p < 0.0001, ANOVA). Mean concentrations rose from 3.5 ± 0.7 mg/l among those with the earliest pubertal stages to 4.2 ± 0.7 mg/l among the mature girls. IGF-I and IGFBP-3 concentrations were significantly correlated (Spearman's r = 0.43, p < 0.0001). After controlling for the association between pubertal development and IGFBP-3 concentrations, only the waist/hip ratio, among the various measures of body composition, was significantly associated with IGFBP-3 concentration (Spearman's r = -0.23, p = 0.0002). Likewise, none of the measures of nutrition: intake of total calories, protein, fat and carbohydrate; serum iron; red cell mean corpuscular volume or cholesterol; were significantly associated with IGFBP-3 concentrations. There was, however, a small, but significant association between IGFBP-3 concentrations and both serum transferrin and blood hemoglobin concentrations. Pubertal stage has a significant impact on IGFBP-3 concentrations and those attempting to utilize IGFBP-3 concentrations during adolescence should be cognizant of the subject's pubertal stage. ER  - 
Insulin-like growth factor-I as a reflection of body composition, nutrition, and puberty in sixth and seventh grade girls; Large variations in nutritional intake have profound effects on the GH-insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) axis in children and adults, but the effect of normal variations in nutrition on IGF-I concentrations is largely unstudied, particularly during puberty. We measured serum IGF-I concentrations in 325 sixth and seventh grade girls (12.4 ± 0.7 yr) at the beginning of a multisite school-based health curriculum. The mean serum IGF-I level among the 243 girls with complete data was 573 ± 244 μg/L. Pubertal stage was significantly associated with IGF-I (P < 0.0001, by analysis of variance). Mean concentrations rose from 427 ± 198 μg/L among those at the earliest pubertal stages to 639 ± 219 μg/L among the mature girls. After adjusting for the association with the stage of pubertal development, serum IGF-I was not significantly associated with measures of body composition (body mass index, triceps skin fold thickness, waist/hip ratio, height, and weight). Additionally, IGF-I concentrations were not associated with nutritional intake (total calories, total protein, total fat, and total carbohydrate) or such measures of nutrition as serum iron, hemoglobin, red cell mean corpuscular volume, white cell count, and cholesterol. IGF-I concentrations, however, were significantly correlated with transferrin concentrations, another possible index of nutritional status (r = 0.29; P < 0.0001). IGF-I is not a clinically useful index of nutritional status among normal pubertal girls. ER  - 
Effect of puberty on insulinlike growth factor I and HbA1 in Type I diabetes; Objective: To assess the effect of puberty on the relationship between glycemic control and insulinlike growth factor I (IGF-I) levels in children with insulin-dependent (type I) diabetes mellitus. Research Design and Methods: Simultaneous HbA1 and plasma IGF-I levels were determined in 71 prepubertal (Tanner stage I) and 112 pubertal (Tanner stages II-V) subjects aged 2.7-17.8 yr. Results: Overall, IGF-I levels were positively correlated with both age (r = 0.31, P < 0.001) and Tanner stage (r = 0.32, P< 0.001) but only weakly associated with HbA1 values (r = -0.16, P = 0.025). A strong negative association existed between IGF-I and HbA1 levels (r = -0.45, P < 0.001) in the pubertal subjects, but no such association was apparent in the prepubertal subjects. Multiple regression analyses disclosed a significant independent negative association between IGF-I and HbA1 levels in the pubertal group (P < 0.001) but not in the prepubertal group. Conclusions: Glycemic control appears to strongly influence IGF-I levels only after the onset of puberty. ER  - 
Abnormal regulation of insulin-like growth factor binding proteins in adolescents with insulin-dependent diabetes; We have measured fasting 0800 h insulin-like growth factor binding proteins (IGFBP)-1 and IGFBP-3, in 52 diabetic adolescents and 74 puberty-matched control subjects with short stature and normal hormonal status. We have also measured overnight hourly profiles of IGFBP-1, glucose, free insulin, and GH in 12 of the diabetic adolescents. With advancing age and pubertal status, IGFBP-1 declined and IGFBP-3 increased significantly in the control, but not the diabetic group. Fasting IGFBP-1 levels were elevated 4-fold compared to controls. Median IGFBP-3 was significantly lower in the diabetic compared to the control group in pubertal stages III and V. Elevated IGFBP-1 was significantly correlated with metabolic control in poorly controlled subjects (mean 12-month glycosylated haemoglobin > 8.5%). In the overnight profiles, mean hourly IGFBP-1 was inversely related to insulin, but not glucose. As free insulin levels declined, IGFBP-1 rose, associated with rising predawn blood sugars. The integrated 3-h IGFBP-1 value (0500-0800 h) was significantly correlated with the corresponding glucose integrated value. IGFBP-1 area under the curve for the whole overnight profile was significantly correlated with glycosylated hemoglobin in 11 of the 12 subjects. IGFBP-1 from diabetic adolescents has been shown to inhibit IGF-I bioactivity. We postulate that IGFBP-1 may have a role in growth impairment of poorly controlled diabetes and may contribute to the dawn phenomenon. ER  - 
Hormone and receptor studies: Relationship to linear growth in childhood and puberty; Preliminary data suggested different patterns of hormonal control of linear growth in males and females. To better define these patterns, serum samples were collected from 75-125 boys and a similar number from girls for each year of age between 3-16 yr (n = 2416). Fewer samples were collected from 2-yr-olds, newborns, and adults (n = 151). Samples for each age were aliquoted, combined, and assayed for GH, GH-binding protein (GHBP), insulin-like growth factor-I, and testosterone. GHBP, expressed as a percentage of the [125I]GH bound, increased yearly in males and females, with no relationship to the secretion of sex hormones. The increase in binding of [125I]GH and, by inference, GH receptors occurred at a greater rate between the ages of 2-10 yr than between 10-16 yr (in terms of absolute binding, 1.2 ± 0.11% vs. 0.38 ± 0.04% yearly; P < 0.001). In each age group, however, the increase in GHBP exhibited a strong positive correlation with linear height (r = 0.96-0.98 in males; r = 0.92-0.99 in females). Before puberty, GH and insulin-like growth factor-I concentrations were consistently greater in females. Between 10-16 yr of age, height velocity (centimeters of growth per yr) correlated strongly with GH in girls (r = 0.86), but did not correlate with GH in boys of a similar age (r = -0.13). The major pubertal growth spurt in males strongly correlated with a rise in serum testosterone concentration beginning at age 11 yr (r = 0.92). Small peaks of GH secretion before and after the major period of accelerated growth in males possibly prolonged the major growth phase, but did not initiate it. ER  - 
Idiopathic central precocious puberty in girls as a model of the effect of plasma estradiol level on growth, skeletal maturation and plasma insulin-like growth factor I; Girls suffering from idiopathic central precocious puberty (CPP) may have different levels of estrogenic activity. This study was performed to evaluate the relationship between the estrogenic activity and the hypothalamopituitary activation and the effect of various plasma estradiol (E2) levels on growth, skeletal maturation and plasma insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I). Fifty-eight girls with CPP were divided into 2 groups: group I with E2 < 25 pg/ml (13 ± 1 pg/ml, mean ± SEM, n = 26) and group II with E2 ≥ 25 pg/ml (52 ± 3 pg/ml, n = 32). The mean ages at onset and at evaluation were lower in group I (5.9 ± 0.4 and 6.8 ± 0.4 years) than in group II (6.8 ± 0.3 and 8.1 ± 0.2 years, p < 0.01), but the durations since onset (> 0.5 and < 2 years) in the two groups were similar. The mean peak luteinizing hormone/follicle-stimulating hormone (LH/FSH) ratios were lower in group I (0.8 ± 0.2) than in group II (1.7 ± 0.2, p < 0.001) and correlated with E2 (r = 0.41, p < 0.01). The mean height gains during the year preceding the initial evaluation were similar in the two groups (8.7 ± 0.5 vs. 9.2 ± 0.4 cm). They were independent of the plasma E2 level. Conversely, the mean plasma IGF-I values were lower in group I (2.4 ± 0.3 U/ml) than in group II (4.2 ± 0.6 U/ml, p < 0.01) and correlated with E2 (r = 0.52, p < 0.01). They were in the prepubertal range in 88% of cases in group I and in 35% of cases in group II. The mean bone age advance was slightly but not significantly lower in group I (1.8 ± 0.3 years) than in group II (2.1 ± 0.2 years). We concluded that the correlation between E2 and peak LH/FSH ratios indicates variable degrees of hypothalamopituitary-ovarian activation and that low E2 stimulates growth in spite of prepubertal IGF-I values, suggesting a direct effect of E2 on skeletal growth. ER  - 
Elevated blood pressure in obese children: Influence of gender, age, weight and serum insulin levels; Prepubescent and early pubescent obese children (n = 114, mean percent IBW = 165, mean age 7.3 years) were studied to determine the relationship of weight (WT), percent of ideal body weight (percent IBW), gender, and insulin (I) to systolic (SBP) and diastolic (DBP) blood pressure. Subjects were assessed for weight, height, percent IBW, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, and Tanner stage; subjects with Tanner stage greater than 3 were excluded. Multiple regression revealed that body weight accounted for the greatest variance in SBP (adj. R2 = 0.34, P < 0.05), followed by the age. For DBP, weight also accounted for the greatest variance (adj. R2 = 0.16, P < 0.05) followed by gender. A subgroup (n = 50) was evaluated for oral glucose tolerance. Subjects ingested 1.75 g glucose (GLU)/kg weight and had blood samples drawn at 0, 30, 60, 90, 120 and 180 min. Pearson correlations showed SBP correlated significantly to I at 0 (r = 0.44) and the total integrated area for insulin (r = 0.45); however, adjusting SBP for age by using z-score transformations negated all correlations between SBP and insulin. GLU at 0 and the total integrated area were not significantly correlated to SBP or DBP in absolute or age-adjusted terms. These data on prepubescent, nondiabetic, obese children suggest an association between insulin and elevations in SBP, but not DBP, that is largely due to a mutual association between age and weight. Also, insulin resistance as reflected in GLU response was not related to SBP or DBP. ER  - 
Impact of increased growth hormone secretion on carbohydrate metabolism in adolescents with diabetes; Growth hormone (GH) and fasting insulin concentrations rise during puberty in normal subjects. Any increase in GH secretion in adolescents with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) might be expected to lead to further insulin resistance and metabolic disturbance. Despite the high incidence of delayed growth in IDDM, the relationship between GH, insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) and IGF binding protein 1 (IGFBP-I) has not been clearly established. Twenty-six adolescents with IDDM and 34 healthy siblings underwent measurement of their overnight GH secretory profiles (20.00-08.00 hours, 15-minute sampling). The diabetic subjects were studied either on their normal insulin regimen (n = 15) or during a euglycaemic clamp (n = 26). A second clamp study was undertaken (n = 7) with addition of pirenzepine to suppress GH secretion. GH profiles in the diabetic subjects were characterized by increases in both pulse amplitude and baseline GH concentrations. Deconvolution analysis also revealed an increase in the frequency of GH secretory episodes. In the subjects with diabetes, a direct link between the dawn rise in insulin requirements, increased concentrations of β-hydroxybutyrate and the elevated concentrations of GH was established. These abnormalities were reversed by the suppression of GH pulse amplitude following pirenzepine. Serum IGF-I concentrations and IGF-I bioactivity in the diabetic subjects were low and were positively correlated with mean GH concentrations. In conclusion, well controlled adolescents with IDDM show persisting abnormalities of GH, β-hydroxybutyrate and IGF-I despite normoglycemia. The role of inappropriate insulin delivery in the development of these abnormalities is discussed. ER  - 
Determination by latex immunoassay of protein 1 in normal and pathological urine; A sensitive latex particle assay has been developed to study the occurrence of protein 1 in human urine. The coefficients of variation (CVs) of the method which is fully automated vary between 3 and 11.5%. The assayable concentration range is 0.3 to 40 μ g/l. Protein 1 is clearly a sex-dependent protein. In contrast to urinary retinol-binding protein (RBP) which shows no variation with age or sex, protein 1 is excreted in greater amounts in males from puberty. In adults, the mean concentration of protein 1 in urine of men is approximately 5 times that of women. In the urine from both sexes, protein 1 occurs as a single component with a M(r) around 21,000 and a pI of about 4.8. Protein 1 is correlated with RBP in the urine from female or male patients with impaired proximal tubular function, which suggests that it is handled by the kidney in a similar manner as RBP. Diabetics, however, show elevations of urinary protein 1 which do not correlate with the RBP excretion but with the albuminuria. A competition between albumin and protein 1 for renal tubular uptake might explain this paradoxical behaviour of protein 1 in the course of diabetic nephropathy. ER  - 
A distribution method for analysing the baseline of pulsatile endocrine signals as exemplified by 24-hour growth hormone profiles; Objective. To develop a method for quantifying the distribution of concentrations present in hormone profiles, which would allow an observer-unbiased estimate of the time concentration attribute and to make an assessment of the baseline. Design. The log-transformed concentrations (regardless of their temporal attribute) are sorted and allocated to class intervals. The number of observations in each interval are then determined and expressed as a percentage of the total number of samples drawn in the study period. The data may be displayed as a frequency distribution or as a cumulative distribution. Cumulative distributions may be plotted as a sigmoidal ogives or can be transformed into discrete probabilities (linear probits), which are then linear, and amenable to regression analysis. Probability analysis gives estimates of the mean (the value below which 50% of the observed concentrations lie, which we term 'OC50'). Baseline' can be defined in terms of percentage occupancy - the 'Observed Concentration for 5%' (which we term 'OC5') which is the threshold at or below which the hormone concentrations are measured 5% of the time. Patients. We report the use of applying this method to 24-hour growth hormone (GH) profiles from 63 children, 26 adults and one giant. Results. We demonstrate that GH effects (growth or gigantism) in these groups are more related to the baseline OC5 concentration than peak concentration (OC5 ± 95% confidence limits: adults 0.05 ± 0.04, peak-height-velocity pubertal 0.39 ± 0.22, giant 8.9 mU/I). Conclusions. Pulsatile hormone profiles can be analysed using this method in order to assess baseline and other concentration domains. ER  - 
Impaired microvascular hyperaemic response in children with diabetes mellitus; Clinically detectable microvascular complications of diabetes are uncommon in children with diabetes especially in the prepubertal group. It is unclear whether subtle functional abnormalities of the microcirculation occur in children without evidence of clinical microangiopathy and in particular whether abnormalities can be demonstrated in children before puberty. The maximum hyperaemic response to direct local heating (44°C) of the foot skin was measured by laser Doppler fluximetry in 50 diabetic and 50 non-diabetic children. An impaired hyperaemic response occurred in the diabetic children compared with control children (diabetic 1.25 (95% CI 1.1 3-1.37) V; control 1.74 (1.60-1.88) V; p < 0.001) and was significantly related to duration of diabetes but not to long-term blood glucose control. The impaired response was also present in prepubertal diabetic children (diabetic 1.37 (1.16-1.58) V; control 1.89 (1.67-2.12) V; p < 0.001). Systolic and diastolic blood pressure were significantly raised in the prepubertal diabetic children. These data suggest that a functional abnormality of the microcirculation occurs in children with diabetes in the absence of clinically detectable microangiopathy, and even before puberty. ER  - 
Serum insulin-like growth factor 1 concentrations in the developing rhesus monkey.; We studied the developmental pattern of serum IGF-1 concentrations in the rhesus monkey in cross-sectional and longitudinal manners. Values were lower in infants with a significant rise at the onset of puberty. Females values were lower than males except for pregnant females. There was a correlation of IGF-1 values with body weight in the males. Longitudinal study of six animals proved this age dependence of IGF-1 values. The rhesus monkey has a pattern of serum IGF-1 concentrations similar to that of the human being. ER  - 
Breast cancer epidemiology; 204 pts with breast cancer were compared to 208 pts of similar age, with pathologies other than cancer, to assess the frequency of biological and social factors related to breast cancer, in Chilean females. The pts with breast cancer were in the 40 to 65 year old group, had a higher frequency of AB blood group, lower pregnancy and delivery rates and later pregnancies. Age of menarche and menopause, prolonged breast feeding, oral contraceptives and nutritional state were not related to a higher frequency of breast cancer. Further studies that include the analysis of previous breast pathology, diabetes, psychosomatic factors, alcohol and caffeine consumption, tobacco and others are suggested. ER  - 
Association of pharmacological tests and study of 24-hour growth hormone secretion in the investigation of growth retardation in children: Analysis of 257 cases; Growth hormone (GH) secretion can presently be investigated by several methods: pharmacological provocative tests, study of 24-h GH secretion, measurement of somatomedin-C (Sm-C)/insulin-like growth factor (IGF) I, and the growth hormone-releasing hormone (GHRH) test. In order to compare the results obtained, these methods were used in 257 children with growth retardation (169 boys, 88 girls). Their height SD was -2.7 ± 0.2, chronological age 11 3/12 ± 1 6/12 years, and bone age 8 4/12 ± 1 4/12 years. Mean growth velocity was 4.5 ± 1.5 cm/year. One hundred and thirty-eight boys and 80 girls were prepubertal, and 31 boys and 8 girls were pubertal (B2 G2). All children underwent the study of 24-h GH secretion (n = 257) and pharmacological provocative tests (two tests, n = 213; one test n = 44). Sm-C/IGF I was measured in prepubertal children (n = 131), and a GHRH test was carried out (n = 153). In addition, the mean integrated concentration of growth hormone secretion (IC-GH) was assessed in a control gronp of 23 children and was found to be 5.4 ± 1.2 ng/ml/min. The IC-GH in the group as a whole was 2.6 ng/ml/min. The mean maximum peak during pharmacological tests varied considerably according to the test used, ranging from 7.8 ng/ml for the arginine test to 17.1 ng/ml for the glucagon and betaxolol test. The maximum peak and the 24-h IC-GH were not significantly correlated. Moreover, conflicting results were found in the various groups which were defined by the values of the maximum peak during pharmacological tests and by their IC-GH levels. In view of these results, it would seem preferable to use the different methods of investigation in association, rather than to compare them. When these methods are associated, the following types of GH deficiencies can be identified: concordant or double deficiencies, with low responses to tests and low IC-GH (severe GH deficiencies and some partial and dissociated GH deficiencies); discordant or single GH deficiencies, with either low 24-h secretion (children with neurosecretory dysfunction or poor endogenous secretion) or low responses to pharmacological tests (poor pharmacological responders); and lastly, a group of short children who nevertheless have normal responses to pharmacological tests and normal 24-h GH secretion. ER  - 
Cardiovascular risk in young Finns; This report describes the general outline and progress of a multicentre study on risk factors of coronary heart disease and their determinants in children and adolescents. 'Cardiovascular Risk in Young Finns' comprises a cross-sectional study of 3 to 18-year old subjects in 1980, and follow-up studies in 1983 and 1986 in various parts of Finland, and in 1989 in one of the study areas (Turku). The number of participants in 1980 was 3596 (83.1%) of those invited. In 1983 and 1986 83.2% and 77.8% of them, respectively, participated. The study programme has comprised questionnaire data on, for example, general health and living conditions, physical activity, eating habits, smoking, and psychological variables. The physical examination covered height, weight, skinfold thickness, pubertal stages and blood pressure. Blood specimens were obtained to assess concentrations of serum lipids and insulin, and in 1986 also for possible genetic markers of hypercholesterolemia. A 48 hour recall on nutrient intake was obtained from some of the subjects. The follow-up studies have enabled a study of the tracking phenomenon. Other important questions under study include, for example, the possible clustering of risk factors and their determinants. The cohorts studied provide a valuable research basis for the future, with emphasis on enabling a long-term follow-up of the subjects. ER  - 
Low growth hormone levels are related to increased body mass index and do not reflect impaired growth in luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone agonist-treated children with precocious puberty; To test the hypothesis that GH deficiency might explain the low growth velocity of some LHRH agonist (LHRHa)-treated children with central precocious puberty, we measured stimulated (n = 81) and spontaneous (n = 32) GH levels during or after LHRHa treatment. GH stimulation tests in the children who were receiving LHRHa treatment were performed after 2 days of ethinyl estradiol administration. Thirty-one of 81 children (38%) who underwent GH stimulation tests had subnormal responses (≤ 7 μg/L) to all tests administered (at least 2 stimuli), including 22 of 67 (33%) who had precocious puberty that was idiopathic or associated with hypothalamic hamartoma. Eleven of 32 children (34%) who underwent measurement of the mean nighttime spontaneous GH level had levels below the normal range for prepubertal children (<1.2 μg/L). Despite the high incidence of subnormal GH levels, there appeared to be no relationship between the GH levels of these children and their growth characteristics. The height, growth velocity, bone maturation rate, predicted height, and insulin-like growth factor-I levels were not different between the children with low GH levels and the children with normal GH levels. Conversely, the GH levels were not different between the children with subnormal growth rates and the children with normal growth rates. Thus, variation in the growth rates of these LHRHa-treated children with central precocious puberty could not be explained by variation in the stimulated or spontaneous secretion of GH. In attempting to understand the high incidence of low GH levels in children with preccious puberty, we examined the relationship between GH level and body mass index (BMI). Both the stimulated (r = -0.33; P <0.02) and the spontaneous (r = -0.61; P < 0.0002) GH levels were inversely related to BMI. Moreover, the children with precocious puberty as a group had significantly elevated BMI [1.2 ± 0.1 (±SE) SD units] compared to normal children of the same age (P < 0.0001). Thus, increased body mass may explain the high incidence of subnormal GH levels in these patients, and normative GH levels adjusted for body mass are needed before it can be concluded that the apparently subnormal GH levels in LHRHa-treated children with precocious puberty are in fact low. ER  - 
Urinary growth hormone excretion during puberty in Type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus; The excretion of urinary growth hormone was measured by a highly sensitive direct immunoradiometric assay in a cross-sectional study during puberty in 70 children with Type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus and 94 normal children. In normal children (n = 24) and diabetic children (n = 17) overnight urinary growth hormone excretion correlated significantly with the mean overnight plasma concentration (r = 0.70, p<0.001, and r = 0.70, p<0.001), indicating that urinary GH excretion reflects the circulating endogenous GH level. Overnight urinary growth hormone excretion increased during puberty. In normal and in diabetic children there was a peak in boys at genital stage 4 (both p<0.01), and in girls at breast stage 2 (both p<0.02). The diabetic children excreted more urinary growth hormone than the normal chidren at every pubertal stage. Excretion of albumin, retinol binding protein and N-acetyl-β-D-glucosaminidase was measured in urine from 38 diabetic children. Urinary growth hormone correlated weakly with urinary albumin (r = 0.49, p<0.01), retinol binding protein (r = 0.42, p<0.01), and N-acetyl-β-D-glucosaminidase (r = 0.43, p<0.01). Urinary GH excretion was not related to blood glucose control (HbA1) in boys (n = 31) or girls (n = 39). The measurement of urinary growth hormone provides an assessment of endogenous growth hormone during puberty in normal and diabetic children. However, caution must be exercised in interpreting urinary growth hormone data from diabetic patients with increased excretion of albumin and retinol binding protein. ER  - 
The comparative growth of Efe pygmies and African farmers from birth to age 5 years.; Recent studies of African pygmies have concluded that the pattern of pygmy growth is similar to that of other Africans up to the time of puberty and that the short stature of adult pygmies is due primarily, if not solely, to the absence of accelerated adolescent growth. These conclusions are thought to be consistent with biochemical studies showing pygmies to have low levels of insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1). All previous pygmy-growth studies have been of subjects of estimated, not known age. This paper reports the results of a mixed longitudinal growth study of Efe pygmy children of known age from birth to age 5 years. The mean adult stature of Efe pygmies is the shortest of any human population known, including other pygmy populations of central Africa. At birth, Efe were significantly smaller than neighbouring Lese Sudanic-speaking farmers and other rural Africans. During the first 5 years of life, Efe not only remained shorter than Lese controls at all ages, but the difference in stature between them increased. Unlike the Lese, Efe children showed a trend of increasingly negative z scores compared with the American reference population, from -2.71 (SD = 0.93) at 6 months to -4.16 (SD = 0.46) at age 5 years. These results indicate that suppression of pygmy growth does not occur solely at puberty, but from birth onward. Furthermore, they suggest that conclusions concerning the lack of an adolescent pygmy growth spurt have been premature and must await studies of older pygmy sub-adults of known age. ER  - 
Racial differences in metabolic control of children and adolescents with type I diabetes mellitus; Objective: This study evaluated racial differences in the metabolic control of children and adolescents with insulin-dependent (type I) diabetes mellitus and examined the interactive effects of race with age and sex. Research Design and Methods: Data on several demographic and clinical variables were obtained for 102 black and 108 white children, including the percentage of total HbA1, age, age at diagnosis, duration of diabetes, pubertal status, insulin dose (U · kg-1 · day-1), body mass index, number of clinic visits kept and missed, number of hospitalizations for diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA) for the year, and socioeconomic status (SES). Results: Black children had higher insulin dosages (P < 0.05) and lower SESs (P < 0.001) than white children. HbA1 was higher in black than white children (P < 0.01) after statistically adjusting for the effects of insulin dose, diabetes duration, and SES. With HbA1-based criteria, more black than white children were in poor and fewer in good metabolic control (P < 0.001). Older children (≥13 yr) had higher HbA1 levels than younger (<13 yr) children (P < 0.002), but there were no differences in HbA1 between males and females nor were there interactive effects of race, sex, and age-group. Black children were hospitalized for DKA more frequently than white children (P < 0.04). More black than white children missed clinic visits (P < 0.01), but they did not differ in number of visits kept. Conclusions: Black youths with type I diabetes mellitus are in poorer metablic control than white youths. ER  - 
Risk factors in breast cancer. Prospective analysis of 414 patients; This report has the purpose to analyze the risk factors for Breast Cancer in the population of female Mexican workers and their relatives living in the same socio-cultural environment. These risk factors were: age, number of pregnancies, age while first pregnant, early menarca, late menopause, no lactance, use of contraceptive pills, hereditary, mammary pathology, obesity, diabetes mellitus. The questions were asked to women older than 30 years of age to which a breast biopsy had been practiced; in 123 patients the biopsy reported a breast carcinoma in 291 patients the hystological reports showed a benign pathology other than cancer. The statistics were comparative among both groups with a p less than 0.001 each factor was analyzed for chi square. The average was of 44 years of age to which a breast biopsy had been practiced; groups with breast cancer 80% were pregnant before the age of 26 one with two or more births. The risk factors as the obesity, no lactancy, anticonceptives widely discussed and contradictors in the literature; in this group of patient with breast cancer resulted with statistic significance. The results suggest a population with breast cancer with own characteristics. ER  - 
Plasma glucose and insulin responses in young Papua New Guineans (aged 10-19 years); A study of rural and periurban children aged 10-19 years in the Tolai population of Papua New Guinea has demonstrat4ee a higher average plasma glucose concentration and relative hyperinsulinaemia after an oral glucose challenge in the periurban group. The findings could not be explained by differences in age or adiposity. In the rural children, plasma insulin concentration remained consistently low throughout the range of glucose tolerance, indicating a high degree of insulin sensitivity. In the periurban children there was a marked increase in plasma insulin concentration with increasing plasma glucose concentration, possibly suggesting the development of insulin resistance, or an antecedent state, and incipient glucose intolerance. In view of the potential public health implications of these findings, further ecological studies of insulin response in children and adolescents would appear warranted. These should include appropriate measures of pubertal development, which is a possible confounding factor not addressed in the present study, as well as addressing the role of nutritional factors. ER  - 
Endocrine function and morphological findings in patients with disorders of the hypothalamo-pituitary area: A study with magnetic resonance; Evaluation of the sellar area was performed with magnetic resonance imaging in 101 patients (age range 0.8-27 years) with hypopituitarism, isolated diabetes insipidus, hypogonadotrophic hypogonadism, and central precocious puberty. The hypopituitary patients (n = 70) included multiple pituitary deficiency (n = 23), pituitary deficiency with diabetes insipidus (n = 5), and isolated growth hormone deficiency (n = 42). The patients with multiple pituitary deficiency showed pathological morphological findings in all cases, with stalk and posterior lobe always involved. The group with associated diabetes insipidus had abnormal stalk in four of five cases and posterior lobe not visible in all cases. Only five of 42 (12%) patients with isolated growth hormone deficiency had abnormalities of the sellar area. In two out of four patients with isolated diabetes insipidus posterior lobe was not seen. All patients with hypogonadotrophic hypogonadism (three with Kallmann's syndrome, one Prader-Willi syndrome, and two idiopathic hypogonadism) appeared normal. In precocious puberty (n = 21) the three patients with onset of symptoms before age 2 years exhibited a hypothalamic hamartoma, whereas in the others with onset of puberty between age 2 and 7 the magnetic resonance image was normal in 17 of 18 patients. The probability of finding a pathological magnetic resonance image was considerably high in our patients with multiple pituitary deficiency, isolated diabetes insipidus, and precocious puberty with very early onset of symptoms. On the contrary, purely functional abnormality is suggested in most patients with isolated growth hormone deficiency, hypogonadotrophic hypogonadism, and precocious puberty with later onset of symptoms. ER  - 
A nation-wide cross-sectional study of urinary albumin excretion rate, arterial blood pressure and blood glucose control in Danish children with type 1 diabetes mellitus; Nation-wide screening for microalbuminuria in Denmark was performed in 22 paediatric departments treating children with Type 1 diabetes. Over a period of 6 months 1020 children (≤12 years) and adolescents (>12 to 19 years) were screened (81% of total). Of these, 957 (94%) performed at least two timed overnight urine collections. In 209 non-diabetic subjects the upper 95% limit for normal albumin excretion rate (AER) was 20 μg min-1. Mean overnight AER was significantly (p<0.001) elevated in diabetic (3.0 times/divided by 2.3 (SD tolerance factor) μg min-1) and in non-diabetic (2.5 times/divided by 2.2 μg min-1) adolescents compared with diabetic (1.7 times/divided by 2.1 μg min-1) and non-diabetic (1.3 times/divided by 2.2 μg min-1) children. In the diabetic patients AER was positively correlated with the body surface area and age. Among the patients with Type 1 diabetes, 4.3% (18 males and 23 females) had AER >20 to 150 μg min-1 (persistent microalbuminuria). A further 7 adolescents (0.7%) had overt proteinuria (>150 μg min-1). Clinical data for the 41 diabetic patients with AER >20 to 150 μg min-1 were compared with those for 569 diabetic adolescents with AER ≤20 μg min-1 and duration of diabetes more than 2 years. The group with AER >20 to 150 μg min-1 had significantly higher mean age (16.5 years) than the group with AER ≤20 μg min-1 (15.0 years; p<0.001). Females with AER >20 to 150 μg min-1 had significantly higher mean HbA(1c) level (10.8±1.9%) than those with AER ≤20 μg min-1 (9.8±1.9%, p<0.03); they also had impaired linear growth (standard deviation score -0.25 vs +0.16; p=0.003). These associations were not found in males. Mean body mass index (BMI) was significantly increased in both females (22.2±2.9 kg m-2) and males (20.8±2.7 kg m-2) with AER >20 to 150 μg min-1, compared with diabetic patients with AER ≤20 μg min-1 (females 20.8±3.0 kg m-2, p=0.02; males 19.7±2.4 kg m-2, p<0.006). Mean blood pressure was significantly higher (94±9 mmHg) in the group of diabetic patients with AER >20 to 150 μg min-1 than in the group with AER ≤20 μg min-1 (87±9 mmHg; p<0.0001). No statistically significant differences in mean blood pressure or BMI were found between the diabetic patients and a control group of 663 non-diabetic healthy children. The findings suggest that hormonal changes in puberty, poor blood glucose control (particularly in females), and elevated arterial blood pressure may be risk factors related to the increased prevalence of microalbuminuria in diabetic children. ER  - 
A case-control study on endometrial carcinoma; In order to study the risk factors associated with endometrial carcinoma, a case-control study conducted in the First Affiliated Hospital of Xian Medical University, from July 1984 to June 1988. Interviews with 102 cases and 102 matched controls were made. The authors analyzed the data, by using odds ratio, chi 2 test, chi 2 test for trend and logistic regression. The results indicated that risk factors related to endometrial carcinoma might be early menarche, low frequency of pregnancy, nulliparity or low parity and obesity. The factors of hypertension, diabetes, uterine curettage, fluoroscopy of pelvic cavity and mental trauma might also play a very important role in the pathogenesis of endometrial carcinoma. There was no association between endometrial carcinoma and oral contraceptives, age of first birth, sterilization, leiomyoma of uterus. ER  - 
Increased testosterone in type I diabetic subjects with severe retinopathy; Diabetic retinopathy rarely occurs before puberty, suggesting that changes in sex hormones may influence the development of this condition. The authors measured serum testosterone, estradiol, DHEA-S, and sex hormone binding globulin levels in 26 men and 22 women with type I diabetes from the Wisconsin Epidemiologic Study of Diabetic Retinopathy (WESDR), a population-based study of diabetic complications. The mean age was 23 years and the mean duration of diabetes was 14 years. Subjects with proliferative or preproliferative retinopathy (≥ retinopathy level 51-80) were matched by duration of diabetes (±2 years) and sex to subjects with minimal or no retinopathy (≤ retinopathy level 21). Seven stereoscopic retinal photographs of each eye were obtained and photographs were read by the University of Wisconsin Reading Center. Serum testosterone concentrations were significantly higher in male diabetic subjects with proliferative retinopathy (648 ± 36 ng/dl) than in male diabetic subjects with minimal or no retinopathy (512 ± 43 ng/dl) (P=0.017). No other statistically significant differences in sex hormones between subjects with and without proliferative retinopathy were observed. Although these results should be regarded as preliminary because of the small number of subjects, they support the hypothesis that testosterone concentrations may be associated with the development of retinopathy in type I diabetic patients. ER  - 
Is menarche associated with diabetic retinopathy?; The goal of this study was to evaluate the association between menarchal status and diabetic retinopathy. Diabetic retinopathy was present in 51 of 129 females; 7 were premenarchal, and 44 were postmenarchal. The range of severity of retinopathy was greater in the postmenarchal group. In multivariate analyses, duration of diabetes, menarchal status, and diastolic blood pressure were associated with the prevalence of diabetic retinopathy. After partitioning the duration of diabetes into years before and years after menarche, both were significant, but the number of years of diabetes after menarche was more strongly associated. At a 4-yr follow-up examination, more postmenarchal than premenarchal females had progression of their retinopathy (P = 0.06). These data suggest that stage of sexual development, as reflected by menarchal status, is associated with the presence and possibly the risk of progression of diabetic retinopathy. ER  - 
Effects of sport (football) on growth: Auxological, anthropometric and hormonal aspects; There are very few data available on the relationship between sporting activities, endocrine levels and changes in anthropometric measurements during growth. In order to study these relationships, we have made measurements of growth, changes in physical conformation and the plasma levels of several hormones [cortisol, dehydroepiandrosterone sulphate (DHEA-S), testosterone, growth hormone, somatomedin C, insulin, glycaemia and haemoglobin A1C] in 175 boys, aged 10-16 years, who have played football at a competitive level and in 224 boys, severing as controls, who have never performed sporting activities regularly. The football players were divided into prepubertal and pubertal subjects (10-11.99 years, 12-13.99 years and 14-16 years, chronological and bone age groups). Our results showed no significant differences in the growth indices between prepubertal athletes and controls, but the plasma level of DHEA-S was significantly higher (P < 0.05) in the athletes. Pubertal football players, however, were significantly taller than the control subjects, particularly at 14-16 years chronological age. There were no such significant differences when bone age was considered. The pubertal football playes were also more advanced in all biological indices of maturity, i.e. pubic hair, testicular volume and bone age. The increase in DHEA-S in pubertal football players, already seen in prepubertals, was also combined with a significant increase in testosterone, growth hormone and cortisol levels. Thus, in football players the DHEA-S level is already higher during prepuberty. This increase thus precedes all other indices of growth and maturation associated with puberty. We hypothesize that, while not excluding the possible influence of selection, as ours is a cross-sectional study, adrenal hyperactivity may be mainly responsible for the earlier onset of pubertal growth and maturity in exercising males. ER  - 
Hypocortisolemia in children undergoing evaluation for growth hormone deficiency; The group of children who have clinical manifestations of GH deficiency may potentially contain a large number of patients with secretory defects of cortisol. We assessed physiological cortisol secretion by measuring the 24-h integrated concentration of cortisol (IC-F) in a series of 105 patients, aged 7-19 yr, undergoing endocrinological evaluation for growth impairment posiibly due to GH deficiency. The reference value for IC-F, established from 30 normal stature, normal weight children (controls), aged 7-18 yr, was 157 ± 41 nmol/L (mean ± 1 SD). There was no effect of age, gender, or pubertal status on IC-F in controls. The IC-F of patients was 150 ± 72 nmol/L. Twelve patients (11%) had IC-F values more than 2 SD below the mean (i.e. < 75 nmol/L) of the controls (P < 0.001). An IC-F below 75 nmol/L was associated with a blunted peak cortisol response to insulin-induced hypoglycemia (367 ± 160 nmol/L compared to 464 ± 155 nmol/L in the other patients; (P < 0.05). None of the patients had obvious clinical symptoms of hypocortisolemia at the time of testing. In general, IC-F levels were not correlated with IC-GH. However, 10 patients who had subnormal IC-F values also had laboratory evidence of GH secretory defects; 7 had subnormal IC-GH levels but normal stimulated GH responses, and 3 had both subnormal responses to stimulation as well as subnormal IC-GH. The long term prognosis and management implications of hypocortisolemia diagnosed in this patient group require further evaluation. ER  - 
Response to growth hormone in children with idiopathic short stature; A multicentre randomized trial of human growth hormone (GH) treatment was carried out in 121 children with short stature who did not meet the classic criteria for GH defiency. In the first year of the trial, half of the children received treatment with recombinant somatropin 0.1 mg/kg (0.27 IU/kg) three times weekly and showed a significant increase in mean growth velocity from a pretreatment value of 4.6 ± 1.1 to 7.5 ± 1.2 cm/year (mean ± SD). The growth velocity of the untreated children did not change significantly. The growth velocity of the control group (including 10 pubertal children) increased from 4.2 ± 1.3 to 5.0 ± 1.4 cm/year. In the second year, half of the control group received treatment with somatropin , 0.1 mg/kg (0.27 IU/kg) three times weekly, while the remainder received the same weekly dose on a once-daily basis. The mean growth velocity increased in both cases 8.2 ± 1.4 and 9.0 ± 1.6 cm/year, respectively. The group treaed during the first year was also divided into two groups in the second year. One group continued with the original treatment regimen, resulting in a mean growth velocity of 6.8 ± 1.8 cm/year. The other group changed to once-daily treatment at the same weekly dose and the mean growth velocity for this group in the second year was 7.8 ± 1.4 cm/year. The gain in height age in both of these groups exceeded the bone age in both the first and second years of treatment, suggesting a gain in predicted adult height. The major indicators of an improved growth velocity in the second year of treatment were, in declining order, first treatment year growth velocity, Tanner stage, daily dosage regimen, and pretreatment insulin-like growth factor I levels. The results that improved growth rates and predicted adult stature are observed in children with idiopathic short stature after treatment with GH. Daily treatment was found to be superior to the same overall dose give three times weekly. ER  - 
Transient growth hormone deficiency. A retrospective study; Two groups of patients with short stature and a limitation in the growth hormone (GH) response (peaks of 10 mU/l or below in response to 2 stimuli) differed by their GH responses at puberty: normalisation in group 1 (12 patients) and lack of normalisation in group 2 (13 patients). The condition of the patients of group 1 appeared to be less severe as judged by their initial height deficiency, their growth velocity and their GH peaks. Sex steroid hormone priming tests were highly discriminative, especially for the GH response to insulin stimulation. Other pituitary hormone deficiencies were never found in group 1, but did occur in group 2. Finally the beneficial long term effect of hGH therapy was questionable in group 1 in that there was no difference between the final heights of the treated (n = 7) and the untreated (n = 5) patients. ER  - 
Microalbuminuria in diabetic children and adolescents. Relationship with puberty and growth hormone; Urinary albumin excretion (UAE) was determined by radioimmunoassay in two 24 h urine collections from 125 diabetic children and adolescents and from 71 normal children matched for age and sex. Thirteen patients (10.4%) aged > 12 years had microalbuminuria, i.e. log transformed UAE levels above the upper normal range (24.5 mg/24 h). UAE values were positively correlated with age, GH secretion, but not with duration of disease, glycosylated hemoglobin, renal size or N-acetyl-beta-glucosaminidase excretion. Diabetic normoalbuminuric children aged 10 years and older had significantly higher UAE than controls and than younger diabetic patients matched for duration of disease. HLA DR3/DR4 heterozygosity frequency was significantly higher (p < 0.01) in the microalbuminuric group than in the normoalbuminuric. All microalbuminuric subjects (n = 8) with short duration of disease (3.92 ± 3.43 yr) developed diabetes at puberty. In conclusion, our cross-sectional study suggests: if a number of factors are combined, i.e. HLA DR3/DR4 heterozygosity, onset of disease at puberty and higher GH values, the probability of developing abnormal levels of UAE will increase. ER  - 
The relationship of puberty to diabetic retinopathy; The presence of background and preproliferative retinopathy in 70 patients with type I diabetes was correlated with their pubertal development. Pubertal status was assessed by pediatricians using the sexual maturity ratings of Tanner. In young diabetics with comparable disease duration (5 to 10 years), postpubertal children had a greater prevalence of retinopathy than those who were not sexually mature. After adjusting for duration of diabetes and sex, the relative odds of having retinopathy in the postpubescent group relative to the prepubescent or pubescent groups was 4.8 (95% confidence interval: 1.5 to 15.3). This study suggesst that minimal retinopathy in children is not rare and that postpubescent children have a greater prevalence of diabetic retinopathy than do prepubescent children with similar diabetes duration. ER  - 
Open spina bifida: Outcome for a complete cohort treated unselectively and followed into adulthood; Between 1963 and 1970, 117 consecutive cases of open spina bifida were treated unselectively from birth, following a full neurological examination. The author reviews the outcome 16 to 20 years later. 48 died before their sixteen birthday. Of the 69 survivors, 60 had had a shunt inserted and two were blind following shunt dysfunction; 22 were mentally retarded (IQ < 80); 35 were wheelchair-dependent; 52 were incontinent, and 32 of these continued to need help with its management; nine weighed > 75 kg; one-third of both sexes had a precocious puberty; three had insulin-dependent diabetes; 12 continued to need anticonvulsant drugs; 32 had suffered from pressure sores; 33 were unable to live without help or supervision and only 17 were capable of open employment. These findings demonstrate the wide range of disabilities implied by the diagnosis of open spina bifida. The neurological findings recorded at birth were reflected in the mortality and disability of the survivors. The sensory level represented a yardstick for predicting the likely range of handicap into adult life, provided no additional impairment resulted from serious complications: such damage occurred in seven of the survivors. ER  - 
Growth hormone secretion during sleep. II Interrelationships between growth hormone secretion, insulin-like growth factor I and sex steroids; The serum levels of insulin-like growth factor I (IGF I), dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHAS), testosterone (T) and estradiol (E2) have been measured in 78 prepubertal and 57 early pubertal patients referred for short stature, at the same time when their secretion of GH was evaluated both during nocturnal sleep and by two conventional stimulation tests. According to the results of GH measurements they were considered as having a normal secretion of GH (group I), a complete GH deficiency (group II), a partial GH deficiency (group III), low responses to stimuli with normal secretion during sleep (group IV) or a nocturnal neurosecretory dysfunction (group V). Though widely scattered, the IGF I levels showed the following characteristics: a significant increase at puberty from 0.77 to 1.29 U/ml (p < 0.001) in the so-called endocrinologically normal patients of group I, not in the other groups; in the prepubertal patients of group I, a correlation of IGF I with chronological age (r = 0.47, p < 0.005) and bone age (r = 0.52, p < 0.002); significantly reduced IGF I levels in patients of group II having complete GH deficiency (p < 0.001); no significant differences between prepubertal patients with partial or atypical GH deficiency from groups III, IV, V and prepubertal patients from group I; lower pubertal levels in groups III, IV, V than in pubertal patients from group I (p < 0.01). The relationships of IGF I with steroids were weak but significantly positive with DHAS in the 78 prepubertal patients (r = 0.36, p < 0.001); positive with the logarithm of T in the early pubertal males (r = 0.31, p < 0.05); negative with the logarithm of E2 in the early pubertal females (r = 0.59, p < 0.06). No correlation with DHAS was found in pubertal patients. There were no correlations between the parameters of GH secretion and the plasma steroids. It may be suggested that before puberty IGF I is modulated in part by DHAS. At the early stages of puberty, in boys T but not DHAS increases the serum levels of IGF I, provided that GH secretion is normal. While in girls, serum E2 correlates negatively with the levels of IGF I. This correlation needs to be confirmed on a larger series of female adolescents. ER  - 
Contribution of diabetes duration before puberty to development of microvascular complications in IDDM subjects; The contribution of diabetes duration, bot pre- and postpuberty, to the development of microvascular complications and mortality in diabetic subjects was investigated in three study populations from the Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh Insulin-Dependent Diabetes Mellitus (IDDM) Registry. Life-table analyses by total and postpubertal IDDM duration were used to evaluate differences in the prevalence of microvascular complications and diabetes-related mortality in subjects diagnosed before and during puberty, as defined by an age at IDDM onset marker of 11 yr for girls and 12 yr for boys. The prevalence of retinopathy and overt nephropathy in 552 White adult diabetic subjects (population 1, mean IDDM duration 20.8 yr) was significantly greater in subjects diagnosed during puberty compared with those diagnosed before puberty. However, similar analyses by postpubertal duration showed no difference in microvascular complication prevalence between the two groups. These findings did not appear to be due to a confounding effect of age. Additional analyses of 239 adolescent diabetic subjects (population 2, mean duration 8.3 yr) revealed the same trend for the prevalence of retinopathy. Finally, results concerning the risk of diabetes-related mortality in a cohort of 1582 subjects (population 3, mean duration 12.9 yr) indicated that postpubertal duration of IDDM may be a more accurate determinant of the development of microvascular complications and diabetes-related mortality than total duration, and it is suggested that the contribution of the prepubertal years of diabetes to long-term prognosis may be minimal. ER  - 
Factors influencing waist/hip ratio in randomly selected pre- and post-menopausal women in the DOM-project (preliminary results); In 452 pre- and post-menopausal women aged 41-75, participating in a breast cancer screening programme, we studied the associations between several factors and waist/hip ratio. Differences in waist/hip ratio between pre- and post-menopausal women could be accounted for by age and degree of obesity. In post-menopausal women, waist/hip ratio was positively related to age, independently of the degree of obesity. Post-menopausal women who reported to use oestrogens for menopausal complaints were found to have lower waist/hip values compared to non-users (0.74 vs 0.78 P < 0.05). Waist/hip ratio was not related to age at menopause, age at menarche or parity. We confirmed that the Quetelet's index is positively related to waist/hip ratio and that, at least before menopause, smokers have higher waist/hip values compared to non-smokers although the mechanisms for such an association remain obscure. Hypertension was associated with abdominal fat distribution in premenopausal but not in post-menopausal women. Diabetes mellitus was associated with abdominal fat distribution in post-menopausal women. These observations in this cross-sectional study suggest that environmental factors (smoking and oestrogen use after menopause) relate to the distribution of fat over the body. The other observations illustrate the importance of stratifying for menopausal status in studies on fat distribution in women. ER  - 
Relationship between the pubertal fall in sex hormone binding globulin and insulin-like growth factor binding protein-I. A synchronized approach to pubertal development?; In a cross-sectional study of 69 normal adolescents we have found sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG) levels to fall in both males and females throughout the pubertal period. Multiple regression analysis revealed a close negative correlation with insulin in both sexes. Weaker correlations were also found between SHBG and circulating androgen concentrations, in both males and females. Similar results were also obtained for a second circulating binding protein of primarily hepatic origin. This low molecular weight insulin-like growth factor (IGF) binding protein I (IBP-I) is one of two distinct classes of IGF binding proteins which bind IGF-I and IGF-II. IGF-I in turn mediates, at least in part, the actions of growth hormone. IBP-I also fell throughout puberty, correlating with the increasing insulin levels. In addition IBP-I correlated with androgen levels in both sexes. These similarities between SHBG and IBP-I, together with a strong correlation across puberty between the levels of the two binding protiens themselves (r=0.737, P < 0.001), suggest common mechanisms of control over the circulating levels of these two binding proteins. The association with insulin raises the possibility of a synchronized modulation of the actions of sex steroids and IGFs by nutritional intake. Thus pubertal growth and sexual development may occur over the same time with both modulated according to nutritional intake, linked through pancreatic insulin release, to hepatic production of SHBG and IBP-I. ER  - 
Retrospective estimation of diabetes incidence from information in a prevalent population and historical mortality; If the distribution of onset age of disease in a well-defined prevalent (cross-sectional) population of patients is known, disease incidence rates specific for age and calendar time period may be estimated, assuming known mortality rates and a closed population. This paper develops a method of estimation, illustrates this method on Danish diabetes data, and discusses its general applicability. The prevalent population of diabetic subjects in Fyn County on July 1, 1973 was ascertained from prescriptions, and information on disease onset was obtained from the patients' medical records. In this study only patients with onset of disease before or at age 30 years were studied. The mortality of diabetic subjects in Denmark was estimated from retrospective hospital data covering the period since 1933, and historical age-specific population sizes of Fyn County were obtained from census data. The incidence of diabetes increases with calendar time and with age for most cohorts. The variation with age for a fixed calendar year is more complicated, however, usually displaying a local maximum at about the age of puberty and a higher incidence at the upper end of the studied age range. ER  - 
Plasma renin activity and albumin excretion in teenage type I diabetic subjects: A prospective study; Plasma renin activity (PRA) may be high among teenage and young adult insulin-dependent diabetic subjects. Supine PRA and stimulated PRA were therefore measured in 50 female and 50 male diabetic subjects, 13-20 years old, diagnosed before the age of 16. Fifty percent have been restudied after 4.6 ± 0.2 (mean ± SEM) years. Initially, 43% had high PRA (supine 4.0 ± 0.37, stimulated 12.02 ± 0.8 ng/ml/hr angiotensin I), 45% had normal activity (supine 2.89 ± 0.26, stimulated 6.47 ± 0.34 ng/ml/hr/angiotensin I), and 12% had low activity (supine 1.57 ± 0.05, stimulated 3.09 ± 0.08 ng/ml/hr/angiotensin I). Levels were directly associated with prepubertal duration of diabetes and were inversely associated with duration of diabetes after onset of puberty but not with total duration or patient age. Within 4.6 ± 0.2 years the percentage of subjects with high PRA fell to 13%, and the percentage of those with low PRA rose to 35%. Initially 51% of the cohort had normal albumin excretion rates (AER) at rest and during exercise equal to or less than 10 μg/min/m2; 32% had elevated rates only during exercise of 39 ± 5 μg/min/m2; 13% had elevated rates at rest of 41 ± 8 μg/min/m2 and during exercise of 116 ± 21 μg/min/m2; and 4% had clinical proteinuria at rest and during each exercise period equal to or greater than 150 μg/min/m2. After 5 years, 58% continued to have normal AER, or their AER improved. Among these subjects PRA fell significantly. Thirty-four percent continued to have elevated AER or their AER continued to rise. PRA among these subjects remained significantly elevated. Among the 8% with clinical proteinuria, low PRA predominated. This cohort was singularly characterized by a long prepubertal duration of diabetes. Elevated angiotensin II associated with high PRA could increase glomerular capillary pressure and contribute to urinary protein loss and glomerular damage. Rapid decline to low PRA after the onset of puberty would reduce the risk of diabetic nephropathy, whereas a slow decline would enhance it. ER  - 
Levels of the small insulin-like growth factor-binding protein are strongly related to those of insulin in prepubertal and pubertal children but only weakly so after puberty; We have looked at the relationship between fasting levels of insulin and in a small insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-binding protein (IBP-1) in a cross-sectional study of 116 normal subjects aged 5-48 years. The relationship between IBP-1 and insulin was also examined within individual normal children in overnight profiles of IBP-1 and insulin obtained from two children at each stage of puberty (Tanner stages 1-5). In the cross-sectional study high levels of IBP-1 were found in early childhood and these fell throughout puberty as fasting levels of insulin rose. Multiple regression analysis revealed that both these changes were predominantly due to pubertal development rather than to age. After the age of 16 IBP-1 levels remained low despite fasting insulin levels returning to prepubertal levels. A strong negative correlation was obtained between IBP-1 and insulin in children of 5-16 years (r = -0.63; n = 60; P < 0.001), no such relationship being found after the age of 16. In the second study, IBP-1 underwent a marked circadian variation in all cases and an inverse correlation with insulin, measured at the same time, was obtained at pubertal stages 1 to 4, but not at stage 5 (pooled data stages 1-4, 5 = -0.69; n = 53; P < 0.001). We have demonstrated that a potential inhibitor of IGF-activity is inversely related to insulin throughout the period of active GH-related growth and that this relationship weakens after puberty. ER  - 
Urinary growth hormone during puberty in normal and diabetic children; The measurement of GH in urine may have many clinical applications, particularly in childhood. We have used a highly sensitive direct immunoradiometric assay to examine urinary GH excretion in children during puberty. Fifty-five healthy schoolchildren collected timed overnight urine samples. A further 36 children (15 normal, six of short stature and 15 diabetic) collected urine samples during a total of 50 overnight plasma GH secretory profiles (15-min sampling). Overnight urinary GH excretion increased during puberty, with a peak at breast stage 2 in girls, and genital stage 4 in boys, before declining at stage 5. There was a positive correlation (r = 57, p = 0.003) with height velocity in girls, but not in boys. At each puberty stage except 2, the diabetics excreted more urinary GH than the normal children. There was a highly significant correlation (r = 0.79, p <0.001) between mean overnight plasma GH concentrations and urinary GH excretion, suggesting that the latter accurately reflects physiological GH secretion. ER  - 
A comparison of childhood and adult Type I diabetes mellitus; The incidence rate of insulin-dependent (Type I) diabetes mellitus is bimodal: one peak occurs close to puberty, and the other in the fifth decade. To evaluate possible differences in these forms of the disease, we examined the clinical, biochemical, autoimmune, and genetic features of 82 children and adolescents (1.3 to 18.2 years old) and 44 adults (20.0 to 55.8 years old) when they presented with Type I diabetes. The mean (±SEM) duration of symptoms before diagnosis was longer in the adults (7.5 ± 1.0 vs. 3.9 ± 0.4 weeks; P < 0.001), and their serum C-peptide concentrations at diagnosis were higher (0.29 ± 0.03 vs. 0.17 ± 0.01 nmol per liter; P < 0.001), suggesting that they had more residual beta-cell function. There were no significant differences between the two groups in sex ratio, blood glucose levels, hemoglobin A1 values, degree of metabolic decompensation, or frequency of Type I diabetes in first degree relatives. Thirty-four of 80 children tested (42.5 percent) were positive for insulin autoantibodies, as compared with only 1 of 26 adults (3.8 percent; P < 0.001). However, the frequencies of islet-cell autoantibodies were similar in the adults and children (conventional autoantibodies, both 81 percent; complement-fixing autoantibodies, 46.2 percent and 60 percent). More children than adults were heterozygous for both HLA-Dw3/4 antigens (26.6 percent vs. 9.8 percent; P < 0.05) and HLA-DR3/4 antigens (36.6 percent vs. 12.5 percent; P < 0.05). We conclude that Type I diabetes that begins in adulthood is characterized by a longer symptomatic period before diagnosis, better preservation of residual beta-cell function, and lower frequencies of insulin autoantibodies and HLA-D3/D4 heterozygosity than Type I diabetes that begins in childhood or adolescence. ER  - 
Risk factors of endometrial cancer in Palermo; A case-control study on 150 cases and 300 non-neoplastic controls admitted to the Obstetric and Gynaecologic Clinic B of the University of Palermo from 1977 to 1986 was carried out in order to assess the risk factors of corpus uteri cancer in Palermo area. Age at menarche < 11, menopausal status, nulliparity, diabetes and obesity were found significantly associated with the risk of cancer; family history of neoplastic disease was slightly under statistical significance. It can be concluded that the same etiologic factors of endometrial cancer, as in other areas, may be operating in Palermo women. ER  - 
Changes in endogenous insulin secretion during childhood as expressed by plasma and urinary C-peptide; Basal fasting values of plasma C-peptide (CP), plasma insulin and 24 h urine CP were determined in 224 normal non-obese subjects of both sexes ranging in age from 1 to 20 years. Analysis of the results by age, pubertal rating, sex and bone age (BA) during childhood showed that mean ± SD plasma CP levels in both sexes rose from 0.07 ± 0.08 pmol/ml at the age of 1-2 years to 0.21 ± 0.11 pmol/ml at 8-10 years. Mean ± SD plasma insulin levels in both sexes rose from 3.2 ± 4.3 μU/ml at the age of 1-2 years to 5.9 ± 4.5 μU/ml at 8-10 years. Mean ± SD urine CP levels rose from 6.5 ± 2.8 pmol/mg creatinine per 24 h at the ate of 2-8 years to 7.7 ± 3.5 pmol/mg creatinine per 24 h at 8-11 years in both sexes. During puberty, plasma and urine CP and plasma insulin levels rose further to peak at pubertal stage P3, the values in females being higher (CP = 0.32 ± 0.06 pmol/ml) than rose in males (CP = 0.22 ± 0.06 pmol/ml)(P < 0.005). Plasma insulin levels in females were 13.2 ± 6.9 μU/ml and 6.4 ± 3.1 μU/ml in males (P < 0.05). Urine CP levels were 14.5 ± 5.7 pmol/mg creatine per 24 h and 10.8 ± 5.4 pmol/mg creatine per 24 h in females and males respectively (P < 0.05). With the rise in age, CP and insulin levels declined and towards adulthood were 0.23 ± 0.09 pmol/ml for plasma CP, 5.1 ± 4.2 μU/ml for plasma insulin and 8.7 + 4.1 pmol/mg creatinine per 24 h for both sexes. There was a correlation between plasma CP and plasma insulin (r = 0.32, P < 0.001, n = 89) and in pubertal males and females plasma CP correlated with BA (r = 0.32, P < 0.02). It is concluded that endogenous insulin secretion during childhood varies with age, pubertal stage and sex. The index of choice for the most accurate and discriminative estimation of insulin secretion would appear to be CP rather than insulin itself, due to the differences in metabolism of these substances. ER  - 
Risk factors for breast and endometrial cancer in a cohort of women treated with menopausal oestrogens; A matched case-control study was undertaken with the aim of determining the presence of several risk factors for breast and endometrial cancer in a cohort of women - recruited from a defined geographical area of Sweden - who had received at least one oestrogen presciption for menopausal symptoms. A mailed questionnaire was answered by 653 (88.8%) of 735 women sampled from the cohort (cases) and 952 (76.8%) of 1240 women sampled from the background population (controls) and these respondents formed the basis of the analyses. The prevalence rates of oophorectomy and hysterectomy were significantly higher among oestrogen-treated women than in the background population, 10.7% versus 2.6% (odds ratio (OR) = 5.1, 95% confidence interval (CI) 3.1-8.5) and 19.0% versus 7.3% (OR = 2.7, CI 1.9-3.8), respectively. Higher theoretical education entailed a more than twofold increase in the risk of receiving oestrogen treatment, compared with women with less than eight years at school. Women who had a first degree relative with breast cancer ran a relative risk of receiving oestrogen therapy of 0.6 (CI 0.4-0.9) whereas the risk for women with a prior breast biopsy was 1.4 (CI 1.0-2.1). For all other variables studied, ie diabetes, hypertension, age at menarche, age at first livebirth, nulliparity, age at menopause, height and weight, there were no statistically significant differences between the cohort of oestrogen-treated women and the background population. We conclude that the difference in the prevalence of hysterectomy has to be taken into account when calculating the risk of breast cancer, adjustments ought to be made for type of menopause (natural or surgical), education, and prior breast biopsy. ER  - 
Somatomedin-C/IGF-I measured by radioimmunoassay and somatomedin bioactivity in adolescents with insulin dependent diabetes compared with puberty matched controls; Plasma concentrations of insulin like growth factor-I in the adolescent diabetic remain controversial. IGF-I levels were determined by radioimmunoassay in 81 insulin dependent adolescent diabetics (49 boys and 32 girls) and compared with 75 puberty stage matched normal controls. Plasma somatomedin bioactivity was determined by cartilage bioassay in a smaller group of 10 normal and 25 diabetic subjects. IGF-I concentrations increased in the normals during puberty and there were no observed differences between the sexes. (P1, 0.77 ± 0.08; P2, 1.33 ± 0.2; P3, 1.59 ± 0.16; P4, 1.76 ± 0.16; P5, 2.24 ± 0.09). IGF-I also increased in the diabetics reaching a peak level at stage three in both girls and boys. Combining the data from both sexes the diabetics had significantly lower levels of IGF-I compared to controls at stages; (P1, 0.67 ± 0.05, ns. P2, 0.92 ± 0.1, p < 0.05; P3, 1.16 ± 0.09, p < 0.01; P4, 0.73 ± 0.11, p < 0.001; P5, 1.13 ± 0.11, p < 0.001). Plasma somatomedin bioactivity was elevated in the normals but inhibitory responses were observed in all but two of the diabetic subjects, highlighting the presence of inhibitory factors in diabetic plasma. HbA1C levels rose in the diabetics during puberty, however using covariance analysis there was no relationship between IGF-I and HbA1C when changes relating to puberty were excluded. The importance of controlling for pubertal stage as opposed to age is noted when assessing IGF-I status in the diabetic adolescent. ER  - 
Growth hormone secretion during sleep. I. Comparison with GH responses to conventional pharmacologic stimuli in pubertal and early pubertal short subjects. Effects of treatment with human GH in patients with discrepant measurements of GH secretion; Growth hormone (GH) was measured in 215 short children (147 males and 68 females, 123 prepubertal, 92 at early pubertal stages), comparing GH responses to classical pharmacologic stimulation tests and spontaneous GH secretion during sleep. GH secretion during sleep, but not GH responses to stimuli, was higher in early pubertal than in prepubertal subjects. The patients were classified into five groups, according to the agreement between GH responses to stimuli and GH secretion during sleep: group I, normal GH-secreting children; group II, completely GH-deficient; group III, partially GH-deficient; group IV, with normal secretion during sleep and low responses to stimuli; group V, with the reverse situation. 30% of the patients were in groups IV and V, both at prepubertal and early pubertal stages. 46 patients of groups II-V were treated with extracted human GH (hGH). The growth rate was enhanced in groups IV and V, to the same extent as in groups II and III. Four points can be concluded: (1) the rise of GH secretion during sleep is an early event at the onset of puberty; (2) the discrepancy between the GH responses to classical stimuli and GH secretion during sleep are of pathological significance; (3) disturbances of GH secretion might be diagnosed by measuring GH secretion during sleep rather than by using conventional stimulation tests; (4) a trial course of hGH treatment could be proposed in patients with both kinds of discrepancies between GH responses to stimuli and GH secretion during sleep. ER  - 
Endocrinological and metabolic disorders in the patients with massive bowel resection in the newborn period; Massive (70%) resection of the small bowel was performed in seven newborn infants. Follow-up study was undertaken in four of these patients and the growth and endocrinological status were evaluated. Body weight and height of three patients were below 50th percentile. On glucose tolerance test, peak IRI was low and insulinogenic indices were below normal range. These findings suggest that there are some mechanisms which suppress the secretion of insulin. Pituitary and thyroid function were within normal limits but secondary sexual manifestation was not seen in a fifteen year old boy. Hyperoxaluria was seen in three children, and one had kidney stone with some impairment of renal function. ER  - 
When should hydrocortisone therapy be instituted in children with hypopituitarism?; The records of 72 pediatric and adolescent patients with multiple hypothalamic and/or pituitary hormone deficiencies of nontumoral origin who were followed up for years and receiving somatropin, thyroxine, and sex hormones at the appropriate age have been reviewed. According to their corticotropin-releasing factor-corticotropin-cortisol (CAC) axis function as evaluated by basal plasma cortisol levels and the response of cortisol to insulin hypoglycemia and to corticotropin-releasing factor, the patients were divided into three groups: group 1 (n = 25), patients with multiple hypothalamic and/or pituitary hormone deficiencies with normal CAC axis; group 2 (n = 38), patients with partial CAC deficiency without cortisol replacement therapy (hydrocortisone); and group 3 (n = 9), patients with CAC deficiency receiving hydrocortisone therapy (5 to 10 mg/d). Repeated CAC axis evaluation in patients of group 2 over years revealed a progressive decrease in the basal and stimulated cortisol levels with age and pubertal advancement. Despite the low cortisol levels and the low cortisol response to insulin hypoglycemia, these patients did not have clinical symptoms until the end of puberty when nine of 24 patients complained of abdominal pain, weakness, or anorexia. Linear growth, which was followed up in all patients at regular intervals, showed a lower growth velocity and irregular growth in response to somatropin treatment in the patients receiving low doses of hydrocortisone (group 3 patients when compared with group 2 patients not receiving hydrocortisone). ER  - 
Comparison of growth hormone response to growth hormone-releasing factor 1-44 according to the combined study of sleep secretion with the responses to pharmacologic stimuli; The growth hormone (GH) response to GH-releasing factor (GRF) was studied in 54 severely growth-retarded patients (-2.1 to -6.5 SD) aged from 5 to 20 years (32 males and 22 females), among whom 34 were prepubertal and 20 at early pubertal stages. The patients were also submitted to a standard evaluation of their GH secretion, consisting of at least two classical pharmacologic stimulation (CPS) test, such as ornithine, arginine and/or insulin, and one study of the GH sleep secretion (SS). The results of the standard evaluation allowed to distinguish 5 groups: (1) endocrinologically normal (n = 26)); (II) completely GH deficient (n = 5); (III) partially GH deficient (n = 8); (IV) dissociated GH secretions with normal SS (n = 9), and (V) dissociated GH secretions with low SS(n = 6). The GH responses to GRF were correlated with both responses to CPS and SS. There was a large overlap of the individual responses to GRF between the 5 groups, but the mean responses in groups II, IV and V were significantly lower than in group I. Furthermore, the mean responses of groups IV and V were in the lower range of the normal. It is concluded that the GRF test may be useful to ascertain the diagnosis of functional or partial GH deficiency when the responses to CPS and SS are dissociated. ER  - 
Immunoreactive somatomedin C/insulin-like growth factor I in urine from normal subjects, pituitary dwarfs, and acromegalics; Using antibodies to somatomedin C/insulin-like growth factor I (SmC) produced in rabbits using the recombinant hormone, we have developed a radioimmunoassay for SmC. Gel-chromatography of urine revealed that the vast majority of immunoreactive SmC was eluted coincident with 125I-SmC and a small portion eluted with fractions having a mol. wt. range of 30,000-40,000. The SmC concentration in urine was determined by radioimmunoassay after ammonium sulfate extraction. Values did not orfinarily exceed 1 ng/ml. When the values form normal subjects were expressed as ng/mg creatinine, high levels were observed in the neonatal period. These values fell rapidly in infancy, declined more gradually in childhood, were slightly elevated at early puberty, and were lowest in adulthood. Urine SmC concentrations in 15 pituitary dwarfs were lower than the averages obtained from agematched control subjects, and six of them showed abnormally low values. Three patients with active acromegaly had high SmC values in urine. In conclusion, 1) SmC, mainly of monomeric form, was immunologically detected in urine. 2) Radioimmunoassay for urine SmC revealed that values varied considerable with age in normal subjects and were partially dependent on the human growth hormone status. However, the full meaning of the findings remains to be elucidated. ER  - 
Basal and stimulated insulin levels rise with advancing puberty; We studied the effect of pubertal development on insulin secretion. Intravenous glucose tolerance tests were performed on 47 islet-cell antibody negative siblings of diabetic children and on 16 normal adults. Puberty was staged using Tanner's criteria and subjects were grouped as follows:I, stage 1 (n=16); II, stages 2 and 3 (n=15); III, stages 4 and 5 (n=16); IV, adults (n=16). Fasting insulin increased with advancing puberty (ρ=0.59, P<0.001). The stimulated insulin response also rose with increasing pubertal development: for the 0-10 min insulin area, ρ-0.46, P<0.001 and for the 10-60 min area, ρ=0.68, P<0.001. There was a low positive correlation between insulin and age to 16 years but multiple regression analysis showed that this could be accounted for by puberty alone. Indded prepubertal children and adults did not differ. There was no correlation between glucose (fasting and 0-60 min area) and puberty or age. These findings suggest that insulin resistance increases during puberty, and this may contribute to the frequency of presentation or worsening control of insulin dependent diabetes at the time. ER  - 
Natural history of diabetic retinopathy in insulin-dependent juvenile diabetics. A longitudinal study; In 1975 a prospective longitudinal study of 63 non-pubescent children with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) was started in order to study the development of retinopathy. This paper presents the results of a 5- and an 8-year follow-up examination concerning the individual development of retinopathy in the patients. At the last follow-up the mean age of the patients was 21.9 years (18-23 years) and the mean diabetes duration 13.2 years 88.1-21.2 years). In 1975 only 5% had developed retinopathy. In 1980 this incidence had risen to 63% and in 1983 to 93% (14% proliferative retinopathy and 79% background retinopathy). In most patients the retinopathy developed slowly, in some patients, however, it deteriorated severely within a few years. A slight regression in the number of microaneurysms and in the number of haemorrhages was observed in a few patients. Microaneurysms seemed in all but one case to be the first pathological element in diabetc retinopathy and developed as a rule several years before other diabetic fundus manifestations occurred. Development of retinopathy was correlated to the duration of diabetes. No correlation could be demonstrated between the progression of retinopathy and the status of regultion. Retinopathy occurred only in 5 patients (8%) before puberty. ER  - 
Fanconi-Bickel syndrome; Clinical, biochemical, functional and morphological data are presented in nine infants, children and adults, with Fanconi-Bickel syndrome. Long-term follow-up studies show severe growth retardation, partly compensated for by late onset of puberty. Glomerular filtration rate is normal or slightly decreased. Renal tubular dysfunction is characterized by a specific pattern of impaired proximal tubular transport mechanisms, with marked impairment of glucose transport. The utilization of glucose and galactose is defective, whereas fructose metabolism seems to be normal. Glycogenesis of the liver may be an epiphenomenon. Glycogen accumulation in the kidney is limited to the proximal tubule, with maximal levels in the straight part. The Fanconi-Bickel syndrome is a defined clinical entity which is distinguished from other inherited metabolic diseases by complex defects of renal tubular transport and other forms of glycogenosis. ER  - 
Blood-retinal barrier permeability versus diabetes duration and retinal morphology in insulin dependent diabetic patients; The blood-retinal barrier permeability to fluorescein was quantitated in 54 patients (22 females and 32 males) with insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) of different duration. Correlation was demonstrated between permeability and diabetes duration. A normal permeability was measured in patients with up to ten years diabetes duration. A pathologically increased permeability was measured with ten to 15 years diabetes duration and during the next decade the permeability incresed rapidly to 5-10 times the normal value. Onset of diabetes in the decade before and after puberty did not change the pattern. However, the pathologically increased permeability after ten years duration of the disease could not be demonstrated in diabetics with onset of the disease after the age of 30 years. The permeability of the blood-retinal barrier correlated well with changes in retinal morphology as seen by ophthalmoscopy and fluorescein angiography. However, there was an overlap in permeability between groups with different retinal appearance. A significant factor was the presence of macular edema, which also apparently indicated a preproliferative state. ER  - 
Ultrasonic biometry of the uterus of the diabetic adolescent and possible correlations between genital development and diabetes mellitus; The sonographically determined length of the uterus in 100 insulin-dependent diabetic girls born from 1964 to 1974 is considered in relation to diabetes mellitus. In order to recognise the possibility of a disturbed development of the inner genitals during puberty of juvenile diabetics, the uterus development is considered in relation to ossification age, duration of diabetes, and to the period before or after the 10th year of age as well as before and after menarche. Before the 16th year of age the growth curves of the uterus in all metabolism groups show nonsignificant delays, which are difficult to interpret. Up to the 18th year the course of the curves reaches a similar standard of development, that is an average of 60 mm. In order to determine the precise moment of the diagnostic and therapeutic activity in delayed puberty development, it seems to us appropriate to use the sonographic measurement of the uterus length in addition to the definition of ossification age. ER  - 
Insulin-like growth factors in pygmies. The role of puberty in determining final stature; We measured the serum concentrations of insulin-like growth factors (IGF) I and II and testosterone in pygmy children, adolescents, and adults, as well as in controls, to determine more precisely the role of these factors in controlling growth. We had previously shown that growth hormone levels were normal in pygmies. Prepubertal pygmy children and controls did not differ in linear growth or in serum concentrations of IGF I and II. In pygmy adolescent boys, the mean (± SEM) serum concentration of IGF I was only one third that in control adolescents, who were similar to the pygmies in age and Tanner stage of development (154 ± 22 vs. 435 ± 37 ng per milliliter; P < 0.01). A similar difference in IGF I concentration was observed in girls (278 ± 18 vs. 570 ± 25 ng per milliliter; P < 0.01). IGF II and testosterone levels were normal in all groups. There was a significant difference in growth between controls and pygmies only during puberty. There was a marked acceleration of growth in the controls during adolescence, but such an acceleration was absent or blunted in the pygmies. These findings suggest that the short stature of adult pygmies is due primarily to a failure of growth to accelerate during puberty. We postulate that IGF I is the principal factor responsible for normal pubertal growth and that testosterone does not accelerate growth appreciably in the absence of an increase in the level of IGF I. ER  - 
Epidemiology of insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in Canterbury, New Zealand; A prospective study of incidence and prevalence of insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in persons under 20 years was conducted over a 4-year period (1 February 1982-1 February 1986) for the Canterbury Hospital Board (total population 342,000) area in New Zealand. A central register for the area was estiblished at the beginning of the study period. Degree of ascertainment was close to 100%. Average annual incidence was 11.7 persons per 100,000 (females: 10.6 per 100,000; males: 12.7 per 100,000) with a significant sex difference or temporal trends. Incidence peaks were seen for both sexes in the pubertal ages (females: 11 years; males: 13 years), with minor peaks occurring for both sexes in the pre-school ages. Age of onset was significantly younger in females than males. A seasonal variation in incidence was seen for males, with peaks in late autumn and mid-winter. 5.7% of the new diabetics had a first-degree relative with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Islet cell cytoplasmic antibodies were detected in 68% of new diabetics and in 0% of age- and sex-matched healthy controls. Thyroid, gastric and adrenal auto-antibodies were seen more frequently in diabetics than in controls, but this difference was not significant. Prevalence of insulin-dependent diabetes on 1 February 1982 was 1.00 per 1000 and 1.05 per 1000 on 1 February 1986. The insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus incidence characteristics noted for the Canterbury Hospital Board area are similar to those reported for European and North American populations. ER  - 
Growth and growth factors in diabetes mellitus; Growth of 79 children with diabetes was analysed at diagnosis and again after one to 10.7 years of treatment with insulin. Both sexes were tall at onset, whereas at the last observation boys alone showed significant growth retardation. Height standard deviation score (SDS), however, showed no significant fall either in 32 subjects reassessed after five years of disease or in 18 subjects examined at full stature. Skeletal maturity was not significantly impaired after treatment. Pubertal growth spurt was reduced, especially in girls and in subjects with onset of disease at or around puberty. We found no significant correlation between height and height velocity SDS and glycosylated haemoglobin values or secretion of growth hormone during the arginine test. Somatomedin C values were correlated with height velocity SDS in prepubertal boys. The results of this study suggest that there are interferences in the growth of children with diabetes but that they do not seem to have a significant influence on adult height. ER  - 
Correlates of high density lipoprotein cholesterol and apolipoprotein A-I levels in children. The Bogalusa Heart Study; Levels of high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and apolipoprotein A-I (apo A-I) may provide independent information concerning cardiovascular disease risk. Therefore, possible correlates of HDL-C and apo A-I levels were studied in 2827 5- to 17-year-olds from a biracial community, and the possible differences in these relationships were assessed. The characteristics examined included sexual maturation, plasma levels of glucose and insulin, obesity, reported oral contraceptive use, alcohol consumption, and cigarette smoking. In addition, levels of endogenous sex hormones (testosterone, estrogen, and progesterone) were measured in 515 adolescent males. HDL-C and apo A-I levels showed different (p < 0.001) relationships with both obesity and oral contraceptive use. Increases in subscapular skinfold thickness corresponded more closely to decreases in HDL-C, rather than apo A-I, levels; the relationship with HDL-C was probably mediated by triglyceride levels. In contrast, oral contraceptive use was associated with increases in mean levels of apo A-I (8 mg/dl, whites; 16 mg/dl, blacks), but with only very small changes in HDL-C. (High-estrogen oral contraceptives were related most closely to increases in levels of both HDL-C and apo A-I). Levels of both HDL-C and apo A-I were similarly related to sexual maturation and levels of testosterone (negatively in boys), cigarette smoking (negatively), and alcohol intake (positively). Since levels of apo A-I independently of HDL-C may indicate an increased risk of cardiovascular disease, characteristics related to apo A-I levels should be further examined. ER  - 
The prevalence of microalbuminuria in diabetic children and adolescents and its relation to puberty; The albumin excretion rate (AER) was studied in two groups of diabetic children and adolescents. Twenty-four-hour AER was studied in 75 children with diabetes for 5 years, in 49 children with diabetes for 10 years, in 55 children with diabetes for 10-20 years and in 21 age matched healthy controls. Overnight AER was studied in 129 diabetic children and adolescents with a duration varying from 1-14 years. Diabetics exhibited a wide range of AER-values and when expressed per body surface area, diabetic children had significantly higher AER compared to controls. Log transformed AER-values were significantly correlated to age and body surface area in diabetics but not in controls. In the diabetics, log AER was also correlated to systolic and diastolic blood pressure but not to HbA(1c). 20% of the diabetics had AER values exceeding the upper value for healthy controls which was 18.5 μg/min. 31/35 of them were older than 12 years. In both groups of diabetics, 5% had AER-values exceeding those reported to be predictive for later development of overt nephropathy, the youngest being 16 years old. When comparing diabetic children 0-12 years (i.e. before the maximal growth spurt of puberty) to those older than 12 years, at the same duration of diabetes, the latter group had significantly higher AER-values. No sex difference was found in either age group. It is concluded that after puberty diabetic patients also show evidence of incipient diabetic nephropathy. Thus, routine screening for microalbuminuria is recommended also in pediatric diabetes care after 12 years of age. ER  - 
Adult-onset amenorrhea: A study of 262 patients; A series of 262 patients with amenorrhea of adult onset are reported. Hypothalamic suppression followed by inappropriate positive feedback, and then hyperprolactinemia and ovarian failure are the most frequently encountered etiologies. Other etiologies are diverse and numerically less frequent. Amenorrhea after use of oral contraceptives, or postpill amenorrhea, occurred in 77 (29%) of all patients. The average age of presentation, prior menstrual history, associated morbidity, and subsequent reproductive potential of each diagnostic group are reported. Adult-onset amenorrhea has a less significant impact on future well-being than was reported for a similar-sized group of patients whose amenorrhea developed as a result of pubertal aberrancy. ER  - 
Bone and mineral metabolism in young children with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM); Osteoperosis has been recognized as a general and early feature in IDDM. The mechanism is unclear while conflicting results have been published regarding Calcium (Ca), Phosphorus (Ph), parathormone (PTH), and vitamin D (D3) status. We have therefore designed a cross-sectional study in a population of 31 children with IDDM, before or during (n = 12) puberty (mean age = 12 ± 4 years and diabetes duration = 4.5 ± 3.4 years). All patients were treated by two daily insulin injections, and mean HbA1c value was 8.7 ± 1.3%. None of them exhibited growth retardation nor overt diabetic nephropathy. 24-hour urine collections were used as well as plasma samples for Ca, Ph, and creatinine determinations. Plasma hPTH was measured by RIA on the 53 to 84 C-terminal fragment. D3 metabolites were extracted by HPLC and measured by a protein-binding technique (1,25(OH)2D3) or RIA (25(OH)D3). Results were compared to a matched population, according to the season of the year and pubertal stage. Bone mineral content was evaluated on left tibial bone x-ray. Mean values for plasma Ca and Ph, and calciuria were normal. In two patients, Ca was higher and Ph lower than in controls, and 7 patients exhibited calciuria >4 mg/kg/d. Mean values for plasma PTH (36 ± 11 ng/mL), 25(OH)D3 (13.1 ± 7.7 ng/mL), and 1,25(OH)2D3 (52.6 ± 34 ng/mL) were normal. However, three children before and three during puberty exhibited an elevated plasma level of the latter. In all cases, Ph tubular reabsorption rate was normal, while 60% of the children demonstrated a high glomerular filtration rate. Bone x-rays were normal. Our results do not support the concept of mineral metabolism early abnormalities, although our study was undertaken at the early stage of puberty. The fairly good glycemic control might have a role; but this hypothesis has to be confirmed by a long-term follow-up. ER  - 
The distribution of Type I (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus by age, sex, secular trend, seasonality, time clusters, and space-time clusters: Evidence from Montreal, 1971-1983; The etiology of insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus remains obscure. In an attempt to clarify some aspects of the epidemiology, including its compatibility with an acute infectious process, the authors undertook in-depth analyses of childhood cases accumulated in a population-based register in Montreal during the period from 1971-1983. Incidence rates increased with age until puberty, at which point they plateaued and decreased. There was no overall difference in incidence between males and females; however, the rate for females peaked approximately two years before the rate for males. While there was some variation over time, there was no evidence of a long-term trend, nor was the yearly variation impressive in magnitude. The findings further indicate that the disease is not characterized by explosive outbreaks. There was slight seasonality; with a 28% higher rate of onset in fall and winter than in spring and summer. There was some evidence of space-time clustering in 1971-1973, but not thereafter. Taken as a whole, these findings do not support the hypothesis that a significant portion of insulin-dependent diabetes is caused by an acute infectious process. ER  - 
Tall stature: A clinical, endocrinological and radiological study; We have studied GH secretory dynamics in 38 (25 F, 13 M) children referred for investigation and treatment of tall stature (Height SD score (SDS) > 1.8). Five children had elevated basal GH levels (mean 20.4 mU/l) and a further four had abnormal GH responses to exogenous TRH. Two other children had paradoxical GH responses to oral glucose loading. Although one of these was receiving high dose testosterone to limit final height. All these children were pubertal and did not show concordance between peak GH concentration observed after insulin-induced hypoglycaemia and during stage IV sleep. Twenty-four hour GH profiles revealed increased GH pulse amplitude and area under the pulse during puberty. Morning GH secretion was also regularly observed and it is possible that the paradoxical responses seen by us and reported by others reflect this increased physiological secretion. Pituitary radiology revealed morphological abnormalities suggestive of microadenomata in 17 patients but these were all in late puberty and these changes may be related more to the effects of sex hormones than to somatotroph pathology. 'Abnormal' endocrinology and radiology are seen in tall children in puberty and must be interpreted with caution. ER  - 
Relationships between growth factors (somatomedin-C and growth hormone) and body development, metabolic control, and retinal changes in children and adolescents with IDDM; We used the radioimmunoassay (RIA) method to determine somatomedin-C (SmC) basal values in 59 diabetic children and adolescents (20 prepubertal and 39 pubertal subjects; age range 2.75-20.16 yr; duration of diabetes 0.08-15.83 yr) and in 274 control subjects. In comparing diabetic subjects with controls, we considered only those 50 diabetic subjects who were age matched with the controls, i.e., those not over 16 yr chronological age. SmC basal levels in pubertal diabetic patients were no different from those of pubertal age-matched control children, whereas in prepubertal diabetic patients SmC was significantly lower than in the respective control children (P < .001). No correlation was found between the z score for SmC (i.e., the number of standard deviations each SmC level is from the age- and sex-normalized mean) and duration of disease, velocity standard deviation score, severity of fluoroangiographic retinal changes, basal C-peptide values and HbA1 levels. No differences were encountered in mean SmC and SmC z-score values in the separate groups of poorly, fairly, and well-controlled diabetic children, in the groups with and without residual pancreatic activity, and in the group with and without retinal changes. In 16 of the pubertal diabetics and in 15 pubertal controls, serum glucose, growth hormone (GH), and SmC concentrations were determined during the night. The integrated nocturnal secretion of SmC was no different in diabetics than in controls, whereas the integrated nocturnal secretion of GH was significantly (P < .025) higher in diabetics than in controls. These data suggest a partial block in somatomedin production, which would be compensated by a hypersecretion of GH through a negative-feedback relationship. On the other hand, it may be that GH hypersecretion is primary and that the normal or low SmC secretion is a response to low-efficiency GH. ER  - 
Physical and hormonal evaluation of transsexual patients: A longitudinal study; The physical and hormonal characteristics of 60 male-to-female transsexuals and 30 female-to-male transsexuals were measured before or during treatment with commonly used forms and dosages of hormones. Only two patients (both female-to-male) had either a congenital defect in hormonal production or abnormal genital development. Patients were seen at 3- to 6-month intervals for an average of 18 months. The response to therapy was examined over time; physical parameters, hormonal concentrations, liver function tests, lipids, and glucose were measured. Three patients were changed from ethinyl estradiol to conjugated estrogen because of liver enzyme elevations. Ethinyl estradiol (0.1-0.5 mg/day) was equal to conjugated estrogen (7.5-10 mg/day) in its ability to suppress testosterone and gonadotropins and to promote breast growth. Maximum breast growth required 2 years of therapy. During treatment with testosterone, female-to-male transsexuals had a significant mild elevation of cholesterol and triglyceride. The female-to-male transsexuals receiving testosterone cypionate, 200 mg every 2 weeks, ceased to have menstrual periods and became progressively masculinized. A mean maximal clitoral length of 4.6 cm which achieved by 1 year of therapy. Based on the data generated by this study, we recommend as hormonal therapy 0.1-0.5 mg/day of ethinyl estradiol or 7.5-10 mg/day of conjugated estrogen for male-to-female transsexuals, and intramuscular testosterone cypionate, 200 mg every 2 weeks, for female-to-male transsexuals. ER  - 
Hypothalamic-pituitary function of children with acute lymphocytic leukemia after three forms of central nervous system prophylaxis. A retrospective study; The hypothalamic-pituitary function of 93 children, who had received central nervous system (CNS) prophylaxis as part of their therapy for acute lymphocytic leukemia (ALL), and who remained in continuous complete remission, was evaluated retrospectively. Treatment regimens included - Group I: 31 subjects, intrathecal methotrexate (IT MTX); Group II: 31 subjects, IT MTX plus 2400 rad cranial irradiation; and Group III: 31 subjects, IT MTX and intravenous intermediate-dose methotrexate. Serum thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH) and T4 levels were normal. All participants had normal adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH) secretion as assessed by plasma cortisol responses to insulin hypoglycemia. Urinary follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH) and luteinizing hormone (LH) excretion of pubertal and postpubertal patients (N = 37) was appropriate, except for one subject from Group I who had an abnormally high output of gonadotropins, and one from Group II who had abnormally low levels. Growth hormone (GH) responses were subnormal after sequential arginine-insulin stimulation as follows - Group 1: 3 of 31 patients; Group II: 6 of 25 patients; and Group III: 2 of 29 patients. Nevertheless, all children had normal linear growth. It was concluded that the three forms of CNS prophylaxis evaluated had no long-term adverse effect on TSH and ACTH secretion. FSH-LH production appears to be normal, but final judgment must await follow-up studies because 60% of the patients were prepubertal or still receiving chemotherapy. Eleven patients had subnormal GH responses after pharmacologic stimulation of the pituitary, but long-term linear growth was unaffected. ER  - 
Nutrition and diet in the etiology of endometrial cancer; The risk of endometrial cancer in relation to nutrition and frequency of consumption of a few selected dietary items was evaluated in a case-control study of 206 patients with endometrial cancer and 206 control subjects with acute conditions unrelated to any of the established or potential risk factors for endometrial cancer. Obesity was strongly and positively associated with the risk of endometrial cancer, and several conditions related to body weight, such as early menarche, diabetes mellitus, or hypertension were more common in cases. The risk of endometrial cancer was elevated in subjects reporting (on a subjective basis) greater fat (butter, margarine, and oil) intake (relative risk estimate for the higher compared to the lower scores equals 5.65, with 95% confidence interval of 2.76-11.55). Cases reported less frequent intake of green vegetables, fruit, and whole-grain foods: thus, the risk of endometrial cancer appeared inversely related to indices of beta-carotene and fiber intake. Furthermore, cases consumed milk, liver and fish less frequently than controls. No significant difference was noted between cases and controls in the frequency of intake of carrots, meat, eggs, ham, and cheese. Alcohol consumption was somewhat larger among the cases, but this trend in risk was not significant. Dietary information collected in this study probably is too limited and inconsistent to permit analysis of biologic correlates of these findings or discussion of their potential implications in terms of prevention on a public health scale. Nonetheless, the mere existence of differences in reported diet between endometrial cancer cases and controls is of interest, and may warrant further, a more detailed investigation. ER  - 
Hyperendorphinemia in obese children and adolescents; To study the role of opioid peptides in human obesity, plasma β-endorphin (βEP), β-lipotropin (β-LPH), and cortisol resting values, circadian rhythms, and responses to hypoglycemia were studied in 6 prepubertal and 6 pubertal obese adolescents (at least 40% above ideal body weight) and in 10 normal subjects matched for age, sex, and pubertal development. Baseline plasma βLPH and βEP concentrations in both obese children and adolescents were twice as high as those in normal controls, while cortisol levels were not differen. Cortisol, βEP, and βLPH levels had a clear circadian rhythmicity in all subjects, with the exception of obese pubertal boys whose plasma βEP concentrations were constant throughout the day. After insulin administration, the fall in blood sugar was similar in all groups. Plasma cortisol and βEP responses were similar in both obese and normal prepubertal subjects. In obese pubertal adolescents, βEP did not increase significantly after hypoglycemia, although it did increase in normal weight pubertal subjects. In normal prepubertal subjects, the circadian rhythms of βEP and βLPH secretion and release induced hypoglycemia suggest the presence of a well developed neuroendocrine control of proopiomelanocortin-related peptide secretion. In prepubertal obese children, the increased plasma βEP and βLPH levels with the maintenance of their circadian rhythm and responsivity to hypoglycemia suggest overactivity of anterior pituitary secretion. In obese adolescents, in spite of the normal rhythm of βLPH and cortisol, βEP levels did not change throughout the day, thus suggesting βEP secretion from nonpituitary sources in these subjects. The present study indicates a possible direct role for hyperendorphinemia in the induction of overeating in obese children and adolescents. ER  - 
Serum levels of insulin-like growth factor (IGF) and IGF-binding protein in constitutionally short children and adolescents; Serum insulin-like growth factor (IGF) and IGF-binding protein (IGF-bp) levels were studied in 92 constitutionally short children and adolescents (height < mean for age -2 SD) and in 13 subjects after completion of growth. IGF levels increased with age in a manner similar to that in normal subjects, but at lower levels (P < 0.001). The values were 0.41 ± 0.03 SEM U/ml in 1 to 5 year old children, 0.72 ± 0.03 U/ml in 6- to 16 year old prepubescent children and 0.95 ± 0.05 U/ml during puberty. IGF-bp levels developed in a similar way, the values being 0.45 ± 0.06, 0.61 ± 0.04 and 0.85 ± 0.66 U/ml, respectively, for the three periods considered. Both IGF and IGF-bp levels in each of the three groups were significantly lower than those in normal subjects at the same stage of development. After fusion of the epiphyses, IGF and IGF-bp levels were within the normal range. A longitudinal study was undertaken in 15 subjects, showing increases in height corresponding with increases in IGF levels. For all the subjects studied during their growth period, there was a correlation between height age and IGF levels (r = 0.64, P < 0.001). All the subjects exhibited a normal rise in GH levels following stimulation. Although the possibility of quantitative or qualitative disorders of GH biosynthesis cannot be excluded in some of the cases, our data are compatible with the hypothesis that the growth retardation observed in constitutionally short children results, at least in part, from insufficient IGF production during post-natal growth. ER  - 
Intracranial germ-cell tumors: Natural history and pathogenesis; The natural history of primary intracranial germ-cell tumors (GCT's) is defined from 389 previously published cases, of which 65% were germinomas, 18% teratomas, 5% embryonal carcinomas, 7% endodermal sinus tumors, and 5% choriocarcinomas. Intracranial GCT's display specificity in site of origin. Ninety-five percent arise along the midline from the suprasellar cistern (37%) to the pineal gland (48%), and an additional 6% involve both sites. The majority of germinomas (57%) arise in the suprasellar cistern, while most nongerminomatous GCT's (68%) preferentially involve the pineal gland (p < 0.0001). The age distribution of afflicted patients is unimodal, centering with an abrupt surge in frequency in the early pubertal years; 68% of patients are diagnosed between 10 and 21 years of age. Nongerminomatous GCT's demonstrate an earlier age of onset than do germinomas (p < 0.0001). Prolonged symptomatic intervals prior to diagnosis are common in germinomas (p = 0.0007), in suprasellar GCT's (p = 0.001), and among females (p = 0.02). Parasellar germinomas commonly present with diabetes insipidus, visual field defects, and hypothalamic-pituitary failure. Nongerminomatous GCT's present as posterior third ventricular masses with hydrocephalus and midbrain compression. Germ-cell tumors may infiltrate the hypothalamus (11%), or disseminate to involve the third ventricle (22%) and spinal cord (10%). Among a subpopulation of 263 conventionally treated patients, two factors were of prognostic significance: 1) histological diagnosis; germinomas were associated with significantly longer survival than nongerminomatous GCT's (p < 0.0001); and 2) staging of the extent of disease; this emphasizes the ominous character of involvement of the hypothalamus (p = 0.0002), third ventricle (p = 0.02), or spinal cord (p = 0.01). Specific recommendations regarding the necessity of histological diagnosis and staging of the extent of disease are made in light of modern chemotherapeutic advances. The pathogenesis of GCT's may be revealed by their specificity of origin within the positive (suprasellar cistern-suprachiasmatic nucleus) and negative (pineal) regulatory centers for gonadotropin secretion within the diencephalon. The abrupt rise in age distribution at 10 to 12 years suggests that the neuroendocrine events of puberty are an 'activating' influence in the malignant expression of these embryonal tumors. ER  - 
The epidemiology of diabetes in Swedish children 0-14 years - A six-year prospective study; Since 1 July 1977, all newly diagnosed diabetic children in Sweden aged 0-14 years have been reported to a central register. During the first 6 years, 2300 newly diagnosed diabetic children out of a population of 1.6 million children were registered. The degree of certainty was close to 100%. The mean of the yearly incidence rate for the whole 6 year period was 23.6 per 100,000. The prevalence of insulin dependent diabetes mellitus on 1 July 1980 was 1.48 per 1000 and 1.52 on 1 July 1983. Comparing the first and second 3-year periods, an increase was found (22.7-25.1 per 100,000). This increase was consistent when analyzing incidence rates by age, sex, and geographical distribution. Cumulative incidence rates revealed a risk of developing diabetes by the age of 15 years of 3.6 per thousand for boys and 3.2 per thousand for girls. The higher incidence for boys was consistent throughout the study period. Seasonal variations in the incidence rate were also consistent, showing yearly incidence peaks in the autumn and winter months. Incidence peaks were noted for both sexes in the pubertal ages. Age- and sex-standardized morbidity ratios varied significantly within the country. 12.8% of the probands had a first degree relative with Type 1 diabetes, and it was twice as common that this relative was a father as a mother. The high and rapidly increasing incidence of Type 1 diabetes in a genetically stable population such as Sweden cells for case-control studies directed towards the identification of environmental pathogens. ER  - 
The vibratory perception threshold in young diabetic patients: Associations with glycemia and puberty; The vibratory perception threshold, an indicator of sensory neuropathy, was measured in young type I diabetic patients (N = 55) and nondiabetic control subjects (N = 34) of similar age. Values were significantly higher in the diabetic patients (P < 0.01), and 20% had values greater than that of any control subject. This difference was most marked among those postpubertal and persisted with allowances for age and gender in an analysis of covariance. Although the vibratory perception threshold was not related to hemoglobin A1 in younger diabetic patients (Tanner stage < 5), there was a highly significant positive relationship in postpuberal patients (r = 0.72, P < 0.001). There were also associations of the vibratory perception threshold with age in diabetic and control subjects (r = 0.44 and r = 0.43, respectively, P < 0.01 for both) and with diabetes duration (r = 0.36, P < 0.01). These data indicate that vibratory perception threshold abnormalities occur early in the course of type I diabetes mellitus; however, they are more evident in those patients who are postpubertal. In addition, they suggest that the association between the vibratory perception threshold and glycemia may be modified by developmental factors. ER  - 
Obesity, acanthosis nigricans, insulin resistance, and hyperandrogenemia: Pediatric perspective and natural history; We studied the syndrome of acanthosis nigricans, obesity, insulin resistance, and hyperandrogenemia in 22 patients. Although isolated case reports in adolescents have appeared, this syndrome has not received full recognition as a pediatric entity. Our patients (17 girls, five boys) had a mean weight 5.7 SD above the mean for age, although mean height was only 0.5 SD above the mean for age. All patients had acanthosis nigricans. Their insulin resistance was significantly greater than that in a control group with comparable obesity. Fasting insulin concentration was 5.25 μU/ml in lean controls, 19.6 μU/ml in obese controls, and 49.8 μU/ml in study patients (P < 0.002). Mean glucose disappearance rate during an insulin tolerance test was 6.7%/min in lean controls, 5.19%/min in obese controls, and 2.35%/min in study patients (P < 0.02). After menarche, mean plasma testosterone concentration was 106 ng/dl, compared with <50 ng/dl in all lean and obese control patients. Data derived from our series of patients lead us to conclude that (1) this is a genetic syndrome, although the exact mode of inheritance is unclear; (2) the natural history of the syndrome invariably begins with the onset of obesity, followed by acanthosis nigricans that worsens with progressive weight gain; (3) acanthosis nigricans is thus a marker for hyperinsulinemia, which occurs before hyperandrogenemia; (4) hyperandrogenemia occurs only after menarche. Identification of this syndrome should permit monitoring for the development of hyperandrogenemia during puberty and determination of other affected family members. ER  - 
Limited joint mobility in diabetes mellitus; The relationship of limited joint mobility and finger joint contractures in diabetics to age of onset, duration, and control of diabetes has not been established. We measured the mobility of metacarpophalangeal, wrist, elbow, and ankle joints and assessed the prevalence of finger joint contractures in 254 young diabetics and 110 controls. The presence of microvascular disease was assessed by ophthalmoscopy and urine analysis for proteinuria. An estimate of long-term diabetic control was obtained from a postal questionnaire. A generalised reduction in joint mobility was present in diabetics of all ages two years after diagnosis. The reduction in joint mobility in controls between the ages of 12 and 13 was exaggerated in the diabetics. Diabetics diagnosed before puberty were more severely affected than those with a postpubertal onset, independent of duration of diabetes. Finger joint contractures were a significant feature of longstanding diabetics (nine years or more duration) only. ER  - 
Serum levels of insulin-like growth factor (IGF) and IGF binding protein in constitutionally tall children and adolescents; Serum insulin-like growth factor (IGF) and IGF binding protein (BP) levels were studied in 89 constitutionally tall children and adolescents (height > mean for age + 3 SD in 90% of the subjects). After separation by acidic gel filtration, the samples were assayed for IGF using a protein-binding assay (which measures mainly IGF I-related peptides) and for IGF BP by titration, in both cases using IGF I as tracer. The reference standard was a pool of normal adult serum with an assigned potency of 1 U IGF and 1 U IGF BP/ml. IGF levels increased with age in a manner similar to that in normal subjects, but at higher concentrations (P < 0.02). The values were 0.77 ± 0.05 (SE) U/ml in 1- to 5-yr-old children, 0.96 ± 0.08 U/ml in 5- to 11-yr-old prepubescent children and 1.51 ± 0.07 U/ml during puberty. BP levels developed in a different way from the above in that the increase with age was slight (0.70 ± 0.07, 0.67 ± 0.09, and 0.97 ± 0.07 U/ml, respectively, for the three periods considered) and the levels were lower than those of normal subjects (P < 0.005). After fusion of the epiphyses both IGF and BP levels were within the range of normal values. Thirteen girls underwent prolonged treatment (mean, 26 months) with ethinyl estradiol (250-300 μg/day). Deceleration in growth was accompanied by a progressive decrease in IGF levels throughout the period of therapy and a rise in BP levels during the first 6 months, after which they stabilized within the range of normal values. Although it is possible that excessive secretion of GH (which was not demonstrated by the usual tests) may be the cause of the elevated IGF levels during growth in these constitutionally tall subjects, it seems likely that the high IGF levels combined with the abnormally low levels of BP were responsible for their excessive growth. ER  - 
Muscle capillary basement-membrane thickness and long-term glycemia in type I diabetes mellitus; We explored the relation between the thickness of the quadriceps-muscle capillary basement membrane and the glycemia level in 102 young patients with Type I diabetes (median age, 17 years; range, 12 to 29). Membrane thickness was measured in serial biopsy specimens obtained after two consecutive 2 1/2 -year observation periods, and glycemia was assessed in terms of glycosylated hemoglobin and fasting blood glucose levels determined at eight-week intervals. An association between membrane thickness and glycemia level was apparent in both cross-sectional and longitudinal analysis. Cross-sectional analysis of data on 39 postpubertal patients (growth <1.0 cm during the five years) showed a positive association of membrane thickness to glycosylated hemoglobin (r = 0.53, P = 0.0002) and blood glucose values (r = 0.37, P = 0.01) averaged over the antecedent 2 1/2 -year period. By contrast, in 32 pubertal patients (growth > 7.5 cm) there was a significant negative association of membrane thickness to both glycosylated hemoglobin (r = -0.40, P = 0.01) and blood glucose (r = -0.42, P = 0.009). In longitudinal analysis, there was no correlation between changes in membrane thickness and average glycemia levels during the two follow-up periods in 32 pubertal patients (for glycosylated hemoglobin, r = 0.11; P = 0.25), but in the postpubertal group (n = 20) there was a significant positive covariation (r = 0.57, P = 0.0004). The data indicate that in postpubertal diabetic patients, the thickness of the muscle capillary basement membrane is positively related to the level of glycemia, but this relation does not obtain in the pubertal state. ER  - 
Dissociation of adrenarche and gonadarche in diabetes mellitus; Serum concentrations of testosterone and dehydroepiandrosterone sulphate (DHAS) have been measured in 10 stable insulin-dependent diabetic (IDD) males (chronological age (CA) range 13.0-17.5 years). Their results have been compared with those of a control population of 69 non-diabetic males who presented with mild constitutional growth delay and whose skeletal maturity and pubertal development were similar to the diabetic subjects. Within bone ages (BA) 11.1-14.5 years no significant difference was observed between the serum testosterone concentrations of the diabetic patients and controls: diabetic males, 8.2 (0.3-25) nmol/l (median and range); controls, 7.0 (<0.3-23)nmol/l. In contrast, within BA 11.0-14.5 years, the diabetic males had significantly lower serum DHAS concentrations: diabetic males, 1.1 (0.7-4.2) μmol/l; controls, 3.7 (0.7-5.6) μmol/l (P < 0.001). The serum DHAS concentrations of the diabetic males were also significantly lower than the controls when matched separately for pubic hair and genital development, testicular volume and serum testosterone, (in each comparison P < 0.02). Serum DHAS concentrations of the diabetic males did not correlate significantly with CA, BA, BA delay (CA-BA), age of onset of diabetes, duration of diabetes, or glycosylated haemoglobin (GHb), but significant correlation was observed between BA delay and duration of diabetes, r = 0.65, P < 0.05. We conclude that gonadarche appears to proceed despite delayed adrenarche in IDD males. This study presents further evidence in favour of adrenarche and gonadarche being independent physiological events. The causes and clinical significance of low serum DHAS concentrations in adolescent diabetic males remain to be established. ER  - 
Characteristics of estrogen-treated women. A descriptive epidemiological study of a Swedish population. II; A cohort of 23,233 women who had received estrogen prescriptions was recruited for a prospective study of estrogen therapy and the associated risk of endometrial cancer. For a detailed study, a comprehensive questionnaire was mailed to 735 randomly sampled cohort members, and 89 per cent of them responded. Estrogen exposure and its implications were described in a preceding paper (part I). The present paper reports the distribution in the cohort sample of personal features known to be the risk factors for endometrial cancer. A comparison with results from various materials derived from population-based surveys and case-control studies implied that the cohort members might have a lower proportion of nulliparity (infertility) and a somewhat higher prevalence of hypertension. Differences in the distributions of age at menarche or menopause, weight, height and prevalence of diabetes were according to these comparisons slight and probably without clinical significance. It was concluded that the prevalence of risk factors for endometrial cancer other than estrogen exposure was not higher in the cohort than in the background population. Moreover, approximately one-fifth of the estrogen takers had been freed of their risk through hysterectomies. ER  - 
Secondary hyperparathyroidism and glucose intolerance in children with uremia; Glucose metabolism was studied using the glucose clamp technique in 8 children with CRF (4 pubertal and 4 prepubertal) before and after correction of secondary hyperparathyroidism (HPD) by a regime of phosphate binders and dietary phosphate restriction. Glucose metabolic rate (M) increased by 34%, insulin response (I) increased by 32%, and insulin sensitivity (M/I) did not change. Compared to corresponding normal values, these patients were glucose-intolerant (low M) before treatment and became glucose-tolerant after treatment (normal M). They were insulin-resistant (low M/I) before treatment and remained so after treatment. The 5 uremic children without secondary HPD were treated with the same regime to prevent the secondary HPD. Their M, I, and M/I did not change after treatment. The change in I correlated closely with the change in M in all 13 patients. One pubertal patient with uremia was studied on three occasions. Initially, without secondary HPD, he had a normal M and a low M/I. When he developed secondary HPD, M decreased by 39%, I decreased by 37%, and M/I did not change. Treatment of his secondary HPD restored M and I values back to initial levels, and M/I again did not change. Treatment of secondary HPD by correction of phosphate retention led to an improvement of glucose intolerance with an increase in insulin secretion. ER  - 
Glucose intolerance in children with chronic renal failure; Carbohydrate metabolism was studied by the hyperglycemic clamp technique in 14 children with moderate to severe chronic renal failure (CRF) (8 pubertal and 6 prepubertal) and was compared with 5 healthy prepubertal children and 7 healthy young adults. Constant hyperglycemia was maintained for 120 min. Under these conditions, the average glucose infusion rate (M) is an index of glucose metabolic rate, the average insulin response (I) is an index of beta cell responsiveness to hyperglycemia, and the M/I ratio is an index of insulin sensitivity. Children with CRF were glucose intolerant (lower M), hyperinsulinemic (higher I), and insulin resistant (lower M/I) compared with the control children. An age-related difference in glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity was noted. Pubertal children with CRF had lower M and lower M/I compared with prepubertal children with CRF. The 7 adult controls also had lower M and lower M/I compared with the 5 children controls. M and M/I correlated with glomerular filtration rate (GFR) in the 8 pubertal children, while M/I also correlated with GFR in the 6 prepubertal children with CRF. The hyperglycemic clamp provides a useful tool in studying the pathogenesis of carbohydrate disturbances in children with CRF. ER  - 
Puberty gingivitis in insulin-dependent diabetic children. I. Cross-sectional observations.; This cross-sectional study examined the gingivitis occurring at puberty in a population of insulin-dependent juvenile diabetics. Seventy-seven children between the ages of 6 and 15 years were examined for gingivitis levels, stages of pubertal maturation and blood levels of glucose and glycosylated hemoglobin. Bacterial plaque was sampled from one or more approximal tooth surfaces of every subject and cultured under anaerobic and aerobic conditions on nonselective and selective media. The total cultivable flora and percentage of certain presumptive periodontopathic bacteria were determined. Before puberty, children with "high" levels of glycosylated hemoglobin also had higher gingivitis levels than children with "normal" metabolic control of diabetes. During puberty, the level of gingivitis increased independently from both fasting blood glucose levels and per cent glycosylated hemoglobin. The microbiota of marginal plaque was predominantly composed of facultatively anaerobic bacteria. The percentages of Capnocytophaga sp and Actinomyces naeslundii were statistically higher at the onset of puberty, suggesting that a specific bacterial shift in the microbial composition of marginal plaque occurs in response to host changes in juvenile diabetic children at this age period. ER  - 
Epidemiological studies of diabetes mellitus in Denmark: III. Clinical characteristics and incidence of diabetes among males aged 0 to 19 years; This study presents the clinical-epidemiological analysis of data from 769 individuals, representing > 95% of all cases of diabetes mellitus diagnosed during the first 20 years of life among the Danish male birth cohorts 1949-1956 inclusive. It is concluded that except for a very few, all cases of diabetes developing during the first 20 years of life are insulin-dependent with a duration of symptoms < 2 months before diagnosis in > 75% of the cases. The cases were evenly distributed within Denmark at the time of birth as well as of diagnosis, and > 98% were admitted to hospital at diagnosis. A relatively higher proportion of cases diagnosed during autumn and winter periods was found, but was not statistically significant. Incidence was analysed in a regression model with age and calendar time as variables; the variation of age at onset was similar to previous studies with a peak at pre-school age and at puberty. Contrary to previous Danish analyses, we found a significant calendar time variation with steadily increasing age-specific incidences from the beginning of 1950s until an apparent maximum in mid-1970s. ER  - 
Periodontal disease in juvenile and adult diabetic patients: a review of the literature.; Epidemiologic studies have suggested that the severity of periodontitis is greater in juvenile and adult onset diabetes. In juvenile diabetic patients, the periodontal disease seems to be initiated around puberty and progresses by age. Reviewing the medical literature indicates a similar age of onset for known systemic complications resulting from diabetes. Angiopathy, abnormal collagen metabolism, abnormal PMN function, and altered sulcular microbial flora have been found to be closely associated with the severity of periodontitis in diabetic patients. The association between abnormal neutrophil function and severity of periodontal disease in diabetic patients provides an opportunity for examining the role of neutrophil in periodontal disease. Future investigation in the function of sulcular PMN may shed light on the complex mechanism of periodontal disease. ER  - 
Somatomedins in adolescence: A cross-sectional study of the effect of puberty on plasma insulin-like growth factor I and II levels; To explore the effect of puberty on the somatomedins (SMs), a group of insulin-like peptides which mediate the action of GH on skeletal tissue, we measured SM-C/insulin-like growth factor-I (SM-C/IGF-I) and IGF-II by specific RIAs in 110 adolescents between the ages of 10 and 18 yr. All subjects were in good health and between the 5th and 95th percentiles for height. In both females and males, SM-C/IGF-I levels rose during puberty to a peak approximately 3-fold higher than the average adult level. The rise in Sm-C/IGF-I levels corresponded better with the Tanner stage of the adolescents than with their chronological age. IGF-II levels did not rise during puberty and were slightly below adult levels. The dramatic rise in Sm-C/IGF-I levels during puberty suggests a role for this SM peptide in the adolescent growth spurt. Furthermore, these data indicate that proper interpretation of SM-C/IGF-I levels during adolescence must include a knowledge of the patient's pubertal development. ER  - 
Limited joint mobility in diabetes mellitus of childhood. Natural history and relationship to growth impairment; We report a prospective study of the recently recognized complication of limited joint mobility in childhood diabetes, summarizing data collected over the seven years after the initial description of this sign. Of 309 patients, ranging in age from 1 to 28 years, 30% had limited joint mobility. No race or sex influence on expression of limited joint mobility was found; its appearance was temporally more influenced by age than by duration of diabetes. Of 142 patients with diabetes onset before puberty and of longer than three years' duration, 74 had limited joint mobility. Disproportionate distribution of height percentiles for age characterized this entire group, but those with limited joint mobility had four times the skewing of those without (74 vs 37% below the twenty-fifth percentile). The presence or absence of thyroid microsome or islet cell antibodies did not relate significantly to limited joint mobility. Diabetes control, assessed subjectively by clinical estimation and objectively by hemoglobin A1 levels, was generally unrelated to the joint findings. For patients with diabetes duration less than five years, there was a significant association between hemoglobin A1 and limited joint mobility, but the variability in values explained by this association was small (11%). ER  - 
Induction of puberty in men by long-term pulsatile administration of low-dose gonadotropin-releasing hormone; Puberty is heralded by the appearance of episodic gonadotropin secretion. Men with idiopathic hypogonadotropic hypogonadism have an abnormality in gonadotropin release and do not undergo normal puberty. Since idiopathic hypogonadotropic hypogonadism is thought to represent a disorder of gonadotropin-releasing-hormone (GnRH) secretion, we used long-term low-dose subcutaneous GnRH, administered in an episodic fashion by a portable infusion pump, in an effort to establish a normal adult pattern of gonadotropin secretion in six men. Al subjects noted spontaneous erections, nocturnal emissions, and breast tenderness, which were associated with elevations of serum testosterone levels (77±13 ng per deciliter [mean ± S.E.] before therapy vs. 520±182 ng after one month of treatment; P<0.001). Gonadotropin levels rose to normal adult ranges within one week of therapy and to supraphysiologic levels by 14 days. Testis size increased in four patients, and spermatogenesis was achieved in three patients by 43 weeks of therapy. These results suggest that long-term episodic GnRH administration can reverse idiopathic hypogonadotropic hypogonadism. ER  - 
Pubertal endocrinology of the baboon: Elevated somatomedin-C/insulin-like growth factor I at puberty; Previous data suggested an increase in the rate of weight gain and linear growth in the baboon between 3 and 4 yr of age, similar to the pubertal growth sport in man. In this cross-sectional study, radioimmunoassayable concentrations of somatomedin-C/insulin-like growth factor I(SM-C/IGF-I) were compared in prepubertal (<3 yr), pubertal (3-4 yr), and adult (>10 yr) animals. SM-C/IGF-I concentrations in prepubertal males (0.97 ± 0.10 U/ml) were low and were not different from those in prepubertal females (0.98 ± 0.15 U/ml). Between 3 and 4 yr, SM-IGF-I increased significantly in both sexes (8.87 ± 0.74 and 5.27 ± 0.52 U/ml, male and female, respectively) and decreased (5.92 ± 1.2 and 2.75 ± 0.13 U/ml, respectively) in animals greater than 10 yr of age. Sex differences were significant in the 3- to 4-yr-old animals (male greater than female, P < 0.001). The pubertal elevation in SM-C/IGF-I concentrations is coincidental with increases in indices of somatic growth and sexual maturation in the baboon. These and other data suggest that this animal may be an appropriate model for studies to define hormonal mechanisms of pubertal growth. ER  - 
Hypopituitarism and idiopathic delayed puberty: A longitudinal study in an attempt to diagnose gonadotropin deficiency before puberty; Fifty-five hypopituitary patients (43 boys and 12 girls) treated with human GH were studied longitudinally before and during puberty, occuring either spontaneously or induced with testosterone enanthate (100 mg/month, im) in boys and ethinylestradiol (10 μg/day, orally) in girls. In addition, 53 boys with idiopathic delayed puberty (IDP) were studied. Gonadotropin integrated responses (IRs) during 90 min after the iv injection of 25 μg/m2 LRH, bone ages (BA), and plasma levels of dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate and testosterone were determined at least yearly. Prepubertal hypopituitary patients with gonadotropin deficiency were characterized by: 1) a lowered FSH IR to LRH in most boys and in all girls; 2) a low LH IR for BA; 4) adrenarche either absent or delayed for BA; 4) height age close to BA; and 5) the presence of several pituitary deficiencies. In contrast, most prepubertal hypopituitary patients without gonadotropin deficiency showed: 1) a normal FSH IR to LRH; 2) a normal or intermediate (≥ 75 mIU/ml.90 min) LH IR for BA; 3) a normal adrenarche for BA; 4) a height age below BA; and 5) isolated GH or GH plus TSH deficiencies. A significant linear correlation was found between LG IR and the logarithm of plasma testosterone. The slopes and levels were similar in controls and hypopituitary boys without gonadotropin deficiency. In IDP, the level was significantly higher. All data obtained in these patients show that the increase in plasma testosterone and the clinical onset of puberty are delayed for the observed pubertal pattern of LH responsiveness. It is concluded that the study of several clinical and biological features, especially the gonadotropin IR to LRH, are of predictive value for the diagnosis of normal or deficient gonadotropic function in prepubertal patients with IDP and hypopituitarism. ER  - 
Characteristics of male prolactinoma and problems in management; 7 male cases with prolactin-secreting pituitary adenomas were studied. The mean age was 29.4 years (range: 19 to 34 years). All had visual impairment, decreased libido/impotence, and lessened general body hair. Plain X-ray films of the skull and sellar tomograms revealed destruction of the sella turcica and upper clivus in all cases. Marked suprasellar extension of the tumor was noted in 5 of 6 patients who underwent pneumoencephalography. Endocrinological evaluation disclosed hyperprolactinemia (≥ 2,000 ng/ml) in all cases. Other pituitary hormones were measured in 6 cases. Subnormal or absent GH reserves were evidenced by the lack of response to insulin induced hypoglycemia in 6. FSH and LH were measured before and after stimulation by 100 μg of LH-RH i.v. 3 of 6 patients had normal responses in each, one for FSH/LH, a second for FSH, and the rest for LH. On the contrary, normal or above normal responses of TSH to 500 μg of TRH i.v. were noted in all cases. Urinary 17-OHCS were of subnormal levels in 3 of the 7. Plasma testosterone, measured in 3, were all of low values. In 2 who had small testicles it was impossible to induce erection and ejaculation, and one of the 2 showed delayed puberty. The third patient, who was able to ejaculate, had azoospermia. 6 of 7 patients underwent transsphenoidal surgery, and the subfrontal approach was performed in one. None of them became normoprolactinemic postoperatively. Therefore, all patients needed bromocriptine administration (10 to 15 mg/day) to decrease serum prolactin levels. Remarkable reduction of pituitary tumor size after treatment with bromocriptine was observed in one patient. Bromocriptine was withdrawn because of side effects in one patient who complained of visual disturbance 2 months later. Reoperation was performed and pituitary carcinoma was found. Cerebrospinal fluid rhinorrhea associated with symptoms of pituitary apoplexy was observed in one patients before surgery, who was treated with bromocriptine. It was probably due to regression of the tumor. Loss of libido/impotence after surgery was successfully managed with additional treatment of human chorionic gonadotropin injections. ER  - 
Evaluations of bone mass and growth in young diabetics; To determine the relationships among bone mass, bone growth and serum glucose control in young, insulin-dependent diabetics, we performed photon absorptiometry and radiogrammetry on a clinically well-characterized group of 78 diabetics (mean age 15.2 yr, mean duration of diabetes 6.7 yr). Total and ionized calcium (TCa, ICa), magnesium (Mg), immunoreactive parathyroid hormone (iPTH) and phosphorus (P) were measured in fasting serum. Bone age was calculated from hand x-rays; and bone measurements, heights, and weights were standardized against normal groups of corresponding age, sex, and race. Mean deviation of bone mass measurement score was 1.24 SD below the normal mean (p < .001); mean cortical area score was .22 SD and percent cortical area .25 SD below the normal means (both p < .05). Radial width and metacarpal width for the diabetics were not less than normal. Mean percentiles for height and weight were 52.3 and 57.1 respectively, the latter significantly elevated (p < .02). Bone mass and cortical area were inversely related to duration of disease (r = -.228, p < .05; r = -.216, p < .05). They were not correlated with serum parameters of mineral metabolism or of glucose control. Bone age was not significantly different from chronological age in those who had not achieved maturity (14.4 versus 14.5 yr). Mean age of menarche was 12.9 yr. When compared to normals the diabetic sample had diminished serum ICa (p < .001), and Mg (p < .001), though P and iPTH were not significantly different. We have demonstrated: (1) bone mass in this sample of juvenile diabetics is depressed, without evidence of impaired overall growth or delayed maturation, (2) this reduced bone mass probably results from a failure to gain the normal component of endosteal bone expected at this age, (3) this abnormality in bone growth progresses with disease but does not appear to vary with serum glucose control, and (4) in this population of diabetics there is a minimal but significant reduction in serum total and ionized calcium and serum magnesium without compensatory elevation of parathyroid hormone. The relationship of this metabolic abnormality to impaired bone growth is unknown. ER  - 
Pre- and postoperative endocrine function in children with craniopharyngioma; Seventeen children presenting with craniopharyngioma were studied from 1970 to 1980. Presenting symptoms were usually reflecting endocrine dysfunction (13 of 17 cases), such as growth retardation, weight abnormalities, diabetes insipidus and hypothyroidism. Unfortunately, these signs were most often misinterpreted (10 of 13 cases) so that, when diagnosis was made, dissociated hypopituitarism was present. Further impairment of endocrine function always followed surgical excision. In most children, pituitary insufficiency becomes complete and permanent. These results are similar whatever the tumor site and surgical procedure. Growth goes on and puberty occurs without treatment in a few cases but in the majority of them substitutive therapy is necessary. ER  - 
A prospective, randomized study of testosterone treatment of constitutional delay of growth and development in male adolescents; The physiologic and psychological responses to androgen treatment of constitutional delay of growth and development were prospectively evaluated in 16 male adolescents, aged 14 to 17 years. Subjects were randomly assigned to a course of testosterone enanthate, 200 mg administered intramuscularly four times at three-week intervals or to observation. At one-year follow-up all subjects in the testosterone group exhibited excellent growth: 7.2 to 11.6 cm/yr (mean 9.2 cm/yr). Growth in control subjects was highly variable: 2.6 to 10.6 cm/yr (mean 6.0 cm/yr), significantly lower than that of the testosterone group (P<.02). The mean annual increment in bone age was 1.1 years for both groups. The Δ height age/Δ bone age ratio was slightly higher in the testosterone group (1.3 vs 1.1), and the treated subjects had a 1.7-cm increase in predicted adult height. Both groups showed improved self-image, and treated subjects also exhibited dramatic increases in both school-related and extraschool social activity. A brief course of testosterone enanthate appears to be an effective, safe means of promoting growth in select male adolescents. ER  - 
Oral clonidine - An effective growth hormone-releasing agent in prepubertal subjects. Comparison of the effects of clonidine, metoclopramide, and insulin on growth hormone, cortisol, and glucose concentrations in normal and in growth hormone-deficient children; The effects of clonidine, metoclopramide, and insulin on growth hormone, cortisol, and glucose concentrations in the blood of 17 healthy prepubertal short children (Group A) and five prepubertal growth hormone-deficient children (Group B) were evaluated. The peak serum growth hormone values after insulin clonidine were significantly higher than after metoclopramide administration. Growth hormone values did not rise above baseline values in Group B patients with any of these three stimuli. Plasma cortisol concentrations did not change with metoclopramide but increased significantly with insulin and decreased significantly after clonidine; no changes in glucose values were noted with either clonidine or metoclopramide. Clonidine appears to be a reliable, sensitive, and safe out-patient stimulation test of growth hormone reserve in prepubertal children, whereas metoclopramide seems not to be a suitable growth hormone-releasing agent in this age group. ER  - 
The effect of puberty and short-term oral administration of testosterone undecanoate on GH tests and sex-steroid related plasma compounds in GH deficient patients; In twelve boys and two girls, with idiopathic (partial) growth hormone deficiency diagnosed at prepubertal age, we studied the effect of spontaneous puberty (six patients) as well as the effect of sex-steroid priming (eight patients). Six boys received testosterone undecanoate and two girls ethinyloestradiol for 5 days. Two pubertal patients showed a normal GH response, the patients primed with testosterone or oestrogen did not, despite a distinct effect on sex-steroid related plasma compounds. Reevaluation of GH status appears to be worthwhile in GH deficient patients presenting with short stature, growth deceleration at an early pubertal age and delayed sexual maturation. Sex-steroid priming is unlikely to alter the outcome of GH testing, whenever marked growth deceleration is evident at prepubertal age. ER  - 
Missing ejaculation in patients with sexual disorders; Sixteen men with missing ejaculation were observed as outpatients in our department within the past years. Among these, four patients with retrograde ejaculation are included. Possible reasons for the missing ejaculation are operations in the genital region or the pelvis, and spinal cord injuries. Endocrine disorders, diabetes mellitus, drug dependence, and psychogenic alterations have to be discussed as etiologic factors. Secondary lack of ejaculation, which is acquired in later years of life, seems to have a poorer prognosis than the primary disease, which begins with puberty. This group of patients is well responsive to psychotherapy. Other therapeutic approaches are hormonal substitution, care of drug dependence, and treatment with sympathicomimetica in some cases of retrograde ejaculation. ER  - 
Adrenocortical function in children with precocious sexual development during treatment with cyproterone acetate; Adrenal function was studied in thirty-two children with precocious sexual development who were being treated with cyproterone acetate (CPA) at doses ranging from 68 to 175 mg.m2. day for periods lasting from 2 to 79 months. In eighteen children the adrenocortical function evaluation was made before and during CPA treatment. In these eighteen patients, the mean basal plasma cortisol level during the morning hours was 11.2 ± 4.6 μg/dl (m ± SD) before treatment and fell significantly to 7.2 ± 4.1 μg/dl (P < 0.02) during therapy. In fifteen patients tested during insulin hypoglycaemia the cortisol peak fell from 21.6 ± 5.5 μg/dl before treatment to 16.7 ± 6.8 μg/dl (P < 0.05) during CPA therapy. There was a significant inverse correlation between this peak and the dose of CPA but no correlation was found between the cortisol response and duration of treatment. In eight of twenty patients tested, urinary free cortisol levels were undetectable during treatment. No change in basal plasma ACTH levels was demonstrated using standard radioimmunoassay techniques. In the patient receiving the highest dose of CPA and showing complete suppression of the adrenal axis, prolonged stimulation with ACTH-Depot demonstrated a responsive adrenal gland. Addition of a replacement dose of cortisol to the CPA treatment led to a rapid development of the typical signs of Cushing's syndrome. It was concluded that despite the evidence of adrenal suppression by CPA, cortisol supplementation is not necessary and may even be contra-indicated. ER  - 
Pineal region tumors: Endocrinological aspects; The pineal gland and the superior cervical ganglia represent an integration center for hormonal and neural signals, and play an important role in modulating basic hormonal secretions. The prevalence of pineal tumors in the male sex and their frequent association with precocious puberty has been known for a long time. However, the rarity of ascertained cases investigated by means of direct and sensitive methods (RIA; tests applying hypothalamic releasing factors) is still preventing the proper knowledge of the endocrinological aspects of pinealomas. On the basis of the recent literature, the importance of diabetes insipidus as a very early symptom of pineal region tumors should be emphasized; in some cases, it preceded the appearance of precocious puberty of neuro-ophthalmologic signs by some years. A variable pattern of anterior pituitary impairment is also a rather common finding. In rare cases (males, with few exceptions), the precocious puberty may be explained by the presence in the pineal tumor of trophoblastic tissue secreting hCG; some of these tumors produce also α-fetoprotein (evidence of a yolk-sac tumor). ER  - 
Growth hormone secretion in pubertal and adult subjects; GH responsiveness to insulin-induced hypoglycaemia and its circadian secretion were studied in a group of subjects in different pubertal stages. The GH peak after insulin was minimal in stage 1 boys (7.6 ± 1.3 (SEM) ng/ml) and increased progressively, in parallel with pubertal maturation, reaching a maximum in the adult state (20 ± 4.0 ng/ml); the basal value was superimposable in all groups studied. The circadian secretion showed a sleep-related surge which was almost identical in the different stages; however in pubertal stage 1 boys multiple secretory peaks were observed, mainly during waking hours. A statistically significant difference (P<0.05) was observed in the mean concentration recorded during the day with a maximum in stage 1 boys (2.7 ± 0.2 ng/ml) and a gradual decrease to a minimum in adults (1.2 ± 0.3 ng/ml). This pattern seems to suggest that a pulsatile rhythm is present in boys, similar to that observed for gonadotrophins. ER  - 
Transient impairment or delay of urinary trihydroxypregnanone (THS) response to metyrapone in boys with delayed adolescence and in patients with isolated growth hormone deficiency; Twenty-three boys with delayed adolescence (age 15.7 ± 2.0, bone age 12.4 ± 2.1 years) were studied. Their cortisol response to insulin was normal. After oral metyrapone (500 mg/m2 by mouth) one to three consecutive 12 h urine samples were collected for analysis of THS. Thirty-seven tests with 37 first, 21 second, and 11 third samples were carried out. The results could be divided into two main groups: 25 tests (group A) were subnormal in the first sample, 12 of them with a very weak (40 ± 8 μg/m2/12 h) and 13 with an insufficient (191 ± 16 μg/m2/12 h) THS response. Values in the second and third sample were higher, indicating a delayed response. In 12 tests (group B), the results were normal (1016 ± 143 μg/m2/12 h) in the first and lower in the second and third samples. In three patients with repeated tests, there was improvement with increasing bone age. The THS-responses to metyrapone did not correlate with those of growth hormone, gonadotrophins, and TSH to stimuli. It is concluded that the THS-response to a single dose of metyrapone may be temporarily insufficient or delayed in delayed adolescence. We interpret this finding as showing transiently reduced or slow hypothalamic responsiveness. ER  - 
Serum glycosidase activity in diabetes mellitus; The activity of three glycosidic enzymes, B-glucuronidase, N-acetylglucosaminidase, and B-galactosidase were measured in plasma samples from 163 diabetic subjects and 72 normal controls. No age- or sex-based variation in concentration was noted in controls. Plasma activity of B-glucuronidase and N-acetylglucosaminidase in diabetics correlated directly with the overall level of glycemia as measured by HbA(1c) levels. B-galactosidase activity was consistently normal in diabetics. A significant age-based variation was noted in the diabetic group for B-glucuronidase and N-acetylglucosaminidase. Prior to age 12, B-glucuronidase and N-acetylglucosaminidase were normal in diabetics, but activity increased significantly after the age of 12, a change that appeared to coincide with the development of puberty. ER  - 
Final height and pubertal development in 55 children with idiopathic growth hormone deficiency, treated for between 2 and 15 years with human growth hormone; Sixty patients with the diagnosis of idiopathic growth hormone deficiency have been followed till final height was reached, after hGH treatment lasting between 2 and 15 (average 5.4) years. Twenty-six had 'total' and 13 'partial' isolated growth hormone deficiency (IGHD); 10 had GHD plus gonadotrophin deficiency (GnD); six had multiple pituitary hormone deficiency (MPHD) and five, labelled 'transient prepubertal GHD', had normal responses in the insulin tolerance test when retested after the end of treatment. The final height of the patients with IGHD averaged 2.3 SD below the population mean, or 2.0 SD below their midparent mean. Half the boys, but only 15% of the girls, ended above the population 3rd centile. There was no difference in final height between those with 'total' and 'partial' deficiency nor between patients treated prepubertally and those in whom treatment started in early puberty. In the 39 patients with IGHD the correlation of final height with midparent height was 0.72, a figure identical to that occurring in the normal population. Though final height was chiefly influenced by parental height, it was also affected by the degree of smallness when treatment began being lowered by an average of 2.5 cm for every SD that the patient's height at beginning of treatment lay below the average of all IGHD children, parents' heights being allowed for. Since untreated patients end at about 6 SD below the mean, treatment during the age span represented in these patients recovered 4 SD, but failed to recover the remainder. The lost 2 SD may be due to the late start of treatment (averaging 11 years of age even in our prepubertal patients). Our findings emphasise the importance of early diagnosis, so that future patients never drop to 4 or 5 SD below mean height for age, but only to 2 or 3. Patients with IGHD plus GnD had final heights averaging 1.5 SD below the population mean and those with MPHD 1.0 SD below. This was entirely due to their developing longer legs than the patients with IGHD, the final sitting heights being the same. The long legs were due to treatment with sex steroids being started relatively late. Patients with IGHD who entered puberty spontaneously did so late in time and in the boys pubertal development was normal. In the girls there was a disturbance in the normal relationship of pubertal events and in two menarche never occurred. ER  - 
Cyproterone acetate treatment in precocious puberty; Seven girls with precocious puberty, idiopathic in 6 and associated with the McCune Albright syndrome in 1, were treated with 70 mg/m2/die of cyproterone acetate (CPA) for 11 to 36 months. Before and during treatment clinical parameters (weight, height, bone age, height velocity, prediction of adult height and pubertal development) were evaluated and plasma hormone assays in basal conditions (LH, FSH, 17β-estradiol, progesterone, testosterone, PRL, ACTH and cortisol) and after stimulation (LH, FSH,cortisol, GH) were carried out to assess the efficacy and eventual side effects of CPA. The regression observed in the clinical signs of puberty was considered satisfactory and the increase observed in the developmental quotient indicated an improved prognosis for adult height. No symptoms of adrenal insufficiency were observed but an adrenal suppressive effect of CPA was evident from the response to insulin hypoglycemia observed in 4 patients. ER  - 
Radioimmunological determination of insulinlike growth factors I and II in normal subjects and in patients with growth disorders and extrapancreatic tumor hypoglycemia; Serum levels of immunoreactive insulinlike growth factor (IGF) I and II were determined by a modified IGF I and a new IGF II radioimmunoassay in normal children and adults, and in patients with acromegaly, isolated growth hormone deficiency, and extrapancreatic tumor hypoglycemia. Serum samples were gel filtered by a simple routine procedure at acidic pH to dissociate and separate IGF from the IGF carrier protein. Mean immunoreactive IGF I levels (±SD; corrected for crossreactivity of IGF II) were 193 ± 58 ng/ml in normal adult subjects, 712 ± 245 ng/ml in acromegalic patients and 24 ± 14 ng/ml in patients with isolated growth hormone deficiency. The lack of growth hormone alone, irrespective of an otherwise normal hormonal status, appears to be responsible for the drastic decrease of IGF I levels. Oversecretion of growth hormone does not increase the levels of immunoreactive IGF II: mean levels (± SD; corrected for crossreactivity of IGF I) in normal and acromegalic subjects are virtually identical (647 ± 126 and 641 ± 189 ng/ml, respectively). Apparently, normal growth hormone levels stimulate IGF II production already maximally. However, in growth hormone deficiency immunoreactive IGF II is significantly decreased (252 ± 99 ng/ml). Thus, IGF II, like IGF I, is growth hormone dependent. But in contrast to IGF I, the growth hormone dependence of IGF II seems to become apparent only at subnormal growth hormone levels. In normal children IGF I is age dependent: it is low in newborn cord sera (51 ± 20 ng/ml) and gradually rises into the adult range with increasing age. At the onset of and during puberty mean IGF I levels lie above prepubertal values. In contrast, IGF II levels in normal children are independent of age and pubertal stage beyond the first year of life, whereas newborns have significantly lower IGF II values. Hypoglycemia resulting from extrapancreatic tumors is not associated with increased immunoreactive IGF I or II levels. IGF I is descreased in most of the sera (mean level ± SD: 56 ± 39 ng/ml) whereas IGF II lies in the normal range (556 ± 195 ng/ml). ER  - 
A comparative study of three antehypophyseal combined provocative tests, using insulin + TRH + LHRH, insulin + arginine + TRH + LHRH, or glucagon + propranolol + TRH + LHRH; We compared the following three antehypophyseal combined provocative tests: insulin + TRH + LH.RH test, insulin + arginine + TRH + LH.RH test, and glucagon + propranolol + TRH + LH.RH test. STH, TSH, T3, cortisol, LH and FSH are assayed during these tests. Identical levels of TSH, T3, cortisol, LH and FSH are found with the three tests. Conversely, the somatotropic response is higher with the glucagon + propranolol + TRH + LH.RH test, reaching 22.8 ng/ml. This response is low with the insulin + TRH + LH.RH test. An inhibitory effect could probably be ascribed to TSH. With the exception of the HGH response during the insulin + TRH + LH.RH test, there are no significant differences between responses to isolated or combined provocative tests. We found no statistical correlations between the different hormones, with the exception of LH and HGH during the insulin + TRG + LH.RH test. The glucagon + propranolol + TRH + LH.RH test appears to be the best of these three combined tests. This reliable, time-saving procedure could be suggested, in certain indications, as an overall antehypophyseal provocative test. ER  - 
Familial periodic paralysis with hypokalaemia. Experimental and clinical investigations; The pathophysiological cause of FPP is still unknown. Many findings indicate that it is due to or influenced by hormones: The onset is often around puberty, the attacks occur with diurnal dependence, men are affected more often and more severely than women, oral contraceptives and steroids have a protective effect, and paralysis may be induced by ACTH or glucose. The results reported by the present author in previous papers and in this survey indicate that the migration of potassium from the plasma to the muscle cells during the paralytic attacks is of secondary importance. On the other hand, several results suggest that glucose deposition and turnover are active in precipitating the paralysis. In clinical experiments a prophylactic effect upon the development of paralysis has been obtained by inhibiting insulin release. Moreover, other results indicate an initially abnormally increased secretion of insulin, but a slightly reduced binding of insulin to the monocyte surface. During attack-free intervals biopsies have shown an increased content of glycogen in these patients, but during attacks an increased hexokinase activity in the muscle cells an increased carbohydrate breakdown. It might be imagined that an increased initial secretion of insulin might entail increased stimulation of glycolysis and glycogen formation which might secondarily result in an influx of fluid and electrolytes, including potassium. Possibly, this presumed intracellular oedema might inhibit the contractility of the muscle cells and/or prevent the propagation of impulses. It is of the utmost importance to elucidate what happens, electrically, in the muscle membrane during the attacks and also, not least, to elucidate the carbohydrate metabolism in the muscle cells during and after exercise by means of biopsies. ER  - 
Metrizamide computed tomographic cisternography for the diagnosis of occult lesions of the hypothalamic-hypophyseal axis in children; In children, hypothalamic-hypophyseal syndromes such as diabetes insipidus, precocious puberty, growth retardation, and panhypopituitarism can be due either to structural lesions or to functional disorders of the cerebral endocrine complex. When clinical and endocrinological parameters fail to distinguish between these etiologies, neuroradiographical diagnosis becomes extremely important. Although conventional intravenously enhanced computed tomography (IVCT) is satisfactory for the diagnosis of lesions larger than 1 cm, metrizamide CT cisternography (MCTC) greatly improves the diagnostic yield for smaller juxtapituitary masses in the supraseller cistern, clearly defines their sizes and relationships with contiguous structures, and definitively confirms the diagnosis of empty sella syndrome. Six patients with endocrinopathies and normal or ambiguous IVCT findings are presented to illustrate how MCTC can influence their management and outcome without the patient discomfort and technical complexity associated with pneumoencephalography. ER  - 
Effect of cyproterone acetate on adrenocortical function in children with precocious puberty; Seven children with precocious puberty were treated with cyproterone acetate and their adrenal function studied. In each child the drug caused significant adrenal hypofunctions which was secondary to adrenocorticotrophic hormone suppression. None of these children had clinical evidence of adrenal hypofunction and it is assumed that the drug has glucocorticoid-like properties. Children receiving cyproterone acetate should carry information to warm doctors of this effect since they may require steroid cover during illness. ER  - 
Host factors in 'chromophobe' adenoma of the anterior pituitary: a retrospective study of 464 patients; To understand better the pathogenesis of pituitary chromophobe adenoma, we undertook a retrospective study of host factors, sexual function, associated diseases, and natural history. Data were obtained from the records of 464 patients in whom the disease was demonstrated by pathologic, radiographic, laboratory, and clinical means. The patients were drawn from the Presbyterian Hospital and the Neurological Institute of New York City; the study period comprised the years 1930-1964. The definitely positive findings are: peak age of onset 31-60 yr, a startingly low (3%) prevalence of left-hand preference, a significantly earlier menopause (by 13 yr on average) than controls, a low frequency of marriage and a small number of offspring, the expected association with acromegaly (3.8%) and Cushing's syndrome (1.1%), an unexpectedly high frequency of diabetes mellitus (8.6%), perhaps in part responsible for the prevalence (7.5%) of coronary artery disease, a low rate of occurrence of fibromyomata uteri; the commonest chief complaint being visual symptoms in about two thirds of patients that sooner or later appear in nearly three quarters of the patients; and the much earlier onset (by years) of endocrinal than of neurologic dysfunction - particularly obvious in the form of early menopause. Suggestively positive findings are: a predilection of Jews and Old Americans for the disease, a somewhat low frequency of Rh negative individuals, a slightly early menarche, perhaps a high frequency of duodenal ulcer, and the 'conventional' order of appearance of target gland failure - gonadal followed later by thyroidal and adrenocortical deficiency. This 'classic' order of events should be viewed with caution because in this series as in earlier reports samples are small and data incomplete. The negative findings are: equal incidence in the two sexes (contrary to a few previous reports), absence of a distinctive physique, and normal frequency of ABO blood group distribution. Statistical analysis of the data demonstrates that large groups of patients are essential for accurate conclusions. Equally necessary are comparable control groups, with respect to era when studied, age, and racial mix. With regard to pathogenesis, the most promising leads to emerge from this study are (1) a careful genetic investigation is warranted to assess the frequent association with diabetes mellitus; and (2) the long period between earliest symptoms, which are usually endocrinal, and the neurologic symptoms that appear years later, suggests the need for a prospective laboratory study of patients suspected of harboring a chromophobe adenoma. Only in this way can one asses the importance of anterior pituitary target gland failure as a primary, not a secondary, event in the pathogenesis of chromophobe adenoma. ER  - 
Evaluation of endocrine function in children with hypothalamic-pituitary disorders; For the assessment of hypothalamic-pituitary function in children, GH, ACTH, TSH, Prolactin, LH and FSH levels were measured by RIA in the basal state and following stimulation and suppression. Adequate test procedures with hormone values in normal control children are presented. In endocrinologically healthy children, 10 tests of GH release were evaluated for simplicity, reliability and frequency of side effects. In outpatients, the exercise-test seems to be an advisable screening test for GH deficiency, in very young children the late post-glucose rise in plasma GH can be used instead. GH deficiency has to be proven by at least two adequate stimulation tests. In children there are only very few reports on ACTH levels determined by RIA. Therefore basal and circadian ACTH levels and ACTH concentrations following provocation (insulin, lysine-vasopressin and metyrapone tests) were measured in children without endocrine disease. Pituitary and hypothalamic lesions may be differentiated by appropriate tests of ACTH release. For the assessment of thyroid function, assay of basal TSH levels and the TRH-induced TSH increase is highly important employing a sensitive and precise TSH-RIA. Not very much is known about prolactin sceretion in children. Elevated basal prolactin values and an increased prolactin response to TRH may be due to hypothalamic lesions. Precocious and delayed puberty can be classified by the evaluation of LH and FSH plasma levels, and LH-RH-induced rise in gonadotropin concentrations. ER  - 
Hormonal and metabolic abnormalities associated with central nervous system germinoma in children and adolescents and the effect of therapy: Report of 10 patients; We describe the results of clinical and endocrinological investigations performed on 10 children and adolescents (5 males and 5 females) with a primary central nervous system germinoma. Eight of 10 patients where between 10-20 yr of age at the time of initial presentation. Polyuria (7 of 10) and a decrease in or cessation of linear growth (5 of 10) were the most common presenting symptoms, while only 2 of 10 patients complained of visual problems. Two patients presented with the syndrome of polyuria, adipsia, hypernatremia, profound muscle weakness, and hyperlipidemia. Initial physical exam revealed abnormal eye findings in 60%, short stature (≥ -2.5 SD) in 50%, and abnormal pubertal development in 30% of the patients. The neoplasm was located in the suprasellar-hypothalamic region in 8, caudate nucleus in 1, and pineal region in 1. Biopsy performed in 7 patients revealed the classic two-cell germinoma in all cases. Assessment of endocrine function before radiotherapy documented pituitary deficits in all patients studied. Antidiuretic hormone was deficient in 8 of 10 patients and was associated with hypoadipsia in 4, GH was deficient in all patients tested (7 of 7). TSH (5 of 8), ACTH (3 of 7), and gonadotropin (1 of 1) deficiencies were also common before treatment. Plasma PRL concentrations were elevated in 5 of 8 patients, all with suprasellar tumors. The hCG values were elevated only in the patient with sexual precocity (1 to 10). Endocrine evaluation during the postirradiation period revealed additional instances of GH (1), ACTH (1), and gonadotropin (5) deficiencies. All 10 patients are alive without evidence of active disease 6 months to 10 yr after radiation therapy (4500-5100 R). Evidence of hypothalamic-pituitary dysfunction is an early and almost universal feature of central nervous system germ cell tumors. The importance of careful evaluation and follow-up of children with acquired anterior or combined anterior and posterior pituitary dysfunction for a suprasellar tumor is stressed. ER  - 
Serum lipoproteins and the concentrations of thyroxine and sex hormones in diabetic man; Serum cholesterol, and in particular low density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol, are risk factors for coronary heart disease (Kannel, Castelli, Gordon and McNamara 1971). More recently concentrations of high density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol have been shown to be negatively related to the incidence of vascular disease (Miller and Miller 1975). The genetic and environmental factors affecting lipoprotein concentrations in serum are not well understood. In both diabetes mellitus and hypothyroidism hyperlipidaemia is increased, as is vascular disease. Differences in lipoprotein concentrations are seen between males and females, females after puberty having higher HDL concentrations (Gordon, Castelli, Hjortland, Kannel and Dawber 1977; Barr 1950). Sex hormones influence plasma lipoproteins (Barr 1953; Krauss, Lindgren, Silvers, Jutagir and Bradley 1977). Barr giving oestrogens to male survivors of myocardial infarction showed a fall in total and LDL-cholesterol, and a rise in HDL-cholesterol. In twelve normal males Barr (1953) also showed that testosterone administration was associated with a fall in HDL-cholesterol. Changes in lipoprotein concentrations follow administration of sex hormones, but it is not known whether endogenous concentrations of sex hormones influence lipoprotein levels. We have examined the relationship between endogenous hormones and serum lipoproteins in diabetics because of their hyperlipidaemia and vascular disease. To avoid cyclical hormonal changes males were studied. ER  - 
Results of treatment with human growth hormone in hypopituitary dwarfs before and during puberty; Height velocity has been studied during the first year of treatment with human growth hormone (hGH) in 150 prepubertal patients with a complete hGH deficiency, and during the second year in 84 of them. In spite of a wide range of results, a positive correlation was found between height velocity and hGH doses (r=0.429, p<0.001); 3 of 4 patients treated with hGH (9-11 mg/kg/year) had a minimal growth rate of 6 cm during the first year of treatment. Taking into account the scarcity of hGH, the best overall results may be obtained with this initial dose, to be continued or increased during the second year according to height velocity of the first year. The effects of puberty or treatment with gonadal steroids have been studied in 16 hypopituitary males and 15 females receiving hGH. A growth spurt was observed in all males but in only 4 of 15 female patients. ER  - 
The effects of anabolic steroids on growth, body composition, and metabolism in boys with chronic renal failure on regular hemodialysis; Eight boys aged 9.5 to 17 years, on regular hemodialysis for chronic renal failure, were treated for 0.4 to 1.3 years with the anabolic steroid oxandrolone. The effects on linear growth, skeletal maturation, cell mass, and the fasting levels and response to intravenous glucose of blood glucose (BG), immunoreactive insulin (IRI), nonesterified fatty acids (NEFA), branched chain amino acids (BCAA), and immunoreactive glucagon (IRG) were measured. Following treatment there was a significant increase in mean growth velocity, growth velocity standard deviation score related to bone age, and cell mass. Overall skeletal maturation was not accelerated, and only a small advance in pubertal status was seen. There was a decrease in fasting levels of BG and NEFA; fasting BCAA and IRG were increased. The response to intravenous glucose was altered; there was a decrease in peak BG response, an increase in peak IRI response, and a more marked fall in plasma NEFA and BCAA levels. Fasting IRG levels correlated with fasting BG levels, and fell significantly following intravenous glucose both before and after treatment. Hepatotoxicity, which was reversible, was seen in a ninth boy who did not complete the study. The only other side effect, salt and water retention, was controlled by a reduction in oxandrolone dosage. These preliminary results suggest that anabolic steroids may be useful to stimulate anabolism and growth in uremic children, and that their effect is mediated by an increase in insulin secretion and/or an improvement in tissue sensitivity to insulin. Further studies with careful monitoring are required to substantiate the effect on final height and the risks involved. ER  - 
The prolactin response to metoclopramide in growth hormone deficient adolescent males; The growth hormone (GH) and prolactin (PRL) responses following administration of 10 mg i.v. metoclopramide (MCP) ('Maxolon' - Beecham Pharmaceuticals) have been examined in thirty adolescent males with short stature and delayed puberty, eight of whom have isolated growth hormone deficiency. The results demonstrate that peak GH and PRL levels following stimulation were highly significantly correlated when all subjects were analysed together (r=0.61, P<0.001) but when the responses of the GH deficient and non-deficient groups of subjects were analysed separately no significant correlation was obtained (P>0.1), this reflected the fact that the PRL response to MCP was significantly lower in the GH deficient group (P<0.0002). In addition two boys who demonstrated biochemical GH deficiency prior to puberty only, showed PRL responses similar to boys with normal GH reserves. The results suggest that the PRL response to MCP may be of value in the assessment of stimulation tests of GH reserve, as well as in the selection of patients for treatment with GH. 14.30 ER  - 
Shwachman's syndrome: A review of 21 cases; Twenty-one patients (10 male, 11 female) aged between 11 mth and 29 yr with Shwachman's syndrome are reviewed. Al patients had exocrine pancreatic insufficiency. Hematological features included neutropenia in 19 (95%), anemia in 10 (50%), and thrombocytopenia in 14 (70%); 1 patient developed erythroleukemia. Severe infections occurred in 17 (85%) from which 3 (15%) died. Only 1 child exceeded the 3rd centile for height, and growth retardation was particularly evident in the older patients. All had skeletal abnormalities or delayed skeletal maturation, or both. Metaphyseal dyschondroplasia affected 13 of the older patients and was associated with skeletal deformities. Eight of 9 children under 2 1/2 yr had rib abnormalities. Respiratory function test in children under 2 yr demonstrated reduced thoracic gas volume and chest wall compliance. Older patients had reduced forced expiratory volume and forced vital capacity. Neurological assessment showed developmental retardation or reduced IQ assessments, or both, in 85% of patients studied. Other neurological abnormalities included hypotonia, deafness, and retinitis pigmentosa. Neonatal problems had been present in 16 (80%) of the patients and 5 were of low birthweights. Hepatomegaly with biochemical evidence of liver involvement occurred in the younger patients and resolved with age. Other associated features included dental abnormalities, renal dysfunction, an ichthyotic maculopapular rash in 13 (65%), delayed puberty, diabetes mellitus, and various dysmorphic features. These findings stress the diverse manifestations of the syndrome and extend knowledge on a number of aspects. Sibship segregation ratios support an autosomal mode of inheritance and a hypothesis for the pathophysiological basis of this syndrome is advanced. ER  - 
Circulating LH, FSH, T, prolactin, TSH, T3, T4, GH and insulin in pubertal females; The present work is a cross-section study of LH, FSH, T, prolactin, TSH, T3, T4, GH and insulin circulating levels in pubertal females measured by RIA. The study was carried out on 50 girls, 10 from each Tanner stage of breast development (BI-BV). The results show a close correlation between the level of most hormones and sexual maturation, chronologic age and the clinical evolution of pubertal development. The circulating level of LH, FSH and prolactin shows a progressive increase during puberty, especially LH which markedly rises at the menarcheal and post-menarcheal intervals. The increase in serum testosterone, the values of which also include the adrenocortical hormones, in the BII-BIII stages coincides with the onset of pubarche and adrenarche in girls. Insulin and GH show increased levels in the BII-BIII stages coinciding with a height and weight gain. Thyroid hormones do not vary significantly along the five stages (BI-BV), but in the pre-pubertal stage the values are slightly higher as compared to the other stages. ER  - 
Complex syndrome in a young girl: Wolfram's syndrome?; The combination of juvenile diabetes mellitus, optic atrophy, perceptive hearing loss, diabetes insipidus and atonia of the urinary tract and bladder seems to constitute a distinct syndrome. In certain cases delayed puberty is also mentioned but this has not been considered as part of the syndrome. ER  - 
An epidemiologic study of endometrial cancer. Controlled trial of 501 cases; In retrospective cases control study, 501 cases of endometrial cancer were observed from 1955-1975 and an equal number of matched control cases were compared regarding the following parameters: obesity, hypertension, diabetes, age at menopause, parity, age at first and last delivery, age at menarche, menstrual abnormalities, history of prior endometrial biopsies, concomitant ovarian tumours, family history of cancer and history of exposure to radiation. The statistical analysis revealed significant differences regarding the incidence of obesity, hypertension, late menopause, low parity, prior endometrial biopsies and prior exposure to ionizing radiation. However, no significant difference was found between endometrial cancer patients and control patients as to the incidence of diabetes, age at menarche, age at first delivery and family history of cancer. The results of the investigation are discussed and compared with similar reports from the literature. ER  - 
Increased plasma corticosteroid-binding globulin in insulin-dependent pubertal diabetics: Relationships with other glycoproteins, growth hormone and prolactin; A selected group of 13 juvenile-onset insulin-dependent diabetics in mid-late puberty (stages 3-4) and under comparable conditions of metabolic control was studied in order to evaluate the plasma levels of corticosteroid-binding globulin (CBG, transcortin: expressed as the binding capacity for cortisol) in relation to the levels of other glycoproteins and to growth hormone (GH) and prolactin (PRL) responsiveness to provocative tests (arginine infusion and TRH injection, respectively). Further evidence was provided that juvenile-onset diabetics show most frequently enhanced plasma CBG binding capacity; statistical significance with p-values<0.01 was attained in comparison to 25 age-matched controls. Among other variables examined, only hemoglobin A(1c) and α2-macroglobulin were significantly raised in the diabetic group (p<0.01 and <0.02, respectively). In our patients growth hormone response to arginine infusion was in the normal range, whereas PRL response to TRH was slightly but significantly supranormal in terms of maximum value and maximum increment above baseline value. No correlation was found between CBG binding capacity and other variables examined. We conclude that raised levels of CBG may occur as an additional alteration of the plasma glycoprotein pattern in juvenile-onset insulin-dependent diabetics. Specific regulatory factors conceivably subserve plasma concentrations of different glycoproteins. ER  - 
Relation between obesity and troubles of the menses; 231 Obese women from 18 to 30 years old and 100 control women of normal corpulence were studied from the viewpoint of the regularity of their menstrual cycles according to certain clinical (ponderal index, percentage of the fatty mass, adipo-muscular brachio-femoral ratio, existence of hypertrichosis, feeding habits) and biological parameters (glucide tolerance, lipid levels, urinary elimination of 17 KS and 17 OHKS). It appears that irregular cycles are more frequent in obese women (47 vs. 25%), but the clinical and biological variations are analogous in both groups. On the other hand, menstrual irregularity is more frequent in cases when obesity started with puberty, and in half the obese cases when obesity started with adult life this anomaly occurred after menstrual troubles. Thus, irregularity of the menses seems to represent only one element associated with obesity, and all the more frequently that obesity which started late after childhood. ER  - 
Blood prolactin levels in male hypogonadism; Prolactin levels were measured in 84 patients aged 20 yr with hypogonadism, both under baseline conditions and after stimulation with TRH. In those with impuberty from delayed puberty or gonadotropin insufficiency, baseline blood prolactin levels were normal but the response after stimulation was reduced in a significant manner. In patients with Klinefelter's syndrome, both baseline and reserve blood prolactin levels were increased. No correlation was observed between these abnormal levels and the usual clinical and biological disturbances found in this disorder (gynaecomastia, diabetes, hyperinsulinism, changes in 5-alpha-reduction). The significance of this hyperprolactinaemia remains obscure. ER  - 
Combined test of hypothalamic-pituitary function in growth retarded children treated with growth hormone. I. Secretion of growth hormone and somatomedin before and after treatment; In 23 growth retarded children, two consecutive insulin tolerance tests (ITT) were performed to establish a diagnosis of growth hormone (GH) deficiency. Nine children did not respond (GH peak value less than 8 mU/l), whereas 14 were classified as having partial GH deficiency (GH peak value less than 20 mU/l). All were treated for an average period of 40 months with human growth hormone (HGH). In a combined stimulation test at the end of the treatment period, 9 children demonstrated a persistent GH deficiency, whereas a normal response was found in 14 of the previous partial GH deficient children. During treatment, the monthly growth rate rose from 0.21 cm to 0.58 cm in the GH deficient children and from 0.31 cm to 0.70 cm in the partial deficient children, in most of whom spontaneous pubertal development occurred during treatment. Somatomedin (SM) values were decreased in the GH deficient children before and after treatment but increased to normal levels during treatment. Growth velocity in these children during treatment was correlated to SM values before treatment. In the partial GH deficient children, SM values were subnormal before but normal after treatment. This supports the assumption that in some children with constitutional delay in puberty a reversible functional hypopituitarism exists, which is normalized after the onset of puberty, due to androgens sensitizing growth hormone releasing mechanisms. Treatment with HGH may induce increased growth velocity in some of these patients. ER  - 
Combined test of hypothalamic-pituitary function in growth-retarded children treated with growth hormone. II. Secretion of LH, FSH, TSH, prolactin and ACTH; A total number of 23 patients treated with human growth hormone were retested by use of a combined pituitary stimulation test. Plasma concentrations of GH, FSH, LH, TSH, T4, T3, prolactin (PRL), ACTH and cortisol were measured before and after stimulation with hypoglycemia, TRH and LHRH. The test was performed in patients with persistent GH deficiency (group A) and patients with transitory GH deficiency (group B). In group A a normal pubertal development was found in three patients, whereas in prepubertal subjects the FSH/LH responses were smaller than those of prepubertal patients in group B. Also, plasma ACTH increase was less pronounced in group A patients than in group B. In contrast, the plasma TSH and PRL responses were more sustained in group A than in group B. The secretory pattern of TSH and PRL was comparable in the two groups of patients. Thus, in patients with persistent GH deficiency, additional multiple disturbances of the hypothalamic-pituitary function often appeared, whereas in most patients with transitory GH deficiency the combined pituitary test was normal at the reinvestigation. ER  - 
Risk factors in endometrial carcinoma with special reference to the use of estrogens; A personal interview method was used in a case-control study in order to find out the possible risk factors of endometrial carcinoma, especially concerning the use of hormones. The cases were endometrial carcinoma patients treated in 1970-1976 in the University Central Hospital of Turku, Finland, a total of 454, from whom finally 318 were interviewed. Tentative control persons from Turku were invited to the interview using the magnetic tapes of the National Population Registry. A total of 585 tentative controls were interviewed. After the interview, one control was matched with each of the cases for age within five years for weight (within 10 percentage units from the weight for a certain height, at a certain age), and for social class. In this way 282 pairs were formed. The percentage of unmarried women was somewhat higher in the endometrial carcinoma group compared to the controls; the difference was not, however, statistically significant. In general, the endometrial carcinoma patients were heavier than the controls, the mean weight of the patients being 73.3 kg and that of the tentative controls 66.4 kg, the difference is statistically highly significant. The relative risk of endometrial carcinoma among women with a history of breast or uterine cancer in the relatives was 1.6 or 2.0, respectively. The relative risk in regard to breast cancer did not differ significantly from unity, but the risk in regard to cancer of the uterus was statistically significant. The mean age at menarche among the matched cases, 14.3 years, was somewhat higher than that among the controls, 13.9 years (p<0.05). There was no difference in the mean duration of menses or in the mean length of the menstrual cycle between the cases and controls. The mean age at menopause of the matched cases was 50.6 years compared to 49.7 years of the controls (<0.05). The relative risk of endometrial carcinoma was 3.0 among those without pregnancies. Concerning earlier gynecological or surgical operations, there was no significant difference between the cases and controls in those 87 matched pairs in which both the cases and the controls were resident in Turku. The use of continuous medication (hormones excluded) was analysed; the relative risk of endometrial carcinoma was 2.4 among diabetic women, and 1.9 among those using digitalis preparations. The use of any hormone with any duration was assessed as exactly as possible. Controls had used hormones with some gynecological indication significantly more often than the cases. The matched cases had received hormones because of menstrual disorders significantly more often than the controls, but the cases had not been curettaged more often than the controls. Consequently it can be assumed that the cases had had more menstrual disorders than the controls, these disturbances, however, not being long-lasting. This finding supports the general view of the endogenous imbalance in the hormonal status of the endometrial carcinoma patients. The relative risk of endometrial carcinoma among estrogen users was 0.8 when the analysis was restricted to pairs residing in the city of Turku. In the duration and scheme of estrogen treatment there was no difference between the cases and controls. In this investigation no excess risk of endometrial carcinoma was found among estrogen users. ER  - 
The clinical diagnosis of pinealoma; In a review by Reiter, studies indicated that pineal tumors account for 4.8 percent of all childhood tumors in children under the age of 15 years. The incidence of pinealoma in boys is five times the occurrence in girls, with the mean age at diagnosis of 12 years. The most common presenting symptoms of a pinealoma are vomiting, headache, and eye findings indicating increased intracranial pressure. Other clinical findings are Parinaud's sign (paralysis of conjugate upward gaze), Argyle-Robertson pupil, diabetes insipidus and cerebellar ataxia. Calcification of the pineal in young children is considered pathognomonic for pinealoma. The least common symptom of pineal tumors was precocious puberty or delayed onset of sexual maturation. Diagnosis of pinealoma is most commonly made by pneumoencephalography or computerized tomography. However, since the advent of RIA techniques for sensitive measurements of serum and CSF melatonin, it is expected that this test may be used in the future for diagnosis. Assays of two pineal tumors have revealed markedly increased HIOMT activity which would suggest increased melatonin production by the tumors. ER  - 
Pancreatitis in childhood; Follow up of 25 cases of pancreatitis in childhood ascertained from the Hospital Activity Analysis in Newcastle and Wales showed that the majority of the children thrived after their illness. Only one child died. Only 2 children developed diabetes mellitus and 3 had significant malabsorption. There were 13 idiopathic cases (9 acute, 4 chronic relapsing), 3 of which were obese girls of pubertal age. It is speculated that obesity, puberty and female sex together may predispose to acute pancreatitis. ER  - 
Primary intracranial germ cell tumor; Pathological findings and clinical features are described on 26 cases of primary intracranial germ cell tumor. They correspond to 5.1% of 512 cases of all intracranial tumors diagnosed. The tumors are classified according to the classification of germ cell tumor of the testis and ovary by Dixon and Moore, and Teilum. All 4 basic types of the classification by Dixon and Moore were confirmed to occur primarily in the skull in the authors' series. The histopathological diagnosis has been verified in 16 of 26 cases and they consisted of 12 germinomas, 1 teratoma, 2 choriocarcinomas and 1 embryonal carcinoma with teratoma. The remaining 10 cases were histologically unverified, but diagnosed as germinoma chiefly based on the clinical findings. The location of the tumor was in the pineal region (type P) in 9 cases, chiasmal region (type C) in 10 cases and pineal and chiasmal and/or other regions (type PC) in 7 cases. Extracranial metastases of these tumors were noted on 3 cases. Two cases of choriocarcinoma metastasized to the lung in the terminal stage. In 1 case of type C germinoma, endodermal sinus tumor developed in the neck 1 yr and 9 mth after the removal of the intracranial tumor. The mean age of all cases on diagnosis was 15.2 yr. Marked male preponderance was noted with the male to female ratio being 20:6, but the frequency of the female cases was relatively high in type C with the male to female ratio of 6:4. Initial symptoms and signs mostly depended on the location of the tumor. In type P, signs of increased intracranial pressure and disturbance of the mesencephalon were noted, in type C, diabetes insipidus and disturbance of visual field, and type PC, combination of symptoms of types P and C. Precocious puberty was seen in 5 cases and seemed not to depend on the location of the tumor, but on the histopathological type. Plasma human chorionic gonadotropin (HCG) was positive in 6 cases and all except for 1 female case exhibited precocious puberty. In these 6 cases, histopathological diagnosis was choriocarcinoma in 2 cases (verified) and germinoma in 4 cases (2 of 4, verified). Twenty two of 26 cases were followed up to 7 yr in maximum. Twelve survivors are alive 3 yr and 10 mth on average since diagnosis. The remaining 10 cases died with the mean survival time of 1 yr and 8 mth. Two cases of choriocarcinoma and 1 case of embryonal carcinoma with teratoma all died around 1 yr. Long time survivors of more than 3 yr were limited to the cases of germinoma and 1 operated case of teratoma. Location of the tumor, age of onset and sex have no effect on the survival time. Of 6 cases of positive plasma HCG, 3 died and the other 3 are alive at present for 3 yr and 6 mth, 4 yr, and 4 yr and 2 mth, since diagnosis, respectively. ER  - 
Transient partial hGH deficiency in prepubertal children with delay of growth; The hGH response to an ornithine or an insulin test was measured in 105 children from 11-18 yr old with delay of growth more than 2 SD. Besides 74 subjects with normal values and 7 with complete lack of response, 24 subjects exhibited a partial rise of GH. Most of the latter had decreasing growth rate and no sign of puberty. Out of 15 assessed for GH function after onset of puberty, 14 showed a normal response accompanying a markedly increased growth velocity. Four other subjects with partial response who were receiving sexual hormones for 48 hr before the second test showed a normal response also. An exogenous hGH treatment administered in two of these patients resulted in a marked and sustained growth increase far before entering puberty. ER  - 
Cyproteroneacetate and ACTH adrenal function; Cryproteroneacetate, an antiandrogenic and gonadotropin-inhibiting steroid, has a marked ACTH suppressive effect. In rats, adrenal atrophy and severe impairment of ACTH and corticosterone responses to stress are induced by a 10-day treatment with 3-0.75 mg/100 g BW cyproteroneacetate/day. Two weeks after cessation of treatment, the ACTH adrenal system has not yet recovered. The ACTH suppression is evident 6 h after a single dose. In 25 human volunteers, a single dose of 200 mg cyproteroneacetate impaired their ACTH and 11-deoxycorticosteroid response to 1 g metyrapone. A similar impairment was seen in 12 women on sequential treatment with cyproteroneacetate and ethinyl estradiol. In 4 out of 11 children treated for precocious puberty, random plasma ACTH and cortisol measurements, cortisol responses to ACTH, and ACTH and cortisol responses to insulin-induced hypoglycemia revealed severely impaired ACTH adrenal function. Questionable impairment was found in 2 out of 11 and normal function in 5 out of 11 children. In 10 patients with endogenous elevated plasma ACTH, 10 days of treatment with cyproteroneacetate, in addition to the steroid substitution, diminished the morning plasma ACTH levels. It is concluded that cyproterone-acetate has a pronounced ACTH-suppressive effect. The individual susceptibility of treated patients varies and the effect is dose dependent. A cortisol-like effect must be assumed, because cyproteroneacetate-treated animals and patients under therapy can withstand stress situations without signs of adrenal insufficiency. ACTH adrenal function must, however, be closely watched in treated patients and steroid cover must be considered in conditions of stress. Great care has to be taken when the drug, with its own 'stress-protective' effect, is withdrawn. The recovery of ACTH adrenal function may take several months. ER  - 
Hypoglycemia as a provocative test of prolactin release; Insulin-induced hypoglycemia has been traditionally used to test growth hormone (GH) and cortisol reserve. In order to determine its usefulness as a provocative test for prolactin (PRL) release, 31 healthy men and women, 38 patients with definite pituitary abnormalities (pituitary tumors, 17; hypopituitarism [other causes]-complete, 4, or partial, 17), and 17 patients with suspected pituitary dysfunction (delayed puberty, 5; short stature, 4; secondary amenorrhea, 6; empty sella, 2, received regular i.v. insulin (0.05-0.15U/kg), and the plasma was assayed serially for PRL, GH, cortisol, and glucose. In the 31 healthy subjects, PRL increased from 16.3 ± 1.8 ng/ml (mean ± SEM) to 45.5 ± 7.9 (p < 0.001) at 60 min and was still elevated at 120 min (25.8 ± 3.1 ng/ml). The maximal rise to 52.2 ± 8.0 ng/ml occurred between 40 and 90 min. There was no significant sex difference in the maximal PRL increase, maximal increment, or concentration at any time. In 21 of the 31 subjects, PRL increased at least 10 ng/ml with a doubling of baseline levels - criteria for a positive response. In addition, 12 of the healthy subjects received thyrotropin-releasing hormone (TRH) (500 μg i.v.) while 5 received chlorpromazine (50 mg i.m.). There was no significant difference among the maximal prolactin increments following insulin (36.7 ± 7.9 ng/ml), TRH (46.4 ± 6.3 ng/ml), or chlorpromazine (63.4 ± 21.9 ng/ml). In patients with definite pituitary abnormalities, 28 of 38 had diminished PRL release after insulin. Of these 28, 23 also had inadequate GH and 13 impaired cortisol release. In the 10 partially hypopituitary subjects with normal PRL responses, GH increased normally in 7 and cortisol in all. 13 of the 17 patients with suspected pituitary dysfunction had adequate PRL increases, while the GH and cortisol responses were intact in 16 and 17 subjects, respectively. Overall, the PRL response was concordant with changes in GH in 44 of 55 patients and in cortisol in 32 of 55 patients. It is concluded that insulin-induced hypoglycemia (1) releases PRL in most normal subjects and (2) is useful in determining the integrity of the hypothalamic pituitary axis for PRL release in patients with suspected abnormalities of pituitary function. Moreover, in combination with TRH, it may aid in localizing the site of abnormality in patients with these disorders. ER  - 
Postoperative endocrinological findings in pituitary adenoma without endocrine activity after frontal craniotomy; The pre-and postoperative endocrinological findings are evaluated in 128 patients suffering from pituitary adenoma without endocrine activity, undergoing surgery in the Department of Neurosurgery, University Hospital, Zurich, in the 10-year period between 1962 and 1971. The preoperative examination showed hypothyroidism in 24% of all cases. 59% of the males showed primary or secondary hypogonadism. All females in the age between puberty and meno-pause complained of menstrual disturbances. One patient complained of preoperative diabetes insipidus. The postoperative examination showed that the function of a partially insufficient pituitary may improve after surgery. Hypothyroidism and adrenal insufficiency became normal in 2/3 of the cases. Male hypogonadism improved in 33% of the cases. One female gave birth to a normal baby after an uncomplicated pregnancy 6 years after pituitary surgery. 16% of the cases suffered from postoperative permanent diabetes insipidus. The operative complication rate (brain edema, intracranial bleeding, epilepsy) was 32%. The immediate surgical mortality was 7% (9 patients). Recurrent adenomas were found and operated on in 9% of the cases (11 patients). Three patients had 2 recurrences. ER  - 
Plasma LH and FSH levels before and under Gn-RH stimulation in prepuberal and puberal patients with short stature and sexual development disorders; Many hormonal changes are involved during puberty and, therefore, any puberal disturbances should be elucidated. The paper reports the results of plasma radioimmunoassay of GH, TSH, ACTH, FSH, and LH before and after stimulation tests in 10 subjects wih true precocious puberty (TPP): 7 with the idiopathic form, 2 with the organic form, and 1 with McCune Albright's syndrome. These were compared to 7 subjects with adrenal pseudoprecocious puberty (APP): 6 due to 21-hydroxylase partial deficiency and 1 to Cushing's syndrome. The results showed an increase of plasma GH response both to insulin-induced hypoglycemia and to arginine infusion tests, and an exaggerated and prolonged TSH response to TRH in the absence of clinical and conventional laboratory indices of hypothyroidism in the two groups. Moreover, the corticotropic function was impaired only in subjects with APP. Finally, basal and Δ LH and FSH values after Gn-RH, increased in both groups of subjects in the same way as in controls even if the subjects with APP showed more markedly increased Δ FSH values. In conclusion, an impairment of the hypothalamic-pituitary functions was frequently found in our series of patients, particularly the thyrotropic function which revealed the presence of borderline hypothyroidism in 40% of the cases. ER  - 
Stunted growth and hepatomegaly in diabetes mellitus; Mauriac syndrome of growth retardation and hepatomegaly in juvenile diabetes mellitus, first described in 1930, is thought to be the result of poor diabetic control. The present report concerns an affected girl in whom the syndrome went undetected for 12 years. ER  - 
Recent progress in research on the central regulation of growth hormone secretion; The secretion of pituitary and peripheral hormones is regulated by a chain of reactions in the central nervous system. According to current knowledge this chain consists of the following links: external and internal stimuli → mesencephalon → limbic system → monoaminergic neurones → hypothalamic nuclei → liberines (releasing hormones) and inhibines (inhibiting hormones) → portal system → pituitary → peripheral endocrine gland. Long-loop and short-loop feedbacks regulate the activity of this relay system. The monoaminergic neurones secrete neurotransmitters, of which three are presently known: norepinephrine, dopamine, and serotonin. Most likely there also exists a cholinergic neurotransmitter. The secretion of neurotransmitters can be increased or reduced by specific drugs. On this basis, certain neuroendocrinopathies, such as deprivation dwarfism, hypothalamic acromegaly, and anorexia nervosa, may be treated specifically. The pituitary secretion of growth hormone (GH) takes place mainly at night during deep sleep (slow-wave-sleep). This secretory pattern develops during the first year of life. It reaches its peak during puberty. At that time GH-spikes also occur during daytime. During adulthood GH secretion slowly diminishes again and at senescence it corresponds to early childhood. ER  - 
A case of McCune-Albright syndrome with hyperthyroidism and vitamin D-resistant rickets; A girl aged 1 11/12 year with the unusual combination of McCune-Albright syndrome (polyostotic fibrous dysplasia, cutaneous pigmentation and precocious puberty), hyperthyroidism and vitamin D-resistant rickets is described. Urinary estrogens are increased, while serum LH and FSH responses to LH-RH are subnormal. Thyroid hormone levels in serum and 131I thyroid uptake increased, while TSH response to TRH is decreased. Serum phosphorus level is low and phosphate clearance high, while PTH is within normal range. Basal GH level and GH responses to various stimulations are high, but high basal GH is suppressed by oral glucose. The oral glucose tolerance test shows normal blood glucose with hypersecretion of insulin. These data suggest that the common pathogenesis of the various aspects of the syndrome is a hypersensitivity of the target organs, which include the pituitary, the thyroid, the gonads, the pancreatic islet cells and the proximal tubules of the kidney. ER  - 
Diminished prolactin reserve: a case report; A 17 year old male patient presented with short stature and delayed puberty. Investigations showed normal thyroid function and intact TSH response to TSH-releasing hormone (TRH). Although basal levels of LH were low, both LH and FSH rose following the administration of LH-releasing hormone (LHRH). ACTH secretion assessed indirectly by the cortisol response to insulin hypoglycemia was normal. Growth hormone levels increased following the onset of sleep, as well as after the administration of insulin, L-dopa and L-arginine. Basal levels of prolactin were low (2-5 ng/ml) compared with 5-12 ng/ml in controls. There was a markedly impaired prolactin response to TRH (maximum rise above basal values of 3 ng/ml compared to a rise of 12-29 ng/ml in controls). Prolactin levels did not rise after the administration of chlorpromazine or L-arginine. There was some suppression of prolactin levels after L-dopa. Similar patterns of prolactin are seen in panhypopituitarism, where they are usually associated with other hypophyseal hormonal deficiencies. The diminished prolactin reserve demonstrated in this subject in the presence of intact function of the remainder of the anterior pituitary is compatible with the diagnosis of diminished prolactin reserve. ER  - 
A case of apparent hypopituitarism complicating chronic inflammatory bowel disease in childhood and adolescence; There is conflicting evidence regarding the adequacy of hypothalamic-pituitary function in children and adolescents with chronic inflammatory bowel disease complicated by growth retardation and delayed sexual maturation. A child with Crohn's disease, who has never received corticosteroid therapy, had delay of both growth and sexual maturation and has been investigated over the course of his disease. In addition to a skull X-ray (normal) and thyroid function tests (normal), a standard insulin tolerance test (insulin 0.15 u/kg) and a standard gonadotrophin-releasing hormone (Gn-RH) test (100 μg Gn-RH i/v) were performed when the bowel disease was in relapse and again during a remission of the bowel disease, achieved by surgery. When the bowel disease was in relapse (coincident with growth arrest) results showed an inadequate release of gonadotrophins and of growth hormone (even after pre-treatment with stilboestrol) but normal release of cortisol and prolactin. During a remission of the bowel disease coinciding with a period of rapid 'catch-up' growth, release of growth hormone was normal and that of gonadotrophins supranormal. The demonstration of a reversible apparent partial hypopituitarism in this boy not only re-questions the adequacy of hypothalamic-pituitary function in inflammatory bowel disease but also indicates a potential diagnostic pitfall in the routine investigation of growth retardation if gastrointestinal symptoms are not prominent at presentation. ER  - 
Hyperprolactinemia as a cause of delayed puberty: Successful treatment with bromocriptine; An 18-year-old male patient was referred because of galactorrhea and delayed puberty. There was no gynecomastia, but a white milky secretion could easily be expressed from each breast. The chest and skull X-rays were normal. The plasma prolactin was increased to 58 ng/ml and rose to 97 ng/ml after 200 μg TRF iv. The patient was treated for one year with testosterone; his voice deepened, body hair developed, libido and sexual function became overt, and bone age advanced from 14 1/2 to 17 years, but the galactorrhea increased. After a satisfactory stage of pubertal development was reached, the testosterone was stopped. The galactorrhea then decreased to its pretreatment intensity; however, sexual potency diminished, sexual hair growth decreased, and the plasma prolactin levels rose to 246 ng/ml. After a 5-month interval without treatment, bromocriptine was given and brought about an impressive improvement. Virilization and general well being were superior to that during testosterone treatment, the galactorrhea vanished, plasma prolactin decreased, testosterone rose to normal values, and a normal semen analysis was recorded. ER  - 
Juvenile diabetes mellitus, optic atrophy, hearing loss, diabetes insipidus, atonia of the urinary tract and bladder, and other abnormalities (Wolfram syndrome). A review of 88 cases from the literature with personal observations on 3 new patients; A review of 88 cases from the literature with personal observations on 3 new patients is given of the syndrome featured by juvenile diabetes mellitus, optic atrophy, hearing loss, diabetes insipidus, atonia of the urinary tract and bladder and other abnormalities. The postmortem in one of the cases is mentioned. The pattern of inheritance is autosomal recessive. The interpretation of the data on diabetes insipidus from the literature and in these 3 patients is also discussed. It can only be stated that neurohypophyseal diabetes insipidus can be a component of the syndrome and that in many cases - particularly in the presence of lesions of the efferent urinary tract - the possibility of nephrogenous diabetes insipidus cannot be excluded with certainty. It seems probable that the same mechanism can be held responsible for the lesions of the olfactory, optic, vestibular and cochlear nerves, the hypophyseal form of diabetes insipidus, retarded sexual maturation, abnormal pupillary reaction, myelopathy and the EEG, electroneurological and electromyographic changes in the Wolfram syndrome. The process underlying this affection of neural structures remains obscure. ER  - 
Selected hemodynamic indices of vascular state in children and juveniles affected by diabetes; The objective of the paper was the evaluation of the vascular state in children and juveniles affected by diabetes on the basis of selected hemodynamic indices. The study included 98 normal children aged from 5 to 21 yr, who constituted their own control group, as well as 60 children and juveniles with diabetes from 5 to 21 yr of age. The polygraphic recordings covered: ECG, TCG, pulse curves of carotid artery and femoral one, or the radial artery. The initial topographic measurements and arterial pressure determinations were followed by the calculation of selected hemodynamic indices, resorting to the physical analysis of the circulatory system. The physical analysis of the circulatory system in normal children made it possible to elaborate the values of own norms. In the group of diabetic children it was shown that there was a distinct increase in the pulse wave rate in the aorta, also partly in radial artery, elevation of air compression coefficient, rise in peripheral circulation resistance, increase of the mean pressure. A marked dependence was disclosed of the arterial wave rate in the studied arteries on the disease duration time. The estimation of the hemodynamic indices behavior in diabetic children led to the assertion that the clinically diagnosed diabetes during the puberty caused far advanced changes to appear. The results of own investigations were compared with numerically scanty data from literature established in the course of diabetes in children. ER  - 
Epidemiology of endometrial cancer; For a population-based, case-control study of cancer of the endometrium in Greater Boston from 1965 through mid-1969, 440 cases were drawn from nearly all hospitals in the area; controls were drawn at random from the general population. The age-adjusted incidence rate was 18.1/100,000 woman-years, with a peak at ages 55-59 and a gradual decline thereafter. Information was provided from 212 cases and 1,198 controls by mail questionnaire. A trend of reduced risk of endometrial cancer with increased parity was noted, the relative incidence (RI) for multiparous women being 0.3 compared to a RI of unity for married nulliparous women. The association of risk with age at first birth was irregular. Early menarche (RI=1.6) and late menopause (RI=1.7) were associated with increased risk of disease. Endometrial cancer risk was also found to be directly related to socioeconomic status, relative weight, diabetes, hypertension, and arthritis. The findings supported the idea that hormone activity during, and perhaps after, reproductive life is an important cause of this disease. ER  - 
Evaluation of the hypothalamic-pituitary-gonadal function in the Bardet-Biedl syndrome; The hypothalamic-pituitary-gonadal system was evaluated in three siblings with the Bardet-Biedl syndrome. All patients had mental retardation, pigmentary retinopathy, obesity, polydactyly, and hypogonadism. Serum levels of luteinizing hormone (LH) were above the upper limit of normality in the elder brothers (101.6 and 62.6 ng/ml, respectively) but were within normal limits in the young patient. Serum follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH) was within the normal range for all three patients. After 100 μg of intravenous gonadotropin-releasing hormone (LH-RH), the LH and FSH serum levels showed a response that correlated well with the respective pubertal stages of the patients. Chronic stimulation with synthetic LH-RH (500 μg for 3 days) was also followed by a marked rise in both LH and FSH. Clomiphene administration induced a marked rise in serum LH, while FSH values did not show a clear elevation. Although plasma testosterone was found to be normal for each individual patient, repeated stimulation with human chorionic gonadotropin failed to further increase plasma testosterone in the two elder brothers. Basal levels of serum prolactin and growth hormone were within the normal range and stimulatory and suppressive tests for these pituitary hormones were also normal in these patients. An oral glucose tolerance test revealed high basal levels and an exaggerated rise in plasma insulin values. Testicular biopsy performed in the three patients showed a nonuniform degenerative lesion of the seminiferous tubules with marked reduction of spermatogenic activity. Only scant groups of Leydig cells were seen in the interstitium with a clear decrease of the total number of these cells. These findings indicated a trend to an evolutive gonadal disorder possibly beginning near the onset of puberty and progressing throughout the adult life. ER  - 
A possible case of hypothalamic hypofunction caused by prolonged malnutrition due to intestinal blind loop; The authors describe a patient who had been suffering from prolonged malnutrition. The patient was a 22-year-old male. He was noted to have hypopituitarism clinically. In order to determine the role of malnutrition in the hypopituitarism, several substances and hormones in serum were measured before and after the surgery of intestinal blind loop. At the time of admission he was noted to have reduced pigmentation, growth retardation, weight loss and delayed puberty. X-ray examination of the bones showed osteomalacia. Fecal excretion of 131I-triolein for three days was 26.2% of total triolein, indicating that the absorption of fat was impaired. Significantly low values were found for a basal metabolic rate, 24-hr-131I uptake of the thyroid, serum T4, serum T3-RU, urinary excretion of 17-OHCS and 17-KS. The thyroidal radioiodine uptake was increased by consecutive injections of TSH. Plasma TSH was undetectable without TRH, which induced an increase in the plasma level of TSH. Therefore, hypothalamic hypothyroidism was most likely for a diagnosis. The impaired response of plasma GH to a hypoglycemia induced by insulin was observed. Also, the impaired response of urinary 17-OHCS to metyrapone was observed, although plasma ACTH was not determined. After surgery for the intestinal blind loop, he was apparently improved in the signs and the symptoms of malnutrition. He also developed a cracked voice, comedos on the face, pubic and axillary hair, and a beard. In addition, he gained 16 kg in weight and 4 cm in height for 9 months without any other treatment than the surgery. In the determination after surgery, serum lipids and protein were significantly increased, and then a marked increase in plasma levels of hormones was observed. Consequently it was considered that malnutrition played an important role in this hypopituitarism maybe through a decrease or cessation of the releasing factors, namely, hypothalamic hypofunction. ER  - 
Hypopituitarism after irradiation in children; Nine children were referred to the University of California Medical Center, San Francisco, for growth evaluation. Each had received conventional radiation doses to the head for tumors not involving the hypothalamus or pituitary, and demonstrated clinical and laboratory evidence of hormonal deficiencies several years after treatment. Six had significant height retardation. Growth hormone deficiency was documented in all by lack of response to provocative insulin, arginine, and/or L-dopa stimulation. ACTH function was evaluated by plasma cortisol response to insulin hypoglycemia in 7; one had a subnormal response. Plasma gonadotropins were measured after luteinizing hormone releasing factor (LRF) in 7 patients; only one had an abnormal response for age and stage of sexual maturation. Foresight in treatment planning and careful follow-up of patients receiving irradiation to the head is critical, since hypothalamic-pituitary deficiencies which may occur insidiously over many years, can largely be compensated. ER  - 
Histiocytosis X. Follow up of 43 cases; Over a 29-year period, 43 cases of histiocytosis X presented in children under the age of 12 years. 29 patients (67%) have survived, and of these, 15 (52%) have a detectable disability. It was confirmed that young age at presentation and evidence of soft tissue involvement were associated with a worse prognosis. The majority of deaths were associated with pulmonary involvement. 14 patients developed diabetes insipidus. 5 of the surviving adults have heights below the 3rd centile. Puberty usually occurred at a normal age. Follow-up studies on 12 survivors showed no evidence of residual abnormality of haematology, deficient lymphocyte function, or yeast opsonization. HLA typing showed no unusual pattern. Mild carbon monoxide diffusion defects were present in 4 patients and other abnormalities were detected on lung function tests. ER  - 
C peptide in diabetic children after stimulation with glucagon compared with fasting C peptide levels in non diabetic children; Fasting serum C-peptide and total immunoreactive insulin (IRI) were determined in 38 non-diabetic children and adolescents 6-22 years old. C-peptide varied between 0.22-0.73 pmol/ml (mean ± SD, 0.45 ± 0.11). There was a tendency to higher values during puberty. No difference was found between subjects with or without a family history for diabetes. IRI varied between 0-31 μU/ml (mean ± SD, 11.3 ± 6.5). The C-peptide response to glucagon was studied in 10 insulin dependent juvenile diabetics 11-19 years old, who had had measurable amounts of fasting C-peptide on some occasions during the previous years. Duration of diabetes varied between 4-12 years. A slight but significant rise in C-peptide level occurred in 3 patients. Their metabolic control estimated on the basis of daily urinalysis was 'excellent' or 'good'. The results support the hypothesis that even trace remnants of the beta cell function may be of importance for the metabolic control in juvenile diabetes. ER  - 
Oculocraniosomatic neuromuscular disease with hypoparathyroidism; During a 6-yr period, an adolescent girl developed a polyglandular disease characterized by hypoparathyroidism, chemical diabetes, growth failure and pubertal delay, hypercholesterolemia, and hypomagnesemia. A slowly progressive neurologic disorder occurred simultaneously, consisting of progressive external ophthalmoplegia, mitochondrial myopathy, ataxia, neural deafness, mental subnormality, atypical retinitis, corneal dystrophy, cataract, and increased protein level in the cerebrospinal fluid. An intracardiac conduction defect was also found. This disorder, the cause of which is uncertain, is termed oculocraniosomatic disease. The patient is apparently unique in that there was an associated hypoparathyroidism. ER  - 
Menstruation in diabetic girls (Polish); Investigations were carried out in 121 subjects with diagnosed diabetes mellitus at the age of 9 to 18 years. The mean age of menarche was determined together with the types of menstruation and cytohormonal smears. The results were confronted with selected basic clinical data concerning the general disease: the duration of diabetes mellitus, the presence of complications, the stability of the disease and the socio economic and environmental conditions. It was demonstrated that the mean age of menarche in girls with diabetes mellitus was delayed in comparison with healthy girls. A greater incidence of menstrual abnormalities was also demonstrated in the group studied. The paper demonstrated that the menstruation abnormalities were more frequent in girls living in bad economic conditions and in rural regions. ER  - 
Transitory growth hormone deficiency successfully treated with human growth hormone; This study was carried out in order to determine whether children with a transitory type of growth hormone deficiency showed an accelerated growth in height velocity on treatment with human growth hormone (HGH). Following careful diagnostic routine procedures 13 extremely short children were diagnosed as having growth hormone deficiency, and were successfully treated with HGH. A true isolated growth hormone deficiency was present in 5 of the children, whereas 8 showed a normal increase in serum growth hormone on repeated growth hormone stimulation tests after their development of puberty and termination of HGH treatment. Three boys with bone ages of 5.5, 8.0 and 9.5 years showed an undisputable effect following HGH administration. They showed an initial growth at the start of treatment, and a second growth spurt during development of puberty. Two of the boys reached final statures of 14 cm taller than the predicted heights. The other patients, including the children with true isolated growth hormone deficiency showed an initial spurt of growth at the start of the HGH treatment immediately followed by a pubertal growth spurt. The mean acceleration of height velocity for the children with true isolated growth hormone deficiency was from 3.4 cm during the year before treatment to 7.0 cm during the first year on treatment, as compared to 2.8 and 7.4 cm, respectively, for the children with transitory growth hormone deficiency. A girl with severe anorexia nervosa who had a transitory growth hormone deficiency, showed an accelerated high velocity from 1.1 cm to 7.6 cm during the first year following treatment with HGH. The question whether HGH treatment should be made available to all short children with no known syndrome, and presenting a height less than -3.5 SDS, a bone age/chronological age ratio of less than 2/3, and a height velocity less than -2 SDS is discussed. The only way to know if a child will respond to HGH treatment is to give it for a trial period of at least six months. At least a physiological stimulus to growth hormone secretion should be decisive in the selection of growth retarded children for HGH treatment. Different mechanisms seem to be responsible for physiological growth hormone secretion to sleep or exercise, and the secretion obtained with pharmacological stimuli. ER  - 
Inhibition of growth and bone maturation induced by long term treatment with corticosteroids; 2 case histories are described. In the first, a girl of 14 years with rheumatoid arthritis had received various steroids since the second year of life. Her weight was only 34.5 kg and her height 1.37 m. However, her bone development was in keeping with her age, and puberty had begun. In the second case, a boy of 13 years had received dexamethasone and prednisone for 8 years for neurodermatitis. His weight was only 23.2 kg and his height 1.26 m with retarded skeletal development and no signs of puberty. The results of extensive metabolic and endocrinological tests are reported and, on the basis of these, various mechanisms are suggested to explain the effects of steroids on growth. Firstly the secretion of growth hormone and its releasing factor may be suppressed or the action of growth hormone may be inhibited peripherally. Adrenocortical hormone production may be suppressed. Protein catabolism and bone and cartilage metabolism are affected. Enteric calcium resorption is affected and there is antivitamin D effect and a reduced production of calcium binding protein. It is suggested that for long term steroid therapy adrenocorticotrophic hormone (ACTH) or a synthetic steroid of low potency are most suitable. (10 references) ER  - 
A psychosomatic follow up study of childhood diabetics; A follow up investigation was performed on a group of 53 diabetics who comprised a study done 5 yr earlier. The subjects were 10 to 21 yr old and the duration of the disease ranged from 6 to 14 yr. These subjects represent rather poorly controlled diabetics. Pubertal development was delayed in a number of the subjects, and nearly 50% of them had some amount of growth retardation during the disease. Advanced late diabetic manifestations were present in 1 case and marked retinopathy in another case. 10 of the 53 subjects had had some significant scholastic difficulties. Special attention was paid to those subjects whose control of diabetes had changed from the time of the earlier study. Many whose control of the diabetes had become worse had experienced a loss or a negative change in their primary interpersonal relationships. A change toward better control had occurred e.g. to those who had been able to work through and gain mastery over their initial depression after the loss of health, or to those whose situation had become easier to manage with the growth of the child or through better arranged medical care. The type and functioning of the family is revealed as a correlate for the adequacy of diabetic care. The subjects whose disease was poorly controlled belong mainly to families with various conflicts and malfunctioning. On the basis of these observations, the following conclusions are of importance for success in diabetic care: Special care and guidance is needed by those patients whose families are disturbed in one way or another. Helplessness in the family calls for special attention; a loss or negative change in the primary interpersonal relationship is likely to cause a change for the worse in diabetic control. ER  - 
Diabetes mellitus following mumps in a patient with Laurence Moon Biedl syndrome (Japanese); A 15 year old female patient was admitted to the hospital on February 19, 1974 because of glycosuria associated with general malaise, thirst, polyuria and visual impairment. Her childhood physical and mental development were retarded, although she was born full term without complication. At the age of 6, she developed obesity. At the age of 10, she was transferred into a special class due to retarded intelligence. She also started to complain of visual impairment. She received urinalysis by chance at the age of 11, with results indicating negative glycosuria. Her menarche was at the age of 14, but subsequent menstruation has been quite irregular. On January 28, 1974 she developed swelling and tenderness in the right cheek associated with a fever of 38°C and a diagnosis of mumps was made. During the course of convalescence, urinalysis showed glycosuria. In mid February, she noted thirst and polyuria associated with general malaise, and entered the hospital on February 19, 1974. On examination her height was 142 cm and body weight was 48.5 kg. Intelligence was retarded and I. Q. was 37. Visual acuity was impaired and fundoscopic examination revealed degeneratio retinae pigmentosa bilaterally. Secondary sex characteristics including mammillary glands, axillary and pubic hair were poorly developed and a hypoplasic uterus was observed. A 50g GTT showed high glucose levels which was indicative of a diabetic pattern. Serum IRI during the 50g GTT were somewhat low and delayed. Mumps Hi titre was positive. The patient was placed on a diet and received oral administration of tolbutamide, which resulted in a controlled blood glucose level and improvement of the thirst and general malaise. These findings indicated the development of diabetes mellitus in a patient with Laurence Moon Biedl syndrome. It is strongly suggested that the onset of diabetes mellitus in this patient might be a consequence of the preceding mumps infection. ER  - 
Catamnestic analysis of patients treated because of uterine corpus cancer (Polish); Numerous references describe the role of hypothalamus hypophysis ovaries pathway disturbances in the etiopathogenesis of uterine corpus cancer. The aim of this work was retrospective analysis of occurrences of the classic triad: obesity, hypertension, diabetes mellitus; and of co existence of other precursory factors such as age, environment, profession, socio economic conditions, menstruation disturbances and fertility. 102 women filled in questionnaires. Data were gathered on special tables and analysed statistically. It was demonstrated that uterine corpus cancer appeared at a mean age of 59 years, chiefly in professionally active women with medium or good socio economic conditions who were town inhabitants. Menstrual disturbances from menarche to climacterium were often reported (about 50%). Obesity and hypertension were met in about 35%. Manifest diabetes mellitus was present in only 3% of cases. Some statistical correlation was found between the appearance of obesity and menstruation disturbances and climacteric period disturbances. ER  - 
Glucose and insulin responses to an oral glucose load in normal children and adolescents in Israel; Sixty three normal, healthy children and adolescents (39 males and 24 females) ranging in age from 2 to 20 years, were given a standard oral glucose tolerance test. A tendency to higher blood glucose levels and a statistically significant increase in insulin levels were found in the older age group in response to the glucose load. The older age group showed a significantly higher response of both glucose and insulin when separate percentile curves for prepubertal and pubertal boys and girls were constructed. No statistical differences were found between the sexes. The findings demonstrate the necessity of applying norms for the oral glucose tolerance test according to age, particularly with respect to insulin values. The possibility of additional differences in response among various populations, as apparent from a comparison with the results of several other investigators, requires further study. ER  - 
Effect of vesicoureteral reflux on renal function in children with recurrent urinary tract infections; The functional damage caused by vesicoureteral reflux (VUR) has been examined by unilateral clearance studies in 22 children with recurrent urinary tract infection (UTI) and representing 23 kidneys with large VUR, 7 kidneys with small to moderate VUR and 14 kidneys without VUR. Inulin clearance, Na+ excretion and glucose reabsorption were determined. In kidneys without or with small and moderate VUR, UTI had no effect on renal function if treated. In kidneys with large VUR extending into the pelvis and dilating the ureter, there was a gradual deterioration of glomerular filtration rate (GFR) that was accelerated after the age of 6 yr. Before puberty more than 50% of renal function was lost despite strict medical care of the UTI. If this functional loss was unilateral, hyperfunction of the contralateral kidney was generally observed. Maximal glucose reabsorption was depressed in proportion to GFR. In kidneys with unilaterally low GFR, the fractional Na+ excretion was consistently increased as compared to the contralateral kidney with normal GFR. This adaptive increase in Na+ excretion must therefore be of intrarenal origin. ER  - 
Intracranial embryonal carcinoma. Report of 4 cases; Four cases of primary intracranial embryonal carcinoma are reported. Two were of the endodermal sinus variety, the other 2 of the adult or classical type of embryonal carcinoma, one of these also showed microscopic foci of trophoblastic differentiation and another revealed areas of dysgerminoma and a few elements of the endodermal sinus variety. Three of the four patients were male. The age ranged from 9 to 17 yr with an average of 13 yr. Signs and symptoms of intracranial hypertension were present in all patients. One of them developed precocious puberty, another had diabetes insipidus, a third had the periaqueductal gray matter syndrome described by Koerber, Salus and Elschnig, and the last had predominantly abnormal behavioral changes. All the tumors were located in the midline with varying degrees of involvement of the hypothalamus, midbrain, third ventricle, chiasm and optic nerves. None of them had extracranial metastases. In general, the clinical course was short, the average survival time in 3 patients was 2 mth. Only one patient survived 4 yr. ER  - 
Insulin and free fatty acid levels during oral glucose tolerance tests and their relation to age in 70 healthy children; In 70 healthy children aged from three months to 15 years, blood glucose, immunoreactive insulin, and free fatty acids were measured during a three hour glucose tolerance test. The results are presented for the whole group as well as for 3 age groups: 3 months to 5 years, 6 to 10 years, and 11 to 15 years. It is demonstrated that (1) glucose levels are significantly lower in young children (younger than 5 years); (2) there are no significant age related changes in free fatty acid concentrations; (3) insulin levels are increasing constantly and significantly with age, the most strikingly at the age of onset of puberty; the absence of notable changes in glucose tolerance results in a rise of the I/G ratio as well. The causes for the increase of insulin secretion with age, whether of peripheral or pancreatic order, are still speculative. ER  - 
Cystic fibrosis in adolescents and adults; Forty five patients (25 male and 20 female) over 12 years of age with cystic fibrosis have been studied clinically, radiologically and physiologically. Their mean age at the first visit was 17 years; they were followed for a mean period of 4 years and attended at least every six months. The first symptom which developed before the age of five in 42 of the 45 patients was respiratory. Thirty two of the 45 patients had severe lung disease (Group III) at the start of the study and seven patients died during the study. Cough and sputum were almost universal, 23 had haemoptyses and eight pneumothoraces. Staphylococcus pyogenes, Haemophilus influenzae and Pseudomonas aeruginosa were the common pathogens isolated from sputum and the increasing prevalence of the latter was again confirmed. Acquisition of the mucoid strain of pseudomonas signified poor prognosis. Established infection was never eradicated. Forty three patients had evidence of pancreatic insufficiency; in all but one patient the symptoms were mild and five patients abandoned dietary restriction and pancreatin without ill effect. Seven patients had symptoms of partial bowel obstruction (meconium ileus equivalent) but only one required surgical relief. The liver was enlarged in seven patients and the spleen was felt in three. Three patients had diabetes mellitus. The influence of cystic fibrosis on growth and development is reported, the growth spurt is late in the majority but growth failure is not confined to those with severe lung infection or malabsorption and in these circumstances remains unexplained. Mean weight was low in relation to height and puberty was delayed in both sexes. ER  - 
Juvenile diabetic cheiroarthropathy; A peculiar involvement of the interphalangeal joints of both hands with palmar flexion of the fingers has been observed in 11 insulin treated, nonrheumatoid, juvenile diabetics. The onset of diabetes occurred between 1 and 12 years of age. Painless deformities of the fingers with progressive stiffness and impaired extension started 4 to 10 years later. One patient complained of articular pain and swelling. X ray and circulatory changes were absent or minimal. Prepubertal patients showed delayed puberty and stunted growth, adult patients had normal sexual development. Rheumatic or rheumatoid signs were absent. Electromyography showed minor abnormalities of the motor units, normal or subnormal motor nerve conduction velocity, increased median nerve terminal latency, in the absence of muscular atrophy or thickening of palmar tendons. Vibratory sensitivity was imapired in 1 subject. Juvenile cheiroarthropathy is associated with: a) early onset and poor control of diabetes; b) stunted growth; c) hepatomegaly; d) delayed puberty; e) long standing administration of insulin. The articular changes are distinct from previously known forms of 'diabetic hand', such as atrophic neuropathy, osteoarthropathy, Dupuytren's contracture, carpal tunnel syndrome. ER  - 
Mauriac syndrome: an ever present problem in infantile diabetes (Polish); During a period of 12 years 2204 diabetic children were treated. In 38 of them (1.7%) typical Mauriac syndrome was recognized. In the light of an analysis of this clinical material attention is called to therapeutic difficulties, a persistent tendency to hepatomegaly and disturbances of linear body growth and sexual maturation resistant to treatment despite control of metabolic equilibrium. Modern views on the nature of this syndrome are discussed. The hypothesis of A cell dysfunction as a cause of the syndrome is put forward. ER  - 
Hormonal changes in thalassaemia major; Patients with severe thalassaemia major suffer endocrine and other abnormalities before their eventual death from iron overload due to repeated blood transfusions. The endocrine status of 31 thalassaemic patients aged 2.5 to 23 years was investigated. Exact data were available on the rate and duration of blood transfusion in all of them and in many the liver iron concentration was also known. Although the patients were euthyroid, the mean serum thyroxine level was significantly lower, and the mean thyrotrophic hormone level significantly higher, compared with the values found in normal children. Forty oral glucose tolerance tests with simultaneous insulin levels were performed in 19 children, of whom 5 developed symptomatic diabetes and one had impaired tolerance. Previous tests on all 6 patients were available and some showed raised insulin levels possibly due to insulin resistance. 2 patients had clinical hypoparathyroidism and are described. The parathyroid hormone levels determined by radioimmunoassay in 25 patients were below the mean for the age group in all and outside the reference range in 16. Nonfasting plasma calcium levels were not reduced. Puberty was delayed in some patients. Concentrations of luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) measured in urine from 7 girls and 5 boys showed considerable variation. In the boys there was an overall tendency for FSH and LH excretion to be low with regard to age, but with respect to puberty rating FSH excretions were normal or low and LH normal or raised. The girls showed a tendency for LH but not FSH excretion to be raised in relation to puberty rating. The severity of the endocrine changes was related to the degree of iron loading and is discussed in relation to previous work in which the iron loading has rarely been accurately indicated nor parathyroid status assessed. ER  - 
Intracranial human chorionic gonadotropin producing tumors. Its endocrinological and pathological findings (Japanese); 4 cases of the intracranial human chorionic gonadotropin (HCG) producing tumors are reported. Case 1 was a 21 yr old female with visual disturbance, diabetes insipidus, and hypogonadism. Case 2 was an 11 yr old male with visual disturbance, diabetes insipidus and precocious puberty. Cases 3 and 4 were 10 yr old males who had progressive left hemiparesis and precocious puberty. According to the endocrinological examination of hypothalamic pituitary function by radioimmunoassay, serum luteinizing hormone (LH) levels were abnormally high, and serum follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) levels were scanty in all cases. As the result of radioimmunoassay using antibody to native HCG and β subunit of HCG, native HCG as well as α and/or β subunit of HCG were identified in sera of all cases, in CSF of 2 cases, in tumor tissue of 1 case and in urine of 1 case. Tumors were confirmed to be located in suprasellar, hypothalamic and thalamic region by neuro radiological examinations. Two out of four cases were operated and were diagnosed to be choriocarcinoma and two cell pattern pinealoma (germinoma). Following LINEAC irradiation in all cases, HCG levels in the serum and in the CSF became negligible. Serum LH and FSH levels in all cases and plasma testosterone concentration in 3 males who were diagnosed as precocious puberty fell into normal range. Histologically, a part of intracranial human chorionic gonadotropin producing tumors seemed to be germ cell origin. Endocrinological examinations by radioimmunoassay are very useful to make diagnosis and therapy as well as to predict prognosis. ER  - 
Idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura manifesting as gingival hypertrophy: case report; Patients presenting with greatly enlarged gingiva in the absence of significant local factors should be carefully evaluated. Gingival hypertrophies occur in systemic diseases such as diabetes mellitus, under hormonal influences (re: puberty and pregnancy gingivitis), drug therapy (dilantin hyperplasia) and rarely with neoplastic disease (leukemia). Hereditary fibromatosis gingivae must also be ruled out. Thrombocytopenia usually presents in the oral cavity as gingival bleeding and mucosal hemorrhaging yielding multiple hematomas (thrombocytopenic purpura). However, the foregoing is illustrative of the fact that blood dyscrasias may present as gingival hypertrophies and dentists must then be aware that bleeding diatheses should be part of a differential diagnosis of these generalized gingival hypertrophies. Through proper management, patients with bleeding diatheses can undergo extensive dental surgical procedures with minimal risks and excellent end results. The generally excellent results of periodontal surgery with little or no morbidity serves to illustrate this point. ER  - 
Short intravenous glucose arginine test (iGAT); The glucose arginine short test (IGAT) was performed on a control group of healthy persons and compared with the simple intravenous glucose tolerance test (IGTT) to clarify special investigative problems, in the diagnosis and treatment of diabetes mellitus in infants and young people. Alpha amino N, glucose tolerance, free fatty acids in the serum, glycerol, total insulin, growth hormone and glucagon like immunoreactivity were recorded. In the IGAT the glucose injection resulted 15 minutes later in an increase of blood sugar and in a raising of alpha amino N. The IGAT when compared with the IGTT was characterized by a significantly higher insulin concentration up to 30 minutes and by a stronger assimilation of glucose between the 15th and the 45th minute. The test is suitable for the differential diagnosis of special problems (spontaneous hypoglycaemia, deficiency in glycogenolytic factor deficiency in somatotrope hormone). Its special significance lies in the evaluation of bihormonal regulation of utilization of food (relation of insulin to hyperglycaemic factor), that is disturbed in a diabetic by a deficiency of insulin and increased secretion of the glycogenolytic factor. An increase of the somatotrope hormone basis values was proved in girls beyond puberty, mainly induced by stress and an increase in a boy patient was thought to be conditioned by infection. ER  - 
LH RH test in prepuberal children; The luteinising hormone releasing hormone (LH RH) test was performed in 62 mainly prepuberal children. A dose of 25 μg/20 kg was given iv between 10 and 12 a.m. Prepuberal healthy boys between 1 yr 11 mth and 9 yr 7 mth of age reacted with a 4 fold increase of LH. Prepuberal boys with a unilaterally undescended testicle showed no difference in LH response from normal. Even a low increase in LH may be followed by spontaneous puberty in children with pituitary dwarfism. The LH response in children craniopharyngeoma was heterogeneous and appeared to depend on location of tumor and extent of operation. Birdheaded dwarfism and small stature due to steroid administration and due to unknown etiology showed normal LH responses for age. Cases with anorchia and myotonic dystrophy had an excessive LH increase. The LH response in children with Fanconi's anemia and undescended testicles and in otherwise healthy boys with undescended testicles was normal for age. A case of untreated adrenogenital syndrome without salt loss had a presumably normal increase of LH when related to bone age. Primary and pituitary hypothyroidism was shown to have a higher than normal output of LH. A boy with tumor of the 3rd ventricle had basal levels of LH that were extremely elevated and associated with precocious puberty and diabetes insipidus. A newborn infant with anencephalus showed no increase of LH after LH RH injection. ER  - 
Shapiro's syndrome. Spontaneous periodic hypothermia with agenesis of the corpus callosum; A child is reported with severe dwarfism, convulsive encephalopathy with hypotonia and various visceral and somatic malformations. Recurrent crises of spontaneous hypothermia and the discovery of hypoplasia of the corpus callosum permitted confirmation of the diagnosis. The position of the Shapiro syndrome among hypothermias and in the more general framework of structural malformations of the median interhemispheric line is discussed. Distinction of the syndrome, a variant of episodic hypothermia, which is also very exceptional, appears to be fully justified on the basis of the 3 cases reported in the literature. ER  - 
Some problems of obesity: questions and answers; The unusual presentation of this article is the result of an enquiry in the course of a postgraduate session of training in the Saint Antoine Faculty of Medicine that was centered on the question of obesity. The questions, the answers to which are reproduced here, are extracted from a more ample list, The conceptions of obesity vary between two poles. One is purely mathematical; obesity is defined by excess of weight, the simple explanation being based on the caloric value of the diet; it then remains to explain the almost certain inequality of the response of individuals to a diet of a given caloric value. The other more nuanced conception brings in alongside the weight, the notion of the silhouette and admits the existence of one or several factors likely to disturb the metabolic reactions at a certain caloric load. Feminine obesity appears essentially at puberty, in pregnancy and in the menopause (like the Cushing syndrome, for example, and, in what concerns pregnancy, like diabetes mellitus). This is a weighty argument against the first theory. It might be said that, in a hospital department the choice between these two poles is subject to nuances. It is probable that, in this domain as in many others, our knowledge is sufficiently poor for neither of the poles to be able to pronounce finally on the matter. ER  - 
Fat cell size in obese children: effects of dietary restriction; Fat cell size was determined in 91 untreated obese children aged 6 to 16 yr, with a degree of obesity of at least +2.6 (SD) of weight corrected for height. The mean degree of overweight of the obese children was 4.1 ± 0.3. A biopsy of adipose tissue in the abdominal region was carried out, and after separation by collagenase, the diameter of 300 fat cells was measured. A homogeneous and unimodal distribution of fat cell sizes was found; the mean diameter was 105.81 ± 2.68 μm and mean volume 616.3 ± 22 x 103 μm3. There was no significant difference between the sexes, though the difference in mean diameter between the 2 age groups (above and below 10 yr) was significant (P<0.05). Reduction in weight led to the appearance of a correlation between the degree of overweight and the adipocyte size which was not found before diet restriction. ER  - 
Pituitary gigantism: effect of somatostatin and treatment with transsphenoidal microsurgery; A 14 yr old pubertal male with an excessive linear growth rate of 28 cm in 30 mth, an enlarged sella turcica, and baseline plasma growth hormone (GH) levels consistently above 150 ng/ml was studied. Somatostatin (100 μg stat and 3 μg/min for 2 hr) caused a decrease in plasma GH from 148 to 71 ng/ml by 45 min with no further decline. Sequential infusion of arginine and insulin evoked a paradoxical decrease in plasma GH from 206 to 118 ng/ml; however, oral glucose reduced plasma GH from 256 to 79 ng/ml. The LRF response was pubertal; plasma T was 131 ng/dl. The rise in plasma TSH induced by TRF was blunted, although serum T4 was 5.3 μg%. Baseline prolactin was 9.2 ng/ml and declined on oral L dopa to < 1 ng/ml. A small eosinophilic adenoma was removed by transphenoidal microdissection. Only 'ltttle GH' was found in both plasma and a tumor extract by gel filtration. Six mth later the growth rate had decreased to 7.5 cm/yr. Basal GH was 7.2 ng/ml and rose to 12.2 ng/ml during an arginine infusion. Somatostatin decreased plasma GH from 12.2 to 4.8 ng/ml. Other pituitary hypothalamic function tests were unchanged. Thus somatostatin effectively lowered but did not suppress plasma GH levels implying partial resistance; transphenoidal microsurgery appears to be a promising, low morbidity approach to removal of intrasellar tumors; and removal of the tumor by this method results in return of normal GH levels without apparent loss of other pituitary functions. ER  - 
Diagnosis and treatment of diabetic ketoacidosis; With generally earlier diagnoses and improved diabetic therapies, severe diabetic ketoacidosis has become less frequent. At least half of all diabetic children do not have another significant episode of ketoacidosis once insulin therapy has commenced. Recurrences are relatively common in a few, particularly when they undergo puberty. The clinical causes for its recurrence despite therapy are outlined and described. Evaluation and therapy are presented. ER  - 
Endocrine disorders in anorexia nervosa in adolescent girls; It seems that 2 types of functional endocrine disorders can be encountered in anorexia nervosa: a primary and early disturbance in the hypothalamic control of the hypophysogonadal axis with arrested growth of the hypothalamus (primary amenorrhea) or regression to a prepuberal stage (secondary amenorrhea); a peripheral hindrance to the use of the thyroid, adrenocortical and metabolic hormones (STH insulin) due to a disorder of peripheral receptivity, secondary to protein calorie malnutrition. The dualist conception cannot be completely accepted since it has recently been demonstrated that there exist especially at the time of puberty, relationships between the metabolic state and the hypothalamic activity. ER  - 
Study of a family with atypic progeria; Two forms of systemic progeria have been described. The first usually begins in children from 6 to 12 months of age and phenotypically it is fully developed before puberty. The other form or progeria usually starts at puberty or later. Werner in 1904 described the fist four cases; since then 127 cases have been repoted. We report the findings of a family with atypical progeria. The patients are two males and two females of a family of fourteen. Their parents had no history of consanguinity, nor is there knowledge of similar cases or other abnormalities in their relatives. ER  - 
Epidemiological aspects of carcinoma of the corpus uteri; In a case control study an epidemiological investigation of cancer of the endometrium was carried out. 407 patients with cancer of the endometrium were compared with a control group of 450 women. The patients with endometrial cancer differed from the control group in that there was significantly higher incidence of diabetes mellitus and hypertension. Overweight could not be determined with certainty, but there are many corresponding statements in literature about a higher degree of overweight. Furthermore the patients with carcinoma of the uterine corpus had an earlier menarche, a latter menopause, a smaller number of deliveries and more menstrual abnormalities. They were more exposed to radiation in the pelvis, the incidence of malignant tumors was higher in their families. So factors of high risk related to cancer of the endometrium could be defined. ER  - 
Hypothalamic and pituitary function in hypogonadotropic hypogonadism; Hypogonadotropic hypogonadism has been identified as a cause of partial or complete failure of puberty, may be familial and may have other associated abnormalities of hyposmia, intellectual retardation, perceptive deafness, color blindness, skeletal deformities, and gynecomastia. Pituitary function is usually normal with the primary defect believed to be hypothalamic. A 20 yr old white male with a clinical diagnosis of hypogonadotropic hypogonadism and anosmia underwent complete endocrine evaluation with evaluation of the pituitary response to luteinizing hormone releasing hormone. FSH (follicle stimulating hormone) and LH (luteinizing hormone) release after luteinizing hormone releasing hormone did occur, but the response was less than that seen in normal controls. Evaluation demonstrated that the pituitary gonadal axis was intact with the hypothalamic pituitary axis being defective. Therapy with the synthetic decapeptide (luteinizing hormone releasing hormone) is correct theoretically and may be superior to therapy with exogenous gonadotropins. ER  - 
Decreased carbohydrate tolerance in pregnant patients with an early menarche; Carbohydrate tolerance was studied in pregnant patients with no personal or family history suggestive of diabetes, but with a menarche before 12 yr of age. The mean disappearance rate constant for glucose (k) in the intravenous glucose tolerance test was 1.68 in the group of patients with an early menarche. This value is essentially the same as that found in patients with the usual criteria for screening for gestational diabetes, where k equaled 1.61. Both values are significantly different from the remaining patients studied, where k was 1.94. The mean fasting blood sugars and the mean 2 hr post 100 Gm glucose meal blood sugars in patients with a menarche before 12 yr of age and the patients with the usual criteria for screening for gestational diabetes were also the same when compared to each other, and significantly different from those of remaining patients studied. There were no apparent reasons for the early menarche group to have a decreased tolerance to glucose except their early menarche. ER  - 
Neuroendocrine effects of haloperidol therapy in chronic schizophrenia; The neuroendocrine effects of haloperidol therapy have been examined in 62 male chronic schizophrenic patients, aged 16-62 yr. The duration of the disease varied between 2 and 29 yr. The patients were divided into 48 hebephrenics with onset of the disease at puberty, or immediately after puberty, and 14 paranoids with onset of the disease in adulthood. They received 6 mg i.m.p.d. of haloperidol, for 30 days, up to a total dose of 180 mg. The following hormonal variables were examined before therapy and at 10-20 and 30 days of treatment: total urinary gonadotropins, serum FSH and LH, GH response to insulin stimulation, ACTH reserve (Metyrapone test), total urinary 17 ketosteroids and 17 hydroxycorticoids before and after an ACTH stimulation test, serum testosterone, insulin response to glucose load, plasma thyroxine before and after a TSH stimulation test. The basic hormonal values revealed decreased secretion of total gonadotropins, FSH, LH, ACTH and testosterone, and increased insulin secretion. The haloperidol therapy seemed to stimulate the secretion of FSH, LH, total gonadotropins, ACTH and testosterone, up to normal or low normal levels. No modifications were observed in the other hormonal variables. The significance of these results is discussed. ER  - 
Insulin antibodies in diabetes in children at the age of puberty (Polish); In 45 children with insulin dependent diabetes, a significantly higher level of insulin binding antibodies was found in comparison with healthy children and diabetic children not treated with insulin. The percent binding of 125I labelled insulin by the serum was accepted as a measure of antibody level. In 21 children treated with insulin during from 6 months to 2.5 yr, no correlation was demonstrated between the antibody level and the age of the child, while in 24 children treated with insulin during from 3 to 13 yr, this correlation was significant. Statistical analysis was done and regression curves were plotted for all groups of studied children. ER  - 
Study of a family with a new progeroid syndrome; Two forms of systemic progeria have been described. The first usually begins in children from 6 to 12 months of age and phenotypically it is fully developed before puberty. The first cases were reported by Hutchinson and Gilford. By 1972, a total of 61 cases had been reported. The other form of progeria usually starts at puberty or later. In 1904 Werner described the first 4 cases. Since then 127 cases have been reported in the world literature. The purpose of the present paper is to report the findings of a family with atypical progeria. The patients are 2 males and 2 females in a family of 14. There was no history of consanguinity, nor is there knowledge of similar cases or other abnormalities among their relatives. ER  - 
Respiratory findings in acute poisoning with volatile hydrocarbons; Pulmonary findings in 3 cases of volatile hydrocarbon ingestion are reviewed. Two cases had minor functional respiratory changes with circumhilar opacities in both lung fields and a favorable outcome. The third case developed mediastinal emphysema complicated bilateral pneumothorax and death in a matter of hours. Autopsy findings showed lesions of the bronchioles, interstitial emphysema and intra alveolar hyaline membranes suggesting the destruction of surfactant as a consequence of hydrocarbon ingestion. ER  - 
Delayed adolescence; Delayed adolescence occurs in about 25 out of 1,000 children and may cause psychosocial problems around the age of puberty. The diagnosis is based on the simultaneous retardation of sexual maturation, bone age, and linear growth in otherwise healthy boys and girls and on the familial occurrence of delayed puberty. Growth hormone determinations may be necessary to differentiate between delayed adolescence with severe growth retardation and isolated growth hormone deficiency. The determination of plasma LH and FSH after stimulation with LH RH allows a prompt differentiation between gonadotropin deficiency and delayed adolescence. Treatment with testosterone is indicated only when serious psychological problems are present. ER  - 
Hypothalamic pituitary adrenal function and growth in asthmatic children on long term betamethasone valerate aerosol; The effect of long term maintenance with betamethasone valerate aerosol upon the hypothalamic pituitary adrenal axis and growth was studied in asthmatic children using this therapy. The mean of serial monthly morning cortisols during the first and second 6 months of treatment were compared with pre therapy levels in 10 children and showed change. Further studies were carried out in 13 children who had received betamethasone valerate for a mean of 9 months. Cortisol release in response to insulin induced hypoglycaemia was normal in 10 of the 11 children tested who had not previously received oral steroid therapy. The response to a pharmacological dose of ACTH was normal in all 13 children studied. ACTH release in response to insulin induced hypoglycaemia was normal in the same 13 children. Growth velocity in 23 prepubertal children who had been treated with betamethasone valerate for longer than one year was found to be within the normal range. Growth hormone secretion following insulin induced hypoglycaemia was normal in the 13 children studied. The authors conclude that long term therapy with betamethasone valerate, using their dose scale, is unlikely to cause significant suppression of the hypothalamic pituitary adrenal axis, and probably allows growth to continue normally. ER  - 
'Supra Klinefelter' syndrome (48,XXXY) in a prepubescent child: clinical and cytogenetic study; The authors observed a 10 yr old boy showing mental retardation, slight facial and bone anomalies, scrotal hypoplasia, with small penis, as well as dermatoglyphic peculiarities. Buccal smear revealed the presence of cells with one and 2 Barr bodies. Two late replicating X chromosomes were demonstrated by tritiated thymidine labeling and radioautography. The chromosome complement from peripheral blood was thus 48, XXXY. No indication of linkage with colour vision, G6PD and blood group Xg was obtained. In the literature the authors found 29 cases of Klinefelter's syndrome with a XXXY complement, only 8 of which were diagnosed before puberty. (28 references.) ER  - 
Simultaneous evaluation of the pituitary reserve of GH, TSH, ACTH and LH in children; Plasma growth hormone (GH), thyrotropin (TSH), cortisol and luteinizing hormone (LH) concentrations after simultaneous intravenous administration of insulin, thyrotropin releasing hormone (TRH) and luteinizing hormone releasing hormone (LH-RH) were measured for the succeeding 2 hr at 30 min intervals in 14 clinically normal children, 20 patients with short stature, 17 obese children and 19 patients who had endocrine or central nervous system (CNS) disorders. In normal children, the maximal increments of plasma GH, cortisol and TSH (mean ± SD) were 17.9 ± 8.4 ng/ml, 11.0 ± 3.8 μg/100 ml and 13.2 ± 7.2 μU/ml, and the times of occurrence of the peak were at 60 min, 60 min and 30 min, respectively. No differences due to age or sex were noted. LH release, however, was low in prepubertal children (11.7 ± 5.1 mIU/ml) and increased strikingly at puberty (116 ± 80 mIU/ml). Interferences between releasing hormone and insulin action by simultaneous administration were not observed. In the patients with miscellaneous endocrine or CNS diseases, low, delayed or exaggerated responses were obtained singly or concomitantly. Clinical application of this procedure will be useful for the diagnosis or investigation of pathophysiologic state of hypothalamopituitary axis in infancy and childhood. ER  - 
Glucose phosphate isomerase deficiency with hereditary nonspherocytic hemolytic anemia; 8 Children (5 living, 3 deceased) with severe hereditary nonspherocytic hemolytic anemia caused by glucose phosphate isomerase deficiency were observed in 2 families. All affected children were severely anemic in early life. 3 deaths occurred in young patients who did not receive adequate transfusions of blood or whose parents refused to permit splenectomy. Splenectomy generally abolishes the requirement for blood transfusion. No patient required regular transfusion of blood after puberty. Growth and development were surprisingly normal and no patient died of infection. The anemia is expressed as an autosomal recessive trait, but the enzyme variant can be detected in hematologically normal heterozygotes. The abnormal isomerase molecule is heat labile and is contained in neutrophils and lymphocytes as well as in erythrocytes. ER  - 
The effects of prolonged physiologic estradiol therapy on the maturation of hypogonadal teenagers; The response to physiologic estradiol (E2) therapy for 1 to 2 yr was evaluated in 9 hypogonadal teenagers, 12.9 yr of age and over. Doses of 1.5-2 mg depot E2 monthly uniformly induced both breast development and menarche. Sexual hair progressed in all patients independently of adrenarche. Linear growth and bone maturation rates were approximately doubled during the first year of E2 therapy. The eventual height of the patients treated for 1.5 yr or more closely approached predicted height. Before therapy the height of the gonadotropin level was independent of age. FSH suppressibility of E2, however, was age dependent and LH suppressibility was dependent upon previous E2 treatment. ER  - 
Management of the teenager with retardation of physical growth or sexual maturation; Growth retardation with delayed sexual development is a common problem of the teenager. In most cases an accurate diagnosis can be made from a detailed history, a review of the growth pattern, careful physical examination with assessment of the stage of secondary sexual development, radiographs for establishing stage of skeletal maturation and a few laboratory tests. In the majority of patients further investigation and treatment is unnecessary or unavailable. The management of these patients involves assessment and treatment of their psychosocial and other medical problems. The patient and parents should be given a full explanation of the problems and prognosis in regard to eventual height and sexual development. Follow up supervision is necessary for assessment of progress, reassurance and for the common teenage psychological problems that are often increased in the handicapped patient. A few patients can be identified who require further investigation now or who will need a continuing follow up for investigation later because of a continuing abnormally low growth rate. The further investigation and treatment of this small group of patients requires a consultation with a pediatric endocrinologist or referral to a center dealing with these problems. ER  - 
17 KS and 17 OHCS excretion in diabetic girls (Polish); Urinary excretion of 17 KS and 17 OHCS was determined in 27 healthy and 33 diabetic girls. In premenarche girls no significant differences were observed in the excretion of 17 KS and 17 OHCS between diabetic girls and healthy controls. Girls past the menarche age showed significantly lower values of urinary 17 KS when their diabetes began before the age of 10 yr. It seems that the early onset of diabetes has a significant effect on puberty in girls. ER  - 
Stabilization of plasma glucose during fasting. Normal variations in two separate studies; To establish more reliable criteria for the diagnosis of hypoglycemia during fasting, studies of plasma glucose concentrations during 72 hours of fasting were conducted independently at 2 institutions. Pre menopausal women did not stabilize glucose at a level comparable to men. Twenty four subjects, both men and women were fasted in Study 1. The mean (± S.E.M. (standard error of the mean)) lowest glucose recorded was 66.4 ± 2.9 mg per 100 ml in men of normal weight and 47.8 ± 2.9 mg per 100 ml in women. In Study II the mean lowest glucose in 40 fasts by women was 41.3 ± 1.9 mg per 100 ml. No variation was noted in the early and latephases of the menstrual cycle. Three pre pubertal children had glucose responses during fasting comparable to those of women. To be considered abnormal, plasma glucose must decrease in women to less than 35 mg per 100 ml within 24 hours, and in men, 55 mg per 100 ml. After 36 hours of fasting, it is virtually impossible to judge the diagnostic implications of plasma or blood glucose values in pre menopausal women. ER  - 
Prader Labhart Willi syndrome. Clinical and psychopathological findings in four patients; The clinical symptoms of 4 cases of Prader Labhart Willi syndrome are described including some followup details and general as well as endocrinological laboratory data. When discussing therapy the following points should be considered: glucose tolerance; genital and pubertal development; psychological and intellectual development and obesity. ER  - 
Down's syndrome. Study of carbohydrate metabolism; Eight adolescent patients with Down's syndrome and short stature were studied. Three of the 8 patients had inadequate plasma insulin response to glucose or to arginine stimulation. The glucose disappearance rate in one of them followed a diabetic pattern. Exogenous insulin disappeared with a mean t 1/2 of 13 min, and the Kt for glucose was 2.276. The authors conclude that the abnormalities in insulin production and glucose disappearance in a few of the patients suggests a possible diabetic tendency. The short stature and delayed puberty were not due to pituitary deficiency of growth hormone or of gonadotrophins. ER  - 
Endocrine manifestations of lesions of the pineal region in the child; Neuroradiological examination must be carried out in all children with clinical or biological signs of diabetes insipidus or hypogonadism and in all boys showing precocious puberty of central origin. In precocious puberty of girls a pneumoencephalography is permissible, but in cases where radiographic results are doubtful the surgical exploration of the pineal region is contraindicated except in cases where the clinical picture includes typical ophthalmic involvement such as, for instance, Parinaud's sign. Sometimes a considerable time interval elapses between the endocrinal and the first neurological signs. This time can be used for therapy and for assay of hydroxyindole O methyltransferase which has provided promising results in cases of metastases of a pinealoma. Elucidation of the endocrine pathology related to the pineal gland has thrown some light on its physiological role, but has not yet clarified the mystery which surrounds this gland. ER  - 
Studies in congenital generalized lipodystrophy. V. Circulating insulin and pro insulin; Plasma from 3 subjects with congenital generalized lipodystrophy was filtered on Sephadex G 50, and the fractions obtained were analyzed for immunoreactive insulin (IRI). In one patient plasma was obtained in the course of an iv glucose tolerance test, during which there was a substantial increase of IRI. In the fasting state IRI was recovered as a single peak with an elution volume corresponding to crystalline insulin. Twenty min after the glucose load the insulin immunoreactivity appeared in two peaks, a major peak corresponding to crystalline insulin ('little' insulin) and a small peak corresponding to beef pro insulin ('big' insulin). The relative amount of 'big' insulin remained small during the glucose tolerance test. Twenty min after the glucose load the amount of 'big' insulin was 4%, whereas 6% was found after 170 min. In a second patient with a substantially lower IRI activity 'big' insulin was not detected after a glucagon load. Likewise, in a third patient with frank diabetes, studied after the age of puberty, a tolbutamide tolerance test failed to reveal any significant amount of 'big' insulin. ER  - 
The pharmacological control of growth hormone release. Studies on the action of L dopa and chlorpromazine in normal subjects and patients with parkinsonism, acromegaly and delayed onset of puberty; Recent preliminary reports suggested that L dopa, given for the treatment of Parkinsonism, produced a rise in plasma growth hormone. The present study was conducted to confirm this observation, and to investigate further this action of L dopa. Six patients with Parkinsonism, 6 normal subjects, 7 acromegalic patients and 5 patients with delayed adolescence were studied. Informed consent was always obtained for these studies. For the first 2 groups the pattern of plasma growth hormone levels was studied after administration of placebo, L dopa (1.0 g) or L dopa (1.0 g) with chlorpromazine (50 mg): 25 g glucose were given i.v. during each study. These 3 treatments were given on consecutive days in random order. For the acromegalic patients single doses of L dopa (1.0 g) and chlorpromazine (50 g) were given on consecutive days: 50 g glucose were given orally during each study. For the patients with delayed adolescence an intravenous insulin tolerance test was carried out on 2 consecutive days, 250 mg L dopa being given before the second test. The results of these studies confirm the original observations in Parkinsonism, and extend the data to other groups of patients. Hyperglycemia, or chlorpromazine at the dose used, did not suppress the growth hormone releasing action of L dopa. The single dose of chlorpromazine did not suppress growth hormone levels in acromegaly, and these patients showed no response to L dopa. In delayed onset of puberty L dopa treatment gave a variable additive response to plasma growth hormone during hypoglycemia. The implications of these studies for the pharmacological treatment of disorders of growth hormone secretion are discussed. ER  - 
Estimation of ACTH reserve on normal and hypopituitary subjects: Comparison of oral and intravenous metyrapone with insulin hypoglycemia; Pituitary adrenal reserve was evaluated in control and idiopathic hypopituitary (IH) subjects using the plasma 11 deoxycortisol response to a 4 hr infusion of metyrapone, the urinary 17 hydroxycorticosteroid (17 OHCS) response to oral metyrapone and the plasma corticoid response during a combined arginine insulin tolerance test (AITT). In the iv metyrapone test, mean (±SD) 11 deoxycortisol values in μg/100 ml for control subjects (N = 16) are: 0 hr = 0.8 ± 0.5; 4 hr = 5.4 ± 1.8; 5 hr = 5.9 ± 1.5. For IH patients untreated with corticosteroids (N = 9) the corresponding values were: 1.5 ± 1.3; 7.9 ± 4.1; and 8.5 ± 4.3, respectively. All of the control and 8 of 9 IH subjects showed significant positive responses. Six of the IH subjects had abnormal oral metyrapone tests on at least 1 occasion. During the AITT, mean values (±SD) in μg/100 ml for control subjects (N = 10) were: baseline = 9.3 ± 4.8; 45 min after insulin = 20.3 ± 4.5; 60 min after insulin = 23.9 ± 4.7. Corresponding values in untreated IH subjects (N = 9) were 11.0 ± 3.3; 23.7 ± 4.7; and 27.0 ± 6.7. All control and IH subjects had significant positive responses to the AITT. Two patients with organic hypopituitarism and 1 IH patient treated with cortisone failed to respond to any of these stimuli. These data suggest that IH patients with abnormal oral metyrapone tests may have a mild defect in control of ACTH secretion which is overcome by more potent stimuli such as iv metyrapone or insulin induced hypoglycemia. The latter 2 may be more useful in assessing the need for corticoid replacement. ER  - 
Growth in diabetic children: Studies in identical twins; An inquiry to determine whether early onset diabetes leads to retardation of growth and development is described. Healthy monozygotic twins are normally very similar in height and therefore provide ideal comparisons for the effect of disease on height. The adult height and age of menarche in 35 young onset identical twin pairs, one or both of whom had diabetes, were studied. In all but one of 12 pairs in which one twin developed diabetes before puberty and the other did not, the affected twin was shorter; the mean difference was 2 1/4 in., which is much more than would be expected by chance. In the pairs in which diabetes appeared after puberty in one or both twins there was no significant difference in height. When both twins developed diabetes before puberty, again there was no significant difference in height. In 2 pairs of girl twins in whom diabetes appeared before puberty in one but not the other, menarche was 4 and 5 yr later in the affected than in the unaffected twin, whereas in the other pairs the difference was only about 1 mth. These differences were seen despite apparently satisfactory diabetic control. It is concluded that diabetes of early onset leads to retardation of growth and development, even when its treatment is adequate as judged by conventional criteria, that these criteria are inadequate, and that the control of insulin dependent diabetes is almost always poor. ER  - 
Insulin, early cell growth and excess adipose tissue; A close role of insulin secretion and overnutrition in the development of accelerated growth appears to exist. Overgrowth or accelerated growth was produced in the fetal primate. Increased activity of the pituitary, adrenal and pancreatic axis may coexist. Earlier studies in which the fetal beta islet cells were challenged led to similar but tentative conclusions. Emphasis appears to be on cytoplasmic growth since both in the cerebrum and in the muscle one finds protein accretion to be increased relative to DNA. The finding that enzyme activity in the brain was increased emphasizes the advancement in maturational or biological age. Excess availability to the fetus of substrate (namely glucose and amino acids) might explain these changes. In postnatal life, evidence shows that excessive weight gain and excessive growth and maturation in infancy occur with overnutrition. As sexual maturation approaches, the female is perhaps more vulnerable to obesity, since multiplication of fat cells at that time is part of the genetic program accounting for sexual maturation. If overnutrition has existed in the neonatal period, together with hereditary predisposition, one can suspect a greater predisposition to obesity. The stimulation of hormonal production from the hypothalamic, pituitary and pancreatic axis, by excess substrate is probably intimately related female, excess cell growth. Excess secretion of insulin would induce excess cytoplasmic growth. With the passage of time other factors, and hormonal imbalance (perhaps due to adrenal cortical activity) counters the effectiveness of insulin. Adrenal androgens may override the effects of estrogens so that in the female cell multiplication continues. ER  - 
Growth hormone secretion in children. Part II: The responses of growth hormone secretion with insulin induced hypoglycemia in various diseases; Thirty four children with endocrine or metabolic diseases were investigated. In hyperthyroidism the mean fasting and mean peak levels of plasma growth hormone were normal, but one of 3 children showed blunted response with the value of 6.2 mμg/ml. In hypothyroidism the mean fasting and the mean peak levels of plasma growth hormone were 1.8±1.9 mμg/ml and 5.1±3.4 mμg/ml respectively. The peak value of plasma growth hormone was lower than those in normal subjects. In simple obesity the mean fasting and the mean peak levels of plasma growth hormone were almost the same as those in control children. However, the impaired growth hormone response to hypoglycemia was shown in 2 of 8 obese children with the values of 4.6 and 5.6 mμg/ml, and the close relationship between the degree of obesity and the impaired growth hormone response was not observed. In constitutional short stature and delayed adolescence the mean fasting and peak levels of plasma growth hormone in 11 cases did not differ from those in control subjects. In children with true precocious puberty the mean fasting and the mean peak levels of plasma growth hormone were not different from those in control subjects. In children with Marfan's syndrome the mean fasting and the mean peak levels of plasma growth hormone were normal, and in Addison's disease the fasting and the peak levels of plasma growth hormone were also normal. In hypopituitarism the fasting level of plasma growth hormone was within the normal range, but the peak value of plasma growth hormone was lower than that in the normal. In children with juvenile diabetes mellitus, 2 of 3 children showed the normal or slightly elevated peak values of plasma growth hormone. Another child was under treatment of insulin prior to investigation. ER  - 
Immunologic study of diabetic syndrome in children and adolescents; In 102 children and adolescents aged 3-22 yr with compensated diabetes the possibility of immunological detection of the activity of their metabolic disorder was studied as well as the possibility of detecting the corresponding vascular changes. Pancreas and liver were selected as suitable sources of antigens for verifying the metabolic disorder, while the vascular wall, cardiac muscle, cholesterol and heparin and its precursors, hyaluronic acid and collagen, were used for studying angiopathic changes. The antigens were demonstrated by the complement consumption test. The compensated children and juvenile diabetics showed a greater formation of antibodies (in 53%) than the controls (3-12%). 60% of the girls gave a positive reaction compared with 49% of the boys. In both sexes, favorable factors for the development of an immune reaction were: beginning of the disease (69%) and growth acceleration (61%); sexual maturation was another factor in girls. The maximal antigenicity was 16% for cholesterol, 14% for pancreas, 12% for vascular wall, and 10% for cardiac muscle. The formation of antibodies against other antigens proved to be 5-7% compared with 2-4% in the controls. The increased immunological reactivity observed in compensated children and juvenile diabetics seems to indicate an increased risk of autoaggressive processes and more frequent occurrence of autoimmune diseases. The most frequent immunological response in the form of a secondary reaction to a deviated endogenous metabolism of cholesterol and pathological changes in pancreas, vascular wall and cardiac muscle, might contribute to the activity of macroangiopathic processes. On the other hand, their immunological response did not reflect any pathological changes in the liver, nor indicate the activity of microangiopathic processes at the level of glycoprotein metabolism. ER  - 
Comparison of growth acceleration of pituitary dwarfs treated with anabolic steroid and thyroid hormone with normal growth spurt; 26 patients with pituitary dwarfism and 21 patients with delayed adolescence were treated by the administration of desiccated thyroid and an anabolic steroid, and their effectiveness in producting an increase in growth rate was compared in the two groups and also with the growth spurt of normal adolescents. The mean growth rate of patients with pituitary dwarfism was less than 3.4 cm per yr at any chronological age before treatment, and increased to 8.93 ± 0.40, 6.37 ± 2.47 and 5.13 ± 1.67 cm per yr in the first, second and third yr of treatment with a total increment of 21.0 ± 4.58. This compared with a 3 yr increment in 12 treated delayed adolescents of 25.8 ± 4.1 and the 3 yr puberty growth spurt in 33 normal male adolescents of 22.2 ± 2.25. The final height of these dwarfs is not known since they are still under treatment and still growing. When the patients with pituitary dwarfism were divided into two groups, i.e. one in which the HGH in serum could be detected and the other in which the HGH could not be detected at any time, the height increment for the period of 3 yr treatment seemed to be greater in the HGH detectable group than in the undetectable group. The data suggests that a small amount of basic HGH secretion may play an enhancing role in the activity of anabolic steroid and thyroid hormones. ER  - 
