Review and drug therapy implications of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency.; PURPOSE: The pathophysiology, diagnosis, and medication-use implications of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency, the most common enzyme deficiency in humans, are reviewed. SUMMARY: Originally identified as favism in patients who experienced hemolysis after ingestion of fava beans, G6PD deficiency results from an X-linked chromosomal mutation that leads to reduced activity of the enzyme responsible for the final step of the pentose phosphate pathway, through which reduced nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate required for protection of cells from oxidative stress is produced. G6PD deficiency affects about 400 million people worldwide. Diagnosis of G6PD can be made through detection of enzymatic activity (by spectrophotometric testing, fluorescence testing, or formazan-based spot testing) or molecular analysis to detect known mutations of the gene encoding G6PD. Most individuals with G6PD deficiency are asymptomatic throughout life. Symptoms of acute hemolysis associated with G6PD deficiency include anemia, fatigue, back or abdominal pain, jaundice, and hemoglobinuria. The most common precipitators of oxidative stress and hemolysis in G6PD deficiency include medication use and infection. CONCLUSION: G6PD deficiency should be considered in patients who experience acute hemolysis after exposure to known oxidative medications, infection, or ingestion of fava beans. A diagnosis of G6PD deficiency is most often made through enzymatic activity detection, but molecular analysis may be required in females heterozygous for the disorder. When clinically feasible, rasburicase, primaquine, dapsone, pegloticase, and methylene blue should not be used until a G6PD diagnostic test has been performed.
Alpha-Thalassemia. BTI - GeneReviews(®); CLINICAL CHARACTERISTICS: Alpha-thalassemia (α-thalassemia) has two clinically significant forms: hemoglobin Bart hydrops fetalis (Hb Bart) syndrome (caused by deletion/inactivation of all four alpha globin [α-globin] genes; --/--), and hemoglobin H (HbH) disease (most frequently caused by deletion/inactivation of three α-globin genes; --/-α). Hb Bart syndrome, the more severe form, is characterized by prenatal onset of generalized edema and pleural and pericardial effusions as a result of congestive heart failure induced by severe anemia. Extramedullary erythropoiesis, marked hepatosplenomegaly, and a massive placenta are common. Death usually occurs in the neonatal period. HbH disease has a broad phenotypic spectrum: although clinical features usually develop in the first years of life, HbH disease may not present until adulthood or may be diagnosed only during routine hematologic analysis in an asymptomatic individual. The majority of individuals have enlargement of the spleen (and less commonly of the liver), mild jaundice, and sometimes thalassemia-like bone changes. Individuals with HbH disease may develop gallstones and experience acute episodes of hemolysis in response to infections or exposure to oxidant drugs. DIAGNOSIS/TESTING: The diagnosis of Hb Bart syndrome is established in a fetus with characteristic hematologic and hemoglobin (Hb) findings and molecular genetic testing that identifies biallelic pathogenic variants in both HBA1 and HBA2 that result in deletion or inactivation of all four α-globin alleles. The diagnosis of HbH disease is established in a proband with hematologic and Hb findings and molecular genetic testing that identifies biallelic pathogenic variants in HBA1 and HBA2 that result in deletion or inactivation of three α-globin alleles. MANAGEMENT: Treatment of manifestations: Hb Bart syndrome: intrauterine blood transfusions, improved transfusion strategies, and rarely curative hematopoietic stem cell transplant may allow survival of children. HbH disease: while most individuals are clinically well and survive without any treatment, occasional red blood cell transfusions may be needed during hemolytic or aplastic crises. Red blood cell transfusions are very rarely needed for severe anemia affecting cardiac function and erythroid expansion that results in severe bone changes and extramedullary erythropoiesis. In contrast, persons with non-deletional HbH disease may be more severely affected and transfusion dependent. Prevention of primary manifestations: Because of the severity of Hb Bart syndrome, the occasional presence of congenital anomalies, and the risk for maternal complications, prenatal testing and early termination of pregnancies at risk have usually been considered. However, recent advances in intrauterine and postnatal therapy have increased treatment options, thus complicating the ethical issues for health care providers and families facing an affected pregnancy. Prevention of secondary complications: Monitor individuals with HbH disease for hemolytic/aplastic crisis during febrile episodes; in those who require chronic red blood cell transfusions, iron chelation therapy should be instituted; for those who are not red blood cell transfusion dependent, iron chelation with deferasirox can be considered to reduce liver iron concentration. Surveillance: For HbH disease, hematologic evaluation every six to 12 months; assessment of growth and development in children every six to 12 months; monitoring of iron load with serum ferritin concentration and periodic quantitative measurement of liver iron concentration. Agents/circumstances to avoid: In persons with HbH disease: inappropriate iron therapy and oxidant drugs (i.e., the same drugs to be avoided by individuals with glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency). Evaluation of relatives at risk: Test the sibs of a proband as soon as possible after birth for HbH disease so that monitoring can be instituted. Pregnancy management: Complications reported in pregnant women with HbH disease include worsening anemia, preeclampsia, congestive heart failure, and threatened miscarriage; monitoring for these issues during pregnancy is recommended. GENETIC COUNSELING: Alpha-thalassemia is usually inherited in an autosomal recessive manner. Hb Bart syndrome: At conception, each sib of a proband with Hb Bart syndrome has a 25% chance of having Hb Bart syndrome (e.g., --/--), a 50% chance of having α-thalassemia trait with deletion or inactivation of two α-globin genes in cis (e.g., --/αα), and a 25% chance of being unaffected and not a carrier. HbH disease: The risk to sibs of a proband depends on genotype of the parents. Carrier testing: Family members, members of ethnic groups at risk, and gamete donors should be considered for carrier testing. Couples who are members of populations at risk for α-thalassemia trait with a two-gene deletion in cis (--/αα) can be identified prior to pregnancy as being at risk of conceiving a fetus with Hb Bart syndrome. Prenatal and preimplantation genetic testing may be carried out for couples who are at high risk of having a fetus with Hb Bart syndrome or for a pregnancy in which one parent is a known α-thalassemia carrier with a two-gene deletion in cis (--/αα) when the other parent is either unknown or unavailable for testing.
Comparison of quantitative and qualitative tests for glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency.; A barrier to eliminating Plasmodium vivax malaria is inadequate treatment of infected patients. 8-Aminoquinoline-based drugs clear the parasite; however, people with glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency are at risk for hemolysis from these drugs. Understanding the performance of G6PD deficiency tests is critical for patient safety. Two quantitative assays and two qualitative tests were evaluated. The comparison of quantitative assays gave a Pearson correlation coefficient of 0.7585 with significant difference in mean G6PD activity, highlighting the need to adhere to a single reference assay. Both qualitative tests had high sensitivity and negative predictive value at a cutoff G6PD value of 40% of normal activity if interpreted conservatively and performed under laboratory conditions. The performance of both tests dropped at a cutoff level of 45%. Cytochemical staining of specimens confirmed that heterozygous females with > 50% G6PD-deficient cells can seem normal by phenotypic tests.
Glucose-6-Phosphate Dehydrogenase Screening in Israel-Arab and Palestinian-Arab Neonates.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the frequency of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G-6-PD) deficiency, the incidence of clinically significant jaundice (any serum total bilirubin value >75th percentile on the hour-specific bilirubin nomogram), and the need for phototherapy in the pooled male Israeli-Arab and Palestinian-Arab population born at the Shaare Zedek Medical Center in Jerusalem, Israel. STUDY DESIGN: Quantitative G-6-PD enzyme testing of umbilical cord blood was performed during birth hospitalization. G-6-PD deficiency was defined as any G-6-PD value <7.0 U/gHb. Transcutaneous bilirubin was performed daily during birth hospitalization, with serum total bilirubin testing in those with a transcutaneous bilirubin value >75th percentile. RESULTS: Ten of 286 (3.5%) consecutively delivered male Arab newborns had G-6-PD deficiency. Clinically significant jaundice was higher in the population with G-6-PD deficiency compared with normal controls (relative risk, 3.45; 95% CI, 1.24-9.58). Thirty percent of the newborns with G-6-PD deficiency met American Academy of Pediatrics indications for phototherapy according to the high-risk (middle) curve on the phototherapy graph. CONCLUSION: The frequency of G-6-PD deficiency in the Arab neonatal population delivering at this medical center meets World Health Organization criteria for neonatal G-6-PD screening (3%-5%). As in other ethnic groups, clinically significant jaundice is more frequent in newborns of this ethnic group with G-6-PD deficiency compared with G-6-PD-normal controls. Neonatal G-6-PD screening for both males and females of this population subgroup, in conjunction with parental education regarding the dangers of the condition and its prophylaxis, has now been incorporated into our institution's routine G-6-PD screening program.
Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency in Tunisia: molecular data and phenotype-genotype association.; Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency is the most common human enzyme defect. In this study, we aimed to perform a molecular investigation of G6PD deficiency in Tunisia and to associate clinical manifestations and the degree of deficiency with the genotype. A total of 161 Tunisian subjects of both sexes were screened by spectrophotometric assay for enzyme activity. Out of these, 54 unrelated subjects were selected for screening of the most frequent mutations in Tunisia by PCR/RFLP, followed by size-based separation of double-stranded fragments under non-denaturing conditions on a denaturing high performance liquid chromatography system. Of the 56 altered chromosomes examined, 75 % had the GdA(-) mutation, 14.28 % showed the GdB(-) mutation and no mutations were identified in 10.72 % of cases. Hemizygous males with GdA(-) mutation were mostly of class III, while those with GdB(-) mutation were mainly of class II. The principal clinical manifestation encountered was favism. Acute hemolytic crises induced by drugs or infections and neonatal jaundice were also noted. Less severe clinical features such as low back pain were present in heterozygous females and in one homozygous female. Asymptomatic individuals were in majority heterozygote females and strangely one hemizygous male. The spectrum of mutations seems to be homogeneous and similar to that of Mediterranean countries; nevertheless 10.72 % of cases remain with undetermined mutation thus suggesting a potential heterogeneity of the deficiency at the molecular level. On the other hand, we note a better association of the molecular defects with the severity of the deficiency than with clinical manifestations. FAU - Laouini, N
Point-of-Care Quantitative Measure of Glucose-6-Phosphate Dehydrogenase Enzyme Deficiency.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Widespread newborn screening on a point-of-care basis could prevent bilirubin neurotoxicity in newborns with glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency. We evaluated a quantitative G6PD assay on a digital microfluidic platform by comparing its performance with standard clinical methods. METHODS: G6PD activity was measured quantitatively by using digital microfluidic fluorescence and the gold standard fluorescence biochemical test on a convenience sample of 98 discarded blood samples. Twenty-four samples were designated as G6PD deficient. RESULTS: Mean ± SD G6PD activity for normal samples using the digital microfluidic method and the standard method, respectively, was 9.7 ± 2.8 and 11.1 ± 3.0 U/g hemoglobin (Hb), respectively; for G6PD-deficient samples, it was 0.8 ± 0.7 and 1.4 ± 0.9 U/g Hb. Bland-Altman analysis determined a mean difference of -0.96 ± 1.8 U/g Hb between the digital microfluidic fluorescence results and the standard biochemical test results. The lower and upper limits for the digital microfluidic platform were 4.5 to 19.5 U/g Hb for normal samples and 0.2 to 3.7 U/g Hb for G6PD-deficient samples. The lower and upper limits for the Stanford method were 5.5 to 20.7 U/g Hb for normal samples and 0.1 to 2.8 U/g Hb for G6PD-deficient samples. The measured activity discriminated between G6PD-deficient samples and normal samples with no overlap. CONCLUSIONS: Pending further validation, a digital microfluidics platform could be an accurate point-of-care screening tool for rapid newborn G6PD screening.
Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency prevalence and genetic variants in malaria endemic areas of Colombia.; BACKGROUND: Glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) is an enzyme involved in prevention of cellular oxidative damage, particularly protecting erythrocytes from haemolysis. An estimated 400 million people present variable degrees of inherited G6PD deficiency (G6PDd) which puts them at risk for developing haemolysis triggered by several risk factors including multiple drugs and certain foods. Primaquine (PQ) is a widely used anti-malarial drug that can trigger haemolysis in individuals with G6PDd. Intensification of malaria control programmes worldwide and particularly malaria elimination planning in some regions recommend a more extensive use of PQ and related drugs in populations with different G6PDd prevalence. This a preliminary study to assess the prevalence of G6PDd in representative malaria endemic areas of Colombia by measuring G6PD phonotype and genotypes. METHODS: Volunteers (n = 426) from four malaria endemic areas in Colombia (Buenaventura, Tumaco, Tierralta and Quibdo) were enrolled. Blood samples were drawn to evaluate G6PD enzymatic activity by using a quantitative G6PD test and a subset of samples was analysed by PCR-RFLP to determine the frequency of the three most common G6PD genotypic variants: A-, A+ and Mediterranean. RESULTS: A total of 28 individuals (6.56 %) displayed either severe or intermediate G6PDd. The highest prevalence (3.51 %) was in Buenaventura, whereas G6PDd prevalence was lower (<1 %) in Tierralta and Quibdo. G6PD A alleles were the most frequent (15.23 %) particularly in Buenaventura and Tumaco. Overall, a high frequency of G6PD A- genotype, followed by A+ genotype was found in the analysed population. CONCLUSIONS: G6PDd based on enzymatic activity as well as G6PD A allelic variants were found in malaria-endemic populations on the Pacific coast of Colombia, where most of malaria cases are caused by Plasmodium vivax infections. These infections are treated for 14 days with PQ, however there are no official reports of PQ-induced haemolytic crises. Further assessment of G6PDd prevalence in malaria endemic areas in Colombia is crucial in view of possible mass drug administration for malaria elimination in these regions, as well as implementation of appropriate G6PDd diagnostic methods. FAU - Valencia, Sócrates Herrera
Neonatal screening for glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency: biochemical versus genetic technologies.; Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G-6-PD) deficiency, a commonly occurring genetic condition, is associated in neonates with severe hemolytic episodes, extreme hyperbilirubinemia, and bilirubin encephalopathy. Neonatal screening programs for the condition should increase parental and caretaker awareness, thereby facilitating early access to treatment with resultant diminished mortality and morbidity. However, screening for G-6-PD deficiency is not widely performed. Although G-6-PD-deficient males may be accurately identified, females are more difficult to categorize because many in this group may be heterozygotes with phenotype overlap between normal homozygotes, heterozygotes, and deficient homozygotes. Screening methodologies include biochemical qualitative assays, quantitative enzymatic activity measurements and DNA-based polymerase chain reaction molecular screening. The appropriateness of any of these technologies for any particular population group or geographic area must be assessed before setting up a screening program. The pros and cons of each method, including ease of testing, cost, need for sophisticated laboratory equipment and degree of personnel training, as well as the ability to identify females, are discussed.
Comparison of quantitative and qualitative tests for glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency in the neonatal period.; INTRODUCTION: Considering the high prevalence of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency among newborns, different screening methods have been established in various countries. In this study, we aimed to assess the prevalence of G6PD deficiency among newborns in Rasht, Iran, and compare G6PD activity in cord blood samples, using quantitative and qualitative tests. METHODS: This cross-sectional, prospective study was performed at five largest hospitals in Rasht, Guilan Province, Iran. The screening tests were performed for all the newborns, referred to these hospitals. Specimens were characterized in terms of G6PD activity under ultraviolet light, using the kinetic method and the qualitative fluorescent spot test (FST). We also determined the sensitivity, specificity, negative predictive value, and positive predictive value of the qualitative assay. RESULTS: Blood samples were collected from 1474 newborns. Overall, 757 (51.4%) subjects were male. As the findings revealed, 1376 (93.4%) newborns showed normal G6PD activity, while 98 (6.6%) had G6PD deficiency. There was a significant difference in the mean G6PD level between males and females (P = 0.0001). Also, a significant relationship was detected between FST results and the mean values obtained in the quantitative test (P < 0.0001). CONCLUSION: According to the present study, FST showed acceptable sensitivity and specificity for G6PD activity, although it appeared inefficient for diagnostic purposes in some cases.
Quantitative neonatal glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase screening: distribution, reference values, and classification by phenotype.; OBJECTIVE: To determine enzyme assay reference values for newborns in a Sephardic Jewish population at high risk for glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency. STUDY DESIGN: Quantitative G6PD testing was performed on umbilical cord blood. The reduction of nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate to nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate-oxidase, reflecting G6PD activity, was measured spectrophotometrically. Hemoglobin (Hb) was measured on the same sample. G6PD activity was recorded as U/g Hb. RESULTS: Males (N = 1502) were separated into 2 distinct groups: those <7 U/g Hb (n = 243 [16.2%], median 0.28 U/g Hb), designated G6PD deficient, presumably hemizygotes; and those ≥ 9 U/g Hb (n = 1256 [83.8%], 18.76 U/g Hb), designated G6PD normal, presumably hemizygotes. Female (n = 1298) values were a continuum and were categorized based on the male distribution: those <7 U/g Hb (n = 81 [6.2%], 4.84 U/g Hb), G6PD deficient, probably homozogytes; those ≥ 9.5 U/g Hb, equivalent to 50% of the male normal value, (n = 1153 (88.8%), 18.36 U/g Hb), G6PD normal, probably homozygotes; and those with intermediate values (n = 64 [4.9%], 8.61 U/g Hb), probable heterozygotes. CONCLUSIONS: Accurate identification of the male G6PD-deficient state was possible despite high normal neonatal G6PD values. Female values were presented as a continuum preventing accurate classification but were classified based on male phenotype for practical use.
Screening and prevention of neonatal glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency in Guangzhou, China.; We aimed to summarize the results of screening protocol and prevention of neonatal glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency during a 22-year-long period to provide a basis of reference for the screening of this disease. About 1,705,569 newborn subjects in Guangzhou City were screened for this deficiency. Specimens were collected according to the conventional method of specimen acquisition for "newborn dried bloodspot screening", preserved, and inspected. The specimens were studied with fluorescent spot test and quantitative fluorescence assay. Diagnosis was performed using the modified NBTG6PD/6PGD ratio method. Bloodspot filter paper specimens were sent to the laboratory within 24 h via EMS Express, and the G6PD test was performed on the same day. The G6PD deficiency-positive rate was 4.2% in the samples screened using the fluorescent spot test, while it was 5% in case of the quantitative fluorescence assay. Neonatal screening for G6PD deficiency for 11,437 cases (6117 boys and 5320 girls) showed positive results in 481 cases. About 420 cases (318 boys and 102 girls) of G6PD deficiency were confirmed with the modified Duchenne NBT ratio method. The total detection rate was 3.7:5.2% for boys and 1.9% for girls. Quantitative fluorescence assay improved the sensitivity and detection rate. Accelerating the speed of sample delivery by using Internet network systems and ensuring online availability of screening results can aid the screening and diagnosis of this deficiency within 1 week of birth. FAU - Jiang, J
The effect and mechanism of inhibiting glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase activity on the proliferation of Plasmodium falciparum.; We screened >40,000 patients with glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency and found that the G6PD Kaiping allele was under the most positive selection for fighting against malaria in the Chinese population. However, the mechanism is unknown. The current study was designed to investigate the anti-malarial effect and mechanism of G6PD deficiency. Dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) was utilised for inhibiting the G6PD activity of erythrocytes. Giemsa staining of blood smears and quantitative real-time PCR were used for the detection and quantification of Plasmodium falciparum infection. A transmission electron microscope was used to observe the structural changes of P. falciparum. An atomic force microscopy was used for the analyses of morphology, roughness and Young's Modulus of the infective erythrocyte membrane. When G6PD activity was inhibited by DHEA, the infection rate of P. falciparum decreased, its cell nucleus shrank, the cell organelles and metabolites were reduced gradually and the Young's Modulus of the erythrocyte membrane increased with increasing DHEA concentrations. These data indicated that Plasmodium multiplication would be inhibited in G6PD deficient erythrocytes because the Plasmodium organelles could not obtain enough nutrients, including ribose-5-phosphate and the reducing equivalent, NADPH. Moreover, the Young's Modulus of the erythrocyte membrane increased, which resulted in an increased membrane stiffness and decreased deformation. It was difficult for the merozoites to invade erythrocytes through endocytosis. Understanding these points will have a major effect on searching for new anti-malarial drug targets.
On-plate enzyme and inhibition assay of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase using thin-layer chromatography.; We performed on-plate enzyme and inhibition assays of glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenase using thin-layer chromatography. The assays were accomplished based on different retardation factors of the substrates, enzyme, and products. All the necessary steps were integrated on-plate in one developing process, including substrate/enzyme mixing, reaction starting, and quenching as well as product separation. In order to quantitatively measure the enzyme reaction, the developed plate was then densitometrically evaluated to determine the peak area of the product. Rapid and high-throughput assays were achieved by loading different substrate spots and/or enzyme (and inhibition) spots in different tracks on the plate. The on-plate enzyme assay could be finished in a developing time of only 4 min, with good track-to-track and plate-to-plate repeatability. Moreover, we determined the Km values of the enzyme reaction and Ki values of the inhibition (Pb(2+) Cd(2+) and Cu(2+) as inhibitors), as well as the corresponding kinetics using the on-plate assay. Taken together, our method expanded the application of thin-layer chromatography in enzyme assays, and it could be potentially used in research fields for rapid and quantitative measurement of enzyme activity and inhibition.
Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency and diabetes mellitus with severe retinal complications in a Sardinian population, Italy.; BACKGROUND: Glucose-6-Phosphate Dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency is one of the most common human genetic abnormalities, with a high prevalence in Sardinia, Italy. Evidence indicates that G6PD-deficient patients are protected against vascular disease. Little is known about the relationship between G6PD deficiency and diabetes mellitus. The purpose of this study was to compare G6PD deficiency prevalence in Sardinian diabetic men with severe retinal vascular complications and in age-matched non-diabetic controls and ascertain whether G6PD deficiency may offer protection against this vascular disorder. METHODS: Erythrocyte G6PD activity was determined using a quantitative assay in 390 diabetic men with proliferative diabetic retinopathy (PDR) and 390 male non-diabetic controls, both aged ≥50 years. Conditional logistic regression models were used to investigate the association between G6PD deficiency and diabetes with severe retinal complications. RESULTS: G6PD deficiency was found in 21 (5.4 %) diabetic patients and 33 (8.5 %) controls (P=0.09). In a univariate conditional logistic regression model, G6PD deficiency showed a trend for protection against diabetes with PDR, but the odds ratio (OR) fell short of statistical significance (OR=0.6, 95% confidence interval=0.35-1.08, P=0.09). In multivariate conditional logistic regression models, including as covariates G6PD deficiency, plasma glucose, and systemic hypertension or systolic or diastolic blood pressure, G6PD deficiency showed no statistically significant protection against diabetes with PDR. CONCLUSIONS: The prevalence of G6PD deficiency in diabetic men with PDR was lower than in age-matched non-diabetic controls. G6PD deficiency showed a trend for protection against diabetes with PDR, but results were not statistically significant. FAU - Pinna, Antonio
Glucose-6-Phosphate Dehydrogenase Deficiency and Sickle Cell Trait among Prospective Blood Donors: A Cross-Sectional Study in Berekum, Ghana.; Background. Blood transfusion is a therapeutic procedure usually undertaken in patients with severe anaemia. In Ghana, severe anaemia is mostly due to malaria caused by severe Plasmodium falciparum infection, road traffic accidents, and haemoglobinopathy-induced acute haemolysis. Method. This cross-sectional study evaluated coinheritance of sickle cell haemoglobin variant and G6PD enzymopathy among individuals that donated blood at the Holy Trinity Hospital, Berekum, in the Brong-Ahafo Region, Ghana. Demographic data and other pertinent information were captured using questionnaire. Sickle cell haemoglobin variants were determined using cellulose acetate electrophoresis (pH 8.6). Qualitative G6PD status and quantitative G6PD enzyme activity were determined using methaemoglobin reduction and Trinity Biotech G6PD test kit, respectively. Results. Prevalence of sickle cell trait (SCT) and G6PD enzymopathy coinheritance was 7%. In addition, 19.5% of the donors had 10%-60% of normal G6PD enzyme activity suggesting that these donor units are prone to stressor-induced acute haemolysis when given to recipients. Mild G6PD activity (p = 0.03, OR: 2.410 (CI: 1.049-5.534)), commercial (p = 0.020, OR: 5.609 (CI: 1.309-24.035)), and voluntary (p = 0.034, OR: 2.404 (CI: 1.071-5.397)) donors were significantly associated with SCT. Conclusion. Screening for red cell pathologies must be incorporated into existing protocols for populations with high incidence of haemoglobinopathies to protect high-risk recipients. FAU - Adu, Patrick
Prevalence of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency in neonates in Egypt.; BACKGROUND: Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency is an X-linked disorder which causes neonatal jaundice in most cases, and under certain conditions, can cause a spectrum of hemolytic manifestations. OBJECTIVE: To determine the local prevalence of G6PD deficiency in newborns. DESIGN: Cross-sectional. SETTING: University hospital. METHODS: Infants born during 2015 were prospectively screened for G6PD deficiency. Dried blood spot samples on filter paper were collected in collaboration with the central laboratories of the Ministry of Health. Quantitative measurement of G6PD enzyme activity was measured from the blood samples using fluorometric analysis. A value. FAU - Elella, Soheir Abo
Screening for glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency in neonates: a comparison between cord and peripheral blood samples.; BACKGROUND: The use of cord blood in the neonatal screening for glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency is being done with increasing frequency but has yet to be adequately evaluated against the use of peripheral blood sample which is usually employed for confirmation. We sought to determine the incidence and gender distribution of G6PD deficiency, and compare the results of cord against peripheral blood in identifying G6PD DEFICIENCY neonates using quantitative enzyme activity assay. METHODS: We carried out a retrospective and cross-sectional study employing review of primary hospital data of neonates born in a tertiary care center from January to December 2008. RESULTS: Among the 8139 neonates with cord blood G6PD assays, an overall incidence of 2% for G6PD deficiency was computed. 79% of these were males and 21% were females with significantly more deficient males (p < .001). Gender-specific incidence was 3.06% for males and 0.85% for females. A subgroup analysis comparing cord and peripheral blood samples (n = 1253) showed a significantly higher mean G6PD value for peripheral than cord blood (15.12 ± 4.52 U/g and 14.52 ± 4.43 U/g, respectively, p = 0.0008). However, the proportion of G6PD deficient neonates did not significantly differ in the two groups (p = 0.79). Sensitivity of cord blood in screening for G6PD deficiency, using peripheral G6PD assay as a gold standard was 98.6% with a NPV of 99.5%. CONCLUSION: There was no difference between cord and peripheral blood samples in discriminating between G6PD deficient and non-deficient neonates. A significantly higher mean peripheral G6PD assay reinforces the use of cord blood for neonatal screening since it has substantially low false negative results. FAU - AlSaif, Saif
Glucose-6-phosphate-dehydrogenase deficiency and haematopoietic stem cell transplantation in Chinese patients.; Deficiency in glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD), an X-linked recessive red cell enzymopathy, is endemic in Southern Chinese. Universal screening of newborn is done in Hong Kong, Taiwan and Singapore, among other places. In Hong Kong, 4.8% of males are affected and seven common G6PD alleles account for over 99% of all defects. Male hemizygotes suffer from severe deficiency, while female heterozygotes may also be affected. Deficiency of G6PD may affect haematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) recipients and donors, before and after HSCT. Female patients with clonal erythropoiesis (eg myelodysplasia/myeloproliferative diseases) will have the male population incidence of G6PD. Quantitative enzyme level screening is prudent for donors and recipients, and should be repeated after engraftment. Cotrimoxazole prophylaxis should be avoided in known male and female carriers, including those with low-normal G6PD enzyme levels. Our experience suggested that G6PD-deficient marrow, stem cell and cord blood donor units have no engraftment problems. Post-engraftment G6PD levels correlate with those in donors. An acquired change in G6PD status may serve as a surrogate marker for engraftment. For female heterozygote donors with normal G6PD levels, skewing of lyonized X-chromosome ratio during engraftment may result in over-expression of the deficient allele. This can result in unexpected significant G6PD deficiency. Hence, a repeat G6PD screening at stable engraftment is recommended, especially before commencement of oxidative medications. FAU - Au, W Y
Decreased glucose-6-phosphate-dehydrogenase (G6PD) activity and risk of senile cataract in Taiwan.; G6PD deficiency may render afflicted individuals more susceptible to certain degenerative diseases. To clarify the relationship between G6PD deficiency and cataract, blood G6PD activity was determined in patients with cataract in Taiwan. The cases and hospital-based controls were recruited from the medical outpatient department and from the physical checkup department at Chang Gung Memorial Hospital, respectively. A questionnaire survey was used to determine associations between cataracts and their risk factors. G6PD activity in fresh RBC was quantitatively measured and genomic DNA was extracted from lymphocyte nuclei. The mean blood G6PD activity among cataract patients (278.1 U/10[12] RBC) was similar to that of normals (288.0 U/10[12] RBC). No statistically significant difference in the distribution of G6PD activities as grouped by an increment of 100 U/[10, 12] RBC was observed between cataract patients and normal subjects. The predominant forms of G6PD gene mutation (cDNA 1376 G to T and 95 A to G) were both found in the patients with cataract. The adjusted odds ratio for cataract was 1.21 for every decrement of 100 U/10[12] RBC of G6PD activity in these subjects. These data indicate that G6PD activity is not a potential risk factor for senile cataract in Taiwan. FAU - Wan, Gwo-Hwa
Prevalence of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency and diagnostic challenges in 1500 immigrants in Denmark examined for haemoglobinopathies.; Similar to the thalassaemia syndromes, glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency is highly prevalent in areas historically exposed to malaria. In the present study, we used quantitative and molecular methods to determine the prevalence of G6PD deficiency in a population of 1508 immigrants in Denmark. We found the allele frequency to be between 2.4 and 2.9% in the female immigrants. Furthermore, the mutation pattern in the studied population showed a high prevalence of the G6PD A-(202A) variant in African and African-American immigrants, a high prevalence of the G6PD Mediterranean variant in Mediterranean European and Western Asian immigrants, and substantial heterogeneity in the variants found in the Eastern Asian/Pacific immigrants. Inasmuch as many of the patients included in this investigation had various thalassaemic syndromes, we were able to evaluate the effects of the interaction between a low mean corpuscular haemoglobin (MCH) value and G6PD activity, particularly in heterozygous females. The activity level was markedly influenced by the MCH value in females with normal G6PD activity, but not in heterozygous and homozygous females. Comparison of patients with normal G6PD activity and heterozygous females indicated considerable overlap in activity levels. To help separating heterozygous females from females with wild-type genes, a DNA analysis is necessary when the female activity level is between 4.0 and 4.9 U/g hgb corresponding to 50-60% of the median activity of unaffected males. FAU - Warny, Marie
Relationship among glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G-6-PD) activity, G-6-PD variants and reticulocytosis in neonates of northeast Thailand.; BACKGROUND: Misdiagnosis of G-6-PD deficiency in neonates, at risk of severe hemolytic episodes, extreme hyperbilirubinemia, and bilirubin encephalopathy, could possibly occur due to presence of reticulocytes, which contain higher amounts of G-6-PD than mature erythrocytes. G-6-PD mutations in the population might also affect G-6-PD activity. This study evaluated the relationship among G-6-PD activity, G-6-PD variants and reticulocytosis in northeastern Thai neonates. METHODS: Blood samples obtained from routine fluorescence spot test examination for G-6-PD deficiency were analyzed using a quantitative enzymatic assay and for common G-6-PD mutations by restriction fragment length polymorphism (RFLP)-PCR. Correlation between G-6-PD activity and percent reticulocytosis was determined. RESULTS: Among 106G-6-PD-deficient (G-6PD activity<7.0U/g Hb) neonates, no significant association is observed between G-6PD activity and percent reticulocytosis (r=0.125, p-value=0.201), but there is a weak correlation in G-6-PD-normal neonates (r=0.377, p-value=0.014). There is a high frequency of G-6-PD Viangchan in male hemizygous and female heterozygous G-6-PD-deficient and G-6-PD-normal neonates. CONCLUSIONS: A high reticulocytosis does not bias measurements of enzyme activity in G-6-PD-deficient neonates. Also, G-6-PD activity varies among female heterozygous neonates, and G-6-PD mutation analysis provides a reliable method to detect G-6-PD deficiency.
Prevalence and molecular characterization of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency in northern Thailand.; Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency is one of the most common inherited enzymopathies in endemic areas of malaria including Southeast Asia. The molecular features of G6PD deficiency are similar among Southeast Asian population, with differences in the type of the prominent variants in each region. This study determined the prevalence and molecular characteristics of G6PD deficiency in northern Thailand. Quantitative assay of G6PD activity was conducted in 566 neonatal cord blood samples and 6 common G6PD mutations were determined by PCR-restriction fragment length polymorphism method on G6PD complete and intermediate deficiency samples. Ninety newborns had G6PD deficiency, with prevalence in male newborns of 17% and that of female newborns having an intermediate and complete deficiency of 13% and 2%, respectively. From 95 G6PD alleles tested, G6PD Mahidol, G6PD Kaiping, G6PD Canton, G6PD Viangchan, G6PD Union, and G6PD Chinese-5 was detected in 19, 17, 15, 13, 7, and 2 alleles, respectively. Our study shows that the prevalence of G6PD deficiency in northern Thai population is high and combination of the common Chinese mutations is the majority, a distribution different from central and southern Thailand where G6PD Viangchan is the prominent variant. These findings suggest a higher proportion of assimilated Chinese ethnic group in the northern Thai population. FAU - Charoenkwan, Pimlak
Field evaluation of quantitative point of care diagnostics to measure glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase activity.; BACKGROUND: Glucose-6-Phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency is the most common enzymopathy worldwide, no reliable bedside diagnostic tests to quantify G6PD activity exist. This study evaluated two novel quantitative G6PD diagnostics. METHODS: Participants with known G6PD activity were enrolled in Bangladesh. G6PD activity was measured by spectrophotometry, Biosensor (BS; AccessBio/CareStart, USA) and STANDARD G6PD (SG; SDBiosensor, ROK). G6PD activity was measured repeatedly in a subset of samples stored at room temperature and 4°C. RESULTS: 158 participants were enrolled, 152 samples tested by BS, 108 samples by SG and 102 samples were tested by all three methods. In comparison to spectrophotometry BS had sensitivity and specificity of 72% (95%CI: 53-86) and 100% (95%CI: 97-100) at 30% cut off respectively, while SG had a sensitivity of 100% (95%CI: 88-100) and specificity of 97% (95%CI: 91-99) at the same cut off. The sensitivity and specificity at 70% cut off activity were 71% (95%CI: 59-82) and 98% (95%CI, 92-100) respectively for BS and 89% (95%CI: 77-96) and 93% (95%CI: 83-98) respectively for SG. When an optimal cut-off was applied the sensitivity of the BS at 70 cut off rose to 91% [95%CI: 80-96] and specificity to 82% [95%CI: 83-89]; a diagnostic accuracy comparable to that of the SG (p = 0.879). G6PD activity dropped significantly (-0.31U/gHb, 95%CI: -0.61 to -0.01, p = 0.022) within 24 hours in samples stored at room temperature, but did not fall below 90% of baseline activity until day 13 (-0.87U/gHb, 95%CI: (-1.11 to -0.62), p<0.001). CONCLUSION: BS and SG are the first quantitative diagnostics to measure G6PD activity reliably at the bedside and represent suitable alternatives to spectrophotometry in resource poor settings. If samples are stored at 4°C, G6PD activity can be measured reliably for at least 7 days after sample collection. FAU - Alam, Mohammad Shafiul
Molecular Characterization of Glucose-6-phosphate Dehydrogenase Deficiency in Families from the Republic of Macedonia and Genotype-phenotype Correlation.; INTRODUCTION: Glucose-6-phospahte dehydrogenase deficiency (G6PD) is one of the most common inherited disorders affecting around 400 million people worldwide. Molecular analysis of the G6PD gene identified more than 140 distinct mutations, the majority being single base missense mutations. G6PD Mediterranean is the most common variant found in populations of the Mediterranean area. AIM: The aim of our study was to perform molecular characterization of G6PD deficiency in families from the Republic of Macedonia and correlate the findings to disease phenotype. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Six patients and seven other family members were selected for genetic characterization, the selection procedure involved clinical evaluation and G6PD quantitative testing. All patients were first screened for the Mediterranean mutation, and subsequently for the Seattle mutation. Mutations were detected using PCR amplification and appropriate restriction endonuclease cleavage. RESULTS: Four hemizygote and 3 heterozygous carriers for G6PD Mediterranean were detected. All G6PD deficient patients from this group showed clinical picture of hemolysis, and in 66.6% neonatal jaundice was confirmed based on history data. To our knowledge, this is the first study concerned with molecular aspects of the G6PD deficiency in R. Macedonia. CONCLUSION: This study represents a step towards a more comprehensive genetic evaluation in our population and better understanding of the health issues involved. FAU - Cherepnalkovski, Anet Papazovska
G6PD-MutDB: a mutation and phenotype database of glucose-6-phosphate (G6PD) deficiency.; Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency is the most common hereditary enzymatic disorder of red blood cells in humans due to mutations in the G6PD gene. The G6PD enzyme catalyzes the first step in the pentose phosphate pathway to protect cells against oxidative stress. Mutations in the G6PD gene will cause functional variants with various biochemical and clinical phenotypes. So far, about 160 mutations along with more than 400 biochemical variants have been described. G6PD-MutDB is a disease-specific resource of G6PD deficiency, collecting and integrating G6PD mutations with biochemical and clinical phenotypes. Data of G6PD deficiency is manually extracted from published papers, focusing primarily on variants with identified mutation and well-described quantitative phenotypes. G6PD-MutDB implements an approach, CNSHA predictor, to help identify a potential chronic non-spherocytic hemolytic anemia (CNSHA) phenotype of an unknown mutation. G6PD-MutDB is believed to facilitate analysis of relationship between molecular mutation and functional phenotype of G6PD deficiency owing to convenient data resource and useful tools. This database is available from http://202.120.189.88/mutdb. FAU - Zhao, Xin
Evaluation of Glucose-6-Phosphate Dehydrogenase stability in stored blood samples.; Glucose-6-Phosphate Dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency is the commonest cause of neonatal jaundice in Malaysia. Recently, OSMMR2000-D G6PD Assay Kit has been introduced to quantitate the level of G6PD activity in newborns delivered in Universiti Kebangsaan Malaysia Medical Centre (UKMMC). As duration of sample storage prior to analysis is one of the matters of concern, this study was conducted to identify the stability of G6PD enzyme during storage. A total of 188 cord blood samples from normal term newborns delivered at UKMMC were selected for this study. The cord bloods samples were collected in ethylene-diamine-tetra-acetic acid (EDTA) tubes and refrigerated at 2-8 °C. In addition, 32 out of 188 cord blood samples were spotted on chromatography paper, air-dried and stored at room temperature. G6PD enzyme activities were measured daily for 7 days using the OSMMR2000-D G6PD Assay Kit on both the EDTA blood and dried blood samples. The mean value for G6PD activity was compared between days of analysis using Student Paired T-Test. In this study, 172 out of 188 cord blood samples showed normal enzyme levels while 16 had levels corresponding to severe enzyme deficiency. The daily mean G6PD activity for EDTA blood samples of newborns with normal G6PD activity showed a significant drop on the fourth day of storage (p < 0.005) while for samples with severely deficient G6PD activity, significant drop was seen on third day of storage (p = 0.002). Analysis of dried cord blood showed a significant reduction in enzyme activity as early as the second day of storage (p = 0.001). It was also noted that mean G6PD activity for spotted blood samples were lower compared to those in EDTA tubes for all days (p = 0.001). Thus, EDTA blood samples stored at 2-8 °C appeared to have better stability in terms of their G6PD enzyme level as compared to dried blood samples on filter paper, giving a storage time of up to 3 days. FAU - Jalil, Norunaluwar
Glucose 6 phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency unmasked by diabetic ketoacidosis: an underrated phenomenon.; Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency is an X-linked disease responsible for moderate to severe hemolytic anaemia. Despite being the most common erythrocyte enzyme disorder, it is often overlooked in the regular diagnostic parlance. A 40-year-old male patient admitted to the casualty with an acutely exacerbated diabetic ketoacidosis, showed features of hemolytic anaemia on peripheral smear examination. Crucially, the spherocytes and bite cells suggested a possibility of G6PD deficiency. This was substantiated by an increased reticulocyte count (6.8%) and a reduced quantitative G6PD enzyme assay (7.2%). There was no significant family or prior medical/ drug history. Interestingly, the hemolytic features were evidenced when blood glucose levels were returning to normal values. The insulin mediated NADPH loss may have resulted in an increased erythrocyte oxidant sensitivity and a loss of sulfhydryl group availability; causing hemolysis to manifest. G6PD deficiency is conventionally affiliated with drug induced oxidative stress. But an association with a diabetes mellitus is seldom reported. This case is being presented as it highlights the lesser known complication of diabetic crisis such as hemolysis secondary to a G6PD deficiency. FAU - Agarwal, Ayushi
[Neonatal screening for glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency in Mauritania].; INTRODUCTION: We conducted a cross-sectional descriptive study aiming to identify risk factors associated with G6PD deficiency, its frequency and geographic distribution in Nouakchott, in order to provide useful informations to monitor it. As this disease has never previously been studied in Mauritania, we tried to define the epidemiological profile and the burden of morbidity related to G6PD deficiency in a newborn population in two health structures in the city of Nouakchott. METHODS: This study was conducted in two hospitals in Nouakchott, at the Maternity and Infant Hospital and at the Health Center in Sebkha between August and October 2015. A sampling of 523 newborns having different sexes was enrolled in the study. Screening was based on BinaxNow G6PD test, followed by quantitative confirmation in positive patients. Statistical analysis was performed using SPSS20. RESULTS: G6PD deficiency was higher in male newborns (15% vs 7% p = 0.007) and, in particular, in black children (15% vs 8% p = 0.001). The prevalence of G6PD deficiency in the study population was 11.09% (58/523). CONCLUSION: To our knowledge, this is the first study on G6PD deficiency in the Mauritanian population. It provides important informations on the epidemiological features of G6PD deficiency in the region of Nouakchott. A degree of variability exists in the occurrence of G6PD deficiency in the ethnic groups. FAU - Mohamed, Ghaber Sidi
Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency among Yemeni children residing in malaria-endemic areas of Hodeidah governorate and evaluation of a rapid diagnostic test for its detection.; BACKGROUND: Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency, the most common genetic enzymopathy worldwide, is associated with an acute haemolytic anaemia in individuals exposed to primaquine. The present study aimed to determine G6PD deficiency among Yemeni children in malaria-endemic areas as well as to assess the performance of the CareStart™ G6PD rapid diagnostic test (RDT) for its detection. METHODS: A cross-sectional study recruiting 400 children from two rural districts in Hodeidah governorate was conducted. Socio-demographic data and blood samples were collected and G6PD deficiency was qualitatively detected in fresh blood in the field using the CareStart™ G6PD RDT, while the enzymatic assay was used to quantitatively measure enzyme activity. Performance of the CareStart™ G6PD RDT was assessed by calculating its sensitivity, specificity, negative predictive value (NPV), and positive predictive value (PPV) against the reference enzymatic assay. RESULTS: The ranges of enzyme activity were 0.14-18.45 and 0.21-15.94 units/g haemoglobin (U/gHb) for males and females, respectively. However, adjusted male median G6PD activity was 5.0 U/gHb. Considering the adjusted male median as representing 100 % normal enzyme activity, the prevalence rates of G6PD deficiency were 12.0 and 2.3 % at the cut-off activities of ≤60 and ≤10 %, respectively. Multivariable analysis showed that gender, district of residence and consanguinity between parents were independent risk factors for G6PD deficiency at the cut-off activity of ≤30 % of normal. The CareStart™ G6PD RDT showed 100 % sensitivity and NPV for detecting G6PD deficiency at the cut-off activities of ≤10 and ≤20 % of normal activity compared to the reference enzymatic method. However, it showed specificity levels of 90.0 and 95.4 % as well as positive/deficient predictive values (PPVs) of 18.0 and 66.0 % at the cut-off activities of ≤10 and ≤20 %, respectively, compared to the reference method. CONCLUSIONS: G6PD deficiency with enzyme activity of ≤60 % of normal is prevalent among 12.0 % of children residing in malaria-endemic areas of Hodeidah governorate, with 2.3 % having severe G6PD deficiency. Gender, district of residence and consanguinity between parents are significant independent predictors of G6PD deficiency at the cut-off activity of ≤30 % of normal among children in malaria-endemic areas of Hodeidah. The CareStart™ G6PD RDT proved reliable as a point-of-care test to screen for severely G6PD-deficient patients, with 100 % sensitivity and NPV, and it can be used for making clinical decisions prior to the administration of primaquine in malaria elimination strategies. FAU - Abdul-Ghani, Rashad
Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency and idiopathic presenile cataract in Dalmatia, Croatia.; BACKGROUND: Impaired activity of the enzyme glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) has been suggested as a risk factor in cataractogenesis. The aim of this study was to determine the G6PD activity level in 89 male subjects of Dalmatian origin with idiopathic presenile cataracts. METHODS: G6PD activity was determined by a quantitative spectrophotometric method. RESULTS: Of 89 males with presenile cataracts only one (1.1%) had G6PD deficiency. The G6PD deficiency prevalence rate among males with presenile cataracts is not significantly different (p > 0.05) from the prevalence of G6PD deficiency in the general population of Dalmatia (0.75% among men). INTERPRETATION: The results of this study suggest that G6PD deficiency does not represent a pathogenetic factor in presenile cataract, at least not in the population of the southern part of Croatia. FAU - Zanchi, Jaksa
Decreased erythrocyte nucleoside transport and hENT1 transporter expression in glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency.; BACKGROUND: Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency is associated with erythrocyte sensitivity to oxidative damage and hemolytic crises. In β-thalassemia major, where hemoglobin instability imposes oxidative stress, erythrocytes show reduced hENT1 nucleoside transporter expression and decreased nucleoside uptake. This study investigated hENT1 expression and nucleoside transport in G6PD-deficient erythrocytes to determine if decreased hENT1 activity might be a contributory feature in the variable pathology of this enzymopathy. METHODS: Uptake of (3)H-uridine was measured at room temperature using an inhibitor-oil stop protocol and 5-s incubations. Erythrocyte membranes were analyzed by SDS-PAGE and nucleoside (hENT1), glucose (GLUT-1), and anion exchange (Band 3) transporter polypeptides quantitated on immunoblots. RESULTS: In G6PD-deficient cells, uridine uptake (mean 8.18, 95 % CI 5.6-10.7 vs controls mean 12.35, 95 % CI 9.2-15.5, pmol uridine/gHb/min; P = 0.031) and expression of hENT1 (mean 50.4 %, 95 % CI 38.1-62.7 %, arbitrary units n = 11 vs controls mean 95.23 %, 95 % CI 88.38-102.1 % arbitrary units, n = 8; P < 0.001) were significantly lower; expression of GLUT-1 (mean 106.9 %, vs control mean 99.75 %; P = 0.308) and Band 3 polypeptides (mean 100.1 %, vs control mean 102.84 %; P = 0.329) were unchanged. CONCLUSIONS: Nucleoside transporter activity in human erythrocytes sustains intracellular purine nucleotide levels and assists in control of plasma adenosine levels; decreased hENT1 expression and activity in G6PD-deficiency could affect red metabolism and influence a wide spectrum of responses mediated by adenosine receptors. FAU - Al-Ansari, Mohammad
Real-time monitoring of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase activity using liquid droplet arrays and its application to human plasma samples.; Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) regulates nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate (NADPH) levels and is related to the pathogenesis of various diseases, including G6PD deficiency, type 2 diabetes, aldosterone-induced endothelial dysfunction, and cancer. Therefore, a highly sensitive array-based assay for determining quantitative G6PD activity is required. Here, we developed an on-chip G6PD activity assay using liquid droplet fluorescence arrays. Quantitative G6PD activity was determined by calculating reduced resorufin concentrations in liquid droplets. The limit of detection (LOD) of this assay was 0.162 mU/ml (2.89 pM), which is much more sensitive than previous assays. We used our activity assay to determine kinetic parameters, including Michaelis-Menten constants (Km) and maximum rates of enzymatic reaction (Vmax) for NADP(+) and G6P, and half-maximal inhibitory concentrations (IC50). We successfully applied this new assay to determine G6PD activity in human plasma from normal healthy individuals (n=30) and patients with inflammation (n=30). The inflammatory group showed much higher G6PD activities than did the normal group (p<0.001), with a high area under the curve value of 0.939. Therefore, this new activity assay has the potential to be used for diagnosis of G6PD-associated diseases and utilizing kinetic studies.
Newborn screening for glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency in Isfahan, Iran: a quantitative assay.; OBJECTIVES: To determine the prevalence of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency in Isfahan, the central state of Iran. METHODS: From February to March 2006, a total of 2501 samples were screened for the quantitative measurement of G6PD activity by enzymatic colorimetric assay by a commercial kit (GAMMA, Belgium). The neonates were referred from 17 delivery units to the Isfahan neonatal screening center at 3-7 days after birth. Any neonate with a value < 6.4 U/gHb was considered G6PD deficient. RESULTS: Of the 2501 newborns (1307 males, 1194 females) screened, 79 neonates were found to have G6PD deficiency (67 males, 12 females). The overall incidence of G6PD deficiency was 3.2%. Frequency in male population was 5.1 % (67 out of 1307 male neonates) and in female population was 1% (12 out of 1194 female neonates).The female:male ratio was 1:5.5 (P = 0.0001). The mean enzyme activity in deficient patients was 3.22 +/- 1.8 U/gHb (male deficient group; 3.17 +/- 1.74 U/gHb, female deficient group; 3.49 +/- 2.17 U/gHb, P = 0.58). CONCLUSION: Routine neonatal screening in Isfahan, Iran with a relatively high prevalence of G6PD deficiency is justified and meets the World Health Organization recommendation. FAU - Iranpour, Ramin
Performance of the CareStart glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) rapid diagnostic test in Gressier, Haiti.; Administering primaquine (PQ) to treat malaria patients with glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency can pose a serious risk of drug-induced hemolysis (DIH). New easy to use point-of-care rapid diagnostic tests are being developed as an alternative to labor-intensive spectrophotometric methods, but they require field testing before they can be used at scale. This study screened 456 participants in Gressier, Haiti using the Access Bio CareStart qualitative G6PD rapid detection test compared with the laboratory-based Trinity Biotech quantitative spectrophotometric assay. Findings suggest that the CareStart test was 90% sensitive for detecting individuals with severe deficiency and 84.8% sensitive for detecting individuals with moderate and severe deficiency compared with the Trinity Biotech assay. A high negative predictive value of 98.2% indicates excellent performance in determining those patients able to take PQ safely. The CareStart G6PD test holds much value for screening malaria patients to determine eligibility for PQ therapy.
Study of Glucose-6-Phosphate Dehydrogenase Deficiency: 5 Years Retrospective Egyptian Study.; BACKGROUND: Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency is the most common enzyme deficiency worldwide that causes a spectrum of diseases including neonatal hyperbilirubinemia, acute and chronic hemolysis after exposure to oxidative stress. AIM OF THE WORK: This five years retrospective study was carried out to study the demographic, clinical and laboratory data of 1000 patients with G6PD deficiency anemia registered in Hematology Unit, Pediatric Department, Tanta University Hospital. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Data were collected from patient's files, from November 2011 to November 2016, using the pre-designed questionnaires to obtain the complete history, clinical presentation and laboratory investigations including the complete blood count, red blood cells morphology, liver and renal functions and quantitative assay of G6PD enzyme activity by spectrophotometric method. RESULTS: Males were more commonly affected than females (932 males versus 68 females). The highest prevalence of hemolytic crisis in G6PD deficiency patients was found within the age group of 1-3 years (920 patients; 92%) with mean age of the first presentation of 22.8±15.54 months. Patients presented mainly with pallor (1000 patients; 100%), dark red urine (896 patients; 89.6%) and jaundice (878 patients; 87.8%) after 24-72 hours of exposure to the precipitating factors (mean: 36±17.73 hours). Diets were the most common precipitating factor of hemolysis in patients with G6PD deficiency (834 patients; 83.4% of studied cases) especially fava beans (326 patients; 32.6%) and falafel (194 patients; 19.4%) which were the most common precipitating food products causing hemolysis followed by chick pea (108 patients; 10.8%), broad bean (76 patients; 7.6%), green pea (44 patients; 4.4%), pea nuts (38 patients; 3.8%), lentil (28 patients; 2.8%), and lastly black eyed peas (20 patients; 2 %). Infections were the 2nd most common cause of hemolysis (124 patients; 12.4%) including pneumonia (34 patients; 3.4%), tonsillitis (32 patients; 3.2%), typhoid fever (28 patients; 2.8%), hepatitis A (18 patients; 1.8%) and urinary tract infection (12 patients; 1.2%). Drugs were the least common cause of hemolysis (42 patients; 4.2%) including diclofenac sodium (24 patients; 2.4%), ibuprofen (8 patients; 0.8%), acetylsalicylic acid (4 patients; 0.4%), co-trimoxazole (4 patients; 0.4%) and nitrofurantion (2 patients; 0.2%). There was normocytic normochromic anemia with reticulocytosis and Heinz bodies in pre-transfusion complete blood picture in all studied cases. G6PD assay show marked decrease in enzyme level at time of presentation in all cases with the commonest G6PD enzyme level of 3-4 U/gm Hb (592 patients; 59.2%). CONCLUSION AND RECOMMENDATIONS: G6PD deficiency anemia presented mainly with pallor, dark red urine and jaundice after exposure to certain diets, drugs and diseases and therefore patients with G6PD deficiency should avoid exposure to these precipitating factors of hemolysis. We can also recommend large neonatal screening programs to detect cases of G6PD deficiency before the occurrence of acute hemolysis and molecular studies to detect G6PD enzyme variant in Egypt.
Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency and senile cataract in a Sardinian male population, Italy.; PURPOSE: There is still no general agreement on the role of G6PD deficiency in the pathogenesis of cataract. The purpose of this study was to determine the prevalence of G6PD deficiency in men with senile cataract from Northern Sardinia, Italy, and to compare it with the prevalence rate of G6PD deficiency in the general population of the same area. METHODS: G6PD activity was determined by using a quantitative method. G6PD blood levels were measured in 1,620 men with cataract. The control group consisted of 1,646 apparently healthy male subjects from the same area. All patients were of Sardinian origin. The Z or Student's t test was used, when appropriate, to determine differences between groups. The odds ratio (OR) with 95% confidence interval was used to evaluate the association between age-related cataract and G6PD deficiency. RESULTS: G6PD deficiency was found in 133 (8.2%) out of 1,620 patients with cataract and in 120 (7%) out of 1,646 control subjects. Differences in G6PD prevalence between cataract patients and controls were not statistically significant (P=0.64). There was no age-related statistical difference between G6PD deficient and normal patients with cataract. No statistically significant association between age-related cataract and G6PD deficiency was found (OR=1.14; 95% confidence interval: 0.88-1.47). CONCLUSIONS: The results of this large study suggest that male patients with G6PD deficiency in the Sardinian population do not have a higher risk of developing presenile cataract. G6PD deficiency does not represent a pathogenetic factor for early cataract formation, at least not in the Northern part of Sardinia. FAU - Pinna, Antonio
Glucose-6-Phosphate Dehydrogenase Deficiency in Brazilian Children With Sickle Cell Anemia is not Associated With Clinical Ischemic Stroke or High-Risk Transcranial Doppler.; BACKGROUND: Stroke is a severe complication of sickle cell anemia (SCA). The role of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency in the development of stroke in children with SCA is controversial. PROCEDURE: The aim of this study was to investigate the association of clinical ischemic stroke, high-risk transcranial Doppler measurements (TCD), and hematological features with molecular variants usually linked to G6PD deficiency or with the biochemical activity of G6PD in a cohort of 395 Brazilian children with SCA. G6PD activity was quantitatively determined using an enzymatic-colorimetric assay. G6PD mutations were determined by PCR-RFLP and sequencing. Clinical and hematological data were retrieved from the children's records. RESULTS: The prevalence of molecularly defined deficiency (hereafter, molecular deficiency) was 4.3% (95% confidence interval: 2.3-6.3%). The mean G6PD activity was 16.88 U/g hemoglobin (Hb) (standard error of the mean [SEM] 0.28) in the group without G6PD molecular deficiency and 8.43 (SEM 1.01) U/g Hb in the group with G6PD A(-) molecular deficiency. G6PD molecular deficiency was not associated with any hematological features. No effects of G6PD molecular deficiency on clinical ischemic stroke or high-risk TCD were detected. The mean G6PD activity was similar in children who had clinical ischemic stroke and in those without stroke. Similar results were obtained in analyses comparing children who had high-risk TCD and those without high-risk TCD. CONCLUSIONS: Our study demonstrated that G6PD molecular deficiency was not associated either with clinical ischemic stroke or high-risk TCD. Similarly, we found no associations between G6PD enzyme activity and stroke or high-risk TCD. Small sample size precludes definitive conclusions.
Molecular Analysis of Glucose-6-Phosphate Dehydrogenase Gene Mutations in Bangladeshi Individuals.; Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency is a common X-linked human enzyme defect of red blood cells (RBCs). Individuals with this gene defect appear normal until exposed to oxidative stress which induces hemolysis. Consumption of certain foods such as fava beans, legumes; infection with bacteria or virus; and use of certain drugs such as primaquine, sulfa drugs etc. may result in lysis of RBCs in G6PD deficient individuals. The genetic defect that causes G6PD deficiency has been identified mostly as single base missense mutations. One hundred and sixty G6PD gene mutations, which lead to amino acid substitutions, have been described worldwide. The purpose of this study was to detect G6PD gene mutations in hospital-based settings in the local population of Dhaka city, Bangladesh. Qualitative fluorescent spot test and quantitative enzyme activity measurement using RANDOX G6PDH kit were performed for analysis of blood specimens and detection of G6PD-deficient participants. For G6PD-deficient samples, PCR was done with six sets of primers specific for G6PD gene. Automated Sanger sequencing of the PCR products was performed to identify the mutations in the gene. Based on fluorescence spot test and quantitative enzyme assay followed by G6PD gene sequencing, 12 specimens (11 males and one female) among 121 clinically suspected patient-specimens were found to be deficient, suggesting a frequency of 9.9% G6PD deficiency. Sequencing of the G6PD-deficient samples revealed c.C131G substitution (exon-3: Ala44Gly) in six samples, c.G487A substitution (exon-6:Gly163Ser) in five samples and c.G949A substitution (exon-9: Glu317Lys) of coding sequence in one sample. These mutations either affect NADP binding or disrupt protein structure. From the study it appears that Ala44Gly and Gly163Ser are the most common G6PD mutations in Dhaka, Bangladesh. This is the first study of G6PD mutations in Bangladesh. FAU - Sarker, Suprovath Kumar
Co-inheritance of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency mutations and hemoglobin E in a Kachin population in a malaria-endemic region of Southeast Asia.; Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency and hemoglobin E (HbE, β26 Glu-Lys) are two common red cell disorders in Southeast Asia. G6PD deficiency produces hemolytic anemia, which can be triggered by certain drugs or infections. HbE is asymptomatic or is manifested as microcytic, minimally hemolytic anemia. The association between G6PD deficiency and HbE is little understood. This study aimed to investigate G6PD deficiency and HbE in a Kachin ethnic group in the China-Myanmar border area. G6PD enzyme activity was measured using a quantitative G6PD assay, G6PD variants genotyped by the SNaPshot assay, and an HbE gene mutation identified by an amplification refractory mutation system and subsequently confirmed by using a reverse dot blot hybridization assay from 100 unrelated individuals in the study area. G6PD enzyme activity ranged from 0.4 to 24.7 U/g Hb, and six males had severe G6PD deficiency (<0.12-1.2 U/g Hb), while six males and 12 females had mild G6PD deficiency (>1.2-4.5 U/g Hb). Among the 24 G6PD-deficient subjects, 22 (92%) had the Mahidol 487G>A mutation (12 male hemizygotes, one female homozygote, and nine female heterozygotes), while the G6PD genotypes in two female subjects were unknown. HbE was identified in 39 subjects (20 males and 19 females), including 15 HbEE (seven males and eight females) and 24 HbAE (13 males and 11 females). Twenty-three subjects co-inherited both G6PD deficiency and HbE (22 with HbAE and one with HbEE). Whereas mean Hb levels were not significantly different between the HbA and HbE groups, G6PD-deficient males had significantly lower Hb levels than G6PD-normal males (P < 0.05, t-test). However, it is noteworthy that two G6PD-deficient hemizygous males with HbAE were severely anemic with Hb levels below 50 g/L. This study revealed high prevalence of co-inheritance of G6PD deficiency with HbAE in the Kachin ethnicity, and a potential interaction of the G6PD Mahidol 487G>A and HbAE in males leading to severe anemia. The presence of 6% males with severe G6PD deficiency raised a major concern in the use of primaquine for radical cure of vivax malaria. FAU - Deng, Zeshuai
Screening for glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency in blood donors.; AIM: Our purpose was to determine the frequency of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency in blood donors of Jahrom, Iran. METHODS: Blood samples were obtained from the 706 blood donors who referred to Jahrom Blood Transfusion Organization between June and September 2008. Enzyme assays were performed three times, on day 1 (day of blood sampling), 7 and 45 days after blood storage. G6PD activity was measured using a quantitative assay. RESULTS: A total of 706 samples were examined. 97.7% males and 2.3% females, mean age 32.6 years (18-64 years). Based on enzyme activity less than 1.62 IU/g hemoglobin (Hb), prevalence of G6PD deficiency in three separate measurements was 16.3, 19.1 and 33.3% respectively. Four percent of donor had an enzyme level of zero on day 1 which increased to 7.4 and 10.7% on the seventh and the forty-fifth days. CONCLUSION: The results of this study support the screening for G6PD as part of the routine workup of blood donors in areas with a high prevalence of G6PD deficiency. FAU - Emamghorashi, Fatemeh
Prevalence and molecular characterization of Glucose-6-Phosphate dehydrogenase deficient variants among the Kurdish population of Northern Iraq.; BACKGROUND: Glucose-6-Phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) is a key enzyme of the pentose monophosphate pathway, and its deficiency is the most common inherited enzymopathy worldwide. G6PD deficiency is common among Iraqis, including those of the Kurdish ethnic group, however no study of significance has ever addressed the molecular basis of this disorder in this population. The aim of this study is to determine the prevalence of this enzymopathy and its molecular basis among Iraqi Kurds. METHODS: A total of 580 healthy male Kurdish Iraqis randomly selected from a main regional premarital screening center in Northern Iraq were screened for G6PD deficiency using methemoglobin reduction test. The results were confirmed by quantitative enzyme assay for the cases that showed G6PD deficiency. DNA analysis was performed on 115 G6PD deficient subjects, 50 from the premarital screening group and 65 unrelated Kurdish male patients with documented acute hemolytic episodes due to G6PD deficiency. Analysis was performed using polymerase chain reaction/restriction fragment length polymorphism for five deficient molecular variants, namely G6PD Mediterranean (563 C-->T), G6PD Chatham (1003 G-->A), G6PD A- (202 G-->A), G6PD Aures (143 T-->C) and G6PD Cosenza (1376 G-->C), as well as the silent 1311 (C-->T) mutation. RESULTS: Among 580 random Iraqi male Kurds, 63 (10.9%) had documented G6PD deficiency. Molecular studies performed on a total of 115 G6PD deficient males revealed that 101 (87.8%) had the G6PD Mediterranean variant and 10 (8.7%) had the G6PD Chatham variant. No cases of G6PD A-, G6PD Aures or G6PD Cosenza were identified, leaving 4 cases (3.5%) uncharacterized. Further molecular screening revealed that the silent mutation 1311 was present in 93/95 of the Mediterranean and 1/10 of the Chatham cases. CONCLUSIONS: The current study revealed a high prevalence of G6PD deficiency among Iraqi Kurdish population of Northern Iraq with most cases being due to the G6PD Mediterranean and Chatham variants. These results are similar to those reported from neighboring Iran and Turkey and to lesser extent other Mediterranean countries. FAU - Al-Allawi, Nasir
Point-of-Care Testing for G6PD Deficiency: Opportunities for Screening.; Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency, an X-linked genetic disorder, is associated with increased risk of jaundice and kernicterus at birth. G6PD deficiency can manifest later in life as severe hemolysis, when the individual is exposed to oxidative agents that range from foods such as fava beans, to diseases such as typhoid, to medications such as dapsone, to the curative drugs for Plasmodium (P.) vivax malaria, primaquine and tafenoquine. While routine testing at birth for G6PD deficiency is recommended by the World Health Organization for populations with greater than 5% prevalence of G6PD deficiency and to inform P. vivax case management using primaquine, testing coverage is extremely low. Test coverage is low due to the need to prioritize newborn interventions and the complexity of currently available G6PD tests, especially those used to inform malaria case management. More affordable, accurate, point-of-care (POC) tests for G6PD deficiency are emerging that create an opportunity to extend testing to populations that do not have access to high throughput screening services. Some of these tests are quantitative, which provides an opportunity to address the gender disparity created by the currently available POC qualitative tests that misclassify females with intermediate G6PD activity as normal. In populations where the epidemiology for G6PD deficiency and P. vivax overlap, screening for G6PD deficiency at birth to inform care of the newborn can also be used to inform malaria case management over their lifetime.
Evaluation of the phenotypic test and genetic analysis in the detection of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency.; BACKGROUND: Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency is particularly prevalent in historically malaria-endemic countries. Although most individuals with G6PD deficiency are asymptomatic, deficiency can result in acute haemolytic anaemia after exposure to oxidative agents. A reliable test is necessary for diagnosing the deficiency to prevent an acute haemolytic crisis following, for example, anti-malarial treatment. The aim of this study was to investigate which method was the best predictor of this disorder. METHODS: The present study investigated four G6PD activity detections (fluorescence spot (FS), methaemoglobin reduction (MR), biochemical and cytochemical test). These methods accompanied with mutation analysis of blood samples were taken from 295 apparently healthy individuals with unknown G6PD deficiency status. RESULTS: Molecular characterization of 295 Thai adults revealed an overall prevalence of 14.2%. The G6PD Viangchan (871 G>A) was the most common (83.3%), followed by G6PD Mahidol (487G>A) (11.9%), and G6PD Union (1360 C>T) (4.8%). There were two cases of G6PD deficiency carrying the double mutations of Viangchan (871G > A)-Mahidol (487G > A) and Viangchan (871G > A)-Union (1360C > T). In comparison, the prevalence of G6PD deficiency was 6.1% by FS test and 7.1% by MR test. G6PD activity was 11 ± 2.5 IU/gHb in non-deficient females (mean ± SD), and 10.9 ± 0.6 IU/gHb in non-deficient males. The upper and lower limit cut-off points for partial and severe deficiency in adults were 5.7 IU/gHb (60% of the normal mean) and 0.95 IU/gHb (10% of the normal mean), respectively. All hemizygote, homozygote and double mutations were associated with severe enzyme deficiency (the residual enzyme activity <10% of the normal mean), whereas only 14.3% of the heterozygote mutations showed severe enzyme deficiency. Based on the cut-off value <5.7 IU/gHb, the quantitative G6PD assay diagnosed 83% of cases as G6PD-deficient. Using a cut-off number of negative cell >20% in the cytochemical assay to define G6PD deficiency, the prevalence of G6PD deficiency was closest to the molecular analysis (12.9% G6PD-deficient) compared to the others methods. CONCLUSION: The cytochemical method is a significant predictor of this disease, while FS and MR test are recommended for the detection of severe G6PD deficiency in developing countries. FAU - Nantakomol, Duangdao
Effect of age, period and birth-cohort on the frequency of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency in Sardinian adults.; BACKGROUND: Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency is an inherited disorder common in Sardinia. In this study, the frequency variation of G6PD-deficiency across age groups and birth cohorts was investigated using Age-Period-Cohort analysis. METHODS: Data were collected from the clinical records of 11,252 patients (6975 women, age range 17-94 years) who underwent endoscopy between 2000 and 2016 at a teaching hospital (University of Sassari), Italy. G6PD status was assessed by enzymatic assay based on G6PD/6GPD ratio. A Poisson log-linear regression model was used to identify age and time trend in G6PD deficiency. RESULTS: Enzyme deficiency was detected in 11.4% of the entire cohort (men: 7.9%; women: 13.6%). Age-Period-Cohort analysis showed no inflection points across age groups, especially after age 80. The effects of time period and birth cohorts on G6PD deficiency were negligible (frequencies before and after 1950 were 11.0% and 11.8%, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: These findings indicate that the frequency of G6PD deficiency does not vary significantly in oldest subjects. The lack of evidence for selection across the malaria eradication time may be explained by other factors, including somatic cell selection or misclassification of heterozygotes women as G6PD normal in the older birth cohorts. Additional molecular studies may help clarify these issues. Key message The frequency of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency is stable across age groups and does not vary in generations born before or after malaria eradication. FAU - Pes, Giovanni Mario
Decreased glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase activity along with oxidative stress affects visual contrast sensitivity in alcoholics.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate oxidative stress and glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) status of alcoholics and discern their association, if any, with visual contrast sensitivity function. METHODS: Forty male alcoholic subjects and 36 male non-alcoholic subjects with the same age and nutritional status were enrolled in this study. Serum malondialdehyde (MDA) level and glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) activity of erythrocytes were determined by spectrophotometric assay. Contrast sensitivity (CS) function of study subjects was measured using the Rabin Contrast Sensitivity Test (Precision Vision(®), La Salle, Illinois, United States). RESULTS: Serum MDA levels were significantly higher (p < 0.0001) and erythrocyte G6PD activity was significantly lower (p = 0.0026) in alcoholic subjects compared to the controls. CS scores of both eyes were also found to be decreased significantly in alcoholic subjects (both at p < 0.0001) compared to control subjects. On the other hand, CS scores of the alcoholic subjects were inversely correlated with the serum MDA level (r = -0.746, p < 0.0001) and directly correlated with erythrocyte G6PD activity (r = 0.78, p < 0.0001). A strong inverse correlation (r = -0.84, p < 0.0001) was also observed between serum MDA level and erythrocyte G6PD activity of alcoholic subjects. CONCLUSION: Reduced G6PD activity and increased serum MDA level might be the key cause of the early visual abnormalities, such as reduced CS function of the alcoholic subjects.
Single Cell Cytochemistry Illustrated by the Demonstration of Glucose-6-Phosphate Dehydrogenase Deficiency in Erythrocytes.; Cytochemistry is the discipline that is applied to visualize specific molecules in individual cells and has become an essential tool in life sciences. Immunocytochemistry was developed in the sixties of last century and is the most frequently used cytochemical application. However, metabolic mapping is the oldest cytochemical approach to localize activity of specific enzymes, but in the last decades of the previous century and the first decade of the present century it almost became obsolete. The popularity of this approach revived in the past few years. Metabolism gained interest as player in chronic and complex diseases such as cancer, diabetes, neurodegenerative diseases, and vascular diseases and both enzyme cytochemistry and metabolic mapping have become important tools in life sciences.In this chapter, we present glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency, the most prevalent enzyme deficiency worldwide, to illustrate recent developments in enzyme cytochemistry or metabolic mapping. The first assays which were developed quantified enzyme activity but were unreliable for single cell evaluation. The field has expanded with the development of cytochemical single cell assays and DNA testing. Still, all assays-from the earliest developed tests up to the most recently developed tests-have their place in investigations on G6PD activity. Recently, nanoscopy has become available for light and fluorescence microscopy at the nanoscale. For nanoscopy, cytochemistry is an essential tool to visualize intracellular molecular processes. The ultimate goal in the coming years will be nanoscopy of living cells so that the molecular dynamics can be studied. Cytochemistry will undoubtedly play a critical role in these developments. FAU - Peters, Anna L
Prevalence of beta-thalassemia trait and glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency in Iranian Jews.; BACKGROUND: beta-thalassemia is the most common inherited single gene disorder worldwide, and glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency is the most common human enzyme deficiency. The goal of this study was to compare the frequency of beta-thalassemia trait and G6PD among the Moslem and Jewish populations in Shiraz, southern Iran. METHODS: We examined 201 Moslems and 187 Jewish subjects who were selected by random sampling. For diagnosis of thalassemia, complete blood count and hemoglobin electrophoresis were carried out and for G6PD deficiency, fluorescent spot test methods were used as a screening test. RESULTS: Among Moslem subjects, 14 cases (7.0%) were diagnosed as carriers of beta-thalassemia minor, whereas no carriers were detected among Jewish subjects. Seven Moslems (7%) and eight Jewish subjects (7.5%) were found to have G6PD deficiency. Among both groups the most common mutation was the Mediterranean type (563 C>T). In one Moslem subject, the detected mutation was 1003 (G>A) and in two Jewish subjects the mutations were 1376 (G>T) and G6PD A-. CONCLUSIONS: Whereas the frequency of beta-thalassemia minor among Moslems is higher than in the Jews in Shiraz, the frequency of G6PD deficiency was not significantly different in the two populations. These findings suggest that obligatory premarital beta-thalassemia screening for Jews in the community is not necessary, whereas neonatal screening for G6PD could be useful for both Jews and Moslems. FAU - Karimi, Mehran
Prevalence of erythrocyte glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency in the population of western Turkey.; BACKGROUND: Newborn G6PD deficiency screening has been recognized as an essential component of public health care in most developed and some Mediterranean countries. However, such screening is yet to be widely embraced in Turkey. The aim of the present study was to determine the normal values of G6PD and deficiency prevalence of this enzyme in different age groups of people living in the western region of Turkey and accordingly inform and educate about favism to those asymptomatic carriers who usually are not aware of their G6PD deficient status. METHODS: A total of 1421 clinically healthy individuals without evidence of leukocytosis or thrombocytosis were included in the study. Activity of G6PD was quantitatively measured. RESULTS: Normal mean values of G6PD in healthy males were 8.94 +/- 8.65 IU/g Hb (or 231.73 +/- 43.16 IU/10(12) RBC), in females were 9.16 +/- 3.78 IU/g Hb (or 219.9 +/- 43.1 IU/10(12) RBC). The frequencies of severe and mild G6PD deficiencies were 0.44% and 6.07% in females, respectively, whereas in males it was 7.24%. Overall frequency of the G6PD-deficient phenotype was detected as 6.9%. CONCLUSIONS: There is no significant statistical difference of G6PD activity between males and females, although frequency of the G6PD-deficient phenotype is relatively high in western Turkey. The results emphasize a need for screening for G6PD deficiency before prescribing anti-malarial therapy with drugs like primaquine to patients in this region of Turkey known for its prevalence of malaria. FAU - Turan, Yusuf
Primaquine-induced haemolysis in females heterozygous for G6PD deficiency.; Oxidative agents can cause acute haemolytic anaemia in persons with G6PD deficiency. Understanding the relationship between G6PD genotype and the phenotypic expression of the enzyme deficiency is necessary so that severe haemolysis can be avoided. The patterns of oxidative haemolysis have been well described in G6PD deficient hemizygous males and homozygous females; and haemolysis in the proportionally more numerous heterozygous females has been documented mainly following consumption of fava beans and more recently dapsone. It has long been known that 8-aminoquinolines, notably primaquine and tafenoquine, cause acute haemolysis in G6PD deficiency. To support wider use of primaquine in Plasmodium vivax elimination, more data are needed on the haemolytic consequences of 8-aminoquinolines in G6PD heterozygous females. Two recent studies (in 2017) have provided precisely such data; and the need has emerged for the development of point of care quantitative testing of G6PD activity. Another priority is exploring alternative 8-aminoquinoline dosing regimens that are practical and improve safety in G6PD deficient individuals. FAU - Chu, Cindy S
Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase and NADPH-consuming enzymes in the rat olfactory bulb.; The resistance to oxidative stress is a multifactorial reaction involving the clustering of transcriptionally regulated genes. Because glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD), the principal enzyme responsible for reducing power, is highly expressed in the olfactory bulb (OB), it is of interest to verify whether other enzymes utilizing NADPH are also highly expressed. The level and localization of G6PD- and NADPH-consuming enzymes, such as NADPH-cytochrome P450 oxidoreductase (P450R), glutathione reductase (GR), and NADPH-diaphorase (NADPH-d), were analyzed in the rat olfactory bulb (OB) by quantitative histochemistry and immunohistochemistry. The highest concentration of G6PD, P450R, and GR was observed in the olfactory nerve layer (ONL), suggesting a correlation in the expression of these enzymes at the gene level. Correlation in staining intensity between G6PD and NADPH-d activities occurred only in part of the ONL, some glomeruli, and scattered periglomerular cells. This peculiar distribution of NADPH-d could reflect a spatial patterning of the nose to bulb projections. Taken together, these results indicate that G6PD expression in the ONL could be related to the importance of generating a substantial supply of NADPH to sustain the detoxifying systems represented by GR and P450R reactions and, only in discrete zones, by NADPH-d activity.
Glucose-6-Phosphate Dehydrogenase Deficiency among Male Blood Donors in Sana'a City, Yemen.; OBJECTIVES: To determine the prevalence of Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G-6-PD) deficiency among Yemeni people from different regions of the country living in the capital city, Sana'a, giving an indication of its overall prevalence in Yemen. METHODS: A cross-sectional study was conducted among Yemeni male blood donors attending the Department of Blood Bank at the National Centre of the Public Health Laboratories in the capital city, Sana'a, Yemen. Fluorescent spot method was used for screening, spectrophotometeric estimation of G-6-PD activity and separation by electrophoresis was done to determine the G-6-PD phenotype. RESULTS: Of the total 508 male blood donors recruited into the study, 36 were G-6-PD deficient, giving a likely G-6-PD deficiency prevalence of 7.1%. None of these deficient donors had history of anemia or jaundice. Thirty-five of these deficient cases (97.2%) showed severe G-6-PD deficiency class II (<10% of normal activity), and their phenotyping presumptively revealed a G-6-PD-Mediterranean variant. CONCLUSION: The results showed a significant presence of G-6-PD deficiency with predominance of a severe G-6-PD deficiency type in these blood donors in Sana'a City, which could represent an important health problem through occurrence of hemolytic anemia under oxidative stress. A larger sample size is needed to determine the overall prevalence of G-6-PD deficiency, and should be extended to include DNA analysis to identify its variants in Yemen. FAU - Al-Nood, Hafiz A
Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase activity, structure, molecular characteristics and role in neonatal hyperbilirubinemia in cord blood in Cukurova region.; The most common causes of neonatal indirect hyperbilirubinemia are blood incompatibility and erythrocyte enzyme defects. Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) is a guarantee of erythrocyte stability and capability of existence of red cells. We present here the results of a study on the effect of enzyme kinetics and different mutations on neonatal hyperbilirubinemia in the Cukurova region. Two hundred healthy term male neonates born in Cukurova University Balcall Hospital, Adana Maternity Hospital and Cukurova Maternal and Children's Hospital between 1 November 2004 and 30 November 2007 were consecutively studied. Nanogen DNA microarray was used to determine Gd Union, Gd San, Gd Mediterranean, and Gd San Antonio mutations. Quantitative G6PD enzyme assays were performed. Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency was detected in six out of 200 male neonates (3%). The other 194 neonates had normal G6PD activity, with a mean of 8.3 +/- 2.1 IU/g hemoglobin (Hb) (5.2-12.7 IU/g Hb). Clinical follow-up, enzyme kinetics and genetic studies were performed in the G6PD-deficient neonates. Differences were observed in clinical outcomes, rates of bilirubin decline and maximum total bilirubin levels in the neonates having the same mutation. These differences might be caused by the effects of kinetic variant on the hyperbilirubinemia without the direct effect of the mutation. In future studies, mutation analyses of further G6PD-deficient cases may address the genotype differences and their clinical effects in G6PD-deficient patients. FAU - Ozlü, Ferda
Methods for the field evaluation of quantitative G6PD diagnostics: a review.; Individuals with glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency are at risk of severe haemolysis following the administration of 8-aminoquinoline compounds. Primaquine is the only widely available 8-aminoquinoline for the radical cure of Plasmodium vivax. Tafenoquine is under development with the potential to simplify treatment regimens, but point-of-care (PoC) tests will be needed to provide quantitative measurement of G6PD activity prior to its administration. There is currently a lack of appropriate G6PD PoC tests, but a number of new tests are in development and are likely to enter the market in the coming years. As these are implemented, they will need to be validated in field studies. This article outlines the technical details for the field evaluation of novel quantitative G6PD diagnostics such as sample handling, reference testing and statistical analysis. Field evaluation is based on the comparison of paired samples, including one sample tested by the new assay at point of care and one sample tested by the gold-standard reference method, UV spectrophotometry in an established laboratory. Samples can be collected as capillary or venous blood; the existing literature suggests that potential differences in capillary or venous blood are unlikely to affect results substantially. The collection and storage of samples is critical to ensure preservation of enzyme activity, it is recommended that samples are stored at 4 °C and testing occurs within 4 days of collection. Test results can be visually presented as scatter plot, Bland-Altman plot, and a histogram of the G6PD activity distribution of the study population. Calculating the adjusted male median allows categorizing results according to G6PD activity to calculate standard performance indicators and to perform receiver operating characteristic (ROC) analysis. FAU - Ley, Benedikt
Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency in nonarteritic anterior ischemic optic neuropathy in a Sardinian population, Italy.; PURPOSE: Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency is one of the most common human genetic abnormalities, with a high prevalence in Sardinia, Italy. Evidence indicates that G6PD-deficient patients are protected against ischemic heart and cerebrovascular disease and retinal vein occlusion. The purpose of this study was to assess the frequency of G6PD deficiency in Sardinian patients with nonarteritic anterior ischemic optic neuropathy (NAION) and ascertain whether G6PD deficiency may offer protection against NAION. METHODS: Erythrocyte G6PD activity was determined by using a quantitative assay in 140 patients with NAION and 280 age- and gender-matched comparison patients. Conditional logistic regression models were used to investigate the association between G6PD deficiency and NAION. RESULTS: G6PD deficiency was found in 7 (5%) patients with NAION and 34 (12.1%) control subjects. Differences between cases and controls were statistically significant (P = 0.02). Conditional logistic regression analysis, including as covariates G6PD deficiency, hypertension, diabetes, and hypercholesterolemia, revealed that G6PD deficiency was significantly associated with decreased risk for NAION (odds ratio [OR] = 0.4, 95% confidence interval [CI] = 0.17-0.94, P = 0.035). Conditional logistic regression analyses, including systolic or diastolic blood pressure and plasma glucose and cholesterol levels confirmed that G6PD deficiency was associated with a decreased risk for NAION, but the ORs were not significant at the 0.05 significance level (P = 0.085 and P = 0.071). Models including gender x G6PD deficiency interaction disclosed that gender was not an effect modifier of G6PD deficiency (P > 0.20). CONCLUSIONS: The frequency of G6PD deficiency in patients with NAION was significantly lower than expected. Results suggest that G6PD-deficient patients in the Sardinian population have a significantly decreased risk of having NAION. FAU - Pinna, Antonio
Erythrocyte Glucose-6-Phosphate Dehydrogenase Level in Type 2 Diabetes Male.; The patient with diabetes mellitus (DM) and its complication is increasing in our country and all over the world. There is also significant increase in the prevalence of erythrocyte glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (eG6PD) deficiency in the men with longer duration of diabetes mellitus. To assess the eG6PD in type 2 diabetes male subjects to observe their enzyme status. This cross-sectional study was conducted in the Department of Physiology, Dhaka Medical College, Dhaka, Bangladesh from January 2011 to December 2011. Sixty male subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus were selected with the age ranging from 40 to 60 years. Out of diabetic subjects, 30 (thirty) were with controlled (B1) and other 30 (thirty) with uncontrolled (B2) type 2 diabetes mellitus were selected from Outpatient Department of BIRDEM Hospital by random basis. And 30 age-matched, healthy non-diabetic male subjects were considered as control group for comparison. Erythrocyte G6PD level was measured by spectrophotometric method. Fasting Blood Glucose (FBG), HbA1c were measured by standard laboratory techniques in the laboratory of BIRDEM and Armed Forces Institute of Pathology (AFIP), Dhaka Cantonment, Dhaka. For statistical analysis unpaired Student's 't' test was performed. The result was expressed as Mean±SD among the groups. In this study, eG6PD level was significantly lower in both the study groups. This study concludes that eG6PD level decreases in male with diabetes mellitus. FAU - Khanam, A
Prevalence of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency in jaundiced Egyptian neonates.; BACKGROUND: The enzyme, Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD), deficiency leads to impaired production of reduced glutathione and predisposes the red cells to be damaged by oxidative metabolites, causing hemolysis. Deficient neonates may manifest clinically as hyperbilirubinemia or even kernicterus. OBJECTIVE: This study was carried out to detect erythrocyte G6PD deficiency in neonatal hyperbilirubinemia. METHODS AND DESIGN: To determine the frequency and effect of G6PD deficiency, this study was conducted on 202 neonates with indirect hyperbilirubinemia. All term and preterm babies up to 13 day of age admitted with clinically evident jaundice were taken for the study. G6PD activity is measured by the UV-Kinetic Method using cellular enzyme determination reagents by spectrophotometry according to manufacturer's instructions. RESULTS: A total of 202 babies were enrolled in this study. Male babies outnumbered the female (71.3% versus 28.7%). Mean age of the study newborns was 3.75 ± 2.5 days. Eighteen neonates (8.9%) had G6PD deficiency, all are males. One case had combined G6PD deficiency and RH incompatibility. Mean serum total bilirubin was 17.2 ± 4.4 in G6PD deficient cases. There was significant positive correlation between the time of appearance of jaundice in days and G6PD levels in G6PD deficient cases. CONCLUSION: Neonatal hyperbilirubinemia is associated with various clinical comorbidities. G6PD deficiency is found to one important cause of neonatal jaundice developing on day 2 onwards. FAU - M Abo El Fotoh, Wafaa Moustafa
Determination of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase cut-off values in a Tunisian population.; BACKGROUND: Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency is the commonest enzymopathy worldwide. The incidence depends essentially on the methods used for the assessment. In this respect, we attempted in this study to set cut-off values of G6PD activity to discriminate among normal, heterozygous, and deficient individuals using the World Health Organization (WHO) classification and the receiver operating characteristics (ROC) curve analysis. METHODS: Blood samples from 250 female and 302 male subjects were enrolled in this study. The G6PD activity was determined using a quantitative assay. The common G6PD mutations in Tunisia were determined using the amplification refractory mutation system (ARMS-PCR) method. The ROC curve was used to choice the best cut-off. RESULTS: Normal G6PD values were 7.69±2.37, 7.86±2.39, and 7.51±2.35 U/g Hb for the entire, male, and female groups, respectively. Cut-off values for the total, male, and female were determined using the WHO classification and ROC curves analysis. In the male population, both cut-offs established using ROC curve analysis (4.00 U/g Hb) and the 60% level (3.82 U/g Hb), respectively are sensitive and specific resulting in a good efficiency of discrimination between deficient and normal males. For the female group the ROC cut-off (5.84 U/g Hb) seems better than the 60% level cut-off (3.88 U/g Hb) to discriminate between normal and heterozygote or homozygote women with higher Youden Index. CONCLUSIONS: The establishment of the normal values for a population is important for a better evaluation of the assay result. The ROC curve analysis is an alternative method to determine the status of patients since it correlates DNA analysis and G6PD activity. FAU - Laouini, Naouel
Red blood cell disorders in Rwandese neonates: screening for sickle cell disease and glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency.; OBJECTIVES: To determine the prevalence of haemoglobin (Hb) variants and glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency in Rwanda. METHODS: During a two-month period in 2005, 987 cord blood samples were obtained in two hospitals in Kigali and Butare, Rwanda. Screening for sickle cell disorders, other Hb disorders, G6PD deficiency and other rare erythroenzymopathy deficiencies was done using isoelectric focusing techniques and quantitative kinetic assays, respectively. RESULTS: The prevalence of Hb S trait was 2.7% and that of G6PD deficiency was 3.8%. No neonate suffered from a sickle cell disease (homozygous for Hb S or compound heterozygous for Hb S), from another clinically significant haemoglobinopathy, or from pyruvate kinase or glucose phosphate isomerase deficiency. CONCLUSIONS: Sickle cell disorders should be considered a public health problem in Kigali and Butare. A systematic neonatal screening programme for those disorders, and to diagnose G6PD deficiency, seems reasonable, but local health priorities must be considered. Adapted management of hereditary sickle cell and G6PD disorders should be available. FAU - Munyanganizi, Rosine
Comparison of Spectrophotometry, Chromate Inhibition, and Cytofluorometry Versus Gene Sequencing for Detection of Heterozygously Glucose-6-Phosphate Dehydrogenase-Deficient Females.; Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency is the most common enzyme deficiency worldwide. Detection of heterozygously deficient females can be difficult as residual activity in G6PD-sufficient red blood cells (RBCs) can mask deficiency. In this study, we compared accuracy of 4 methods for detection of G6PD deficiency in females. Blood samples from females more than 3 months of age were used for spectrophotometric measurement of G6PD activity and for determination of the percentage G6PD-negative RBCs by cytofluorometry. An additional sample from females suspected to have G6PD deficiency based on the spectrophotometric G6PD activity was used for measuring chromate inhibition and sequencing of the G6PD gene. Of 165 included females, 114 were suspected to have heterozygous deficiency. From 75 females, an extra sample was obtained. In this group, mutation analysis detected 27 heterozygously deficient females. The sensitivity of spectrophotometry, cytofluorometry, and chromate inhibition was calculated to be 0.52 (confidence interval [CI]: 0.32-0.71), 0.85 (CI: 0.66-0.96), and 0.96 (CI: 0.71-1.00, respectively, and the specificity was 1.00 (CI: 0.93-1.00), 0.88 (CI: 0.75-0.95), and 0.98 (CI: 0.89-1.00), respectively. Heterozygously G6PD-deficient females with a larger percentage of G6PD-sufficient RBCs are missed by routine methods measuring total G6PD activity. However, the majority of these females can be detected with both chromate inhibition and cytofluorometry. FAU - Peters, Anna L
[Cloning and expression analysis of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase 1 (G6PDH1) gene from Chimonanthus praecox].; Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase is main regulatory enzyme for pentose phosphate pathway. To amplify the core sequence of G6PDH gene from Chimonanthus praecox, the primers were synthesized, based on the conserved nucleotide sequence of other reported plant G6PDH genes. The specific primers were designed according to the major fragment. The full length cDNA of the G6PDH1 gene was isolated by the 3' and 5' rapid amplification of cDNA ends approach. Transcript levels of G6PDH1 isoform was measured by real-time quantitative RT-PCR in different tissues and in responds to cold treatment. The G6PDH1 subcellular localization, transmembrane domain, three-dimensional structure, and phylogenetic analysis were predicted by different software to analysis the bioinformatics of G6PDH1 protein. The G6PDH1 cDNA sequence was 2 011 bp in length and consisted of 1 551 bp Open Reading Frame (ORF) , encoding a protein of 516 amino acids. Expression analysis results in different tissues showed that G6PDH1 was primarily observed in flowers and roots, as opposed to the leaves and stems. Cold treatment experiments indicated that cold treatment caused a rapid increase in G6PDH1 expression in flowers within 12 h. The full-length cDNA of G6PDH1 and its expression analysis will play an important role for further study on cold stress responses in Ch. praecox. FAU - Wang, Xiao-hui
Molecular characterization of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency in Pakistani population.; INTRODUCTION: Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD; E.C. 1.1.1.49) deficiency is the commonest inborn error of metabolism with more than 140 genetic variants. The incidence of G6PD deficiency is 2-9% in Pakistan, but G6PD variants were never studied comprehensively. We therefore designed this study to describe the frequency of G6PD variants and their associated enzyme activities in Pakistan. METHODS: Patients diagnosed with G6PD deficiency were enrolled. RFLP-PCR was utilized to identify common mutations previously reported from Asian countries. Where mutational analysis failed, amplification of 9-12 exons with subsequent gene sequencing was performed. G6PD enzyme activity was assessed through the quantitative enzyme assay. RESULTS: Two hundred and seventy-six G6PD-deficient subjects (237 male and 39 women) were investigated. G6PD Mediterranean (563C-T) was the most common genetic variant (n=216 or 78%). G6PD Chatham (1003A-G) and G6PD Orissa (131C-G) were observed in 14 (5%) and two (0.7%) subjects respectively. A novel mutation 973 G-A with a predicated amino acid change of asp325asn was identified in exon 9. This was named G6PD Karachi after the place of origin of proband. Polymorphism in position 1311C/T was uniformly observed with all variants. Forty-three or 17% of DNA samples remained uncharacterized. Very low levels of G6PD enzyme activity was observed with 563C-T mutation. CONCLUSION: We concluded that 563C-T was the commonest G6PD variant, while 1003A-G and 131C-G were less-frequent genetic variants of G6PD in Pakistani population. A novel genetic variant 973G-A was also identified. Very low levels of G6PD enzyme activity was seen with G6PD 563C-T. Mutational analysis failed in a significant proportion of samples warranting further work.
[Role of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase in hepatitis B virus replication and its possible mechanism of action].; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the role of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) in hepatitis B virus (HBV) replication and its possible mechanism of action. METHODS: Tissue microarray, quantitative real-time PCR, and Western blot were performed to analyze the differences in G6PD expression levels in the HBV-positive and HBV-negative liver tissues, HepG2.2.15 cells, and HepG2 cells. The siRNA transfection technique was used to knock down G6PD gene in HepG2.2.15 cells for 48 hours. Chemiluminescence was used for HBsAg and HBeAg quantification in supernatant, and quantitative real-time PCR was used to measure HBV DNA, type I interferon (IFN), and downstream IFN-stimulated genes. The t-test was used for comparison between groups. RESULTS: G6PD expression was significantly upregulated in the HBV-positive liver tissues and cells compared with HBV-negative liver tissues and cells, and the stain intensity and immunohistochemical scores were 89.69±54.92 and 31.90±18.62, respectively (P < 0.05). After G6PD expression in HepG2.2.15 cells was interfered by siRNA, the quantitative levels of HBV DNA, HBsAg, and HBeAg in supernatant were reduced significantly, and the mRNA expression levels of IFNα1, IFNβ1, and five downstream IFN-stimulated genes (OAS1, ISG15, OAS3, EIF2α, and PKR) increased significantly (all P < 0.05). CONCLUSION: G6PD plays a vital role in HBV replication, and its mechanism of action in regulating HBV replication may be related to type I IFN signaling pathway. FAU - Chen, Z W
Screening for Glucose-6-Phosphate Dehydrogenase Deficiency Using Three Detection Methods: A Cross-Sectional Survey in Southwestern Uganda.; Despite the potential benefit of primaquine in reducing Plasmodium falciparum transmission and radical cure of Plasmodium vivax and Plasmodium ovale infections, concerns over risk of hemolytic toxicity in individuals with glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency (G6PDd) have hampered its deployment. A cross-sectional survey was conducted in 2014 to assess the G6PDd prevalence among 631 children between 6 and 59 months of age in southwestern Uganda, an area where primaquine may be a promising control measure. G6PDd prevalence was determined using three detection methods: a quantitative G6PD enzyme activity assay (Trinity Biotech(®) G-6-PDH kit), a qualitative point-of-care test (CareStart(™) G6PD rapid diagnostic test [RDT]), and molecular detection of the G6PD A- G202A allele. Qualitative tests were compared with the gold standard quantitative assay. G6PDd prevalence was higher by RDT (8.6%) than by quantitative assay (6.8%), using a < 60% activity threshold. The RDT performed optimally at a < 60% threshold and demonstrated high sensitivity (≥ 90%) and negative predictive values (100%) across three activity thresholds (below 60%, 30%, and 40%). G202A allele frequency was 6.4%, 7.9%, and 6.8% among females, males, and overall, respectively. Notably, over half of the G202A homo-/hemizygous children expressed ≥ 60% enzyme activity. Overall, the CareStart(™) G6PD RDT appears to be a viable screening test to accurately identify individuals with enzyme activities below 60%. The low prevalence of G6PDd across all three diagnostic modalities and absence of severe deficiency in our study suggests that there is little barrier to the use of single-dose primaquine in this region.
A new paper-based analytical device for detection of Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency.; Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency is a genetic haemolytic disorder. Most persons with G6PD deficiency are asymptomatic, but exposure to oxidant drugs, such as the anti-malarial drug primaquine, may induce haemolysis, which is commonly found in Asian countries. A reliable test is necessary for diagnosing the deficiency to prevent an acute haemolytic crisis. This study proposes a novel quantitative method to detect G6PD deficiency using paper-based analytical devices (G6PDD-PAD). Wax printing was utilized for fabricating circular reaction zone patterns in paper. The colorimetric assay is based on the formation of formazan via a reduction of tetra-nitro blue tetrazolium (TNBT) by the G6PD enzyme on G6PDD-PAD. Detection was achieved by capturing the colour using a desktop scanner and the colour intensity was analysed with Adobe Photoshop C56. The results showed that the G6PD activity analysed by G6PDD-PAD was highly correlated with the standard biochemical assay (SBA) (r(2)=0.87, p<0.01). Moreover, good agreement by Bland-Altman bias plot was demonstrated between G6PDD-PAD and the SBA (mean bias 1.4 IU/gHb). The detection limit was 0 IU/gHb of G6PD activity. This study demonstrates the feasibility of using G6PDD-PAD. This simple, low-cost test ($0.1/test) should be useful for diagnosing G6PD deficiency in resource-limited settings.
Molecular heterogeneity of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency in Gaza Strip Palestinians.; BACKGROUND: Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency, affecting more than 500 million people worldwide, is one of the most common of inherited disorders. There are 186 G6PD mutations published, with mutational clustering within defined ethnic/racial groups. However comprehensive molecular characterization of ethnically associated G6PD mutants and their clinical implications are lacking. DESIGN AND METHODS: Eighty unrelated Palestinian children hospitalized for hemolysis were studied. G6PD activity was determined by quantitative spectrophotometry and G6PD mutations were analyzed by sequencing of gDNA. RESULTS: 65 of 80 children (81%) had G6PD deficiency, accounting for most of the hemolytic disease in this age group. G6PD Mediterranean(c.563T), African G6PD A-(c.202A/c.376G), and G6PD Cairo(c.404C) were common with relative allele frequencies of 0.33 [1], 0.26, and 0.18 respectively. Two other variants were discovered, G6PD Beverly Hills(c.1160A) mutation, and a novel G6PD missense mutation c.536G>A (Ser179Asn), designated G6PD "Gaza". Three samples exhibited enzyme deficiency without detectable exonic or exon/intron boundary mutations. CONCLUSION: G6PD deficiency accounts for the majority of diagnoses for hemolysis in Palestinian children (81%), providing support for newborn G6PD deficiency screening programs. We report unanticipated molecular heterogeneity of G6PD variants among Gaza Strip Palestinians greater than reported in neighboring Arab populations. We report a high proportion of affected children with G6PD Cairo, which was observed previously in only a single Egyptian, and a novel mutation G6PD "Gaza".
Frequency of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase-deficient red blood cell units in a metropolitan transfusion service.; BACKGROUND: Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency is characterized by red blood cell (RBC) destruction in response to oxidative stress. Although blood donors are not routinely screened for G6PD deficiency, the transfusion of stored G6PD-deficient RBCs may have serious adverse outcomes. By measuring G6PD enzyme activity of RBC units from a large metropolitan hospital transfusion service, we sought to determine 1) the prevalence of G6PD-deficient RBC units, 2) if G6PD activity changes during storage, and 3) if G6PD activity in segments correlates with its activity in the bags. STUDY DESIGN AND METHODS: Quantitative G6PD activity was measured in 301 randomly selected RBC units and 73 D+C-E- (i.e., R r or R R ) RBC units, all stored in additive solutions. G6PD deficiency was defined as activity less than 60% of the normal mean. RESULTS: The frequency of G6PD-deficient units in the general inventory was 0.3% (1/301; 95% confidence interval [CI], <0.01%-2.1%). In contrast, its frequency in D+C-E- RBC units was 12.3% (9/73; 95% CI, 6.4%-22.0%). G6PD activity did not significantly change during the 42-day storage period, and G6PD activity measured in RBC storage bags and attached segments correlated well (r=0.7-0.9, p ≤ 0.001, Spearman rank correlation). CONCLUSIONS: Although the frequency of G6PD-deficient RBC units in the transfusion service general inventory was relatively low, it was significantly higher among a subset of R r or R R units. The latter are preferentially allocated for transfusion to patients with sickle cell disease to decrease the risk of RBC alloimmunization, possibly allowing more of these units to be inadvertently targeted to these patients.
Inherited, non-spherocytic haemolysis due to deficiency of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase.; The about 400 million individuals worldwide suffering from a hereditary deficiency of the enzyme glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) may experience different degrees of haemolytic anaemia. Haemoglobin is present in very high concentrations in the erythrocyte cytoplasm, at risk of falling out of solution if the internal environment or the haemoglobin itself is changed. G6PD is a crucial enzyme producing reduced glutathione in the erythrocyte cytoplasm for the purpose of protecting haemoglobin against oxidative damage. The presence of unopposed oxidizing agents leading to oxidation of the sulfhydryl bridges between parts of the haemoglobin molecule decrease the solubility of haemoglobin, leading to precipitations called Heinz bodies. The laboratory investigation of G6PD deficiency is commonly done by a quantitative spectrophotometric analysis or by a rapid fluorescent spot test detecting the generation of NADPH from NADP. Genetic tests based on polymerase chain reaction detect specific mutations and may be used for population screening, family studies, or prenatal diagnosis. FAU - Ronquist, G
Influence of the Inherited Glucose-6-phosphate Dehydrogenase Deficiency on the Appearance of Neonatal Hyperbilirubinemia in Southern Croatia.; BACKGROUND: Neonatal hyperbilirubinemia is a common clinical manifestation of the inherited glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency. AIM OF THE STUDY: The aim of this study was to investigate the influence of the inherited G6PD deficiency on the appearance of neonatal hyperbilirubinemia in southern Croatia. METHODS: The fluorescent spot test (FST) was used in a retrospective study to screen blood samples of 513 male children who had neonatal hyperbilirubinemia, of unknown cause, higher than 240 μmol/L. Fluorescence readings were performed at the beginning and at the fifth and tenth minute of incubation and were classified into three groups bright fluorescence (BF), weak fluorescence (WF) and no fluorescence (NF). Normal samples show bright fluorescence. All NF and WF samples at the fifth minute were quantitatively measured using the spectrophotometric method. RESULTS: Bright fluorescence was present in 461 patients (89.9%) at the fifth minute. The remaining 52 (10.1%) were quantitatively estimated using the spectrophotometric method. G6PD deficiency was observed in 38 patients (7.4%). CONCLUSIONS: Prevalence rate of G6PD deficiency among male newborns with hyperbilirubinemia in southern Croatia is significantly higher (p < 0.01) compared with the previously reported prevalence rate among male in general population of southern Croatia (0.75%). We recommend FST to be performed in hyperbilirubinemic newborns in southern Croatia. FAU - Cherepnalkovski, Anet Papazovska
Hemolytic Potential of Tafenoquine in Female Volunteers Heterozygous for Glucose-6-Phosphate Dehydrogenase (G6PD) Deficiency (G6PD Mahidol Variant) versus G6PD-Normal Volunteers.; Tafenoquine is an 8-aminoquinoline under investigation for the prevention of relapse in Plasmodium vivax malaria. This open-label, dose-escalation study assessed quantitatively the hemolytic risk with tafenoquine in female healthy volunteers heterozygous for the Mahidol(487A) glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD)-deficient variant versus G6PD-normal females, and with reference to primaquine. Six G6PD-heterozygous subjects (G6PD enzyme activity 40-60% of normal) and six G6PD-normal subjects per treatment group received single-dose tafenoquine (100, 200, or 300 mg) or primaquine (15 mg × 14 days). All participants had pretreatment hemoglobin levels ≥ 12.0 g/dL. Tafenoquine dose escalation stopped when hemoglobin decreased by ≥ 2.5 g/dL (or hematocrit decline ≥ 7.5%) versus pretreatment values in ≥ 3/6 subjects. A dose-response was evident in G6PD-heterozygous subjects (N = 15) receiving tafenoquine for the maximum decrease in hemoglobin versus pretreatment values. Hemoglobin declines were similar for tafenoquine 300 mg (-2.65 to -2.95 g/dL [N = 3]) and primaquine (-1.25 to -3.0 g/dL [N = 5]). Two further cohorts of G6PD-heterozygous subjects with G6PD enzyme levels 61-80% (N = 2) and > 80% (N = 5) of the site median normal received tafenoquine 200 mg; hemolysis was less pronounced at higher G6PD enzyme activities. Tafenoquine hemolytic potential was dose dependent, and hemolysis was greater in G6PD-heterozygous females with lower G6PD enzyme activity levels. Single-dose tafenoquine 300 mg did not appear to increase the severity of hemolysis versus primaquine 15 mg × 14 days. FAU - Rueangweerayut, Ronnatrai
Effects of some drugs on human erythrocyte glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenase: an in vitro study.; Inhibitory effects of some drugs on glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenase from the erythrocytes of human have been investigated. For this purpose, at the beginning, erythrocyte glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenase was purified 2256 times in a yield of 44.22% by using ammonium sulphate precipitation and 2', 5'-ADP Sepharose 4B affinity gel. Temperature of +4°C was maintained during the purification process. Enzyme activity was determined with the Beutler method by using a spectrophotometer at 340 nm. This method was utilized for all kinetic studies. Ketotifen, dacarbazine, thiocolchicoside, meloxicam, methotrexate, furosemide, olanzapine, methylprednizolone acetate, paricalcitol, ritodrine hydrochloride, and gadobenate-dimeglumine were used as drugs. All the drugs indicated the inhibitory effects on the enzyme. Ki constants for glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenase were found by means of Lineweaver-Burk graphs. While methylprednizolone acetate showed competitive inhibition, the others displayed non-competitive inhibition. In addition, IC(50) values of the drugs were determined by plotting Activity% vs [I]. FAU - Akkemik, Ebru
Changes in glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase expression results in altered behavior of HBV-associated liver cancer cells.; Hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) is regarded as a major global health care issue, and chronic hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection is considered to be involved in pathogenesis of HCC. To increase knowledge of HCC pathogenesis, as well as discover potential novel molecules for anti-cancer therapy, mass spectrometry and isobaric tag for relative and absolute quantitation (iTARQ) were employed. The differences between nine HBV-related HCC and adjacent non-HCC tissue specimens were studied. In total, 222 proteins were analyzed for differential expression in the two types of samples. Among these proteins, several were further confirmed by immunohistochemical, immunoblotting, and real-time RT-PCR analysis. RNA interference induced downregulation of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) and decreased HBV replication by fivefold by the IFN pathway. Decreased G6PD expression resulted in decreased hepatoma cell migration and invasion in cell culture. In summary, the investigation provides new information on pathogenesis of HBV infection and suggests G6PD as a novel anti-HCC target. G6PD suppression may contribute to treatment strategies for inhibiting tumor progression.
[Gene promoter methylation in glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deﬁciency].; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the features of methylation in the promoter region of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) gene and the association between gene promoter methylation and G6PD deﬁciency. METHODS: Fluorescent quantitative PCR was used to measure the mRNA expression of G6PD in 130 children with G6PD deficiency. Sixty-five children without G6PD deficiency served as the control group. The methylation-sensitive high-resolution melting curve analysis and bisulfite PCR sequencing were used to analyze gene promoter methylation in 22 children with G6PD deﬁciency and low G6PD mRNA expression. The G6PD gene promoter methylation was analyzed in 44 girls with normal G6PD mRNA expression (7 from G6PD deficiency group and 37 from control group). RESULTS: Twenty-two (16.9%) children with G6PD deficiency had relatively low mRNA expression of G6PD; among whom, 16 boys showed no methylation, and 6 girls showed partial methylation. Among the 44 girls with normal G6PD mRNA expression, 40 showed partial methylation, and 4 showed no methylation (1 case in the G6PD group and 3 cases in the control group). CONCLUSIONS: Gene promoter methylation is not associated with G6PD deficiency in boys. Girls have partial methylation or no methylation in the G6PD gene, suggesting that the methylation may be related to G6PD deficiency in girls. FAU - Xu, Dan-Dan
In vitro inhibition effects of some coumarin derivatives on human erythrocytes glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase activities.; Inhibitory effects of some synthesized dihydroxycoumarin compounds on purified G6PD were investigated. For this purpose, initially human erythrocyte G6PD was purified 7069-fold in a yield of 33.6% by using ammonium sulfate precipitation and affinity chromatography which includes 2',5'-ADP Sepharose 4B. The purified enzyme showed a single band on sodium dodecyl sulfate-polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis (SDS-PAGE). Enzyme activity was determined spectrophotometrically according to Beutler method at 340 nm. 6,7-Dihydroxy-3-(2-methylphenyl)-2H-chromen-2-one (OPC), 6,7-dihydroxy-3-(3-methylphenyl)-2H-chromen-2-one (MPC) and 6,7-dihydroxy-3-(4-methylphenyl)-2H-chromen-2-one (PPC) were used as dihydroxycoumarin compounds. This study has demonstrated that G6PD activity is very highly sensitive to study coumarin derivatives. FAU - Hopa, Ersin
Pleurotus ostreatus, an edible mushroom, enhances glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenase, ascorbate peroxidase and reduces xanthine dehydrogenase in major organs of aged rats.; CONTEXT: Aging is now considered to be associated with an elevation in oxidative damage to macromolecules and enhanced levels of inflammation. Therefore, inhibition of age-related oxidative stress by natural supplement is an important study. OBJECTIVES: To investigate whether the treatment with Pleurotus ostreatus (Jacq.: Fr) Kumm, (Pleurotaceae) can ameliorate oxidative damage in aged rats. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Male Wistar rats were divided into three groups of six each: group 1, normal young rats; group 2, normal aged untreated rats; group 3, normal aged rats treated with P. ostreatus (200 mg/kg body wt administered intraperitoneally for 21 days). On the 22nd day, rats were sacrificed by decapitation; the liver, kidneys, heart and brain were removed from each rat for the biochemical and isozyme analyses of the antioxidant enzymes glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PDH), ascorbate peroxidase (Apx) and xanthine dehydrogenase (XDH). RESULTS: An elevated activity of XDH was observed in the liver (G2:13.72 ± 4.1 versus G1: 7.57 ± 1.15; p < 0.05), kidneys (G2:101.48 ± 12.3 versus G1: 31.15 ± 1.71; p < 0.01), heart (G2: 63.21 ± 3.96 versus G1: 37.3 ± 2.70; p < 0.01) and brain (G2: 39.02 ± 3.96 versus G1: 19.84 ± 1.22; p < 0.001). The activities of G6PDH and Apx were lowered in major organs of aged untreated rats. However, treatment of P. ostreatus to aged rats resulted in decreased XDH and increased G6PDH and Apx activities in liver, kidneys, heart and brain. Interestingly, analyses of isozyme pattern of these enzymes are support the results obtained from the spectrophotometric determinations. CONCLUSION: These results suggest that an extract of P. ostreatus can protect the age-related oxidative damage in major organs of Wistar rats by enhancing the antioxidant enzymes G6PDH and Apx and by reducing XDH. FAU - Thomas, Philip Aloysius
Chemical modification of lysozyme, glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenase, and bovine eye lens proteins induced by peroxyl radicals: role of oxidizable amino acid residues.; Chemical and structural alterations to lysozyme (LYSO), glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD), and bovine eye lens proteins (BLP) promoted by peroxyl radicals generated by the thermal decomposition of 2,2'-azobis(2-amidinopropane) hydrochloride (AAPH) under aerobic conditions were investigated. SDS-PAGE analysis of the AAPH-treated proteins revealed the occurrence of protein aggregation, cross-linking, and fragmentation; BLP, which are naturally organized in globular assemblies, were the most affected proteins. Transmission electron microscopy (TEM) analysis of BLP shows the formation of complex protein aggregates after treatment with AAPH. These structural modifications were accompanied by the formation of protein carbonyl groups and protein hydroperoxides. The yield of carbonyls was lower than that for protein hydroperoxide generation and was unrelated to protein fragmentation. The oxidized proteins were also characterized by significant oxidation of Met, Trp, and Tyr (but not other) residues, and low levels of dityrosine. As the dityrosine yield is too low to account for the observed cross-linking, we propose that aggregation is associated with tryptophan oxidation and Trp-derived cross-links. It is also proposed that Trp oxidation products play a fundamental role in nonrandom fragmentation and carbonyl group formation particularly for LYSO and G6PD. These data point to a complex mechanism of peroxyl-radical mediated modification of proteins with monomeric (LYSO), dimeric (G6PD), and multimeric (BLP) structural organization, which not only results in oxidation of protein side chains but also gives rise to radical-mediated protein cross-links and fragmentation, with Trp species being critical intermediates. FAU - Arenas, Andrea
Multiple transcripts encode glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenase in the southern cattle tick, Rhipicephalus (Boophilus) microplus.; Glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PDH) is an enzyme that plays a critical role in the production of NADPH. Here we describe the identification of four transcripts (G6PDH-A, -B, -C, and -D) that putatively encode the enzyme in the southern cattle tick, Rhipicephalus (Boophilus) microplus. The genomic DNA that is spliced to produce G6PDH-A and -B is 8,600-9,000 bases in length and comprises 12 exons. Comparison of the R. microplus G6PDH gene structure with those available from insects and mammals revealed that the tick gene is most like that of humans. Detection of the four transcripts was evaluated by quantitative RT-PCR using template from larvae, unfed adult females and males, salivary gland tissues from 2- to 3-day-fed adult females and males, and salivary gland tissue of 4- to 5-day-fed adult females. The G6PDH-A and -C transcripts were present in all templates, and both displayed induced expression in salivary gland tissue of fed, adult females but not matched males. The G6PDH-D transcript was detected only in unfed adults and in larvae, a stage in which it was most abundant relative to the other three transcripts. The G6PDH-B transcript, while detectable in all templates, was of low copy number suggesting it is a rare transcript. Induced expression of G6PDH-A and G6PDH-C in fed females may play a role in the tolerance of oxidative stress that is induced upon feeding, and the transcript abundance in fed females may be a function of bloodmeal volume and the time adult females spend on the host relative to adult males. FAU - Olafson, Pia Untalan
Omics markers of the red cell storage lesion and metabolic linkage.; The introduction of omics technologies in the field of Transfusion Medicine has significantly advanced our understanding of the red cell storage lesion. While the clinical relevance of such a lesion is still a matter of debate, quantitative and redox proteomics approaches, as well quantitative metabolic flux analysis and metabolic tracing experiments promise to revolutionise our understanding of the role of blood processing strategies, inform the design and testing of novel additives or technologies (such as pathogen reduction), and evaluate the clinical relevance of donor and recipient biological variability with respect to red cell storability and transfusion outcomes. By reviewing existing literature in this rapidly expanding research endeavour, we highlight for the first time a correlation between metabolic markers of the red cell storage age and protein markers of haemolysis. Finally, we introduce the concept of metabolic linkage, i.e. the appreciation of a network of highly correlated small molecule metabolites which results from biochemical constraints of erythrocyte metabolic enzyme activities. For the foreseeable future, red cell studies will advance Transfusion Medicine and haematology by addressing the alteration of metabolic linkage phenotypes in response to stimuli, including, but not limited to, storage additives, enzymopathies (e.g. glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency), hypoxia, sepsis or haemorrhage. FAU - D'alessandro, Angelo
Massive acute haemolysis and severe neonatal hyperbilirubinemia in glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase-deficient preterm triplets.; Premature triplets (2 boys and 1 girl) were delivered at 34 weeks, with both boys identified as Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficient. Despite having similar quantitative levels of G6PD in their cord blood, only one boy had severe hyperbilirubinemia and anaemia caused by acute haemolysis requiring exchange transfusion. G6PD-deficient infants with the similar genetic, demographic, maternal, clinical factors and G6PD quantification levels can have different severity of presentation of neonatal jaundice in similar environmental set up. This supports the massive acute haemolysis can occur in infant with G6PD deficiency in the absence of any obvious blood group incompatibilities, infection, or ingestion of oxidising agents known to trigger haemolysis. FAU - Shah, Varsha A
[Glutathione-dependent enzymes and glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase of blood in patients with lymphosarcoma (non-Hodgkin's disease)].; Activities of glutathione-dependent enzymes and glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (GPDH) were studied in blood of the patients with lymphosarcoma (LS). The activity of glutathione reductase (GR), glutathione dehydroascorbate reductase (GDAR), gamma-glutamyltranspeptidase (GGT) and G6PDH in plasma, leucocytes, lymphocytes and erythrocytes of peripheral blood in 30 patients (42-56 years) with LS and in 20 healthy have been determined with spectrophotometric methods (Humalyzer 2000 DE). Leucocytes and lymphocytes were separated from blood using Boyum method. Spearmen method used for correlative analysis. The levels of enzymes activity and results of correlative analysis showed an imbalance of antioxidative system defense and metabolic disturbances in patients with LS. The strong functional interrelation was estimated only between GR and G6PDH in the patients' lymphocytes (r=+0,716; p<0.0005). Interrelation was found between the levels of activity of antioxidative enzymes and activity (stage) of pathologic process, this may be used as the additional biochemical test for differential diagnostics of LS and estimation of the cells proliferative activity. FAU - Gavriliuk, L A
The prevalence of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency in Gambian school children.; BACKGROUND: Primaquine, the only available drug effective against Plasmodium falciparum sexual stages, induces also a dose-dependent haemolysis, especially in glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficient (G6PDd) individuals. Therefore, it is important to determine the prevalence of this deficiency in areas that would potentially benefit from its use. The prevalence of G6PD deficiency by genotype and enzyme activity was determined in healthy school children in The Gambia. METHODS: Blood samples from primary school children collected during a dry season malaria survey were screened for G6PDd and malaria infection. Genotypes for allele mutations reported in the country; 376, 202A-, 968A- and 542 were analysed while enzyme activity (phenotype) was assayed using a semi-quantitative commercial test kit. Enzyme activity values were fitted in a finite mixture model to determine the distribution and calculate a cut-off for deficiency. The association between genotype and phenotype for boys and girls as well as the association between mutant genotype and deficient phenotype was analysed. RESULTS: Samples from 1,437 children; 51% boys were analysed. The prevalence of P. falciparum malaria infection was 14%. The prevalence of the 202A-, 968 and 542 mutations was 1.8%, 2.1% and 1.0%, respectively, and higher in boys than in girls. The prevalence of G6PDd phenotype was 6.4% (92/1,437), 7.8% (57/728) in boys and 4.9% (35/709) in girls with significantly higher odds in the former (OR 1.64, 95% CI 1.05, 2.53, p = 0.026). The deficient phenotype was associated with reduced odds of malaria infection (OR 0.77, 95% CI 0.36, 1.62, p = 0.49). CONCLUSIONS: There is a weak association between genotype and phenotype estimates of G6PDd prevalence. The phenotype expression of deficiency represents combinations of mutant alleles rather than specific mutations. Genotype studies in individuals with a deficient phenotype would help identify alleles responsible for haemolysis. FAU - Okebe, Joseph
Detection and purification of glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenase, malic enzyme, and NADP-dependent isocitrate dehydrogenase by blue native polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis.; We describe a blue native polyacrylamide gel electrophoretic technique that allows the facile detection, quantitation and purification of three NADPH-producing enzymes. Glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenase, malic enzyme and NADP-dependent isocitrate dehydrogenase were detected simultaneously. Activity staining based on the formation of NADPH from the respective substrates and the subsequent precipitation of formazan enabled the relative quantitation of enzymatic activities, while Coomassie staining on one-dimensional or two-dimensional gels helped monitor the amount of protein associated with these enzymatic activities. This technique provides a simple and effective route to obtain homogeneous protein for further analyses and also enables the screening of these NADPH-producing enzymes in various cellular systems. FAU - Bériault, Robin
A cytosolic glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase gene, ScG6PDH, plays a positive role in response to various abiotic stresses in sugarcane.; As one of the key enzymes in the oxidative pentose phosphate pathway, glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PDH) plays a role in response to abiotic stresses and pathogenesis. Here, a full-length cDNA was obtained, designed as ScG6PDH from sugarcane. The ScG6PDH gene is 1,646 bp long with a 1,524-bp long ORF encoding 507 amino acid residues. Analysis of a phylogenetic tree indicated that this gene is a member of the cytosolic G6PDH gene family, which is consistent with results from a subcellular localization experiment. Based on a real-time quantitative RT-PCR performed under salt, drought, heavy metal (CdCl2) and low temperature (4 °C) treatments, the transcription levels of the ScG6PDH gene were higher compared with transcription levels where these treatments were not imposed, suggesting a positive response of this gene to these environmental stresses. Furthermore, G6PDH activity was stimulated under 4 °C, CdCl2, NaCl and PEG treatments, but the increments varied with treatment and sampling time, implying positive response to abiotic stresses, similar to the transcript of the G6PDH gene. Ion conductivity measurements and a histochemical assay provided indirect evidence of the involvement of the ScG6PDH gene in defense reactions to the above-mentioned abiotic stresses. FAU - Yang, Yuting
Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) activity and deficiency in a population of Nigerian males resident in Jos.; The activity of red blood cell Glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) in one hundred and twenty six healthy male individuals who are Nigerians residing in Jos was evaluated. The enzyme activity was determined quantitatively by spectrophotometer assay method. The activity of red cell G6PD enzyme was subnormal in 20 % of the population studied. This agrees with previous report of the prevalence of G6PD deficiency in Nigerian males from the Western region of the country which is between 20 and 26 %of the population. The proportion of Nigerian males with subnormal G6PD activity is relatively constant irrespective of their geographical location. FAU - Egesie, O J
An enzymatic fluorimetric assay to quantitate 2-deoxyglucose and 2-deoxyglucose-6-phosphate for in vitro and in vivo use.; Previously, we developed a microplate assay to quantitate 2-deoxyglucose (2DG) and 2-deoxyglucose-6-phosphate in samples for in vitro and in vivo use. In this assay system, four different reaction mixtures were used, and the difference in the reactivity of the two types of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PDH) variants was used. Because G6PDH from tolura yeast was no longer available, we modified our assay system for the use of G6PDH from Leuconostoc. Using this improved assay system, concentrations of glucose, 2DG, glucose-6-phosphate, and 2-deoxyglucose-6-phosphate were easily measured. This assay may be useful for measuring uptake of 2DG without the use of radioisotopes.
Overcompensation in response to herbivory in Arabidopsis thaliana: the role of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase and the oxidative pentose-phosphate pathway.; That some plants benefit from being eaten is counterintuitive, yet there is now considerable evidence demonstrating enhanced fitness following herbivory (i.e., plants can overcompensate). Although there is evidence that genetic variation for compensation exists, little is known about the genetic mechanisms leading to enhanced growth and reproduction following herbivory. We took advantage of the compensatory variation in recombinant inbred lines of Arabidopsis thaliana, combined with microarray and QTL analyses to assess the molecular basis of overcompensation. We found three QTL explaining 11.4, 10.1, and 26.7% of the variation in fitness compensation, respectively, and 109 differentially expressed genes between clipped and unclipped plants of the overcompensating ecotype Columbia. From the QTL/microarray screen we uncovered one gene that plays a significant role in overcompensation: glucose-6-phosphate-1-dehydrogenase (G6PDH1). Knockout studies of Transfer-DNA (T-DNA) insertion lines and complementation studies of G6PDH1 verify its role in compensation. G6PDH1 is a key enzyme in the oxidative pentose-phosphate pathway that plays a central role in plant metabolism. We propose that plants capable of overcompensating reprogram their transcriptional activity by up-regulating defensive genes and genes involved in energy metabolism and by increasing DNA content (via endoreduplication) with the increase in DNA content feeding back on pathways involved in defense and metabolism through increased gene expression. FAU - Siddappaji, Madhura H
Lower reference limits of quantitative cord glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase estimated from healthy term neonates according to the Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute guidelines: a cross sectional retrospective study.; BACKGROUND: Previous studies have reported the lower reference limit (LRL) of quantitative cord glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD), but they have not used approved international statistical methodology. Using common standards is expecting to yield more true findings. Therefore, we aimed to estimate LRL of quantitative G6PD detection in healthy term neonates by using statistical analyses endorsed by the International Federation of Clinical Chemistry (IFCC) and the Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI) for reference interval estimation. METHODS: This cross sectional retrospective study was performed at King Abdulaziz Hospital, Saudi Arabia, between March 2010 and June 2012. The study monitored consecutive neonates born to mothers from one Arab Muslim tribe that was assumed to have a low prevalence of G6PD-deficiency. Neonates that satisfied the following criteria were included: full-term birth (37 weeks); no admission to the special care nursery; no phototherapy treatment; negative direct antiglobulin test; and fathers of female neonates were from the same mothers' tribe. The G6PD activity (Units/gram Hemoglobin) was measured spectrophotometrically by an automated kit. This study used statistical analyses endorsed by IFCC and CLSI for reference interval estimation. The 2.5th percentiles and the corresponding 95% confidence intervals (CI) were estimated as LRLs, both in presence and absence of outliers. RESULTS: 207 males and 188 females term neonates who had cord blood quantitative G6PD testing met the inclusion criteria. Method of Horn detected 20 G6PD values as outliers (8 males and 12 females). Distributions of quantitative cord G6PD values exhibited a normal distribution in absence of the outliers only. The Harris-Boyd method and proportion criteria revealed that combined gender LRLs were reliable. The combined bootstrap LRL in presence of the outliers was 10.0 (95% CI: 7.5-10.7) and the combined parametric LRL in absence of the outliers was 11.0 (95% CI: 10.5-11.3). CONCLUSION: These results contribute to the LRL of quantitative cord G6PD detection in full-term neonates. They are transferable to another laboratory when pre-analytical factors and testing methods are comparable and the IFCC-CLSI requirements of transference are satisfied. We are suggesting using estimated LRL in absence of the outliers as mislabeling G6PD-deficient neonates as normal is intolerable whereas mislabeling G6PD-normal neonates as deficient is tolerable. FAU - Al-Abdi, Sameer Yaseen
Newborn screening of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency in Guangxi, China: determination of optimal cutoff value to identify heterozygous female neonates.; The aim of this study is to assess the disease incidence and mutation spectrum of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency in Guangxi, China, and to determine an optimal cutoff value to identify heterozygous female neonates. A total of 130, 635 neonates were screened from the year of 2013 to 2017. Neonates suspected for G6PD deficiency were further analyzed by quantitatively enzymatic assay and G6PD mutation analysis. The overall incidence of G6PD deficiency was 7.28%. A total of 14 G6PD mutations were identified, and different mutations lead to varying levels of G6PD enzymatic activities. The best cut-off value of G6PD activity in male subjects is 2.2 U/g Hb, same as conventional setting. In female population, however, the cut-off value is found to be 2.8 U/g Hb (sensitivity: 97.5%, specificity: 87.7%, AUC: 0.964) to best discriminate between normal and heterozygotes, and 1.6 U/g Hb (sensitivity: 82.2%, specificity: 85.9%, AUC: 0.871) between heterozygotes and deficient subjects. In conclusion, we have conducted a comprehensive newborn screening of G6PD deficiency in a large cohort of population from Guangxi, China, and first established a reliable cut-off value of G6PD activity to distinguish heterozygous females from either normal or deficient subjects. FAU - Fu, Chunyun
16-bromoepiandrosterone, an activator of the mammalian immune system, inhibits glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenase from Trypanosoma cruzi and is toxic to these parasites grown in culture.; Glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PDH) catalyzes the first step of the pentose-phosphate pathway which supplies cells with ribose 5-phosphate (R5P) and NADPH. R5P is the precursor for the biosynthesis of nucleotides while NADPH is the cofactor of several dehydrogenases acting in a broad range of biosynthetic processes and in the maintenance of the cellular redox state. RNA interference-mediated reduction of G6PDH levels in bloodstream-form Trypanosoma brucei validated this enzyme as a drug target against Human African Trypanosomiasis. Dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA), a human steroidal pro-hormone and its derivative 16α-bromoepiandrosterone (16BrEA) are uncompetitive inhibitors of mammalian G6PDH. Such steroids are also known to enhance the immune response in a broad range of animal infection models. It is noteworthy that the administration of DHEA to rats infected by Trypanosoma cruzi, the causative agent of Human American Trypanosomiasis (also known as Chagas' disease), reduces blood parasite levels at both acute and chronic infection stages. In the present work, we investigated the in vitro effect of DHEA derivatives on the proliferation of T. cruzi epimastigotes and their inhibitory effect on a recombinant form of the parasite's G6PDH (TcG6PDH). Our results show that DHEA and its derivative epiandrosterone (EA) are uncompetitive inhibitors of TcG6PDH, with K(i) values of 21.5 ± 0.5 and 4.8 ± 0.3 μM, respectively. Results from quantitative inhibition assays indicate 16BrEA as a potent inhibitor of TcG6PDH with an IC₅₀ of 86 ± 8 nM and those from in vitro cell viability assays confirm its toxicity for T. cruzi epimastigotes, with a LD₅₀ of 12 ± 8 μM. In summary, we demonstrated that, in addition to host immune response enhancement, 16BrEA has a direct effect on parasite viability, most likely as a consequence of TcG6PDH inhibition.
Metabolic impact of an NADH-producing glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase in Escherichia coli.; In Escherichia coli, the oxidative branch of the pentose phosphate pathway (oxPPP) is one of the major sources of NADPH when glucose is the sole carbon nutrient. However, unbalanced NADPH production causes growth impairment as observed in a strain lacking phosphoglucoisomerase (Δpgi). In this work, we studied the metabolic response of this bacterium to the replacement of its glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PDH) by an NADH-producing variant. The homologous enzyme from Leuconostoc mesenteroides was studied by molecular dynamics and site-directed mutagenesis to obtain the NAD-preferring LmG6PDH(R46E,Q47E). Through homologous recombination, the zwf loci (encoding G6PDH) in the chromosomes of WT and Δpgi E. coli strains were replaced by DNA encoding LmG6PDH(R46E,Q47E). Contrary to some predictions performed with flux balance analysis, the replacements caused a substantial effect on the growth rates, increasing 59 % in the Δpgi strain, while falling 44 % in the WT. Quantitative PCR (qPCR) analysis of the zwf locus showed that the expression level of the mutant enzyme was similar to the native enzyme and the expression of genes encoding key enzymes of the central pathways also showed moderate changes among the studied strains. The phenotypic and qPCR data were integrated into in silico modelling, showing an operative G6PDH flux contributing to the NADH pool. Our results indicated that, in vivo, the generation of NADH by G6PDH is beneficial or disadvantageous for growth depending on the operation of the upper Embden-Meyerhof pathway. Interestingly, a genomic database search suggested that in bacteria lacking phosphofructokinase, the G6PDHs tend to have similar preferences for NAD and NADP. The importance of the generation of NADPH in a pathway such as the oxPPP is discussed.
Characterization of G6PD genotypes and phenotypes on the northwestern Thailand-Myanmar border.; Mutations in the glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) gene result in red blood cells with increased susceptibility to oxidative damage. Significant haemolysis can be caused by primaquine and other 8-aminoquinoline antimalarials used for the radical treatment of Plasmodium vivax malaria. The distribution and phenotypes of mutations causing G6PD deficiency in the male population of migrants and refugees in a malaria endemic region on the Thailand-Myanmar border were characterized. Blood samples for G6PD fluorescent spot test (FST), G6PD genotyping, and malaria testing were taken from 504 unrelated males of Karen and Burman ethnicities presenting to the outpatient clinics. The overall frequency of G6PD deficiency by the FST was 13.7%. Among the deficient subjects, almost 90% had the Mahidol variant (487G>A) genotype. The remaining subjects had Chinese-4 (392G>T), Viangchan (871G>A), Açores (595A>G), Seattle (844G>C) and Mediterranean (563C>T) variants. Quantification of G6PD activity was performed using a modification of the standard spectrophotometric assay on a subset of 24 samples with Mahidol, Viangchan, Seattle and Chinese-4 mutations; all samples showed a residual enzymatic activity below 10% of normal and were diagnosed correctly by the FST. Further studies are needed to characterise the haemolytic risk of using 8-aminoquinolines in patients with these genotypes. FAU - Bancone, Germana
False-Positive Newborn Screen Using the Beutler Spot Assay for Galactosemia in Glucose-6-Phosphate Dehydrogenase Deficiency.; Classical galactosemia is detected through newborn screening by measuring galactose-1-phosphate uridylyltransferase (GALT) in the USA primarily via the Beutler spot assay. We report on an 18-month-old patient with glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency that was originally diagnosed with classical galactosemia. The patient presented with elevated liver function enzymes and bilirubinemia and was immediately treated with soy-based formula. Confirmatory tests revealed deficiency of the GALT enzyme, however, full-sequencing of GALT was normal, suggestive of a different ideology. The Beutler spot assay uses three other enzymatic steps in addition to GALT. A deficiency in either of these enzymes can result in suspected decreased GALT activity when using the Beutler assay. Congenital Disorders of Glycosylation screening for phosphoglucomutase-1 deficiency was negative. Quantitative analysis of G6PD enzyme in red blood cells showed a severe deficiency and a deletion in G6PD. Soy-formula, the standard treatment for galactosemia, has been reported to trigger hemolysis in G6PD deficient patients. G6PD and phosphoglucomutase-1 deficiencies should be considered when confirmatory tests are negative for pathogenic variants in GALT and galactose-1-phosphate level is normal. FAU - Stuhrman, Grace
Changes in glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase activity in Indian desert malaria vector Anopheles stephensi during aging.; Malaria parasite requires a specific time to replicate and disseminate in the mosquito's body before transmission to naïve hosts can occur. Vector control has a proven record in the prevention and control of malaria. The evaluation of vector control strategies requires accurate methods of predicting mosquito age. Anopheles stephensi is the principal malaria vector of the desert part of India. The objective of this study was to correlate the age of laboratory reared and field collected adults of An. stephensi with the glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (g6pd) activity. The measurement of g6pd activity was carried out in a UV-vis spectrophotometer. The g6pd activity in the males and females An. stephensi was inversely proportional to their age. A significant correlation of the g6pd activity was recorded between the field collected and laboratory reared mosquitoes. The g6pd activity in the males An. stephensi was found to be significantly higher than the females. The finding of the present study is useful for the prediction of the age of males and females An. stephensi.
Circadian variations in the activities of 6-phosphogluconate dehydrogenase and glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase in the liver of control and streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats.; The aim of this study was to examine: the 24 h variation of 6-phosphogluconate dehydrogenase and glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase activities, key enzymes for the maintenance of intracellular NADPH concentration, in rat liver in control and streptozotocin-induced diabetic animals. Adult male rats were fed ad libitum and synchronized on a 12:12 h light-dark cycle (lights on 08:00 h). One group of animals was treated with streptozotocin (STZ, 55 mg/kg, intraperitoneal) to induce experimental diabetes. Eight weeks after STZ injection, the animals were sacrificed at six different times of day--1, 5, 9, 13, 17 and 21 Hours After Lights On (HALO)--and livers were obtained. Enzyme activities were determined spectrophotometrically in triplicate in liver homogenates and expressed as units per mg protein. 6-phosphogluconate dehydrogenase activity was measured by substituting 6-phosphogluconate as substrate. Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase activity was determined by monitoring NADPH production. Treatment, circadian time, and interaction between treatment and circadian time factors were tested by either one or two way analysis of variance (ANOVA). Two-way ANOVA revealed that 6-phosphogluconate dehydrogenase activity significantly depended on both the treatment and time of sacrifice. 6-phosphogluconate dehydrogenase activity was higher in control than diabetic animals; whereas, glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase activity did not vary over the 24 h in animals made diabetic by STZ treatment. Circadian variation in the activity of 6-phosphogluconate dehydrogenase was also detected in both the control and STZ treatment groups (one-way ANOVA). Time-dependent variation in glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase activity during the 24 h was detected in control but not in diabetic rats. No significant interaction was detected between STZ-treatment and time of sacrifice for both hepatic enzyme activities. These results suggest that the activities of NADPH-generating enzymes exhibit 24 h variation, which is not influenced by diabetes. FAU - Ulusu, N N
Performance of BinaxNOW G6PD deficiency point-of-care diagnostic in P. vivax-infected subjects.; Accurate diagnosis of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency is required to avoid the risk of acute hemolysis associated with 8-aminoquinoline treatment. The performance of the BinaxNOW G6PD test compared with the quantitative spectrophotometric analysis of G6PD activity was assessed in 356 Plasmodium vivax-infected subjects in Brazil, Peru, Thailand, and India. In the quantitative assay, the median G6PD activity was 8.81 U/g hemoglobin (range = 0.05-20.19), with 11 (3%) subjects identified as deficient. Sensitivity of the BinaxNOW G6PD to detect deficient subjects was 54.5% (6 of 11), and specificity was 100% (345 of 345). Room temperatures inadvertently falling outside the range required to perform the rapid test (18-25°C) together with subtlety of color change and insufficient training could partially explain the low sensitivity found. Ensuring safe use of 8-aminoquinolines depends on additional development of simple, highly sensitive G6PD deficiency diagnostic tests suitable for routine use in malaria-endemic areas.
Modification to reporting of qualitative fluorescent spot test results improves detection of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD)-deficient heterozygote female newborns.; INTRODUCTION: The glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) fluorescent spot test (FST) is a useful screening test for G6PD deficiency, but is unable to detect heterozygote G6PD-deficient females. We sought to identify whether reporting intermediate fluorescence in addition to absent and bright fluorescence on FST would improve identification of mildly deficient female heterozygotes. METHODS: A total of 1266 cord blood samples (705 male, 561 female) were screened for G6PD deficiency using FST (in-house method) and a quantitative enzyme assay. Fluorescence intensity of the FST was graded as either absent, intermediate or normal. Samples identified as showing absent or intermediate fluorescence on FST were analysed for the presence of G6PD mutations using TaqMan@SNP genotyping assays and direct nucleotide sequencing. RESULTS: Of the 1266 samples, 87 samples were found to be intermediate or deficient by FST (49 deficient, 38 intermediate). Of the 49 deficient samples, 48 had G6PD enzyme activity of ≤ 9.5 U/g Hb and one sample had normal enzyme activity. All 38 intermediate samples were from females. Of these, 21 had G6PD activity of between 20% and 60%, and 17 samples showed normal G6PD activity. Twenty-seven of the 38 samples were available for mutation analysis of which 13 had normal G6PD activity. Eleven of the 13 samples with normal G6PD activity had identifiable G6PD mutations. CONCLUSION: Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase heterozygote females cannot be identified by FST if fluorescence is reported as absent or present. Distinguishing samples with intermediate fluorescence from absent and bright fluorescence improves detection of heterozygote females with mild G6PD deficiency. Mutational studies confirmed that 85% of intermediate samples with normal enzyme activity had identifiable G6PD mutations.
The effects of chemical and radioactive properties of Tl-201 on human erythrocyte glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenase activity.; AIM: The inhibitory effects of thallium-201 ((201)Tl) solution on human erythrocyte glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) activity were investigated. METHODS: For this purpose, erythrocyte G6PD was initially purified 835-fold at a yield of 41.7% using 2',5'-Adenosine diphosphate sepharose 4B affinity gel chromatography. The purification was monitored by sodium dodecyl sulfate-polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis, which showed a single band for the final enzyme preparation. The in vitro and in vivo effects of the (201)Tl solution including Tl(+), Fe(+3) and Cu(+2) metals and the in vitro effects of the radiation effect of the (201)Tl solution and non-radioactive Tl(+), Fe(+3) and Cu(+2) metals on human erythrocyte G6PD enzyme were studied. Enzyme activity was determined with the Beutler method at 340 nm using a spectrophotometer. All purification procedures were carried out at +4 degrees C. RESULTS: (201)Tl solution and radiation exposure had inhibitory effects on the enzyme activity. IC(50) value of (201)Tl solution was 36.86 microl ([Tl(+)]: 0.0036 microM, [Cu(+2)]: 0.0116 microM, [Fe(+3)]: 0.0132 microM), of human erythrocytes G6PD. Seven human patients were also used for in vivo studies of (201)Tl solution. Furthermore, non-radioactive Tl(+), Fe(+3) and Cu(+2) were found not to have influenced the enzyme in vitro. CONCLUSION: Human erythrocyte G6PD activity was inhibited by exposure for up to 10 minutes to 0.057 mCi/kg (201)Tl solution. It was detected in in vitro and in vivo studies that the human erythrocyte G6PD enzyme is inhibited due to the radiation effect of (201)Tl solution.
External quality assessment program for detection of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency in the Guangxi region.; The aim of this study is to improve the quality of testing for glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency through evaluation and analysis of the laboratory tests for G6PD activity. External quality assessment (EQA) was carried out twice per year with five samples each from 2014 to 2016. Samples were used for quantitative and qualitative assays. Quantitative results were collected, qualitative results were determined with reference values, and information about methods, reagents and instruments from participating laboratories within the required time. Laboratory performance scores, coefficient of variation (CV), and the rates of false negative and positive results were calculated. As a result, a total of 2,834 cases of negative quality control (QC) samples and 2,451 cases of positive QC samples were assessed, where the rates of false negative and false positive results were 1.31% (37/2,834) and 1.34% (33/2,451), respectively. Quantitative results indicated an increasing trend in testing quality, which were consistent with conclusions based on the comparison of EQA full-score and acceptable ratio in six assessments. The 2nd assay in 2016 had the best full-score ratio of 68.9% (135/196) and best acceptable ratio of 84.2% (165/196). There was a decreasing trend in the average CV of six reagents produced in China, and the range of average CV increased to 14.6-23.6% in 2016. The average CV of low level and high level samples was 22.5% and 15.3%, respectively, demonstrating that samples with low G6PD activity have greater interlaboratory CV values. In conclusion, laboratories improved their testing quality and provided better diagnostic service for G6PD deficiency in areas with high incidence after participation in the EQA program in the Guangxi region. FAU - Tang, Juan
Field Trial of the CareStart Biosensor Analyzer for the Determination of Glucose-6-Phosphate Dehydrogenase Activity in Haiti.; Throughout many developing and tropical countries around the world, malaria remains a significant threat to human health. One barrier to malaria elimination is the ability to safely administer primaquine chemotherapy for the radical cure of malaria infections in populations with a high prevalence of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency. In the current study, a field trial of the world's first quantitative, point-of-care assay for measuring G6PD activity was conducted in Haiti. The performance of the CareStart Biosensor Analyzer was compared with the gold standard spectrophotometric assay and genotyping of the G6PD allele in schoolchildren (N = 343) from the Ouest Department of Haiti. In this population, 19.5% of participants (67/343) had some form of G6PD deficiency (< 60% residual activity) and 9.9% (34/343) had moderate-to-severe G6PD deficiency (< 30% residual activity). Overall, 18.95% of participants had the presence of the A-allele (65/343) with 7.87% (27/343) considered at high risk for drug-induced hemolysis (hemizygous males and homozygous females). Compared with the spectrophotometric assay, the sensitivity and specificity to determine participants with < 60% residual activity were 53.7% and 94.6%, respectively; for participants with 30% residual activity, the sensitivity and specificity were 5.9% and 99.7%, respectively. The biosensor overestimated the activity in deficient individuals and underestimated it in participants with normal G6PD activity, indicating the potential for a systematic measurement error. Thus, we suggest that the current version of the biosensor lacks adequate sensitivity and should be improved prior to its use as a point-of-care diagnostic for G6PD deficiency. FAU - Weppelmann, Thomas A
Prevention of Kernicterus in South Asia: role of neonatal G6PD deficiency and its identification.; Extreme hyperbilirubinemia (EHB) caused by neonatal glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency is strongly associated with mortality and long-term neurodevelopmental impairment, yet there are limited national strategies to reduce this burden in South Asia. Current known and predicted prevalence of G6PD deficiency in Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Bhutan, India, Nepal, and Pakistan ranges from 3.8 to 15 %, with regional "hot spots" exceeding 22 %. Annually, 3.14 million infants are born at risk for this condition. In 2010, South Asian countries reported 37 million (27 %) of world-wide livebirths ≥ 32 wk gestational-age and G6PD deficiency accounted for > 33 % of the global EHB burden, in contrast to 2.2 % for those born in high-income nations. Traditional national approach includes universal newborn screening in malaria-endemic countries or those with prevalence >3.5 %. However, screening implementation should be best optimized using timely quantitative enzyme assay and identification of at-risk female newborns. Furthermore, economic and social constraints, in context of sub-regional variances, call for flexible problem-solving methods in anticipation of changing community demographics. Thus, incremental and need-based newborn screening programs could be the most optimal approach. A human-centered design (HCD) approach, as an alternate pathway, could build the evidence to translate the complex biology of G6PD deficiency and the biodesign of affordable technologies, allowing facilitation of access to knowledge and services, in order to deliver on a long-term public health mandate. Key steps would encompass the initiation of local inquiry of both quantitative and qualitative data to identify at-risk communities and to prospectively design for local innovative solutions. FAU - Arain, Yassar H
Effect of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency on some biophysical properties of human erythrocytes.; The most widespread erythrocyte enzyme defect throughout the world is glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G-6-PD) deficiency. The diagnosis of G-6-PD deficiency may be missed during an acute hemolytic episode due to increased young red blood cells which have good enzyme activity. However this might be detected at a later stage when the patient is asymptomatic. This calls for a detailed investigation of the patient with an acute attack of hemolysis at a later stage. Blood samples were obtained from 45 G-6-PD deficient male patients with previously diagnosed disease [25 subjects were during hemolytic attack (Gp1) while the rest was outside acute hemolytic crisis (Gp2)] and 20 healthy male subjects. The effect of G-6-PD deficiency on the erythrocytes of the above groups was investigated by scanning electron microscope (SEM) complemented with dielectric spectroscopy. The quantification of the morphological shape changes revealed that Gp1 had a significant increase in spheroechinocytes as well as in the morphological index in comparison with those of all other groups. The overall electrical and morphological properties of the red cell membrane of these subjects modified to a great extent during hemolytic attack. This may have important diagnostic and research implications. Thus the combined application of dielectric spectroscopy and SEM can be used as an efficient manner for monitoring abnormalities in blood and erythrocytes due to G-6-PD deficiency. FAU - Maha, Anwar Ali
Re-evaluation of methaemoglobin reduction as a screening procedure for glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD).; Methaemoglobin reduction method is considered to be an old method of qualitative analysis of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase with low specificity and sensitivity and as such, many are sceptical about the reliability of the outcome of the result of the methodology.The aims of this study were to determine the sensitivity and specificity of methaemoglobin reduction method and examine its suitability as a routine method for the screening of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase in this environment. One hundred children were recruited into the study which was conducted over a period of one year. The children (males and females) were aged between 1 day and 15 years. G6PD screening by methaemoglobin reduction method was carried out on all the subjects, while G6PD qualitative assay using G6PD assay kits by Biolabo (France), was carried out in the first 15 subjects who were G6PD deficient by the qualitative screening and the first 15 subjects who were G6PD normal. This was to compare the qualitative with the quantitative assay results and thereby determine the sensitivity and specificity of the methaemoglobin reduction method. The sensitivity and specificity of methaemoglobin reduction test was found to be 93.3 percent each. The results of the qualitative methaemoglobin reduction test for the G6PD deficiency compared well with the quantitative enzymatic assay. With sensitivity and specificity each of 93.3%, the simple qualitative test is dependable and therefore suitable for screening for G6PD. FAU - Amiwero, C E
Suitability of capillary blood for quantitative assessment of G6PD activity and performances of G6PD point-of-care tests.; The use of primaquine and other 8-aminoquinolines for malaria elimination is hampered by, among other factors, the limited availability of point-of-care tests for the diagnosis of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency. Historically, the most used source of blood for G6PD analyses is venous blood, whereas diagnostic devices used in the field require the use of capillary blood; data have shown that the two sources of blood often differ with respect to hemoglobin concentration and number of red blood cells. Therefore, we have analyzed, in both capillary and venous blood drawn from the same healthy donors, the correlation of G6PD activity assessed by two qualitative tests (the Fluorescent Spot test and the CareStart test) with the gold standard quantitative spectrophotometric assay. Results obtained on 150 subjects with normal, intermediate, and deficient G6PD phenotypes show that, although differences exist between the aforementioned characteristics in capillary and venous blood, these do not impact on the quantitative assessment of G6PD activity after corrected for hemoglobin concentration or red blood cell count. Furthermore, we have assessed the sensitivity and specificity of the two qualitative tests against the gold standard spectrophotometric assay at different activity thresholds of residual enzymatic activity in both blood sources.
Challenges for achieving safe and effective radical cure of Plasmodium vivax: a round table discussion of the APMEN Vivax Working Group.; The delivery of safe and effective radical cure for Plasmodium vivax is one of the greatest challenges for achieving malaria elimination from the Asia-Pacific by 2030. During the annual meeting of the Asia Pacific Malaria Elimination Network Vivax Working Group in October 2016, a round table discussion was held to discuss the programmatic issues hindering the widespread use of primaquine (PQ) radical cure. Participants included 73 representatives from 16 partner countries and 33 institutional partners and other research institutes. In this meeting report, the key discussion points are presented and grouped into five themes: (i) current barriers for glucose-6-phosphate deficiency (G6PD) testing prior to PQ radical cure, (ii) necessary properties of G6PD tests for wide scale deployment, (iii) the promotion of G6PD testing, (iv) improving adherence to PQ regimens and (v) the challenges for future tafenoquine (TQ) roll out. Robust point of care (PoC) G6PD tests are needed, which are suitable and cost-effective for clinical settings with limited infrastructure. An affordable and competitive test price is needed, accompanied by sustainable funding for the product with appropriate training of healthcare staff, and robust quality control and assurance processes. In the absence of quantitative PoC G6PD tests, G6PD status can be gauged with qualitative diagnostics, however none of the available tests is currently sensitive enough to guide TQ treatment. TQ introduction will require overcoming additional challenges including the management of severely and intermediately G6PD deficient individuals. Robust strategies are needed to ensure that effective treatment practices can be deployed widely, and these should ensure that the caveats are outweighed by  the benefits of radical cure for both the patients and the community. Widespread access to quality controlled G6PD testing will be critical. FAU - Thriemer, Kamala
Validation of G6PD Point-of-Care Tests among Healthy Volunteers in Yangon, Myanmar.; Primaquine and other 8-amnoquinoline based anti-malarials can cause haemolysis in subjects with glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency. Correct diagnosis of G6PD status in patients is crucial for safe treatment of both relapsing stages of Plasmodium vivax and transmitting forms of Plasmodium falciparum. Lack of suitable point-of-care tests has hampered a much needed wide use of primaquine for malaria elimination. In this study we have assessed the performances of two qualitative tests, the fluorescent spot test (FST) and the G6PD CareStart test (CST), against the gold standard quantitative spectrophotometric assay in a population of 1000 random adult healthy volunteers living in Yangon, Myanmar. The prevalence of G6PD deficiency in the Bamar, Karen and in the whole sample set was 6.6% (10.1% in males), 9.2% (21.0% in males) and 6.8% (11.1% in males) respectively. The FST and CST showed comparable performances with sensitivity over 95% and specificity over 90%, however for cases with severe G6PD activity the FTS had improved performance. If used with a conservative interpretation of the signal, the CareStart test has the potential to be used in the field and, by allowing a wider use of primaquine, to help malaria elimination. FAU - Oo, Nwe Nwe
NADPH-consuming enzymes correlate with glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase in Purkinje cells: an immunohistochemical and enzyme histochemical study of the rat cerebellar cortex.; In cerebellum of the adult rat, glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) activity is particularly localized in Purkinje cells, showing lower activity in the molecular and granule cell layers. G6PD is the first and rate-limiting step of the hexose monophosphate shunt (HMS), which has the physiological role of providing NADPH for reductive biosynthesis and detoxifying reactions. In this study, we searched for a possible correlation between G6PD and other NADPH-consuming enzymes, such as NADPH-cytochrome P450 reductase (P450R), glutathione reductase (GR) and NADPH-diaphorase (NADPH-d). This study was performed by means of immunohistochemistry and enzyme histochemistry followed by quantitative densitometric and confocal laser scanning microscopic analyses. Our results demonstrated that G6PD, P450R and GR have a similar distribution pattern characterized by the highest concentration of these enzymes in the somata of Purkinje cells, and by lower concentrations in the molecular and the granule cell layers. Moreover, in Purkinje cells, G6PD colocalized with both P450R and GR. NADPH-d activity showed a different distribution pattern when compared to the other enzymes, revealing the highest activity in the molecular layer and the lowest in Purkinje cells. Our results suggest a coordinated regulative mechanism of G6PD, P450R and GR based on the request of NADPH or on specific transcription factors. FAU - Ferri, Paola
Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency among children attending the Emergency Paediatric Unit of Usmanu Danfodiyo University Teaching Hospital, Sokoto, Nigeria.; Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency is one of the most common human enzyme deficiencies in the world. It is particularly common in populations living in malaria-endemic areas, affecting more than 400 million people worldwide. This present study was conducted with the aim of determining the prevalence of G6PD deficiency among children visiting the Emergency Paediatric Unit of Usmanu Danfodiyo University Teaching Hospital for pediatric-related care. The study included 118 children, made up of 77 (65.3%) males and 41 (34.7%) females aged ≤5 years with mean age of 3.26 ± 1.90 years. Randox G6PD quantitative in vitro test screening was used for the diagnosis of G6PD deficiency. Of the 118 children tested, 17 (14.4%) were G6PD-deficient. Prevalence of G6PD deficiency was concentrated predominantly among male children (22.1%). Male sex was significantly correlated with G6PD deficiency among the children studied (r = 7.85, P = 0.01). The highest prevalence occurred among children in the 2- to 5-year age-group. Of the 17 G6PD-deficient children, twelve (70.2%) were moderately deficient, while five (29.4%) were severely deficient. Blood film from G6PD-deficient children indicated the following morphological changes; Heinz bodies, schistocytes, target cells, nucleated red cells, spherocytes, and polychromasia. This present study has shown a high prevalence of G6PD deficiency among children residing in Sokoto in the northwestern geopolitical zone of Nigeria. The study indicated a male sex bias in the prevalence of G6PD deficiency among the children studied. There is a need for the routine screening of children for G6PD deficiency in our environment, to allow for evidence-based management of these children and to ensure the avoidance of food, drugs, and infective agents that can potentially predispose these children to oxidative stress as well as diseases that deplete micronutrients that protect against oxidative stress. There is need to build capacity in our setting among pediatricians to ensure the effective management of children with G6PD deficiency. FAU - Isaac, Iz
[Hemoglobinopathies and glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency in the sub-Saharan immigrant population of the Center and South Maresme region, Catalonia, Spain].; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: Prevalence of hemoglobinophaty S and glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency are very increased in certain zones of Western Africa due to the positive pressure exerted by malaria on these congenital defects. In Maresme, a region of East Catalonia, there is a numerous community of African people, coming from areas of Western Africa where sickle cell trait and G6PD deficiency are frequent. The aim of our study was to know the prevalence of both disturbances in this population. POPULATION AND METHOD: We studied 204 individuals of black ethnical background who were migrant Africans. They attended the Immigrant Attention Unit or Outside Surgery Department of Consorcio Sanitario de Mataró for any medical or surgical problems but not for anemia. The G6PD deficiency was determined by a quantitative assay and 2 screening techniques. The identification of abnormal hemoglobins was done by electrophoresis. RESULTS: We studied 141 males (69%) and 63 females (31%). Mean age was 30.8 years (range: 1-70). The studied population came from Gambia, Senegal, Equatorial Guinea, Guinea Bissau, Mali, Somalia, Guinea Conakry, Nigeria, Ghana, Ivory Coast, Sierra Leone, Liberia and Mauritania, and were members of the Sarankhole, Mande, Fulani, Peul, Djola, Bambara, Pare and Ibo ethnic groups (according to the frequency order). We found abnormal hemoglobins in 44 subjects (21.5%): 36 hemoglobin S carriers, 7 hemoglobin C carriers and one hemoglobin C homozygous. Moreover, we identified G6PD deficiency in 31 subjects. According to these results, the prevalence of hemoglobinophaty S in these people is 17.6%; the prevalence of hemoglobinophaty C is 3.9%, and the prevalence of G6PD deficiency is 15.2%. The association of abnormal hemoglobins and G6PD deficiency was found only in a 3% of the cases (2.5% hemoglobinophaty S and 0.5% hemoglobinophaty C). CONCLUSIONS: This results demonstrate a high prevalence of hemoglobinopathies and G6PD deficiency in this population. The morbidity and mortality of sickle cell disease and the complications due to G6PD deficiency, besides the easy detection using electrophoresis and G6PD determination, make it necessary to standardize these tests in areas with high density of black people. FAU - Las Heras Manso, Germán
Determination of optimal cutoff value to accurately identify glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase-deficient heterozygous female neonates.; BACKGROUND: Conventional screening tests to assess G6PD deficiency use a low cutoff value of 2.10 U/gHb which may not be adequate for detecting females with heterozygous deficiency. The aim of present study was to determine an appropriate cutoff value with increased sensitivity in identifying G6PD-deficient heterozygous females. METHODS: G6PD activity analysis was performed on 51,747 neonates using semi-quantitative fluorescent spot test. Neonates suspected with G6PD deficiency were further analyzed using quantitatively enzymatic assay and for common G6PD mutations. The cutoff values of G6PD activity were estimated using the receiver operating characteristic curve. RESULTS: Our results demonstrated that using 2.10 U/g Hb as a cutoff, the sensitivity of the assay to detect female neonates with G6PD heterozygous deficiency was 83.3%, as compared with 97.6% using 2.55 U/g Hb as a cutoff. The high cutoff identified 21% (8/38) of the female neonates with partial G6PD deficiency which were not detected with 2.10 U/g Hb. Our study found that high cutoffs, 2.35 and 2.55 U/g Hb, would increase assay's sensitivity to identify male and female G6PD deficiency neonates, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: We established a reliable cutoff value of G6PD activity with increased sensitivity in identifying female newborns with partial G6PD deficiency.
Neonatal screening external quality assessment in China, 2014.; OBJECTIVE: To analyze the 2014 results of neonatal screening external quality assessment (EQA) performed by the Chinese National Centre for Clinical Laboratories. METHODS: EQA test panels consisting of five dried blood spots (three panels for phenylalanine (Phe) and thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH), two for glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) and 17-alpha-hydroxy progesterone (17-OHP)) were distributed to laboratories and the results collected and evaluated. To compare the correct recognition rates, chi-square test was used. RESULTS: Test results were received from 170 laboratories for Phe, 176 for TSH, 65 for G6PD and 65 for 17-OHP. The total number of effective quantitative and qualitative results of Phe, TSH, G6PD and 17-OHP were 2520 and 2370, 2605 and 2450, 645 and 530, 645 and 645, respectively. The overall correct recognition rates for qualitative tests of Phe, TSH, G6PD and 17-OHP were 99.79 %, 99.67 %, 93.40 % and 99.84 %, and the proportion of acceptable quantitative results were 94.48 %, 98.31 %, 84.65 % and 99.84 %, respectively. There were significant differences in the rates of acceptable quantitative results of the two measurement systems for Phe, TSH and G6PD (p<0.001); χ(2) test showed significant differences in correct recognition or acceptable rates among programmes (p<0.001). CONCLUSION: Most of the quantitative results were acceptable and the overall correct recognition rates in qualitative results approached 100%. Distributing more challenging samples and increasing the range of concentrations of EQA samples will improve standards in future assessments.
What is the role of the second "structural" NADP+-binding site in human glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenase?; Human glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenase, purified after overexpression in E. coli, was shown to contain one molecule/subunit of acid-extractable "structural" NADP+ and no NADPH. This tightly bound NADP+ was reduced by G6P, presumably following migration to the catalytic site. Gel-filtration yielded apoenzyme, devoid of bound NADP+ but, surprisingly, still fully active. Mr of the main component of "stripped" enzyme by gel filtration was approximately 100,000, suggesting a dimeric apoenzyme (subunit Mr = 59,000). Holoenzyme also contained tetramer molecules and, at high protein concentration, a dynamic equilibrium gave an apparent intermediate Mr of 150 kDa. Fluorescence titration of the stripped enzyme gave the K d for structural NADP+ as 37 nM, 200-fold lower than for "catalytic" NADP+. Structural NADP+ quenches 91% of protein fluorescence. At 37 degrees C, stripped enzyme, much less stable than holoenzyme, inactivated irreversibly within 2 d. Inactivation at 4 degrees C was partially reversed at room temperature, especially with added NADP+. Apoenzyme was immediately active, without any visible lag, in rapid-reaction studies. Human G6PD thus forms active dimer without structural NADP+. Apparently, the true role of the second, tightly bound NADP+ is to secure long-term stability. This fits the clinical pattern, G6PD deficiency affecting the long-lived non-nucleate erythrocyte. The Kd values for two class I mutants, G488S and G488V, were 273 nM and 480 nM, respectively (seven- and 13-fold elevated), matching the structural prediction of weakened structural NADP+ binding, which would explain decreased stability and consequent disease. Preparation of native apoenzyme and measurement of Kd constant for structural NADP+ will now allow quantitative assessment of this defect in clinical G6PD mutations. FAU - Wang, Xiao-Tao
Hemolysis and Mediterranean G6PD mutation (c.563 C>T) and c.1311 C>T polymorphism among Palestinians at Gaza Strip.; BACKGROUND: The G6PD c.563 C>T deficient mutation is endemic among Mediterranean populations but its clinical significance is not well delineated. We set up to estimate the proportion of G6PD deficient children presenting with hemolytic anemia at Al Nasser Pediatric Hospital at Gaza Strip, Palestine. We then established the prevalence of c.563T Mediterranean mutation and its linkage to c.1311 C>T polymorphism in this population. DESIGN AND METHODS: G6PD deficiency was identified in children presenting with hemolytic anemia at Al Nasser Pediatric Hospital by spectrophotometric measurement of G6PD activity. G6PD exon 6 and exon 11 were amplified from genomic DNA and evaluated for c.563T mutation by sequencing and the c.1311T polymorphism by restriction fragment analysis. Seventy X-chromosomes (60 males and 5 females) from G6PD deficient patients and 40 X-chromosomes from a control group known to be not G6PD deficient were tested. RESULTS: Over 80% of these children presenting with hemolytic anemia were G6PD deficient and 34% of these had the Mediterranean G6PD deficient variant. The allelic frequencies of Mediterranean c.563T and c.1311T polymorphisms among G6PD deficient patients were 0.33 and 0.38 respectively. The c.1311T polymorphism was linked in 95.2% of patients with the Mediterranean mutation, an allele frequency of 0.87, compared to the control non-G6PD deficient group with an allele frequency of 0.18. CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that G6PD deficiency accounts for majority of hemolytic anemia encountered in Gaza children treated at Al Nasser Pediatric Hospital Emergency department. The Mediterranean mutation c.563T, while not accounting for a majority of G6PD deficiency, is common among G6PD deficient Gaza Strip Palestinians and is frequently, but not always, linked to the c.1311T polymorphism. This work provides a foundation for the population screening of Palestinians for G6PD deficiency and for investigations of ancestral origin of the Mediterranean variant in world populations.
Targeted Proteomics for Multiplexed Verification of Markers of Colorectal Tumorigenesis.; Targeted proteomic methods can accelerate the verification of multiple tumor marker candidates in large series of patient samples. We utilized the targeted approach known as selected/multiple reaction monitoring (S/MRM) to verify potential protein markers of colorectal adenoma identified by our group in previous transcriptomic and quantitative shotgun proteomic studies of a large cohort of precancerous colorectal lesions. We developed SRM assays to reproducibly detect and quantify 25 (62.5%) of the 40 selected proteins in an independent series of precancerous and cancerous tissue samples (19 adenoma/normal mucosa pairs; 17 adenocarcinoma/normal mucosa pairs). Twenty-three proteins were significantly up-regulated (n = 17) or downregulated (n = 6) in adenomas and/or adenocarcinomas, as compared with normal mucosa (linear fold changes ≥ ±1.3, adjusted p value <0.05). Most changes were observed in both tumor types (up-regulation of ANP32A, ANXA3, SORD, LDHA, LCN2, NCL, S100A11, SERPINB5, CDV3, OLFM4, and REG4; downregulation of ARF6 and PGM5), and a five-protein biomarker signature distinguished neoplastic tissue from normal mucosa with a maximum area under the receiver operating curve greater than 0.83. Other changes were specific for adenomas (PPA1 and PPA2 up-regulation; KCTD12 downregulation) or adenocarcinoma (ANP32B, G6PD, RCN1, and SET up-regulation; downregulated AKR1B1, APEX1, and PPA1). Some changes significantly correlated with a few patient- or tumor-related phenotypes. Twenty-two (96%) of the 23 proteins have a potential to be released from the tumors into the bloodstream, and their detectability in plasma has been previously reported. The proteins identified in this study expand the pool of biomarker candidates that can be used to develop a standardized precolonoscopy blood test for the early detection of colorectal tumors.
Antidiabetic potentials of ethanolic extract of Aristolochia ringens (Vahl.) roots.; ETHNOPHARMACOLOGICAL IMPORTANCE: Oral administration of alcoholic decoctions of Aristolochia ringens is used extensively by Traditional Medicine Practitioners (TMP) of Yoruba heritage in South west, Nigeria for the management of diabetes and its associated complications. AIM OF THE STUDY: To assess the potentials of root ethanolic extract of Aristolochia ringens V. (REAR) in the management of diabetes using chemical induced experimental animal model. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Qualitative and quantitative analyses were carried out to elucidate chemical constituents of the REAR extract using phytochemical analyses and gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS) technique. Streptozotocin (STZ)-induced diabetic rats were orally administered with 75, 150 and 300mg/kg body weight of the REAR, once a day and the blood glucose (GLU) levels were monitored for 14 days. Mechanisms of GLU lowering effect were investigated by performing oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and modulation of diabetes associated biomarkers including hepatic glycogen (GLY), GLU, alpha amylase (αAMY) and glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (GPDH) by the extract. RESULTS: Extraction from A. ringens roots using ethanol/water (70/30) yielded 10.25% w/w REAR extract. Preliminary phytochemical profiling of REAR extract revealed the presence of flavonoids (23.03%), phenols (19.15%), alkaloids (16.13%), tannins (4.21%), saponins (1.44%) and GC-MS analyses showed that bulk of the extract was constituted by aristolone (92.3%). Oral administration of 300mg/kg b. wt. REAR extract caused significant reduction (>90%) in hyperglycemia to normal GLU level (≤ 120mg/dl) after 11 days of treatment. Lower doses of 75 and 150mg/kg b. wt. caused similar effect after 13 days. The extract also normalized postprandial GLU to baseline level within 90-120min. Also, GLY concentrations and GPDH activity were significantly increased, whereas GLU levels and αAMY activity were reduced in the liver of diabetic rats treated with REAR extract compared to values in non-treated diabetic group. CONCLUSION: These findings revealed that ethanolic extract from A. ringens root possess antihyperglycemic activity and the data established its usage in folkloric decoctions for management of diabetes.
GC-MS-based metabolomic analysis of human papillary thyroid carcinoma tissue.; Papillary thyroid carcinoma (PTC) is the most common type of thyroid cancer. Elucidating the molecular network that is altered in PTC may lead to the identification of the critical insight into the pathogenesis of PTC. Thus far, little is known regarding the global metabolomic alterations of PTC. Gas chromatography coupled with mass spectrometry-based metabolomics was used to analyze metabolomic alterations in matched PTC and normal thyroid tissues obtained from the patients. Multivariate statistical analyses were employed to determine the significant metabolomic differences. The mRNA levels of the associated metabolic enzyme genes were further assayed with reverse transcription-quantitative polymerase chain reaction analysis. Principal component analysis, partial least-squares discriminant analysis (PLS-DA) and orthogonal PLS-DA models were established, which could clearly separate human normal thyroid and PTC samples, and identified that metabolites in carbohydrate metabolism, including glucose, fructose, galactose, mannose, 2-keto-D-gluconic acid and rhamnose, consistently decreased, while metabolites in nucleotide metabolism, including malonic acid and inosine, and lipid metabolism, including cholesterol and arachidonic acid, significantly altered in PTC. Furthermore, the mRNA levels of metabolic enzyme genes, including glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase, phosphoglycerate kinase 1, lactate dehydrogenase A, phosphoglycerate dehydrogenase and prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase 2, significantly increased in PTC. Based on the metabolomic and mRNA data, various metabolites may be used for increased synthesis of nucleotides and oncogenic lipids in PTC, which may contribute to the pathogenesis of PTC. The present study provides a new understanding of the dysregulated metabolism in PTC and identifies potential avenues for the therapeutic intervention for this disease. FAU - Chen, Minjian
Population screening for glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiencies in Isabel Province, Solomon Islands, using a modified enzyme assay on filter paper dried bloodspots.; BACKGROUND: Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency poses a significant impediment to primaquine use for the elimination of liver stage infection with Plasmodium vivax and for gametocyte clearance, because of the risk of life-threatening haemolytic anaemia that can occur in G6PD deficient patients. Although a range of methods for screening G6PD deficiency have been described, almost all require skilled personnel, expensive laboratory equipment, freshly collected blood, and are time consuming; factors that render them unsuitable for mass-screening purposes. METHODS: A published WST8/1-methoxy PMS method was adapted to assay G6PD activity in a 96-well format using dried blood spots, and used it to undertake population screening within a malaria survey undertaken in Isabel Province, Solomon Islands. The assay results were compared to a biochemical test and a recently marketed rapid diagnostic test. RESULTS: Comparative testing with biochemical and rapid diagnostic test indicated that results obtained by filter paper assay were accurate providing that blood spots were assayed within 5 days when stored at ambient temperature and 10 days when stored at 4 degrees. Screening of 8541 people from 41 villages in Isabel Province, Solomon Islands revealed the prevalence of G6PD deficiency as defined by enzyme activity < 30% of normal control was 20.3% and a prevalence of severe deficiency that would predispose to primaquine-induced hemolysis (WHO Class I-II) of 6.9%. CONCLUSIONS: The assay enabled simple and quick semi-quantitative population screening in a malaria-endemic region. The study indicated a high prevalence of G6PD deficiency in Isabel Province and highlights the critical need to consider G6PD deficiency in the context of P. vivax malaria elimination strategies in Solomon Islands, particularly in light of the potential role of primaquine mass drug administration. FAU - Kuwahata, Melissa
Prevalence of G6PD deficiency in newborns in the south of Brazil.; Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency is an X-linked disorder which causes neonatal jaundice in most cases, and in association with intake of drugs or certain foods (for example fava) can cause haemolytic crises. The aim of this study was to determine the prevalence of G6PD deficiency in Rio Grande do Sul (RS), the southernmost state of Brazil. We tested 2799 newborn blood samples. A commercial kit was used for the quantitative measurement of G6PD activity. Of the 2799 samples, 39 (1.4%) exhibited total deficiency, 178 (6.4%) exhibited intermediate deficiency and 2582 (92.2%) were normal. We found no correlation between G6PD deficiency and ethnic origin, but a high prevalence of patients with partial deficiency could be associated with the type of colonization of RS. The combined prevalence for both types of deficiency (complete and partial) was 7.9% among the newborn population. This finding is important as both types of deficiency must receive same kind of preventive care. FAU - Castro, Simone
High incidence of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency in Croatian island isolate: example from Vis island, Croatia.; AIM: To determine the prevalence of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency in the population of the town of Komiza on the island of Vis, which has previously been reported as a place with several cases of favism. METHODS: We screened 302 randomly selected men, using the fluorescent spot test. Fluorescence readings were performed at the beginning and 5, 10, and 20 minutes after incubation, and were classified into three groups: bright fluorescence, weak fluorescence, and no fluorescence. All men found to be G6PD deficient were tested with a quantitative spectrophotometric UV method. RESULTS: Of the 302 tested blood samples, 36 (11.9%) samples showed weak fluorescence or no fluorescence spots. Spectrophotometric UV test showed that 18 (5.96%) men were G6PD deficient. The prevalence of G6PD deficiency in the population of Komiza is significantly higher (P<0.001) than the prevalence in the whole population of Dalmatia in the south of Croatia (0.75% in men). CONCLUSION: On the basis of these findings, we recommend including the newborns from the island of Vis into a screening program for G6PD deficiency. Our results indicate that G6PD deficiency should be determined for all the island isolates in the Mediterranean basin and they warrant further studies. FAU - Markić, Josko
Reliability of quantitative and qualitative tests to identify heterozygotes carrying severe or mild G6PD deficiency.; OBJECTIVES: To determine if the qualitative test (cytochemical) is more reliable than the quantitative test (differential pH-metry) in identifying heterozygous G6PD- subjects. DESIGN AND METHODS: Identification of heterozygous G6PD- subjects was done by the measurement of G6PD activity and by a cytochemical test. RESULTS: A cytochemical test is more sensitive than differential pH-metry to identify heterozygous G6PD- subjects. CONCLUSIONS: A cytochemical test is a reliable method for mass screening for G6PD deficiency to identify G6PD- heterozygotes. FAU - Tagarelli, Antonio
Evaluation of reference genes for insect olfaction studies.; BACKGROUND: Quantitative reverse transcription PCR (qRT-PCR) is a robust and accessible method to assay gene expression and to infer gene regulation. Being a chain of procedures, this technique is subject to systematic error due to biological and technical limitations mainly set by the starting material and downstream procedures. Thus, rigorous data normalization is critical to grant reliability and repeatability of gene expression quantification by qRT-PCR. A number of 'housekeeping genes', involved in basic cellular functions, have been commonly used as internal controls for this normalization process. However, these genes could themselves be regulated and must therefore be tested a priori. METHODS: We evaluated eight potential reference genes for their stability as internal controls for RT-qPCR studies of olfactory gene expression in the antennae of Rhodnius prolixus, a Chagas disease vector. The set of genes included were: α-tubulin; β-actin; Glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase; Eukaryotic initiation factor 1A; Glutathione-S-transferase; Serine protease; Succinate dehydrogenase; and Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase. Five experimental conditions, including changes in age,developmental stage and feeding status were tested in both sexes. RESULTS: We show that the evaluation of candidate reference genes is necessary for each combination of sex, tissue and physiological condition analyzed in order to avoid inconsistent results and conclusions. Although, Normfinder and geNorm software yielded different results between males and females, five genes (SDH, Tub, GAPDH, Act and G6PDH) appeared in the first positions in all rankings obtained. By using gene expression data of a single olfactory coreceptor gene as an example, we demonstrated the extent of changes expected using different internal standards. CONCLUSIONS: This work underlines the need for a rigorous selection of internal standards to grant the reliability of normalization processes in qRT-PCR studies. Furthermore, we show that particular physiological or developmental conditions require independent evaluation of a diverse set of potential reference genes. FAU - Omondi, Bonaventure Aman
The G6PD flow-cytometric assay is a reliable tool for diagnosis of G6PD deficiency in women and anaemic subjects.; Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) activity is essential for redox equilibrium of red blood cells (RBCs) and, when compromised, the RBCs are more susceptible to haemolysis. 8-aminoquinolines (primaquine and tafenoquine) are used for the radical curative treatment of Plasmodium vivax malaria and can cause haemolysis in G6PD deficient subjects. Haemolytic risk is dependent on treatment dose and patient G6PD status but ultimately it correlates with the number of G6PD deficient RBCs. The G6PD spectrophotometric assay reliably identifies deficient subjects but is less reliable in heterozygous females, especially when other blood conditions are present. In this work we analysed samples with a range of G6PD phenotypes and haematologic conditions from 243 healthy volunteers of Asian or African-American heritage using both the spectrophotomeric assay and the G6PD flow-cytometric assay. Overall 18.5% of subjects (29.3% of Asian females) presented with anaemia, associated with decreased RBCs volume (MCV) and reticulocytosis; the flow-cytometric assay showed good correlation with the spectrophotometric assay (Pearson's r 0.918-0.957) and was less influenced by haemoglobin concentration, number of RBCs and number of reticulocytes. This resulted in more precise quantification of the number of G6PD deficient RBCs and presumably higher predictive power of drug induced haemolytic risk. FAU - Bancone, Germana
Effects of external phosphate concentration on glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase gene expression in the arbuscular mycorrhizal fungus Glomus intraradices.; Specific primers were developed to amplify a 227 bp segment of the arbuscular mycorrhizal fungus Glomus intraradices gene encoding glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PDH), an enzyme involved in the pentose phosphate pathway. G6PDH gene expression was measured by real-time quantitative reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction in response to phosphorus (P) concentrations in the growth medium of colonized transformed carrot roots. We investigated the effects of different P concentration treatments on carbon (C) metabolism within the intraradical mycelia of G. intraradices. The results showed a significant (P=0.017) down-regulation of G6PDH expression in the intraradical mycelia of G. intraradices cultures grown in high P than low P conditions but no significant difference in regulation in excessive P concentrations when compared with the low P or high P concentrations. These results indicate that a reduction in the C flow from the host could be occurring as a result of elevated P and that a decrease in fungal G6PDH gene expression occurs, but not in the short term (less than 2 h). Reduced C flow from the host could lead to reduced fungal growth and root colonization, as was observed under high soil P conditions. FAU - Stewart, L I
Prooxidative-antioxidative balance of cells in different types of renal replacement therapy.; BACKGROUND: Patients suffering from chronic kidney disease (CKD) are exposed to increased oxidative stress and disturbances manifesting in the enzymatic and non-enzymatic antioxidative defence system. The object of the research was to assess the differences between conservative treatment, peritoneal dialysis and haemodialysis in moderating cellular antioxidative agents. METHODS: The group examined comprised 145 patients. The activities of superoxide dismutase, catalase, glutathione peroxidase, glutathione reductase and glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase were obtained using kinetic methods. The spectrophotometric method established the concentrations of reduced glutathione, albumin, uric acid, glucose, total protein and lipids. RESULTS: The type of treatment determined significant changes in antioxidative enzyme activities and concentrations of non-enzymatic antioxidative compounds. CONCLUSIONS: Peritoneal dialysis provides better antioxidant protection than other types of therapy in CKD and should be considered as first-choice treatment despite more metabolic disorders.
Alternative DNA-based newborn screening for glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency.; Newborn screening for G6PD deficiency has been carried out in several countries for more than 25 years. A semi-quantitative enzymatic assay has been used in most laboratories, however, heat inactivation during the summer can cause a significant increase in the false positive rate for this assay. We have developed an alternative DNA-based newborn screening assay for the detection of common mutations within the G6PD gene. The panel of mutations includes the common African A- mutation (G202A;A376G), the common Mediterranean mutation (C563T), and two common Chinese mutations (G1376T and G1388A). A parallel study was performed through screening a total of 4245 neonatal specimens using both the enzymatic and the DNA-based assays. In this population, 49 newborns were identified as hemizygous or homozygous for the A- mutation with an average enzyme activity of 59 microM, 323 were identified as a carrier or unaffected with an average enzyme activity of 208 microM, and no mutation was detected for the remaining 3873 specimens with an average enzyme activity of 234 microM. With this panel of mutations, more than 90% of all affected infants can be identified in our population. FAU - Lin, Zhili
Oxidative stress in patients with acne vulgaris.; Acne vulgaris is one of the common dermatological diseases and its pathogenesis is multifactorial. In this study, we aim to determine the effects of oxidative stress in acne vulgaris. Forty-three consecutive acne patients and 46 controls were enrolled. The parameters of oxidative stress such as catalase (CAT), glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD), superoxide dismutase (SOD), and malondialdehyde (MDA) in the venous blood of cases were measured spectrophotometrically. The values compared with control group, the relation between the severity and distribution of acne, and the correlation of each enzyme level were researched. CAT and G6PD levels in patients were found to be statistically decreased, and SOD and MDA levels were found to be statistically increased (P < .001). However, any statistical difference and correlation could not be found between the severity and distribution of lesions and the mean levels of enzymes. In addition, we found that each enzyme is correlated with one another. Our findings show that oxidative stress exists in the acne patients. It will be useful to apply at least one antioxidant featured drug along with the combined acne treatment. FAU - Arican, Ozer
A COMPARISON OF RAPID DIAGNOSTIC TESTING (BY PLASMODIUM LACTATE DEHYDROGENASE), AND QUANTITATIVE BUFFY COAT TECHNIQUE IN MALARIA DIAGNOSIS IN CHILDREN.; BACKGROUND: The World Health Organization (WHO) considers early and rapid diagnosis as one of the strategies to control malaria. This study compared the performance of Quantitative Buffy Coat (QBC) test and the Plasmodium lactate dehydrogenase (pLDH) rapid diagnostic test (RDT) with microscopy as the gold standard. MATERIALS AND METHODS: The study involved children ages 0-5 years who presented with a history of fever at the University College Hospital, Ibadan, Nigeria. Blood was collected from each patient and used for RDT, QBC and Giemsa-stained blood films for malaria parasites (MP). Results of QBC and RDT were compared with microscopy results for the diagnosis of malaria. RESULTS: A total of 370 cases (194 boys and 176 girls) were studied giving a male: female ratio of 1.1:1. Of the 370 cases tested using Giemsa-stained thick blood films for MP, 78 (21 %) were positive. For the QBC test, 78 (21%) of the cases were positive with sensitivity, specificity, positive and negative predictive values of 70.5 %, 92.1%, 70.5 % and 92.1 % respectively. Seventy-six (20%) of the cases were positive by RDT with sensitivity, specificity, positive and negative predictive values of 84.2 %, 95.2 %, 82.1 %, and 95.9 % respectively. There was no significant difference in the sensitivity of QBC compared with the RDT. CONCLUSION: Both the QBC and the pfLDH (RDT) performed reasonably well in this study Malaria rapid diagnostic tests are recommended in malaria endemic clinical settings to avoid unnecessary antimalarial treatment. List of Abbreviations: AO: Acridine orange, AIDS: Acquired immunodeficiency syndrome, ACT: Artemisinin-based combination therapy, CM:Cerebral malaria, BCP:Benzothiocarboxypurine, DDT:Dichloro-diphenyl-trichloroethane, DNA:DeoxyriboNucleic Acid, ELAM-1: Endothelial leukocyte adhesion molecule, G6PD: Glucose-6-Phosphate Dehydrogenase, HIV: Human immuno deficiency virus, HRP 2: Histidine Rich Protein 2, ICAM -1: Inter cellular adhesion molecule1, ICER: Incremental cost effectiveness ratio, IL-1: Interleukin -1, IFN-g: Interferon-gamma, IgG: Immunoglobulin G, MP: Malaria parasite, NADP: Oxidised Nicotinamide Adenine Dinucleotide Phosphate, NADPH: Reduced Nicotinamide Adenine Dinucleotide Phosphate, PCV: Packed Cell Volume (haematocrit), P. falciparum: Plasmodium falciparum, PLDH: Plasmodium lactate dehydrogenase, PCR: Polymerase Chain Reaction, PPV: Positive predictive value, QBC: Quantitative Buffy Coat examination, TNF: Tumour necrosis factor, NPV: Negative predictive value, RDT: Rapid diagnostic test, SP: Sulphadoxine -Pyrimethamine, SMA: Severe malarial anaemia, UM: Uncomplicated malaria, USA:United States of America, VCAM-1: Vascular cell adhesion molecule, WBC: White Blood Cell, WHO: World Health Organization. FAU - Ifeorah, Ifeanyi Kanayo
Bergapten induces metabolic reprogramming in breast cancer cells.; Alterations in cellular metabolism are among the most consistent hallmarks of cancer. Herein, after a comprehensive metabolic phenotype characterization of MCF7 and ZR75 breast cancer cells, we investigated the activity of bergapten (Bg), a plant-derived compound, against breast cancer. The study of different biochemical pathways involved in cell metabolism revealed that the two cell lines have different bioenergetic phenotypes: MCF7 cells express a glycolytic phenotype only partially oxidative, while ZR75 cells mainly have an oxidative phenotype. In both cell lines, Bg blocked glycolysis and significantly decreased glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PDH) activity promoting glucose accumulation; modulated bioenergetic requirements altering the expression of oxidative phosphorylation (OXPHOS) complexes and ATP production; and induced a lipid-lowering effect since an increased lipase activity concomitantly to a reduction in triglyceride levels was observed. Quantitative data of different metabolites and enzymatic activities were presented. Treatment with Bg resulted in an alteration in different metabolic pathways inducing death in the cells. We report a novel action of the natural product Bg on breast cancer, since it induced metabolic reprogramming by disrupting the interconnected network of different metabolic mechanisms. Bg can be used in combination with other forms of targeted chemotherapy to improve cancer treatment outcomes. FAU - Santoro, Marta
Production of medium chain length polyhydroxyalkanoate in metabolic flux optimized Pseudomonas putida.; BACKGROUND: Pseudomnas putida is a natural producer of medium chain length polyhydroxyalkanoates (mcl-PHA), a polymeric precursor of bioplastics. A two-fold increase of mcl-PHA production via inactivation of the glucose dehydrogenase gene gcd, limiting the metabolic flux towards side products like gluconate was achieved before. Here, we investigated the overproduction of enzymes catalyzing limiting steps of mcl-PHA precursor formation. RESULTS: A genome-based in silico model for P. putida KT2440 metabolism was employed to identify potential genetic targets to be engineered for the improvement of mcl-PHA production using glucose as sole carbon source. Here, overproduction of pyruvate dehydrogenase subunit AcoA in the P. putida KT2440 wild type and the Δgcd mutant strains led to an increase of PHA production. In controlled bioreactor batch fermentations PHA production was increased by 33% in the acoA overexpressing wild type and 121% in the acoA overexpressing Δgcd strain in comparison to P. putida KT2440. Overexpression of pgl-encoding 6-phosphoglucolactonase did not influence PHA production. Transcriptome analyses of engineered PHA producing P. putida in comparison to its parental strains revealed the induction of genes encoding glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenase and pyruvate dehydrogenase. In addition, NADPH seems to be quantitatively consumed for efficient PHA synthesis, since a direct relationship between low levels of NADPH and high concentrations of the biopolymer were observed. In contrast, intracellular levels of NADH were found increased in PHA producing organisms. CONCLUSION: Production of mcl-PHAs was enhanced in P. putida when grown on glucose via overproduction of a pyruvate dehydrogenase subunit (AcoA) in combination with a deletion of the glucose dehydrogenase (gcd) gene as predicted by in silico elementary flux mode analysis. FAU - Borrero-de Acuña, José Manuel
iTRAQ-based quantitative proteomic analysis of cervical cancer.; Cervical cancer is the seventh most common cancer overall and the third among females. To obtain systematic insight into the protein profile that participates in cervical tumor oncogenesis and improve the current target therapies, iTRAQ labeling and NanoLC-MS/MS analysis were utilized to detect differentially expressed proteins in cervical cancer. As a result, 3,647 proteins were identified, among which the expression levels of 294 proteins in cervical cancer samples were distinct from the paired non-tumor samples. Further validation of the differentially expressed proteins, including G6PD, ALDH3A1, STAT1 and HSPB1, was carried out via qRT-PCR, western blot analysis and tissue microarray. Functional analysis of one of the highly expressed proteins, G6PD, was performed using RNA interference. Attenuated G6PD expression reduced the capacity of HeLa cells to migrate and invade in vitro. Our investigation complemented the understanding of cervical cancer progression. Furthermore, the present study supports the notion that suppressing the expression of G6PD may be a promising strategy in developing novel cancer therapeutic drugs. FAU - Ding, Yibing
G6PD deficiency in Plasmodium falciparum and Plasmodium vivax malaria-infected Cambodian patients.; BACKGROUND: Glucose-6-phosphate-dehydrogenase deficiency (G6PDd) rates are unknown in malaria-infected Cambodian patients. These data are key to a rational drug policy for malaria elimination of Plasmodium falciparum and Plasmodium vivax. METHODS: From September 2010-2012, a two-year survey of G6PDd and haemoglobinopathies assessed by quantitative enzyme activity assay and haemoglobin electrophoresis, respectively, was conducted in malaria-infected patients presenting to 19 health centres throughout Cambodia. RESULTS: A total of 2,408 confirmed malaria patients of mean age 26.7 (range 2-81) years were recruited from mostly western Cambodia (n = 1,732, 71.9%); males outnumbered females by 3.9:1. Plasmodium falciparum was present in 1,443 (59.9%) and P. vivax in 965 (40.1%) patients. Mean G6PD activity was 11.6 (CI 95%: 11.4-11.8) U/g Hb, G6PDd was present in 13.9% of all patients (335/2,408) and severe G6PDd (including WHO Class I and II variants) was more common in western (158/1,732, 9.1%) versus eastern (21/414, 5.1%) Cambodia (P = 0.01). Of 997/2,408 (41.4%) had a haemoglobinopathy. Mean haemoglobin concentrations were inversely related to age: 8.1 g/dL < five years, 8.7 g/dL five to 14 years, and 10.4 g/dL >15 years (P <0.001). CONCLUSIONS: G6PDd prevalence, anaemia and haemoglobinopathies were common in malaria-infected patients. The deployment of primaquine in Cambodia should be preceded by primaquine safety studies paralleled with evaluations of easy to use tests to detect G6PDd. FAU - Khim, Nimol
The Rate of Plasmodium vivax Infectivity within Gloucose-6-Phosphate Dehydrogenase (G6PD) Deficient Individuals in Hormozgan Province, Iran.; BACKGROUND: One of the most important enzymatic disorders that interact with malaria is deficiency of G6PD (Gloucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase). This enzyme protects red blood cells from hydrogen peroxide and other oxidative damages. Distribution of this enzyme deficiency usually accompanies with low level distribution of malaria disease in most malarious areas. So this hypothesis may be considered that the G6PD deficiency could be protective against malaria. METHODS: Totally 160 samples were taken from vivax malaria infected and non-infected individuals. Preparing blood smears and quantitative test for G6PD deficiency were employed for all of the samples. To ensure accuracy of the malaria in negative samples besides using microscopical examination, semi-nested multiplex PCR was also performed for the two groups. RESULTS: In microscopical examination 36 and 124 samples were vivax malaria positive and negative respectively. Out of 36 P.vivax positive cases 3 (8.3%) cases were detected to be G6PD deficient versus 30 (24.2%) cases out of 124 P. vivax negative cases. The results showed a significant differentiation between P. vivax positive and P. vivax negative cases in the rate of G6PD deficiency (3/36 in positive cases versus 30/124 in negative cases) (P<0.05). CONCLUSION: vivax malaria positive individuals with G6PD deficiency showed too mild symptoms of Malaria or even asymptomatic. FAU - Ebrahimipour, Mohammad
Characterization of G6PD deficiency in southern Croatia: description of a new variant, G6PD Split.; Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency protects from severe forms of malaria. It is interesting therefore to analyze the molecular basis underlying G6PD deficiency in regions such as the Mediterranean basin where malaria was present for a long time in history. Here we report on the genetic characterization of G6PD deficiency among inhabitants of one Mediterranean region-the Dalmatian region of south Croatia. We analyzed 24 unrelated G6PD-deficient male subjects. Molecular testing revealed several different mutations: G6PD Cosenza 9, G6PD Mediterranean 4, G6PD Seattle 3, G6PD Union 3, and G6PD Cassano 1. Furthermore, we have identified one novel G6PD variant that we named G6PD Split. This variant is caused by a nucleotide change 1442 C-->G leading to the amino acid substitution 481 Pro-->Arg and is characterized by moderate enzyme deficiency (class III variant). This study reveals a higher prevalence (37.5%) of the Cosenza mutation in the Dalmatian region than anywhere else previously investigated and overall shows the considerable molecular heterogeneity underlining G6PD deficiency that can be observed in Mediterranean populations. FAU - Barišić, Marin
Haemoglobinuria among children with severe malaria attending tertiary care in Ibadan, Nigeria.; BACKGROUND: Haemoglobinuria is one of the manifestations of severe malaria and results from severe intravascular haemolysis. Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency has been implicated in its aetiology. Haemoglobinuria may be associated with severe anaemia and, less frequently, acute renal failure. METHODS: A prospective case-control study was carried out to determine the incidence of haemoglobinuria as confirmed by dipstick urinalysis, microscopy and spectrophotometric measurement, among children with severe malaria. A total of 251 children presenting at the Children's Emergency Ward with severe malaria were recruited over a period of 21 months. The G6PD status and the outcomes of severe malaria in children with and without haemoglobinuria was studied with respect to renal failure, the recurrence of haemoglobinuria and blood pressure changes over a three-month follow-up period. RESULTS: It was found that the incidence of haemoglobinuria among children with severe malaria is 19.1%. Children <5 years constituted 76.8% of all the study patients. Patients with haemoglobinuria had median age of 52.5 months, which was significantly higher than 35 months in patients without haemoglobinuria (p=0.001). Although, haemaglobinuria was commoner among boys (54.2%) than girls (45.8%), the difference was not statistically significant. There were no significant differences between children with and without haemoglobinuria regarding their nutritional status or parasite densities. Among the clinical features of the study patients, only jaundice was significantly associated with haemoglobinuria (p=0.0001). Renal failure occurred in three out of 48 children with haemoglobinuria and in none of the 203 without. There was not recurrence of haemoglobinuria in the follow-up period. At discharge, blood pressure was elevated in six children (one previously haemoglobinuric), but all returned to normal within the follow-up period. CONCLUSIONS: Haemoglobinuria was a prominent feature of severe malaria and it was significantly associated with jaundice at presentation. Haemoglobinuria was commoner in older children than younger children but not related to sex. G6PD deficiency was not an independent predictor of the occurrence or outcome of haemoglobinuria. Blood pressure was not affected by haemoglobinuria on admission nor during follow-up. FAU - Ajetunmobi, Wasiu A
Quantitative proteomics by SWATH-MS reveals sophisticated metabolic reprogramming in hepatocellular carcinoma tissues.; Hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) is one of the most common cancers worldwide, and understanding its molecular pathogenesis is pivotal to managing this disease. Sequential window acquisition of all theoretical mass spectra (SWATH-MS) is an optimal proteomic strategy to seek crucial proteins involved in HCC development and progression. In this study, a quantitative proteomic study of tumour and adjacent non-tumour liver tissues was performed using a SWATH-MS strategy. In total, 4,216 proteins were reliably quantified, and 338 were differentially expressed, with 191 proteins up-regulated and 147 down-regulated in HCC tissues compared with adjacent non-tumourous tissues. Functional analysis revealed distinct pathway enrichment of up- and down-regulated proteins. The most significantly down-regulated proteins were involved in metabolic pathways. Notably, our study revealed sophisticated metabolic reprogramming in HCC, including alteration of the pentose phosphate pathway; serine, glycine and sarcosine biosynthesis/metabolism; glycolysis; gluconeogenesis; fatty acid biosynthesis; and fatty acid β-oxidation. Twenty-seven metabolic enzymes, including PCK2, PDH and G6PD, were significantly changed in this study. To our knowledge, this study presents the most complete view of tissue-specific metabolic reprogramming in HCC, identifying hundreds of differentially expressed proteins, which together form a rich resource for novel drug targets or diagnostic biomarker discovery. FAU - Gao, Yanyan
Heterogeneity of G6PD deficiency prevalence in Mozambique: a school-based cross-sectional survey in three different regions.; BACKGROUND: Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency is an X-linked hereditary enzymatic abnormality that affects more than 400 million people worldwide. Most deficient individuals do not manifest any symptoms; however, several precipitant agents-such as fava intake, infections, or several drugs-may trigger acute haemolytic anaemia. Countries should be informed of the prevalence of this enzymatic anomaly within their borders, in order to make safe and appropriate national decisions regarding the use of potentially unsafe drugs for G6PD deficient individuals. METHODS: A school-based cross-sectional survey was conducted in three districts in Mozambique, namely Manhiça, located in the south; Mocuba in the centre; and Pemba in the northern tip of the country. G6PD deficiency was evaluated using the CareStart™ diagnostic test, and enzyme activity levels were measured through fluorescence spectrophotometry in deficient individuals. Chi squared and ANOVA tests were used to assess prevalence and mean enzyme activity differences, and logistic regression was used to identify risk factors associated to the deficiency. RESULTS: G6PD deficiency prevalence estimates were lowest in the northern city of Pemba (8.3%) and among Emakhuwas and Shimakondes, and higher in the centre and southern regions of the country (16.8 and 14.6%, respectively), particularly among Elomwes and Xichanganas. G6PD deficiency was significantly more prevalent among male students than females (OR = 1.4, 95% CI 1.0-1.8, p = 0.02), although enzyme activity levels were not different among deficient individuals from either gender group. Finally, median deficiency levels were found to be more severe among the deficient students from the north (0.7 U/gHg [0.2-0.7] p < 0.001) and south (0.7 U/gHg [0.5-2.5]), compared to those from the centre (1.4 U/gHg [0.6-2.1]). CONCLUSION: These findings suggest that Mozambique, as a historically high malaria-endemic country has considerable levels of G6PD deficiency, that vary significantly across the country. This should be considered when planning national strategies for the use of licensed drugs that may be associated to haemolysis among G6PD individuals, or prior to the performance of future trials using primaquine and other 8-aminoquinolines derivatives. Registration Number CISM local ethics committee (CIBS-25/013, 4th of December 2013), and the National Ethics Committee of Mozambique (IRB00002657, 28th of February 2014). FAU - Galatas, Beatriz
Enzymatic cycling method using creatine kinase to measure creatine by real-time detection.; We have developed a novel enzymatic cycling method that uses creatine kinase (CK) to measure creatine. The method takes advantage of the reversibility of the CK reaction in which the forward (creatine phosphate forming) and reverse reactions are catalyzed in the presence of an excess amount of ATP and IDP, respectively. Real-time detection was accomplished using ADP-dependent glucokinase (ADP-GK) together with glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase. ADP, one of the cycling reaction products, was distinguished from IDP by using the nucleotide selectivity of the ADP-GK. The increasing level of ADP was measured from the level of reduced NADP at 340 nm. The method is appropriate for an assay that requires high sensitivity because the rate of increase in absorbance at 340 nm is proportional to the amount of CK present in the reaction mix. We reasoned that the method with CK in combination with creatinine amidohydrolase could be used to assay creatinine, an important marker of kidney function. Our results confirmed the quantitative capability of the assay.
Reference gene selection for quantitative PCR studies in sheep neutrophils.; Reference genes are essential for studying mRNA expression with quantitative PCR (qPCR). We investigated 11 potential neutrophil reference genes (RPL19, GAPDH, ACTB, B2M, HPRT, G6PD, TFRC, PGK1, YWHAZ, SDHA and GYPC) for sheep under disease conditions of foot rot (FR) and with or without Se supplementation. Initial screening was based on gene expression level (<28 Cq cycles) and variability (SD < 1.5 Cq cycles) and excluded TFRC, GYPC and HPRT from further analysis. Expression stability of the remaining genes was evaluated using four software programs: geNorm, NormFinder, BestKeeper and the comparative delta Cq method. The neutrophil reference genes, G6PD, YWHAZ, GAPDH, RPL19 and SDHA, consistently ranked among the top five most stable genes under these experimental conditions. The SDHA gene expression was not stable in FR-diseased sheep receiving Se treatment and, thus, cannot be recommended as a reference gene. The commonly used genes, PGK1, ACTB and B2M, were not reliable reference genes, underscoring the need to validate neutrophil reference genes under different experimental conditions. Multiple references genes rather than a single gene may provide more robust and reliable results. The best pair of reference genes was SDHA/G6PD in healthy sheep and GADPH/YWHAZ in FR-diseased sheep. FAU - Vorachek, William R
Identification of proteins responsible for adriamycin resistance in breast cancer cells using proteomics analysis.; Chemoresistance is a poor prognostic factor in breast cancer and is a major obstacle to the successful treatment of patients receiving chemotherapy. However, the precise mechanism of resistance remains unclear. In this study, a pair of breast cancer cell lines, MCF-7 and its adriamycin-resistant counterpart MCF-7/ADR was used to examine resistance-dependent cellular responses and to identify potential therapeutic targets. We applied nanoflow liquid chromatography (nLC) and tandem mass tags (TmT) quantitative mass spectrometry to distinguish the differentially expressed proteins (DEPs) between the two cell lines. Bioinformatics analyses were used to identify functionally active proteins and networks. 80 DEPs were identified with either up- or down-regulation. Basing on the human protein-protein interactions (PPI), we have retrieved the associated functional interaction networks for the DEPs and analyzed the biological functions. Six different signaling pathways and most of the DEPs strongly linked to chemoresistance, invasion, metastasis development, proliferation, and apoptosis. The identified proteins in biological networks served to resistant drug and to select critical candidates for validation analyses by western blot. The glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD), gamma-glutamyl cyclotransferase (GGCT), isocitrate dehydrogenase 1 (NADP+,soluble)(IDH1), isocitrate dehydrogenase 2 (NADP+,mitochondrial) (IDH2) and glutathione S-transferase pi 1(GSTP1), five of the critical components of GSH pathway, contribute to chemoresistance. FAU - Wang, Zhipeng
Two new class III G6PD variants [G6PD Tunis (c.920A>C: p.307Gln>Pro) and G6PD Nefza (c.968T>C: p.323 Leu>Pro)] and overview of the spectrum of mutations in Tunisia.; We screened 423 patients referred to our laboratory after hemolysis triggered by fava beans ingestion, neonatal jaundice or drug hemolysis. Others were asymptomatic but belonged to a family with a history of G6PD deficiency. The determination of enzymatic activity using spectrophotometric method, revealed 293 deficient (143 males and 150 females). The molecular analysis was performed by a combination of PCR-RFLP and DNA sequencing to characterize the mutations causing G6PD deficiency. 14 different genotypes have been identified : G6PD A(-) (376A>G;202G>A) (46.07%) and G6PD Med (33.10%) were the most common variants followed by G6PD Santamaria (5.80%), G6PD Kaiping (3.75%), the association [c.1311T and IVS11 93c] (3.75%), G6PD Chatham (2.04%), G6PD Aures (1.70%), G6PD A(-) Betica (0.68%), the association [ 376G;c.1311T;IVS11 93c] (0.68%), G6PD Malaga, G6PD Canton and G6PD Abeno respectively (0.34%). Two novel missense mutations were identified (c.920A>C: p.307Gln>Pro and c.968T>C: p.323 Leu>Pro). We designated these two class III variants as G6PD Tunis and G6PD Nefza. A mechanism which could account for the defective activity is discussed.
Assessment of Point-of-Care Diagnostics for G6PD Deficiency in Malaria Endemic Rural Eastern Indonesia.; BACKGROUND: Patients infected by Plasmodium vivax or Plasmodium ovale suffer repeated clinical attacks without primaquine therapy against latent stages in liver. Primaquine causes seriously threatening acute hemolytic anemia in patients having inherited glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency. Access to safe primaquine therapy hinges upon the ability to confirm G6PD normal status. CareStart G6PD, a qualitative G6PD rapid diagnostic test (G6PD RDT) intended for use at point-of-care in impoverished rural settings where most malaria patients live, was evaluated. METHODOLOGY/PRINCIPAL FINDINGS: This device and the standard qualitative fluorescent spot test (FST) were each compared against the quantitative spectrophotometric assay for G6PD activity as the diagnostic gold standard. The assessment occurred at meso-endemic Panenggo Ede in western Sumba Island in eastern Indonesia, where 610 residents provided venous blood. The G6PD RDT and FST qualitative assessments were performed in the field, whereas the quantitative assay was performed in a research laboratory at Jakarta. The median G6PD activity ≥ 5 U/gHb was 9.7 U/gHb and was considered 100% of normal activity. The prevalence of G6PD deficiency by quantitative assessment (<5 U/gHb) was 7.2%. Applying 30% of normal G6PD activity as the cut-off for qualitative testing, the sensitivity, specificity, positive predictive value, and negative predictive value for G6PD RDT versus FST among males were as follows: 100%, 98.7%, 89%, and 100% versus 91.7%, 92%, 55%, and 99%; P = 0.49, 0.001, 0.004, and 0.24, respectively. These values among females were: 83%, 92.7%, 17%, and 99.7% versus 100%, 92%, 18%, and 100%; P = 1.0, 0.89, 1.0 and 1.0, respectively. CONCLUSIONS/SIGNIFICANCE: The overall performance of G6PD RDT, especially 100% negative predictive value, demonstrates suitable safety for G6PD screening prior to administering hemolytic drugs like primaquine and many others. Relatively poor diagnostic performance among females due to mosaic G6PD phenotype is an inherent limitation of any current practical screening methodology. FAU - Satyagraha, Ari W
Oxidative stress in the blood of patients with active localized vitiligo.; OBJECTIVES: Vitiligo is an acquired skin disease characterized by white areas on the skin. The pathogenesis of the disease is still unclear. Some findings show that oxidative stress could be an important phenomenon in the pathophysiology of vitiligo. METHODS: We evaluated 16 consecutive localized vitiligo patients and 16 healthy controls of a similar age and sex distribution. We measured their indicators of oxidative stress such as catalase (CAT), superoxide dismutase (SOD), glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) in erythrocytes, and plasma malondialdehyde (MDA) by spectrophotometry. RESULTS: SOD activities and MDA levels of patients were significantly higher than controls (p < 0.001). CAT and G6PD activities of patients were significantly lower than controls (p < 0.05 and p < 0.001, respectively). CONCLUSION: Our results confirmed that oxidative stress may play an important role in the pathogenesis of vitiligo. Melanocyte damage in vitiligo might be linked to generalized oxidative stress. This study is the first report on some antioxidant parameters of localized-type vitiligo patients. FAU - Arican, Ozer
Lipid metabolism in liver of rat exposed to cadmium.; We investigated the effect of exposition to cadmium (Cd, 15ppm for 8 weeks) through drinking water on liver lipid metabolism in adult male Wistar rats. As compared to metal non-exposed (control) rats, the serum triglycerides, cholesterol and LDL+VLDL cholesterol concentrations increased. This was associated to a decrease of lipoprotein lipase activity in post heparinic plasma. The VLDL secretion from liver was not modified. Cd treatment increased triglycerides and decreased esterified cholesterol contents in liver. The high triglyceride mass was related to the increased glycerol-3-phosphate acyltransferase mRNA expression. In addition, the liver fatty acids synthesis increased, as determined by an increment of fatty acid synthetase and isocitrate dehydrogenase activities, and [(14)C]-acetate incorporation into saponifiable lipid fraction. The relative percentage of palmitic acid (16:0) and total saturated fatty acids were increased compared with control. Hepatic glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase, malic dehydrogenase and cholesteryl ester hydrolase activities were unchanged. In liver, the Cd treatment decreased triglyceride and cholesterol in mitochondria, also increased triglyceride in cytosol, and cholesterol and phospholipid contents in nuclei, compared with control. In addition, an increase of nuclei phosphatidylcholine synthesis was observed. Cd exposure alters directly or indirectly the serum lipid content and liver lipid metabolism. FAU - Larregle, Ethel V
Neonatal hyperbilirubinemia in infants with G6PD c.563C > T Variant.; BACKGROUND: There is a strong correlation between glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency and neonatal hyperbilirubinemia with a rare but potential threat of devastating acute bilirubin encephalopathy. G6PD deficiency was observed in 4-14% of hospitalized icteric neonates in Pakistan. G6PD c.563C > T is the most frequently reported variant in this population. The present study was aimed at evaluating the time to onset of hyperbilirubinemia and the postnatal bilirubin trajectory in infants having G6PD c.563C > T. METHODS: This was a case-control study conducted at The Aga Khan University, Pakistan during the year 2008. We studied 216 icteric male neonates who were re-admitted for phototherapy during the study period. No selection was exercised. Medical records showed that 32 were G6PD deficient while 184 were G6PD normal. Each infant was studied for birth weight, gestational age, age at the time of presentation, presence of cephalhematoma, sepsis and neurological signs, peak bilirubin level, age at peak bilirubin level, days of hospitalization, whether phototherapy or exchange blood transfusion was initiated, and the outcome. During hospital stay, each baby was tested for complete blood count, reticulocyte count, ABO and Rh blood type, direct antiglobulin test and quantitative G6PD estimation [by kinetic determination of G6PDH]. G6PDgenotype was analyzed in 32 deficient infants through PCR-RFLP analysis and gene sequencing. RESULTS: G6PD variants c.563C > T and c.131 C > G were observed in 21 (65%) and three (9%) of the 32 G6PD deficient infants, respectively. DNA of eight (25%) newborns remained uncharacterized. In contrast to G6PD normal neonates, infants with c.563C > T variant had significantly lower enzyme activity (mean ± 1SD; 0.3 ± 0.2 U/gHb vs. 14.0 ± 4.5 U/gHb, p < 0.001) experienced higher peak levels of total serum bilirubin (mean ± 1SD; 16.8 ± 5.4 mg/dl vs. 13.8 ± 4.6 mg/dl, p = 0.008) which peaked earlier after birth (mean ± 1SD 2.9 ± 1.6 vs. 4.3 ± 2.3 days, p = 0.007). No statistically significant difference was observed in mean weight, age at presentation, hemoglobin, reticulocyte count, TSH level, hospital stay or in the frequency of initiation of phototherapy or blood exchange between the two groups. CONCLUSIONS: We concluded that infants with G6PD c.563C > T variant developed jaundice earlier than infants with normal G6PD enzyme levels. Compared to G6PD normal infants, G6PD c.563C > T carrying infants had significantly low G6PD activity. FAU - Moiz, Bushra
Implications of current therapeutic restrictions for primaquine and tafenoquine in the radical cure of vivax malaria.; BACKGROUND: The 8-aminoquinoline antimalarials, the only drugs which prevent relapse of vivax and ovale malaria (radical cure), cause dose-dependent oxidant haemolysis in individuals with glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency. Patients with <30% and <70% of normal G6PD activity are not given standard regimens of primaquine and tafenoquine, respectively. Both drugs are currently considered contraindicated in pregnant and lactating women. METHODS: Quantitative G6PD enzyme activity data from 5198 individuals were used to estimate the proportions of heterozygous females who would be ineligible for treatment at the 30% and 70% activity thresholds, and the relationship with the severity of the deficiency. This was used to construct a simple model relating allele frequency in males to the potential population coverage of tafenoquine and primaquine under current prescribing restrictions. FINDINGS: Independent of G6PD deficiency, the current pregnancy and lactation restrictions will exclude ~13% of females from radical cure treatment. This could be reduced to ~4% if 8-aminoquinolines can be prescribed to women breast-feeding infants older than 1 month. At a 30% activity threshold, approximately 8-19% of G6PD heterozygous women are ineligible for primaquine treatment; at a 70% threshold, 50-70% of heterozygous women and approximately 5% of G6PD wild type individuals are ineligible for tafenoquine treatment. Thus, overall in areas where the G6PDd allele frequency is >10% more than 15% of men and more than 25% of women would be unable to receive tafenoquine. In vivax malaria infected patients these proportions will be lowered by any protective effect against P. vivax conferred by G6PD deficiency. CONCLUSION: If tafenoquine is deployed for radical cure, primaquine will still be needed to obtain high population coverage. Better radical cure antimalarial regimens are needed. FAU - Watson, James
Validation of the quantitative point-of-care CareStart biosensor for assessment of G6PD activity in venous blood.; INTRODUCTION: Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency is the most common enzymopathy in the human population affecting an estimated 8% of the world population, especially those living in areas of past and present malaria endemicity. Decreased G6PD enzymatic activity is associated with drug-induced hemolysis and increased risk of severe neonatal hyperbilirubinemia leading to brain damage. The G6PD gene is on the X chromosome therefore mutations cause enzymatic deficiency in hemizygote males and homozygote females while the majority of heterozygous females have an intermediate activity (between 30-80% of normal) with a large distribution into the range of deficiency and normality. Current G6PD qualitative tests are unable to diagnose G6PD intermediate activities which could hinder wide use of 8-aminoquinolines for Plasmodium vivax elimination. The aim of the study was to assess the diagnostic performances of the new Carestart G6PD quantitative biosensor. METHODS: A total of 150 samples of venous blood with G6PD deficient, intermediate and normal phenotypes were collected among healthy volunteers living along the north-western Thailand-Myanmar border. Samples were analyzed by complete blood count, by gold standard spectrophotometric assay using Trinity kits and by the latest model of Carestart G6PD biosensor which analyzes both G6PD and hemoglobin. RESULTS: Bland-Altman comparison of the CareStart normalized G6PD values to that of the gold standard assay showed a strong bias in values resulting in poor area under-the-curve values for both 30% and 80% thresholds. Performing a receiver operator curve identified threshold values for the CareStart product equivalent to the 30% and 80% gold standard values with good sensitivity and specificity values, 100% and 92% (for 30% G6PD activity) and 92% and 94% (for 80% activity) respectively. CONCLUSION: The Carestart G6PD biosensor represents a significant improvement for quantitative diagnosis of G6PD deficiency over previous versions. Further improvements and validation studies are required to assess its utility for informing radical cure decisions in malaria endemic settings. FAU - Bancone, Germana
The challenges of introducing routine G6PD testing into radical cure: a workshop report.; The only currently available drug that effectively removes malaria hypnozoites from the human host is primaquine. The use of 8-aminoquinolines is hampered by haemolytic side effects in glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficient individuals. Recently a number of qualitative and a quantitative rapid diagnostic test (RDT) format have been developed that provide an alternative to the current standard G6PD activity assays. The WHO has recently recommended routine testing of G6PD status prior to primaquine radical cure whenever possible. A workshop was held in the Philippines in early 2015 to discuss key challenges and knowledge gaps that hinder the introduction of routine G6PD testing. Two point-of-care (PoC) test formats for the measurement of G6PD activity are currently available: qualitative tests comparable to malaria RDT as well as biosensors that provide a quantitative reading. Qualitative G6PD PoC tests provide a binomial test result, are easy to use and some products are comparable in price to the widely used fluorescent spot test. Qualitative test results can accurately classify hemizygous males, heterozygous females, but may misclassify females with intermediate G6PD activity. Biosensors provide a more complex quantitative readout and are better suited to identify heterozygous females. While associated with higher costs per sample tested biosensors have the potential for broader use in other scenarios where knowledge of G6PD activity is relevant as well. The introduction of routine G6PD testing is associated with additional costs on top of routine treatment that will vary by setting and will need to be assessed prior to test introduction. Reliable G6PD PoC tests have the potential to play an essential role in future malaria elimination programmes, however require an improved understanding on how to best integrate routine G6PD testing into different health settings. FAU - Ley, Benedikt
Enantioselective metabolism of primaquine by human CYP2D6.; BACKGROUND: Primaquine, currently the only approved drug for the treatment and radical cure of Plasmodium vivax malaria, is still used as a racemic mixture. Clinical use of primaquine has been limited due to haemolytic toxicity in individuals with genetic deficiency in glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase. Earlier studies have linked its therapeutic effects to CYP2D6-generated metabolites. The aim of the current study was to investigate the differential generation of the CYP2D6 metabolites by racemic primaquine and its individual enantiomers. METHODS: Stable isotope 13C-labelled primaquine and its two enantiomers were incubated with recombinant cytochrome-P450 supersomes containing CYP2D6 under optimized conditions. Metabolite identification and time-point quantitative analysis were performed using LC-MS/MS. UHPLC retention time, twin peaks with a mass difference of 6, MS-MS fragmentation pattern, and relative peak area with respect to parent compound were used for phenotyping and quantitative analysis of metabolites. RESULTS: The rate of metabolism of (+)-(S)-primaquine was significantly higher (50% depletion of 20 μM in 120 min) compared to (-)-(R)-primaquine (30% depletion) when incubated with CYP2D6. The estimated Vmax (μmol/min/mg) were 0.75, 0.98 and 0.42, with Km (μM) of 24.2, 33.1 and 21.6 for (±)-primaquine, (+)-primaquine and (-)-primaquine, respectively. Three stable mono-hydroxylated metabolites, namely, 2-, 3- and 4-hydroxyprimaquine (2-OH-PQ, 3-OH-PQ, and 4-OH-PQ), were identified and quantified. 2-OH-PQ was preferentially formed from (+)-primaquine in a ratio of 4:1 compared to (-)-primaquine. The racemic (±)-primaquine showed a pattern similar to the (-)-primaquine; 2-OH-PQ accounted for about 15-17% of total CYP2D6-mediated conversion of (+)-primaquine. In contrast, 4-OH-PQ was preferentially formed with (-)-primaquine (5:1), accounting for 22% of the total (-)-primaquine conversion. 3-OH-PQ was generated from both enantiomers and racemate. 5-hydroxyprimaquine was unstable. Its orthoquinone degradation product (twice as abundant in (+)-primaquine compared to (-)-primaquine) was identified and accounted for 18-20% of the CYP2D6-mediated conversion of (+)-primaquine. Other minor metabolites included dihydroxyprimaquine species, two quinone-imine products of dihydroxylated primaquine, and a primaquine terminal alcohol with variable generation from the individual enantiomers. CONCLUSION: The metabolism of primaquine by human CYP2D6 and the generation of its metabolites display enantio-selectivity regarding formation of hydroxylated product profiles. This may partly explain differential pharmacologic and toxicologic properties of primaquine enantiomers. FAU - Fasinu, Pius S
Effect of siRNA-mediated gene silencing of transketolase on A549 lung cancer cells.; The aim of the present study was to investigate the effects of transketolase (TKT) on cell proliferation, cell migration and interaction with other metabolism-associated genes in A549 lung cancer cells. A549 cells were transfected with three TKT-specific small interfering (si)RNAs, screened for the optimal transfection concentration, and sequenced with flow cytometry and reverse transcription-quantitative polymerase chain reaction (RT-qPCR). Cell viability was evaluated using Cell Counting Kit-8 (CCK-8), cell cycle was assessed by flow cytometric analysis. Cell migration was determined by scratch-wound and Transwell chamber assays. The changes in mRNA expression levels of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PDH), transaldolase (TAL), sorbitol dehydrogenase (SORD), phosphoribosyl pyrophosphate synthetase 1 (PRPS1) and hexokinase 1 (HK1) were detected by RT-qPCR. siRNA-C at 50 nmol/l was selected for the subsequent experiments. Compared with the negative control, cell proliferation of the TKT-siRNA-C group was inhibited dramatically (CCK-8 24 h, 0.2984±0.0371 vs. 0.0952±0.0063; P<0.0001), the cell cycle was arrested at the G(1)/G(0) cell cycle phase (58±2.0% vs. 70±2.5%; P=0.002), and cell migration ability was decreased [wound size, 254.71±34.96 vs. 349.12±37.43 µm (P=0.0001); Transwell migration, 250±47.8/field vs. 150±49.0/field (P<0.0001)]. The mRNA expression levels of G6PDH, TAL, SORD, PRPS1 and HK1 were downregulated in the TKT-siRNA-C group compared with the negative control. The present study revealed that synthetic TKT-siRNA can inhibit A549 cell viability and migration, which may be due to arrest of the cell cycle and downregulation of relevant metabolic enzymes. FAU - Lu, Huan
Selection of reliable reference genes in eutopic and ectopic endometrium for quantitative expression studies.; PURPOSE: Physiological changes during menstrual cycle cause the endometrium and endometriosis to develop specific kind of tissues, especially in regard to the gene expression profiles, which may include also housekeeping genes, commonly used as reference genes (RGs) in quantitative studies. Reverse transcription, followed by quantitative polymerase chain reaction (RT-qPCR) is the most precise and commonly used method in gene expression studies. In order to reduce effects of technical approaches and biological variability of gene's expression level, the studies often employ RGs in experimental data normalization. However, the expression of RGs is not always stable and depends on several variables. Thus, the selection of appropriate RG is one of the most significant steps to obtain reliable results in RT-qPCR-based methods. MATERIAL AND METHODS: With the usage of RT-qPCR, we researched the expression of seven genes (ACTB, B2M, G6PD, GAPD, GUSB, HPRT and PPIA) as reliable reference genes in eutopic and ectopic endometrial tissue specimens obtained during standard surgery of women of reproductive age. Stability of expression level was analyzed by the most universal MS Excel plug-ins including: geNorm, NormFinder and BestKeeper. The descriptive statistics were evaluated using Statistica software. RESULTS: The distribution of threshold (Ct) values was not equal. We identified genes with higher expression level (referring to Ct values) such as ACTB and B2M, medium e.g., GAPD and low expression level, e.g., G6PD and HPRT. We demonstrated that the stability of the analyzed reference genes was not homogenous, and different algorithms pointed to PPIA, GAPD and B2M as the most stable ones in eutopic and ectopic endometrium. On the contrary to these, GUSB and G6PD were the most unstable ones. CONCLUSIONS: In RT-qPCR-based analyses of gene expression level in eutopic and ectopic endometrium, we strongly recommend that a minimum of two reference genes are to be used and we determined that the most suitable seem to be PPIA and GAPD.
Identification, expression and bioactivity of hexokinase in amphioxus: insights into evolution of vertebrate hexokinase genes.; Hexokinase family includes hexokinases I, II, III and IV, that catalyze the phosphorylation of glucose to produce glucose 6-phosphate. Hexokinase IV, also known as glucokinase, is only half size of the other types of hexokinases that contain two hexokinase domains. Despite the enormous progress in the study of hexokinases, the evolutionary relationship between glucokinase and other hexokinases is still uncertain, and the molecular processes leading to the emergence of hexokinases in vertebrates remain controversial. Here we clearly demonstrated the presence of a single hexokinase-like gene in the amphioxus Branchiostoma japonicum, Bjhk, which shows a tissue-specific expression pattern, with the most abundant expression in the hepatic caecum, testis and ovary. The phylogenetic and synteny analyses both reveal that BjHK is the archetype of vertebrate hexokinases IV, i.e. glucokinases. We also found for the first time that recombinant BjHK showed functional enzyme activity resembling vertebrate hexokinases I, II, III and IV. In addition, a native glucokinase activity was detected in the hepatic caecum. Finally, glucokinase activity in the hepatic caecum was markedly reduced by fasting, whereas it was considerably increased by feeding. Altogether, these suggest that Bjhk represents the archetype of glucokinases, from which vertebrate hexokinase gene family was evolved by gene duplication, and that the hepatic caecum plays a role in the control of glucose homeostasis in amphioxus, in favor of the notion that the hepatic caecum is a tissue homologous to liver.
Molecular identification of Gd A- and Gd B- G6PD deficient variants by ARMS-PCR in a Tunisian population.; Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency is the most common enzymopathy. More than 200 mutations in the G6PD gene have been described. In Tunisia, the A-African and the B-Mediterranean mutations predominate the mutational spectrum. The purpose of this study was to apply the amplification refractory mutation system (ARMS-PCR) to the identification of Gd A+, Gd A- and Gd B- variants in a cohort of deficient individuals and to establish a phenotype/genotype association. 90 subjects were screened for enzymatic deficiency by spectrophotometric assay. The molecular analyses were performed in a group of 50 unrelated patients. Of the 54 altered chromosomes examined, 60% had the Gd A- mutation, 18% showed the Gd B- mutation and in 20% of cases, no mutations have been identified. The ARMS-PCR showed complete concordance with the endonuclease cleavage reference method and agreed perfectly with previous Tunisian studies where Gd A- and Gd B- were the most encountered. Also, similarities in spectrum mutations with North African and Mediterranean countries suggest gene migration from Africa to Europe through Spain. In conclusion, ARMS has been introduced in this study for common G6PD alleles identification in Tunisia. It gives some advantages compared to the traditional endonuclease digestion method since it is more convenient and timesaving and also offers the possibility to be applied in mass screening surveys. FAU - Haloui, Sabrine
Validation of the rapid test Carestart(tm) G6PD among malaria vivax-infected subjects in the Brazilian Amazon.; INTRODUCTION: In the Brazilian Amazon, malaria infections are primarily caused by Plasmodium vivax. The only drug that kills the hypnozoite form of P. vivax is primaquine, thereby preventing relapse. However, treating glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD)-deficient individuals with primaquine can lead to severe hemolysis. G6PD deficiency (G6PDd) affects approximately 400 million people worldwide, most of whom live in malaria-endemic areas. Therefore, clinicians need tools that can easily and reliably identify individuals with G6PDd. This study estimated the accuracy of the Carestart(tm) G6PD rapid test (Access Bio) in the diagnosis of G6PDd in male participants with and without P. vivax acute malaria. METHODS: Male participants were recruited in Manaus. Malaria diagnosis was determined by thick blood smear. G6PD quantitative analysis was performed spectro photometrically at a wave length of 340nm. The Carestart(tm) G6PD test was performed using venous blood. Genotyping was performed for individuals whose samples had an enzyme activity less than 70% of the normal value. RESULTS: Six hundred and seventy-four male participants were included in this study, of whom 320 had a diagnosis of P. vivax malaria. In individuals with enzyme activity lower than 30% (n=13), the sensitivity, specificity, positive predictive value, and negative predictive value of the Carestart(tm) G6PD test were as follows: 61.5% (95%CI: 35.5%-82.3%), 98.3% (95%CI: 97.0%-99.1%), 42.1% (95%CI: 23.1%-63.7%), and 99.2% (95%CI: 98.2%-82.3%), 98.3% (95%CI: 97.0%-99.1%), 42.1% (95%CI: 23.1%-63.7%), and 99.2% (95%CI: 98.2%-99.7%), respectively. Increases in sensitivity were observed when increasing the cut-off value. CONCLUSIONS: Despite low sensitivity, Carestart(tm) G6PD remains a good alternative for rapid diagnosis of G6PDd in malaria-endemic regions. FAU - Brito, Marcelo Augusto Mota
Clinical Pharmacogenetics Implementation Consortium (CPIC) guidelines for rasburicase therapy in the context of G6PD deficiency genotype.; Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency is associated with development of acute hemolytic anemia (AHA) induced by a number of drugs. We provide guidance as to which G6PD genotypes are associated with G6PD deficiency in males and females. Rasburicase is contraindicated in G6PD-deficient patients due to the risk of AHA and possibly methemoglobinemia. Unless preemptive genotyping has established a positive diagnosis of G6PD deficiency, quantitative enzyme assay remains the mainstay of screening prior to rasburicase use. The purpose of this article is to help interpret the results of clinical G6PD genotype tests so that they can guide the use of rasburicase. Detailed guidelines on other aspects of the use of rasburicase, including analyses of cost-effectiveness, are beyond the scope of this document. Clinical Pharmacogenetics Implementation Consortium (CPIC) guidelines are published and updated periodically on https://www.pharmgkb.org/page/cpic to reflect new developments in the field. FAU - Relling, M V
Changes in red blood cell membrane structure in G6PD deficiency: an atomic force microscopy study.; BACKGROUND: Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency affects over 400 million people worldwide. The hemolytic anemia in G6PD deficiency is usually triggered by oxidative stress, but the mechanism remains uncertain. We have used atomic force microscopy for studying changes in red blood cell membrane and providing new insights on the mechanism. METHODS: G6PD activity assay and molecular genetic tests were used for molecular diagnosis. AFM was used to investigate alterations in the ultrastructure of G6PD deficient RBC membranes, the influence of different primaquine concentrations, and the protective effects of vitamin C. RESULT: Nine variants were identified from 33 G6PD deficient individuals. AFM imaging and quantitative analysis showed that G6PD deficient erythrocytes became heterogeneous and roughness measurements of erythrocyte membranes are increased. G6PD enzyme activity and different mutations may relate with roughness parameters. Furthermore, primaquine induces an increased roughness and height of erythrocyte membrane. Meanwhile, primaquine induces damages to erythrocytes which could be prevented by vitamin C treatment in normal RBCs but not in G6PD deficient erythrocytes. CONCLUSIONS: Our research may give valuable information about the status of G6PD deficient patients and explore the mechanism of hemolytic anemia.
The genetic control of immunity to Plasmodium infection.; BACKGROUND: Malaria remains a major worldwide public health problem with ~207 million cases and ~627,000 deaths per year, mainly affecting children under five years of age in Africa. Recent efforts at elaborating a genetic architecture of malaria have focused on severe malaria, leading to the identification of two new genes and confirmation of previously known variants in HBB, ABO and G6PD, by exploring the whole human genome in genome-wide association (GWA) studies. Molecular pathways controlling phenotypes representing effectiveness of host immunity, notably parasitemia and IgG levels, are of particular interest given the current lack of an efficacious vaccine and the need for new treatment options. RESULTS: We propose a global causal framework of malaria phenotypes implicating progression from the initial infection with Plasmodium spp. to the development of the infection through liver and blood-stage multiplication cycles (parasitemia as a quantitative trait), to clinical malaria attack, and finally to severe malaria. Genetic polymorphism may control any of these stages, such that preceding stages act as mediators of subsequent stages. A biomarker of humoral immunity, IgG levels, can also be integrated into the framework, potentially mediating the impact of polymorphism by limiting parasitemia levels. Current knowledge of the genetic basis of parasitemia levels and IgG levels is reviewed through key examples including the hemoglobinopathies, showing that the protective effect of HBB variants on malaria clinical phenotypes may partially be mediated through parasitemia and cytophilic IgG levels. Another example is the IgG receptor FcγRIIa, encoded by FCGR2A, such that H131 homozygotes displayed higher IgG2 levels and were protective against high parasitemia and onset of malaria symptoms as shown in a causal diagram. CONCLUSIONS: We thus underline the value of parasitemia and IgG levels as phenotypes in the understanding of the human genetic architecture of malaria, and the need for applying GWA approaches to these phenotypes. FAU - Grant, Audrey V
Real-time PCR assay for detection and quantification of Leishmania (Viannia) organisms in skin and mucosal lesions: exploratory study of parasite load and clinical parameters.; Earlier histopathology studies suggest that parasite loads may differ between cutaneous leishmaniasis (CL) and mucosal leishmaniasis (ML) lesions and between acute and chronic CL. Formal demonstration requires highly sensitive detection and accurate quantification of Leishmania in human lesional tissue. In this study, we developed a quantitative real-time PCR (qPCR) assay targeting minicircle kinetoplast DNA (kDNA) to detect and quantify Leishmania (Viannia) parasites. We evaluated a total of 156 lesion biopsy specimens from CL or ML suspected cases and compared the quantitative performance of our kDNA qPCR assay with that of a previously validated qPCR assay based on the glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) gene. We also examined the relationship between parasite load and clinical parameters. The kDNA qPCR sensitivity for Leishmania detection was 97.9%, and its specificity was 87.5%. The parasite loads quantified by kDNA qPCR and G6PD qPCR assays were highly correlated (r = 0.87; P < 0.0001), but the former showed higher sensitivity (P = 0.000). CL lesions had 10-fold-higher parasite loads than ML lesions (P = 0.009). Among CL patients, the parasite load was inversely correlated with disease duration (P = 0.004), but there was no difference in parasite load according to the parasite species, the patient's age, and number or area of lesions. Our findings confirm that CL and recent onset of disease (<3 months) are associated with a high parasite load. Our kDNA qPCR assay proved highly sensitive and accurate for the detection and quantification of Leishmania (Viannia) spp. in lesion biopsy specimens. It has potential application as a diagnostic and follow-up tool in American tegumentary leishmaniasis. FAU - Jara, Marlene
A Comparison of Three Quantitative Methods to Estimate G6PD Activity in the Chittagong Hill Tracts, Bangladesh.; BACKGROUND: Glucose-6-phosphate-dehydrogenase-deficiency (G6PDd) is a major risk factor for primaquine-induced haemolysis. There is a need for improved point-of-care and laboratory-based G6PD diagnostics to unsure safe use of primaquine. METHODS: G6PD activities of participants in a cross-sectional survey in Bangladesh were assessed using two novel quantitative assays, the modified WST-8 test and the CareStart™ G6PD Biosensor (Access Bio), The results were compared with a gold standard UV spectrophotometry assay (Randox). The handheld CareStart™ Hb instrument (Access Bio) is designed to be a companion instrument to the CareStart™ G6PD biosensor, and its performance was compared to the well-validated HemoCue™ method. All quantitative G6PD results were normalized with the HemoCue™ result. RESULTS: A total of 1002 individuals were enrolled. The adjusted male median (AMM) derived by spectrophotometry was 7.03 U/g Hb (interquartile range (IQR): 5.38-8.69), by WST-8 was 7.03 U/g Hb (IQR: 5.22-8.16) and by Biosensor was 8.61 U/g Hb (IQR: 6.71-10.08). The AMM between spectrophotometry and WST-8 did not differ (p = 1.0) but differed significantly between spectrophotometry and Biosensor (p<0.01). Both, WST-8 and Biosensor were correlated with spectrophotometry (rs = 0.5 and rs = 0.4, both p<0.001). The mean difference in G6PD activity was -0.12 U/g Hb (95% limit of agreement (95% LoA): -5.45 to 5.20) between spectrophotometry and WST-8 and -1.74U/g Hb (95% LoA: -7.63 to 4.23) between spectrophotometry and Biosensor. The WST-8 identified 55.1% (49/89) and the Biosensor 19.1% (17/89) of individuals with G6PD activity <30% by spectrophotometry. Areas under the ROC curve did not differ significantly for the WST-8 and Biosensor irrespective of the cut-off activity applied (all p>0.05). Sensitivity and specificity for detecting G6PD activity <30% was 0.55 (95% confidence interval (95%CI): 0.44-0.66) and 0.98 (95%CI: 0.97-0.99) respectively for the WST-8 and 0.19 (95%CI: 0.12-0.29) and 0.99 (95%CI: 0.98-0.99) respectively for the Biosensor. Hb concentrations measured by HemoCue™ and CareStart™ Hb were strongly correlated (rs = 0.8, p<0.001, mean difference = 0.09 g Hb/dL, 95% LoA: -2.15 to 2.34). CONCLUSION: WST-8 and the CareStart™ G6PD Biosensor represent advances in G6PD diagnostics in resource poor settings, but will require further development before clinical deployment. The CareStart™ Hb instrument produced a precise measure of haemoglobin concentration. FAU - Ley, Benedikt
Ultra-performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry-based multiplex enzyme assay for six enzymes associated with hereditary hemolytic anemia.; Deficiencies in erythrocyte metabolic enzymes are associated with hereditary hemolytic anemia. Here, we report the development of a novel multiplex enzyme assay for six major enzymes, namely glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase, pyruvate kinase, pyrimidine 5'-nucleotidase, hexokinase, triosephosphate isomerase, and adenosine deaminase, deficiencies in which are implicated in erythrocyte enzymopathies. To overcome the drawbacks of traditional spectrophotometric enzyme assays, the present assay was based on ultra-performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry (UPLC-MS/MS). The products of the six enzymes were directly measured by using ion pairing UPLC-MS/MS, and the precision, linearity, ion suppression, optimal sample amounts, and incubation times were evaluated. Eighty-three normal individuals and 13 patients with suspected enzymopathy were analyzed. The UPLC running time was within 5min. No ion suppression was observed at the retention time for the products or internal standards. We selected an optimal dilution factor and incubation time for each enzyme system. The intra- and inter-assay imprecision values (CVs) were 2.5-12.1% and 2.9-14.3%, respectively. The linearity of each system was good, with R(2) values >0.97. Patient samples showed consistently lower enzyme activities than those from normal individuals. The present ion paring UPLC-MS/MS assay enables facile and reproducible multiplex evaluation of the activity of enzymes implicated in enzymopathy-associated hemolytic anemia.
Performance of the CareStart™ G6PD deficiency screening test, a point-of-care diagnostic for primaquine therapy screening.; Development of reliable, easy-to-use, rapid diagnostic tests (RDTs) to detect glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency at point of care is essential to deploying primaquine therapies as part of malaria elimination strategies. We assessed a kit under research and development called CareStart™ G6PD deficiency screening test (Access Bio, New Jersey, USA) by comparing its performance to quantitative G6PD enzyme activity using a standardized spectrophotometric method ('gold standard'). Blood samples (n = 903) were collected from Cambodian adults living in Pailin province, western Cambodia. G6PD enzyme activities ranged from 0 to 20.5 U/g Hb (median 12.0 U/g Hg). Based on a normal haemoglobin concentration and wild-type G6PD gene, the normal values of G6PD enzymatic activity for this population was 3.6 to 20.5 U/g Hg (95(th) percentiles from 5.5 to 17.2 U/g Hg). Ninety-seven subjects (10.7%) had <3.6 U/g Hg and were classified as G6PD deficient. Prevalence of deficiency was 15.0% (64/425) among men and 6.9% (33/478) among women. Genotype was analyzed in 66 G6PD-deficient subjects and 63 of these exhibited findings consistent with Viangchang genotype. The sensitivity and specificity of the CareStart™ G6PD deficiency screening test was 0.68 and 1.0, respectively. Its detection threshold was <2.7 U/g Hg, well within the range of moderate and severe enzyme deficiencies. Thirteen subjects (1.4%, 12 males and 1 female) with G6PD enzyme activities <2 U/g Hg were falsely classified as "normal" by RDT. This experimental RDT test here evaluated outside of the laboratory for the first time shows real promise, but safe application of it will require lower rates of falsely "normal" results. FAU - Kim, Saorin
Label-free and non-contact optical biosensing of glucose with quantum dots.; We present a label-free, optical sensor for biomedical applications based on changes in the visible photoluminescence (PL) of quantum dots in a thin polymer film. Using glucose as the target molecule, the screening of UV excitation due to pre-absorption by the product of an enzymatic assay leads to quenching of the PL of quantum dots (QDs) in a non-contact scheme. The irradiance changes in QD PL indicate quantitatively the level of glucose present. The non-contact nature of the assay prevents surface degradation of the QDs, which yields an efficient, waste-free, cost-effective, portable, and sustainable biosensor with attractive market features. The limit of detection of the demonstrated biosensor is ~3.5 µm, which is competitive with existing contact-based bioassays. In addition, the biosensor operates over the entire clinically relevant range of glucose concentrations of biological fluids including urine and whole blood. The comparable results achieved across a range of cost-affordable detectors, including a spectrophotometer, portable spectrometer, and iPhone camera, suggest that label-free and visible quantification of glucose with QD films can be applied to low-cost, point-of-care biomedical sensing as well as scientific applications in the laboratory for characterizing glucose or other analytes.
ATM activates the pentose phosphate pathway promoting anti-oxidant defence and DNA repair.; Ataxia telangiectasia (A-T) is a human disease caused by ATM deficiency characterized among other symptoms by radiosensitivity, cancer, sterility, immunodeficiency and neurological defects. ATM controls several aspects of cell cycle and promotes repair of double strand breaks (DSBs). This probably accounts for most of A-T clinical manifestations. However, an impaired response to reactive oxygen species (ROS) might also contribute to A-T pathogenesis. Here, we show that ATM promotes an anti-oxidant response by regulating the pentose phosphate pathway (PPP). ATM activation induces glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) activity, the limiting enzyme of the PPP responsible for the production of NADPH, an essential anti-oxidant cofactor. ATM promotes Hsp27 phosphorylation and binding to G6PD, stimulating its activity. We also show that ATM-dependent PPP stimulation increases nucleotide production and that G6PD-deficient cells are impaired for DSB repair. These data suggest that ATM protects cells from ROS accumulation by stimulating NADPH production and promoting the synthesis of nucleotides required for the repair of DSBs. FAU - Cosentino, Claudia
Identification and Validation of Reference Genes and Their Impact on Normalized Gene Expression Studies across Cultivated and Wild Cicer Species.; Quantitative Real-Time PCR (qPCR) is a preferred and reliable method for accurate quantification of gene expression to understand precise gene functions. A total of 25 candidate reference genes including traditional and new generation reference genes were selected and evaluated in a diverse set of chickpea samples. The samples used in this study included nine chickpea genotypes (Cicer spp.) comprising of cultivated and wild species, six abiotic stress treatments (drought, salinity, high vapor pressure deficit, abscisic acid, cold and heat shock), and five diverse tissues (leaf, root, flower, seedlings and seed). The geNorm, NormFinder and RefFinder algorithms used to identify stably expressed genes in four sample sets revealed stable expression of UCP and G6PD genes across genotypes, while TIP41 and CAC were highly stable under abiotic stress conditions. While PP2A and ABCT genes were ranked as best for different tissues, ABCT, UCP and CAC were most stable across all samples. This study demonstrated the usefulness of new generation reference genes for more accurate qPCR based gene expression quantification in cultivated as well as wild chickpea species. Validation of the best reference genes was carried out by studying their impact on normalization of aquaporin genes PIP1;4 and TIP3;1, in three contrasting chickpea genotypes under high vapor pressure deficit (VPD) treatment. The chickpea TIP3;1 gene got significantly up regulated under high VPD conditions with higher relative expression in the drought susceptible genotype, confirming the suitability of the selected reference genes for expression analysis. This is the first comprehensive study on the stability of the new generation reference genes for qPCR studies in chickpea across species, different tissues and abiotic stresses. FAU - Reddy, Dumbala Srinivas
Direct detection of the acetate-forming activity of the enzyme acetate kinase. LID - 3474 [pii] LID - 10.3791/3474 [doi]; Acetate kinase, a member of the acetate and sugar kinase-Hsp70-actin (ASKHA) enzyme superfamily, is responsible for the reversible phosphorylation of acetate to acetyl phosphate utilizing ATP as a substrate. Acetate kinases are ubiquitous in the Bacteria, found in one genus of Archaea, and are also present in microbes of the Eukarya. The most well characterized acetate kinase is that from the methane-producing archaeon Methanosarcina thermophila. An acetate kinase which can only utilize PP(i) but not ATP in the acetyl phosphate-forming direction has been isolated from Entamoeba histolytica, the causative agent of amoebic dysentery, and has thus far only been found in this genus. In the direction of acetyl phosphate formation, acetate kinase activity is typically measured using the hydroxamate assay, first described by Lipmann, a coupled assay in which conversion of ATP to ADP is coupled to oxidation of NADH to NAD(+) by the enzymes pyruvate kinase and lactate dehydrogenase, or an assay measuring release of inorganic phosphate after reaction of the acetyl phosphate product with hydroxylamine. Activity in the opposite, acetate-forming direction is measured by coupling ATP formation from ADP to the reduction of NADP(+) to NADPH by the enzymes hexokinase and glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenase. Here we describe a method for the detection of acetate kinase activity in the direction of acetate formation that does not require coupling enzymes, but is instead based on direct determination of acetyl phosphate consumption. After the enzymatic reaction, remaining acetyl phosphate is converted to a ferric hydroxamate complex that can be measured spectrophotometrically, as for the hydroxamate assay. Thus, unlike the standard coupled assay for this direction that is dependent on the production of ATP from ADP, this direct assay can be used for acetate kinases that produce ATP or PP(i). FAU - Fowler, Matthew L
Functional proteomic discovery of Slr0110 as a central regulator of carbohydrate metabolism in Synechocystis species PCC6803.; The unicellular photosynthetic model-organism cyanobacterium Synechocystis sp. PCC6803 can grow photoautotrophically using CO2 or heterotrophically using glucose as the sole carbon source. Several pathways are involved in carbon metabolism in Synechocystis, and the concerted regulation of these pathways by numerous known and unknown genes is critical for the survival and growth of the organism. Here, we report that a hypothetical protein encoded by the open reading frame slr0110 is necessary for heterotrophic growth of Synechocystis. The slr0110-deletion mutant is defective in glucose uptake, heterotrophic growth, and dark viability without detectable defects in autotrophic growth, whereas the level of photosystem II and the rate of oxygen evolution are increased in the mutant. Quantitative proteomic analysis revealed that several proteins in glycolysis and the oxidative pentose phosphate pathway are down-regulated, whereas proteins in photosystem II and phycobilisome are significantly up-regulated, in the mutant. Among the down-regulated proteins are glucose transporter, glucokinase, glucose-6-phosphate isomerase, and glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase and its assembly protein OpcA, suggesting that glycolysis, oxidative pentose phosphate, and glycogen synthesis pathways are significantly inhibited in the mutant, which was further confirmed by enzymatic assays and quantification of glycogen content. These findings establish Slr0110 as a novel central regulator of carbon metabolism in Synechocystis, and shed light on an intricate mechanism whereby photosynthesis and carbon metabolism are well concerted to survive the crisis when one or more pathways of the system are impaired. FAU - Gao, Liyan
Prevalences of inherited red blood cell disorders in pregnant women of different ethnicities living along the Thailand-Myanmar border.; Background: Inherited red blood cell disorders are prevalent in populations living in malaria endemic areas; G6PD deficiency is associated with oxidant-induced haemolysis and abnormal haemoglobin variants may cause chronic anaemia. In pregnant women, microcytic anaemia caused by haemoglobinopathies mimics iron deficiency, complicating diagnosis and treatment. Anaemia during pregnancy is associated with morbidity and mortality. The aim of this study was to characterise the prevalence of G6PD deficiency and haemoglobinopathies  among the pregnant population living along the Thailand-Myanmar border. Pregnant women attending antenatal clinics in this area belong to several distinct ethnic groups. Methods: Data were available for 13,520 women attending antenatal care between July 2012 and September 2016. Screening for G6PD deficiency was done by fluorescent spot test routinely. G6PD genotyping and quantitative phenotyping by spectrophotometry were analysed in a subsample of women. Haemoglobin variants were diagnosed by HPLC or capillary electrophoresis and molecular methods. The prevalence and distribution of inherited red blood cell disorders was analysed with respect to ethnicity. Results: G6PD deficiency was common, especially in the Sgaw Karen ethnic group, in whom the G6PD Mahidol variant allele frequency was 20.7%. Quantitative G6PD phenotyping showed that 60.5% of heterozygous women had an intermediate enzymatic activity between 30% and 70% of the population median. HbE, beta-thalassaemia trait and Hb Constant Spring were found overall in 15.6% of women. Only 45.2% of women with low percentage of HbA (2) were carriers of mutations on the alpha globin genes. Conclusions: Distribution of G6PD and haemoglobin variants varied among the different ethnic groups, but the prevalence was generally high throughout the cohort. These findings encourage the implementation of an extended program of information and genetic counselling to women of reproductive age and will help inform future studies and current clinical management of anaemia in the pregnant population in this region. FAU - Bancone, Germana
Quantitative analysis of energy metabolic pathways in MCF-7 breast cancer cells by selected reaction monitoring assay.; To investigate the quantitative response of energy metabolic pathways in human MCF-7 breast cancer cells to hypoxia, glucose deprivation, and estradiol stimulation, we developed a targeted proteomics assay for accurate quantification of protein expression in glycolysis/gluconeogenesis, TCA cycle, and pentose phosphate pathways. Cell growth conditions were selected to roughly mimic the exposure of cells in the cancer tissue to the intermittent hypoxia, glucose deprivation, and hormonal stimulation. Targeted proteomics assay allowed for reproducible quantification of 76 proteins in four different growth conditions after 24 and 48 h of perturbation. Differential expression of a number of control and metabolic pathway proteins in response to the change of growth conditions was found. Elevated expression of the majority of glycolytic enzymes was observed in hypoxia. Cancer cells, as opposed to near-normal MCF-10A cells, exhibited significantly increased expression of key energy metabolic pathway enzymes (FBP1, IDH2, and G6PD) that are known to redirect cellular metabolism and increase carbon flux through the pentose phosphate pathway. Our quantitative proteomic protocol is based on a mass spectrometry-compatible acid-labile detergent and is described in detail. Optimized parameters of a multiplex selected reaction monitoring (SRM) assay for 76 proteins, 134 proteotypic peptides, and 401 transitions are included and can be downloaded and used with any SRM-compatible mass spectrometer. The presented workflow is an integrated tool for hypothesis-driven studies of mammalian cells as well as functional studies of proteins, and can greatly complement experimental methods in systems biology, metabolic engineering, and metabolic transformation of cancer cells. FAU - Drabovich, Andrei P
Markers of stem cells in human ovarian granulosa cells: is there a clinical significance in ART?; BACKGROUND: The purpose of the study was to determine the incidence of gene expression of Oct-4 and DAZL, which are typical markers for stem cells, in human granulosa cells during ovarian stimulation in women with normal FSH levels undergoing IVF or ICSI and to discover any clinical significance of such expression in ART. METHODS: Twenty one women underwent ovulation induction for IVF or ICSI and ET with standard GnRH analogue-recombinant FSH protocol. Infertility causes were male and tubal factor. Cumulus-mature oocyte complexes were denuded separately and granulosa cells were analyzed for each patient separately using quantitative reverse-transcription-polymerase chain reaction analysis for Oct-4 and DAZL gene expression with G6PD gene as internal standard. RESULTS: G6PD and Oct-4 mRNA was detected in the granulosa cells in 47.6% (10/21). The median of Oct-4 mRNA/G6PD mRNA was 1.75 with intra-quarteral range from 0.10 to 98.21. The OCT-4 mRNA expression was statistically significantly correlated with the number of oocytes retrieved; when the Oct-4 mRNA expression was higher, then more than six oocytes were retrieved (p=0.037, Wilcoxon rank-sum). No detection of DAZL mRNA was found in granulosa cells. There was no additional statistically significant correlation between the levels of Oct-4 expression and FSH basal levels or estradiol peak levels or dosage of FSH for ovulation induction. No association was found between the presence or absence of Oct-4 mRNA expression in granulosa cells and ovarian response to gonadotropin stimulation. Also, no influence on pregnancy was observed between the presence or absence of Oct-4 mRNA expression in granulosa cells or to its expression levels accordingly. CONCLUSIONS: Expression of OCT-4 mRNA, which is a typical stem cell marker and absence of expression of DAZL mRNA, which is a typical germ cell marker, suggest that a subpopulation of luteinized granulosa cells in healthy ovarian follicles (47.6%) consists of stem cells, which are not originated from primordial germ cells. Absence of Oct-4 gene expression in more than half of the cases means probably the end of the productive journey of these cells, towards the oocyte. FAU - Varras, Michail
Prevalence and molecular characterization of G6PD deficiency in two Plasmodium vivax endemic areas in Venezuela: predominance of the African A-(202A/376G) variant.; BACKGROUND: Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency causes acute haemolytic anaemia triggered by oxidative drugs such as primaquine (PQ), used for Plasmodium vivax malaria radical cure. However, in many endemic areas of vivax malaria, patients are treated with PQ without any evaluation of their G6PD status. METHODS: G6PD deficiency and its genetic heterogeneity were evaluated in northeastern and southeastern areas from Venezuela, Cajigal (Sucre state) and Sifontes (Bolívar state) municipalities, respectively. Blood samples from 664 randomly recruited unrelated individuals were screened for G6PD activity by a quantitative method. Mutation analysis for exons 4-8 of G6PD gen was performed on DNA isolated from G6PD-deficient (G6PDd) subjects through PCR-RFLP and direct DNA sequencing. RESULTS: Quantitative biochemical characterization revealed that overall 24 (3.6%) subjects were G6PDd (average G6PD enzyme activity 4.5 ± 1.2 U/g Hb, moderately deficient, class III), while DNA analysis showed one or two mutated alleles in 19 of them (79.2%). The G6PD A-(202A/376G) variant was the only detected in 17 (70.8%) individuals, 13 of them hemizygous males and four heterozygous females. Two males carried only the 376A → G mutation. No other mutation was found in the analysed exons. CONCLUSIONS: The G6PDd prevalence was as low as that one shown by nearby countries. This study contributes to the knowledge of the genetic background of Venezuelan population, especially of those living in malaria-endemic areas. Despite the high degree of genetic mixing described for Venezuelan population, a net predominance of the mild African G6PD A-(202A/376G) variant was observed among G6PDd subjects, suggesting a significant flow of G6PD genes from Africa to Americas, almost certainly introduced through African and/or Spanish immigrants during and after the colonization. The data suggest that 1:27 individuals of the studied population could be G6PDd and therefore at risk of haemolysis under precipitating factors. Information about PQ effect on G6PDd individuals carrying mild variant is limited, but since the regimen of 45 mg weekly dose for prevention of malaria relapse does not seem to be causing clinically significant haemolysis in people having the G6PD A-variant, a reasoned weighing of risk-benefit for its use in Venezuela should be done, when implementing public health strategies of control and elimination. FAU - Vizzi, Esmeralda
Associations between red cell polymorphisms and Plasmodium falciparum infection in the middle belt of Ghana.; BACKGROUND: Red blood cell (RBC) polymorphisms are common in malaria endemic regions and are known to protect against severe forms of the disease. Therefore, it is important to screen for these polymorphisms in drugs or vaccines efficacy trials. This study was undertaken to evaluate associations between clinical malaria and RBC polymorphisms to assess biological interactions that may be necessary for consideration when designing clinical trials. METHOD: In a cross-sectional study of 341 febrile children less than five years of age, associations between clinical malaria and common RBC polymorphisms including the sickle cell gene and G6PD deficiency was evaluated between November 2008 and June 2009 in the middle belt of Ghana, Kintampo. G6PD deficiency was determined by quantitative methods whiles haemoglobin variants were determined by haemoglobin titan gel electrophoresis. Blood smears were stained with Giemsa and parasite densities were determined microscopically. RESULTS: The prevalence of clinical malarial among the enrolled children was 31.9%. The frequency of G6PD deficiency was 19.0% and that for the haemoglobin variants were 74.7%, 14.7%, 9.1%, 0.9% respectively for HbAA, HbAC, HbAS and HbSS. In Multivariate regression analysis, children with the HbAS genotype had 79% lower risk of malaria infection compared to those with the HbAA genotypes (OR = 0.21, 95% CI: 0.06-0.73, p = 0.01). HbAC genotype was not significantly associated with malaria infection relative to the HbAA genotype (OR = 0.70, 95% CI: 0.35-1.42, p = 0.33). G6PD deficient subgroup had a marginally increased risk of malaria infection compared to the G6PD normal subgroup (OR = 1.76, 95% CI: 0.98-3.16, p = 0.06). CONCLUSION: These results confirm previous findings showing a protective effect of sickle cell trait on clinical malaria infection. However, G6PD deficiency was associated with a marginal increase in susceptibility to clinical malaria compared to children without G6PD deficiency. FAU - Amoako, Nicholas
Stress response in silver catfish (Rhamdia quelen) exposed to the essential oil of Hesperozygis ringens.; This study investigated the effects of prolonged exposure of silver catfish (Rhamdia quelen) to the essential oil (EO) of Hesperozygis ringens. Ventilatory rate (VR), stress and metabolic indicators, energy enzyme activities, and mRNA expression of adenohypophyseal hormones were examined in specimens that were exposed for 6 h to 0 (control), 30 or 50 µL L(-1) EO of H. ringens in water. Reduction in VR was observed in response to each treatment, but no differences were found between treatments. Plasma glucose, protein, and osmolality increased in fish exposed to 50 µL L(-1). Moreover, lactate levels increased after exposure to both EO concentrations. Plasma cortisol levels were not changed by EO exposure. Fish exposed to 30 µL L(-1) EO exhibited higher glycerol-3-phosphate dehydrogenase (G3PDH) activity, while exposure to 50 µL L(-1) EO elicited an increase in glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PDH), fructose-biphosphatase (FBP), and 3-hydroxyacyl-CoA-dehydrogenase (HOAD) activities compared with the control group. Expression of growth hormone (GH) only decreased in fish exposed to 50 µL L(-1) EO, while somatolactin (SL) expression decreased in fish exposed to both concentrations of EO. Exposure to EO did not change prolactin expression. The results indicate that GH and SL are associated with energy reorganization in silver catfish. Fish were only slightly affected by 30 µL L(-1) EO of H. ringens, suggesting that it could be used in practices where a reduction in the movement of fish for prolonged periods is beneficial, i.e., such as during fish transportation. FAU - Toni, Cândida
Co-ordinated stage-dependent enhancement of Plasmodium falciparum antioxidant enzymes and heat shock protein expression in parasites growing in oxidatively stressed or G6PD-deficient red blood cells.; BACKGROUND: Plasmodium falciparum-parasitized red blood cells (RBCs) are equipped with protective antioxidant enzymes and heat shock proteins (HSPs). The latter are only considered to protect against thermal stress. Important issues are poorly explored: first, it is insufficiently known how both systems are expressed in relation to the parasite developmental stage; secondly, it is unknown whether P. falciparum HSPs are redox-responsive, in view of redox sensitivity of HSP in eukaryotic cells; thirdly, it is poorly known how the antioxidant defense machinery would respond to increased oxidative stress or inhibited antioxidant defense. Those issues are interesting as several antimalarials increase the oxidative stress or block antioxidant defense in the parasitized RBC. In addition, numerous inhibitors of HSPs are currently developed for cancer therapy and might be tested as anti-malarials. Thus, the joint disruption of the parasite antioxidant enzymes/HSP system would interfere with parasite growth and open new perspectives for anti-malaria therapy. METHODS: Stage-dependent mRNA expression of ten representative P. falciparum antioxidant enzymes and hsp60/70-2/70-3/75/90 was studied by quantitative real-time RT-PCR in parasites growing in normal RBCs, in RBCs oxidatively-stressed by moderate H2O2 generation and in G6PD-deficient RBCs. Protein expression of antioxidant enzymes was assayed by Western blotting. The pentosephosphate-pathway flux was measured in isolated parasites after Sendai-virus lysis of RBC membrane. RESULTS: In parasites growing in normal RBCs, mRNA expression of antioxidant enzymes and HSPs displayed co-ordinated stage-dependent modulation, being low at ring, highest at early trophozoite and again very low at schizont stage. Additional exogenous oxidative stress or growth in antioxidant blunted G6PD-deficient RBCs indicated remarkable flexibility of both systems, manifested by enhanced, co-ordinated mRNA expression of antioxidant enzymes and HSPs. Protein expression of antioxidant enzymes was also increased in oxidatively-stressed trophozoites. CONCLUSION: Results indicated that mRNA expression of parasite antioxidant enzymes and HSPs was co-ordinated and stage-dependent. Secondly, both systems were redox-responsive and showed remarkably increased and co-ordinated expression in oxidatively-stressed parasites and in parasites growing in antioxidant blunted G6PD-deficient RBCs. Lastly, as important anti-malarials either increase oxidant stress or impair antioxidant defense, results may encourage the inclusion of anti-HSP molecules in anti-malarial combined drugs. FAU - Akide-Ndunge, Oscar Bate
A new regulatory principle for in vivo biochemistry: pleiotropic low affinity regulation by the adenine nucleotides--illustrated for the glycolytic enzymes of Saccharomyces cerevisiae.; Enzymology tends to focus on highly specific effects of substrates, allosteric modifiers, and products occurring at low concentrations, because these are most informative about the enzyme's catalytic mechanism. We hypothesized that at relatively high in vivo concentrations, important molecular monitors of the state of living cells, such as ATP, affect multiple enzymes of the former and that these interactions have gone unnoticed in enzymology. We test this hypothesis in terms of the effect that ATP, ADP, and AMP might have on the major free-energy delivering pathway of the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae. Assaying cell-free extracts, we collected a comprehensive set of quantitative kinetic data concerning the enzymes of the glycolytic and the ethanol fermentation pathways. We determined systematically the extent to which the enzyme activities depend on the concentrations of the adenine nucleotides. We found that the effects of the adenine nucleotides on enzymes catalysing reactions in which they are not directly involved as substrate or product, are substantial. This includes effects on the Michaelis-Menten constants, adding new perspective on these, 100 years after their introduction.
Potential utility of melatonin as an antioxidant therapy in the management of sickle cell anemia.; This study aimed to assess antioxidant effects of melatonin treatment compared to N-acetylcysteine (NAC) and to their combination in a sickle cell suspension. Sickle erythrocytes were suspended in phosphate-buffered saline, pH 7.4, composing external control group. They were also suspended and incubated at 37°C either in the absence (experimental control group) or in the presence of NAC, melatonin and their combination at concentrations of 100 pm, 100 nm and 100 μm for 1 hr (treatment groups). The melatonin influences were evaluated by spectrophotometric [hemolysis degree, catalase (CAT), glutathione S-transferase (GST), glutathione peroxidase (GPx), glutathione reductase (GR), glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PDH), and superoxide dismutase (SOD) activities] and chromatographic methods [glutathione (GSH) and malondialdehyde (MDA) levels]. Incubation period was able to cause a rise about 64% on hemolysis degree as well as practically doubled the lipid peroxidation levels (P < 0.01). However, almost all antioxidants tested treatments neutralized this incubation effect observed in MDA levels. Among the antioxidant biomarkers evaluated, we observed a modulating effect of combined treatment on GPx and SOD activities (P < 0.01), which showed ~25% decrease in their activities. In addition, we found an antioxidant dose-dependent effect for melatonin on lipid peroxidation (r = -0.29; P = 0.03) and for combined antioxidant treatments also on MDA levels (r = -0.37; P = 0.01) and on SOD activity (r = -0.54; P < 0.01). Hence, these findings contribute with important insight that melatonin individually or in combination with NAC may be useful for sickle cell anemia management.
Sexual dimorphism in the early embryogenesis of the chicken (Gallus Gallus domesticus).; Studies of dioecious animals suggest that sex-specific development occurs from the onset of embryogenesis. This must be accounted for when addressing issues involving sex-ratio regulation in domestic animals and conservation biology. We investigated the occurrence of growth-rate sexual dimorphism in 84 chicken embryos incubated for 30 hr and nucleic-acid abundance in 99 embryos incubated for 4 hr. Comparative expression of the genes engaged in cell-cycle regulation (16 genes), embryo growth (10 genes), metabolic activity (2 genes), and epigenetic regulation (4 genes) in 4-hr male and female embryos were further analyzed by reverse-trancriptase quantitative PCR. At the stage when somite structure commences, males are growing faster than females. DNA and RNA yields at 4 hr are elevated in males compared to females, and most cell-proliferation-promoting genes are overexpressed in males. Expression of key metabolic genes (G6PD and HPRT) and the principal genes responsible for DNA methylation (DNMTs), however, does not differ between the sexes. These data suggest that the faster growth of early male embryos is conserved among mammalian and bird phyla, and may have an evolutionary importance.
High-starch diets induce precocious adipogenic gene network up-regulation in longissimus lumborum of early-weaned Angus cattle.; Adipocyte differentiation is probably controlled by transcriptional and post-transcriptional regulation. Longissimus lumborum from Angus steers (aged 155 d; seven animals per diet) fed high-starch or low-starch diets for 112 d (growing phase) followed by a common high-starch diet for an additional 112 d (finishing phase) was biopsied at 0, 56, 112 and 224 d for transcript profiling via quantitative PCR of twenty genes associated with adipogenesis and energy metabolism. At 56 d steers fed high starch had greater expression of PPARgamma as well as the lipogenic enzymes ATP citrate lyase (ACLY), glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD), fatty acid synthase (FASN), fatty acid binding protein 4 (FABP4), stearoyl-CoA desaturase (SCD), glycerol-3-phosphate acyltransferase, mitochondrial (GPAM), and diacylglycerol O-acyltransferase homologue 2 (DGAT2), and the adipokine adiponectin (ADIPOQ). Expression of insulin-induced gene 1 (INSIG1) was also greater with high starch at 56 d. Steers fed low starch experienced a marked increase in FASN, FABP4, SCD, DGAT2 and thyroid hormone-responsive (SPOT14 homologue, rat) (THRSP) between 56 and 112 d of feeding. A greater expression of the transcription factors sterol regulatory element-binding transcription factor 1 (SREBF1) and MLX interacting protein-like (MLXIPL) was observed at 224 d in steers fed high starch, suggesting a nutritional imprinting effect. Carryover effects of low starch feeding were discerned by greater expression at 224 d of THRSP, FABP4, SCD and DGAT2. These steers also had greater PPARgamma at 224 d. Despite these responses, low starch led to greater expression at 224 d of nuclear receptor subfamily 2, group F, member 2 (NR2F2), a known repressor of rodent adipocyte differentiation through its negative effects on PPARgamma, ADIPOQ and FABP4. Results suggested that early exposure to high starch induced precocious intramuscular adipocyte proliferation and metabolic imprinting of lipogenic transcription regulators. Low starch might have blunted the PPARgamma-driven adipogenic response through up-regulation of NR2F2 but the endogenous ligand for this nuclear receptor remains unknown. FAU - Graugnard, Daniel E
Parental discussion of G6PD deficiency and child health: implications for clinical practice.; OBJECTIVE: Parents are encouraged to discuss self-care with children affected by G6PD deficiency; however, little is known about the extent or impact of these discussions on the physical and psychosocial health of these children. The purpose of this study was to examine the nature of parental-child discussions of G6PD deficiency self-care and their relationship to child health. METHODS: A quantitative cross-sectional survey of 178 Taiwanese parents of children with G6PD deficiency was conducted. The extent of parental-child self-care discussions was assessed in regards to coverage of nine key topics. Parent's G6PD deficiency status, knowledge of haemolytic anaemia symptoms and reported G6PD deficiency education from providers were examined as correlates of parental discussion. Child health was assessed with the child health questionnaire-parent form (Chinese version) and a 13-item haemolytic anaemia symptom list. RESULTS: Self-care discussions were positively correlated with parental G6PD deficiency status (β=2.08, p=0.03), accurate identification of haemolytic anaemia symptoms (β=0.18, p=0.01), the thoroughness and clarity of patient education (β=0.14, p<0.001) and child age (β=1.04, p<0.001). Among children reported to have experienced significant symptoms of acute haemolytic anaemia (35%), the extent of self-care discussions was positively associated with reported physical and psychosocial child health (β=1.18, p<0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Parental-child G6PD deficiency self-care discussions are associated with better child health, and parental involvement in these discussions is facilitated by the thoroughness and clarity of patient education received from providers. FAU - Guan, Yue
[Clinical evaluation of a melting curve analysis-based PCR assay for glucose phosphate dehydrogenase gene mutation detection].; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the clinical value of multicolor melting curve analysis(MMCA) for detecting genetic mutations in G6PD deficiency. METHODS: A total of 402 peripheral blood samples(256 males and 146 females) were collected from suspected patients or their relatives at the Prenatal Diagnosis Center of Liuzhou Maternal and Child Health Hospital between March 2012 and May 2012. The samples were screened by G6PD/6PGD quantitative ratio testing. The reliability of the assay was evaluated by multiplex probe melting curve assay(which can detect 16 G6PD mutations) and DNA sequencing through a double blind study. RESULTS: One hundred seventy cases with G6PD/6PGD ratio < 1.0 and 232 cases with G6PD/6PGD ratio ≥ 1.0 were detected by the enzymological method. DNA sequencing has identified 182 wild type samples, 151 hemizygous mutation samples, 5 female homozygous mutation samples, 54 female heterozygous mutation samples and 10 female double heterozygous mutation samples. Multicolor melting curve analysis has detected 185 wild type samples, 148 hemizygous mutation samples, 5 female homozygous mutation samples, 55 female heterozygous mutation samples and 9 female double heterozygous mutation samples. The specificity and sensitivity of G6PD gene mutation detection by multicolor melting curve analysis were 100%(182/182) and 98.6%(217/220), respectively. The positive predictive value and negative predictive value were 99.5%(216/217) and 98.4%(182/185), respectively, and the Youden's index was 0.986. The concordance rate of the sample detection between the melting curve assay and DNA sequencing was 99.0%(398/402). Twenty-one different genotypes were detected by the multicolor melting curve analysis and 24 different genotypes were detected by DNA sequencing. Four samples containing mutations(c.196T>A or c.406C>T) were not detected by multicolor melting curve analysis, which can be attributed to different technical settings of the two methods. CONCLUSION: Multicolor melting curve analysis for G6PD gene mutation detection is a simple, rapid, sensitive and specific method, which can be used for clinical diagnosis of G6PD deficiency. FAU - Yan, Tizhen
Cycling of NADPH by glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenase optimizes the spectrophotometric assay of nitric oxide synthase activity in cell lysates.; The measurement of nitric oxide synthase activity in cell lysates is often performed by radiochemical assay that quantifies the conversion of L-[3H]arginine to L-[3H]citrulline. We have developed a spectrophotometric procedure which continuously recycles NADPH through the addition of glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenase to the cell lysate. This allows nitric oxide synthase to operate linearly for hours, so that nitric oxide-derived nitrite accumulates at amounts sufficient to be detected with the Griess assay. The incorporation of cycling of NADPH also improves the radiochemical assay for nitric oxide synthase activity. FAU - Ghigo, Dario
[Expression of g6pd gene in wild type zebrafish embryos of early development].; OBJECTIVE: : To observe the expression of g6pd gene in the early development stage of wild zebrafish embryos. METHODS: : The collinearity of g6pd gene and the sequence similarity of G6pd protein were analyzed with gene database and BLAST software, respectively. Expression of g6pd gene in different development stages of zebrafish embryos was detected by in situ hybridization. The g6pd-EGFP-pCS(2+) recombinant plasmids were microinjected into zebrafish embryos, and fluorescence was observed under a fluorescence microscope. The expression of G6pd protein at 24, 48 and 72 hour post fertilization (hpf) zebrafish embryos was detected by Western blotting; the enzyme activity of G6pd at 24, 48 and 72 hpf zebrafish embryos was detected by modified G6pd quantitative ratio method. RESULTS: : The G6pd protein similarity of zebrafish and human was 88%, and that of zebrafish and mouse was 87%. The results of in situ hybridization showed that the g6pd gene was mainly expressed in the hematopoietic tissues of zebrafish; the results observed after microinjection of g6pd-EGFP-pCS(2+) recombinant plasmid were consistent with the results of in situ hybridization. At 24, 48 and 72 hpf, the relative expression levels of G6pd protein in zebrafish embryos were 1.44±0.03, 1.47±0.05, and 1.54±0.02, respectively(P>0.05); the G6pd enzyme activity levels were 1.74±0.17, 1.75±0.12, 1.71±0.22, respectively (P>0.05). CONCLUSIONS: : The study has observed the expression of g6pd gene and G6pd protein, and G6pd enzyme activity in zebrafish embryos at different development phases, which provides a reference for the establishment of a zebrafish G6PD deficiency model. FAU - Xia, Haixiong
Effects of some drugs on hepatic glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenase activity in Lake Van fish (Chalcalburnus tarischii Pallas, 1811).; Inhibitory effects of some drugs on hepatic glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenase from Lake Van fish (chalcalburnus tarischii pallas, 1811) were investigated. For this purpose, initially liver glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenase was purified 899-fold in a yield of 46.24% by using 2',5'-ADP Sepharose 4B affinity gel. In order to control the purification of enzyme was done SDS polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis. SDS polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis showed a single band for enzyme. A constant temperature (+4 degrees C) was maintained during the purification process. Enzyme activity was determined with the Beutler method by using a spectrophotometer at 340 nm. Vankomycine, sulfanylamide, sulfanylacetamide, nidazole, ciprofloxacin, amoxicillin and KMnO(4) were used as drugs. These drugs exhibited inhibitory effects on the enzyme. IC(50) values of vankomycine, sulfanylamide, sulfanylacetamide, nidazole, ciprofloxacin, amoxicillin and KMnO(4) were 1.88, 0.037, 0.032, 1.178, 2.26, 643.5 and 0.0002 mM, and the K(i) constants 1.18+/-0.148, 0.119+/-0.021, 0.075+/-0.015, 1.15+/-0.21, 7.69+/-0.67, 1007+/-69, and 0.001+/-0.00022 mM, respectively. While vankomycine and nidazole showed competitive inhibition, others displayed noncompetitive inhibition. K(i) constants and IC(50) values for drugs were determined by Lineweaver-Burk graphs and plotting activity percentage versus [I], respectively. FAU - Ciftci, Mehmet
G6PD deficiency at Sumba in Eastern Indonesia is prevalent, diverse and severe: implications for primaquine therapy against relapsing Vivax malaria.; Safe treatment of Plasmodium vivax requires diagnosis of both the infection and status of erythrocytic glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) activity because hypnozoitocidal therapy against relapse requires primaquine, which causes a mild to severe acute hemolytic anemia in G6PD deficient patients. Many national malaria control programs recommend primaquine therapy without G6PD screening but with monitoring due to a broad lack of G6PD deficiency screening capacity. The degree of risk in doing so hinges upon the level of residual G6PD activity among the variants present in any given area. We conducted studies on Sumba Island in eastern Indonesia in order to assess the potential threat posed by primaquine therapy without G6PD screening. We sampled 2,033 residents of three separate districts in western Sumba for quantitative G6PD activity and 104 (5.1%) were phenotypically deficient (<4.6U/gHb; median normal 10U/gHb). The villages were in two distinct ecosystems, coastal and inland. A positive correlation occurred between the prevalence of malaria and G6PD deficiency: 5.9% coastal versus inland 0.2% for malaria (P<0.001), and 6.7% and 3.1% for G6PD deficiency (P<0.001) at coastal and inland sites, respectively. The dominant genotypes of G6PD deficiency were Vanua Lava, Viangchan, and Chatham, accounting for 98.5% of the 70 samples genotyped. Subjects expressing the dominant genotypes all had less than 10% of normal enzyme activities and were thus considered severe variants. Blind administration of anti-relapse primaquine therapy at Sumba would likely impose risk of serious harm. FAU - Satyagraha, Ari Winasti
Biochemical and molecular modulation of CCl(4)-induced peripheral and central damage by Tilia americana var. mexicanaextracts.; Around the world, species from the genus Tilia are commonly used because of their peripheral and central medicinal effects; they are prepared as teas and used as tranquilizing, anticonvulsant, and analgesic agents. In this study, we provide evidence of the protective effects of organic and aqueous extracts (100 mg/kg, i.p.) obtained from the leaves of Tilia americana var. mexicana on CCl(4)-induced liver and brain damage in the rat. Protection was observed in the liver and brain (cerebellum, cortex and cerebral hemispheres) by measuring the activity of antioxidant enzymes and levels of malondialdehyde (MDA) using spectrophotometric methods. Biochemical parameters were also assessed in serum samples from the CCl(4)-treated rats. The T. americana var. mexicana leaf extracts provided significant protection against CCl(4)-induced peripheral and central damage by increasing the activity of antioxidant enzymes, diminishing lipid peroxidation, and preventing alterations in biochemical serum parameters, such as the levels of aspartate aminotransferase (AST), alanine aminotransferase (ALT), alkaline phosphatase (ALP), γ-globulin (γ-GLOB), serum albumin (ALB), total bilirubin (BB), creatinine (CREA) and creatine kinase (CK), relative to the control group. Additionally, we correlated gene expression with antioxidant activity in the experimental groups treated with the organic and aqueous Tilia extracts and observed a non-statistically significant positive correlation. Our results provide evidence of the underlying biomedical properties of T. americana var. mexicana that confer its neuro- and hepatoprotective effects. FAU - Coballase-Urrutia, Elvia
Improved quantitative method for G6PD deficiency detection.; Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency is a common hereditary enzyme defect that affects over 400 million people worldwide. Deficiency in G6PD can cause hemolytic anemia, which can be fatal if it is not treated properly. Mass qualitative G6PD-deficiency screening methods have been available for some time; however, in this study we developed the first high-throughput quantitative method for measuring G6PD activity. A patient's blood can be analyzed directly from the original collection tubes on a Hitachi P modular serum work area (SWA), which dramatically reduces the analysis time and the cost of the assay. The results presented here may enable the development of other improved, automated assays of whole-blood samples.
Interaction of storage carbohydrates and other cyclic fluxes with central metabolism: A quantitative approach by non-stationary (13)C metabolic flux analysis.; (13)C labeling experiments in aerobic glucose limited cultures of Saccharomyces cerevisiae at four different growth rates (0.054; 0.101, 0.207, 0.307 h(-1)) are used for calculating fluxes that include intracellular cycles (e.g., storage carbohydrate cycles, exchange fluxes with amino acids), which are rearranged depending on the growth rate. At low growth rates the impact of the storage carbohydrate recycle is relatively more significant than at high growth rates due to a higher concentration of these materials in the cell (up to 560-fold) and higher fluxes relative to the glucose uptake rate (up to 16%). Experimental observations suggest that glucose can be exported to the extracellular space, and that its source is related to storage carbohydrates, most likely via the export and subsequent extracellular breakdown of trehalose. This hypothesis is strongly supported by (13)C-labeling experimental data, measured extracellular trehalose, and the corresponding flux estimations. FAU - Suarez-Mendez, C A
Effects of aging on antioxidant response and phagocytosis in senescent erythrocytes.; Red blood cell (RBC) aging is a complex process affected by immunological and biochemical parameters. In this work we studied the antioxidant response in RBC of different ages. We also investigated their interaction with peripheral blood monocytes. Anticoagulated blood samples from 19 O RhD+ volunteers' donors were processed. Young (Y) RBC and Senescent (Se) RBC were obtained by self-formed gradients of Percoll. The fractionation of the erythrocytes suspensions was demonstrated by statistically significant density-related changes in hematological determinations. Activities of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD), of soluble NADH-cytochrome b5 reductase (b5Rs) and membrane-bound b5R (b5Rm) were determined spectrophotometrically. The interaction between monocytes and different RBC suspensions was evaluated by the erythrophagocytosis assay. The G6PD and b5Rm activities in SeRBC were significantly lower than that observed in YRBC. No differences were found in the b5Rs of both groups. We observed an increased rate of erythrophagocytosis the SeRBC compared to YRBC. The decline in the activities of G6PD and b5Rm would indicate a decrease in the antioxidant response associated to RBC aging. These findings would signify that the oxidative changes of membrane occurring during the life span of the RBC might be relevant in the process of removal of SeRBC from the circulation. FAU - Brajovich, Melina Luján
Variant G6PD levels promote tumor cell proliferation or apoptosis via the STAT3/5 pathway in the human melanoma xenograft mouse model.; BACKGROUND: Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD), elevated in tumor cells, catalyzes the first reaction in the pentose-phosphate pathway. The regulation mechanism of G6PD and pathological change in human melanoma growth remains unknown. METHODS: HEM (human epidermal melanocyte) cells and human melanoma cells with the wild-type G6PD gene (A375-WT), G6PD deficiency (A375-G6PD∆), G6PD cDNA overexpression (A375-G6PD∆-G6PD-WT), and mutant G6PD cDNA (A375-G6PD∆-G6PD-G487A) were subcutaneously injected into 5 groups of nude mice. Expressions of G6PD, STAT3, STAT5, cell cycle-related proteins, and apoptotic proteins as well as mechanistic exploration of STAT3/STAT5 were determined by quantitative real-time PCR (qRT-PCR), immunohistochemistry and western blot. RESULTS: Delayed formation and slowed growth were apparent in A375-G6PD∆ cells, compared to A375-WT cells. Significantly decreased G6PD expression and activity were observed in tumor tissues induced by A375-G6PD∆, along with down-regulated cell cycle proteins cyclin D1, cyclin E, p53, and S100A4. Apoptosis-inhibited factors Bcl-2 and Bcl-xl were up-regulated; however, apoptosis factor Fas was down-regulated, compared to A375-WT cells. Moderate protein expressions were observed in A375-G6PD∆-G6PD-WT and A375-G6PD∆-G6PD-G487A cells. CONCLUSIONS: G6PD may regulate apoptosis and expression of cell cycle-related proteins through phosphorylation of transcription factors STAT3 and STAT5, thus mediating formation and growth of human melanoma cells. Further study will, however, be required to determine potential clinical applications. FAU - Hu, Tao
Frequent alteration of the protein synthesis of enzymes for glucose metabolism in hepatocellular carcinomas.; BACKGROUND: Cancer cells show enhanced glycolysis and inhibition of oxidative phosphorylation, even in the presence of sufficient oxygen (aerobic glycolysis). Glycolysis is much less efficient for energy production than oxidative phosphorylation, and the reason why cancer cells selectively use glycolysis remains unclear. METHODS: Biospecimens were collected from 45 hepatocellular carcinoma patients. Protein samples were prepared through subcellular localization or whole-cell lysis. Protein synthesis was measured by SDS-PAGE and immunoblotting. mRNA transcription was measured using quantitative RT-PCR. Statistical correlation among immunoblotting data and clinicolaboratory factors were analyzed using SPSS. RESULTS: Enzymes for oxidative phosphorylation (SDHA and SDHB) were frequently decreased (56 and 48 % of patients, respectively) in hepatocellular carcinomas. The lowered amount of the SDH protein complex was rarely accompanied by stabilization of HIF1α and subsequent activation of the hypoxia response. On the other hand, protein synthesis of G6PD and TKT, enzymes critical for pentose phosphate pathway (PPP), was increased (in 45 and 55 % of patients, respectively), while that of ALDOA, an enzyme for mainstream glycolysis, was eliminated (in 55 % of patients). Alteration of protein synthesis was correlated with gene expression for G6PD and TKT, but not for TKTL1, ALDOA, SDHA or SDHB. Augmented transcription and synthesis of PPP enzymes were accompanied by nuclear accumulation of NRF2. CONCLUSION: Hepatocellular carcinomas divert glucose metabolism to the anabolic shunt by activating transcription factor NRF2. FAU - Shimizu, Takayuki
HIV-1 Vpr modulates macrophage metabolic pathways: a SILAC-based quantitative analysis.; Human immunodeficiency virus type 1 encoded viral protein Vpr is essential for infection of macrophages by HIV-1. Furthermore, these macrophages are resistant to cell death and are viral reservoir. However, the impact of Vpr on the macrophage proteome is yet to be comprehended. The goal of the present study was to use a stable-isotope labeling by amino acids in cell culture (SILAC) coupled with mass spectrometry-based proteomics approach to characterize the Vpr response in macrophages. Cultured human monocytic cells, U937, were differentiated into macrophages and transduced with adenovirus construct harboring the Vpr gene. More than 600 proteins were quantified in SILAC coupled with LC-MS/MS approach, among which 136 were significantly altered upon Vpr overexpression in macrophages. Quantified proteins were selected and clustered by biological functions, pathway and network analysis using Ingenuity computational pathway analysis. The proteomic data illustrating increase in abundance of enzymes in the glycolytic pathway (pentose phosphate and pyruvate metabolism) was further validated by western blot analysis. In addition, the proteomic data demonstrate down regulation of some key mitochondrial enzymes such as glutamate dehydrogenase 2 (GLUD2), adenylate kinase 2 (AK2) and transketolase (TKT). Based on these observations we postulate that HIV-1 hijacks the macrophage glucose metabolism pathway via the Vpr-hypoxia inducible factor 1 alpha (HIF-1 alpha) axis to induce expression of hexokinase (HK), glucose-6-phosphate dehyrogenase (G6PD) and pyruvate kinase muscle type 2 (PKM2) that facilitates viral replication and biogenesis, and long-term survival of macrophages. Furthermore, dysregulation of mitochondrial glutamate metabolism in macrophages can contribute to neurodegeneration via neuroexcitotoxic mechanisms in the context of NeuroAIDS. FAU - Barrero, Carlos A
Glucose uptake and its effect on gene expression in prochlorococcus.; The marine cyanobacteria Prochlorococcus have been considered photoautotrophic microorganisms, although the utilization of exogenous sugars has never been specifically addressed in them. We studied glucose uptake in different high irradiance- and low irradiance-adapted Prochlorococcus strains, as well as the effect of glucose addition on the expression of several glucose-related genes. Glucose uptake was measured by adding radiolabelled glucose to Prochlorococcus cultures, followed by flow cytometry coupled with cell sorting in order to separate Prochlorococcus cells from bacterial contaminants. Sorted cells were recovered by filtration and their radioactivity measured. The expression, after glucose addition, of several genes (involved in glucose metabolism, and in nitrogen assimilation and its regulation) was determined in the low irradiance-adapted Prochlorococcus SS120 strain by semi-quantitative real time RT-PCR, using the rnpB gene as internal control. Our results demonstrate for the first time that the Prochlorococcus strains studied in this work take up glucose at significant rates even at concentrations close to those found in the oceans, and also exclude the possibility of this uptake being carried out by eventual bacterial contaminants, since only Prochlorococcus cells were used for radioactivity measurements. Besides, we show that the expression of a number of genes involved in glucose utilization (namely zwf, gnd and dld, encoding glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase, 6-phosphogluconate dehydrogenase and lactate dehydrogenase, respectively) is strongly increased upon glucose addition to cultures of the SS120 strain. This fact, taken together with the magnitude of the glucose uptake, clearly indicates the physiological importance of the phenomenon. Given the significant contribution of Prochlorococcus to the global primary production, these findings have strong implications for the understanding of the phytoplankton role in the carbon cycle in nature. Besides, the ability of assimilating carbon molecules could provide additional hints to comprehend the ecological success of Prochlorococcus. FAU - Gómez-Baena, Guadalupe
A vegetable-induced hemolytic crisis in a G6PD deficient person: a case report.; BACKGROUND: Hemolysis can occur in people with G6PD deficiency under oxidative stress. Acalypha indica is a tropical plant used as a medicinal plant as well as a vegetable. There are a few reported cases of Acalypha indica ingestion induced hemolysis in G6PD deficient people. All except one of them are from Sri Lanka. The information available at present (2017) about G6PD deficiency prevalence and variants of the G6PD gene among Sri Lankans is very sparse. There are no past reports on hemolytic crisis in a G6PD deficient person presenting mimicking leptospirosis. CASE PRESENTATION: A middle-aged Sri Lankan man presented on the third day of illness complaining of fever, head ache, arthralgia, myalgia, abdominal pain, vomiting, passing dark urine and reduced of urine volume. He gave a history of possible exposure to leptospirosis. He was pale, icteric and his liver was palpable 1 cm below costal margin and there were no other remarkable findings upon physical examination. He had neutrophilic leucocytosis. Leptospirosis was diagnosed. During the second assessment we noticed he was very pale and his urine sample pointed towards hemoglobinuria. Further questioning revealed he had consumed leaves of Acalypha indica as a vegetable. Acute hemolysis in a G6PD deficient patient following Acalypha indica ingestion was diagnosed. Blood transfusions were given to correct his anemia. Later, Brewer's test and quantitative assay of G6PD levels confirmed the diagnosis of G6PD deficiency. CONCLUSIONS: A hemolytic crisis following oxidative stresses in G6PD deficient patients can present mimicking leptospirosis. Further investigations may reveal why the great majority of cases of acute hemolysis in G6PD deficient person following Acalypha indica ingestion are from Sri Lanka. FAU - Ehelepola, N D B
Flaxseed Protects Against Diabetes-Induced Glucotoxicity by Modulating Pentose Phosphate Pathway and Glutathione-Dependent Enzyme Activities in Rats.; This study investigated the effects of flaxseed (Linum usitatissimum L.) intake on general metabolism, pentose phosphate pathway (PPP) and glutathione-dependent enzymes in diabetic rats. Diabetes was induced by streptozotocin injection (40 mg/kg, i.p.) and the enzyme activities were determined spectrophotometrically. Diabetic and control rats were divided in two subgroups, one untreated, and one treated with flaxseed (0.714 g/kg body weight/day; orally) for 12 weeks. Flaxseed ameliorated decreased body weight (p < .05) and increased blood glucose (p < .001), triglyceride (p < .001), ALT (p < .001) and AST (p < .001) in diabetic rats. Diabetes resulted in increased glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) (p < .05) and decreased glutathione-S-transferase (GST) (p < .01), but unchanged 6-phosphogluconate dehydrogenase (6PGD) and glutathione reductase (GR) in the brain of rats. These alterations were partially improved by flaxseed in comparison to diabetic untreated group (p < .05). G6PD, 6PGD, GR were elevated (p < .001), while GST unchanged in the lung of diabetic untreated group compared to control. Flaxseed partially prevented the increase in 6PGD (p < .05) and GR (p < .01), but unaffected G6PD in the lung of diabetic rats. G6PD (p < .001), 6PGD (p < .05), GR (p < .001) were augmented, while GST showed a significant (p < .001) depletion in the pancreas of diabetic untreated rats compared to control. Diabetic alterations observed in pancreatic enzyme activities were significantly prevented by flaxseed. Furthermore, a remarkable decrease in 6PGD (p < .001) and an increase in G6PD (threefold of control) were found in the lens of diabetic untreated group that were completely prevented by flaxseed (p < .001). Flaxseed has beneficial effects against diabetes-induced glucotoxicity by modulating G6PD, 6PGD, GR and GST activities in tissues. FAU - Gök, Müslüm
Quantitative mRNA expression in ovine blastocysts produced from X- and Y-chromosome bearing sperm, both in vitro and in vivo.; Artificial insemination (AI) of sex-sorted sperm results in decreased fertility, compared with non-sorted sperm, in most species. However, this has not been the case in sheep, where the low-dose AI of sex-sorted ram sperm produced similar, if not superior, fertility to non-sorted controls. The aim of the present study was to determine the impact of sex-sorting technology on ovine embryo gene expression following embryo production in vivo and in vitro. After semen collection, ejaculates were split and either sex-sorted by flow cytometry and frozen, or diluted and frozen. Embryos were produced in vivo by inseminating superovulated ewes with either X- or Y-chromosome enriched sperm, or non-sorted control sperm, and collected by uterine flushing on Day 6 after AI. Embryos were produced in vitro using the same sperm treatments and cultured in vitro for 6 d. The relative abundance of selected gene transcripts was measured in high-grade blastocysts, defined by morphological assessment, using RT-qPCR. The mRNA expression of DNMT3A and SUV39H1 was upregulated in embryos cultured in vitro, compared to those cultured in vivo (DNMT3A: 3.61 ± 1.08 vs 1.99 ± 0.15; SUV39H1: 1.88 ± 0.11 vs 0.88 ± 0.07; mean ± SEM; P < 0.05). Both G6PD and SLC2A3 transcripts were reduced in embryos produced from sex-sorted sperm, in vivo (SLC2A3: 0.23 ± 0.03 vs 0.64 ± 0.10; G6PD: 0.32 ± 0.04 vs 1.01 ± 0.16; P < 0.05). The expression of DNMT3A was up-regulated in male (3.85 ± 0.31), compared to female embryos (2.34 ± 0.15; P < 0.05). This study contributes to the growing body of evidence citing aberrant patterns of gene expression resulting from in vitro culture. Whereas the process of sex-sorting altered the expression of several of the genes examined, no effect on embryo development was detected.
An improved method to measure nitrate/nitrite with an NO-selective electrochemical sensor.; Nitric oxide (NO) produced from NO synthase(s) (NOS) is an important cell signaling molecule in physiology and pathophysiology. It remains challenging, however, to measure NO accurately and reproducibly in many cell types producing relatively low levels of NO from the enzymes such as endothelial NO synthase (eNOS). In the present study, we describe a very sensitive and convenient analytical method that affords measurement of 1 to 2 nM concentration of NO(x) (nitrite plus nitrate) in culture media. In the present study, we used an ultra-sensitive NO-selective electrochemical sensor (AmiNO700) in combination with a highly efficient nitrate conversion method, which coupled the nitrate reductase step with the glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase system. An aliquot of conditioned culture media was first treated with nitrate reductase, NADPH, glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase and glucose-6-phosphate to convert nitrate to nitrite quantitatively. The nitrite (that is present originally plus the reduced nitrate) was then reduced to equimolar NO in an acidic iodide bath while NO was being detected by the sensor. With this analytical method, we can quantitatively and reliably measure basal and stimulated NO release from cultured endothelial cells. We believe this improved assay should be useful in measuring a wide range of NO levels, especially the low but physiologically relevant levels, in many cell types. FAU - Boo, Yong Chool
Field trial evaluation of the performances of point-of-care tests for screening G6PD deficiency in Cambodia.; BACKGROUND: User-friendly, accurate, point-of-care rapid tests to detect glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency (G6PDd) are urgently needed at peripheral level to safely recommend primaquine for malaria elimination. METHODS: The CareStart G6PD RDT (AccessBio, New Jersey, USA), a novel rapid diagnostic test and the most commonly used test, the fluorescent spot test (FST) were assessed against the quantitatively measured G6PD enzyme activity for detecting G6PDd. Subjects were healthy males and non-pregnant females aged 18 years or older residing in six villages in Pailin Province, western Cambodia. FINDINGS: Of the 938 subjects recruited, 74 (7.9%) were severe and moderately severe G6PD deficient (enzyme activity <30%), mostly in male population; population median G6PD activity was 12.0 UI/g Hb. The performances of the CareStart G6PD RDT and the FST, according to different cut-off values used to define G6PDd were very similar. For the detection of severe and moderately severe G6PDd (enzyme activity < 30%, < 3.6 UI/g Hb) in males and females, sensitivity and negative (normal status) predictive value were 100% for both point-of-care tools. When the G6PDd cut-off value increased (from < 40% to < 60%), the sensitivity for both PoCs decreased: 93.3% to 71.7% (CareStart G6PD RDT, p = 10(-6)) and 95.5% to 73.2% (FST, p = 10(-6)) while the specificity for both PoCs remained similar: 97.4% to 98.3% (CareStart G6PD RDT, p = 0.23) and 98.7% to 99.6% (FST, p = 0.06). The cut-off values for classifying individuals as normal were 4.0 UI/g Hb and 4.3 UI/g Hb for the CareStart G6PD RDT and the FST, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: The CareStart G6PD RDT reliably detected moderate and severe G6PD deficient individuals (enzyme activity <30%), suggesting that this novel point-of-care is a promising tool for tailoring appropriate primaquine treatment for malaria elimination by excluding individuals with severe G6PDd for primaquine treatment. FAU - Roca-Feltrer, Arantxa
Validation of reference genes for quantitative real-time PCR in Périgord black truffle (Tuber melanosporum) developmental stages.; The symbiotic fungus Tuber melanosporum Vittad. (Périgord black truffle) belongs to the Ascomycota and forms mutualistic symbiosis with tree and shrub roots. This truffle has a high value in a global market and is cultivated in many countries of both hemispheres. The publication of the T. melanosporum genome has given researchers unique opportunities to learn more about the biology of the fungus. Real-time quantitative PCR (qRT-PCR) is a definitive technique for quantitating differences in transcriptional gene expression levels between samples. To facilitate gene expression studies and obtain more accurate qRT-PCR data, normalization relative to stable housekeeping genes is required. These housekeeping genes must show stable expression under given experimental conditions for the qRT-PCR results to be accurate. Unfortunately, there are no studies on the stability of housekeeping genes used in T. melanosporum development. In this study, we present a morphological and microscopical classification of the developmental stages of T. melanosporum fruit body, and investigate the expression levels of 12 candidate reference genes (18S rRNA; 5.8S rRNA; Elongation factor 1-alpha; Elongation factor 1-beta; α-tubulin; 60S ribosomal protein L29; β-tubulin; 40S ribosomal protein S1; 40S ribosomal protein S3; Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase; β-actin; Ubiquitin-conjugating enzyme). To evaluate the suitability of these genes as endogenous controls, five software-based approaches and one web-based comprehensive tool (RefFinder) were used to analyze and rank the tested genes. We demonstrate here that the 18S rRNA gene shows the most stable expression during T. melanosporum development and that a set of three genes, 18S rRNA, Elongation factor 1-alpha and 40S ribosomal protein S3, is the most suitable to normalize qRT-PCR data from all the analyzed developmental stages; conversely, 18S rRNA, Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase and Elongation factor 1-alpha are the most suitable genes for fruiting body developmental stages.
Antiviral effect of epigallocatechin gallate on enterovirus 71.; Oxidative stress is known to be a determinant of a host's susceptibility to pathogens. Natural compounds with antioxidant activity may provide a preventive measure against infection. Tea polyphenols were evaluated for their ability to inhibit enterovirus 71 (EV71) replication in Vero cell culture. Among the polyphenolic compounds tested, epigallocatechin gallate (EGCG) and gallocatechin gallate (GCG) potently inhibited replication of EV71. EGCG and GCG reduced the titer of infectious progeny virus by 95%. Quantitative RT-PCR analysis also revealed that EGCG suppressed replication of genomic RNA. It was accompanied by an increased cytoprotective effect. EGCG and GCG caused 5-fold increase in the viability of EV71-infected cells. The viral inhibitory effect correlated well with the antioxidant capacity of polyphenol. Mechanistically, EV71 infection led to increased oxidative stress, as shown by increased dichlorofluorescein and MitoSOX Red fluorescence. Upon EGCG treatment, reactive oxygen species (ROS) generation was significantly reduced. Consistent with this, EV71 replication was enhanced in glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficient cells, and such enhancement was largely reversed by EGCG. These findings suggest that EGCG may suppress viral replication via modulation of cellular redox milieu. FAU - Ho, Hung-Yao
Comparison of Three Screening Test Kits for G6PD Enzyme Deficiency: Implications for Its Use in the Radical Cure of Vivax Malaria in Remote and Resource-Poor Areas in the Philippines.; OBJECTIVE: We evaluated a battery of Glucose-6-Phosphate Dehydrogenase diagnostic point-of-care tests (PoC) to assess the most suitable product in terms of performance and operational characteristics for remote areas. METHODS: Samples were collected in Puerto Princesa City, Palawan, Philippines and tested for G6PD deficiency with a fluorescent spot test (FST; Procedure 203, Trinity Biotech, Ireland), the semiquantitative WST8/1-methoxy PMS (WST; Dojindo, Japan) and the Carestart G6PD Rapid Diagnostic Test (CSG; AccessBio, USA). Results were compared to spectrophotometry (Procedure 345, Trinity Biotech, Ireland). Sensitivity and specificity were calculated for each test with cut-off activities of 10%, 20%, 30% and 60% of the adjusted male median. RESULTS: The adjusted male median was 270.5 IU/10(12) RBC. FST and WST were tested on 621 capillary blood samples, the CSG was tested on venous and capillary blood on 302 samples. At 30% G6PD activity, sensitivity for the FST was between 87.7% (95%CI: 76.8% to 93.9%) and 96.5% (95%CI: 87.9% to 99.5%) depending on definition of intermediate results; the WST was 84.2% (95%CI: 72.1% to 92.5%); and the CSG was between 68.8% (95%CI: 41.3% to 89.0%) and 93.8% (95%CI: 69.8% to 99.8%) when the test was performed on capillary or venous blood respectively. Sensitivity of FST and CSG (tested with venous blood) were comparable (p>0.05). The analysis of venous blood samples by the CSG yielded significantly higher results than FST and CSG performed on capillary blood (p<0.05). Sensitivity of the CSG varied depending on source of blood used (p<0.05). CONCLUSION: The operational characteristics of the CSG were superior to all other test formats. Performance and operational characteristics of the CSG performed on venous blood suggest the test to be a good alternative to the FST. FAU - Espino, Fe Esperanza
Toward high-throughput screening of NAD(P)-dependent oxidoreductases using boron-doped diamond microelectrodes and microfluidic devices.; Although oxidoreductases are widely used in many applications, such as biosensors and biofuel cells, improvements in the function of existing oxidoreductases or the discovery of novel oxidoreductases with greater activities is desired. To increase the activity of oxidoreductases by directed evolution, a powerful screening technique for oxidoreductases is required. In this study, we demonstrate the utility of boron-doped diamond (BDD) microelectrodes for quantitative and potentially high-throughput measurement of the activity of NAD(P)-dependent oxidoreductases. We first confirmed that BDD microelectrodes can quantify the activity of low concentrations (10-100 pM) of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase and alcohol dehydrogenase with a measuring time of 1 ms per sample. In addition, we found that poisoning of BDD microelectrodes can be repressed by optimizing the pH and by adding l-arginine to the enzyme solution as an antiaggregation agent. Finally, we fabricated a microfluidic device containing a BDD electrode for the first time and observed the elevation of the oxidation current of NADH with increasing flow rate. These results imply that the combination of a BDD microelectrode and microfluidics can be used for high-throughput screening of an oxidoreductase library containing a large number (>10(6)) of samples, each with a small (nanoliter) sample volume. FAU - Oyobiki, Ryo
The Gametocytocidal Efficacy of Different Single Doses of Primaquine with Dihydroartemisinin-piperaquine in Asymptomatic Parasite Carriers in The Gambia: A Randomized Controlled Trial.; BACKGROUND: Asymptomatic low-density gametocyte carriers represent the majority of malaria-infected individuals. However, the impact of recommended treatment with single low dose of primaquine and an artemisinin-based combination therapy to reduce transmission in this group is unknown. METHODS: This was a four-arm, open label, randomized controlled trial comparing the effect of dihydroartemisinin-piperaquine (DHAP) alone or combined with single dose of primaquine (PQ) at 0.20mg/kg, 0.40mg/kg, or 0.75mg/kg on Plasmodium falciparum gametocytaemia, infectiousness to mosquitoes and hemoglobin change in asymptomatic, malaria-infected, glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) normal individuals. Randomization was done using a computer-generated sequence of uneven block sizes with codes concealed in sequentially numbered opaque envelopes. The primary endpoint was the prevalence of P. falciparum gametocytemia at day 7 of follow-up determined by quantitative nucleic acid sequence based assay and analysis was by intention to treat. The trial has been concluded (registration number: NCT01838902; https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT01838902). RESULTS: A total of 694 asymptomatic, malaria-infected individuals were enrolled. Gametocyte prevalence at day 7 was 37.0% (54/146; 95% CI 29.2-45.4), 19.0% (27/142; 95% CI 12.9-26.4), 17.2% (25/145; 95% CI 11.0-23.5) and 10.6% (15/141; 95% CI 6.1-16.9) in the DHAP alone, 0.20mg/kg, 0.40mg/kg, and 0.75mg/kg PQ arms, respectively. The main adverse events reported include headache (130/471, 27.6%), cough (73/471, 15.5%), history of fever (61/471, 13.0%) and abdominal pain (57/471, 12.1%). There were five serious adverse events however, none was related to the interventions. INTERPRETATION: A single course of PQ significantly reduces gametocyte carriage in malaria-infected asymptomatic, G6PD-normal individuals without increasing the risk of clinical anemia. The limited number of successful mosquito infections suggests that post-treatment transmission potential in this asymptomatic population is low.
Proteome-wide light/dark modulation of thiol oxidation in cyanobacteria revealed by quantitative site-specific redox proteomics.; Reversible protein thiol oxidation is an essential regulatory mechanism of photosynthesis, metabolism, and gene expression in photosynthetic organisms. Herein, we present proteome-wide quantitative and site-specific profiling of in vivo thiol oxidation modulated by light/dark in the cyanobacterium Synechocystis sp. PCC 6803, an oxygenic photosynthetic prokaryote, using a resin-assisted thiol enrichment approach. Our proteomic approach integrates resin-assisted enrichment with isobaric tandem mass tag labeling to enable site-specific and quantitative measurements of reversibly oxidized thiols. The redox dynamics of ∼2,100 Cys-sites from 1,060 proteins under light, dark, and 3-(3,4-dichlorophenyl)-1,1-dimethylurea (a photosystem II inhibitor) conditions were quantified. In addition to relative quantification, the stoichiometry or percentage of oxidation (reversibly oxidized/total thiols) for ∼1,350 Cys-sites was also quantified. The overall results revealed broad changes in thiol oxidation in many key biological processes, including photosynthetic electron transport, carbon fixation, and glycolysis. Moreover, the redox sensitivity along with the stoichiometric data enabled prediction of potential functional Cys-sites for proteins of interest. The functional significance of redox-sensitive Cys-sites in NADP-dependent glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase, peroxiredoxin (AhpC/TSA family protein Sll1621), and glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenase was further confirmed with site-specific mutagenesis and biochemical studies. Together, our findings provide significant insights into the broad redox regulation of photosynthetic organisms.
Lipid synthesis is promoted by hypoxic adipocyte-derived exosomes in 3T3-L1 cells.; Hypoxia occurs within adipose tissues as a result of adipocyte hypertrophy and is associated with adipocyte dysfunction in obesity. Here, we examined whether hypoxia affects the characteristics of adipocyte-derived exosomes. Exosomes are nanovesicles secreted from most cell types as an information carrier between donor and recipient cells, containing a variety of proteins as well as genetic materials. Cultured differentiated 3T3-L1 adipocytes were exposed to hypoxic conditions and the protein content of the exosomes produced from these cells was compared by quantitative proteomic analysis. A total of 231 proteins were identified in the adipocyte-derived exosomes. Some of these proteins showed altered expression levels under hypoxic conditions. These results were confirmed by immunoblot analysis. Especially, hypoxic adipocyte-released exosomes were enriched in enzymes related to de novo lipogenesis such as acetyl-CoA carboxylase, glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase, and fatty acid synthase (FASN). The total amount of proteins secreted from exosomes increased by 3-4-fold under hypoxic conditions. Moreover, hypoxia-derived exosomes promoted lipid accumulation in recipient 3T3-L1 adipocytes, compared with those produced under normoxic conditions. FASN levels were increased in undifferentiated 3T3-L1 cells treated with FASN-containing hypoxic adipocytes-derived exosomes. This is a study to characterize the proteomic profiles of adipocyte-derived exosomes. Exosomal proteins derived from hypoxic adipocytes may affect lipogenic activity in neighboring preadipocytes and adipocytes.
Rheological properties of erythrocytes in patients infected with Clostridium difficile.; INTRODUCTION: Clostridium difficile infection (CDI) is a bacterial infection of the digestive tract. Acute infections are accompanied by increased risk for venous thromboembolism (VTE). To date, there have been no studies of the rheological properties of blood during the course of digestive tract infections. The aim of our study was to examine the effects of CDI on red blood cell (RBC) rheology, specifically RBC deformability, RBC aggregation, and plasma viscosity. In addition, the activity of glucose 6 phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) and acetylcholinesterase (AChE) in RBC was studied. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Our study group included 20 patients with CDI, 20 healthy persons comprised the control group. We examined the effects of CDI on the rheology of RBCs, their deformability and aggregation, using a Laser-assisted Optical Rotational Cell Analyzer (LORCA). Plasma viscosity was determined using a capillary tube plasma viscosymeter. Moreover, we estimated the activity of AChE and G6PD in RBC using spectrophotometric method. RESULTS: A statistically significant increase was found in the aggregation index, viscosity and activity of G6PD whereas the amount of time to reach half of maximum aggregation (t½) and the amplitude of aggregation (AMP) both showed statistically significantly decreases among patients with CDI compared to the control group. We also observed that the Elongation Index (EI) was decreased when shear stress values were low, between 0.3 Pa and 0.58 Pa, whereas EI was increased for shear stress in the range of 1.13-59.97 Pa. These observations were statistically significant. CONCLUSIONS: We report for the first time that acute infection of the gastrointestinal tract with Clostridium difficile is associated with abnormalities in rheological properties of blood, increased serum viscosity as well as increased aggregation of RBCs, which correlated with severity of inflammation. These abnormalities may be an additional mechanism causing increased incidence of VTE in CDI. FAU - Czepiel, Jacek
Performance evaluation of enzyme immunoassay for voriconazole therapeutic drug monitoring with automated clinical chemistry analyzers.; OBJECTIVE: Voriconazole is a triazole antifungal developed for the treatment of fungal infectious disease, and the clinical utility of its therapeutic drug monitoring has been evaluated. Recently, a new assay for analyzing the serum voriconazole concentration with an automated clinical chemistry analyzer was developed. We evaluated the performance of the new assay based on standardized protocols. METHODS: The analytical performance of the assay was evaluated according to its precision, trueness by recovery, limit of quantitation, linearity, and correlation with results from liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS). The evaluation was performed with the same protocol on two different routine chemistry analyzers. All evaluations were performed according to CLSI Guidelines EP15, EP17, EP6, and EP9 [1-4]. RESULTS: Coefficients of variation for within-run and between-day imprecision were 3.2-5.1% and 1.5-3.0%, respectively, on the two different analyzers for pooled serum samples. The recovery rates were in the range of 95.4-102.2%. The limit of blank was 0.0049 μg/mL, and the limit of detection of the samples was 0.0266-0.0376 μg/mL. The percent recovery at three LoQ levels were 67.9-74.6% for 0.50 μg/mL, 75.5-80.2% for 0.60 μg/mL, and 89.9-96.6% for 0.70 μg/mL. A linear relationship was demonstrated between 0.5 μg/mL and 16.0 μg/mL (R(2) =0.9995-0.9998). The assay correlated well with LC-MS/MS results (R(2) =0.9739-0.9828). CONCLUSIONS: The assay showed acceptable precision, trueness, linearity, and limit of quantification, and correlated well with LC-MS/MS. Therefore, its analytical performance is satisfactory for monitoring the drug concentration of voriconazole. FAU - Jeon, Yongbum
The impact of hydroxycitric acid on the lipid metabolism profile under experimental insulin resistance syndrome of Syrian hamsters.; The syndrome of insulin resistance (IR) is one of the leading reasons for the increased risk of cardiovascular diseases and their complications. Among the key components of IR are obesity and dyslipidemia. Hydroxycitric acid (HCA), an inhibitor of a key enzyme of lipogenesis ATP citrate lyase (ACLY) is a promising obesity treatment agent. The aim of this work was to investigate the effect of HCA on lipid and lipoproteins content in the blood serum, as well as lipid content and activity of some lipid metabolism enzymes in the liver of hamsters with IR. IR was modeled by keeping animals on high-fat diet with addition of fructose. Lipid content was determined by using standard reagent kits, the level of lipoproteins, the activity of glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenase and ACLY – spectrophotometrically, lysosomal lipase activity – fluorimetrically. Development of hyperlipidemia and atherogenic dyslipidemia, lipid accumulation in the liver, activation of lysosomal lipase and ACLY and reduction of glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenase activity were shown under IR. The treatment by HCA reduces the manifestations of hyperlipidemia, but enhances the lipid accumulation in the liver. FAU - Zagayko, A L
Genomic architecture at the Incontinentia Pigmenti locus favours de novo pathological alleles through different mechanisms.; IKBKG/NEMO gene mutations cause an X-linked, dominant neuroectodermal disorder named Incontinentia Pigmenti (IP). Located at Xq28, IKBKG/NEMO has a unique genomic organization, as it is part of a segmental duplication or low copy repeat (LCR1-LCR2, >99% identical) containing the gene and its pseudogene copy (IKBKGP). In the opposite direction and outside LCR1, IKBKG/NEMO partially overlaps G6PD, whose mutations cause a common X-linked human enzymopathy. The two LCRs in the IKBKG/NEMO locus are able to recombine through non-allelic homologous recombination producing either a pathological recurrent exon 4-10 IKBKG/NEMO deletion (IKBKGdel) or benign small copy number variations. We here report that the local high frequency of micro/macro-homologies, tandem repeats and repeat/repetitive sequences make the IKBKG/NEMO locus susceptible to novel pathological IP alterations. Indeed, we describe the first two independent instances of inter-locus gene conversion, occurring between the two LCRs, that copies the IKBKGP pseudogene variants into the functional IKBKG/NEMO, causing the de novo occurrence of p.Glu390ArgfsX61 and the IKBKGdel mutations, respectively. Subsequently, by investigating a group of 20 molecularly unsolved IP subjects using a high-density quantitative polymerase chain reaction assay, we have identified seven unique de novo deletions varying from 4.8 to ∼115 kb in length. Each deletion removes partially or completely both IKBKG/NEMO and the overlapping G6PD, thereby uncovering the first deletions disrupting the G6PD gene which were found in patients with IP. Interestingly, the 4.8 kb deletion removes the conserved bidirectional promoterB, shared by the two overlapping IKBKG/NEMO and G6PD genes, leaving intact the alternative IKBKG/NEMO unidirectional promoterA. This promoter, although active in the keratinocytes of the basal dermal layer, is down-regulated during late differentiation. Genomic analysis at the breakpoint sites indicated that other mutational forces, such as non-homologous end joining, Alu-Alu-mediated recombination and replication-based events, might enhance the vulnerability of the IP locus to produce de novo pathological IP alleles. FAU - Fusco, Francesca
Evaluation of the diagnostic accuracy of CareStart G6PD deficiency Rapid Diagnostic Test (RDT) in a malaria endemic area in Ghana, Africa.; BACKGROUND: Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency is the most widespread enzyme defect that can result in red cell breakdown under oxidative stress when exposed to certain medicines including antimalarials. We evaluated the diagnostic accuracy of CareStart G6PD deficiency Rapid Diagnostic Test (RDT) as a point-of-care tool for screening G6PD deficiency. METHODS: A cross-sectional study was conducted among 206 randomly selected and consented participants from a group with known G6PD deficiency status between February 2013 and June 2013. A maximum of 1.6ml of capillary blood samples were used for G6PD deficiency screening using CareStart G6PD RDT and Trinity qualitative with Trinity quantitative methods as the "gold standard". Samples were also screened for the presence of malaria parasites. Data entry and analysis were done using Microsoft Access 2010 and Stata Software version 12. Kintampo Health Research Centre Institutional Ethics Committee granted ethical approval. RESULTS: The sensitivity (SE) and specificity (SP) of CareStart G6PD deficiency RDT was 100% and 72.1% compared to Trinity quantitative method respectively and was 98.9% and 96.2% compared to Trinity qualitative method. Malaria infection status had no significant (P=0.199) change on the performance of the G6PD RDT test kit compared to the "gold standard". CONCLUSIONS: The outcome of this study suggests that the diagnostic performance of the CareStart G6PD deficiency RDT kit was high and it is acceptable at determining the G6PD deficiency status in a high malaria endemic area in Ghana. The RDT kit presents as an attractive tool for point-of-care G6PD deficiency for rapid testing in areas with high temperatures and less expertise. The CareStart G6PD deficiency RDT kit could be used to screen malaria patients before administration of the fixed dose primaquine with artemisinin-based combination therapy. FAU - Adu-Gyasi, Dennis
Altered mRNA expression patterns in bovine blastocysts after fertilisation in vitro using flow-cytometrically sex-sorted sperm.; Sperm-sexing has been used to produce embryos and offspring of a pre-determined sex in a number of species. However, the fertility of sex-sorted sperm is reduced and the full effects of sperm-sexing remain to be elucidated. The purpose of the present study was to investigate the potential effects of sex-sorted sperm on mRNA expression patterns of developmentally important genes employing in vitro produced bovine embryos. Bovine embryos were produced in vitro with unsorted and sex-sorted sperm and mRNA expression patterns were determined for glucose-3 transporter (Glut-3), glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD), X-inactive specific transcript (X-ist) and Heat shock protein 70.1 (Hsp) using semi-quantitative endpoint reverse transcriptase-PCR in male and female, day-7 and 8 embryos. The relative abundance (RA) of Glut-3 was higher for day-7 male than female embryos, and day-7 embryos derived from unsorted compared with sex-sorted sperm. The RA of G6PD was higher for embryos derived from unsorted than sex-sorted sperm, and for day-8 female compared with male embryos. The RA of Xist was higher for female than male embryos, and for day-7 female embryos derived from unsorted than sex-sorted sperm. Hsp RA was higher for female compared with male embryos, was similar for day-7 and 8 embryos, and unsorted and sex-sorted sperm derived embryos. These results demonstrate differential expression of developmentally important genes between male and female embryos, and embryos derived from unsorted and sex-sorted sperm. FAU - Morton, K M
The gametocytocidal efficacy of primaquine in malaria asymptomatic carriers treated with dihydroartemisinin-piperaquine in The Gambia (PRINOGAM): study protocol for a randomised controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Finding efficacious tools to decrease and interrupt malaria transmission is essential to sustain the gains in malaria control and contain the emergence of artemisinin resistance. Primaquine is effective against Plasmodium falciparum gametocytes and recommended for treatment campaigns in (pre-)elimination settings. Safety concerns preclude its use in endemic African countries with variable proportions of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD)-deficient individuals. The efficacy of the current recommended dose needs to be evaluated, particularly in individuals with an asymptomatic malaria infection. METHODS/DESIGN: This is a four-arm, open label, randomized controlled trial that aims to determine and compare the effect of three different single doses of primaquine combined with dihydroartemisinin-piperaquine, an artemisinin-based combination therapy, on gametocyte carriage in asymptomatic, malaria infected, G6PD-normal individuals. Approximately 1,200 participants are enrolled and followed for 42 days, with the primary endpoint being the prevalence of Plasmodium falciparum gametocyte carriage at day 7 of follow-up determined by quantitative nucleic acid sequence based amplification assay. Direct membrane feeding experiments to determine infectiousness to mosquitoes are conducted as a biological secondary endpoint. DISCUSSION: Sub-Saharan Africa, with a relatively high but poorly characterized G6PD prevalence, could potentially benefit from the use of primaquine to further reduce or interrupt malaria transmission. However, G6PD screening may not be feasible given the cost and difficulties in interpreting test results in terms of risk of haemolysis. Because the haemolytic effect of primaquine is dose-dependent, determining the minimal gametocytocidal and transmission-blocking dose of primaquine is extremely important to help address public health concerns over its safety and validate the efficacy of lower than recommended dosages. By including infectiousness to mosquitoes, the trial provides complementary evidence for the potential of the drug to interrupt transmission to mosquitoes. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT01838902 (12 April 2013). FAU - Okebe, Joseph
Putative markers of infective life stages in Leishmania (Viannia) braziliensis.; Gene expression is known to vary significantly during the Leishmania life-cycle. Its monitoring might allow identification of molecular changes associated with the infective stages (metacyclics and amastigotes) and contribute to the understanding of the complex host-parasite relationships. So far, very few studies have been done on Leishmania (Viannia) braziliensis, one of the most pathogenic species. Such studies require, first of all, reference molecular markers. In the present work, we applied differential display analysis (DD analysis) in order to identify transcripts that might be (i) candidate markers of metacyclics and intracellular amastigotes of L. (V.) braziliensis or (ii) potential controls, i.e. constitutively expressed. In total, 48 DNA fragments gave reliable sequencing data, 29 of them being potential markers of infective stages and 12 potential controls. Eight sequences could be identified with reported genes. Validation of the results of DD analysis was done for 4 genes (2 differentially expressed and 2 controls) by quantitative real-time PCR. The infective insect stage-specific protein (meta 1) was more expressed in metacyclic-enriched preparations. The oligopeptidase b showed a higher expression in amastigotes. Two genes, glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase and a serine/threonine protein kinase, were found to be similarly expressed in the different biological samples. FAU - Gamboa, D
Prophylactic efficacy of primaquine for preventing Plasmodium falciparum and Plasmodium vivax parasitaemia in travelers: A meta-analysis and systematic review.; BACKGROUND: With increased international travel over the world the need for safe and effective chemoprophylaxis for malaria is as great as ever. The choice of regimen is difficult, as effectiveness should be weighted against potential adverse effects. Although, some studies have reported high prophylactic efficacy of primaquine, there is no comprehensive evidence comparing its prophylactic effectiveness as well as toxicity. To fill the gap, this systematic review and meta-analysis study was carried out. METHODS: Using MeSH terms, 756 records were detected through searching "Pubmed", "Embase","Web of Science"and "Cochrane" databases. From these,7 relevant full-text articles with 14 comparisons for final quantitative meta-analysis were included in our review. In order to make a comparison between the studies, Risk Ratios(RRs) and their 95% confidence intervals(CIs) were estimated. RESULTS: Overall,74% reduction in the incidence of parasitaemia by primaquine versus other prophylactic regimens was estimated(RRoverall = 0.26, CI 95%:0.16-0.41--RRvivax = 0.16, CI 95%:0.07-0.36--RRfalciparum = 0.31, CI 95%:0.18-0.55). The incidence rate ratios for adverse effects showed no statistically significant difference between primaquine and control groups (p > 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: For persons without G6PD deficiency, who are not pregnant, primaquine is the most effective presently available prophylactic for P. vivax malaria and comparable to such regimens as doxycycline, mefloquine and atovaquone-proguanil for the prevention of P. falciparum malaria.
G6PD A-variant influences the antibody responses to Plasmodium falciparum MSP2.; High antibody levels directed to Plasmodium falciparum merozoite surface proteins (MSP), including MSP2, as well as genetically related red blood cell defects, have previously been found to be associated with protection against malaria. Here, our main objective was to study the changes in MSP2-specific total IgG, IgG1 and IgG3 responses during a malaria transmission season in order to assess the impact of sickle-cell, α(+)-thalassemia and G6PD variants on antibody kinetics. Repeated parasitological assessments of a cohort of children were conducted during an 8-month period. Antibody responses to recombinant MSP2/3D7 and MSP2/FC27 proteins were measured at the beginning and at the end of transmission season. We found that (i) the period of last Plasmodium falciparum infection during the transmission season was associated with IgG3 anti-MSP2 change. Compared to the IgG3 levels of children infected in January 2003 (end of transmission season), the IgG3 level of children decreased with the length of the period without infection, (ii) G6PD A- carriers had a lower increase of IgG3 levels to MSP2/FC27 and MSP2/3D7 during the transmission season than the noncarriers. This latter finding is suggestive of qualitative and/or quantitative reduction of exposure to malarial antigens related to this genetic variant, leading to weaker stimulation of specific antibody responses. We speculate that cell-mediated immune activity may explain the clinical protection afforded by this genetic trait.
HDAC inhibition decreases XIST expression on female IVP bovine blastocysts.; During initial development, both X chromosomes are active in females, and one of them must be silenced at the appropriate time in order to dosage compensate their gene expression levels to male counterparts. Silencing involves epigenetic mechanisms, including histone deacetylation. Major X chromosome inactivation (XCI) in bovine occurs between hatching and implantation, although in vitro culture conditions might disrupt the silencing process, increasing or decreasing X-linked gene expression. In this study, we aimed to address the roles of histone deacetylase inhibition by trichostatin A (TSA) on female preimplantation development. We tested the hypothesis that by enhancing histone acetylation, TSA would increase the percentage of embryos achieving 16-cell stage, reducing percentage of embryos blocked at 8-cell stage, and interfere with XCI in IVF embryos. We noticed that after TSA treatment, acetylation levels in individual blastomeres of 8-16 cell embryos were increased twofold on treated embryos, and the same was detected for blastocysts. Changes among blastomere levels within the same embryo were diminished on TSA group, as low-acetylated blastomeres were no longer detected. The percentage of embryos that reached the 5th cleavage cycle 118 h after IVF, analyzed by Hoechst staining, remained unaltered after TSA treatment. Then, we assessed XIST and G6PD expression in individual female bovine blastocysts by quantitative real-time PCR. Even though G6PD expression remained unaltered after TSA exposure, XIST expression was eightfold decreased, and we also detected a major decrease in the percentage of blastocysts expressing detectable XIST levels after TSA treatment. Based on these results, we conclude that HDAC is involved on XCI process in bovine embryos, and its inhibition might delay X chromosome silencing and attenuate aberrant XIST expression described for IVF embryos. FAU - Oliveira, Clara Slade
Quantitative proteomic approach to understand metabolic adaptation in non-small cell lung cancer.; KRAS mutations in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) are a predictor of resistance to EGFR-targeted therapies. Because approaches to target RAS signaling have been unsuccessful, targeting lung cancer metabolism might help to develop a new strategy that could overcome drug resistance in such cancer. In this study, we applied a large screening quantitative proteomic analysis to evidence key enzymes involved in metabolic adaptations in lung cancer. We carried out the proteomic analysis of two KRAS-mutated NSCLC cell lines (A549 and NCI-H460) and a non tumoral bronchial cell line (BEAS-2B) using an iTRAQ (isobaric tags for relative and absolute quantitation) approach combined with two-dimensional fractionation (OFFGEL/RP nanoLC) and MALDI-TOF/TOF mass spectrometry analysis. Protein targets identified by our iTRAQ approach were validated by Western blotting analysis. Among 1038 proteins identified and 834 proteins quantified, 49 and 82 proteins were respectively found differently expressed in A549 and NCI-H460 cells compared to the BEAS-2B non tumoral cell line. Regarding the metabolic pathways, enzymes involved in glycolysis (GAPDH/PKM2/LDH-A/LDH-B) and pentose phosphate pathway (PPP) (G6PD/TKT/6PGD) were up-regulated. The up-regulation of enzyme expression in PPP is correlated to their enzyme activity and will be further investigated to confirm those enzymes as promising metabolic targets for the development of new therapeutic treatments or biomarker assay for NSCLC. FAU - Martín-Bernabé, Alfonso
Diagnostic performances of the fluorescent spot test for G6PD deficiency in newborns along the Thailand-Myanmar border: A cohort study.; Background: Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency is an inherited enzymatic disorder associated with severe neonatal hyperbilirubinemia and acute haemolysis after exposure to certain drugs or infections. The disorder can be diagnosed phenotypically with a fluorescent spot test (FST), which is a simple test that requires training and basic laboratory equipment. This study aimed to assess the diagnostic performances of the FST used on umbilical cord blood by locally-trained staff and to compare test results of the neonates at birth with the results after one month of age. Methods: We conducted a cohort study on newborns at the Shoklo Malaria Research Unit, along the Thai-Myanmar border between January 2015 and May 2016. The FST was performed at birth on the umbilical cord blood by locally-trained staff and quality controlled by specialised technicians at the central laboratory. The FST was repeated after one month of age. Genotyping for common local G6PD mutations was carried out for all discrepant results. Results: FST was performed on 1521 umbilical cord blood samples. Quality control and genotyping revealed 10 misdiagnoses. After quality control, 10.7% of the males (84/786) and 1.2% of the females (9/735) were phenotypically G6PD deficient at birth. The FST repeated at one month of age or later diagnosed 8 additional G6PD deficient infants who were phenotypically normal at birth. Conclusions: This study shows the short-comings of the G6PD FST in neonatal routine screening and highlights the importance of training and quality control. A more conservative interpretation of the FST in male newborns could increase the diagnostic performances. Quantitative point-of-care tests might show higher sensitivity and specificity for diagnosis of G6PD deficiency on umbilical cord blood and should be investigated. FAU - Thielemans, Laurence
Endogenous control genes in prostate cells: evaluation of gene expression using 'real-time' quantitative polymerase chain reaction.; OBJECTIVE: Our aims were to measure the level of expression of Abelson (ABL1), β-glucuronidase (GUS) and glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) genes in exfoliated urine cells from healthy and transrectal ultrasound biopsy patients with elevated prostate-specific antigen levels and/or abnormal digital rectal examinations or urinary symptoms indicative of prostate problems, as well as in archived formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded prostate materials. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Real-time quantitative polymerase chain reaction (RQ-PCR) was used to evaluate the suitability of the 3 control genes, i.e. ABL1, GUS and G6PD, as control genes for prostate cancer cells. Exfoliated urine cells from 30 healthy males, 53 male patients, 138 cases of archived paraffin-embedded prostate tissues and 3 prostate cell lines were sampled. All cells were lysed in guanidine isothiocyanate buffer from which RNA was extracted and converted to cDNA by random hexamer priming. RQ-PCR was performed using TaqMan chemistries. RESULTS: There was no significant difference in the level of expression for each of the 3 control genes in the cell lines. There was a significant difference in GUS transcript level between patients and healthy controls in both urine and prostate tissue sections (p < 0.05). G6PD transcript numbers also differed significantly from those of GUS in the prostate cell lines and tissue sections (p < 0.05). The transcript numbers of all the control genes were significantly reduced in aged samples (p < 0.001). CONCLUSION: The ABL1 gene was the most stable control gene in both clinical specimens and cell lines. Therefore, we recommend its use to enable standardization and interlaboratory comparisons for the RQ-PCR of prostatic tumour markers.
Relationship of antioxidant system and reactive oxygen species with clinical semen parameters in infertile men.; AIMS AND OBJECTIVES: To determine the correlation of antioxidant system and reactive oxygen species with clinical parameters in infertile semen samples. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Semen sample of fifty infertile men were divided into three groups: (1) Group I - Normospermic (count >15 million/ml), Group II - Asthenospermic (motility <32%), and Group III - Oligospermic (counts <15 million/ml) subjects based on the sperm count and sperm motility. The samples were also divided into two groups: (1) Group IV with semen pH >7.2 (25 samples) and Group V - Semen pH <7.2 (25 samples). The grouping was based on the WHO guideline for semen analysis (12). The semen antioxidant parameters like glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G-6-PDH) (spectrophotometric method Kornberg and Horecker, 1955). Catalase (Maehly and Chance 1954), glutathione peroxidase (GPX) (Rotruck method), glutathione (GSH) (dithiobisnitro-benzoate method), superoxide dismutase (SOD) (direct method), and malondialdehyde (MDA) (thiobarbituric acid reactive substances assay kit method) were investigated. Mann-Whitney U-test was applied to compare the findings. RESULTS: Of fifty semen samples there were 12 normospermic (sperm concentration ≥15 × 10(6)/ml of ejaculates), 24 asthenospermic (sperm motility ≤32%), and 14 oligospermic (sperm concentration ≤15 × 10(6)/ml of ejaculates) subjects. Results suggested that all asthenospermic males were found to have reduced motility and viability when compared with normospermic and oligospermic subjects. Activity of antioxidant parameters such as G-6-PDH, GPX, GSH, and SOD was decreased in case of asthenospermic subjects. The concentration of MDA was increased significantly (P < 0.001) in semen of asthenospermic subjects compared to normospermic and oligospermic subjects. CONCLUSION: The current study concludes that there is a significant relationship of ROS and semen parameters. Further studies will be needed in such subjects regarding role of effectiveness of dietary antioxidants in improving semen qualities. FAU - Tomar, Gajendra
Metabolic changes in rat brain histaminergic neurons during subhepatic cholestasis.; The aim of the present work was to assess metabolic changes in histaminergic neurons in the rat brain during subhepatic cholestasis. Studies were performed on male Wistar rats using quantitative histochemical methods. The results showed that in cholestasis, histaminergic neurons in the rat hypothalamus developed significant changes in succinate dehydrogenase, lactate dehydrogenase, and glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase activity, in NADH and NADPH, and in acid phosphatase and monoamine oxidase B. These changes depended on the duration of cholestasis and had a dynamic, wave-like nature. The changes were apparent after five days of cholestasis, reached a maximum at 10-20 days, decreased at 45 days, and completely disappeared at 90 days. FAU - Zimatkin, S M
Inhibition of Coix seed extract on fatty acid synthase, a novel target for anticancer activity.; ETHNOPHARMACOLOGICAL RELEVANCE: Coix seed has been traditionally used to treat cancers in folk medicine. AIM OF THE STUDY: Study the anticancer action mechanism of Coix seed extract. MATERIALS AND METHODS: After the treatment with Coix seed extract (10 microl/ml), the residual activity of fatty acid synthase (FAS) as overall reaction, beta-ketoacyl reduction, enoyl reduction, and acetyl acetyl coenzyme A (AcAcCoA) reduction was separately detected at 340 nm in the UV-190 spectrophotometer. After rats were administrated Coix seed extract (2.5, 5.0, and 10.0 ml/kg) intragastrically for 10 days consecutively, activities of FAS, malate dehydrogenase (MDH), lipid protein lipase (LPL), hepatic lipase (HL), triglyceride (TG), and glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G-6-PD) in the plasma, liver and fatty tissues were determined. RESULTS: Experiments in vitro showed that the inhibition of Coix seed extract on FAS activity was significant and dose dependent, and two active sites inhibited were beta-ketoacyl reductases (KR) and enoyl reductase (ER). Experiments in vivo showed that Coix seed extract inhibited FAS activity in the liver, and elevated LPL and HL activity in the plasma, and effected G-6-PD activity. CONCLUSIONS: The study supports that FAS is a novel target for anticancer activity, and provides a theoretical foundation for the wide application of Coix seed extract in traditional medicine. FAU - Yu, Fei
Distortion of β-globin chain of hemoglobin alters the pathway of erythrocytic glucose metabolism through band 3 protein.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Band 3 is a transmembrane protein of erythrocytes and its cytosolic part regulates glucose metabolism to proceed along the pentose phosphate pathway (PPP) or glycolytic pathway by binding with the central cavity of the β chain of deoxygenated hemoglobin and with some glycolytic enzymes competitively. In β thalassemia major and hemoglobin (Hb)Eβ thalassemia, β chain is either absent or distorted and glucose metabolism may be disturbed. We estimated adenosine triphosphate (ATP), glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) and aldolase activity in oxygenated and deoxygenated state of erythrocytes of β major, HbEβ thalassemia and normal controls to understand the hypothesis that major glucose metabolism within the erythrocytes of these diseases may proceed through the PPP. METHODS: Fifty of each group of patients and 52 normal controls were included. Patients' blood was collected 1 month prior to blood transfusion. G6PD and aldolase were estimated using a commercial kit. ATP was measured by spectrophotometric method. RESULTS: Significantly low levels of erythrocytic ATP and higher levels of G6PD were found in two groups of patients. Aldolase level in deoxygenated hemolysate was significantly higher than oxygenated hemolysate in normal controls but no significant change was noticed in both types of thalassemic patients. CONCLUSIONS: In β thalassemia major and HbEβ thalassemia due to distortion of β chain, binding of deoxygenated hemoglobin with band 3 is inhibited and thus traffic control of glycolytic pathway is disturbed and shifted towards PPP.
Flow cytometry for assessment of the efficacy of siRNA.; BACKGROUND: Small interfering RNA (siRNA) has emerged as a powerful tool to study the loss-of-function phenotype by specifically silencing a target gene. The success of gene silencing depends on the choice of appropriate target sequence, and requires a rapid and sensitive assay for quantifying siRNA efficiency. Conventional assays include Western blotting and reverse transcription coupled with polymerase chain reaction. However, these methods are somewhat inaccurate owing to the variation in transfection efficiency. To avoid this, we have developed a flow cytometric method to provide a quantitative analysis of siRNA efficacy. METHODS: We constructed a novel vector pHyper1G, which can express enhanced green fluorescent protein (EGFP). It contains a H1 promoter, which can drive expression of short hairpin RNA (shRNA) directed against a target gene. The target gene was cloned into pDsRed1-N1. The resulting construct can express a fusion protein between target protein and DsRed. These vectors were co-transfected into 293T cells. The transfected cells were analyzed by flow cytometry. The percentage of EGFP+, DsRed+ cells and the change in mean fluorescence intensity (MFI) of DsRed channel indicate changes in expression of target gene in a cell population, and hence the efficacy of the corresponding shRNA. In addition, the cells transfected with pHyper1G derivative were sorted, and analyzed for the activity of target gene. RESULTS: We designed an oligonucleotide duplex encoding shRNA against glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) gene, and cloned this into pHyper1G. The resulting vector pHyper1G101 effectively knocked down the expression of G6PD-DsRed from pDsRed301, as shown by significant reduction in both the percentage of EGFP+, DsRed+ cells, and MFI. Changes in these parameters were consistent with decreases in protein level and activity of G6PD. Moreover, albeit at low suboptimal transfection efficiency, cells transfected with pHyper1G101 alone were successfully sorted for those expressing shRNA, and their G6PD activity was found to be suppressed. CONCLUSION: Flow cytometric analysis provides a reliable assessment of the efficiency of siRNA in a cell population. This method can be easily automated and used for screening of appropriate shRNAs against certain genes. Moreover, using the present system, we can deliberately sort for and analyze those cells expressing shRNA. This can be applied to the hard-to-transfect cell types, and greatly facilitates the analyses of gene silencing in these cells. FAU - Ho, Hung-Yao
Changes in gene expression profiles as they relate to the adult plant leaf rust resistance in the wheat cv. Toropi.; Leaf rust, caused by the foliar pathogen Puccinia triticina is a major disease of wheat in the southern region of Brazil and invariably impacts on production, being responsible for high yield losses. The Brazilian wheat cultivar Toropi has proven, durable adult plant resistance (APR) to leaf rust, which uniquely shows a pre-haustorial resistance phenotype. In this study we aimed to understand the interaction between P. triticina and the pre-haustorial APR in Toropi by quantitatively evaluating the temporal transcription profiles of selected genes known to be related to infection and defense in wheat. The expression profiles of 15 selected genes varied over time, grouping into six expression profile groups. The expression profiles indicated the induction of classical defence pathways in response to pathogen development, but also the potential modification of Toropi's cellular status for the benefit of the pathogen. Classical defence genes, including peroxidases, β-1,3-glucanases and an endochitinase were expressed both early (pre-haustorial) and late (post-haustorial) over the 72 h infection time course, while induction of transcription of other infection-related genes with a potential role in defence, although variable was maintained through-out. These genes directly or indirectly had a role in plant lignification, oxidative stress, the regulation of energy supply, water and lipid transport, and cell cycle regulation. The early induction of transcription of defence-related genes supports the pre-haustorial resistance phenotype in Toropi, providing a valuable source of genes controlling leaf rust resistance for wheat breeding. FAU - Casassola, Alice
Impaired pentose phosphate pathway in the development of 3D MCF-7 cells mediated intracellular redox disturbance and multi-cellular resistance without drug induction.; Although metabolic reprogramming and redox imbalance are widely reported to be involved in chemo-resistance in cancer treatment, much more attention was paid to anti-cancer drug induced effect. Our previous studies showed that cancer cells can develop P-gp overexpression-mediated intrinsic drug resistance in the formation of 3D MCF-7 multi-cellular layers (MCLs) without any drug induction. However, whether metabolic reprogramming and redox imbalance functioned during this progress remained unrevealed. In our present study, LC-Q/TOF-MS and GC-MS were used in combination for analysing intracellular metabolites. The contribution of pentose phosphate pathway (PPP) and its related redox status were checked by chemical interfering and silencing/over-expression of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD). The downstream products of G6PD were assayed by quantitative real-time PCR, western blot and flow cytometry. Results showed that not only G6PD expression but also G6PD activity was significantly lowered along with 3D MCF-7 cells culture time. Impaired PPP disturbed redox-cycling, generated reactive oxygen species (ROS), which triggered cell cycle arrest and caused the switch to Chk2/p53/NF-κB pathway-mediated P-gp induction. Our results provided a new attempt to associate intrinsic small molecule metabolites (impaired PPP) communicating with cell signalling pathways through disturbed intracellular redox status to elucidate multi-cellular resistance (MCR) in 3D MCF-7 cells, which improved the understanding of the mechanisms of P-gp up-regulation in MCR with metabolomic and related redox status support.
Pharmacokinetics of chlorproguanil, dapsone, artesunate and their major metabolites in patients during treatment of acute uncomplicated Plasmodium falciparum malaria.; OBJECTIVE: Chlorproguanil (CPG)-dapsone (DDS)-artesunate was in development for the treatment of uncomplicated Plasmodium falciparum malaria. The pharmacokinetics of CPG, DDS, artesunate and their metabolites chlorcycloguanil (CCG), monoacetyl dapsone (MADDS) and dihydroartemisinin (DHA) were investigated in patients with P. falciparum given CPG-DDS alone or plus artesunate. METHODS: Adult patients from Malawi and The Gambia taking part in a phase II clinical trial were randomised to receive a 3-day treatment of CPG-DDS alone (2/2.5 mg/kg/day) or plus 1, 2 or 4 mg/kg/day artesunate. Blood samples for pharmacokinetic analysis were collected up to 24 h post-first dose. RESULTS: The pharmacokinetic analysis included 115 patients. For CPG, there was no significant effect of artesunate on C(max) or AUC(0-24), except the 90% confidence interval (CI) for AUC(0-24) for the 4 mg/kg artesunate dose was slightly below that for the standard bioequivalence range (90% CI 0.78, 1.11); this was not considered clinically relevant. Artesunate increased the CCG AUC(0-24) by 6-17% and C(max) by 0-16%. Artesunate had no significant effect on the rate or extent of absorption of DDS. For MADDS, artesunate increased the AUC(0-24) by 13-47% and C(max) by 8-45%. For 1, 2 and 4 mg/kg artesunate dosing, artesunate AUC(0-infinity) was 64.6, 151 and 400 ng.h/ml and C(max) 48.9, 106 and 224 ng/ml respectively; DHA AUC(0-infinity) was 538, 1,445 and 3,837 ng.h/ml and C(max) 228, 581 and 1,414 ng/ml respectively. Using a power model, the point estimates of slope were greater than 1 for artesunate AUC(0-t) by 16% and C(max) by 5% and for DHA by 39 and 21% respectively. CONCLUSION: Artesunate did not significantly affect CPG or DDS pharmacokinetics. For CCG and MADDS, small to moderate increases in exposure with artesunate dosing were observed. There was a greater than proportional increase in artesunate and DHA exposure with increasing artesunate dose. These effects are not considered to be clinically relevant. It should be noted that the CPG-DDS-artesunate programme has now been stopped following unacceptable haematological toxicity in patients with glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency during a phase III trial. In addition, the CPG-DDS combination has been withdrawn from clinical use. FAU - Miller, Ann K
High-affinity choline uptake and acetylcholine-metabolizing enzymes in CNS white matter. A quantitative study.; The presence of nicotinic and muscarinic receptors suggests the occurrence of cholinergic neurotransmission in white matter; however no quantitative information exists on acetylcholine formation and breakdown in white matter. We compared white structures of pig brain (fimbria, corpus callosum, pyramidal tracts, and occipital white matter) to gray structures (temporal, parietal and cerebellar cortices, hippocampus, and caudate) and found that sodium-dependent, high-affinity choline uptake in white structures was 25-31% of that in hippocampus. White matter choline acetyltransferase activity was 10-50% of the hippocampal value; the highest activity was found in fimbria. Acetylcholine esterase activity in white structures was 20-25% of that in hippocampus. The caudate, which is rich in cholinergic interneurons, gave values for all three parameters that were 2.8-4 times higher than in hippocampus. The results suggest a certain capacity for cholinergic neurotransmission in central nervous white matter. The white matter activity of pyruvate dehydrogenase, which provides acetyl-CoA for acetylcholine synthesis, ranged between 33 and 50% of the hippocampal activity; the activity in the caudate was similar to that in hippocampus and the other gray structures, which was true also for other enzymes of glucose metabolism: hexokinase, phosphoglucomutase, and glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase. Acetylcholine esterase activity in white matter was inhibited by the nerve agent soman, which may help explain the reported deleterious effect of soman on white matter. Further, this finding suggests that acetylcholine esterase inhibitors used in Alzheimer's disease may have an effect in white matter. FAU - Hassel, Bjørnar
Selection of reliable reference genes during THP-1 monocyte differentiation into macrophages.; BACKGROUND: Reliable reference genes are a vital prerequisite for any functional study employing quantitative real-time RT-PCR (RT-qPCR) for analyzing gene expression. Yet a proper selection and assessment of the chosen reference genes is only rarely included into a study. To date, no reference genes have been validated for differentiation of THP-1 monocytes. Here we report on the selection of validated reference genes during differentiation of THP-1 monocytes into macrophages induced by phorbol 12-myristate 13-acetate (PMA). RESULTS: The mRNA expression of 21 preselected potential reference genes was measured by RT-qPCR at several time-points over six days of PMA-induced THP-1 monocyte-to-macrophage differentiation. A ranking according to expression stability was calculated. Calculations were performed using Microsoft Excel-based applets GeNorm, NormFinder and BestKeeper. Our results indicated ACTB (β-actin) (Cq ± SD, 14.1 ± 0.3) and RPL37A (ribosomal protein L37a) (14.5 ± 0.3) as the most stable genes. While other frequently used reference genes such as GAPDH (glycereraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase) (20.8 ± 0.8) or G6PD (glucose-6-phophate dehydrogenase) (16.1 ± 1.0) were found to be not as reliable and were therefore unsuited for use as reference genes. These findings were validated by investigating mRNA expression of macrophage scavenger receptor CD36, known to be regulated during monocyte-to-macrophage differentiation. Using ACTB and RPL37A as reference genes a profound and significant regulation of CD36 could be demonstrated, while use of G6PD resulted in a much less pronounced apparent regulation of CD36. CONCLUSION: Consequently, it is recommended to normalize any real-time PCR-based expression data obtained during THP-1 monocyte differentiation using ACTB and RPL37A. FAU - Maess, Marten B
Zona pellucida glycoprotein 3 (pZP3) and integrin β2 (ITGB2) mRNA and protein expression in porcine oocytes after single and double exposure to brilliant cresyl blue test.; Brilliant cresyl blues (BCB) staining test is a useful tool in assessing the competence of cumulus-oocyte-complexes (COCs) in several mammalian species. It is mostly used to select gametes after they are recovered from the ovary or before and after IVM to isolate those oocytes that reach developmental competency. However, there is evidence that double exposure to BCB test may lead to impaired fertilization or even have a toxic effect on cells. The aim of the present study was to investigate the expression pattern of sperm-egg interaction molecules in oocytes after single and double exposure to BCB test. Follicles were dissected from porcine ovaries after slaughter and aspirated COCs were cultured in standard porcine IVM culture medium (TCM 199) for 44 h. The BCB test was applied to COCs before and after IVM. In developmentally competent oocytes, assessed by determining the activity of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PDH; BCB test), real-time quantitative PCR reaction methods, western blot and confocal microscopy analysis were applied to determine the transcript levels of porcine zona pellucida glycoprotein 3 (pZP3), and integrin beta 2 (ITGB2), as well as the levels of pZP3 and ITGB2 proteins. In the control group, assessment of the expression of the investigated genes was performed before and after IVM without BCB test. We observed a significantly higher level of pZP3 mRNA in oocytes after single exposure to BCB test compared to control before and after IVM (P < 0.001), and to double staining (P < 0.05). The level of ITGB2 mRNA was also increased in gametes after single exposure to BCB test as compared to control before and after IVM (P < 0.001, P < 0.01, respectively), and double staining (P < 0.05). Western blot analysis demonstrated a higher level of pZP3 protein in oocytes after single staining with BCB as compared to control both before and after IVM (P < 0.001, P < 0.05, respectively) and double staining (P < 0.05). Confocal microscopic observations have revealed the same pattern of increased level of pZP3 and ITGB2 expression after single exposure to BCB test. In both cases we detected specific cytoplasmic localization of both proteins. The ITGB2 protein has zona pellucida and membrane localization in control oocytes before IVM. After IVM and after single exposure to BCB, ITGB2 was also strongly detected in the cytoplasm. In both cases, after double exposure to BCB both proteins were detected only partially in the cytoplasm. Our results suggest that (i) single exposure to BCB increased the expression of sperm-oocyte interaction genes, (ii) double exposure to BCB leads to only partial expression of pZP3 and ITGB2 in oocyte cytoplasm, (iii) the BCB staining test itself may be a cause of specific pZP3 translocation from the zona pellucida to the cytoplasm, and that (iv) in vitro maturation of oocytes may increase ITGB2 expression and translocation from the zona pellucida to the cytoplasm.
Toxicogenomics of water chemistry influence on chronic lead exposure to the fathead minnow (Pimephales promelas).; Establishment of water quality criteria (WQC), intended to protect aquatic life, continues to rely principally on water hardness (i.e. Ca(2+)) for lead (Pb) despite growing evidence that other chemical parameters also strongly influence toxicity. To more clearly define the water chemistry parameters mediating Pb toxicity, we evaluated the effects of hardness as CaSO(4) and dissolved organic carbon (DOC) as humic acid during chronic (150 days) exposures to the fathead minnow. Measured Pb concentrations ranged from 157+/-5 nM (33+/-1 microg/L) Pb in base water to 177+/-7 (37+/-1 microg/L) and 187+/-7 nM (39+/-1 microg/L) Pb in CaSO(4)- or HA-supplemented water, respectively. Fish were collected at 2, 4, 10, 30, 63, 90 and 150 days of exposure. Traditional toxicological endpoints were examined alongside gene transcription analyses to help clarify the underlying mechanisms of Pb toxicity and to identify candidate molecular markers that might ultimately serve as robust indicators of exposure and effect. Addition of CaSO(4) did not prevent whole body Pb accumulation whereas DOC afforded strong protection (about half the amount accumulated by fish in base water) suggesting that current, hardness-based WQC are likely inaccurate for predicting chronic Pb effects in aquatic systems. Custom-made microarrays were co-hybridized with base water samples+/-Pb up to the 30 days time point. Quantitative PCR was employed to verify gene transcription responses and to extend analysis to the CaSO(4) and HA treatments and the 150 days time point. Identification of four genes by microarray analysis revealed clear Pb-induced responses over time: glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase, glutathione-S-transferase, ferritin and beta-globin. Results obtained by qPCR were in strong agreement with microarray data by regression analysis (r(2)=0.82, slope=1.28). The associated pathways implicated herein for these genes provide further evidence supporting roles for anemia and neurological disorders in chronic Pb toxicity. Effects of water chemistry on Pb accumulation and gene transcription responses were in close parallel, though alterations in ionoregulatory and morphological endpoints were not observed. Whereas DOC was protective against Pb accumulation and mRNA expression changes, Ca(2+) was not. Additionally, several hypothesis-driven genes (ECaC, DMT-1, and ALA-D) were examined by qPCR but revealed either no change or small Pb-induced responses lacking any clear influence attributable to water chemistry. These findings should help pave the way toward development of a new chronic Pb BLM and a Pb-responsive gene transcript profile for fathead minnows, both of which would greatly aid future environmental monitoring and regulatory strategies for Pb. FAU - Mager, Edward M
Redox regulation of Ito remodeling in diabetic rat heart.; Oxidative stress and the resulting change in cell redox state are proposed to contribute to pathogenic alterations in ion channels that underlie electrical remodeling of the diseased heart. The present study examined whether K(+) channel remodeling is controlled by endogenous oxidoreductase systems that regulate redox-sensitive cell functions. Diabetes was induced in rats by streptozotocin, and experiments were conducted after 3-5 wk of hyperglycemia. Spectrophotometric assays of ventricular tissue extracts from diabetic rat hearts revealed divergent changes in two major oxidoreductase systems. The thioredoxin (TRX) system in diabetic rat heart was characterized by a 52% decrease in TRX reductase (TRXR) activity from control heart (P < 0.05), whereas TRX activity was 1.7-fold greater than control heart (P < 0.05). Diabetes elicited similar changes in the glutaredoxin (GRX) system: glutathione reductase was decreased 35% from control level (P < 0.05), and GRX activity was 2.5-fold greater than in control heart (P < 0.05). The basal activity of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase, which generates NADPH required by the TRX and GRX systems, was not altered by diabetes. Voltage-clamp studies showed that the characteristically decreased density of the transient outward K(+) current (I(to)) in isolated diabetic rat myocytes was normalized by in vitro treatment with insulin (0.1 microM) or the metabolic activator dichloroacetate (1.5 mM). The effect of these agonists on I(to) was blocked by inhibitors of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase. Moreover, inhibitors of TRXR, which controls the reducing activity of TRX, also blocked upregulation of I(to) by insulin and dichloroacetate. These data suggest that K(+) channels underlying I(to) are regulated in a redox-sensitive manner by the TRX system and the remodeling of I(to) that occurs in diabetes may be due to decreased TRXR activity. We propose that oxidoreductase systems are an important repair mechanism that protects ion channels and associated regulatory proteins from irreversible oxidative damage. FAU - Li, Xun
Evaluation of internal reference genes for quantitative expression analysis by real-time reverse transcription-PCR in somatic cells from goat milk.; Reverse transcription (RT) quantitative real-time PCR (qPCR) is the most accurate and easy-to-perform technique to measure the expression level of a selected gene of interest by quantifying mRNA transcripts. The use of reference genes is commonly accepted as the most reliable approach to normalize RT-qPCR data and reduce possible errors generated in the quantification of gene expression. The optimal number and choice of reference genes are experimentally validated for specific tissues or cell types and experimental designs. To date, data on qPCR normalization in goats are scarce and the most suitable reference genes in this species have been identified for only a limited number of tissues. The aim of this study was to determine an optimal combination of stably expressed reference genes in caprine milk somatic cells (MSC) from healthy and infected mammary glands. For the purpose, we performed RT-qPCR for 10 commonly used reference genes from various functional classes and then determined their expression level in MSC from goats intramammary challenged with Staphylococcus aureus and in MSC from healthy controls, with a view to select genes whose stability would be unaffected under infection conditions. The geNorm and NormFinder algorithms were used for validating the reference genes. Furthermore, to demonstrate the importance of normalization of gene expression with appropriate reference genes, we tested the effect of using a combination of the least stable genes for expression analysis evaluation. On the basis of our evaluation, we recommend the use of a panel of reference genes that should include G6PD, YWHAZ, and ACTB for caprine MSC gene expression profiling. The expression of the 2 genes of interest, pentraxin-related protein (PTX3) and secreted phosphoprotein 1 (SPP1), was evaluated by RT-qPCR in all samples collected pre- and postinfection, and the recommended reference genes were used to normalize the data. Our study provides a validated panel of optimal reference genes for the identification of genes differentially expressed by qRT-PCR in caprine MSC. Moreover, we provided a set of intron-spanning primer sequences that could be suitable for gene expression experiments using SYBR Green chemistry on other caprine tissues and cells.
Efficacy of Different Primaquine Regimens to Control Plasmodium falciparum Gametocytemia in Colombia.; Treatment against Plasmodium falciparum malaria includes blood schizonticides to clear asexual parasites responsible for disease. The addition of gametocytocidal drugs can eliminate infectious sexual stages with potential for transmission and the World Health Organization recommends a single dose (SD) of primaquine (PQ) to this end. The efficacy of PQ at 0.75 mg/kg to suppress gametocytemia when administered in single or fractionated doses was evaluated. A clinical controlled study with an open-label design was executed; three groups of 20 subjects were studied sequentially. All subjects were treated with the standard dose of artemether-lumefantrine plus the total dose of 0.75 mg/kg of PQ administered (without previous G6PD testing) in three different ways: Group "0.75d-3" received 0.75 mg/kg on day 3; Group "0.50d-1 + 0.25d-3" received 0.50 mg/kg on day 1 and 0.25 mg/kg on day 3; Group "0.25d-1,2,3" received 0.25 mg/kg on days 1, 2, and 3. Subjects were evaluated on days 1, 4, and 7 by thick smear microscopy and quantitative polymerase chain reaction to determine the carriage of immature and mature gametocytes. There were no adverse events. The three schemes caused a marked reduction (75-85%) in prevalence of gametocytes on day 4 compared with day 1, but only the group that received 0.75 mg/kg on day 3 maintained the reduced gametocyte burden until day 7. None of the three treatments were able to clear gametocyte carriage on days 4 or 7, but the group that received the SD had the lowest prevalence of gametocytes (15%). Further studies are needed to establish a PQ regimen with complete efficacy against gametocytes. FAU - Arroyo-Arroyo, Maria
Abrogation of red blood cell G6PD enzyme activity through Heat treatment: development of survey material for the UK NEQAS G6PD scheme.; INTRODUCTION: Participation in external quality assessment (EQA) is central to the maintenance of high-quality laboratory results in patient diagnosis and clinical trials. Laboratories in the TAF112582 DETECTIVE study (ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT01376167) are enrolled in the United Kingdom National Quality Assessment Scheme (UK NEQAS) for glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) quantitative assay, which utilizes ovine (sheep) blood as a readily available source of apparently G6PD-deficient survey material. A substitute for sheep blood was sought because some non-UK sites in the study encountered participation difficulties due to the strict regulations on the import of sheep blood into their countries. METHODS: G6PD activity in normal human donor blood was abrogated by the action of heat under controlled conditions. Residual G6PD activity in the heated samples was measured by UK NEQAS using the Trinity Biotech 345 kit (Trinity Biotech) and a Jenway 6715 UV/Vis spectrophotometer with external temperature control to monitor enzyme kinetics and linearity over a set time. Heat-treated material was also assayed for G6PD activity and assessed for its acceptability as EQA survey material by selected UK laboratories. RESULTS: Blood heated at 45 °C for 15 h showed a reduction in G6PD activity of 76.3 ± 4.6% (n = 6) and was considered acceptable as EQA material in terms of appearance and behaviour by the majority of UK sites in the trial. CONCLUSIONS: We have developed a simple heat-treatment procedure to produce EQA survey material with low/intermediate G6PD activity, similar to that found in females heterozygous for G6PD deficiency.
Quiescent fibroblasts exhibit high metabolic activity.; Many cells in mammals exist in the state of quiescence, which is characterized by reversible exit from the cell cycle. Quiescent cells are widely reported to exhibit reduced size, nucleotide synthesis, and metabolic activity. Much lower glycolytic rates have been reported in quiescent compared with proliferating lymphocytes. In contrast, we show here that primary human fibroblasts continue to exhibit high metabolic rates when induced into quiescence via contact inhibition. By monitoring isotope labeling through metabolic pathways and quantitatively identifying fluxes from the data, we show that contact-inhibited fibroblasts utilize glucose in all branches of central carbon metabolism at rates similar to those of proliferating cells, with greater overflow flux from the pentose phosphate pathway back to glycolysis. Inhibition of the pentose phosphate pathway resulted in apoptosis preferentially in quiescent fibroblasts. By feeding the cells labeled glutamine, we also detected a "backwards" flux in the tricarboxylic acid cycle from α-ketoglutarate to citrate that was enhanced in contact-inhibited fibroblasts; this flux likely contributes to shuttling of NADPH from the mitochondrion to cytosol for redox defense or fatty acid synthesis. The high metabolic activity of the fibroblasts was directed in part toward breakdown and resynthesis of protein and lipid, and in part toward excretion of extracellular matrix proteins. Thus, reduced metabolic activity is not a hallmark of the quiescent state. Quiescent fibroblasts, relieved of the biosynthetic requirements associated with generating progeny, direct their metabolic activity to preservation of self integrity and alternative functions beneficial to the organism as a whole. FAU - Lemons, Johanna M S
Plasmodium vivax malaria endemicity in Indonesia in 2010.; BACKGROUND: Plasmodium vivax imposes substantial morbidity and mortality burdens in endemic zones. Detailed understanding of the contemporary spatial distribution of this parasite is needed to combat it. We used model based geostatistics (MBG) techniques to generate a contemporary map of risk of Plasmodium vivax malaria in Indonesia in 2010. METHODS: Plasmodium vivax Annual Parasite Incidence data (2006-2008) and temperature masks were used to map P. vivax transmission limits. A total of 4,658 community surveys of P. vivax parasite rate (PvPR) were identified (1985-2010) for mapping quantitative estimates of contemporary endemicity within those limits. After error-checking a total of 4,457 points were included into a national database of age-standardized 1-99 year old PvPR data. A Bayesian MBG procedure created a predicted PvPR(1-99) endemicity surface with uncertainty estimates. Population at risk estimates were derived with reference to a 2010 human population surface. RESULTS: We estimated 129.6 million people in Indonesia lived at risk of P. vivax transmission in 2010. Among these, 79.3% inhabited unstable transmission areas and 20.7% resided in stable transmission areas. In western Indonesia, the predicted P. vivax prevalence was uniformly low. Over 70% of the population at risk in this region lived on Java and Bali islands, where little malaria transmission occurs. High predicted prevalence areas were observed in the Lesser Sundas, Maluku and Papua. In general, prediction uncertainty was relatively low in the west and high in the east. CONCLUSION: Most Indonesians living with endemic P. vivax experience relatively low risk of infection. However, blood surveys for this parasite are likely relatively insensitive and certainly do not detect the dormant liver stage reservoir of infection. The prospects for P. vivax elimination would be improved with deeper understanding of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency (G6PDd) distribution, anti-relapse therapy practices and manageability of P. vivax importation risk, especially in Java and Bali. FAU - Elyazar, Iqbal R F
Validation of internal reference genes for real-time quantitative polymerase chain reaction studies in the tick, Ixodes scapularis (Acari: Ixodidae).; Obtaining reliable gene expression data using real-time quantitative polymerase chain reaction (qPCR) is highly dependent on the choice of normalization method. We tested the expression stability of multiple candidate genes in the salivary glands (SG) and synganglia (SYN) of female Ixodes scapularis (Say) ticks in multiple blood-feeding phases. We found that the amount of total RNA in both the SG and SYN increases dramatically during tick feeding, with 34x and 5.8x increases from 62 and 7.1 ng of unfed tick, respectively. We tested candidate genes that were predicted from I. scapularis genome data to encode glyceraldehyde 3-phosphate dehydrogenase (gapdh), ribosomal protein L13A (l13a), TATA box-binding protein (tbp), ribosomal protein S4 (rps4), glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenase (gpdh), and beta-glucuronidase (gusb). The geNorm and NormFinder algorithms were used to analyze data from different feeding phases (i.e., daily samples from unfed to fully engorged females over a 7-d period in three replicate experiments). We found that the rps4 and l13a genes showed highly stable expression patterns over the feeding duration in both the SG and SYN. Furthermore, the highly expressed rps4 gene makes it useful as a normalization factor when we perform studies using minute amounts of dissected tissue for qPCR. We conclude that rps4 and l13a, whether individually or as a pair, serve as suitable internal reference genes for qRT-PCR studies in the SG and SYN of I. scapularis. FAU - Koci, Juraj
Resveratrol attenuates steatosis in obese Zucker rats by decreasing fatty acid availability and reducing oxidative stress.; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is one of the most common manifestations of chronic liver disease worldwide. The aim of the present study was to assess the effect of resveratrol on liver fat accumulation, as well as on the activity of those enzymes involved in lipogenesis and fatty acid oxidation in fa/fa Zucker rats. A total of thirty rats were assigned to three experimental groups and orally treated with resveratrol for 6 weeks, or without resveratrol (C: control group; RSV15 group: 15 mg/kg body weight per d; RSV45 group: 45 mg/kg body weight per d). Liver histological analysis was performed by microscopy. Levels of hepatic carnitine palmitoyltransferase-Ia (CPT-Ia), acyl-coenzyme A oxidase (ACO), fatty acid synthase, glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase and malic enzyme were assessed by spectrophotometry, and acetyl-CoA carboxylase was assessed by radiometry. Commercial kits were used to determine serum TAG, NEFA, total HDL and non-HDL-cholesterol, glycerol, ketonic bodies, glucose, insulin, adiponectin, aspartate aminotransferase (AST), alanine aminotransferase (ALT) and alkaline phosphatase (ALP), hepatic TAG, thiobarbituric acid reactive substrates, GSH (GSSG) and superoxide dismutase. Resveratrol reduced liver weight and TAG content. It did not modify the activity of lipogenic enzymes but it did increase CPT-Ia and ACO activities. NEFA and ALP were reduced in both resveratrol-treated groups. AST/GOT was reduced only by the lowest dose. ALT/GPT, TAG and adiponectin remained unchanged. Resveratrol reduced liver oxidative stress. This study demonstrates that resveratrol can protect the liver from NAFLD by reducing fatty acid availability. Moreover, resveratrol also protects liver from oxidative stress. FAU - Gómez-Zorita, S
Toxaphene affects the levels of mRNA transcripts that encode antioxidant enzymes in Hydra.; We evaluated toxaphene-induced acute toxicity in Hydra magnipapillata. The median lethal concentrations of the animals (LC(50)) were determined to be 34.5 mg/L, 25.0 mg/L and 12.0 mg/L after exposure to toxaphene for 24 h, 48 h and 72 h, respectively. Morphological responses of hydra polyps to a range of toxaphene concentrations suggested that toxaphene negatively affects the nervous system of H. magnipapillata. We used real-time quantitative PCR of RNA extracted from polyps exposed to two concentrations of toxaphene (0.3 mg/L and 3 mg/L) for 24 h to evaluate the differential regulation of levels of transcripts that encode six antioxidant enzymes (CAT, G6PD, GPx, GR, GST and SOD), two proteins involved in detoxification and molecular stress responses (CYP1A and UB), and two proteins involved in neurotransmission and nerve cell differentiation (AChE and Hym-355). Of the genes involved in antioxidant responses, the most striking changes were observed for transcripts that encode GPx, G6PD, SOD, CAT and GST, with no evident change in levels of transcripts encoding GR. Levels of UB and CYP1A transcripts increased in a dose-dependent manner following exposure to toxaphene. Given that toxaphene-induced neurotoxicity was not reflected in the level of AChE transcripts and only slight accumulation of Hym-355 transcript was observed only at the higher of the two doses of toxaphene tested, there remains a need to identify transcriptional biomarkers for toxaphene-mediated neurotoxicity in H. magnipapillata. Transcripts that respond to toxaphene exposure could be valuable biomarkers for stress levels in H. magnipapillata and may be useful for monitoring the pollution of aquatic environments.
Evaluation and validation of reference genes for normalization of quantitative real-time PCR based gene expression studies in peanut.; The quantitative real-time PCR (qPCR) based techniques have become essential for gene expression studies and high-throughput molecular characterization of transgenic events. Normalizing to reference gene in relative quantification make results from qPCR more reliable when compared to absolute quantification, but requires robust reference genes. Since, ideal reference gene should be species specific, no single internal control gene is universal for use as a reference gene across various plant developmental stages and diverse growth conditions. Here, we present validation studies of multiple stably expressed reference genes in cultivated peanut with minimal variations in temporal and spatial expression when subjected to various biotic and abiotic stresses. Stability in the expression of eight candidate reference genes including ADH3, ACT11, ATPsyn, CYP2, ELF1B, G6PD, LEC and UBC1 was compared in diverse peanut plant samples. The samples were categorized into distinct experimental sets to check the suitability of candidate genes for accurate and reliable normalization of gene expression using qPCR. Stability in expression of the references genes in eight sets of samples was determined by geNorm and NormFinder methods. While three candidate reference genes including ADH3, G6PD and ELF1B were identified to be stably expressed across experiments, LEC was observed to be the least stable, and hence must be avoided for gene expression studies in peanut. Inclusion of the former two genes gave sufficiently reliable results; nonetheless, the addition of the third reference gene ELF1B may be potentially better in a diverse set of tissue samples of peanut. FAU - Reddy, Dumbala Srinivas
Low density parasitaemia, red blood cell polymorphisms and Plasmodium falciparum specific immune responses in a low endemic area in northern Tanzania.; BACKGROUND: Low density Plasmodium falciparum infections, below the microscopic detection limit, may play an important role in maintaining malaria transmission in low endemic areas as well as contribute to the maintenance of acquired immunity. Little is known about factors influencing the occurrence of sub-microscopic parasitaemia or the relation with immune responses.We investigated possible associations between the occurrence of sub-microscopic P. falciparum parasite carriage and antibody responses to the asexual stage antigens, G6PD deficiency and alpha+-thalassaemia in 464 subjects from a low endemic area in northern Tanzania. METHODS: We used samples collected from two cross sectional surveys conducted during dry and wet season in 2005. Submicroscopic parasitaemia was detected by using quantitative nucleic acid sequence based amplification (QT-NASBA). Genotyping for G6PD and alpha+-thalassaemia were performed by high throughput PCR; the prevalence and level of total IgG antibodies against MSP-1, MSP-2 and AMA-1 were determined by ELISA. RESULTS: Compared to parasite free individuals, individuals carrying sub-microscopic densities of P. falciparum parasites had significantly higher median antibody levels to MSP-1 (p = 0.042) and MSP-2 (p = 0.034) but not to AMA-1 (p = 0.14) while no clear relation between sub-microscopic parasite carriage and G6PD deficiency or alpha+-thalassaemia was observed. CONCLUSION: Our data suggest a role for sub-microscopic parasite densities in eliciting or maintaining humoral immune responses without evidence for a modulating effect of G6PD deficiency or alpha+-thalassaemia. FAU - Shekalaghe, Seif
A comparative study of the lateral geniculate body of rat (Rattus norvegicus), bat (Eidolon helvum) and pangolin (Manis tricuspis).; In this study, the lateral geniculate bodies (LGB) of rats, bats and pangolins were compared using histological and quantitative histochemical parameters to observe possible modifications that enable these mammals to cope with their habitation particularly with respect to their diet. The study was conducted using ten adult Wistar rats, ten fruit bats and eight pangolins comprising of both sexes. After being sacrificed by cervical dislocation, their skulls were opened using bone forceps to expose the brains. The lateral geniculate bodies were excised from each brain tissue, homogenized and homogenate studied spectrophotometrically for the activities of lactate dehydrogenase (LDH), glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G-6-PDH), acid phosphatase (ACP), alkaline phosphatase (ALP) and acetylcholinesterase (AChE). The LGB tissue samples meant for histological studies were fixed in 10% formol calcium and processed for paraffin wax embedding. Serial sections of 3?m thickness were stained with Hematoxylin and Eosin (H &amp; E) and Cresyl fast violet (CFV) stains. The stained tissues were studied under the light microscope. Application of one-way ANOVA statistical method showed that there were significant differences (p&lt;0.05) in the activities of LDH, G-6-PDH, ACP, ALP and AChE of the LGB of the three mammals as revealed in the quantitative histochemistry of these enzymes and markers. Histological observations revealed no observable differences in the relative distribution of neurons and their supporting glial cells within the LGB of the three mammalian species. The comparison of the differences observed in the histological and the quantitative histochemical activities in these mammalian species revealed a variation in the visual perception and their individual peculiarities in relation to their mode and pattern of living. FAU - Adeniyi, Temidayo
Identification of suitable reference genes for quantitative real-time PCR normalization in blotched snakehead Channa maculata.; A systematic study was conducted to identify reliable reference genes for normalization of gene expression analysis in the blotched snakehead Channa maculata under normal physiological conditions. Firstly, the partial complementary (c)DNA of nine candidate reference genes (actb, tmem104, ube2l3, ef1α, churc1, tmem256, rpl13a, sep15 and g6pd) were cloned from C. maculata. The expression levels of these genes were then assessed in embryos of different developmental stages and various tissue types of adult fish using quantitative real-time (qrt-)PCR. RefFinder algorithm was used to evaluate the expression stability of these genes based on their cycle-threshold (C(t) ) values in the qrt-PCR analysis. Results showed that there was no single best reference gene for all stages of embryos and adult tissues tested. Furthermore, it was found that, among the nine candidate genes tested, actb and tmem104 were the most stable reference genes across adult tissue types, while sep15 and tmem256 were the most stable ones across developmental stages of embryos. These stable reference genes are recommended for normalization of gene expression analysis in C. maculata.
Impact of common genetic determinants of Hemoglobin A1c on type 2 diabetes risk and diagnosis in ancestrally diverse populations: A transethnic genome-wide meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND: Glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) is used to diagnose type 2 diabetes (T2D) and assess glycemic control in patients with diabetes. Previous genome-wide association studies (GWAS) have identified 18 HbA1c-associated genetic variants. These variants proved to be classifiable by their likely biological action as erythrocytic (also associated with erythrocyte traits) or glycemic (associated with other glucose-related traits). In this study, we tested the hypotheses that, in a very large scale GWAS, we would identify more genetic variants associated with HbA1c and that HbA1c variants implicated in erythrocytic biology would affect the diagnostic accuracy of HbA1c. We therefore expanded the number of HbA1c-associated loci and tested the effect of genetic risk-scores comprised of erythrocytic or glycemic variants on incident diabetes prediction and on prevalent diabetes screening performance. Throughout this multiancestry study, we kept a focus on interancestry differences in HbA1c genetics performance that might influence race-ancestry differences in health outcomes. METHODS & FINDINGS: Using genome-wide association meta-analyses in up to 159,940 individuals from 82 cohorts of European, African, East Asian, and South Asian ancestry, we identified 60 common genetic variants associated with HbA1c. We classified variants as implicated in glycemic, erythrocytic, or unclassified biology and tested whether additive genetic scores of erythrocytic variants (GS-E) or glycemic variants (GS-G) were associated with higher T2D incidence in multiethnic longitudinal cohorts (N = 33,241). Nineteen glycemic and 22 erythrocytic variants were associated with HbA1c at genome-wide significance. GS-G was associated with higher T2D risk (incidence OR = 1.05, 95% CI 1.04-1.06, per HbA1c-raising allele, p = 3 × 10-29); whereas GS-E was not (OR = 1.00, 95% CI 0.99-1.01, p = 0.60). In Europeans and Asians, erythrocytic variants in aggregate had only modest effects on the diagnostic accuracy of HbA1c. Yet, in African Americans, the X-linked G6PD G202A variant (T-allele frequency 11%) was associated with an absolute decrease in HbA1c of 0.81%-units (95% CI 0.66-0.96) per allele in hemizygous men, and 0.68%-units (95% CI 0.38-0.97) in homozygous women. The G6PD variant may cause approximately 2% (N = 0.65 million, 95% CI 0.55-0.74) of African American adults with T2D to remain undiagnosed when screened with HbA1c. Limitations include the smaller sample sizes for non-European ancestries and the inability to classify approximately one-third of the variants. Further studies in large multiethnic cohorts with HbA1c, glycemic, and erythrocytic traits are required to better determine the biological action of the unclassified variants. CONCLUSIONS: As G6PD deficiency can be clinically silent until illness strikes, we recommend investigation of the possible benefits of screening for the G6PD genotype along with using HbA1c to diagnose T2D in populations of African ancestry or groups where G6PD deficiency is common. Screening with direct glucose measurements, or genetically-informed HbA1c diagnostic thresholds in people with G6PD deficiency, may be required to avoid missed or delayed diagnoses. FAU - Wheeler, Eleanor
Damage to the cell antioxidative system in human erythrocytes incubated with idarubicin and glutaraldehyde.; Encapsulation of antineoplastic drugs within erythrocytes is one of the studied strategies to diminish the toxic side effects of anthracycline antibiotics. Glutaraldehyde is often used as crosslinking agent to link the drugs, including idarubicin (IDA) to the cells. The previous studies indicated that in glutaraldehyde-treated human erythrocytes the elevated level of drug was observed but also the various changes in the organization of the red cells were noted. In this study, we continue our investigations and now we concentrate on the effect of these compounds on antioxidative system in erythrocytes. We determined reactive oxygen species (ROS) production, glutathione content and alterations in the activity of enzymes responsible for maintaining glutathione in reduced form in human erythrocytes. Measurements of both reduced and total glutathione levels and the activity of glutathione reductase and glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase were performed spectrophotometrically. The results show that ROS were produced in erythrocytes treated with IDA and with IDA and glutaraldehyde. IDA at a concentration of 10 microg/ml did not cause any changes in total or reduced glutathione levels. When IDA-preincubated erythrocytes were treated with glutaraldehyde, significant changes in the determined parameters were observed in a glutaraldehyde concentration dependent manner. It was correlated with decreased activity of glutathione reductase (GR) and glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD). Together with the significant changes in reduced form of glutathione (GSH)/total glutathione ratio, the exposure of phosphatidylserine at the cell surface was also observed. FAU - Marczak, Agnieszka
Cytobiocompatibility of collagen and ePTFE membranes on osteoblast-like cells in vitro.; In guided bone regeneration (GBR), a semipermeable membrane is placed over an osseous defect to create a secluded environment in which bone formation can proceed without ingrowth of connective tissue cells from the overlaying soft tissue. Although the cell-occlusive property of GBR membranes appear to be essential to new bone formation, the role of transmembrane tissue fluid diffusion is not known. The objective of this study was to evaluate the degree to which diffusion across commonly used GBR membranes can support functional properties of osteoblast-like cells in vitro. Cells from an established osteoblast-like line (SAOS-2) were cultured on membranes of cross-linked collagen, noncross linked collagen, and ePTFE. The membranes rested on metal grids which allowed the membranes to lightly contact the surface of the culture medium. As a control, cells were directly plated and cultured in control wells. At days 7 and 21, cells were harvested by scraping the membranes or culture wells and analyzed for expression of alkaline phosphatase (ALP), core binding factor 1 (cbfa-1), bone sialoprotein-2 (BSP-2), and osteocalcin (OC). Expression was determined by quantitative real-time PCR. Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) served as a reference gene. The membranes were examined by transmission light microscopy. RT-PCR revealed up-regulation of ALP of up to 60-fold and of cbfa-1 and BSP of up to threefold relative to G6PDH. Expression of OC was less then onefold. The expression profile for each of the four genes tested demonstrated small variations among cells grown on different membranes. Microscopic observations revealed remnants of undisrupted osteoblast-like cells attached to both collagen membranes. Cell morphology and spatial arrangement indicated that vitality was maintained. Diffusion through the three membranes evaluated in this study was sufficient to support osteoblast-like cell differentiation. FAU - Friedmann, Anton
Machine learning prioritizes synthesis of primaquine ureidoamides with high antimalarial activity and attenuated cytotoxicity.; Primaquine (PQ) is a commonly used drug that can prevent the transmission of Plasmodium falciparum malaria, however toxicity limits its use. We prepared five groups of PQ derivatives: amides 1a-k, ureas 2a-k, semicarbazides 3a,b, acylsemicarbazides 4a-k and bis-ureas 5a-v, and evaluated them for antimalarial activity in vitro against the erythrocytic stage of P. falciparum NF54. Particular substituents, such as trityl (in 2j and 5r) and methoxybenzhydryl (in 3b and 5v) were associated with a favorable cytotoxicity-to-activity ratio. To systematically link structural features of PQ derivatives to antiplasmodial activity, we performed a quantitative structure-activity relationship (QSAR) study using the Support Vector Machines machine learning method. This yielded a highly accurate statistical model (R(2) = 0.776 in cross-validation), which was used to prioritize novel candidate compounds. Seven novel PQ-ureidoamides 10a-g were synthesized and evaluated for activity, highlighting the benzhydryl ureidoamides 10e and 10f derived from p-chlorophenylglycine. Further experiments on human cell lines revealed that 10e and 10f are an order of magnitude less toxic than PQ in vitro while having antimalarial activity indistinguishable from PQ. The toxicity profile of novel compounds 10 toward human cells was particularly favorable when the glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) was inhibited, while toxicity of PQ was exacerbated by G6PD inhibition. Our work therefore highlights promising lead compounds for the development of effective antimalarial drugs that may also be safer for G6PD-deficient patients. In addition, we provide computational inferences of antimalarial activity and cytotoxicity for thousands of PQ-like molecular structures.
Defective carbohydrate metabolism in mice homozygous for the tubby mutation.; Tub is a member of a small gene family, the tubby-like proteins (TULPs), with predominant expression in neurons. Mice carrying a mutation in Tub develop retinal and cochlear degeneration as well as late-onset obesity with insulin resistance. During behavioral and metabolic testing, we found that homozygous C57BL/6J-Tub(tub) mice have a lower respiratory quotient than C57BL/6J controls before the onset of obesity, indicating that tubby homozygotes fail to activate carbohydrate metabolism and instead rely on fat metabolism for energy needs. In concordance with this, tubby mice show higher excretion of ketone bodies and accumulation of glycogen in the liver. Quantitation of liver mRNA levels shows that, during the transition from light to dark period, tubby mice fail to induce glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6pdh), the rate-limiting enzyme in the pentose phosphate pathway that normally supplies NADPH for de novo fatty acid synthesis and glutathione reduction. Reduced G6PDH protein levels and enzymatic activity in tubby mice lead accordingly to lower levels of NADPH and reduced glutathione (GSH), respectively. mRNA levels for the lipolytic enzymes acetyl-CoA synthetase and carnitine palmitoyltransferase are increased during the dark cycle and decreased during the light period, and several citric acid cycle genes are dysregulated in tubby mice. Examination of hypothalamic gene expression showed high levels of preproorexin mRNA leading to accumulation of orexin peptide in the lateral hypothalamus. We hypothesize that abnormal hypothalamic orexin expression leads to changes in liver carbohydrate metabolism and may contribute to the moderate obesity observed in tubby mice. FAU - Wang, Yun
ROS dependent copper toxicity in Hydra-biochemical and molecular study.; Copper, an essential microelement, is known to be toxic to aquatic life at concentrations higher than that could be tolerated. Copper-induced oxidative stress has been documented in vitro, yet the in vivo effects of metal-induced oxidative stress have not been extensively studied in the lower invertebrates. The objective of the present study has been to find the effect of ROS-mediated toxicity of environmentally relevant concentrations of copper at organismal and cellular levels in Hydra magnipapillata. Exposure to copper at sublethal concentrations (0.06 and 0.1mg/L) for 24 or 48h resulted in generation of significant levels of intracellular reactive oxygen species (ROS). We infer that the free radicals here originate predominantly at the lysosomes but partly at the mitochondria also as visualized by H2-DHCFDA staining. Quantitative real-time PCR of RNA extracted from copper-exposed polyps revealed dose-dependent up-regulation of all antioxidant response genes (CAT, SOD, GPx, GST, GR, G6PD). Concurrent increase of Hsp70 and FoxO genes suggests the ability of polyps to respond to stress, which at 48h was not the same as at 24h. Interestingly, the transcript levels of all genes were down-regulated at 48h as compared to 24h incubation period. Comet assay indicated copper as a powerful genotoxicant, and the DNA damage was dose- as well as duration-dependent. Western blotting of proteins (Bax, Bcl-2 and caspase-3) confirmed ROS-mediated mitochondrial cell death in copper-exposed animals. These changes correlated well with changes in morphology, regeneration and aspects of reproduction. Taken together, the results indicate increased production of intracellular ROS in Hydra on copper exposure.
Suitable reference gene for quantitative real-time PCR analysis of gene expression in gonadal tissues of minnow Puntius sophore under high-temperature stress.; BACKGROUND: High ambient temperature is known to affect fish gonadal development and physiology in a variety of ways depending on the severity and duration of exposure; however, the underlying molecular mechanisms are poorly understood. Gonadal gene expression influence the gonadal development, physiology and the quality of egg/sperm produced in teleosts and the mechanistic understanding of spatio-temporal changes in the gonadal gene expression could be instrumental in controlling the fate of egg/sperm and the quality of seed produced. Real time-quantititative polymerase chain reaction (RT-qCR), is a high throughput, sensitive and reproducible methodology used for understanding gene expression patterns by measuring the relative abundance of mRNA transcripts. However, its accuracy relies upon a suitable reference gene whose expression levels remain stable across various experimental conditions. In the present study, we evaluated the suitability of ten potential reference genes to be used as internal controls in RT-qPCR analysis in gonadal tissues (ovary and testis) of minnow Puntius sophore exposed to high temperature stress for different time periods (7 days, 60 days). Expression analysis of ten different constitutively expressed genes viz. 18S ribosomal RNA (18S rRNA), beta actin (βactin), β-2 microglobulin (b2mg), eukaryotic elongation factor-1 (eef1), glyceraldehyde-3phosphate dehydrogenase (gapdh), glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (g6pd), ribosomal binding protein L13 (rpl13), tubulin (tub), tata box binding protein (tbp), ubiquitin (ubi) was carried out by using RT-qPCR and the stability in their expressions were evaluated by using four different algorithms; namely, delta Ct, BestKeeper, geNorm and NormFinder. RESULTS: In ovary, eef1 was found to be the most suitable reference gene in all the algorithms used. In testis, b2mg was found to be the most suitable reference gene in delta Ct, BestKeeper, NormFinder analysis while tbp and eef1 were found to be the most suitable reference genes in geNorm analysis. CONCLUSIONS: In conclusion, eef1 and b2mg were found to be the most suitable reference genes in ovary and testis, respectively, of Puntius sophore exposed to high temperature stress, and could be used as internal controls for gene expression analysis in gonadal tissues of Puntius sophore. FAU - Mahanty, Arabinda
[Protein kinase A signaling pathway participates in high glucose-induced inhibition of G6PD activity and respiratory burst dysfunction in THP-1 cells].; OBJECTIVE: To observe the changes in glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) activity, cAMP and respiratory burst function in THP-1 cells exposed to high glucose and identify the possible signaling pathways to mediate these changes. METHODS: THP-1 cells were treated with high glucose, high glucose plus the PKA inhibitor (PKI), or normal glucose plus Forskolin. The changes in the G6PD activity and cAMP in the exposed cells were assayed using the spectrophotometric method, and the reactive oxygen species (ROS) content in the cell culture was determined using the fluorescent probe DCFH-DA. Western blotting was employed to examine the expression of phosphorylated p47(phox) in the cells. RESULTS: Compared with the normal control cells, the cells exposed to high glucose and to normal glucose and Forskolin showed a significantly lowered G6PD activity, ROS content and expression of phosphorylated p47(phox), but with a increased cAMP content (P<0.01). High glucose exposure in the presence of PKI caused no significant changes in G6PD activity, ROS level, phosphorylated p47(phox) or cAMP compared to those in the normal control cells (P>0.01). CONCLUSION: High glucose causes inhibition of G6PD activity in THP-1 cells via activation of PKA and thus leads to respiratory burst dysfunction, which is the probable mechanism underlying the lowered leucocyte function and susceptibility to infections in diabetic patients. FAU - Zeng, Huiyan
Upregulation of Oxidative Stress Related Genes in a Chronic Kidney Disease Attributed to Specific Geographical Locations of Sri Lanka.; Objective. To infer the influence of internal and external oxidative stress in chronic kidney disease patients of unknown etiology (CKDu) in Sri Lanka, by analyzing expression of genes related directly or indirectly to oxidative stress: glutamate-cysteine ligase catalytic subunit (GCLC), glutathione S-transferase mu 1 (GSTM1), glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD), fibroblast growth factor-23 (FGF23), and NLR family pyrin domain containing 3 (NLRP3). Methods. Reverse transcription quantitative polymerase chain reaction (RT-qPCR) was carried out for the selected populations: CKDu patients (n = 43), chronic kidney disease patients (CKD; n = 14), healthy individuals from a CKDu endemic area (GHI; n = 9), and nonendemic area (KHI; n = 16). Fold changes were quantified relative to KHI. Results. GCLC had greater than threefold upregulation in all three study groups, with a maximum of 7.27-fold upregulation in GHI (p = 0.000). GSTM1 was not expressed in 25.6% of CKDu and 42.9% of CKD patients, but CKDu patients expressing GSTM1 showed upregulation of 2.60-fold (p < 0.05). Upregulation of FGF23 and NLRP3 genes in CKD and CKDu was observed (p < 0.01), with greater fold changes in CKD. Conclusion. Results suggest higher influence of external sources of oxidative stress in CKDu, possibly owing to environmental conditions. FAU - Sayanthooran, Saravanabavan
The Essential Role of H19 Contributing to Cisplatin Resistance by Regulating Glutathione Metabolism in High-Grade Serous Ovarian Cancer.; Primary and acquired drug resistance is one of the main obstacles encountered in high-grade serous ovarian cancer (HGSC) chemotherapy. Cisplatin induces DNA damage through cross-linking and long integrated non-coding RNAs (lincRNAs) play an important role in chemical induced DNA-damage response, which suggests that lincRNAs may be also associated with cisplatin resistance. However, the mechanism of long integrated non-coding RNAs (lincRNAs) acting on cisplatin resistance is not well understood. Here, we showed that expression of lin-RECK-3, H19, LUCAT1, LINC00961, and linc-CARS2-2 was enhanced in cisplatin-resistant A2780-DR cells, while transcriptome sequencing showed decreased Linc-TNFRSF19-1 and LINC00515 expression. Additionally, we verified that different H19 expression levels in HGSC tissues showed strong correlation with cancer recurrence. H19 knockdown in A2780-DR cells resulted in recovery of cisplatin sensitivity in vitro and in vivo. Quantitative proteomics analysis indicated that six NRF2-targeted proteins, including NQO1, GSR, G6PD, GCLC, GCLM and GSTP1 involved in the glutathione metabolism pathway, were reduced in H19-knockdown cells. Furthermore, H19-knockdown cells were markedly more sensitive to hydrogen-peroxide treatment and exhibited lower glutathione levels. Our results reveal a previously unknown link between H19 and glutathione metabolism in the regulation of cancer-drug resistance. FAU - Zheng, Zhi-Guo
Follicular size is associated with the levels of transcripts and proteins of selected molecules responsible for the fertilization ability of oocytes of puberal gilts.; The maturation and developmental competence of the oocyte is acquired during folliculogenesis. It is still unclear whether follicle size is associated with the levels of transcript and protein encoding molecules contributing to the fertilization ability of the porcine oocyte. Follicles were dissected from porcine ovaries after slaughter and classified as small (< 3 mm), medium (3-5 mm) or large (>5 mm), aspirated cumulus-oocyte complexes were cultured in standard porcine IVM culture medium (TCM 199) for 44 h. In developmentally competent oocytes, assessed by determining the activity of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PDH) using a brilliant cresyl blue (BCB) test, real-time quantitative PCR reaction methods, western-blot and confocal microscopy analysis were applied to determine the transcript levels of porcine zona pellucida glycoproteins pZP1, pZP2, pZP3, pZP3 alpha and integrins beta 1 and beta 2, as well as the levels of pZP3 and integrin beta 2 proteins. We observed significantly higher levels of pZP1, pZP3 and integrin beta1 and beta2 transcripts in oocytes collected from medium follicles as compared with small follicles (P<0.001). Moreover, we found an increased content of all investigated mRNAs in oocytes isolated from large follicles as compared with small follicles (P<0.001). Western-blot analysis demonstrated a higher level of pZP3 protein in oocytes isolated from large and medium follicles as compared with small follicles (P<0.001). Our results suggest that the levels of transcripts and proteins for selected molecules contributing to the fertilization ability of oocytes are associated with follicular size in puberal gilts. FAU - Antosik, Pawel
Effects of ammonia stress in the Amazon river shrimp Macrobrachium amazonicum (Decapoda, Palaemonidae).; We evaluate the effects of total ammonia nitrogen-N (TAN) exposure for 72h on (Na(+),K(+))- and V(H(+))-ATPase activities and on their subunit expressions in gills of the diadromous freshwater shrimp Macrobrachium amazonicum. Specific (Na(+),K(+))- and V(H(+))-ATPase activities increased roughly 1.5- to 2-fold, respectively, after exposure to 2.0mmolL(-1) TAN. Quantitative RT-PCR analyses revealed a 2.5-fold increase in V(H(+))-ATPase B subunit mRNA expression while (Na(+),K(+))-ATPase α-subunit expression was unchanged. Immunohistochemical analyses of the gill lamellae located the (Na(+),K(+))-ATPase throughout the intralamellar septal cells, independently of TAN concentration, while the V(H(+))-ATPase was located in both the apical pillar cell flanges and pillar cell bodies. Systemic stress parameters like total hemocyte count decreased by 30% after exposure to 2.0mmolL(-1) TAN, accompanied by increased activities of the oxidative stress enzymes superoxide dismutase, glutathione reductase and glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase in the gills. The stress responses of M. amazonicum to elevated TAN include increases in gill (Na(+),K(+))- and V(H(+))-ATPase activities that are accompanied by changes in oxidative stress enzyme activities, immune system effects and an increase in gill V(H(+))-ATPase gene expression. These findings likely underpin physiological effects in a crustacean like M. amazonicum that exploits multiple ecosystems during its life cycle, as well as under culture conditions that may significantly impact shrimp production by the aquaculture industry.
Diospyros lotus L. fruit extract protects G6PD-deficient erythrocytes from hemolytic injury in vitro and in vivo: prevention of favism disorder.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to evaluate the protective effect of Diospyros lotus L. fruit extract against the hemolytic damage induced by Vicia faba beans extract in both G6PD enzyme-deficient human and rat erythrocyte in vitro and in vivo. MATERIALS AND METHODS: In the former model, venous blood samples were obtained from five subjects with known G6PD deficiency and erythrocyte hemolysis induced by Vicia faba L. bean extract was asessed spectrophotometrically in the presence and absence of Diospyros lotus L. fruits extract. In the in vivo model, G6PD-deficient rats (induced by intraperitoneal injection of dehydroepiandrosterone for 35 days) pre-treated with different doses of Diospyros lotus L. (500, 750, 1000, and 1500 mg/kg, p.o for 7 days) were challenged with Vicia faba beans extract and the protective effect of the fruit extract against hemolysis was evaluated as above. RESULTS AND CONCLUSIONS: The results have shown that Diospyros lotus L. fruits extract has antioxidant activity that may protect against hemolytic damage induced by Vicia faba bean extract in both G6PD-deficient human and rat erythrocytes. The study gives a scientific basis for the efficacy of the fruit extract as used in Iran. The fact that this was shown in human erythrocytes in vitro is significant and provides a rationale for further testing in vivo in G6PD-deficient human populations. FAU - Azadbakht, M
Gene expression studies in prostate cancer tissue: which reference gene should be selected for normalization?; Using quantitative reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR), reference genes are utilized as endogenous controls for relative quantification of target genes in gene profiling studies. The suitability of housekeeping genes for that purpose in prostate cancer tissue has not been sufficiently investigated so far. The objective of this study was to select from a panel of 16 potential candidate reference genes the most stable genes for gene normalization. Expression of mRNA encoding ACTB, ALAS1, ALB, B2M, G6PD, GAPD, HMBS, HPRT1, K-ALPHA-1, POLR2A, PPIA, RPL13A, SDHA, TBP, UBC, and YWHAZ was examined in matched, microdissected malignant and nonmalignant tissue specimens obtained from 17 nontreated prostate carcinomas after radical prostatectomy by real-time RT-PCR. The genes studied displayed a wide expression range with cycle threshold values between 16 and 37. The expression was not different between samples from pT2 and pT3 tumors or between samples with Gleason scores <7 and >or=7 (P>0.05). ACTB, RPL13A, and HMBS showed significant differences (P<0.02 at least) in expressions between malignant and nonmalignant pairs. All other genes did not differ between the matched pairs, and the software programs geNorm and NormFinder were used to ascertain the most suitable reference genes from these candidates. HPRT1, ALAS1, and K-ALPHA-1 were calculated by both programs to be the most stable genes covering a broad range of expression. The expression of the target gene RECK normalized with HRPT1 alone and with the normalization factors generated by the combination of these three reference genes as well as with the unstable genes ACTB or RPL13A is given. That example shows the significance of using suitable reference genes to avoid erroneous normalizations in gene profiling studies for prostate cancer. The use of HPRT1 alone as a reference gene shown in our study was sufficient, but the normalization factors generated from two (HRPT1, ALAS1) or all three genes (HRPT1, ALAS1, K-ALPHA-1) should be considered for an improved reliability of normalization in gene profiling studies of prostate cancer. FAU - Ohl, Falk
Estimating the number of viable animal cells in multiwell culture--a tetrazolium-based assay.; A reliable, indirect method (GPD/INT assay) for estimating the number of live animal cells in multiwell culture has been devised. It is based on the glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (Gpdh) and 6-phosphogluconate dehydrogenase activities present in the cytoplasm of viable eukaryotic cells but not in their bathing medium nor in nonviable cells. A single reagent mixture, buffered at pH 7.8 and containing Tris, Triton X-100, glucose-6-phosphate, nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate (NADP), phenazine methosulfate, and iodonitrotetrazolium violet, is added to the cultures. The Triton X-100 releases the cytoplasmic contents into the medium, facilitating enzyme-catalyzed oxidation of the glucose-6-phosphate and 6-phosphogluconate by NADP. The resulting reduced nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate, NADPH, reduces tetrazolium violet to its formazan, the color of which reflects the number of living cells that were in the culture. The assay was tested on recombinant Gpdh and the several types of animal and insect cell lines to verify the premise that there is proportionality between the amount of GPdh and number of viable cells in the cultures. The method has been used to quantitate the effects of growth inhibitors on cells in 96-well cultures. FAU - Haslam, Gale
Investigation of Pokemon-regulated proteins in hepatocellular carcinoma using mass spectrometry-based multiplex quantitative proteomics.; Pokemon is a transcription regulator involved in embryonic development, cellular differentiation and oncogenesis. It is aberrantly overexpressed in multiple human cancers including Hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) and is considered as a promising biomarker for HCC. In this work, the isobaric tags for relative and absolute quantitation (iTRAQ)-based quantitative proteomics strategy was used to investigate the proteomic profile associated with Pokemon in human HCC cell line QGY7703 and human hepatocyte line HL7702. Samples were labeled with four-plex iTRAQ reagents followed by two-dimensional liquid chromatography coupled with tandem mass spectrometry analysis. A total of 24 differentially expressed proteins were selected as significant. Nine proteins were potentially up-regulated by Pokemon while 15 proteins were potentially down-regulated and many proteins were previously identified as potential biomarkers for HCC. Gene ontology (GO) term enrichment revealed that the listed proteins were mainly involved in DNA metabolism and biosynthesis process. The changes of glucose-6-phosphate 1-dehydrogenase (G6PD, up-regulated) and ribonucleoside-diphosphate reductase large sub-unit (RIM1, down-regulated) were validated by Western blotting analysis and denoted as Pokemon's function of oncogenesis. We also found that Pokemon potentially repressed the expression of highly clustered proteins (MCM3, MCM5, MCM6, MCM7) which played key roles in promoting DNA replication. Altogether, our results may help better understand the role of Pokemon in HCC and promote the clinical applications. FAU - Bi, Xin
Genetic association analysis highlights new loci that modulate hematological trait variation in Caucasians and African Americans.; Red blood cell, white blood cell, and platelet measures, including their count, sub-type and volume, are important diagnostic and prognostic clinical parameters for several human diseases. To identify novel loci associated with hematological traits, and compare the architecture of these phenotypes between ethnic groups, the CARe Project genotyped 49,094 single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) that capture variation in ~2,100 candidate genes in DNA of 23,439 Caucasians and 7,112 African Americans from five population-based cohorts. We found strong novel associations between erythrocyte phenotypes and the glucose-6 phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) A-allele in African Americans (rs1050828, P<2.0×10(-13), T-allele associated with lower red blood cell count, hemoglobin, and hematocrit, and higher mean corpuscular volume), and between platelet count and a SNP at the tropomyosin-4 (TPM4) locus (rs8109288, P=3.0×10(-7) in Caucasians; P=3.0×10(-7) in African Americans, T-allele associated with lower platelet count). We strongly replicated many genetic associations to blood cell phenotypes previously established in Caucasians. A common variant of the α-globin (HBA2-HBA1) locus was associated with red blood cell traits in African Americans, but not in Caucasians (rs1211375, P<7×10(-8), A-allele associated with lower hemoglobin, mean corpuscular hemoglobin, and mean corpuscular volume). Our results show similarities but also differences in the genetic regulation of hematological traits in European- and African-derived populations, and highlight the role of natural selection in shaping these differences.
Both estrogen receptor subtypes, ERα and ERβ, prevent aldosterone-induced oxidative stress in VSMC via increased NADPH bioavailability.; Activation of vascular mineralocorticoid (MR) or estrogen receptors (ER) exerts opposing effects on vascular remodeling. As we have previously shown, activation of either estrogen receptor subtype, ERα or ERβ, is fully sufficient to attenuate vascular remodeling in aldosterone salt-treated rats. To further elucidate the underlying mechanism(s) we tested the hypothesis that ER and MR activation might differentially modulate vascular reactive oxygen species (ROS) generation. In support of this concept, aldosterone increased ROS generation in vascular smooth muscle cells as determined by quantitative dihydroethidium fluorescence microscopy. Co-treatment with the selective ERα agonist 16α-LE2, the selective ERβ agonist 8β-VE2 or the non-selective ER agonist 17β-estradiol (E2) significantly reduced aldosterone-induced ROS generation. The pure ER antagonist ICI 182,780 completely blocked these salutary effects of E2, 16α-LE2 and 8β-VE2. Activation of ERα or ERβ fully blocked the reduction of intracellular nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate (NADPH) levels observed in aldosterone treated vascular smooth muscle cells. Intracellular NADPH levels were closely associated with expression and activity of the NADPH generating enzyme glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase. In conclusion, estrogens attenuate the detrimental vascular effects of excessive MR activation at least in part by preventing the depletion of intracellular NADPH levels.
Expression stability and selection of optimal reference genes for gene expression normalization in early life stage rainbow trout exposed to cadmium and copper.; Gene expression analysis represents a powerful approach to characterize the specific mechanisms by which contaminants interact with organisms. One of the key considerations when conducting gene expression analyses using quantitative real-time reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction (qPCR) is the selection of appropriate reference genes, which is often overlooked. Specifically, to reach meaningful conclusions when using relative quantification approaches, expression levels of reference genes must be highly stable and cannot vary as a function of experimental conditions. However, to date, information on the stability of commonly used reference genes across developmental stages, tissues and after exposure to contaminants such as metals is lacking for many vertebrate species including teleost fish. Therefore, in this study, we assessed the stability of expression of 8 reference gene candidates in the gills and skin of three different early life-stages of rainbow trout after acute exposure (24h) to two metals, cadmium (Cd) and copper (Cu) using qPCR. Candidate housekeeping genes were: beta actin (b-actin), DNA directed RNA polymerase II subunit I (DRP2), elongation factor-1 alpha (EF1a), glyceraldehyde 3-phosphate dehydrogenase (GAPDH), glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD), hypoxanthine phosphoribosyltransferase (HPRT), ribosomal protein L8 (RPL8), and 18S ribosomal RNA (18S). Four algorithms, geNorm, NormFinder, BestKeeper, and the comparative ΔCt method were employed to systematically evaluate the expression stability of these candidate genes under control and exposed conditions as well as across three different life-stages. Finally, stability of genes was ranked by taking geometric means of the ranks established by the different methods. Stability of reference genes was ranked in the following order (from lower to higher stability): HPRT<GAPDH<EF1a<G6PD<RPL8<DRP2<b-actin in gills of fish exposed to Cd; b-actin<GAPDH<G6PD<DRP2<RPL8<HPRT<EF1a in gills of fish exposed to Cu; RPL8<HPRT<GAPDH<G6PD<EF1a<DRP2<b-actin in the skin of fish exposed to Cd; and EF1a<GAPDH<RPL8<HPRT<G6PD<b-actin<DRP2 in the skin of fish exposed to Cu. The results demonstrated that the stability of reference genes depended on the metal, life-stage and/or organ in question. Thus, attention should be paid to these factors before selection of reference gene for relative quantification of the gene expressions.
Convergent peripheral pathways catalyze initial glucose catabolism in Pseudomonas putida: genomic and flux analysis.; In this study, we show that glucose catabolism in Pseudomonas putida occurs through the simultaneous operation of three pathways that converge at the level of 6-phosphogluconate, which is metabolized by the Edd and Eda Entner/Doudoroff enzymes to central metabolites. When glucose enters the periplasmic space through specific OprB porins, it can either be internalized into the cytoplasm or be oxidized to gluconate. Glucose is transported to the cytoplasm in a process mediated by an ABC uptake system encoded by open reading frames PP1015 to PP1018 and is then phosphorylated by glucokinase (encoded by the glk gene) and converted by glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (encoded by the zwf genes) to 6-phosphogluconate. Gluconate in the periplasm can be transported into the cytoplasm and subsequently phosphorylated by gluconokinase to 6-phosphogluconate or oxidized to 2-ketogluconate, which is transported to the cytoplasm, and subsequently phosphorylated and reduced to 6-phosphogluconate. In the wild-type strain, glucose was consumed at a rate of around 6 mmol g(-1) h(-1), which allowed a growth rate of 0.58 h(-1) and a biomass yield of 0.44 g/g carbon used. Flux analysis of (13)C-labeled glucose revealed that, in the Krebs cycle, most of the oxalacetate fraction was produced by the pyruvate shunt rather than by the direct oxidation of malate by malate dehydrogenase. Enzymatic and microarray assays revealed that the enzymes, regulators, and transport systems of the three peripheral glucose pathways were induced in response to glucose in the outer medium. We generated a series of isogenic mutants in one or more of the steps of all three pathways and found that, although all three functioned simultaneously, the glucokinase pathway and the 2-ketogluconate loop were quantitatively more important than the direct phosphorylation of gluconate. In physical terms, glucose catabolism genes were organized in a series of clusters scattered along the chromosome. Within each of the clusters, genes encoding porins, transporters, enzymes, and regulators formed operons, suggesting that genes in each cluster coevolved. The glk gene encoding glucokinase was located in an operon with the edd gene, whereas the zwf-1 gene, encoding glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase, formed an operon with the eda gene. Therefore, the enzymes of the glucokinase pathway and those of the Entner-Doudoroff pathway are physically linked and induced simultaneously. It can therefore be concluded that the glucokinase pathway is a sine qua non condition for P. putida to grow with glucose. FAU - del Castillo, Teresa
Stability evaluation of reference genes for gene expression analysis by RT-qPCR in soybean under different conditions.; Real-time quantitative reverse transcription PCR is a sensitive and widely used technique to quantify gene expression. To achieve a reliable result, appropriate reference genes are highly required for normalization of transcripts in different samples. In this study, 9 previously published reference genes (60S, Fbox, ELF1A, ELF1B, ACT11, TUA5, UBC4, G6PD, CYP2) of soybean [Glycine max (L.) Merr.] were selected. The expression stability of the 9 genes was evaluated under conditions of biotic stress caused by infection with soybean mosaic virus, nitrogen stress, across different cultivars and developmental stages. ΔCt and geNorm algorithms were used to evaluate and rank the expression stability of the 9 reference genes. Results obtained from two algorithms showed high consistency. Moreover, results of pairwise variation showed that two reference genes were sufficient to normalize the expression levels of target genes under each experimental setting. For virus infection, ELF1A and ELF1B were the most stable reference genes for accurate normalization. For different developmental stages, Fbox and G6PD had the highest expression stability between two soybean cultivars (Tanlong No. 1 and Tanlong No. 2). ELF1B and ACT11 were identified as the most stably expressed reference genes both under nitrogen stress and among different cultivars. The results showed that none of the candidate reference genes were uniformly expressed at different conditions, and selecting appropriate reference genes was pivotal for gene expression studies with particular condition and tissue. The most stable combination of genes identified in this study will help to achieve more accurate and reliable results in a wide variety of samples in soybean. FAU - Wan, Qiao
Effect of 300 mT static and 50 Hz 0.1 mT extremely low frequency magnetic fields on Tuber borchii mycelium.; The present work aimed to investigate whether exposure to static magnetic field (SMF) and extremely low frequency magnetic field (ELF-MF) can induce biomolecular changes on Tuber borchii hyphal growth. Tuber borchii mycelium was exposed for 1 h for 3 consecutive days to a SMF of 300 mT or an ELF-MF of 0.1 mT 50 Hz. Gene expression and biochemical analyses were performed. In mycelia exposed to ELF-MF, some genes involved in hyphal growth, investigated using quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction, were upregulated, and the activity of many glycolytic enzymes was increased. On the contrary, no differences were observed in gene expression after exposure to SMF treatment, and only the activities of glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenase and hexokinase increased. The data herein presented suggest that the electromagnetic field can act as an environmental factor in promoting hyphal growth and can be used for applicative purposes, such as the set up of new in vitro cultivation techniques. FAU - Potenza, Lucia
N-acetylcysteine a possible protector against indomethacin-induced peptic ulcer: crosstalk between antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antiapoptotic mechanisms.; This study investigated the gastroprotective effects of N-acetylcysteine (NAC) against indomethacin-induced gastric ulcer in rats. Ulceration was induced by a single oral administration of indomethacin (30 mg/kg). 50 male albino rats were allocated into 5 equal groups: control group received normal saline orally, indomethacin group rats received normal saline orally for 5 days and indomethacin (50 mg/kg) on the last day, ranitidine group received ranitidine (reference drug) orally for 5 days (50 mg/kg) before receiving indomethacin (50 mg/kg) on the last day, and NAC groups received NAC orally at 300 and 500 mg/kg, respectively, for 5 days before receiving indomethacin (50 mg/kg) on the last day. Gastric tissue interleukin-1β (IL-1β), interferon-γ (IFN-γ), and caspase-3 levels were immunoassayed. Total thiol (T-SH), myeloperoxidase (MPO), and glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) were determined by spectrophotometry. Cytokine-induced neutrophil chemoattractant 2α (CINC-2α) gene expression was evaluated in addition to Bcl-2 immunohistochemistry. Pretreatment with NAC improved the inflammatory, apoptotic, and redox status in a dose-dependent manner particularly in NAC 500 mg/kg pretreated group. These results show a role for NAC in improving indomethacin-induced gastric ulceration via antioxidative, antiapoptotic, and anti-inflammatory interactive mechanisms. FAU - Soliman, Nema Ali
Validation of internal control for gene expression study in soybean by quantitative real-time PCR.; BACKGROUND: Normalizing to housekeeping gene (HKG) can make results from quantitative real-time PCR (qRT-PCR) more reliable. Recent studies have shown that no single HKG is universal for all experiments. Thus, a suitable HKG should be selected before its use. Only a few studies on HKGs have been done in plants, and none in soybean, an economically important crop. Therefore, the present study was conducted to identify suitable HKG(s) for normalization of gene expression in soybean. RESULTS: All ten HKGs displayed a wide range of Ct values in 21 sample pools, confirming that they were variably expressed. GeNorm was used to determine the expression stability of the HGKs in seven series sets. For all the sample pools analyzed, the stability rank was ELF1B, CYP2 > ACT11 > TUA > ELF1A > UBC2 > ACT2/7 > TUB > G6PD > UBQ10. For different tissues under the same developmental stage, the rank was ELF1B, CYP2 > ACT2/7 > UBC2 > TUA > ELF1A > ACT11 > TUB > G6PD > UBQ10. For the developmental stage series, the stability rank was ACT2/7, TUA > ELF1A > UBC2 > ELF1B > TUB > CYP2 > ACT11 > G6PD > UBQ10. For photoperiodic treatments, the rank was ACT11, ELF1B > CYP2 > TUA > ELF1A > UBC2 > ACT2/7 > TUB > G6PD > UBQ10. For different times of the day, the rank was ELF1A, TUA > ELF1B > G6PD > CYP2 > ACT11 > ACT2/7 > TUB > UBC2 > UBQ10. For different cultivars and leaves on different nodes of the main stem, the ten HKGs' stability did not differ significantly. Delta Ct approach and 'Stability index' were also used to analyze the expression stability in all 21 sample pools. Results from Delta Ct approach and geNorm indicated that ELF1B and CYP2 were the most stable HKGs, and UBQ10 and G6PD the most variable ones. Results from 'Stability index' analysis were different, with ACT11 and CYP2 being the most stable HKGs, and ELF1A and TUA the most variable ones. CONCLUSION: Our data suggests that HKGs are expressed variably in soybean. Based on the results from geNorm and Delta Ct analysis, ELF1B and CYP2 could be used as internal controls to normalize gene expression in soybean, while UBQ10 and G6PD should be avoided. To achieve accurate results, some conditions may require more than one HKG to be used for normalization. FAU - Jian, Bo
Selection of reference genes for quantitative real-time PCR expression studies in the apomictic and sexual grass Brachiaria brizantha.; BACKGROUND: Brachiaria brizantha is an important forage grass. The occurrence of both apomictic and sexual reproduction within Brachiaria makes it an interesting system for understanding the molecular pathways involved in both modes of reproduction. Quantitative real time PCR (qRT-PCR) has emerged as an important technique to compare expression profile of target genes and, in order to obtain reliable results, it is important to have suitable reference genes. In this work, we evaluated eight potential reference genes for B. brizantha qRT-PCR experiments, isolated from cDNA ovary libraries. Vegetative and reproductive tissues of apomictic and sexual B. brizantha were tested to validate the reference genes, including the female gametophyte, where differences in the expression profile between sexual and apomictic plants must occur. RESULTS: Eight genes were selected from a cDNA library of ovaries of B. brizantha considering the similarity to reference genes: EF1 (elongation factor 1 alpha), E1F4A (eukaryotic initiation factor 4A), GAPDH (glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase), GDP (glyceroldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase), SUCOA (succinyl-CoA ligase), TUB (tubulin), UBCE (ubiquitin conjugating enzyme), UBI (ubiquitin). For the analysis, total RNA was extracted from 22 samples and raw Ct data after qRT-PCR reaction was analyzed for primer efficiency and for an overall analysis of Ct range among the different samples. Elongation factor 1 alpha showed the highest expression levels, whereas succinyl-CoA ligase showed the lowest within the chosen set of samples. GeNorm application was used for evaluation of the best reference genes, and according to that, the least stable genes, with the highest M values were tubulin and succinyl-CoA ligase and the most stable ones, with the lowest M values were elongation factor 1 alpha and ubiquitin conjugating enzyme, when both reproductive and vegetative samples were tested. For ovaries and spikelets of both sexual and apomictic B. brizantha the genes with the lowest M values were BbrizUBCE, BbrizE1F4A and BbrizEF1. CONCLUSION: In total, eight genes belonging to different cellular processes were tested. Out of them, BbrizTUB was the less stable while BbrizEF1 followed by BbrizUBCE were the more stable genes considering male and female reproductive tissues, spikelets, roots and leaves. Regarding the best reference genes for ovary tissues, where apomictic and sexual reproduction must occur, the best reference genes were BbrizUBCE, BbrizE1F4A and BbrizEF1. Our results provide crucial information for transcriptional analysis in the Brachiaria ssp, helping to improve the quality of gene expression data in these species, which constitute an excellent plant system for the study of apomixis. FAU - Silveira, Erica Duarte
[Discovery of the target genes inhibited by formic acid in Candida shehatae].; OBJECTIVE: At transcriptional level, the inhibitory effects of formic acid was investigated on Candida shehatae, a model yeast strain capable of fermenting xylose to ethanol. Thereby, the target genes were regulated by formic acid and the transcript profiles were discovered. METHODS: On the basis of the transcriptome data of C. shehatae metabolizing glucose and xylose, the genes responsible for ethanol fermentation were chosen as candidates by the combined method of yeast metabolic pathway analysis and manual gene BLAST search. These candidates were then quantitatively detected by RQ-PCR technique to find the regulating genes under gradient doses of formic acid. RESULTS: By quantitative analysis of 42 candidate genes, we finally identified 10 and 5 genes as markedly down-regulated and up-regulated targets by formic acid, respectively. CONCLUSION: With regard to gene transcripts regulated by formic acid in C. shehatae, the markedly down-regulated genes ranking declines as follows: xylitol dehydrogenase (XYL2), acetyl-CoA synthetase (ACS), ribose-5-phosphate isomerase (RKI), transaldolase (TAL), phosphogluconate dehydrogenase (GND1), transketolase (TKL), glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (ZWF1), xylose reductase (XYL1), pyruvate dehydrogenase (PDH) and pyruvate decarboxylase (PDC); and a declining rank for up-regulated gens as follows: fructose-bisphosphate aldolase (ALD), glucokinase (GLK), malate dehydrogenase (MDH), 6-phosphofructokinase (PFK) and alcohol dehydrogenase (ADH). FAU - Cai, Peng
Multiple regulatory regions and tissue-specific transcription initiation mediate the expression of NEMO/IKKgamma gene.; NEMO/IKKgamma gene, which is responsible of two allelic diseases in human, EDA-ID and IP, encodes for a protein with a central regulatory role in the activation of the NF-kB pathway. We here provide insights into the molecular mechanism governing NEMO/IKKgamma expression. We mapped 4 distinctive NEMO/IKKgamma transcription start sites each corresponding to an alternative first exon, controlled by two conserved promoters. A distal promoter, named promoter A, located 10 kb upstream of the coding region and a proximal promoter, promoter B, with strong bi-directional activity driving also the transcription of G6PD gene in the opposite direction. The promoter B is housekeeping, it is embedded in a CpG island, required for proper expression and it is down-regulated by methylation. The promoter A is active in cells of hepatic origin and it directs transcription of the main NEMO/IKKgamma 5' UTR alternative transcript in liver, which starts at a tissue-specific site. Qualitative and quantitative expression analysis revealed that each NEMO/IKKgamma 5' UTR alternative transcript has different expression profiles indicating that the control of NEMO/IKKgamma expression is mediated through tissue-specific transcription initiation sites and multiple regulatory regions. FAU - Fusco, Francesca
Food Shortage Causes Differential Effects on Body Composition and Tissue-Specific Gene Expression in Salmon Modified for Increased Growth Hormone Production.; Growth hormone (GH) transgenic salmon possesses markedly increased metabolic rate, appetite, and feed conversion efficiency, as well as an increased ability to compete for food resources. Thus, the ability of GH-transgenic fish to withstand periods of food deprivation as occurs in nature is potentially different than that of nontransgenic fish. However, the physiological and genetic effects of transgenic GH production over long periods of food deprivation remain largely unknown. Here, GH-transgenic coho salmon (Oncorhynchus kisutch) and nontransgenic, wild-type coho salmon were subjected to a 3-month food deprivation trial, during which time performance characteristics related to growth were measured along with proximate compositions. To examine potential genetic effects of GH-transgenesis on long-term food deprivation, a group of genes related to muscle development and liver metabolism was selected for quantitative PCR analysis. Results showed that GH-transgenic fish lose weight at an increased rate compared to wild-type even though proximate compositions remained relatively similar between the groups. A total of nine genes related to muscle physiology (cathepsin, cee, insulin-like growth factor, myostatin, murf-1, myosin, myogenin, proteasome delta, tumor necrosis factor) and five genes related to liver metabolism (carnitine palmitoyltransferase, fatty acid synthase, glucose-6-phosphatase, glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase, glucokinase) were shown to be differentially regulated between GH-transgenic and wild-type coho salmon over time. These genetic and physiological responses assist in identifying differences between GH-transgenic and wild-type salmon in relation to fitness effects arising from elevated growth hormone during periods of long-term food shortage. FAU - Abernathy, Jason
G6PD enzyme activity in normal term Malaysian neonates and adults using a OSMMR2000-D kit with Hb normalization.; Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency is one of the commonest causes of neonatal jaundice in Malaysia. Screening of cord blood for G6PD deficiency by the semiquantitative fluorescent spot test (FST) is performed in Malaysia but this test can miss cases of partial G6PD deficiency. The OSMMR-D kit assay measures G6PD activity and hemoglobin (Hb) concentration, allowing direct expression of results in U/gHb. We evaluated this method and established the normal range for G6PD activity in normal term neonates and adults. EDTA blood from 94 neonates and 295 adults (age 15-59 years old) with normal Hb and FST were selected. The normal means for G6PD activity for neonates and adults were 12.43 +/- 2.28 U/gHb and 9.21 +/- 2.6 U/gHb, respectively; the reference ranges for normal G6PD activity in neonates and adults were 10.15-14.71 U/gHb and 6.61-11.81 U/gHb respectively. There were no significant differences in mean normal G6PD activity between the Malays and Chinese racial groups or between genders. The upper and lower limit cut-off points for partial deficiency in neonates were 7.4 U/gHb (60% of the normal mean) and 2.5 U/gHb (20% of the normal mean), respectively. For adults, the upper and lower limit cut-off points for partial deficiency in adults were 5.52 U/gHb (60% of the normal mean) and 1.84 U/gHb (20% of the normal mean), respectively. The quantitation of G6PD enzymes using this OSMMR-D kit with Hb normalization was simple since the Hb was analyzed simultaneously and the results were reproducible with a CV of less than 5%. FAU - Azma, R Z
Relating mutant genotype to phenotype via quantitative behavior of the NADPH redox cycle in human erythrocytes. LID - e13031 [pii] LID - 10.1371/journal.pone.0013031 [doi]; BACKGROUND: The NADPH redox cycle plays a key role in antioxidant protection of human erythrocytes. It consists of two enzymes: glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) and glutathione reductase. Over 160 G6PD variants have been characterized and associated with several distinct clinical manifestations. However, the mechanistic link between the genotype and the phenotype remains poorly understood. METHODOLOGY/PRINCIPAL FINDINGS: We address this issue through a novel framework (design space) that integrates information at the genetic, biochemical and clinical levels. Our analysis predicts three qualitatively-distinct phenotypic regions that can be ranked according to fitness. When G6PD variants are analyzed in design space, a correlation is revealed between the phenotypic region and the clinical manifestation: the best region with normal physiology, the second best region with a pathology, and the worst region with a potential lethality. We also show that Plasmodium falciparum, by induction of its own G6PD gene in G6PD-deficient erythrocytes, moves the operation of the cycle to a region of the design space that yields robust performance. CONCLUSIONS/SIGNIFICANCE: In conclusion, the design space for the NADPH redox cycle, which includes relationships among genotype, phenotype and environment, illuminates the function, design and fitness of the cycle, and its phenotypic regions correlate with the organism's clinical status. FAU - Coelho, Pedro M B M
Conversion of NO2 to NO by reduced coenzyme F420 protects mycobacteria from nitrosative damage.; In mycobacteria, F(420), a deazaflavin derivative, acts as a hydride transfer coenzyme for an F(420)-specific glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (Fgd). Physiologically relevant reactions in the mycobacteria that use Fgd-generated reduced F(420) (F(420)H(2)) are unknown. In this work, F(420)H(2) was found to be oxidized by NO only in the presence of oxygen. Further analysis demonstrated that NO(2), produced from NO and O(2), was the oxidant. UV-visible spectroscopic and NO-sensor-based analyses proved that F(420)H(2) reduced NO(2) to NO. This reaction could serve as a defense system for Mycobacterium tuberculosis, which is more sensitive to NO(2) than NO under aerobic conditions. Activated macrophages produce NO, which in acidified phagosomes is converted to NO(2). Hence, by converting NO(2) back to NO with F(420)H(2), M. tuberculosis could decrease the effectiveness of antibacterial action of macrophages; such defense would correspond to active tuberculosis conditions where the bacterium grows aerobically. This hypothesis was consistent with the observation that a mutant strain of Mycobacterium smegmatis, a nonpathogenic relative of M. tuberculosis, which either did not produce or could not reduce F(420), was approximately 4-fold more sensitive to NO(2) than the wild-type strain. The phenomenon is reminiscent of the anticancer activity of gamma-tocopherol, which reduces NO(2) to NO and protects human cells from NO(2)-induced carcinogenesis. FAU - Purwantini, Endang
Structural and functional modifications of corneal crystallin ALDH3A1 by UVB light.; As one of the most abundantly expressed proteins in the mammalian corneal epithelium, aldehyde dehydrogenase 3A1 (ALDH3A1) plays critical and multifaceted roles in protecting the cornea from oxidative stress. Recent studies have demonstrated that one protective mechanism of ALDH3A1 is the direct absorption of UV-energy, which reduces damage to other corneal proteins such as glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase through a competition mechanism. UV-exposure, however, leads to the inactivation of ALDH3A1 in such cases. In the current study, we demonstrate that UV-light caused soluble, non-native aggregation of ALDH3A1 due to both covalent and non-covalent interactions, and that the formation of the aggregates was responsible for the loss of ALDH3A1 enzymatic activity. Spectroscopic studies revealed that as a result of aggregation, the secondary and tertiary structure of ALDH3A1 were perturbed. LysC peptide mapping using MALDI-TOF mass spectrometry shows that UV-induced damage to ALDH3A1 also includes chemical modifications to Trp, Met, and Cys residues. Surprisingly, the conserved active site Cys of ALDH3A1 does not appear to be affected by UV-exposure; this residue remained intact after exposure to UV-light that rendered the enzyme completely inactive. Collectively, our data suggest that the UV-induced inactivation of ALDH3A1 is a result of non-native aggregation and associated structural changes rather than specific damage to the active site Cys. FAU - Estey, Tia
Effects of guaiazulene on in vitro bovine embryo production and on mRNA transcripts related to embryo quality.; Reactive oxygen species (ROS) are between the major contributors for the reduced rate of in vitro bovine embryo production. It is believed that they can cause abnormal meiosis of oocytes, developmental arrest or cell death of embryos. Reports on the effectiveness of various antioxidants on embryo yield are rather conflicting mainly due to the nature and the concentration of the substances used. Here we report the effects of guaiazulene--an exogenous antioxidant, without known properties that could interfere with the biological process of IVF--on embryo development and on the quality of the produced blastocysts. Bovine cumulus oocyte complexes (COCs) were aspirated from abattoir ovaries and COCs were matured in TCM199 with FCS and EGF at 39 °C under an atmosphere of 5% CO(2) in air, with maximum humidity. After 24 h oocytes were inseminated with frozen/thawed semen and co-incubated for further 24 h. Zygotes were cultured in groups of 25 in 25 μl of SOF with 5% FCS at 39 °C under an atmosphere of 5% CO(2) , 5% O(2) in air with maximum humidity. In the first experiment the maturation medium was modified with addition of 0.1 mM of G (n = 497), or 0.01 mM of guaiazulene (n = 468), 0.05% DMSO--the guaiazulene diluent (Control(+), n = 467), and 459 oocytes were used as Control(-). In the second experiment, the culture medium was modified with the addition of 0.1 mM of guaiazulene (n = 344), 0.01 mM of guaiazulene (n = 345), 0.05% DMSO (Control(+), n = 347) and 355 were the Control(-). Blastocyst yield was recorded on days 6, 7, 8 and 9. Day 7 blastocysts from each experiment and group were snap frozen and stored for mRNA extraction. Quantification of transcripts for mRNA of genes related to metabolism (AKR1B1, PTGS2, GADPH, SLC2A5, G6PD); oxidation (GPX1); and implantation (PLAC8) was carried out by real time quantitative RT-PCR. Data for embryo development and on transcript abundance were analysed by χ(2) and anova respectively. In the first experiment no differences were found between groups in terms of cleavage rate (Control(-): 74.20%; Control(+): 74.58%; 0.01 mM: 71.61%; 0.1 mM: 71.63%) or day 9 blastocyst yield (Control(-): 28.26%; Control(+): 25.80%; 0.01 mM: 25.86%; 0.1 mM: 25.25%). In the second experiment, cleavage rate tended to be higher in 0.01 mM group than in Control(-) (77.87% vs 71.41% respectively, p = 0.07). No other differences were detected in cleavage rate (Control(+): 71.32%; 0.1mM: 72.75%) or in the overall blastocyst yield on day 9 (Control(-): 25.50%; Control(+): 26.71%; 0.01 mm: 29.58%; 0.1 mM: 25.75%). In both experiments the relative abundance of genes studied varied between groups but these differences were not statistically significant. Our results imply that oxidation has minimal effect on the in vitro embryo production. Guaiazulene, a compound possessing no biological properties other than those of a strong antioxidant, while it increased cleavage rate, it failed to improve either the blastocyst formation rate, or the quality of the produced embryos under 5% O(2) .
Can methanolic extract of Nigella sativa seed affect glyco-regulatory enzymes in experimental hepatocellular carcinoma?; BACKGROUND AND AIM: To investigate the possible modulating role of "Nigella sativa" (NS), a plant commonly used in Egyptian traditional medicine, on premalignant perturbations in three glycol-regulatory enzymes in an experimental rat model of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). METHODS: Thirty-six (36) male albino rats were divided into four groups (n = 9). Group 1 served as a normal control, group 2 was treated with methanolic extract of Nigella sativa (MENS) (1 g/kg/day, orally) for 14 weeks, group 3 received a single intraperitoneal dose of diethyl nitrosamine (DENA) (200 mg/kg), followed 2 weeks later by a subcutaneous injection of carbon tetrachloride (CCl(4), 3 ml/kg/week/6 weeks) and group IV was treated with MENS for 2 weeks prior to administration of the carcinogenic combination (DENA + CCl(4), as in group 3) until the end of the experiment. The total period of the experiment was 14 weeks. RESULTS: In the DENA + CCl(4)-treated group, there was a significant increase in the relative liver weight, serum alpha fetoprotein level and the activities of hexokinase, glyceraldehyde phosphate dehydrogenase and glucose 6 phosphate dehydrogenase in both the serum and liver homogenate; this was accompanied by a subsequent decrease in body weight. Pre-treatment with MENS significantly maintained these parameters close to the normal condition. CONCLUSION: Based on these results, we conclude that MENS has a chemo-preventive effect against the progression into liver malignancy through its modulation of the energy metabolic pathways (i.e. glycolysis) that may be involved in hepatocarcinogenesis. FAU - Abdel-Hamid, N M
Hydrogen sulfide is involved in maintaining ion homeostasis via regulating plasma membrane Na+/H+ antiporter system in the hydrogen peroxide-dependent manner in salt-stress Arabidopsis thaliana root.; Hydrogen sulfide (H2S) and hydrogen peroxide (H2O2) function as the signaling molecules in plants responding to salt stresses. The present study presents a signaling network involving H2S and H2O2 in salt resistance pathway of the Arabidopsis root. Arabidopsis roots were sensitive to 100 mM NaCl treatment, which displayed a great increase in electrolyte leakage (EL) and Na(+)/K(+) ratio under salt stress. The treatment of H2S donors sodium hydrosulfide (NaHS) enhanced the salt tolerance by maintaining a lower Na(+)/K(+) ratio. In addition, the inhibition of root growth under salt stress was removed by H2S. Further studies indicated that H2O2 was involved in H2S-induced salt tolerance pathway. H2S induced the production of the endogenous H2O2 via regulating the activities of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PDH) and plasma membrane (PM) NADPH oxidase, with the treatment with dimethylthiourea (DMTU, an ROS scavenger), diphenylene iodonium (DPI, a PM NADPH oxidase inhibitor), or glycerol (G6PDH inhibitor) removing the effect of H2S. Treatment with amiloride (an inhibitor of PM Na(+)/H(+) antiporter) and vanadate (an inhibitor of PM H(+)-ATPase) also inhibited the activity of H2S on Na(+)/K(+) ratio. Through an analysis of quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction and Western blot, we found that H2S promoted the genes expression and the phosphorylation level of PM H(+)-ATPase and Na(+)/H(+) antiporter protein level. However, when the endogenous H2O2 level was inhibited by DPI or DMTU, the effect of H2S on the PM Na(+)/H(+) antiporter system was removed. Taken together, H2S maintains ion homeostasis in the H2O2-dependent manner in salt-stress Arabidopsis root. FAU - Li, Jisheng
Effects of 5,8-dimethylthieno[2,3-b]quinoline-2-carboxylic acid on the antioxidative defense and lipid membranes in Plasmodium berghei-infected erythrocytes.; Plasmodium parasites degrade hemoglobin producing reactive oxygen species as toxic byproducts which are detoxified by a series of antioxidant mechanisms. Quinoline compounds have demonstrated activity against hemoglobin degradation with 5,8-dimethylthieno[2,3-b]quinoline-2-carboxylic acid (TQCA) representing a recent compound inhibiting this process. Thus, this study was undertaken to determine the ability of TQCA to modify the oxidative status in Plasmodium berghei-infected erythrocytes. After hemolysis, activities of superoxide dismutase (SOD), catalase (CAT), glutathione peroxidase (GPx), glutathione reductase (GR) and dehydrogenase enzymes as well as lipid peroxidation were investigated by spectrophotometry. Saturated and unsaturated fatty acids were determined by gas-liquid chromatography and the in vivo effects of TQCA were confirmed by a malaria murine model (Rane test). The activity of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PDH) and 6-phosphogluconate dehydrogenase (6PGDH) in infected cells was diminished by this compound compared to control infection in 75.1 ± 3.5% and 26.5 ± 0.3%, respectively, while that of GPx and GR was also lowered (p <0.05). As an adaptive response we appreciated a 2.3-fold increase of SOD activity compared to control infection. Lipid peroxidation and the saturated/unsaturated fatty acids ratio were also decreased by this quinoline derivate in 49.2 ± 1.32% and 37 ± 0.06%, respectively, protecting the cells from hemolysis caused by the infection. The in vitro results were in concordance with the potential in vivo activity of this compound in an established malaria murine model in which TQCA showed significant decrease in the parasitemia levels and increased the mean survival days of infected mice. In conclusion, the antioxidant defense represents a biochemical target for TQCA actions as a potent antimalarial whose effects were also confirmed in vivo.
Differential induction of enzymes and genes involved in lipid metabolism in liver and visceral adipose tissue of juvenile yellow catfish Pelteobagrus fulvidraco exposed to copper.; The present study was conducted to determine the mechanism of waterborne Cu exposure influencing lipid metabolism in liver and visceral adipose tissue (VAT) of juvenile yellow catfish Pelteobagrus fulvidraco. Yellow catfish were exposed to four waterborne copper (Cu) concentrations (2 (control), 24 (low), 71 (medium), 198 (high) μg Cu/l, respectively) for 6 weeks. Waterborne Cu exposure had a negative effect on growth and several condition indices (condition factor, viscerosomatic index, hepatosomatic index and visceral adipose index). In liver, lipid content, activities of lipogenic enzymes (6-phosphogluconate dehydrogenase (6PGD), glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD), malic enzyme (ME), isocitrate dehydrogenase (ICDH), and fatty acid synthase (FAS)) as well as mRNA levels of 6PGD, G6PD, FAS and sterol-regulator element-binding protein-1 (SREBP-1) genes decreased with increasing Cu concentrations. However, activity and mRNA level of lipoprotein lipase (LPL) gene in liver increased. In VAT, G6PD, ME and LPL activities as well as the mRNA levels of FAS, LPL and PPARγ genes decreased in fish exposed to higher Cu concentrations. The differential Pearson correlations between transcription factors (SREBP-1 and peroxisome proliferators-activated receptor-γ (PPARγ)), and the activities and mRNA expression of lipogenic enzymes and their genes were observed between liver and VAT. Thus, our study indicated that reduced lipid contents in liver and VAT after Cu exposure were attributable to the reduced activities and mRNA expression of lipogenic enzymes and their genes in these tissues. Different response patterns of several tested enzymes and genes to waterborne Cu exposure indicated the tissue-specific regulatory effect of lipid metabolism following waterborne Cu exposure. To our knowledge, the present study provides, for the first time, evidence that waterborne chronic Cu exposure can disturb the normal processes of lipid metabolism at both the enzymatic and molecular levels, and in two tissues (the liver and adipose tissue), which serves to increase our understanding of the mechanisms underlying lipid metabolism during Cu exposure.
Insulin regulation of glutathione and contractile phenotype in diabetic rat ventricular myocytes.; Cardiovascular complications of diabetes mellitus involve oxidative stress and profound changes in reduced glutathione (GSH), an essential tripeptide that controls many redox-sensitive cell functions. This study examined regulation of GSH by insulin to identify mechanisms controlling cardiac redox state and to define the functional impact of GSH depletion. GSH was measured by fluorescence microscopy in ventricular myocytes isolated from Sprague-Dawley rats made diabetic by streptozotocin, and video and confocal microscopy were used to measure mechanical properties and Ca(2+) transients, respectively. Spectrophotometric assays of tissue extracts were also done to measure the activities of enzymes that control GSH levels. Four weeks after injection of streptozotocin, mean GSH concentration ([GSH]) in isolated diabetic rat myocytes was approximately 36% less than in control, correlating with decreased activities of two major enzymes regulating GSH levels: glutathione reductase and gamma-glutamylcysteine synthetase. Treatment of diabetic rat myocytes with insulin normalized [GSH] after a delay of 3-4 h. A more rapid but transient upregulation of [GSH] occurred in myocytes treated with dichloroacetate, an activator of pyruvate dehydrogenase. Inhibitor experiments indicated that insulin normalized [GSH] via the pentose pathway and gamma-glutamylcysteine synthetase, although the basal activity of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase was not different between diabetic and control hearts. Diabetic rat myocytes were characterized by significant mechanical dysfunction that correlated with diminished and prolonged Ca(2+) transients. This phenotype was reversed by in vitro treatment with insulin and also by exogenous GSH or N-acetylcysteine, a precursor of GSH. Our data suggest that insulin regulates GSH through pathways involving de novo GSH synthesis and reduction of its oxidized form. It is proposed that a key function of glucose metabolism in heart is to supply reducing equivalents required to maintain adequate GSH levels for the redox control of Ca(2+) handling proteins and contraction. FAU - Li, Shumin
Validation of reference genes for RT-qPCR analysis of CYP4T expression in crucian carp.; Reference genes are commonly used for normalization of target gene expression during RT-qPCR analysis. However, no housekeeping genes or reference genes have been identified to be stable across different tissue types or under different experimental conditions. To identify the most suitable reference genes for RT-qPCR analysis of target gene expression in the hepatopancreas of crucian carp (Carassius auratus) under various conditions (sex, age, water temperature, and drug treatments), seven reference genes, including beta actin (ACTB), beta-2 microglobulin (B2M), embryonic elongation factor-1 alpha (EEF1A), glyceraldehyde phosphate dehydrogenase (GAPDH), alpha tubulin (TUBA), ribosomal protein l8 (RPL8) and glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PDH), were evaluated in this study. The stability and ranking of gene expression were analyzed using three different statistical programs: GeNorm, Normfinder and Bestkeeper. The expression errors associated with selection of the genes were assessed by the relative quantity of CYP4T. The results indicated that all the seven genes exhibited variability under the experimental conditions of this research, and the combination of ACTB/TUBA/EEF1A or of ACTB/EEF1A was the best candidate that raised the accuracy of quantitative analysis of gene expression. The findings highlighted the importance of validation of housekeeping genes for research on gene expression under different conditions of experiment and species. FAU - Mo, Fei
Why does the Iranian national program of screening newborns for G6PD enzyme deficiency miss a large number of affected infants?; PURPOSE: G6PD enzyme deficiency is one of the most prevalent genetic disorders worldwide and it has high incidence rate in Northern provinces of Iran. It was observed that national neonatal screening for G6PD enzyme deficiency fails to detect all affected infants. In order to clarify the cause, this study has been done in Thalassemia Research Center, Sari, Iran. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This was a diagnostic study. The newborns with parents of Mazandarani origin were enrolled. Cord blood from the placental side was collected and used for decolorization test, quantitative enzyme assay (QEA) and DNA study. A heel-prick sample collected on day 3-5 after birth was used for fluorescent spot test (FST). In male cases, QEA was considered as the gold standard. For females, DNA study was considered as the gold standard. Based on QEA test results, neonates with <20% and 20-60% of mean normal enzyme activity were considered as total deficient and partial deficient, respectively. RESULTS: A total of 365 neonates (52.3% females and 47.7% males) were studied. According to FST, 13 male newborns had G6PD deficiency. No deficient female was detected. Decolorization test diagnosed 18 male and one female as G6PD deficient newborns. QEA diagnosed 19 males and 28 females with G6PD enzyme deficiency (26 partial, 2 total deficient cases). DNA analysis detected 14 males as hemizygote and 34 females as heterozygote. CONCLUSION: FST does not have the required sensitivity for newborn screening and QEA is recommended as the preferred method. FAU - Kosaryan, Mehrnoush
Optimisation of reference genes for gene-expression analysis in a rabbit model of left ventricular diastolic dysfunction.; Left ventricular diastolic dysfunction (LVDD) is characterized by the disturbance of ventricle's performance due to its abnormal relaxation or to its increased stiffness during the diastolic phase. The molecular mechanisms underlying LVDD remain unknown. We aimed to identify normalization genes for accurate gene-expression analysis of LVDD using quantitative real-time PCR (RT-PCR) in a new rabbit model of LVDD. Eighteen rabbits were fed with a normal diet (n = 7) or a 0.5% cholesterol-enriched diet supplemented with vitamin D2 (n = 11) for an average of 14.5 weeks. We validated the presence of LVDD in this model using echocardiography for diastolic function assessment. RT-PCR was performed using cDNA derived from left ventricle samples to measure the stability of 10 genes as candidate reference genes (Gapdh, Hprt1, Ppia, Sdha, Rpl5, Actb, Eef1e1, Ywhaz, Pgk1, and G6pd). Using geNorm analysis, we report that Sdha, Gapdh and Hprt1 genes had the highest stability (M <0.2). By contrast, Hprt1 and Rpl5 genes were found to represent the best combination for normalization when using the Normfinder algorithm (stability value of 0.042). Comparison of both normalization strategies highlighted an increase of natriuretic peptides (Bnp and Anp), monocytes chemotactic protein-1 (Mcp-1) and NADPH oxidase subunit (Nox-2) mRNA expressions in ventricle samples of the hypercholesterolemic rabbits compared to controls (P<0.05). This increase correlates with LVDD echocardiographic parameters and most importantly it molecularly validates the presence of the disease in our model. This is the first study emphasizing the selection of stable reference genes for RT-PCR normalization in a rabbit model of LVDD. FAU - Nachar, Walid
Changes in the expression of proteins associated with aerobic glycolysis and cell migration are involved in tumorigenic ability of two glioma cell lines.; BACKGROUND: The most frequent and malignant brain cancer is glioblastoma multiforme (GBM). In gliomas, tumor progression and poor prognosis are associated with the tumorigenic ability of the cells. U87MG cells (wild-type p53) are known to be tumorigenic in nude mice, but T98G cells (mutant p53) are not tumorigenic. We investigated the proteomic profiling of these two cell lines in order to gain new insights into the mechanisms that may be involved in tumorigenesis. RESULTS: We found 24 differentially expressed proteins between T98G and U87MG cells. Gene Ontology supports the notion that over-representation of differentially expressed proteins is involved in glycolysis, cell migration and stress oxidative response. Among those associated with the glycolysis pathway, TPIS and LDHB are up-regulated in U87MG cells. Measurement of glucose consumption and lactate production suggests that glycolysis is more effective in U87MG cells. On the other hand, G6PD expression was 3-fold higher in T98G cells and this may indicate a shift to the pentose-phosphate pathway. Moreover, GRP78 expression was also three-fold higher in T98G than in U87MG cells. Under thapsigargin treatment both cell lines showed increased GRP78 expression and the effect of this agent was inversely correlated to cell migration. Quantitative RT-PCR and immunohistochemistry of GRP78 in patient samples indicated a higher level of expression of GRP78 in grade IV tumors compared to grade I and non-neoplastic tissues, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Taken together, these results suggest an important role of proteins involved in key functions such as glycolysis and cell migration that may explain the difference in tumorigenic ability between these two glioma cell lines and that may be extrapolated to the differential aggressiveness of glioma tumors. FAU - Ramão, Anelisa
Determination of para-phenylenediamine (PPD) in henna in the United Arab Emirates.; Henna is very popular in the United Arab Emirates (UAE); it is part of the culture and traditions. Allergy to natural henna is not usual; however the addition of para-phenylenediamine (PPD) to the natural henna increases the risk of allergic contact dermatitis. The objectives of the study were to identify the presence and concentration of PPD in henna available in UAE. Fifteen henna salons were selected randomly from three cities in UAE. Twenty five henna samples were acquired from these selected salons. The presence of PPD in henna samples was determined qualitatively and quantitatively using High Performance Liquid Chromatography (HPLC). The study showed that PPD was present in all of the black henna samples at concentrations ranging between 0.4% and 29.5% and higher than that recommended for hair dyes in most of the black henna samples. The presence of PPD in the black henna increases the risk of allergic contact dermatitis among users of black henna and a number of cases have already been reported in UAE. FAU - Al-Suwaidi, Ayesha
Effects of Weight Reduction After Sleeve Gastrectomy on Metabolic Variables in Saudi Obese Subjects in Aseer Province of Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.; OBJECTIVES: The objectives of this study were to investigate the occurrence of oxidative stress, status of protective antioxidants enzymes, inflammatory biomarkers, and some metabolic health variables in the blood and to compare the results between those of the normal controls and obese patients submitted to sleeve gastrectomy-induced weight loss over a 1-year follow-up period. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A prospective study was conducted in Aseer Central Hospital and Abha Private Hospital in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia from January 2012 to January 2013 on 50 normal (BMI = 22-25 kg/m(2)) control subjects and 50 obese (BMI = 45-50 kg/m(2)) patients. A subset of 20 men and 80 women patients, aged 20-45 years, was included. The systemic blood cell counts were determined by Beckman Coulter UniCel analyzer. The occurrence of oxidative stress, the status of antioxidant enzyme system in the blood, levels of serum hepatic enzymes, cardiovascular risk factors, and serum sodium, potassium, copper, and zinc levels were determined by spectrophotometric procedures. The concentration of TSH and T(4) were analyzed by Siemens Immunoassay System. RESULTS: Group 1 (Obese: preoperative) This group compared with the normal controls exhibited significant (p < 0.05) increase in inflammatory biomarkers, a significant (p < 0.05) rise in hepatic enzymes, a significant (p < 0.05) decrease in serum total bilirubin. Concentration of serum total cholesterol (TC), triacylglycerides (TG), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), and fasting blood glucose(FBG) were significantly (p < 0.05) increased, but HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) was significantly depleted (p < 0.05). Serum urea and creatinine contents were significantly (p < 0.05) decreased. Serum copper and zinc levels were significantly (p < 0.05) increased. Group 2: Sleeve Gastrectomy Surgery (Obese: postoperative) This group compared with the obese group, preoperatively, demonstrated a profound reduction in body weight (-32%) as well as in BMI (-29%). Serum malondialdehyde, a stress index, was significantly (p < 0.001) inhibited and conversely, activities of antioxidant enzymes: superoxide dismutase(Cu-Zn SOD), glutathione peroxidase (GPx), glutathione-S-transferase (GST), glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PDH), and vitamin C, were remarkably (p < 0.001) increased. Furthermore, remarkable improvements in deranged metabolic variables approaching normality were discernible. Inflammatory biomarkers in the blood and hepatic enzymes in serum were significantly (p < 0.001) decreased. Levels of TC, TG, LDL-C, FBG, and HDL-C in serum exhibited significant (p < 0.05) reductions, a reversal toward normality. Serum albumin and total bilirubin concentrations were significantly increased (p < 0.001). Serum sodium, potassium, copper, zinc, and TSH levels were significantly (p < 0.001) decreased. CONCLUSIONS: Obesity is a chronic disease of multifactorial origin and resulted in perturbations of whole body metabolism in this study. It is thus likely that this imbalance was associated with an inhibition in protective antioxidants and occurrence of oxidative stress. The staging concept of sleeve gastrectomy is a safe and effective approach with remarkable efficacy in sustaining weight loss and bringing back normal metabolism of variables in tissues over a 1-year follow-up period. FAU - Bawahab, Mohammed A
Pre- and postnatal toxicity of diazinon induces disruption of spermatogenetic cell line evidenced by increased testicular marker enzymes activities in rat offspring.; The objective of this study was to study the possible reproductive adverse effects of the diazinon on rat offspring exposed in utero and during lactation. Dams were gavaged daily (10, 15, and 30 mg/kg) before mating, during mating, and during pregnancy and lactation in separate groups. Reproductive outcome data of dams were examined. Body weight, testis weight, testicular marker enzyme activities (alkaline phosphatase, acid phosphatase, lactate dehydrogenase, and glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase), qualitative and quantitative testicular and epididymal histology, and immunohistochemisty for 3-β-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase (HSD) were examined in male offspring at puberty and adulthood. The 30-mg/kg dose induced significant adverse effects at both puberty and adulthood in offspring. At puberty the male offspring showed a decrease in testicular weight, degenerative changes, and 3-β-HSD. Moreover, an increase in activity of alkaline and acid phosphatase also was observed. At adulthood, there was a decrease in testicular weight and 3-β-HSD with an increase in the levels of testicular marker enzyme. There was evidence of some adverse reproductive effects in male offspring at the 15-mg/kg dose. Most of the adverse effects were irreversible and were evident at both puberty and adulthood in offspring, although a few parameters reverted back to the normal growth pattern. Hence, diazinon is a reproductive toxicant in male offspring, which caused significant damage to the testes when exposed during prenatal and postnatal life. FAU - Jayachandra, Srinivasa
Oxidative stress in patients with nongenital warts.; Comparison of oxidative stress status between subjects with or without warts is absent in the literature. In this study, we evaluated 31 consecutive patients with warts (15 female, 16 male) and 36 control cases with no evidence of disease to determine the effects of oxidative stress in patients with warts. The patients were classified according to the wart type, duration, number, and location of lesions. We measured the indicators of oxidative stress such as catalase (CAT), glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD), superoxide dismutase (SOD), and malondialdehyde (MDA) in the venous blood by spectrophotometry. There was a statistically significant increase in levels of CAT, G6PD, SOD activities and MDA in the patients with warts compared to the control group (P< .05). However, we could not define a statistically significant correlation between these increased enzyme activities and MDA levels and the type, the duration, the number, and the location of lesions. We determined possible suppression of T cells during oxidative stress that might have a negative effect on the prognosis of the disease. Therefore, we propose an argument for the appropriateness to give priority to immunomodulatory treatment alternatives instead of destructive methods in patients with demonstrated oxidative stress. FAU - Sasmaz, Sezai
Effects of shRNA-Mediated Silencing of PKM2 Gene on Aerobic Glycolysis, Cell Migration, Cell Invasion, and Apoptosis in Colorectal Cancer Cells.; This study aims to explore the effects of shRNA-mediated silencing on Pyruvate kinase type M2 (PKM2) gene during aerobic glycolysis in colorectal cancer (CRC) cells. CRC tissues and adjacent normal tissues were obtained from 136 patients diagnosed with qRT-PCR, Western blotting, and immunohistochemistry (IHC) were performed to detect mRNA and protein expressions of PKM2. CRC cells were divided into a blank, vector, and PKM2-shRNA groups. Hexokinase (HK) and PKM2 activity were both determined by glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G-6-PD) coupled colorimetric assay and enzyme coupling rate method. The extracellular lactate concentration was measured by ultraviolet spectrophotometer and caspase activity was measured using spectrophotometry. The proliferation, cell cycle, apoptosis, invasion, and migration of CRC cells were detected by cell counting kit-8 (CCK-8) assay, flow cytometry, transwell assay, and scratch test. Three groups of nude mice were injected with 0.2 mL single-cell suspension from the blank, vector, and PKM2-shRNA groups, respectively. PKM2 protein content in CRC tissues was higher than that in adjacent normal tissues. Results showed that the PKM2-shRNA group exhibited significantly lower mRNA and protein expressions of PKM2, decreased PKM2 activity, reduced lactate metabolism level, increased cell apoptosis rate, elevated caspase-3 and caspase-9 activity, weakened proliferation, and a reduction in cell invasion and migration ability compared to the vector and blank groups. The optical density (OD) value was lower in the PKM2-shRNA group than in the blank and vector groups. These findings indicate that shRNA-mediated silencing of PKM2 gene promotes apoptosis and inhibits aerobic glycolysis, proliferation, migration, and invasion in CRC cells. J. Cell. Biochem. 118: 4792-4803, 2017. © 2017 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Mapping multiple Quantitative Trait Loci by Bayesian classification.; We developed a classification approach to multiple quantitative trait loci (QTL) mapping built upon a Bayesian framework that incorporates the important prior information that most genotypic markers are not cotransmitted with a QTL or their QTL effects are negligible. The genetic effect of each marker is modeled using a three-component mixture prior with a class for markers having negligible effects and separate classes for markers having positive or negative effects on the trait. The posterior probability of a marker's classification provides a natural statistic for evaluating credibility of identified QTL. This approach performs well, especially with a large number of markers but a relatively small sample size. A heat map to visualize the results is proposed so as to allow investigators to be more or less conservative when identifying QTL. We validated the method using a well-characterized data set for barley heading values from the North American Barley Genome Mapping Project. Application of the method to a new data set revealed sex-specific QTL underlying differences in glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase enzyme activity between two Drosophila species. A simulation study demonstrated the power of this approach across levels of trait heritability and when marker data were sparse. FAU - Zhang, Min
Role of vitamin E supplementation on serum levels of copper and zinc in hemolytic anemic patients with G6PD deficiency.; Vitamin E scavenges free radicals and may prevent destruction of RBC in Glucose6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficient hemolytic anemia, where changes in copper (Cu) and zinc (Zn) may act as additional contributory factors for hemolysis. In the present study changes in serum Cu and Zn and role of vitamin E supplementation on these changes were observed in hemolytic anemic patients with G6PD deficiency. This study was conducted in the Department of Physiology, Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujib Medical University (BSMMU), Dhaka during July 2005-June 2006. For this, 102 subjects with age ranged 5-40 years of both sexes were included in the study. Among them 68 were G6PD deficient patients, of whom 34 were in supplemented group and 34 were non-supplemented group. The supplemented group received vitamin E for 60 consecutive days at a dose of 800 IU/day for adult and 400 IU/day for children < or =12 years (4 times daily). Age and sex matched 34 apparently healthy subjects with normal G6PD level were taken to observe the base line data (healthy control) and also for comparison. All the G6PD deficient patients were selected from the Out Patient Department (OPD) of Hematology, BSMMU, Dhaka, and all the healthy subjects from personal contact. Blood G6PD level was done by spectrophotometric method and serum Cu, Zn levels by atomic absorption spectrophotometric method. To observe the availability of binding proteins serum total protein, albumin, globulin and A:G ratio were done by standard laboratory techniques. All parameters were measured on day 1 of their 1st visit and also on day 60 in deficient groups. Data analysis was done by appropriate statistical method. Serum Cu was significantly (p<0.001) higher but serum Zn, total protein, albumin, A/G ratio were significantly (p<0.001) lower in G6PD deficient groups in comparison to those of healthy control on day 1. After vitamin E supplementation, values of these parameters were comparable with those of healthy control in supplemented group in comparison to those of their pre-supplemented and non-supplemented groups both on day 1 and day 60. So, vitamin E supplementation has got its effective role in restoration of normal serum concentration of Cu and Zn in this group of patients. FAU - Sultana, N
Risk assessment for adverse outcome in term and late preterm neonates with bilirubin values of 20 mg/dL or more.; The aim of this study is to identify clinical, etiologic, and laboratory factors that potentiate adverse outcome of hyperbilirubinemia among term and late preterm neonates in logistic regression analysis. A retrospective cohort of infants with total serum bilirubin (TSB) ≥ 20 mg/dL from 1995 to 2007 was surveyed. Eighteen infants had adverse outcome. Controls were 270 infants without sequelae. Risks were significantly higher in infants with six etiologies causing hyperbilirubinemia: sepsis (odds ratio [OR] = 161.7, 95% confidence interval [CI] = 11.7 to 2242.8), gastrointestinal obstruction (OR = 39.2, 95% CI = 2.7 to 567.3), Rh incompatibility (OR = 31.0, 95% CI = 5.1 to 188.9), hereditary spherocytosis (OR = 19.6, 95% CI = 1.6 to 235.5), ABO incompatibility (OR = 5.1, 95% CI = 1.3 to 19.7), and glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency (OR = 4.7, 95% CI = 1.3 to 16.7). Infants with acute bilirubin encephalopathy were more likely to have adverse outcome than subjects without acute bilirubin encephalopathy (OR = 281.7, 95% CI = 25.8 to 3076.7). Adverse outcome was more common in infants with a positive direct Coombs test (OR = 4.5, 95% CI = 1.3 to 15.4). Infants with hemoglobin < 10 g/dL tended to have adverse outcome more often than those with hemoglobin ≥ 13 g/dL (OR = 11.8, 95% CI = 3.3 to 42.9). Infants with TSB of 35 mg/dL or more (OR = 472.5, 95% CI = 47.8 to 4668.8) and of 30 to 34.9 mg/dL (OR = 9.5, 95% CI = 1.6 to 57.9) carry greater risks as compared with those with TSB of 20 to 24.9 mg/dL. In conclusion, this study quantitatively verified the potential risks for adverse outcome of neonatal hyperbilirubinemia.
Methemoglobinemia Hemotoxicity of Some Antimalarial 8-Aminoquinoline Analogues and Their Hydroxylated Derivatives: Density Functional Theory Computation of Ionization Potentials.; The administration of primaquine (PQ), an essential drug for the treatment and radical cure of malaria, can lead to methemoglobin formation and life-threatening hemolysis for glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficient patients. The ionization potential (IP, a quantitative measure of the ability to lose an electron) of the metabolites generated by antimalarial 8-aminoquinoline (8-AQ) drugs like PQ has been believed to be correlated in part to this methemoglobinemia hemotoxicity: the lower the IP of an 8-AQ derivative, the higher the concentration of methemoglobin generated. In this work, demethoxylated primaquine (AQ02) was employed as a model, by intensive computation at the B3LYP-SCRF(PCM)/6-311++G**//B3LYP/6-31G** level in water, to study the effects of hydroxylation at various positions on the ionization potential. Compared to the parent AQ02, the IPs of AQ02's metabolites hydroxylated at N1', C5, and C7 were lower by 61, 30, and 19 kJ/mol, respectively, while differences in the IP relative to PQ were small for hydroxylation at all other positions. The C6 position, at which the IP of the hydroxylated metabolite was greater than that of AQ02, by 2 kJ/mol, was found to be unique. Several literature and proposed 8-AQ analogues were studied to evaluate substituent effects on their potential to generate methemoglobin, with the finding that hydroxylations at N1' and C5 contribute the most to the potential hemotoxicity of PQ-based antimalarials, whereas hydroxylation at C7 has little effect. Phenoxylation at C5 in PQ-based 8-AQs can block the hydroxylation at C5 and reduce the potential for methemoglobin generation, while -CF3 and chlorines attached to the phenolic ring can further reduce the risk. The H-shift at N1' during the cationization of hydroxylated metabolites of 8-AQs sharply decreased their IPs, but this effect can be significantly reduced by the introduction of an electron-withdrawing group to the quinoline core. The results and this approach may be utilized for the design of safer antimalarial 8-AQ analogues. FAU - Ding, Yuanqing
Different cellular responses evoked by natural and stoichiometric synthetic chrysotile asbestos.; The carcinogenic potency of asbestos, including chrysotile, is well established. Several physico-chemical features of the fibers appear implied, such as fibrous habit, size, crystallinity, morphology, and surface active metal ions, where free radical generation may take place. In contrast to other asbestos forms, iron is not a stoichiometric component of chrysotile, but is only present together with other extraneous ions as a magnesium- and silicon-replacing contaminant. To determine the role played by contaminating ions and morphological features of the fibers, a stoichiometric chrysotile with constant structure and morphology was synthesized in hydrothermal conditions. Free radical generation and the effects of these fibers on human lung epithelial A549 cells have been compared to that elicited by a well known toxic natural chrysotile (UICC A, from Rhodesia). After a 24-h incubation, the natural, but not the synthetic, form exerted a cytotoxic effect, detected as leakage of lactate dehydrogenase. Homolytic rupture of a C-H bond and lipoperoxidation in A549 cells took place in the presence of the natural, but not of the synthetic, chrysotile. Antioxidant systems were also affected differently. The pentose phosphate pathway and its regulatory enzyme glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenase were markedly inhibited only by the natural specimen, which also caused a depletion of intracellular reduced glutathione in A549 cells. These results suggest that metal ions, fiber size and state of the surface play a crucial role in the oxidative stress caused by chrysotile asbestos. Stoichiometric synthetic fibers may thus be proposed as a reference standard (negative control) for toxicological studies. FAU - Gazzano, Elena
[Neonatal screening of G6PD deficiency in Tunisia].; The Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PI) deficiency is the most common enzymopathy worldwide. WHO had classified Tunisia among countries that are moderately affected by this affection. However, no mass-screening reflecting the real incidence was realized. The aim of this study is to determine the prevalence of this enzymopathy and its molecular basis in Tunisia. A total of 1102 neonates, born in CMNT center of Maternity and of Neonatology of Tunis during the going periods from April, 2005 till May, 2005 and from June, 2006 till September, 2006, have been enclosed in the study. The samplings included 953peripheral venous blood and 149 blood cordon. Among 1102 samplings, only 976 were of use to the screening. In our mass-screening, we consider all newborns that were born in the CMNT during the period of study and were included in the screening. A dosage of the enzymatic activity was realized using spectrophotometric method. G6PD electrophoresis and molecular study by PCR/RFLP were realized for the overdrawn newborn children. Among 976 screening neonates, 43 individuals (4.4%) were found to be G6PD deficient by quantitative enzyme assay. Newborn affected were distributed in 23 boys and 20 girls (sex ratio of 1.15). The electrophoretic mobility and the molecular biology were realized for the affected newborn. Molecular characterization of 30 G6PD deficient neonates revealed that the G6PD A- was the most common and was detected in 20 of 43 individuals (66.7%), followed by G6PD Mediterranean that was detected in 6 (13.3%). At least, 4 other unknown mutations were not able to be determined by PCR/RFLP (n=4). In conclusion G6PD deficiency is frequent in our country, justifying a systematic neonatal screening, to avoid the arisen of grave consequences of this affection. The African variant is the most frequent in our country followed by the Mediterranean one. FAU - Guellouz, N
Activities of lipogenic enzymes in subcutaneous adipose tissue are not increased in patients with chronic kidney failure.; INTRODUCTION: Since renal replacement therapy has started to be a routine procedure in chronic kidney disease (CKD), patients no longer die of end-stage renal disease (ESRD). Today, patients with CKD live longer and the most important causes of morbidity and mortality in this group are cardiovascular events. Lipid abnormalities, such as hypertriglyceridemia (HT), are an important factor of high cardiovascular risk in this group. It is known that HT is partially caused by inhibition of lipolysis, but it is also postulated that increased lipogenesis is another cause of HT. Previous studies performed in our center has provided evidence that lipogenesis is increased in the animal model of ESRD.  OBJECTIVES: The aim of this study was to investigate the activities of lipogenic enzymes in the subcutaneous white adipose tissue in patients with CKD. PATIENTS AND METHODS: The study was performed on 36 patients (17 women and 19 men). Patients with ESRD were divided into 2 groups: patients on conservative treatment in the prehemodialysis period (pre‑HD group, n = 18) and patients on maintenance hemodialysis (HD group, n = 18). The control group consisted of 22 patients without ESRD. The activities of lipogenic enzymes in the subcutaneous white adipose tissue (fatty acid synthase, adenosine triphosphate citrate lyase, malic enzyme, glucose‑6‑phosphate dehydrogenase, and 6‑phosphogluconate dehydrogenase) were assessed by spectrophotometry.  RESULTS: There were no statistically significant differences in the activities of lipogenic enzymes in a fat tissue sample between patients with ESRD and the control group. CONCLUSIONS: The results did not confirm increased lipogenesis in patients with ESRD. FAU - Wołyniec, Wojciech
Gene expression, glutathione status, and indicators of hepatic oxidative stress in laughing gull (Larus atricilla) hatchlings exposed to methylmercury.; Despite extensive studies of methylmercury (MeHg) toxicity in birds, molecular effects on birds are poorly characterized. To improve our understanding of toxicity pathways and identify novel indicators of avian exposure to Hg, the authors investigated genomic changes, glutathione status, and oxidative status indicators in liver from laughing gull (Larus atricilla) hatchlings that were exposed in ovo to MeHg (0.05-1.6 µg/g). Genes involved in the transsulfuration pathway, iron transport and storage, thyroid-hormone related processes, and cellular respiration were identified by suppression subtractive hybridization as differentially expressed. Quantitative polymerase chain reaction (qPCR) identified statistically significant effects of Hg on cytochrome C oxidase subunits I and II, transferrin, and methionine adenosyltransferase RNA expression. Glutathione-S-transferase activity and protein-bound sulfhydryl levels decreased, whereas glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase activity increased dose-dependently. Total sulfhydryl concentrations were significantly lower at 0.4 µg/g Hg than in controls. Together, these endpoints provided some evidence of compensatory effects, but little indication of oxidative damage at the tested doses, and suggest that sequestration of Hg through various pathways may be important for minimizing toxicity in laughing gulls. This is the first study to describe the genomic response of an avian species to Hg. Laughing gulls are among the less sensitive avian species with regard to Hg toxicity, and their ability to prevent hepatic oxidative stress may be important for surviving levels of MeHg exposures at which other species succumb.
Hepatoprotective effect of flavonol glycosides rich fraction from Egyptian Vicia calcarata Desf. against CCl4-induced liver damage in rats.; The hepatoprotective activity of flavonol glycosides rich fraction (F-2), prepared from 70% alcohol extract of the aerial parts of V. calcarata Desf., was evaluated in a rat model with a liver injury induced by daily oral administration of CCl4 (100 mg/kg, b.w) for four weeks. Treatment of the animals with F-2 using a dose of (25 mg/kg, b.w) during the induction of hepatic damage by CCl4 significantly reduced the indices of liver injuries. The hepatoprotective effects of F-2 significantly reduced the elevated levels of the following serum enzymes: alanine aminotransferase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), alkaline phosphatase (ALP) and lactate dehydrogenase (LDH). The antioxidant activity of F-2 markedly ameliorated the antioxidant parameters including glutathione (GSH) content, glutathione peroxidase (GSH-Px), superoxide dismutase (SOD), plasma catalase (CAT) and packed erythrocytes glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PDH) to be comparable with normal control levels. In addition, it normalized liver malondialdehyde (MDA) levels and creatinine concentration. Chromatographic purification of F-2 resulted in the isolation of two flavonol glycosides that rarely occur in the plant kingdom, identified as quercetin-3, 5-di-O-beta-D-diglucoside (5) and kaempferol-3, 5-di-O-beta-D-diglucoside (4) in addition to the three known compounds identified as quercetin-3-O-alpha-L-rhamnosyl- (1-->6)-beta-D-glucoside [rutin, 3], quercetin-3-O-beta-D-glucoside [isoquercitrin, 2] and kaempferol-3-O-beta-D-glucoside [astragalin, 1]. These compounds were identified based on interpretation of their physical, chemical, and spectral data. Moreover, the spectrophotometric estimation of the flavonoids content revealed that the aerial parts of the plant contain an appreciable amount of flavonoids (0.89%) calculated as rutin. The data obtained from this study revealed that the flavonol glycosides of F-2 protect the rat liver from hepatic damage induced by CCl4 through inhibition of lipid peroxidation caused by CCl4 reactive free radicals. FAU - Singab, Abdel Nasser B
Growth performance and antioxidant enzyme activities in rainbow trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss) juveniles fed diets supplemented with sage, mint and thyme oils.; This study evaluated effects of dietary supplementation of sage (Salvia officinalis), mint (Mentha spicata) and thyme (Thymus vulgaris) oils on growth performance, lipid peroxidation level (melondialdehyde, MDA) and liver antioxidant enzyme activities (superoxide dismutase, SOD; catalase, CAT; glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase, G6PD; glutathione reductase, GR; glutathione-S-transferase, GST and glutathione peroxidase, GPx) in rainbow trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss) juveniles. For this purpose, triplicate groups of rainbow trout were fed daily ad libitum with diets containing sage, mint and thyme oils at 500, 1,000 and 1,500 mg kg(-1) for 60 days. While weight gain percentage of fish fed the diets containing sage and thyme oils was significantly higher than the control group, that of fish fed mint oil was the lowest. Similarly, specific growth rate was found to be the highest in all groups of the sage and thyme oil feeding and the lowest in the mint groups. Moreover, feed conversion ratio was significantly higher in the mint oil administered groups. Survival rate was also significantly reduced in the fish fed the diet containing mint oil. It was observed that SOD, G6PD and GPx activities were significantly increased in liver tissues of all the treated fish groups compared to that of control diet-fed group. However, CAT, GST and GR activities were significantly decreased in experimental diet-fed fish groups at the end of the experiment. On the other hand, a significant reduction was found in MDA levels in the fish fed the diets with sage and thyme oils compared to control and mint diets on the 30th and 60th days of experiment. Overall, dietary inclusion of sage and thyme oils is effective in enhancing rainbow trout growth, reduction in MDA and least changing antioxidant enzyme activities at a low level of 500 mg kg(-1) diet, and they can be used as important feed supplements for rainbow trout production. FAU - Sönmez, Adem Yavuz
Comprehensive evaluation of candidate reference genes for real-time quantitative PCR (RT-qPCR) data normalization in nutri-cereal finger millet [Eleusine Coracana (L.)].; Finger millet (Eleusine coracana L.) is an annual herbaceous self-pollinating C4 cereal crop of the arid and semi-arid regions of the world. Finger millet is a food security crop proven to have resilience to changing climate and scores very high in nutrition. In the current study, we have assessed sixteen candidate reference genes for their appropriateness for the normalization studies in finger millet subjected to experimental regimes and treatments. Ten candidate reference genes (GAPDH, β-TUB, CYP, EIF4α, TIP41, UBC, G6PD, S24, MACP and MDH) were cloned and six (ACT, ELF1α, PP2A, PT, S21 and TFIID) were mined from the NCBI database as well as from the literature. Expression stability ranking of the finger millet reference genes was validated using four different statistical tools i.e., geNorm, NormFinder, BestKeeper, ΔCt and RefFinder. From the study, we endorse MACP, CYP, EIF4α to be most stable candidate reference genes in all 'tissues', whereas PT, TFIID, MACP ranked high across genotypes, β-TUB, CYP, ELF1α were found to be best under abiotic stresses and 'all samples set'. The study recommends using minimum of two reference genes for RT-qPCR data normalizations in finger millet. All in all, CYP, β-TUB, and EF1α, in combination were found to be best for robust normalizations under most experimental conditions. The best and the least stable genes were validated for confirmation by assessing their appropriateness for normalization studies using EcNAC1 gene. The report provides the first comprehensive list of suitable stable candidate reference genes for nutritional rich cereal finger millet that will be advantageous to gene expression studies in this crop. FAU - Sudhakar Reddy, Palakolanu
[Effects of glucose variation on hexose monophosphate shunt and leucocyte respiratory burst in patients with type 2 diabetes].; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effect of blood glucose instability on respiratory burst of leukocytes in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2DM). METHODS: Forty-five patients with T2DM were divided into 3 groups after continuous glucose monitoring for 72 h with glucose wavy coefficient <1.5 (n=11), between 1.5 and 3.0 (n=19), and >3.0 (n=15). Peripheral blood neutrophils were isolated from the diabetic patients and normal control subjects for assay of glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) with a spectrophotometric method, detecting G6PD mRNA expression by real-time PCR, and determining reactive oxygen species level using the fluorescent probe DCFH-DA. RESULTS: Compared with the normal control group, the diabetic patients showed significantly lowered G6PD activity (F=78.739, P<0.05) and ROS level (F=384.962, P<0.05) but significantly increased G6PD mRNA expression (F=269.612, P<0.01). These changes were significantly correlated with the blood glucose wavy coefficients. CONCLUSION: The fluctuation of blood glucose in T2DM patients can decrease G6PD activity and lead to functional decline of the respiratory burst. FAU - Zeng, Huiyan
PSMB2 and RPL32 are suitable denominators to normalize gene expression profiles in bronchoalveolar cells.; BACKGROUND: For accuracy of quantitative reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR), normalisation with suitable reference genes is required. To date, no reference genes have been validated for expression studies of bronchoalveolar (BAL) cells. The aims of this study were to identify gene(s) with stable mRNA expression in BAL cells irrespective of gender, smoking, BAL cellular composition, lung pathology, treatment; and to assess the influence of reference genes on target gene expression data. RESULTS: The mRNA expression of ten housekeeping genes (ACTB, ARF1, CANX, G6PD, GAPDH, GPS1, GNB2L1, PSMB2, PSMD2, RPL32) was investigated by qRT-PCR in BAL cells from 71 subjects across a spectrum of lung diseases. The analyses were validated in an independent BAL cohort from 63 sarcoidosis patients and 17 control subjects. A second derivative method was used to calculate expression values (CTt); an equivalence test, applets BestKeeper, geNorm and NormFinder were applied to investigate gene expression stability. Of the investigated genes, PSMB2 (CTt +/- SD, 23.66 +/- 0.86) and RPL32 (18.65 +/- 0.92) were the most stable; both were constantly expressed in BAL samples from parallel investigated cohorts irrespective of evaluated variables. Finally, to demonstrate effect of traditional (ACTB/GAPDH) and novel (PSMB2/RPL32) reference genes as denominators, expression of two cytokines known associated with sarcoidosis was investigated in sarcoid BAL cells. While normalization with PSMB2/RPL32 resulted in elevated IFNG mRNA expression (p = 0.004); no change was observed using GAPDH/ACTB (p > 0.05). CCL2 mRNA up-regulation was observed only when PSMB2/RPL32 were used as denominators (p < 0.03). CONCLUSION: PSMB2 and RPL32 are, therefore, suitable reference genes to normalize qRT-PCR in BAL cells in sarcoidosis, and other interstitial lung disease. FAU - Kriegova, Eva
Reduced glutathione regenerating enzymes undergo developmental decline and sexual dimorphism in the rat cerebral cortex.; Oxidative stress during development may predispose humans to neurodegenerative disorders in old age. Moreover, numerous ailments of brain disproportionately affect one of the genders. We therefore hypothesized that, activities of enzymes regenerating and utilizing glutathione (GSH) show sexual dimorphism and developmental differences in rat brain. To test this hypothesis, we collected cortex tissue from male and female Sprague-Dawley rats at post-natal day (PN) 5, PN 10, PN 20, PN 30, and PN 60. We measured tissue levels of NADP-linked isocitrate dehydrogenase (NADP-ICDH), glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PDH), and, glutathione reductase (GR) by UV spectrophotometry and determined glutathione peroxidase (GPx) expression therein by western blotting. Our results showed that sexual maturation had an impact on activities of enzymes that regenerate and utilize GSH and rat female cortex had more anti-oxidant capacity. Moreover, age-related decline in the activities of these key enzymes were observed. Reduced glutathione and NADPH protects the brain from oxidative stress. Thus, our results may have implications for neurodegenerative disorders like Parkinson's disease and developmental disorders of brain like autism in which oxidative stress plays a key role. FAU - Dukhande, Vikas V
Transcriptome profiles of whole blood in Italian Holstein and Italian Simmental lactating cows diverging for genetic merit for milk protein.; The aim of the research was to investigate the variation of gene expression in the blood of lactating cows in relation to the genetic merit for productive traits. For the study, 24 Italian Holstein (IH) cows from a single farm and 24 Italian Simmental (IS) cows from a second farm were selected. Cows were in mid-lactation, and farms had similar management and feeding conditions. For each breed, cows were separated into 3 classes of estimated breeding value (EBV) for milk protein yield (EBVp), namely, 8 cows with low EBVp (low group, LG), 8 cows with high EBV (high group, HG), and the 8 cows closest to the median (medium group, MG). Gene expression was measured on blood with a whole-transcriptome bovine microarray, and data of LG and HG were expressed relative to MG. The number of differentially expressed genes between the low and high EBVp groups were 443 for IS and 281 for IH cows. The IS cows had a greater number of genes (398 vs. 241 in IH cows) with opposite expression in the high and low EBV groups, compared with the MG. In IS cows, the largest number of pathways affected were within the KEGG subcategories of "energy metabolism," "lipid metabolism," and "metabolism of cofactors and vitamins." Furthermore, the "glutathione metabolism" pathway was markedly affected, with GSTM1 (from glutathione-S-transferase family), GSS (glutathione synthetase), and G6PD (glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase) upregulated in the IS HG but downregulated in the IS LG group. The "intestinal immune network for IgA production" pathway had 2 bovine leukocytes antigen (BoLA-DQ) genes, and the B-cell activating factor of the TNF superfamily (TNFSF13B) upregulated in the IS LG group and downregulated in the IS HG group. The IH cows had the highest number of affected pathways in the "metabolism" and "organismal systems" categories, the latter with 5 out of 10 subcategories relative to the immune system. Within the "T cell receptor signaling pathway," the IH HG cows had upregulation of the CD1d, CD4, and CD3 antigens and downregulation of the NFkB subunit ReLa gene. This study revealed that specific metabolic and immunological pathways are directly related to genetic merit, and could be considered a signature of quantitative selection. Starting from these preliminary observations, the comparison of differentially expressed genes among animals with different EBVp seems a promising approach to unravel molecular response at a blood level associated with productive traits.
The effects of extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy on antioxidant enzymes in erythrocytes.; The effects of extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy (ESWL) on patients undergoing ESWL for renal stone treatment have been studied using activities of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PDH), superoxide dismutase (SOD) and catalase (CAT), and levels of malondialdehyde (MDA) in the erythrocyte haemolysate. The study included 23 patients (eight women, 15 men with an age range of 23-57 years). Blood samples were taken 5 min before ESWL, in addition to 1 h and 5 days after termination of treatment. Enzyme activities and MDA levels in erythrocytes were measured spectrophotometrically. When compared with the values obtained before ESWL, erythrocyte G6PDH (p = 0.015), SOD (p = 0.036) and CAT (p = 0.01) activities were found to be significantly reduced at the first hour after ESWL. On the fifth day after ESWL, erythrocyte enzyme activities were normalized to the values obtained before ESWL. Although there was a significant difference between values before and 1 h after ESWL (p = 0.003), no difference was detected between 1 h after ESWL and 5 days after ESWL (p > 0.05) in terms of MDA values. The findings of the present study revealed that erythrocyte lipid peroxidation might be induced and antioxidative defence mechanism may be transiently impaired by ESWL. FAU - Aksoy, Yilmaz
Establishment, Growth, Proliferation, and Gene Expression of Buffalo (Bubalus bubalis) Transgenic Fetal Fibroblasts Containing Human Insulin Gene, and Production of Embryos by Handmade Cloning Using These Cells.; The aim of the present study was to compare transgenic cells, containing human insulin gene kept under the control of mammary gland-specific buffalo beta-lactoglobulin promoter, and their counterparts, that is, nontransgenic cells, for examining their potential for the production of embryos following somatic cell nuclear transfer (SCNT). The gene construct was delivered into buffalo fetal fibroblasts (BFF) by nucleofection following which, the transfected cells were selected by culture in the presence of G418 for 3 weeks. Transgene integration into BFF genome was confirmed by polymerase chain reaction (PCR) and reverse transcriptase PCR. At passage 8-10, the growth rate, cell proliferation rate, and quantitative expression of certain genes were compared between transgenic and nontransgenic cells. The growth rate and cell proliferation rate was significantly lower (p < 0.05) for transgenic than for nontransgenic cells. Using quantitative real-time PCR it was found that the expression level of CASPASE 3, CASPASE 9, BAX, and P53 was significantly higher (p < 0.05) and that of HDAC1 and IGF-1R was significantly lower (p < 0.05) in transgenic compared with nontransgenic cells. The differences in the relative expression level of BCL-XL, MCL-1, DNMT1, DNMT3a, GDF9, FGF2, and G6PD between the two groups were not significant. Furthermore, when the two cell types were used as donor cells for production of embryos by handmade cloning, the blastocyst rate was significantly lower (p < 0.05) with transgenic (35.69% ± 1.78%) than with nontransgenic cells (48.75% ± 2.38%). In conclusion, these results indicate that differences were present between transgenic and nontransgenic cells, which may affect the efficiency of SCNT when used as donor cells. FAU - Mehta, Parul
Selection and validation of reference genes for qRT-PCR expression analysis of candidate genes involved in olfactory communication in the butterfly Bicyclus anynana.; Real-time quantitative reverse transcription PCR (qRT-PCR) is a technique widely used to quantify the transcriptional expression level of candidate genes. qRT-PCR requires the selection of one or several suitable reference genes, whose expression profiles remain stable across conditions, to normalize the qRT-PCR expression profiles of candidate genes. Although several butterfly species (Lepidoptera) have become important models in molecular evolutionary ecology, so far no study aimed at identifying reference genes for accurate data normalization for any butterfly is available. The African bush brown butterfly Bicyclus anynana has drawn considerable attention owing to its suitability as a model for evolutionary ecology, and we here provide a maiden extensive study to identify suitable reference gene in this species. We monitored the expression profile of twelve reference genes: eEF-1α, FK506, UBQL40, RpS8, RpS18, HSP, GAPDH, VATPase, ACT3, TBP, eIF2 and G6PD. We tested the stability of their expression profiles in three different tissues (wings, brains, antennae), two developmental stages (pupal and adult) and two sexes (male and female), all of which were subjected to two food treatments (food stress and control feeding ad libitum). The expression stability and ranking of twelve reference genes was assessed using two algorithm-based methods, NormFinder and geNorm. Both methods identified RpS8 as the best suitable reference gene for expression data normalization. We also showed that the use of two reference genes is sufficient to effectively normalize the qRT-PCR data under varying tissues and experimental conditions that we used in B. anynana. Finally, we tested the effect of choosing reference genes with different stability on the normalization of the transcript abundance of a candidate gene involved in olfactory communication in B. anynana, the Fatty Acyl Reductase 2, and we confirmed that using an unstable reference gene can drastically alter the expression profile of the target candidate genes. FAU - Arun, Alok
[G6PD Gene Mutations in Shui people in Sandu of Guizhou].; Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency is the most common human enzymopathy. To date, about 126 mutations in the G6PD gene have been detected, among which 17 mutations were found in Chinese. The most common mutations are: 1376 G-->T and 1388 G-->A, both in exon 12; 95 A-->G in exon 2, which amounted to more than 50% of mutations representing various regions and ethnic groups in China. A large-scale screening and genotypic analysis was held in Shui people in Sandu of Guizhou. To investigate the incidence and the molecular basis of G6PD deficiency of Guizhou Shui people, NBT qualitative and G6PD/6PGD quantitative methods were used to detect G6PD deficiency in 1,090 Shui people from the general people belonging to Sandu of Guizhou. By means of mis-matched primers amplified the G6PD gene, the products were 234 bp, 280 bp and 345 bp in length, then restriction enzyme analysis was used to detect the most common Chinese G6PD mutations, 1376 G-->T, 1388 G-->A and 95 A-->G. The results showed that out of the 1,090 samples, 98 G6PD deficiency samples were found. The incidence of G6PD deficiency was 8.99%. 24 cases of 1376 G-->T, 12 cases of 1388 G-->A, 9 cases of 95 A-->G were detected. A sample with 1376 G-->T and 95 A-->G mutation was found in a girl. It was reported for the first time. IN CONCLUSION: 1376 G-->T, 1388 G-->A, 95 A-->G mutations are the common G6PD mutations in Shui people in Sandu of Guizhou. The results indicates that different national minorities of Chinese may originated from a common ancestor. FAU - Xiu, Jin
Transcripts level responses in a marine medaka (Oryzias javanicus) exposed to organophosphorus pesticide.; The differential expression of a set of genes encoding antioxidant enzymes and stress-responsive proteins was investigated by real-time quantitative PCR in intestine, liver, and muscle tissues extracted from Oryzias javanicus after exposure to the organophosphorus pesticide, Iprobenfos (IBP). After IBP exposure, transcriptional changes in all the tested genes were prominent in the liver and moderate in the intestine, but unpredictable in the muscle. In the liver, CAT transcription increased after exposure to IBP at all concentrations (P<0.05). CYP1A mRNA was induced in the intestine and liver at the two higher concentrations. G6PD transcription was induced in the liver at the three higher IBP concentrations, but was suppressed in muscle at the same concentrations. GPx expression in the liver increased at three higher concentrations of IBP. In the intestine and liver, GR expression was induced at two higher and three higher concentrations, respectively. However, no significant changes were observed in the muscle. GST and SOD transcription was induced in the liver at all IBP concentrations. IBP exposure induced UB expression in the intestine and liver in a concentration-dependent manner. The transcriptional changes in these genes in the liver could be good biomarkers for stress levels in O.javanicus, and be used as critical biomarkers for environmental quality assessment. FAU - Woo, Seonock
Low risk of recurrence following artesunate-Sulphadoxine-pyrimethamine plus primaquine for uncomplicated Plasmodium falciparum and Plasmodium vivax infections in the Republic of the Sudan.; BACKGROUND: First-line schizontocidal treatment for uncomplicated malaria in the Republic of the Sudan is artesunate (total dose 12 mg/kg) plus Sulphadoxine/pyrimethamine (25/1.25 mg/kg) (AS/SP). Patients with Plasmodium vivax are also treated with 14 days primaquine (total dose 3.5 mg/kg) (PQ). The aim of this study was to assess the efficacy of the national policy. METHODS: Patients above 1 year, with microscopy-confirmed, Plasmodium falciparum and/or P. vivax malaria were treated with AS/SP. Patients with P. falciparum were randomized to no primaquine (Pf-noPQ) or a single 0.25 mg/kg dose of PQ (Pf-PQ1). Patients with P. vivax received 14 days unsupervised 3.5 mg/kg PQ (Pv-PQ14) on day 2 or at the end of follow up (Pv-noPQ). Primary endpoint was the risk of recurrent parasitaemia at day 42. G6PD activity was measured by spectrophotometry and the Accessbio Biosensor™. RESULTS: 231 patients with P. falciparum (74.8%), 77 (24.9%) with P. vivax and 1 (0.3%) patient with mixed infection were enrolled. The PCR corrected cumulative risk of recurrent parasitaemia on day 42 was 3.8% (95% CI 1.2-11.2%) in the Pf-noPQ arm compared to 0.9% (95% CI 0.1-6.0%) in the Pf-PQ1 arm; (HR = 0.25 [95% CI 0.03-2.38], p = 0.189). The corresponding risks of recurrence were 13.4% (95% CI 5.2-31.9%) in the Pv-noPQ arm and 5.3% (95% CI 1.3-19.4%) in the Pv-PQ14 arm (HR 0.36 [95% CI 0.1-2.0], p = 0.212). Two (0.9%) patients had G6PD enzyme activity below 10%, 19 (8.9%) patients below 60% of the adjusted male median. Correlation between spectrophotometry and Biosensor™ was low (r(s) = 0.330, p < 0.001). CONCLUSION: AS/SP remains effective for the treatment of P. falciparum and P. vivax. The addition of PQ reduced the risk of recurrent P. falciparum and P. vivax by day 42, although this did not reach statistical significance. The version of the Biosensor™ assessed is not suitable for routine use. Trial registration https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT02592408. FAU - Hamid, Muzamil Mahdi Abdel
Study protocol for a randomised controlled double-blinded trial of the dose-dependent efficacy and safety of primaquine for clearance of gametocytes in children with uncomplicated falciparum malaria in Uganda. LID - 10.1136/bmjopen-2013-002759 [doi] LID - e002759; OBJECTIVES: For the purpose of blocking transmission of Plasmodium falciparum malaria from humans to mosquitoes, a single dose of primaquine is recommended by the WHO as an addition to artemisinin combination therapy. Primaquine clears gametocytes but causes dose-dependent haemolysis in individuals with glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency. Evidence is needed to inform the optimal dosing of primaquine for malaria elimination programmes and for the purpose of interrupting the spread of artemisinin-resistant malaria. This study investigates the efficacy and safety of reducing doses of primaquine for clearance of gametocytes in participants with normal G6PD status. METHODS AND ANALYSIS: In this prospective, four-armed randomised placebo-controlled double-blinded trial, children aged 1-10 years, weighing over 10 kg, with haemoglobin ≥8 g/dl and uncomplicated P falciparum malaria are treated with artemether lumefantrine and randomised to receive a dose of primaquine (0.1, 0.4 or 0.75 mg base/kg) or placebo on the third day of treatment. Participants are followed up for 28 days. Gametocytaemia is measured by quantitative nucleic acid sequence-based analysis on days 0, 2, 3, 7, 10 and 14 with a primary endpoint of the number of days to gametocyte clearance in each treatment arm and secondarily the area under the curve of gametocyte density over time. Analysis is for non-inferiority of efficacy compared to the reference dose, 0.75 mg base/kg. Safety is assessed by pair-wise comparisons of the arithmetic mean (±SD) change in haemoglobin concentration per treatment arm and analysed for superiority to placebo and incidence of adverse events. Ethics and dissemination Approval was obtained from the ethical committees of Makerere University School of Medicine, the Ugandan National Council of Science and Technology and the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine. RESULTS: These will be disseminated to inform malaria elimination policy, through peer-reviewed publication and academic presentations. FAU - Eziefula, Alice Chijioke
Candidate Reference Genes Selection and Application for RT-qPCR Analysis in Kenaf with Cytoplasmic Male Sterility Background.; Cytoplasmic male sterility (CMS) is a maternally inherited trait that results in the production of dysfunctional pollen. Based on reliable reference gene-normalized real-time quantitative PCR (RT-qPCR) data, examining gene expression profile can provide valuable information on the molecular mechanism of kenaf CMS. However, studies have not been conducted regarding selection of reference genes for normalizing RT-qPCR data in the CMS and maintainer lines of kenaf crop. Therefore, we studied 10 candidate reference genes (ACT3, ELF1A, G6PD, PEPKR1, TUB, TUA, CYP, GAPDH, H3, and 18S) to assess their expression stability at three stages of pollen development in CMS line 722A and maintainer line 722B of kenaf. Five computational statistical approaches (GeNorm, NormFinder, ΔCt, BestKeeper, and RefFinder) were used to evaluate the expression stability levels of these genes. According to RefFinder and GeNorm, the combination of TUB, CYP, and PEPKR1 was identified as an internal control for the accurate normalization across all sample set, which was further confirmed by validating the expression of HcPDIL5-2a. Furthermore, the combination of TUB, CYP, and PEPKR1 was used to differentiate the expression pattern of five mitochondria F(1)F(0)-ATPase subunit genes (atp1, atp4, atp6, atp8, and atp9) by RT-qPCR during pollen development in CMS line 722A and maintainer line 722B. We found that atp1, atp6, and atp9 exhibited significantly different expression patterns during pollen development in line 722A compared with line 722B. This is the first systematic study of reference genes selection for CMS and will provide useful information for future research on the gene expressions and molecular mechanisms underlying CMS in kenaf. FAU - Zhou, Bujin
Correlation of nucleotides and carbohydrates metabolism with pro-oxidant and antioxidant systems of erythrocytes depending on age in patients with colorectal cancer.; AIM: To examine the relationship between metabolic features of purine nucleotides and antioxidant system depending on the age of patients with colorectal cancer. MATERIALS AND METHODS: The activity of adenosine deaminase, xanthine oxidase, glutathione peroxidase, superoxide dismutase and glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase, the NOx concentration and the oxidative modification of proteins were determined spectrophotometricaly in 50 apparently healthy people and 26 patients with colorectal cancer stage -III---IV, aged 40 to 79 years. RESULTS: Increase of pro-oxidant system of erythrocytes with the age against decrease in level of antioxidant protection in both healthy individuals and colorectal cancer patients was determined. A significant increase of pro-ducts of oxidative proteins modification in erythrocytes with ageing was shown. Statistically significant correlation between enzymatic and non enzymatic markers pro-oxidant system and the activity of antioxidant defense enzymes in erythrocytes of patient with colorectal cancer was determined. CONCLUSION: Obtained results have demonstrated the imbalance in the antioxidant system of erythrocytes in colorectal cancer patients that improve the survival of cancer cells that is more distinctly manifested in ageing. FAU - Zuikov, S A
[The state of enzymatic redox system of glutathione in the blood of patients with lymphosarcoma (non-Hodgkin's lymphoma].; Lipid peroxidation (LPO) processes are enhanced and metabolism is disturbed in patients with lymphosarcoma (LS) (non-Hodgkin's lymphoma). The blood enzymatic redox system was analyzed in patients with LS of two types: lymphoblastic LS (LB LS) and prolymphocytic LS (PL LS). The activities of glutathione reductase (GR), glutathione peroxidase (GP), glutathione dehydroascorbate reductase (GDAR), gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase (GGT), and glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PDH) were spectrophotometrically (Humalyzer 2000, DE) determined in the peripheral plasma, white blood cells, lymphocytes, and red blood cells of 32 aged 42-57 years who had LS and 25 healthy individuals. Peripheral blood lymphocytes and leukocytes were obtained by the method developed by A. Böyum. A search for a correlation was made by the Spearman method. The activities of the enzymes and the data of the correlation analysis suggested antioxidant defense system imbalance and metabolic disturbances in patients with LS. Close functional correlations between GR and GP, GR and G6PDH persisted in patients with both types of the disease. Functional relationships between GR and GDAR remained only in patients with PL LS (r = 0.946; p < 0.001). That between GR and GGT was impaired in patients with LS. A correlation between the activity of antioxidant enzymes and the proliferative activity of blood cells was found in patients with LB LS, which may be used as an additional biochemical test in the differential diagnosis of LS. FAU - Gavriliuk, L A
Structural-metabolic changes in histaminergic neurons of the rat hypothalamus in conditions of loss of bile.; The aim of the present work was to evaluate structural and metabolic changes in histaminergic neurons in hypothalamic nucleus E2 in rats in conditions of complete external drainage of bile. Studies were performed on male Wistar rats (n = 45). Controls consisted of animals subjected to sham surgery with preservation of physiological bile flow throughout the experiment. Quantitative histological and histochemical methods were used. Serial frontal cryostat sections cut from the posterior hypothalamus were used for detection of the activity of the following enzymes: monoamine oxidase B, succinate dehydrogenase, NADH dehydrogenase, NADPH dehydrogenase, glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase, lactate dehydrogenase, and acid phosphatase. Morphological studies of histaminergic neurons were performed on preparations stained with thionine. These studies showed that complete external drainage of bile led to transient size reductions and rounding of cell perikarya. Metabolic changes were seen within a day of bile loss and subsequently progressed. All energy metabolic pathways were suppressed and acid phosphatase activity was increased on day 5. FAU - Zimatkin, S M
Evolution of enzymes in a series is driven by dissimilar functional demands.; That distinct enzyme activities in an unbranched metabolic pathway are evolutionarily tuned to a single functional requirement is a pervasive assumption. Here we test this assumption by examining the activities of two consecutively acting enzymes in human erythrocytes with an approach to quantitative evolutionary design that avoids the above-mentioned assumption. We previously found that avoidance of NADPH depletion during the pulses of oxidative load to which erythrocytes are normally exposed is the main functional requirement mediating selection for high glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase activity. In the present study, we find that, in contrast, the maintenance of oxidized glutathione at low concentrations is the main functional requirement mediating selection for high glutathione reductase activity. The results in this case show that, contrary to the assumption of a single functional requirement, natural selection for the normal activities of the distinct enzymes in the pathway is mediated by different requirements. On the other hand, the results agree with the more general principles that underlie our approach. Namely, that (i) the values of biochemical parameters evolve so as to fulfill the various performance requirements that are relevant to achieve high fitness, and (ii) these performance requirements can be inferred from quantitative systems theory considerations, informed by knowledge of specific aspects of the biochemistry, physiology, genetics, and ecology of the organism. FAU - Salvador, Armindo
Validation of reference genes for quantitative RT-qPCR studies of gene expression in Atlantic cod (Gadus morhua l.) during temperature stress.; BACKGROUND: One important physiological response to environmental stress in animals is change in gene expression. To obtain reliable data from gene expression studies using RT-qPCR it is important to evaluate a set of possible reference genes as normalizers for expression. The expression of these candidate genes should be analyzed in the relevant tissues during normal and stressed situations. To find suitable reference genes it was crucial that the genes were stably expressed also during a situation of physiological stress. For poikilotermic animals like cod, changes in temperature are normal, but if the changes are faster than physiological compensation, the animals respond with typical stress responses. It has previously been shown that Atlantic cod show stress responses when elevation of water temperature is faster than 1 degree/day, for this reason we chose hyperthermia as stress agent for this experiment. FINDINGS: We here describe the expression of eight candidate reference genes from Atlantic cod (Gadus morhua l.) and their stability during thermal stress (temperature elevation of one degree C/day for 5 days). The genes investigated were: Eukaryotic elongation factor 1 alpha, ef1a; 18s ribosomal RNA; 18s, Ubiquitin conjugate protein; ubiq, cytoskeletal beta-actin; actb, major histcompatibility complex I; MHC-I light chain, beta-2 -microglobulin; b2m, cytoskeletal alpha-tubulin; tba1c, acidic ribosomal phosphoprotein; rplp1, glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase; g6pd. Their expression were analyzed in 6 tissues (liver, head kidney, intestine, spleen, heart and gills) from cods exposed to elevated temperature and compared to a control group. Although there were variations between tissues with respect to reference gene stability, four transcripts were more consistent than the others: ubiq, ef1a, 18s and rplp1. We therefore used these to analyze the expression of stress related genes (heat shock proteins) induced during hyperthermia. We found that both transcripts were significantly upregulated in several tissues in fish exposed to increased temperature. CONCLUSION: This is the first study comparing reference genes for RT-qPCR analyses of expression during hyperthermia in Atlantic cod. ef1a, 18s, rplp1 and ubiq transcripts were found to be well suited as reference genes during these experimental conditions. FAU - Aursnes, Ingrid A
G6PD deficiency in Vataliya Prajapati community settled in Surat.; BACKGROUND: A Study on Vataliya Prajapati was published earlier but heterozygous females were not identified. AIMS: To compare incidence of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency in random and unrelated subjects, present and previous study and as per their original habitat. Incidence of heterozygous deficiency and clinical implication of deficiency was also determined. SETTINGS AND DESIGN: Camps were organized in Katargaon and Amroli regions. Blood specimens, with relevant demographic information, were collected from those who attended the camp. METHODS AND MATERIAL: A total of 1644 random blood samples were collected from 404 families participating in the camps. Nitroblue tetrazolium dye test was used for G6PD deficiency screening and quantitative assay for measurement of G6PD enzyme activity. STATISTICAL ANALYSIS USED: Chi2 test was used to evaluate significance and mean values were compared by the Student's ''t'' test. RESULTS: Incidence of G6PD deficiency was found as 22% among all the random samples tested. However, the G6PD deficiency among unrelated members was 27.9% in males and 12.4% (P< 0.001,df 1). The 13.9% of the females with heterozygous G6PD deficient status, together with the homozygous deficient phenotype makes the incidence comparable with males. Incidence of deficiency was comparable with previous study, in Katargam and Amroli and in Amerli and Bhavganar districts. Deficient subjects had mild anemia and hemolytic crisis rarely occurred. CONCLUSION: Vataliya Prajapatis have high incidence of G6PD deficiency without severe chronic hemolytic anemia. However before prescribing medicines physician should know the G6PD status of a Vataliya Prajapati patient. FAU - Gupte, Snehalata C
Lipid and protein oxidation and antioxidant status in patients with angiographically proven coronary artery disease.; OBJECTIVES: We aimed to evaluate the association of lipid peroxidation, protein oxidation and antioxidant system, and to assess an association with the severity of the disease, in patients with and without coronary artery disease (CAD) documented by coronary angiography. DESIGN AND METHODS: The population included 208 patients, undergoing clinically indicated coronary angiography. While the subjects with normal coronary angiograms (n=54) were evaluated as controls, the patients with CAD (n=154) were divided into three categories according to the number of diseased coronaries; one-vessel (n=50), two-vessels (n=51) and three-vessels (n=53). Lipid parameters were determined by routine laboratory methods. Plasma malondialdehyde and vitamin E concentrations were determined with the high-performance liquid chromatography. Other oxidant and antioxidant parameters were studied spectrophotometrically. RESULTS: While plasma malondialdehyde levels, the susceptibilities of erythrocyte and apolipoprotein B containing lipoproteins to in vitro induced oxidative stress, serum protein carbonyls, low density lipoprotein-cholesterol, triglyceride, apolipoprotein B and lipoprotein (a) levels had significantly increased, high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol and apolipoprotein AI levels, erythrocyte glutathione peroxidase, glutathione reductase, glucose 6 phosphate dehydrogenase, serum catalase, paraoxonase and arylesterase activities, plasma vitamin E and C and carotenoid levels had significantly decreased. The odds ratios for one-, two-, and three-vessel disease increased across especially higher tertiles of concentrations for oxidation parameters and lower tertiles of concentrations for antioxidant parameters. CONCLUSIONS: According to the results, we suggest that increased lipid and protein oxidation products and decreased antioxidant enzymes and vitamins contribute to increased oxidative stress which in turn is related to the severity of the disease. FAU - Serdar, Zehra
Effects of UVB radiation on 4-hydroxy-2-trans-nonenal metabolism and toxicity in human keratinocytes.; Endogenous lipid peroxidation (LPO)-derived aldehydes accumulate in human skin after photoexposure and contribute to the development of skin cytotoxicity and cancer. This study employed LC-ESI-MS and HPLC-UV-DAD techniques to investigate the effect of UVB radiation on the biotransformation and detoxification of the prototype aldehyde 4-hydroxy-2-trans-nonenal (HNE) using the human keratinocyte cell line (NCTC 2544). In parallel we followed the keratinocytes' cytotoxic response to HNE through morphological analysis and cell viability assay. In UVB-unstressed keratinocytes, even a supraphysiological dose of the aldehyde (200 microM) was rapidly and completely cleared in metabolized form (free and GSH-conjugated metabolites) from the cell, with no signs of cytotoxicity. By contrast, UVB preexposure already at 1 MED (50 mJ/cm2, the minimal erythemal dose in humans) markedly impaired HNE metabolism. After 2 h of incubation, the relative amount of GSH-conjugated adducts dose-dependently dropped from 44% (unirradiated cells) to 22% at 3 MED as a consequence of UVB-induced GSH depletion (no impairment of GST A4.4 nor of G6PD activities was observed). The levels of free metabolites, 1,4-dihydroxy-trans-nonene (DHN) and 4-hydroxy-trans-2-nonenoic acid (HNA), were modified (+30% DHN, -22% HNA) only at 3 MED, in parallel to the AR and ALDH enzyme activity modulation. In addition, a dose-dependent increase of unmodified HNE was found in the extracellular medium, paralleled by a significant fraction of the HNE-incubated dose not recovered at the intra- or extracellular level. The impairment of HNE metabolism paralleled a dramatic cytotoxic response. These results provide a reasonable explanation for the massive accumulation of carbonyl toxins in human skin in vivo after photoexposure and shed light on the detrimental effects of UVB radiation in the presence of unmetabolized LPO metabolites. FAU - Aldini, Giancarlo
Quantitative reverse transcription-PCR assay for detection of mRNA encoding full-length human tissue kallikrein 7: prognostic relevance of KLK7 mRNA expression in breast cancer.; BACKGROUND: The human tissue kallikrein gene family (KLK1 to KLK15) encodes a group of 15 serine proteases (hK1 to hK15), several of which have been implicated in cancer-related processes. METHODS: We established a specific quantitative reverse transcription-PCR assay for full-length KLK7 mRNA that excluded amplification of the exon 2 deletion splice variant (the latter does not encode a functional protease), and evaluated full-length KLK7 mRNA expression [normalized to human glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (h-G6PDH)] in tumor tissue specimens from 155 breast cancer patients. RESULTS: High KLK7 mRNA expression (continuous) was significantly associated with a better patient outcome according to both univariate (P = 0.005) and multivariate (P = 0.046) Cox survival analysis. Separation of patients by optimized dichotomization revealed a significantly better prognosis for patients with high KLK7 mRNA status (n = 89) compared with patients with low KLK7 mRNA status (n = 66) [univariate hazard ratio (HR) = 0.45 (P = 0.001); multivariate HR = 0.50 (P = 0.005)]. In the subgroup of patients not receiving adjuvant treatment (n = 69), KLK7 mRNA status was a significant prognosticator [univariate HR = 0.29 (P = 0.002); multivariate HR = 0.40 (P = 0.034)]. This subgroup was least influenced by postoperative treatment and thus best showed the impact of KLK7 expression on the natural course of breast cancer disease. CONCLUSION: Expression of full-length KLK7 mRNA may represent a new prognostic marker in breast cancer disease. FAU - Holzscheiter, Leon
Expressional regulation of key hepatic enzymes of intermediary metabolism in European seabass (Dicentrarchus labrax) during food deprivation and refeeding.; We hypothesized that the analysis of mRNA level and activity of key enzymes in amino acid and carbohydrate metabolism in a feeding/fasting/refeeding setting could improve our understanding of how a carnivorous fish, like the European seabass (Dicentrarchus labrax), responds to changes in dietary intake at the hepatic level. To this end cDNA fragments encoding genes for cytosolic and mitochondrial alanine aminotransferase (cALT; mALT), pyruvate kinase (PK), glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PDH) and 6-phosphogluconate dehydrogenase (6PGDH) were cloned and sequenced. Measurement of mRNA levels through quantitative real-time PCR performed in livers of fasted seabass revealed a significant increase in cALT (8.5-fold induction) while promoting a drastic 45-fold down-regulation of PK in relation to the levels found in fed seabass. These observations were corroborated by enzyme activity meaning that during food deprivation an increase in the capacity of pyruvate generation happened via alanine to offset the reduction in pyruvate derived via glycolysis. After a 3-day refeeding period cALT returned to control levels while PK was not able to rebound. No alterations were detected in the expression levels of G6PDH while 6PGDH was revealed to be more sensitive specially to fasting, as confirmed by a significant 5.7-fold decrease in mRNA levels with no recovery after refeeding. Our results indicate that in early stages of refeeding, the liver prioritized the restoration of systemic normoglycemia and replenishment of hepatic glycogen. In a later stage, once regular feeding is re-established, dietary fuel may then be channeled to glycolysis and de novo lipogenesis.
Proteomic analysis of laser capture microdissected focal lesions in a rat model of progenitor marker-positive hepatocellular carcinoma.; We have shown previously that rapamycin, the canonical inhibitor of the mechanistic target of rapamycin (mTOR) complex 1, markedly inhibits the growth of focal lesions in the resistant hepatocyte (Solt-Farber) model of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) in the rat. In the present study, we characterized the proteome of persistent, pre-neoplastic focal lesions in this model. One group was administered rapamycin by subcutaneous pellet for 3 weeks following partial hepatectomy and euthanized 4 weeks after the cessation of rapamycin. A second group received placebo pellets. Results were compared to unmanipulated control animals and to animals that underwent an incomplete Solt-Farber protocol to activate hepatic progenitor cells. Regions of formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded tissue were obtained by laser capture microdissection (LCM). Proteomic analysis yielded 11,070 unique peptides representing 2,227 proteins. Quantitation of the peptides showed increased abundance of known HCC markers (e.g., glutathione S-transferase-P, epoxide hydrolase, 6 others) and potential markers (e.g., aflatoxin aldehyde reductase, glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenase, 10 others) in foci from placebo-treated and rapamycin-treated rats. Peptides derived from cytochrome P450 enzymes were generally reduced. Comparisons of the rapamycin samples to normal liver and to the progenitor cell model indicated that rapamycin attenuated a loss of differentiation relative to placebo. We conclude that early administration of rapamycin in the Solt-Farber model not only inhibits the growth of pre-neoplastic foci but also attenuates the loss of differentiated function. In addition, we have demonstrated that the combination of LCM and mass spectrometry-based proteomics is an effective approach to characterize focal liver lesions. FAU - Adebayo Michael, Adeola O
The efficacy of a neonatal screening programme in decreasing the hospitalization rate of patients with G6PD deficiency in southern Iran.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether a neonatal screening programme for G6PD deficiency has decreased hospitalization for acute haemolytic attack in the Fars province of southern Iran. METHODS: A total of 850 patients registered with G6PD deficiency were included in the study. Variables including age, sex, time and cause of hospitalization, cause of haemolytic crisis, positive history of blood transfusion, G6PD enzyme deficiency, blood urea nitrogen (BUN) and creatinine were recorded based on a standard questionnaire. All patients were analysed for G6PD enzyme level based on a quantitative test. RESULTS: Five hundred and fifty-three patients were hospitalized before the introduction of the neonatal screening programme (2001-2004) and 297 afterwards (2005-2008). Of those patients hospitalized after the introduction of the screening programme, 237 were wrongly classified as normal and 60 were recorded as having G6PD enzyme deficiency by the neonatal screening programme. The main causes of haemolytic crisis in G6PD-deficient patients were fava bean consumption (88.2%), underlying infection (10.9%) and drugs (0.8%). CONCLUSION: Our study showed the effectiveness of the neonatal screening programme in decreasing the hospitalization rate. FAU - Cohan, Nader
[G6PD deficiency among children under 7 years old from Yunnan with unique ethnic minority origin].; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the epidemiological status of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency among children from Yunnan with unique ethnic origins. METHODS: DNA samples from 11759 children were tested with fluorescent spot test, G6PD/6PGD quantitative ratio assay and hemoglobin electrophoresis. RESULTS: The detection rate of G6PD deficiency was 2.5%, for which boys were significantly greater than girls (3.5% vs. 1.4%, P<0.05). Significant differences were also detected among children from different ethnic groups and different regions. For ethnic Han Chinese, the detection rate was 0.7%, which was lower than the majority of ethnic minorities. By regression analysis, altitude of residence and family history both have significant influence on the calculated rate. CONCLUSION: Occurrence of G6PD deficiency seems to be influenced by gender. It also varies substantially between different ethnic groups as well as regions, e.g., more common in south. It also showed a declining trend after years of diagnosis and intervention. This survey may provide a valuable basis for counseling of G6PD deficiency in Yunnan. FAU - Yao, Li-qin
Technical note: Evaluation of endogenous control gene expression in bovine neutrophils by reverse-transcription quantitative PCR using microfluidics gene expression arrays.; Reverse-transcription quantitative-PCR (RT-qPCR) is commonly used for assessing the cellular response to changes in physiologic and pathologic conditions. The selection of stable endogenous control genes is an important step of any RT-qPCR study, as expression can vary depending on the experimental environment. Our objective was to identify endogenous control genes in circulating neutrophils isolated from cows during the peripartum period. To do this, we used microfluidics gene expression arrays (Fluidigm, San Francisco, CA) for RT-qPCR analysis. Selection of the endogenous control genes was based on previous research investigating gene expression in neutrophils. The selected genes included ACTB, B2M, G6PD, GAPDH, GCH1, GOLGA5, OSBPL2, PGK1, RPL13A, RPL19, RPS9, SDHA, SMUG1, SNRPA, TBP, UXT, and YWHAZ. Four genes (GAPDH, GOLGA5, PGK1, and UXT) did not provide satisfactory quantification results using the selected method and were therefore excluded from the analyses. The suitability of the remaining 13 genes for use as endogenous control genes was assessed using geNorm and Normfinder. The gene pair with the greatest stability using geNorm was RPL13A and RPL19, whereas Normfinder ranked RPL19 and YWHAZ as the most stable pair. The 2 genes deemed most suitable for the experimental design were RPL19 and YWHAZ, which were selected for subsequent gene expression analysis. This study highlights that genes used as endogenous controls for relative quantification should be assessed on an experimental basis, even if the genes have been used in previous research.
[The genetic biochemical markers of arterial hypertension in Adolescents.].; The article deals with studying of enzyme activity of first and second lines of anti-oxidant defense in adolescents with arterial hypertension and establishing role of genetic component in realization of mechanism of development of this pathology. The main group included 20 adolescents aged from 13 to 16 years with diagnosis of arterial hypertension stage I (risk). The control group consisted of 20 healthy adolescents of corresponding age. The study was carried out to detect activity of superoxide dismutase [EC 1.15.1.1], catalase [EC 1.11.1.6], glutathione peroxidase [EC 1.11.1.9], glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase [EC 1.1.1.49]. The concentration of reduced glutathione was established using photoelectrocolorimeter KFK-2MP (Russia). The activity of glutathione reductase [EC 1.8.1.7] was evaluated using spectrophotometer CF-46 (LOMO, Russia). The content of nitrogen oxide was detected using V.A. Metelskaia and N.G. Gumanova technique (2005). The detection of genetically mediated risk of development of arterial hypertension and identification of gene-gene dependencies (ACE, AGT, NOS3) was implemented using technique of PCR-RFLP diagnostic ("DNA-technology", Russia). The genetic analysis identified in main group the following gene-candidates: deletion genotype DD for ACE, polymorphism M235T T->C gene AGT, version 786 C/C gene NOS3. All of then can be applied in diagnostic of arterial hypertension. In adolescents with arterial hypertension imbalance of molecular mechanisms of anti-oxidant defense was revealed. This condition is manifested by imbalance in functioning of enzymes of first line of anti-oxidant defense and accumulation of H2O2, increasing of activity of glutathione peroxidase and depressing of activity of the rest of glutathione depending enzymes. Against this background, decreasing of content of nitrogen oxide results in development of endothelial dysfunction. FAU - Mikashinovitch, Z I
[Methemoglobinemia in patients with Plasmodium vivax receiving oral therapy with primaquine].; INTRODUCTION: Primaquine can produce adverse reactions as toxicity to blood when used in the treatment of vivax malaria. This work aimed to determine methemoglobinemia in patients with vivax malaria receiving oral therapy with primaquine. METHODS: Spectrophotometric quantification of methemoglobinemia and qualitative assay for glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase. RESULTS: Methemoglobinemia ranged from 2.85 to 5.45% in male patients and 3.77 to 7.34% in female patients. CONCLUSIONS: A statistically significant increase in methemoglobinemia was observed following oral therapy with primaquine, with no clinical manifestations, and independent of sex and the qualitative expression of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase. FAU - Ferreira, Michelli Erica Souza
[Expression of G-6-PD mRNA in children with G-6-PD deficiency].; OBJECTIVE: To detect the level of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G-6-PD) mRNA expression in children with G-6-PD deficiency and their lineal family members in order to explore possible mechanisms of the disease at the transcriptional level. METHODS: RNA was extracted from peripheral blood of 41 children with G-6-PD deficiency and of their lineal family members (29 father lineages and 40 mother lineages). cDNA was then harvested using the reverse transcription method. G-6-PD mRNA expression was detected by quantitative real-time PCR (QRT-PCR). The detection results of G-6-PD mRNA expression in three groups (Patient, Father lineage and Mother lineage) were compared using Statistical Software SPSS 10.0 system. RESULTS: The mean G-6-PD mRNA value in the Patient, Father lineage and Mother lineage groups were 0.57 +/- 0.19, 0.74 +/- 0.21 and 0.67 +/- 0.21 respectively. The G-6-PD mRNA value in the Patient group was significantly lower than both Father lineage (t = -3.18, P < 0.01) and Mother lineage groups (t = -2.54, P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: The expression of G-6-PD mRNA decreased in children with G-6-PD deficiency, suggesting that the pathogenesis of this disorder relates to the varying levels of gene transcription. FAU - Li, Chang-Gang
[Red cell system and selected red cell enzymes in men occupationally exposed to mercury vapours].; Determination of erythrocyte number and their indices and enzymatic activity of: glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G-6PD), superoxide dismutase (SOD), acetylcholinesterase (AchE), glutathione reductase (GR) and hexokinase (Hx) in peripheral blood erythrocytes of workers chronically exposed to mercury vapours during the production of chloride (the mercuric electrolysis method). The studied workers were equipment operators, electricians and electrolysis maintenance men at the chloride production department using the mercuric electrolysis method. The study involved 46 men, aged 21 to 56, (x = 39 +/- 10.4) exposed to mercury vapours for the period from 7 months to 32 years (x = 14.7+/-10.8), working in a three shift system, for 8 hours a day. Smokers constituted 50% of the studied group (23 men). Urine mercury concentrations of workers exposed to mercury vapours were in the range from 10 to 215 microg/dm3 (x = 81,4 +/- 72,9) and in blood in range 4 do 72 microg/dm3 (x=16.3 +/- 15,0). Controls were 46 men aged 20-54, (x=33.6 +/- 9.8), workers and voluntary blood donors, who never experienced occupational exposure to mercury vapours or other chemicals, and to physical agents. The percentage of smokers in the control group was 34.7% (16 men). Basic haematological determinations (hematocrit - Hct, Hb concentration, erythrocyte number in mm3 of blood, mean red cell hemoglobin concentration (MCHC), mean red cell volume (MCV) and enzymatic studies (activity of G-6PD, SOD, AchE, GR, Hx) in peripheral blood samples obtained from workers and controls were performed. Hematological parameters of the peripheral blood were determined using AVL 808 hematological counter, following the manufacturer's instructions. Activity of the studied enzymes was estimated by the spectrophotometric method described by Beutler, following the recommendations of the International Committee for Standardisation in Hematology. Values of Ht were higher in all the subgroups exposed to Hg workers (divided according to duration of exposure or urine mercury concentrations) in comparison to the control group. The erythrocyte number in mm3 of peripheral blood was also higher in the exposed workers group than in controls. MCHC in the total group exposed to mercury vapours was lower than in the controls. In the subgroup exposed to mercury vapours for < 10 years, the value of this parameter was lower than in the control group; whereas in the subgroups separated in respect to mercury concentration in the urine, it was lower only in workers showing the highest urine concentration of this metal. In workers exposed to mercury vapours, MCV index values were lower than in the controls. In the subgroups of workers who smoked and those who did not smoke, they were also lower than in the controls; whereas in the group of the longest exposed workers from 21 to 35 years, it was found to be higher than in controls. The activity of G6PD was lower in the group of subjects occupationally exposed to mercury vapours than in the control group - 5.60 +/- 1.60 and 7.41 +/- 0.43 IU/gHb respectively. When comparing the subgroups of smokers and non-smokers with the controls, workers showed lower G6PD activity than in the matching control subgroups - 6.24 +/- 1.97 and 7.44 +/-0.22 IU/gHb in the subgroups of smokers and 4.97 +/- 0.72 and 7.38 +/- 0.18 IU/gHb in non-smokers respectively. Erythrocyte G6PD activity was lower in all studied groups separated in respect to exposure time - 5.54 +/- 1.75, 6.02 +/- 2.05 and 5.54 +/- 1.05 IU/gHb respectively. The same pattern of changes was observed in the subgroups separated in respect to mercury concentration in the urine compared to the controls. The lowest enzyme activity was found in the subgroups showing the highest mercury concentration in the urine wnen compared with the subgroup with the lowest urine concentration of this metal - 5.19 +/- 1.50 and 6.00 +/- 1.84 IU/gHb respectively SOD activity in the group of workers exposed to mercury was lower compared to the controls - 2289.97 +/- 122.31 and 2418.03 +/- 60.28 IU/gHb respectively. The smoking and non-smoking workers showed respective SOD activities on - 2305.43 +/- 102.75 and 2274.50 +/- 124.5 IU/gHb; whereas in the matching subgroup of controls - 2452.11 +/- 88.72 and 2382.09 +/- 91.22 IU/gHb, respectively. The activity of this enzyme in all investigated groups selected in respect to length of employment, revealed lower values when compared with the controls - 2271.20 +/- 115.23 in the group with under 10 years of exposure, 2335.11 +/-167.71 IU/gHb in those exposed for 11-20 years, and 2290.40 +/- 26.12 IU/gHb in the subgroup exposed for the longest period of time. Similar changes were observed in the activity of this enzyme in the subgroups separated in respect to mercury concentration in the urine when SOD activity was compared with the controls. The AchE activity was higher in the group exposed to mercury vapours compared to the controls and the respective values were - 50.22 +/- 14.44 and 36.87 +/- 2.92 IU/gHb. In the subgroups separated in respect to length of exposure, the activity of this enzyme was statistically significantly higher than in the control group. The GR activity levels were lower in the exposed group - 8.01 +/-2.54 IU/gHb, compared to the controls - 10.24 +/- 1.24 IU/gHb. In the subgroups of smokers and non-smokers, GR activity was lower, 8.48 +/- 2.37 and 7.54 +/- 2.68 IU/gHb, compared to smokers and non-smokers in the control group, 10.26 +/- 1.01 and 10.16 +/- 1.03 IU/gHb, respectively. The GR activity was also statistically significantly lower in all groups separated in respect to duration of exposure, with the values of 8.56 +/-2.39, 8.26 +/- 2.38, 7.06 +/- 2.75 IU/gHb, respectively in subject groups and 10.24 +/- 1.35 in the control group. Similar changes were noticed in the subgroup separated in respect to mercury concentration in the urine. The Hx activity was lower in the group exposed to mercury vapours - 1.08 +/-0.11. compared with the controls - 1.21 +/- 0.16 IU/gHb. The enzyme activity showed a similar pattern in the subgroups separated in respect to duration of exposure when they were compared with the control group. Exposure to mercury vapours present changes in the red blood cells, manifested by increased (when compared with the control group), number of erythrocytes in peripheral and decreased mean cell volume and mean cell hemoglobin concentration values, as well as changes in the metabolic processes occurring in the erythrocytes. In subjects exposed to mercury vapours some metabolic processes may be additionally modified by addiction to cigarette smoking. FAU - Zabiński, Zbigniew
[Structural and metabolic changes in the rat hypothalamic histaminergic neurons induced by the bile loss].; The aim of the study was the estimation of structural and metabolic changes in histaminergic neurons of rat hypothalamic E2 nucleus induced by total external bile drainage. The investigation was carried out on male Wistar rats (n=45). The control group comprised the sham-operated animals, in which the physiological bile drainage was preserved during the whole experimental period. Quantitative histological and histochemical methods were used. In serial frontal cryostat sections of posterior hypothalamus, the activity of the following enzymes was demonstrated histochemically: monoamine oxidase B, succinate dehydrogenase, NADH- dehydrogenase, NADPH-dehydrogenase, glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase, lactate dehydrogenase and acid phosphatase. Morphometric study of histaminergic neurons was performed in thionin-stained sections. It was found that total external bile drainage resulted in a temporary reduction of the sizes and rounding of neuronal perikarya. Metabolic changes were detected already after 1 day of bile loss, and they were found to progress henceforth. All the pathways of energy metabolism were suppressed, while the acid phosphatase activity was increased, on day 5. FAU - Zimatkin, S M
