Rationale and strategies for early detection and management of diabetic kidney disease.; Diabetic kidney disease (DKD) occurs in 20% to 40% of patients with diabetes mellitus and is the leading cause of chronic kidney disease and end-stage renal disease in the United States. Despite the American Diabetes Association and the National Kidney Foundation advocating annual screening of diabetic patients, DKD remains underdiagnosed in the diabetic population. Early recognition of diabetic nephropathy by health care professionals is vital for proper management. The presence of microalbuminuria is particularly important as even low levels of dipstick-negative albuminuria indicate early disease long before a diminished glomerular filtration rate and are associated with an elevated cardiovascular disease risk. Like all forms of chronic kidney disease, DKD causes a progressive decline in renal function that, despite current treatment strategies, is largely irreversible. Many patients with DKD might be expected to develop end-stage renal disease, but many more patients will likely die of a cardiovascular event before renal replacement therapy is needed. Therefore, a renewed focus on cardiovascular risk factor reduction and a timely nephrology consultation with an emphasis on patient education is essential to proper DKD management. FAU - Radbill, Brian
Diabetic nephropathy: common questions.; Diabetic nephropathy, or diabetic kidney disease, affects 20 to 30 percent of patients with diabetes. It is a common cause of kidney failure. Diabetic nephropathy presents in its earliest stage with low levels of albumin (microalbuminuria) in the urine. The most practical method of screening for microalbuminuria is to assess the albumin-to-creatinine ratio with a spot urine test. Results of two of three tests for microalbuminuria should be more than 30 mg per day or 20 mcg per minute in a three- to six-month period to diagnose a patient with diabetic nephropathy. Slowing the progression of diabetic nephropathy can be achieved by optimizing blood pressure (130/80 mm Hg or less) and glycemic control, and by prescribing an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor or angiotensin receptor blocker. Patients with diabetes and isolated microalbuminuria or hypertension benefit from angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors or angiotensin receptor blockers. In the event that these medications cannot be prescribed, a nondihydropyridine calcium channel blocker may be considered. Serum creatinine and potassium levels should be monitored carefully for patients receiving angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors or angiotensin receptor blockers. These medications should be stopped if hyperkalemia is pronounced. FAU - Thorp, Micah L
Screening for chronic kidney disease: which strategy?; INTRODUCTION: Screening for chronic kidney disease (CKD) has been increasingly advocated. However, several criticisms have been levied, and screening programs for CKD are not universally accepted. METHODS AND RESULTS: We discuss the problems of CKD screening and suggest improvements in the diagnostic and therapeutic strategies. Current problems with CKD screening are related to the need for both more efficient screening strategies and better screening tests. Diabetes mellitus, hypertension and age above 60 years seem to be the most important inclusion criteria for a CKD screening program, but only a small and variable proportion of CKD cases detected progress to end-stage renal disease (ESRD). Recent studies suggest that all stages of CKD should be stratified by the presence or absence of albuminuria. This applies particularly to CKD stage 3 in which a large proportion of subjects do not progress any quicker than those without kidney disease. Reduced kidney function and albuminuria are also strong and independent predictors for cardiovascular events. Screening for CKD using existing laboratory databases combined with automated management and referral recommendations based on the available evidence base seems to be a promising strategy for efficient and more adequate handling of the large number of CKD patients. CONCLUSION: Screening for CKD in the general population is still not recommended. However, high-risk groups like patients with diabetes mellitus or hypertension and subjects above age 60 should have their glomerular filtration rate estimated and be tested for albuminuria. Better interplay between primary and secondary care is needed for successful implementation of CKD clinical guidelines in general practice. FAU - Hallan, Stein I
Screening for chronic kidney disease in Australia: a pilot study in the community and workplace.; The pilot program Kidney Evaluation for You (KEY) was conducted in Australia to screen for chronic kidney disease (CKD). Targeting people at high risk (those with diabetes, hypertension, a first-degree relative with kidney failure, or age >50 years), KEY aimed to establish community-based screening protocols, assess efficacy in promoting changes in risk-factor management, and explore participant CKD awareness. KEY offered free cardiovascular and kidney checks using point-of-care testing for on-site pathology measurements (estimated glomerular filtration rate, hemoglobin A1c, cholesterol, hemoglobin, albuminuria), lifestyle assessment, and exit interviews. Participants were telephoned at 3 months to ascertain whether KEY advice had been followed. Community and health professional support was strong; 99% of participants rated involvement as beneficial. Of 402 high-risk individuals recruited, findings were suggestive of CKD in 20.4%. Of these, 69% had hypertension, 30% diabetes, and 40% elevated total cholesterol. All participants with CKD stage 3b or higher were aged >61 years. Overall, 58% of participants were referred to their primary care providers for further action; of these, 82% saw their doctors in the next 3 months and 94% discussed KEY results. Follow-up telephone contact was successful for 82% of participants. A change in management occurred for 67%. Thus, the KEY approach to early detection of CKD and selected referral of participants was largely successful. FAU - Mathew, Timothy H
Relationship between BNP level and renal function in diabetic nephropathy with microalbuminuria.; AIMS: We examined the relationship between the brain natriuretic peptide (BNP) level and renal function in diabetic nephropathy with microalbuminuria. METHODS: The subjects were 97 Japanese type 2 diabetes mellitus outpatients with microalbuminuria. Associations between the annual rate of decline in estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) and various metabolic parameters at baseline (BMI, systolic blood pressure, HbA1c, LDL cholesterol, urine albumin-creatinine ratio, BNP and eGFR) were examined. RESULTS: Among the baseline factors, eGFR and BNP had significant associations with the annual rate of decline in eGFR in Pearson correlation analysis (r=0.295, p=0.003; r=0.223, p=0.028, respectively). Multiple linear regression analysis also showed the significance of baseline eGFR and BNP as independent predictors of renal function (β=0.340, p=0.001; β=0.278, p=0.005, respectively). In multivariate logistic regression analysis, eGFR and BNP were independently associated with the risk of a decline in GFR (p=0.003, p=0.011, respectively). ROC curve analysis showed a cutoff value of BNP is 17.0 pg/mL for predicting a decline in GFR. CONCLUSIONS: The BNP level at baseline is an independent predictor of the annual rate of decline in eGFR. Therefore, monitoring of BNP can play an important role in management of diabetic nephropathy.
The RAAS in the pathogenesis and treatment of diabetic nephropathy.; Angiotensin II and other components of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system (RAAS) have a central role in the pathogenesis and progression of diabetic renal disease. A study in patients with type 1 diabetes and overt nephropathy found that RAAS inhibition with angiotensin-converting-enzyme (ACE) inhibitors was associated with a reduced risk of progression to end-stage renal disease and mortality compared with non-RAAS-inhibiting drugs. Blood-pressure control was similar between groups and proteinuria reduction was responsible for a large part of the renoprotective and cardioprotective effect. ACE inhibitors can also prevent microalbuminuria in patients with type 2 diabetes who are hypertensive and normoalbuminuric; in addition, ACE inhibitors are cardioprotective even in the early stages of diabetic renal disease. Angiotensin-II-receptor blockers (ARBs) are renoprotective (but not cardioprotective) in patients with type 2 diabetes and overt nephropathy or microalbuminuria. Studies have evaluated the renoprotective effect of other RAAS inhibitors, such as aldosterone antagonists and renin inhibitors, administered either alone or in combination with ACE inhibitors or ARBs. An important task for the future will be identifying which combination of agents achieves the best renoprotection (and cardioprotection) at the lowest cost. Such findings will have major implications, particularly in settings where money and facilities are limited and in settings where renal replacement therapy is not available and the prevention of kidney failure is life saving. FAU - Ruggenenti, Piero
Identification and management of albuminuria in the primary care setting.; Albuminuria is an important risk marker for adverse cardiovascular (CV) and renal outcomes and mortality. The relationship between albuminuria and risk is continuous and linear, like that of blood pressure and cardiovascular risk. Evidence now supports increased risk even at levels traditionally considered within normal limits. In high-risk patients, routine annual screening can detect changes in urine albumin excretion and improve the timely identification of albuminuria, and therefore should be considered in patients with diabetes, hypertension, and chronic kidney disease. Preferred simple screening methods appropriate for use in the primary care setting include microalbumin-specific dipsticks and urinary albumin:creatinine ratio determination (from a spot urine sample). Cornerstones of albuminuria treatment include risk factor management, ongoing monitoring, and, in patients with hypertension, chronic kidney disease, or diabetes, the use of renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system (RAAS)-blocking agents. Both angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors and angiotensin receptor blockers (ARBs) have demonstrated utility in this regard; data from studies of direct renin inhibition are promising. The combined use of an ACE inhibitor and ARB was once considered a viable option for the treatment of albuminuria; however, results of the Ongoing Telmisartan Alone and in Combination With Ramipril Global Endpoint Trial (ONTARGET) raised important questions regarding the benefits and limitations of dual RAAS blockade. Ongoing studies should provide important insight into the effects of this approach on renal outcomes.
Proteinuria in diabetic nephropathy: treatment and evolution.; Diabetic nephropathy is characterized by increased urinary albumin excretion and loss of renal function. Increased urinary albumin (proteinuria) is a key component of this disease. Previously, its development led to end-stage renal disease with increased mortality and morbidity for diabetic patients versus nondiabetic patients. Several treatment strategies currently exist that can prevent, slow, and even reverse diabetic nephropathy. New trials suggest that a multidisciplinary approach focused on optimizing metabolic and hypertensive control, in addition to the use of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors or angiotensin 2 receptor antagonists, is effective in halting the progression of disease. Screening and implementation of these strategies is needed to reverse the epidemic of diabetic renal disease. FAU - Campbell, Ruth C
Microalbuminuria in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Implications for renal survival.; Microvascular and macrovascular disease cause considerable mortality and morbidity both among patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and those with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Furthermore, non-insulin-dependent and insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus overlap in their pathogenesis as well as short- and long-term complications. In the diabetic patient, genetic susceptibility as well as other factors, ie, microalbuminuria, hypertension, high protein intake, blood glucose control, etc, ultimately culminate in a diffuse disease process, eg, diabetic vascular and/or renal disease. Early predictors of susceptibility for development of renal disease in diabetic subjects would help focus our treatment strategies. The role of microalbuminuria as a prognostic marker for the major complications of insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus has been previously reviewed. We reviewed the role of microalbuminuria as prognostic marker for progression of diabetic renal disease in subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. We examined treatment strategies to lower microalbuminuria and its associated impact on disease progression. FAU - Abbott, K C
Albuminuria: what can we expect from the determination of nonimmunoreactive albumin?; Albuminuria is an early marker for diabetic nephropathy in patients with diabetes, and has a clear place in patient care. It also predicts cardiovascular events and mortality in diabetic patients and in the general population, and is slowly becoming accepted in population screening for cardiovascular disease and chronic kidney disease. Recently, investigators found that a considerable amount of albumin in urine is nonimmunoreactive and that classic immunochemical assays do not properly measure all albumin in urine. Assays that detect immunoreactive plus nonimmunoreactive albumin may better predict development of diabetic nephropathy, cardiovascular events, and mortality than assays that only detect immunoreactive albumin. Proof of the existence of nonimmunoreactive albumin emerged from the finding that albumin contains urine fragments. In this review, we critically appraise the presence and relevance of albumin fragments and nonimmunoreactive albumin molecules in urine, and the potential additive value of albuminuria detected by assays that assess nonimmunoreactive plus immunoreactive albumin over albuminuria detected by classic immunochemical assays in predicting end points. FAU - Bakker, Stephan J L
Albuminuria as a predictor of cardiovascular and renal outcomes in people with known atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease.; BACKGROUND: Microalbuminuria predicts elevated cardiovascular risk in those with and without diabetes. In diabetes, microalbuminuria also heralds overt diabetic nephropathy. The predictive value of albuminuria below the microalbuminuria cutoff, and the development of overt nephropathy in nondiabetics with microalbuminuria, have not been well studied. We review findings of the HOPE Study. METHODS: The HOPE Study database includes data on first morning urine albumin/creatinine ratio (ACR) in 9043 participants at baseline, and in 7674 participants at baseline and at last follow-up. Inclusion criteria were known vascular disease or diabetes, plus one other cardiovascular risk factor; exclusion criteria included heart failure or known impaired left ventricular function, dipstick-positive proteinuria (> 1+), and serum-creatinine > 2.3 mg/dL (200 micromol/L). Microalbuminuria was defined as an ACR > or = 2 mg/mmol. RESULTS: Microalbuminuria at baseline approximately doubled the relative risk (RR) of the primary outcome (myocardial infarction, stroke, or CV death). For every 1 mg/mmol rise of ACR, even below the level of microalbuminuria, the adjusted hazard of the primary outcome increased by about 15%. Baseline microalbuminuria predicted subsequent clinical proteinuria, RR 17.5, similarly in participants without and with diabetes. New microalbuminuria developed in 1542 participants, and clinical proteinuria in 317. CONCLUSION: Albuminuria is a continuous risk factor for CV events even below the level of microalbuminuria. Microalbuminuria predicts clinical proteinuria in nondiabetics. FAU - Mann, Johannes F E
Dipeptidyl peptidase-IV is a potential molecular biomarker in diabetic kidney disease.; The present study was designed to identify the changes in microvesicle-dipeptidyl peptidase-IV (DPP IV) levels in human urine and serum, and to determine whether there were correlations with the severity of diabetic kidney disease (DKD). A total of 127 patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) were divided into three groups according to the urinary albumin/ creatinine ratio (UACR): microalbuminuria group (n = 50); macroalbuminuria group (n = 34) and normoalbuminuria group (n = 43), and 34 age- and sex-matched non-diabetic healthy subjects were selected as controls. Microvesicle-bound DPP IV and free urinary DPP IV were separated by a filtra-centrifugation method. The total microvesicles were captured by a specific monoclonal antibody, AD-1. DPP IV activity was determined by measuring the cleavage of chromogenic free 4-nitroaniline from Gly-Pro-p-nitroanilide at 405 nm with an ELISA plate reader. DPP IV protein levels were determined by ELISA and Western blot. Our results showed that the microvesicle-bound type was the major form of DPP IV in urine; the urinary microvesicle-DPP IV excretion of each T2DM group was significantly higher compared with controls. The urinary microvesicle-DPP IV level was positively correlated with UACR in patients with T2DM. These findings suggest that the urinary level of microvesicle-bound DPP IV is associated with the severity of DKD. FAU - Sun, Ai-li
Screening, monitoring, and treatment of albuminuria: Public health perspectives.; Microalbuminuria is an early sign of progressive cardiovascular and renal disease in individuals with and without diabetes. Despite compelling data, at present only a minority of patients with diabetes and rarely individuals without diabetes are screened for albuminuria in a systematic way. All of the criteria to implement systematic albuminuria screening are fulfilled in diabetes, and most are nearly fulfilled for microalbuminuria screening in individuals without diabetes. Because of the growing evidence that treatment of microalbuminuria in individuals without diabetes may offer a cost-effective benefit to prevent cardiovascular disease, nephrologists and other health care providers should pay more attention to the early detection and subsequent treatment of individuals with microalbuminuria. FAU - de Jong, Paul E
Microalbuminuria: pathogenesis, prognosis and management.; The development in recent years of sensitive assays specific for albumin has facilitated extensive investigation of the pathophysiology and clinical significance of microalbuminuria. It is now clear that the appearance of microalbuminuria represents a crucial event in the natural histories of diabetes mellitus and essential hypertension. It reflects the presence of generalized vascular damage and is strongly predictive of subsequent renal failure, cardiovascular morbidity, and death. Therapeutic interventions, including strict diabetic and blood-pressure control, can reduce microalbuminuria and improve the overall prognosis. The detection and treatment of microalbuminuria in these high-risk groups should now form an integral part of their management. Large-scale screening programmes are also recommended for insulin-dependent diabetics. FAU - Panayiotou, B N
Cerebral microvascular disease predicts renal failure in type 2 diabetes.; Abnormalities in small renal vessels may increase the risk of developing impaired renal function, but methods to assess these vessels are extremely limited. We hypothesized that the presence of small vessel disease in the brain, which manifests as silent cerebral infarction (SCI), may predict the progression of kidney disease in patients with type 2 diabetes. We recruited 608 patients with type 2 diabetes without apparent cerebrovascular or cardiovascular disease or overt nephropathy and followed them for a mean of 7.5 years. At baseline, 177 of 608 patients had SCI, diagnosed by cerebral magnetic resonance imaging. The risk for the primary outcome of ESRD or death was significantly higher for patients with SCI than for patients without SCI [hazard ratio, 2.44; 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.36 to 4.38]. The risk for the secondary renal end point of any dialysis or doubling of the serum creatinine concentration was also significantly higher for patients with SCI (hazard ratio, 4.79; 95% CI 2.72 to 8.46). The estimated GFR declined more in patients with SCI than in those without SCI; however, the presence of SCI did not increase the risk for progression of albuminuria. In conclusion, independent of microalbuminuria, cerebral microvascular disease predicted renal morbidity among patients with type 2 diabetes. FAU - Uzu, Takashi
Microalbuminuria: a marker to increased renal and cardiovascular risk in diabetes mellitus.; The presence of persistent microalbuminuria in IDDM is strongly predictive of the future development of end stage renal failure and of cardiovascular disease to a lesser extent. Screening for microalbuminuria is an essential component of modern diabetes practice, as effective antihypertensive therapy, and particularly, the use of angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors is of proven benefit in retarding progression of renal disease. Cost benefit analysis justifies the expense of microalbuminuria screening programmes and early intervention. It has been estimated that the use of angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors in microalbuminuric IDDM will save 5200 Pounds-11,000 Pounds per year of life saved. Angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors are not free of side-effects, and it is therefore essential, given the intrinsic variability of the albumin excretion rate, and the regression to normoalbuminuria of a significant proportion of patients, to confirm the diagnosis of microalbuminuria by repeated measurements prior to the commencement of treatment. The value of intensive glycaemic control is unproven, and further prospective studies are required. There are no proven therapies for the prevention of macrovascular disease in IDDM, although the value of cessation of smoking and aggressive blood pressure control are undoubted in the non-diabetic population. Controversy persists about the value of lipid lowering therapy, especially in young patients, although even in this group there is an increased risk of cardiovascular disease. Microalbuminuria is the strongest known predictor of cardiovascular disease in NIDDM; in contrast to the situation in the non-diabetic population, active lipid lowering therapy is not of proven cardiac benefit, but intervention seems justifiable when taken in the context of the very high prevalence of cardiovascular disease. Microalbuminuria is also predictive of end stage renal disease in NIDDM. Although intervention with angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors has not been proven to prevent end stage renal disease, stabilisation of albumin excretion rate and creatinine clearance have been demonstrated in normotensive NIDDM, and it seems likely that longer term follow-up studies will confirm the benefit of angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors in the prevention of end-stage renal disease. The observed predictive power of microalbuminuria as regards both cardiac and renal risk in NIDDM when considered in conjunction with the preliminary results of the benefits of angiotensin converting enzyme inhibition lend further support to the employment of microalbuminuria screening in NIDDM. FAU - McKenna, K
Enhancing the predictive value of urinary albumin for diabetic nephropathy.; Diabetic nephropathy (DN) is a growing cause of ESRD despite widely known recommendations for improved glycemic and BP control. Perhaps earlier identification of patients who have diabetes and are at high risk for DN could reverse these epidemiologic trends. Albumin excretion rate (AER), the mainstay of early detection of DN, is not a sufficiently precise predictor of DN risk. Careful family history, smoking history, consideration of absolute versus categorical AER values, more frequent AER measures, ambulatory BP monitoring, precise GFR measurements, diabetic retinopathy assessments, and plasma lipid levels all can add to predictive accuracy for DN. Thus, although further research in DN biomarkers and predictors is greatly needed, a careful integrated evaluation of currently available parameters can improve our ability to predict DN risk in individual patients. FAU - Caramori, M Luiza
Predicting the development of diabetic nephropathy and its progression.; Diabetes remains the number one cause of end-stage renal disease worldwide. Only about one third of diabetic patients develop nephropathy, and the risk appears to be, in part, genetically determined. In this article, we review clinical and genetic markers for the development and progression of diabetic nephropathy. Microalbuminuria remains the best available predictor of the subsequent development of nephropathy, even though in recent years it has become clear that less than 50% of individuals with type 1 diabetes progress to overt proteinuria over a period of less than 10 years. It is of great interest for early recognition of risk of nephropathy that small elevations in nighttime blood pressure predict microalbuminuria in type 1 diabetes. Genetic markers for diabetic nephropathy have not been conclusively identified. The occurrence of renal events in diabetic patients, however, appears to be influenced by the angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) genotype, with a dominant deleterious effect of the D allele (D/D or I/D) versus I/I genotype. Some patients with the DD genotype also appear less susceptible to the renoprotective effects of conventional doses of ACE inhibitors, suggesting that ACE genotyping might be useful in selecting those patients that could benefit from higher doses of ACE inhibitors and more aggressive treatment to prevent or delay disease progression. FAU - William, Josette
Prevalence of chronic kidney disease in US adults with undiagnosed diabetes or prediabetes.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Prevalence of chronic kidney disease (CKD) in people with diagnosed diabetes is known to be high, but little is known about the prevalence of CKD in those with undiagnosed diabetes or prediabetes. We aimed to estimate and compare the community prevalence of CKD among people with diagnosed diabetes, undiagnosed diabetes, prediabetes, or no diabetes. DESIGN, SETTING, PARTICIPANTS, & MEASUREMENTS: The 1999 through 2006 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey is a representative survey of the civilian, noninstitutionalized US population. Participants who were aged > or =20 years; responded to the diabetes questionnaire; and had fasting plasma glucose (FPG), serum creatinine, and urinary albumin-creatinine ratio measurements were included (N = 8188). Diabetes status was defined as follows: Diagnosed diabetes, self-reported provider diagnosis (n = 826); undiagnosed diabetes, FPG > or =126 mg/dl without self-reported diagnosis (n = 299); prediabetes, FPG > or =100 and <126 mg/dl (n = 2272); and no diabetes, FPG <100 mg/dl (n = 4791). Prevalence of CKD was defined by estimated GFR 15 to 59 ml/min per 1.73 m(2) or albumin-creatinine ratio > or =30 mg/g; adjustment was performed with multivariable logistic regression. RESULTS: Fully 39.6% of people with diagnosed and 41.7% with undiagnosed diabetes had CKD; 17.7% with prediabetes and 10.6% without diabetes had CKD. Age-, gender-, and race/ethnicity-adjusted prevalence of CKD was 32.9, 24.2, 17.1, and 11.8%, for diagnosed, undiagnosed, pre-, and no diabetes, respectively. Among those with CKD, 39.1% had undiagnosed or prediabetes. CONCLUSIONS: CKD prevalence is high among people with undiagnosed diabetes and prediabetes. These individuals might benefit from interventions aimed at preventing development and/or progression of both CKD and diabetes. FAU - Plantinga, Laura C
Microalbuminuria as a target to improve cardiovascular and renal outcomes.; Albuminuria is a cardiovascular and renal risk factor in patients with diabetes, patients with hypertension, and the general population. Risk has been shown to increase continuously with increasing urinary albumin levels, starting at levels that once were considered normal. This association is maintained even after adjusting for numerous other factors. Studies also established that a decrease in albuminuria leads to improvement in both cardiovascular and renal outcomes. These data suggest that urinary albumin should be measured routinely and treated to afford cardiovascular and renoprotection. FAU - Basi, Seema
Thrombin generation in type 2 diabetes with albuminuria and macrovascular disease.; BACKGROUND: Albuminuria is an indicator of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality in patients with type 2 diabetic mellitus (T2DM). MATERIALS AND METHODS: In our cross-sectional study, we measured thrombin generation (TG), a key process in haemostasis and a tool to detect an individual's coagulation potential, in normo-, micro- and macroalbuminuria in T2DM with and without macrovascular disease (MVD). The TG-assay was performed, and the TG-curve [including the lag phase, peak thrombin and area under the curve (AUC)] was analysed. RESULTS: A total of 160 patients (62 women; mean age ± SD: 67 ± 11 years) with T2DM and normo-, micro- or macroalbuminuria were investigated. Of those, 90 (56%) patients had normoalbuminuria, 40 (25%) microalbuminuria and 30 (19%) macroalbuminuria. The AUC between the groups of patients with normo-, micro- and macroalbuminuria was statistically significantly different [3297 (2785; 3764) vs. 3222 (2381; 3678) vs. 3726 (3153; 4235) nM Thrombin; P = 0AE019]. T2DM patients with MVD (n = 121) had a significantly shorter lag phase [12 (9; 16) vs. 20 (15; 25) min; P < 0AE001], a significantly higher peak thrombin [233 (130; 339) vs. 133 (82; 187) nM; P < 0AE001] and a significantly higher AUC [3464 (2969; 3868) vs. 3091 (2384; 3619) nM Thrombin; P = 0AE01] than T2DM patients without MVD (n = 39), indicating an earlier and higher thrombin generation. CONCLUSION: Our results support the hypothesis that TG may be involved in the pathogenesis of MVD in diabetic nephropathy as for the first time, we could show that patients with T2DM in different stages of diabetic nephropathy had disturbances in thrombin generation.
A prediction model for chronic kidney disease includes periodontal disease.; BACKGROUND: An estimated 75% of the seven million Americans with moderate-to-severe chronic kidney disease are undiagnosed. Improved prediction models to identify high-risk subgroups for chronic kidney disease enhance the ability of health care providers to prevent or delay serious sequelae, including kidney failure, cardiovascular disease, and premature death. METHODS: We identified 11,955 adults > or =18 years of age in the Third National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey. Chronic kidney disease was defined as an estimated glomerular filtration rate of 15 to 59 ml/minute/1.73 m(2). High-risk subgroups for chronic kidney disease were identified by estimating the individual probability using beta coefficients from the model of traditional and non-traditional risk factors. To evaluate this model, we performed standard diagnostic analyses of sensitivity, specificity, positive predictive value, and negative predictive value using 5%, 10%, 15%, and 20% probability cutoff points. RESULTS: The estimated probability of chronic kidney disease ranged from virtually no probability (0%) for an individual with none of the 12 risk factors to very high probability (98%) for an older, non-Hispanic white edentulous former smoker, with diabetes > or =10 years, hypertension, macroalbuminuria, high cholesterol, low high-density lipoprotein, high C-reactive protein, lower income, and who was hospitalized in the past year. Evaluation of this model using an estimated 5% probability cutoff point resulted in 86% sensitivity, 85% specificity, 18% positive predictive value, and 99% negative predictive value. CONCLUSION: This United States population-based study suggested the importance of considering multiple risk factors, including periodontal status, because this improves the identification of individuals at high risk for chronic kidney disease and may ultimately reduce its burden. FAU - Fisher, Monica A
Albumin to creatinine ratio: a screening test with limitations.; The aim of this study is to assess the effects of age on (1) the ability of a spot albumin-creatinine ratio (ACR) to accurately predict 24-hour albumin excretion rate (AER), and (2) the performance of spot ACR as a screening test for microalbuminuria. Three hundred fourteen patients with diabetes aged 18 to 84 years attending a tertiary outpatient clinic underwent one 24-hour urine collection and, immediately after completion, provided one fasting spot morning urine sample. Twenty-four-hour AER and spot ACR were determined. Performance of spot ACR was assessed according to age and sex. Fifty-three percent of men and 32% of women had an AER of 20 microg/min or greater. Multiple regression analysis showed age was an independent predictor of spot ACR. For an AER of 20 microg/min for patients in the age range of 40 to 80 years, there was an increase in corresponding values for spot ACR from 18.2 mg/g (95% confidence interval [CI], 15.6 to 21.3) to 32.5 mg/g (95% CI, 27.5 to 38.4) in men and from 22.1 mg/g (95% CI, 18.0 to 27.1) to 56.4 mg/g (95% CI, 47.2 to 67.4) in women. Using ACR cutoff values of 22.1 mg/g or greater and 30.9 mg/g or greater in conventional units (equivalent to > or =2.5 and > or =3.5 mg/mmol in SI units) in men and women, the spot ACR provided high sensitivities (men, 95.7%; women, 93.35%) and had excellent receiver operator characteristic curves, respectively. However, the spot ACR false-positive rate increased with age from 15.9% (age, 40 to 65 years) to 31.8% (>65 years) in men and from 10.5% (age, 45 to 65 years) to 28.3% (>65 years) in women. Spot ACR is a good screening test for microalbuminuria, but a poor predictor of quantitative AER, and should not be used as a diagnostic test. The increase in spot ACR relative to 24-hour AER with age supports the use of sex- and age-adjusted ACR cutoff values.
Detecting microalbuminuria and taking action in the cardiometabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes mellitus.; Microalbuminuria is an early indicator of cardiac and renal vascular endothelial damage in individuals with diabetes mellitus, impaired glucose tolerance, hypertension, and the CardioMetabolic Syndrome. This simple, inexpensive dipstick screening test is not only associated with an increased risk of progressive renal insufficiency but also with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease and events. Regular screening for microalbuminuria will allow for early detection and intervention to prevent renal and vascular complications of these disease states. FAU - Hayden, M R Pete
Microalbuminuria: is it a valid predictor of cardiovascular risk?; Microalbuminuria strongly predicts cardiovascular morbidity and mortality, clinical nephropathy, and progression of renal disease in high-risk populations. We recommend screening patients with type 2 diabetes, older patients with type 1 diabetes, and older patients with stage 2 hypertension or higher (ie, > or = 160/100 mm Hg). FAU - Tagle, Rodrigo
The unrecognized prevalence of chronic kidney disease in diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Diabetes mellitus and chronic kidney disease (CKD) are common and exhibit synergistic associations with premature mortality. Current diabetes guidelines in the UK recommend annual urinary albumin and serum creatinine determinations to screen for diabetic kidney disease. The aim of this study was to estimate the burden of CKD in patients with diabetes and examine the ability of serum creatinine and albuminuria to detect clinically meaningful CKD compared with estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR). METHODS: All adults known to have diabetes in primary and secondary care in Salford, UK, alive with independent renal function on 1 January 2004 were included in this observational study (n=7596). Demographic and laboratory parameters were obtained from the Electronic Patient Record. eGFR was determined using the 4-variable modification of diet in renal disease (MDRD) formula. Clinically meaningful CKD was defined as an eGFR <60 ml/min/1.73 m(2). RESULTS: Creatinine and albuminuria were measured in the preceding 2 years in 82.3 and 55.2% of subjects, respectively. In patients with CKD, normoalbuminuria was present in 48.8%, and serum creatinine was normal (<or=120 micromol/l) in 54.7%. An abnormal serum creatinine (>or=120 micromol/l) had a sensitivity and specificity of 45.3 and 100%, respectively, to identify CKD. The combination of abnormal creatinine and albuminuria had an improved performance but still failed to detect a large number with CKD (sensitivity 82.4%, specificity 75.4%). Serum creatinine failed to identify CKD more often in females (OR 8.22, CI 6.56-10.29). CONCLUSIONS: Undiagnosed CKD is common in diabetes. Current screening strategies, based on creatinine or albuminuria, fail to identify a considerable number of subjects with CKD. Incorporating eGFR into screening for CKD would identify individuals earlier in the natural history of the disease and enable early effective treatment to delay progression of CKD. FAU - Middleton, Rachel J
Microalbuminuria: an important diagnostic tool.; The concept of microalbuminuria is reviewed. Measuring the urinary albumin excretion rate and testing for microalbuminuria is well established in the control and treatment of patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Microalbuminuria predicts nephropathy and early cardiovascular death. In the presence of microalbuminuria frequent examinations are warranted for early detection of retinopathy, blood-pressure rise, and for optimizing the glycemic control. In patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes, the independent value of microalbuminuria as a cardiovascular risk factor is not yet clarified. The urinary albumin excretion rate should be measured at diagnosis, because the indications are that presence of microalbuminuria reinforces the urge to intervene against other well-documented cardiovascular risk factors (hypertension, dyslipidemia, tobacco, and obesity). In the nondiabetic population, there is accumulating evidence that an elevated urinary albumin excretion rate is associated with early cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. Large scale cross-sectional and prospective studies are needed in order to clarify further the role of microalbuminuria as an independent risk factor in the background population. FAU - Feldt-Rasmussen, B
Albuminuria and glomerular filtration rate in type 2 diabetes mellitus.; AIM: The aim of this paper was to analyze the relation between glomerular filtration rate (GFR) and albumin excretion rate (AER) in subjects with type 2 diabetes. METHODS: Three hundred thirteen type 2 diabetic patients attending Diabetes Centre, Malta, were studied between 2008 and 2009. GFR was estimated using the Modified Diet Renal Disease (MDRD) formula while two spot measurements of urinary AER were used to determine albuminuria. RESULTS: Forty-nine patients were hyperfiltrating, of whom 69% were normoalbuminuric, 24% microalbuminuric, and 6% macroalbuminuric; 229 subjects had normal eGFR; of these 67% were normoalbuminuric, 27% microalbuminuric and 6% macroalbuminuric; 35 subjects had eGFR<60mL/min/1.73 m2, of whom 43% were normoalbuminuric, 37% microalbuminuric and 20% macroalbuminuric. No association was found between eGFR and AER in subjects with hyperfiltration (P=0.39); however eGFR was strongly correlated with AER in subjects with eGFR <60ml/min/1.73 m2 (r= -0.376; P=0.026). In multinomial logistic regression analysis, eGFR was significantly associated with albuminuria in non-hyperfiltrating, but not in hyperfiltrating, subjects. CONCLUSION: Our data suggests that hyperfiltration and albuminuria occur independently of each other in the early stages of DN, but the decline in eGFR and albuminuria follow a parallel course in later stages of DN suggesting that they may share common pathophysiological mechanisms or they may be causally linked. FAU - Magri, C J
Urinary protein and albumin excretion corrected by creatinine and specific gravity.; Timed urine collections are difficult to use in clinical practice owing to inaccurate collections making calculations of the 24-h albumin or protein excretion questionable. One of our goals was to assess the 'correction' of urinary albumin and (or) protein excretion by dividing these by either the creatinine concentration or the term, (specific gravity-1)x100(1). The 24-h creatinine excretion can be estimated based on the patients' gender, age and weight. We studied the influence of physiological extremes of hydration and exercise, and protein and creatinine excretion in patients with or suspected kidney disorders. Specimens were collected from healthy volunteers every 4 h during one 24-h period. We assayed the collections individually to give us an assessment of the variability of the analytes with time, and then reassayed them after combining them to give a 24-h urine. For all volunteers, the mean intra-individual CVs based on the 4-h collections expressed in mg/24 h were 80.0% for albumin and 96.5% for total protein (P0.2). The CVs were reduced by dividing the albumin or protein concentration by the creatinine concentration or by the term, (SG-1)x100. This gave a CV for mg albumin/g creatinine of 52% (P<0.1 vs. albumin mg/g creatinine); mg protein/g creatinine of 39% (P<0.05 vs. mg protein/g creatinine); mg albumin/[(SG-1)x100] of 49% (P<0.1 vs. albumin)/[(SG-1)x100]; and mg protein/[(SG-1)x100] of 37% (P<0. 05 vs. mg protein)/[(SG-1)x100]. For the 68 subjects in the study, the strongest correlation was between the creatinine concentrations and the 24-h urine volume: r=0.786, P<0.001. The correlation of (SG-1)x100 vs. the 24-h urine volume was: r=0.606, P<0.001; for (SG-1)x100 and the creatinine concentration, the correlation was: r=0.666, P<0.001. Compared to the volunteers, the albumin and protein excretion in mg/24 h were more variable in the patients. The same was true if the albumin or protein concentrations were divided by the creatinine concentration or by (SG-1)x100. Protein and albumin concentrations were lower in dilute urines. Dividing the albumin or protein concentrations by the creatinine concentration reduced the number of false negative protein and albumin results. Dividing the albumin or protein values in mg/24 h by (SG-1)x100 eliminated fewer false negatives. Albumin concentrations increased significantly after vigorous exercise. The increase was almost eliminated when the albumin result was divided by the creatinine concentration suggesting that a decreased urine flow and not increased glomerular permeability causes an increase of post-exercise albuminuria. The same was true for proteinuria. A dipstick test plus an optical strip reader that can measure urine protein, albumin, and creatinine and calculate the appropriate ratios provides a better screening test for albuminuria or proteinuria than one measuring only albumin or protein. FAU - Newman, D J
Renal hyperfiltration and the development of microalbuminuria in type 1 diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to examine prospectively whether renal hyperfiltration is associated with the development of microalbuminuria in patients with type 1 diabetes, after taking into account known risk factors. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: The study group comprised 426 participants with normoalbuminuria from the First Joslin Kidney Study, followed for 15 years. Glomerular filtration rate was estimated by serum cystatin C, and hyperfiltration was defined as exceeding the 97.5th percentile of the sex-specific distribution of a similarly aged, nondiabetic population (134 and 149 ml/min per 1.73 m(2) for men and women, respectively). The outcome was time to microalbuminuria development (multiple albumin excretion rate >30 microg/min). Hazard ratios (HRs) for microalbuminuria were calculated at 5, 10, and 15 years. RESULTS: Renal hyperfiltration was present in 24% of the study group and did not increase the risk of developing microalbuminuria. The unadjusted HR for microalbuminuria comparing those with and without hyperfiltration at baseline was 0.8 (95% CI 0.4-1.7) during the first 5 years, 1.0 (0.6-1.7) during the first 10 years, and 0.8 (0.5-1.4) during 15 years of follow-up. The model adjusted for baseline known risk factors including A1C, age at diagnosis of diabetes, diabetes duration, and cigarette smoking resulted in similar HRs. In addition, incorporating changes in hyperfiltration status during follow-up had minimal impact on the HRs for microalbuminuria. CONCLUSIONS: Renal hyperfiltration does not have an impact on the development of microalbuminuria in type 1 diabetes during 5, 10, or 15 years of follow-up. FAU - Ficociello, Linda H
Diabetic nephropathy: implications for renal and cardiovascular outcomes.; Diabetic nephropathy is a disease entity that is becoming more prevalent in the developed world. Its effect on individuals and society is profound, both in terms of cost and on patient health, especially in relation to associated cardiovascular disease. This review is an analysis of the most recent data available on diabetic nephropathy and its clinical applications to patient care. Using Medline search for relevant data from 1983 to the present, it focuses on clinical strategies that are employed to help curtail the progressive nature of this disease. Current strategies, including glycemic control, blood pressure treatment, inhibition of the renin/angiotensin system, nutrition, and hyperlipidemia, are discussed in relation to the relevant clinical data. Current clinical markers and possible future treatments are also discussed in the context of aiming to improve clinical outcomes in patients who are affected. FAU - Folan, L A
Antiproteinuric effect of RAS blockade: new mechanisms.; Experimental and clinical studies have shown that blockade of the renin-angiotensin system (RAS) is effective in reducing proteinuria in conditions such as diabetes by reducing systemic and intraglomerular hydrostatic pressure. However, increasing evidence suggests that nonhemodynamic effects, such as preservation of the podocyte slit diaphragm structure and function, may also mediate the antiproteinuric effects of RAS blockade. In this review, we analyze in detail the evidence for known and novel mechanisms considered to play important roles in mediating the antiproteinuric effect of RAS blockers, with a particular focus on diabetic nephropathy. FAU - Lassila, Markus
Chronic Kidney Disease Epidemiology Collaboration (CKD-EPI) equation pronouncedly underestimates glomerular filtration rate in type 2 diabetes.; OBJECTIVE To evaluate the performance of the Chronic Kidney Disease Epidemiology Collaboration (CKD-EPI) equation to estimate glomerular filtration rate (GFR) in type 2 diabetic patients with GFR >60 mL/min/1.73 m(2). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS This was a cross-sectional study including 105 type 2 diabetic patients. GFR was measured by (51)Cr-EDTA method and estimated by the MDRD and CKD-EPI equations. Serum creatinine was measured by the traceable Jaffe method. Bland-Altman plots were used. Bias, accuracy (P30), and precision were evaluated. RESULTS The mean age of patients was 57 ± 8 years; 53 (50%) were men and 90 (86%) were white. Forty-six (44%) patients had microalbuminuria, and 14 (13%) had macroalbuminuria. (51)Cr-EDTA GFR was 103 ± 23, CKD-EPI GFR was 83 ± 15, and MDRD-GFR was 78 ± 17 mL/min/1.73 m² (P < 0.001). Accuracy (95% CI) was 67% (58-74) for CKD-EPI and 64% (56-75) for MDRD. Precision was 21 and 22, respectively. CONCLUSIONS The CKD-EPI and MDRD equations pronouncedly underestimated GFR in type 2 diabetic patients. FAU - Silveiro, Sandra P
Predictors of cardiovascular events in patients with type 2 diabetic nephropathy and hypertension: a case for albuminuria.; Individuals with type 2 diabetes and nephropathy represent a particularly high-risk group for both adverse cardiac as well as renal events. Using the Irbesartan in Diabetic Nephropathy Trial (IDNT) cohort, our objective was to determine baseline characteristics of individuals with type 2 diabetic nephropathy and hypertension predictive for cardiac events. IDNT identified 1715 individuals with type 2 diabetic nephropathy and hypertension having serum creatinine of 1.0 to 3.0 mg/dL and urinary albumin excretion rates > or = 900 mg/day. A cardiovascular (CV) composite was used consisting of CV death, nonfatal MI, hospitalization for heart failure, stroke, amputation, and coronary and peripheral revascularization. Using multivariable Cox regression analysis, 41 baseline characteristics determined a priori were analyzed for their potential relationship to risk of experiencing a CV event. Of the 1715 individuals, 518 (30.2%) had at least one of the CV composite end points. Older age, male gender, longer duration of diabetes, history of cardiovascular disease, history of CHF, high urinary albumin:creatinine ratio, and low serum albumin were strong predictors for CV events; of these, prior history of CVD (RR 2.00, 95% CI 1.63-2.45; P < 0.0001) and high urinary albumin:creatinine ratio (RR 1.29 per natural log unit, 95% CI 1.13-1.48; P = 0.0002) at baseline were highly predictive for cardiovascular events. In conclusion, among individuals with hypertension and diabetic nephropathy, both the degree of albuminuria and lower serum albumin levels provide additional prognostic information concerning cardiovascular risk, in addition to traditional coronary risk factors. FAU - Anavekar, Nagesh S
Albuminuria and estimated glomerular filtration rate as predictors of diabetic end-stage renal disease and death.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: We investigated predictive value of albuminuria and estimated GFR (eGFR) for ESRD in Pima Indians with type 2 diabetes. DESIGN, SETTING, PARTICIPANTS AND MEASUREMENTS: Beginning in 1982, 2420 diabetic Pima Indians ≥18 years old were followed until they developed ESRD or died or until December 31, 2005. Individuals were classified at baseline by urinary albumin-to-creatinine ratio (ACR) and by eGFR, calculated by the Chronic Kidney Disease Epidemiology Collaboration equation. Predictors of ESRD and mortality were examined by proportional hazards regression. RESULTS: During a mean follow-up of 10.2 years, 287 individuals developed ESRD. Incidence of ESRD among individuals with macroalbuminuria (ACR ≥ 300 mg/g) was 9.3 times that of those with normoalbuminuria (ACR < 30 mg/g), controlled for age, gender, and duration of diabetes. Incidence among individuals with eGFR 15 to 29 ml/min per 1.73 m(2) was 81.9 times that of those with eGFR 90 to 119 ml/min per 1.73 m(2). Models that combined albuminuria and eGFR added significant predictive information about risk of ESRD or death compared with models containing eGFR or albuminuria alone. The hazard ratio for ESRD associated with a 10-ml/min per 1.73 m(2) lower eGFR was 1.36, whereas that associated with an increase in albuminuria category was 2.69; corresponding hazard ratios for death were 1.15 and 1.37. CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that incorporation of quantitative information about albuminuria into staging systems based on eGFR adds significant prognostic information about risk for diabetic ESRD and death. FAU - Berhane, Abeba M
Screening for microalbuminuria to prevent nephropathy in patients with diabetes: a systematic review of the evidence.; OBJECTIVE: Our goal was to evaluate whether screening patients with diabetes for microalbuminuria (MA) is effective according to the criteria developed by Frame and Carlson and those of the US Preventive Services Task Force. STUDY DESIGN: We searched the MEDLINE database (1966-present) and bibliographies of relevant articles. OUTCOMES MEASURED: We evaluated the impact of MA screening using published criteria for periodic health screening tests. The effect of the correlation between repeated tests on the accuracy of a currently recommended testing strategy was analyzed. RESULTS: Quantitative tests have reported sensitivities from 56% to 100% and specificities from 81% to 98%. Semiquantitative tests for MA have reported sensitivities from 51% to 100% and specificities from 21% to 100%. First morning, morning, or random urine sampling appear feasible. Assuming an individual test sensitivity of 90%, a specificity of 90%, and a 10% prevalence of MA, the correlation between tests would have to be lower than 0.1 to achieve a positive predictive value for repeated testing of 75%. CONCLUSIONS: Screening for MA meets only 4 of 6 Frame and Carlson criteria for evaluating screening tests. The recommended strategies to overcome diagnostic uncertainty by using repeated testing are based on expert opinion, are difficult to follow in primary care settings, do not improve diagnostic accuracy sufficiently, and have not been tested in a controlled trial. Although not advocated by the American Diabetes Association, semiquantitative MA screening tests using random urine sampling have acceptable accuracy but may not be reliable in all settings. FAU - Scheid, D C
Prevalence and risk factors associated with chronic kidney disease in an adult population from southern China.; BACKGROUND: Population-based studies evaluating the prevalence of kidney damage in different communities have been limited in developing countries. We conducted a population-based screening study in the southern Chinese city of Guangzhou that aimed to identify the prevalence and associated risk factors of chronic kidney disease (CKD) in southern Chinese populations. METHODS: We interviewed 6311 residents (>20 years) from six districts of Guangzhou from July 2006 to June 2007 and tested for haematuria, albuminuria and reduced renal function. Associations between age, gender, smoking, diabetes mellitus, hypertension, hyperuricaemia and kidney damage were examined. RESULTS: There were 6311 subjects enrolled in this study. After adjustment for age and gender, the prevalence of albuminuria, haematuria and reduced estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) was 6.6% [95% confidence interval (CI): 5.5-7.6%], 3.8% (95% CI: 3.4%, 4.3%) and 3.2% (95% CI: 2.4%, 3.3%), respectively. Approximately 12.1% (95% CI: 11.3%, 12.9%) of the sample population had at least one indicator of kidney damage. Age, diabetes mellitus, hypertension, central obesity, hyperlipidaemia and use of nephrotoxic medications were independently associated with albuminuria; hyperuricaemia, age, gender, hypertension and use of nephrotoxic medications were independently associated with reduced eGFR, and female gender was independently associated with haematuria. CONCLUSIONS: In the general adult population from southern China, 12.1% has either proteinuria, haematuria and/or reduced eGFR, indicating the presence of kidney damage, with an awareness of only 9.6%. The high prevalence and low awareness of CKD in this population suggest an urgent need for CKD prevention programmes in China. FAU - Chen, Wei
Hypertension in early-stage kidney disease: an update from the Kidney Early Evaluation Program (KEEP).; BACKGROUND: Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is a worldwide public health problem. Systolic blood pressure as an associated feature of CKD has not been fully explored in community volunteer and nationally representative samples of the US population. METHODS: This cross-sectional analysis evaluated hypertension and early-stage CKD in participants in the Kidney Early Evaluation Program (KEEP), a voluntary community-based health screening program administered by the National Kidney Foundation, and the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) data to assess similarities and differences between these populations. Participants in both databases were 18 years or older. RESULTS: The KEEP database included 88,559 participants and the NHANES included 20,095. Hypertension prevalence was greater in KEEP (69.6%) than NHANES (38.1%; P < 0.001). Compared with NHANES participants, KEEP participants had greater rates of obesity (79.5% versus 51.5%; P < 0.001) and diabetes (28.0% versus 8.9%; P < 0.001). In participants with diabetes, KEEP had slightly greater rates of prevalent hypertension (88.5% versus 85.7%; P = 0.03). In participants with hypertension, CKD stages 3 and 4 were more prevalent in KEEP than NHANES (79.1% versus 69.3%; P < 0.001). Rates of CKD stages 3 and 4 were greater in KEEP than NHANES for the following subgroups: African Americans (72.4% versus 57.4%; P < 0.001), smokers (69.1% versus 55.6%; P = 0.002), and participants with hypercholesterolemia (80.2% versus 71.9%; P < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: In the volunteer KEEP population, rates of hypertension and CKD were greater than in NHANES, most prominently in African Americans and participants with increased cardiovascular risk. FAU - Kalaitzidis, Rigas
Prevalence and causes of albuminuria in non-insulin-dependent diabetic patients.; A prospective study of the prevalence and causes of persistent albuminuria (greater than 300 mg/24 hr) was conducted in non-insulin-dependent diabetic (NIDDM) patients, age less than 66 years, attending a diabetic clinic during 1987. All eligible patients (N = 370) were asked to collect at least one 24-hour urine sample for albumin analysis. Urine collection was obtained in 224 males and 139 females (98%). Fifty patients (7 women) suffered from persistent albuminuria (13.8%). The prevalence of albuminuria was significantly higher in males (19%) than in females (5%). A kidney biopsy was performed in 35 patients (70%). The kidney biopsies revealed diffuse and/or nodular diabetic glomerulosclerosis in 27 patients (77%), while the remaining eight patients (23%) had a variety of non-diabetic glomerulopathies, such as minimal lesion and mesangioproliferative glomerulonephritis. Diabetic retinopathy was present in 15 of 27 patients (56%) with diabetic glomerulosclerosis, while none of the eight patients with a non-diabetic glomerulopathy had retinopathy. Our cross sectional study has revealed a high prevalence of albuminuria and of non-diabetic glomerulopathy as a cause of this complication in NIDDM patients. Presence of diabetic retinopathy strongly suggests that a diabetic glomerulopathy is the cause of albuminuria. Albuminuric non-insulin-dependent diabetic patients without retinopathy require further evaluation, that is, kidney biopsy. FAU - Parving, H H
Is albuminuria screening and treatment optimal in patients with type 2 diabetes in primary care? Observational data of the GIANTT cohort.; BACKGROUND: Failure of diagnosing and treatment of albuminuria play a role in morbidity and mortality in type 2 diabetes (T2DM). We evaluated guideline adherence and factors associated with albuminuria screening and treatment in T2DM patients in primary care. METHODS: Guidelines recommend annual measurement of albuminuria and, if increased, treatment with renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system (RAAS) blockers. We performed a cohort study of T2DM patients managed by 182 Dutch general practitioners (GPs; Groningen Initiative to Analyse Type 2 diabetes Treatment database), and evaluated guideline adherence in the years 2007-2009. We assessed whether demographic, clinical, organizational or provider factors determined guideline adherence with multilevel analyses. RESULTS: Data were available for 14 120 T2DM patients [47.6% male, mean age 67.3 ± 11.7 years, median diabetes duration 6 (IQR: 3-10) years]. The albumin-creatinine ratio (ACR) was measured in 45.2% in 2007, 57.4% in 2008 and 56.8% in 2009. Only 23.7% of all patients were measured every year and 21.4% were never measured. The ACR was more often measured in patients <75 years, with a previous ACR measurement, using anti-diabetic medication, and receiving additional care by a diabetes support facility. RAAS treatment was prescribed to 78.4% of patients with prevalent micro/macroalbuminuria, 66.5% with incident micro/macroalbuminuria, 59.3% with normoalbuminuria and 52.1% of those without ACR measurements. In those not treated with RAAS blockers, it was initiated in 14.3, 12.3, 3.0 and 2.3%, respectively. The presence of micro/macroalbuminuria, higher blood pressure, incidence of cardiovascular events and treatment with antihypertensive medication were the determinants of RAAS-treatment initiation. CONCLUSIONS: Guideline implementation regarding the management of albuminuria in T2DM patients in primary care should be further improved. FAU - Hellemons, Merel E
Prevalence of chronic kidney disease in the Kidney Early Evaluation Program (KEEP) México and comparison with KEEP US.; The National Kidney Foundation Kidney Early Evaluation Program (KEEP) is a free community screening program aimed at early detection of kidney disease among high-risk individuals. A pilot phase of KEEP México began in 2008 in México City and Jalisco State. Adults with diabetes, hypertension, or family history of diabetes, hypertension, or chronic kidney disease (CKD) were invited to participate through advertising campaigns. All participants completed a questionnaire. Blood pressure, weight, and height were measured; blood and urine tests included albuminuria and serum creatinine to estimate glomerular filtration rate using the Modification of Diet in Renal Disease Study equation. Mean age of KEEP México City and KEEP Jalisco participants was 46 and 53 years, respectively; >70% were women. CKD prevalence was 22% in KEEP México City and 33% in KEEP Jalisco, not significantly different from reported KEEP US prevalence of 26%. CKD stages 1 and 2 were more frequent in KEEP México and stage 3 in KEEP US. In KEEP México City, CKD prevalence was higher than the overall prevalence among participants with diabetes (38%) or diabetes and hypertension (42%). Most KEEP México participants were unaware of the CKD diagnosis, despite that 71% in KEEP México City had seen a doctor in the previous year. CKD is highly prevalent, underdiagnosed, and underrecognized among high-risk individuals in México. KEEP is an effective screening program that can successfully be adapted for use in México. FAU - Obrador, Gregorio T
Screening and treatment of diabetic nephropathy by primary care physicians.; OBJECTIVE: To describe the practices of Indiana primary care physicians related to diabetic nephropathy screening and management. DESIGN: Cross-sectional, observational. SETTING: The state of Indiana. PARTICIPANTS: Active primary care physicians (defined as general internists, family practitioners, and general practitioners) in Indiana who provided care for diabetic patients at the time of the survey (n = 1,018) MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS: Practice patterns relevant to microalbuminuria and overt albuminuria screening and management were assessed along two dimensions: the percentage of patients to whom the practices were applied and the frequency with which the practices were performed. Of 1,141 physicians who responded to the survey, 1,018 were eligible for analysis. Eighty-six percent of physicians reported screening more than half of their patients with type 1 diabetes for overt albuminuria, as did 82% of physicians for their patients with type 2 diabetes. Only 17% of physicians indicated performing microalbuminuria testing on more than half of their type 1 patients. Angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor agents were used frequently to treat abnormal urinary albumin excretion when hypertension was present, but less often when hypertension was absent. Physician specialty, year of graduation from medical school, practice location, and familiarity with the results of the Diabetes Control and Complications Trial were significant predictors of screening and treatment practice patterns. CONCLUSIONS: Primary care physicians report practices that allow them to detect overt albuminuria but not microalbuminuria. Angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors are frequently used by physicians who test for microalbuminuria, but efforts to increase the detection of early renal damage are needed so that these agents and other therapeutic strategies may be employed at the earliest opportunity. FAU - Kraft, S K
Urinary MCP-1 and RBP: independent predictors of renal outcome in macroalbuminuric diabetic nephropathy.; BACKGROUND: Albuminuria has been considered a sine qua non condition for the diagnosis of diabetic nephropathy (DN) and has been widely used as a surrogate outcome of chronic kidney disease (CKD). However, recent data suggest that albuminuria may fail as a biomarker in a subset of patients, and the search for novel markers is intense. METHODS: We analyzed the role of urinary RBP and of serum and urinary cytokines (TGF-beta, MCP-1 and VEGF) as predictors of the risk of dialysis, doubling of serum creatinine or death (primary outcome, PO) in 56 type 2 diabetic patients with macroalbuminuric DN. RESULTS: Mean follow-up time was 30.7±10 months. Urinary RBP and MCP-1 were significantly higher in patients presenting the PO, whereas no difference was shown for TGF-β or VEGF. In the Cox regression, urinary RBP, MCP-1 and VEGF were positively associated and serum VEGF was inversely related to the risk of the PO. However, after adjustments for creatinine clearance, proteinuria, and blood pressure only urinary RBP (OR 11.6; 95% CI 2.7-49.2, p=0.001 for log RBP) and urinary MCP-1 (OR 11.0; 95% CI 1.6-76.4, p=0.02 for log MCP-1) remained as significant independent predictors of the PO. CONCLUSION: Urinary RBP and MCP-1 are independently related to the risk of CKD progression in patients with macroalbuminuric DN. Whether these biomarkers have a role in the setting of normoalbuminuria and microalbuminuria in DN should be further investigated.
High prevalence of chronic kidney disease in population-based patients diagnosed with type 2 diabetes in downtown Shanghai.; OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to evaluate the prevalence of chronic kidney disease (CKD) and the risk factors associated with CKD among Chinese patients diagnosed with type 2 diabetes aged over 30 in downtown Shanghai and to assess the relationship between CKD and diabetic retinopathy (DR). METHODS: We investigated 1039 Chinese patients diagnosed with type 2 diabetes aged over 30 by randomized cluster sampling in downtown Shanghai, and 1009 patients in this study were analyzed based on data integrity. Body measurements including height, weight, waist circumference and hip circumference, resting blood pressure, fasting blood measures, and urinary albumin-to-creatinine ratio (ACR), as well as the digitally stored fundus images, were investigated. Glomerular filtration rate (GFR) was estimated using the Cockcroft-Gault equation. The prevalence of CKD was calculated, and the risk factors associated with CKD were evaluated using stepwise logistic regression. The relationship between CKD and DR was evaluated using Spearman correlation and the chi-square test. RESULTS: The following were the results found in this study: (a) The prevalence rate of CKD (Stages 1-5) was 63.9% in Chinese patients diagnosed with type 2 diabetes, 8.8% in those with CKD Stage 1, 22.3% in those with CKD Stage 2, and 32.8% in those with CKD Stages 3-5 (GFR<60 ml/min/1.73 m(2)). The prevalence of CKD increased with age. (b) CKD patients were older and had higher duration of diabetes, systolic blood pressure, urea nitrogen, uric acid, creatinine, and ACR of the first urine than those without CKD. (c) Male patients had a higher percentage of CKD Stages 3-5, and female patients had a higher percentage of CKD Stages 1-2. (d) CKD was significantly associated with duration of diabetes, older age, systolic blood pressure, and serum urea nitrogen based on logistic regression analysis. (e) Of the patients without CKD, 15.6% had DR, and of those with CKD, 27.6% had DR. The decrease in GFR was significantly correlated with DR after controlling for sex, age, and albuminuria staging. CONCLUSION: The high prevalence of CKD observed in Chinese patients diagnosed with type 2 diabetes aged over 30 in downtown Shanghai was similar to that in Western patients, and the cause of CKD is likely to be any of the following: type 2 diabetes, IgA nephropathy, hypertension, or any combination of these. The screening program for GFR in type 2 diabetic patients should be performed even on those with normoalbuminuria. The decrease in GFR might predict the occurrence of DR among patients diagnosed with type 2 diabetes. FAU - Lu, Bin
Diabetes mellitus and CKD awareness: the Kidney Early Evaluation Program (KEEP) and National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES).; BACKGROUND: Diabetes contributes to increased morbidity and mortality in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD). We sought to describe CKD awareness and identify factors associated with optimal glycemic control in diabetic and nondiabetic individuals both aware and unaware of CKD. METHODS: This cross-sectional analysis compared Kidney Early Evaluation Program (KEEP) and National Health and Nutrition and Examination Survey (NHANES) 1999 to 2006 participants with diabetes and CKD. CKD was defined and staged using glomerular filtration rate (estimated by using the 4-variable Modification of Diet in Renal Disease Study equation) and urine albumin-creatinine ratio. NHANES defined diabetes as self-reported diabetes or fasting plasma blood glucose level of 126 mg/dL or greater, and KEEP as self-reported diabetes or diabetic retinopathy, use of diabetes medications, fasting blood glucose level of 126 mg/dL or greater, or nonfasting glucose level of 200 mg/dL or greater. RESULTS: Of 77,077 KEEP participants, 20,200 (26.2%) were identified with CKD and 23,082 (29.9%) were identified with diabetes. Of 9,536 NHANES participants, 1,743 (18.3%) were identified with CKD and 1,127 (11.8%) were identified with diabetes. Of KEEP participants with diabetes and CKD (n = 7,853), 736 (9.4%) were aware of CKD. Trends in lack of CKD awareness were similar for KEEP participants with and without diabetes. Unaware participants with and without diabetes identified with stages 1 and 2 CKD were less likely to reach target glucose levels, defined as fasting glucose level less than 126 mg/dL or nonfasting glucose level less than 140 mg/dL, than those with stages 3 to 5 (odds ratio, 0.69; 95% confidence interval, 0.62 to 0.78; odds ratio, 0.69; 95% confidence interval, 0.58 to 0.81; P < 0.001, respectively). CONCLUSION: Our data support that KEEP, as a targeted screening program, is a more enriched population with CKD and comorbid diabetes than NHANES. In addition, our findings highlight the relationship between dysglycemia and early stages of unidentified CKD. FAU - Whaley-Connell, Adam
Metabolic diversity of progressive kidney disease in 325 patients with type 1 diabetes (the FinnDiane Study).; Type 1 diabetic patients with varying severity of kidney disease were investigated to create multimetabolite models of the disease process. Urinary albumin excretion rate was measured for 3358 patients with type 1 diabetes. Prospective records were available for 1051 patients, of whom 163 showed progression of albuminuria (8.3-year follow-up), and 162 were selected as stable controls. At baseline, serum lipids, lipoprotein subclasses, and low-molecular weight metabolites were quantified by NMR spectroscopy (325 samples). The data were analyzed by the self-organizing map. In cross-sectional analyses, patients with no complications had low serum lipids, less inflammation, and better glycemic control, whereas patients with advanced kidney disease had high serum cystatin-C and sphingomyelin. These phenotype extremes shared low unsaturated fatty acids (UFAs) and phospholipids. Prospectively, progressive albuminuria was associated with high UFAs, phospholipids, and IDL and LDL lipids. Progression at longer duration was associated with high HDL lipids, whereas earlier progression was associated with poor glycemic control, increased saturated fatty acids (SFAs), and inflammation. Diabetic kidney disease consists of diverse metabolic phenotypes: UFAs, phospholipids, IDL, and LDL may be important in the subclinical phase, high SFAs and low HDL suggest accelerated progression, and the sphingolipid pathway in advanced kidney injury deserves further research. FAU - Mäkinen, Ville-Petteri
Prevalence and risk factors associated with chronic kidney disease in a Uygur adult population from Urumqi.; Evaluating the prevalence of kidney damage according to population-based studies in different communities has been limited in developing countries. We conducted a population-based screening study in Uygur people of Urumqi, aiming to identify the prevalence and associated risk factors of chronic kidney disease (CKD) in Uygur populations. A total of 2576 residents (>18 years) from four districts of Urumqi were interviewed from June 2007 to January 2009 and tested for haematuria, albuminuria and reduced renal function. Associations between age, gender, smoking, diabetes mellitus, hypertension, hyperuricaemia and kidney damage were examined. There were 2576 subjects enrolled in this study. After age correction, the prevalence of albuminuria, haematuria and reduced estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) was 3.58%, 2.26% and 1.03%, respectively. Approximately 5.65% of the sample population had at least one indicator of kidney damage. Age, diabetes mellitus, hypercholesteremia, hyperuricaemia and hyperlipidaemia were independently associated with CKD. In the general Uygur adult population from Urumqi, 5.65% had either proteinuria, haematuria or reduced eGFR, indicating the presence of kidney damage, with an awareness of only 1.05%. The high prevalence and low awareness of CKD in this population suggest an urgent need for CKD prevention programs in Uygur people. FAU - Lu, Chen
Prevalence and risk factors associated with chronic kidney disease in adults over 40 years: a population study from Central China.; AIM: Chronic kidney disease (CKD) poses a serious public health problem worldwide. Population-based studies determining the prevalence of this disease in China have been limited in several large developed cities. In the present study, a population-based screening study in Henan, a representative province in Central China, was conducted in order to quantify the prevalence of CKD and identify the associated risk factors for this disease in a population of developing areas of China. METHODS: Residents (n = 4156) over 40 years old in four major cities of Henan Province were interviewed and their albuminuria, reduced renal function, haematuria and blood pressure were measured. Associations between age, components of metabolism syndrome and indicators of CKD were examined. RESULTS: Among these subjects, the prevalence rates of albuminuria, haematuria and reduced renal function were 4.51%, 6.28% and 1.53%, respectively. Approximately 10.49% of the subjects had at least one indicator of kidney damage. The awareness rate of this disease in subjects with CKD was only 9.50%. Hypertension, diabetes and hyperuricaemia were three independent risk factors for CKD. CONCLUSION: The high prevalence and low awareness of CKD in the studied population suggest that CKD is a severe public health problem in Central China. Effectively preventive and therapeutic interventions are needed. FAU - Shan, Yan
Urinary proteomics in diabetes and CKD.; Urinary biomarkers for diabetes, diabetic nephropathy, and nondiabetic proteinuric renal diseases were sought. For 305 individuals, biomarkers were defined and validated in blinded data sets using high-resolution capillary electrophoresis coupled with electrospray-ionization mass spectrometry. A panel of 40 biomarkers distinguished patients with diabetes from healthy individuals with 89% sensitivity and 91% specificity. Among patients with diabetes, 102 urinary biomarkers differed significantly between patients with normoalbuminuria and nephropathy, and a model that included 65 of these correctly identified diabetic nephropathy with 97% sensitivity and specificity. Furthermore, this panel of biomarkers identified patients who had microalbuminuria and diabetes and progressed toward overt diabetic nephropathy over 3 yr. Differentiation between diabetic nephropathy and other chronic renal diseases reached 81% sensitivity and 91% specificity. Many of the biomarkers were fragments of collagen type I, and quantities were reduced in patients with diabetes or diabetic nephropathy. In conclusion, this study shows that analysis of the urinary proteome may allow early detection of diabetic nephropathy and may provide prognostic information. FAU - Rossing, Kasper
The diagnosis of renal involvement in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Efforts aimed at early detection and effective treatment and prevention of renal involvement in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus are needed to limit the increasing social burdens of end-stage renal disease and related complications. Microalbuminuria seems to meet all the criteria required for screening of early renal disease (incipient nephropathy) and detection of patients at increased cardiovascular risk. Histologic examination is needed to ensure diagnosis of overt diabetic nephropathy in patients with macroalbuminuric non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus without retinopathy. Regular screening for micro- and macroalbuminuria ensures that renal and extrarenal complications may be identified early and that preventive intervention therapy is instituted, including good metabolic control and raised blood pressure correction. Preliminary evidence suggests that this is a very cost-effective use of health-care resources. FAU - Ruggenenti, P
Serum adiponectin and progression of diabetic nephropathy in patients with type 1 diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to elucidate whether serum adiponectin is associated with progression of diabetic nephropathy in type 1 diabetic patients. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: This was a prospective follow-up study as a part of the nationwide Finnish Diabetic Nephropathy Study; 1,330 type 1 diabetic patients were followed for 5.0 +/- 2.2 years. Patients were divided at baseline into three groups according to their urinary albumin excretion rate (AER) in three consecutive overnight or 24-h urine collections: 818 patients with normoalbuminuria (AER <20 microg/min), 216 patients with microalbuminuria (20 microg/min <or= AER < 200 microg/min), and 296 patients with macroalbuminuria (AER >or=200 microg/min). Progression of albuminuria was the main outcome. Adiponectin was measured by a time-resolved immunofluorometric assay, and the values were log-transformed and adjusted for age, BMI, and sex before analysis. RESULTS: Progression either to the next albuminuria level or to end-stage renal disease (ESRD) occurred in 193 patients. No difference in adiponectin concentrations was observed between progressors and nonprogressors in patients with normoalbuminuria or microalbuminuria. In the patients with macroalbuminuria, progression to ESRD was associated with higher adiponectin in the entire group (23.4 +/- 17.1 vs. 16.0 +/- 8.5 mg/l, P < 0.001) and in men (P < 0.001) and women (P < 0.001) separately. Progression to ESRD was also associated with systolic blood pressure, insulin dose, A1C, serum cholesterol, serum triglycerides, AER, and estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR). When these covariates were inserted in a Cox regression analysis, A1C, triglycerides, eGFR, and adiponectin were significantly associated with progression from macroalbuminuria. CONCLUSIONS: Increased serum adiponectin levels predict the progression from macroalbuminuria to ESRD in type 1 diabetic patients. FAU - Saraheimo, Markku
Microalbuminuria and mortality in long-duration type 1 diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: Microalbuminuria is a recognized risk factor for increased mortality and renal failure in type 1 diabetes. Whether it remains a powerful predictor in patients with a long duration of type 1 diabetes is not known. We ascertained the prognostic significance of abnormal urinary albumin excretion in a cohort of patients with at least 30 years of type 1 diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: A total of 190 patients with a disease duration of type 1 diabetes of at least 30 years with baseline and 5 years of follow-up. RESULTS: At baseline 66% were normoalbuminuric, and at 5 years 11% of this cohort had died. Of the 22% who were microalbuminuric at baseline, 26% had died, and of the 8% with persistent proteinuria at baseline, 44% had died. Of the 4% with end-stage renal failure at baseline, 71% had died within 5 years. Death was attributable to a cardiovascular cause in two-thirds of the cases in all groups. CONCLUSIONS: Even in those with a long duration of type 1 diabetes, the presence of abnormal urinary excretion remains a powerful predictor of increased mortality. FAU - Allen, Kate V
Urinary albumin to osmolality ratio predicts 24-hour urine albumin excretion in diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Urinary albumin to creatinine ratio (ACR) in a single urine sample has been proposed to provide an estimate of microalbuminuria by adjusting for variability in urine concentrations. We hypothesized that adjusting the urine albumin concentration of single-void specimens for actual urine osmolality (urinary albumin to osmolality ratio [AOR]) may provide a more accurate estimate of 24-hour urine albumin excretion rates (AERs). METHODS: Patients with diabetes mellitus (DM; n = 136) had urinary concentrations of albumin, glucose, and creatinine and osmolality measured on single-void samples, and albumin levels, on 24-hour samples. Microalbuminuria is defined as an AER between 30 and 300 mg/d. RESULTS: Correlation between AOR on single-void samples and AER on 24-hour samples (r = 0.87; P < 0.001) was similar to that between ACR and AER (r = 0.88; P < 0.001). Using a cutoff value of 18.4 mg/kg/mOsm x 10(2) (18.4 mg/mmol x 10(2)) for AOR resulted in a sensitivity and specificity of 82% and 86% in detecting microalbuminuria, respectively. The area under the curve (AUC) for AOR was 0.89. Using a cutoff value of 15.0 mg/g (1.7 mg/mmol) for ACR resulted in a sensitivity and specificity of 85% and 85% in detecting microalbuminuria, respectively. The AUC for ACR was 0.90. The ability of AOR to predict AER was maintained at varying degrees of glycosuria (glucose < 100 mg/dL [<5.5 mmol/L]; r = 0.77; 100 to 750 mg/dL [5.5 to 42 mmol/L]; r = 0.85; and >750 mg/dL [>42 mmol/L]; r = 0.92). CONCLUSION: Urinary AOR correlates closely with 24-hour microalbuminuria determination, and the correlation is not appreciably affected by glycosuria. Thus, AOR can be used as an alternative test to ACR in the assessment of microalbuminuria in the population with DM. FAU - Gyamlani, Geeta G
Early detection of kidney disease in community settings: the Kidney Early Evaluation Program (KEEP).; BACKGROUND: Early identification of persons at risk for kidney disease provides an opportunity to prevent or delay its progression and decrease morbidity and mortality. Our hypothesis was that implementation of a targeted screening program in communities with high-risk populations would detect previously unidentified persons with or at high risk for chronic kidney disease (CKD) with a prevalence that exceeds that predicted for CKD in the general population. METHODS: Persons with hypertension or diabetes or a first-order relative with hypertension, diabetes, or kidney disease were screened for kidney disease risk factors. Blood pressure, blood glucose level, serum creatinine level, hemoglobin level, microalbuminuria, hematuria, pyuria, body mass index, and estimated glomerular filtration rate (EGFR) were evaluated. RESULTS: Six thousand seventy-one eligible persons were screened from August 2000 through December 2001: of these persons, 68% were women, 43% were African American, 36% were white, 10% were Hispanic, and 5% were Native American. Most reported high-school education or more (84%) and health insurance coverage (86%). Twenty-seven percent met the screening definitions for diabetes; 64%, for hypertension; 29%, for microalbuminuria; 8%, for anemia; 18%, for hematuria; 13%, for pyuria; 5%, for elevated serum creatinine level; 16%, for reduced EGFR; and 44%, for obesity. Among participants without a reported history of specified conditions, screening identified 82 participants (2%) with diabetes, 1,014 participants (35%) with hypertension, 277 participants (5%) with elevated serum creatinine levels, 839 participants (14%) with reduced EGFRs, and 1,712 participants (29%) with microalbuminuria. Thirty-five percent of participants with a history of diabetes had elevated serum glucose levels at screening (> or =180 mg/dL [10 mmol/L]), and 64% with a history of hypertension did not have blood pressure controlled to less than 140/90 mm Hg. Only 18% of participants with a history of diabetes and 31% with a reduced EGFR had blood pressure controlled to less than 130/80 mm Hg and less than 135/85 mm Hg, respectively. CONCLUSION: Targeted screening is effective in identifying persons with previously unidentified or poorly controlled kidney disease risk factors, as well as persons with a moderately decreased EGFR. FAU - Brown, Wendy Weinstock
The validity of random urine specimen albumin measurement as a screening test for diabetic nephropathy.; To assess the validity of urine albumin concentration (UAC) and the urine albumin:creatine ratio (UACR) in a random urine specimen (RUS) for screening diabetic nephropathy in Korea, a total of 105 ambulatory diabetes mellitus patients (male:female, 52:53), ages 40-75 years (median 59 years) collected 105 RUSs after completing a timed 24 hour urine collection. Albumin was measured by immunonephelometry. According to the timed urinary albumin excretion rate (UAER) measured in the 24 hour collection (criterion standard), samples were classified normoalbuminuric (UAER < 20 micrograms/min; n = 50), microalbuminuric (UAER 20-200 micrograms/min; n = 30), and macroalbuminuric (UAER > 200 micrograms/min; n = 25). The receiver operating characteristics (ROC) curve of UAC and UACR in a RUS for screening of microalbuminuria (normo- and microalbuminuric samples; n = 80) and macroalbuminuria (micro- and macroalbuminuric samples; n = 55) were plotted. Pearson's coefficients of correlation of 24 hour UAER vs. UAC and UACR were 0.81 and 0.75, respectively (P < 0.001). The point of intersection with a 100%-to-100% diagonal for microalbuminuria were as follows: 31.0 mg/l for UAC and 32.5 mg/g for UACR; for macroalbuminuria 181 mg/l for UAC and 287.3 mg/g for UACR. The sensitivity and specificity of the cut-off points for microalbuminuria were 77% and 82% for UAC and 77% and 92% for UACR. The sensitivity and specificity of the cut-off points for macroalbuminuria were 84% and 90% for UAC and 88% and 90% for UACR. In present study, no difference was observed when comparing the performance of UAC and UACR based on a statistical comparison by McNemar test. The repeated measurements of UAC and UACR in the same individual were statistically similar and were correlated with each other. Based on these results, albumin measurements (UAC and UACR) in a RUS were considered as a valid test for screening diabetic nephropathy. FAU - Ahn, C W
Urinary peptidome may predict renal function decline in type 1 diabetes and microalbuminuria.; One third of patients with type 1 diabetes and microalbuminuria experience an early, progressive decline in renal function that leads to advanced stages of chronic kidney disease and ESRD. We hypothesized that the urinary proteome may distinguish between stable renal function and early renal function decline among patients with type 1 diabetes and microalbuminuria. We followed patients with normal renal function and microalbuminuria for 10 to 12 yr and classified them into case patients (n = 21) with progressive early renal function decline and control subjects (n = 40) with stable renal function. Using liquid chromatography matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization time-of-flight mass spectrometry, we identified three peptides that decreased in the urine of patients with early renal function decline [fragments of alpha1(IV) and alpha1(V) collagens and tenascin-X] and three peptides that increased (fragments of inositol pentakisphosphate 2-kinase, zona occludens 3, and FAT tumor suppressor 2). In renal biopsies from patients with early nephropathy from type 1 diabetes, we observed increased expression of inositol pentakisphosphate 2-kinase, which was present in granule-like cytoplasmic structures, and zona occludens 3. These results indicate that urinary peptide fragments reflect changes in expression of intact protein in the kidney, suggesting new potential mediators of diabetic nephropathy and candidate biomarkers for progressive renal function decline. FAU - Merchant, Michael L
Molecular profiling of diabetic mouse kidney reveals novel genes linked to glomerular disease.; To describe gene expression changes that characterize the development of diabetic nephropathy, we performed microarray and phenotype analysis on kidneys from db/db mice (a model of type 2 diabetes), streptozotocin-induced diabetic C57BL/6J mice (a model of type 1 diabetes), and nondiabetic controls. Statistical comparisons were implemented based on phenotypic outcome characteristics of the animals. We used weighted vote-based supervised analytical methods to find genes whose expression can classify samples based on the presence or absence of mesangial matrix expansion, the best indicator for the development of end-stage renal disease in humans. We identified hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase-3beta isotype 4 and osteopontin as lead classifier genes in relation to the mesangial matrix expansion phenotype. We used the expression levels of these genes in the kidney to classify a separate group of animals for the absence or presence of diabetic glomerulopathy with a high degree of precision. Immunohistochemical analysis of murine and human diabetic kidney samples showed that both markers were expressed in podocytes in the glomeruli and followed regulation similar to that observed in the microarray. The application of phenotype-based statistical modeling approaches has led to the identification of new markers for the development of diabetic kidney disease. FAU - Susztak, Katalin
Albumin excretion rate, albumin concentration, and albumin/creatinine ratio compared for screening diabetics for slight albuminuria.; Slight albuminuria, an overnight albumin excretion rate (AER) greater than 30 micrograms/min in an "Albustix"-negative sample, predicts development of diabetic nephropathy. This study compares the AERs for 261 timed overnight urine collections with the albumin concentrations and albumin/creatinine ratios for the same specimens (equivalent to first morning specimens). Thirty-one specimens (11.9%) had AERs greater than 30 micrograms/min. Use of an albumin/creatinine ratio greater than 3.0 mg/mmol to predict an AER greater than 30 micrograms/min gave a sensitivity of 96.8%, a specificity of 93.9%, and a predictive value of 68.2%, with a correlation coefficient of 0.921. Use of an albumin concentration greater than 17 mg/L gave a sensitivity of 96.8%, a specificity of 90.9%, a predictive value of 58.8%, and a slightly poorer correlation (r = 0.904). Evidently either method is acceptable as an initial screening procedure, but determination of albumin concentration alone would be preferable because of lesser cost. FAU - Hutchison, A S
Albuminuria is not associated with bacteriuria in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis of observational studies.; BACKGROUND/AIMS: It has been recommended that urinary albumin be measured in sterile urine for the proper diagnosis of diabetic nephropathy. However, the association between bacteriuria and urinary albumin is controversial. METHODS: A systematic review and meta-analysis was performed to investigate the association of albuminuria and bacteriuria in patients with diabetes. Medline and Embase were searched (beginning in 1950 until November 2010). Data were extracted independently by two investigators. The pooled OR estimates were calculated using the random effects model. RESULTS: We identified 305 studies in the database searches. A total of seven studies were included, providing data from 1,552 patients (mean age 56.4 years). The OR of bacteriuria for the presence of micro- and/or macroalbuminuria was 1.60 (95% CI: 0.97-2.66, I(2) = 66.6%) as compared to patients without bacteriuria. Funnel plots and the Egger regression test suggested no significant asymmetry in the analysis (p = 0.21). In a sensitivity analysis including the five studies (1,197 participants) that evaluated microalbuminuria as the outcome, the OR of bacteriuria for microalbuminuria was 1.22 (95% CI: 0.68-2.19). CONCLUSION: In conclusion, no association was identified between albuminuria and bacteriuria considering the current literature. Further prospective studies of a large diabetic population are needed to clarify such an association.
The Kidney Evaluation and Awareness Program in Sheffield (KEAPS): a community-based screening for microalbuminuria in a British population.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Microalbuminuria (MA) detects subjects at risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD) and chronic kidney disease (CKD) among diabetics, hypertensives and the general population. There is still a paucity of data on prevalence and risk factors for MA in the UK. We examined in a cross-sectional study, the prevalence and risk factors for MA in the general population of Sheffield, UK. METHODS: The study was conducted among participants of the Kidney Evaluation and Awareness Program in Sheffield (KEAPS), a population-based screening program for MA. The screening tools included a questionnaire collating information on demographics, lifestyle, medical and family history of diabetes mellitus, hypertension and CKD. MA measurements were obtained by immunonephelometry, and MA thresholds were defined using the albumin-creatinine ratio. RESULTS: The prevalence of MA was 7.1% in a random sample of a Sheffield-based population screened only once. The prevalence was 6.2% in the non-diabetic and non-hypertensive subjects. The prevalence of MA was only 1.3% in the subjects without any known risk factor, such as old age, diabetes, hypertension, obesity or CVD. The prevalence of MA could be overestimated as it was based on a single albumin-creatinine ratio testing. The independent predictor variables associated with the presence of MA in a mutually adjusted logistic regression model were: age (OR = 1.012, 95% CI: 1.00-1.02), diabetes (OR = 3.25, 95% CI: 1.30-8.13), obesity (OR = 4.09, 95% CI: 1.71-9.80) and family history of hypertension (OR = 1.87, 95% CI: 1.00-3.47). CONCLUSIONS: The main determinants of MA were increased age, diabetes, obesity and family history of hypertension. On the population level, obesity as a risk factor for MA is less well documented; in this study obesity had greater odds for MA than diabetes and hypertension.
Spot urine albumin to creatinine ratio and serum cystatin C are effective for detection of diabetic nephropathy in childhood diabetic patients.; Spot urinary albumin to creatinine ratio (ACR) measurement has been suggested as a surrogate to 24-hr urine collection for the assessment of microalbuminuria, and cystatin C (cysC) is known as an advantageous marker for renal function. The aim of this study was to evaluate the clinical values of spot urinary ACR and serum cysC for the assessment of diabetic nephropathy instead of 24-hr urine microalbumin in children and adolescents with diabetes. A total of 113 children and adolescents (age 12-19 yr, M:F = 47:66) with type 1 or 2 diabetes were enrolled. We evaluated the validity of spot urine ACR and serum cysC, and then compared them to 24-hr urine microalbumin and creatinine clearance. Spot urine ACR was correlated with 24-hr urine albumin excretion (R(2) = 0.828, P = 0.001) and creatinine clearance (R(2) = 0.249, P = 0.017). The ROC curve analysis of serum cysC demonstrated higher diagnostic accuracy than that of serum creatinine (AUC 0.732 vs 0.615). Both the measurements of spot urine ACR and serum cysC might better predict the presence of diabetic nephropathy than 24-hr urine microalbumin in childhood diabetic patients. FAU - Chae, Hyun-Wook
Independent components of chronic kidney disease as a cardiovascular risk state: results from the Kidney Early Evaluation Program (KEEP).; BACKGROUND: The relationships of anemia, microalbuminuria, and estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) with cardiovascular disease (CVD) and subsequent death are not fully understood. We hypothesized that each of these chronic kidney disease-related measures would have an independent relationship with CVD. METHODS: A cohort of 37 153 persons screened in the National Kidney Foundation's Kidney Early Evaluation Program were followed up for a median of 16.0 months (range, 0.2-47.5 months). Participants were volunteers who completed surveys regarding past medical events and who underwent blood pressure and laboratory testing. Estimated glomerular filtration rate was computed using a 4-variable equation. Mortality was ascertained by linkage to national data systems. RESULTS: Of 37 153 persons, the mean +/- SD age was 52.9 +/- 15.9 years, and 68.7% were female. A total of 1835 (4.9%) had a self-reported history of myocardial infarction, 1336 (3.6%) had a history of stroke, and 2897 (7.8%) had a history of myocardial infarction or stroke. Multivariate analysis controlling for age demonstrated that the following were independently associated with CVD: male sex (odds ratio [OR], 1.64; P<.001), smoking (OR, 1.73; P<.001), body mass index (OR, 1.01; P = .03), diabetes mellitus (OR, 1.66; P<.001), hypertension (OR, 1.77; P<.001), eGFR of 30 to 59 mL/min per 173 m(3) (OR, 1.37; P = .001), hemoglobin level of 12.8 g/dL or less (OR, 1.45; P<.001), and microalbuminuria of greater than 30 mg/L (OR, 1.28; P = .01). Survival analysis found CVD (OR, 3.02; P = .003), chronic kidney disease (OR, 1.98; P = .05), and the combination (OR, 3.80; P<.001) to be independent predictors of mortality. Persons with a combination of all 3 chronic kidney disease measures (anemia, microalbuminuria, and eGFR of <60 mL/min per 1.73 m(2)) had the lowest survival of about 93% by the end of 30 months. CONCLUSION: Anemia, eGFR, and microalbuminuria were independently associated with CVD, and when all 3 were present, CVD was common and survival was reduced. FAU - McCullough, Peter A
Therapeutic effects of angiotensin II inhibition or blockade on the progression of chronic renal disease.; Experimental and clinical research has supported the use of angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors and angiotensin II receptor blockers (ARBs) in diabetic, hypertensive and proteinuric nephropathies. This review will evaluate the role of angiotensin II in the progression of renal damage in kidney diseases; the diagnostic value of microalbuminuria as an early clinical sign of renal damage and the possibility of preventing its further progression; the clinical results obtained with ACE inhibitors and/or ARBs in diabetic and non-diabetic nephropathies; and the therapeutic possibilities of ACE inhibitors and ARBs in renal transplantation. Based on available clinical data, ACE inhibitors can be considered to be the gold standard in reducing and/or preventing albuminuria, and thereby decreasing the percentage of patients who will progress to end-stage renal disease and death. Renal transplantation and chronic allograft nephropathy appear to be a promising field for the use of ACE inhibitors and ARBs. FAU - Cantarovich, F
Renal structure as an indicator for development of albuminuria in normo- and microalbuminuric type 2 diabetic patients.; Baseline glomerular structure in microalbuminuric (MA) and proteinuric Caucasian type 2 diabetic patients predicted progressive glomerular filtration rate decline while baseline urinary albumin excretion (UAE) did not. Little is known about whether or not renal structure at the early stages of diabetic nephropathy (DN) in type 2 diabetic patients can predict further functional development of DN. Baseline renal structure and function and follow-up data of renal function were examined in 17 type 2 diabetic patients (11 men, 45+/-7 (mean+/-S.D.) years old) with known diabetes duration 11+/-8 years without definable renal disease other than DN. Six patients showed normoalbuminuria (NA), 11 microalbuminuria (MA), and were followed up for 6.4+/-1.8 years after the baseline renal biopsy. Light and electron microscopic morphometric analyses provided quantitative glomerular and tubulointerstitial structural changes. No statistically significant difference was observed in hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) values or mean blood pressure (MBP) between baseline and follow-up, even though the number of patients placed on antihypertensive drugs increased from 3 to 7. Follow-up UAE was not significantly different from the baseline UAE although 13 of 17 cases showed an increase. Baseline UAE did not correlate with the follow-up UAE or morphometric measures. Glomerular basement membrane width and volume fraction of the mesangium and mesangial matrix positively correlated with follow-up UAE. In NA and MA Japanese type 2 diabetic patients, baseline renal structural measures are more reliable indicators for the development of UAE than baseline UAE. FAU - Moriya, Tatsumi
Proteinuria and microalbuminuria as predictors of nephropathy.; Measurement of proteinuria, microalbuminuria, and sodium-lithium countertransport in red cells has no practical value. A low-protein diet and ACE inhibitor therapy are currently the best way to retard progression of diabetic renal disease. FAU - Arieff, A I
Cigarette smoking and increased urine albumin excretion are interrelated predictors of nephropathy progression in type 2 diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Increased urine albumin excretion (UAE) predicts nephropathy progression in type 2 diabetes, whereas improved blood pressure (BP) control and angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibition ameliorate both albuminuria and nephropathy progression. Cigarette smoking (CS) predicts nephropathy progression in patients with type 2 diabetes despite improved BP control and ACE inhibition. We tested the hypothesis that CS and increased UAE are interrelated predictors of nephropathy progression in patients with type 2 diabetes undergoing improved BP control and ACE inhibition. METHODS: We prospectively followed plasma creatinine (P(cr)) levels and UAE as albumin-creatinine (alb-cr) ratio for 63.9 +/- 0.6 months in 84 patients with type 2 diabetes undergoing BP control with regimens including ACE inhibitors. RESULTS: Despite ACE inhibition and mean BP reduction from 113.7 +/- 1.8 to 92.3 +/- 0.6 mm Hg (P < 0.001), P(cr) increased (1.03 +/- 0.02 to 1.25 +/- 0.04 mg/dL [91.1 +/- 1.8 to 110.5 +/- 3.5 micromol/L]; P < 0.001) during follow-up. Regression analysis showed that entry alb-cr ratio, but not CS, predicted nephropathy progression when considering both factors together, but CS predicted progression only when excluding alb-cr ratio. Nephropathy progression was minimal for lower levels of alb-cr ratio at entry, but increased progressively for levels greater than 300. Alb-cr ratio increment during follow-up directly correlated with nephropathy progression (r2 = 0.307; P < 0.001) and was greater in smokers than nonsmokers (1,878 +/- 346 versus 553 +/- 214; P < 0.001). CONCLUSION: Data show that CS and increased UAE are interrelated predictors of nephropathy progression in patients with type 2 diabetes, and CS increases UAE in these patients despite improved BP control and ACE inhibition.
Clinical usefulness of measurement of urinary albumin excretion in diabetes mellitus.; Mortality in diabetes mellitus is related mainly to its renal and cardiovascular sequelae. Microalbuminuria identifies those at increased risk of both complications, possibly because microalbuminuria is a marker of generalised endothelial dysfunction. Screening for microalbuminuria is of proven benefit in insulin-dependent diabetes, as therapeutic strategies are available that are at least partially effective. Such benefits have not yet been demonstrated in non-insulin-dependent diabetes. Arguments are presented to suggest that microalbuminuria should be defined on the basis of three or more daytime or 24-h urine collections. This increases sensitivity compared to the use of overnight urine collections while specificity is maintained. FAU - Stehouwer, C D
Screening for early diabetic nephropathy.; An albumin excretion rate of 30-150 micrograms/min is a strong predictor of future clinical diabetic nephropathy. The collection of urine samples commonly used is cumbersome and tedious for both patients and laboratory staff. We have therefore examined the usefulness of albumin:creatinine ratio measurement as a predictor of albumin excretion rates greater than 30 micrograms/min. Values above 3.5 for the albumin:creatinine ratio gave high sensitivity (98%) but low specificity (63%) while a value greater than 4.5 had a sensitivity of 96% and specificity of 72%. We conclude that the albumin:creatinine ratio in a first morning urine sample is useful as an initial screening test for microalbuminuria but that further analysis is required to select those with definite microalbuminuria. FAU - Marshall, S M
Validity of biomarkers predicting onset or progression of nephropathy in patients with Type 2 diabetes: a systematic review.; Novel biomarkers predicting onset or progression of nephropathy in patients with Type 2 diabetes have been recently identified. We performed a systematic review to assess the validity of biomarkers predicting onset or progression of nephropathy in patients with Type 2 diabetes in longitudinal studies. The methodological quality of the studies was scored using Standards for Reporting of Diagnostic Accuracy (STARD) criteria and the independent predictive value of the biomarkers beyond conventional risk factors was scored according to the adjustment for these risk factors. Validity of the biomarkers was determined by summarizing the methodological quality and the adjustment score. We identified 15 studies describing 27 biomarkers. Six studies had sufficient methodological quality. These studies identified 13 valid and significant markers for nephropathy in diabetes: serum interleukin 18, plasma asymmetric dimethylarginine; and urinary ceruloplasmin, immunoglobulin G and transferrin were considered valid markers predicting onset of nephropathy. Plasma asymmetric dimethylarginine, vascular cell adhesion molecule 1, interleukin 6, von Willebrand factor and intercellular cell adhesion molecule 1 were considered valid biomarkers predicting progression of nephropathy. Plasma high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, E-selectin, tissue-type plasminogen activator, von Willebrand factor and triglycerides were considered valid markers predicting onset and progression of nephropathy. Several novel biomarkers for prediction of nephropathy in diabetes have been published, which can potentially be applied in clinical practice and research in future. Because of the heterogeneous quality of biomarker studies in this field, a more rigorous evaluation of these biomarkers and validation in larger trials are advocated.
Screening and management of microalbuminuria in patients with diabetes mellitus: recommendations to the Scientific Advisory Board of the National Kidney Foundation from an ad hoc committee of the Council on Diabetes Mellitus of the National Kidney Foundation.; All individuals with diabetes mellitus should be screened yearly with a spot urine albumin:creatinine ratio to identify those who are at increased risk for the development of complications of diabetes mellitus, including nephropathy, retinopathy, and cardiovascular disease. Once these high-risk individuals are appropriately identified, it is recommended that therapy with an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor be initiated. In addition, cardiovascular risk factors should be investigated, and when appropriate, therapeutic interventions should be initiated according to existing recommendations. FAU - Bennett, P H
Prevalence, screening and treatment of chronic kidney disease in people with type 2 diabetes in France: the ENTRED surveys (2001 and 2007).; AIMS: The study aimed to assess the prevalence, quality of screening and treatment of chronic kidney disease (CKD), and their trends between 2001 and 2007, in French adults with type 2 diabetes (T2D). METHODS: The 2007 ENTRED survey randomly selected, from French medical insurance fund databases, 8926 adults treated for diabetes who had been reimbursed at least three times over the previous 12 months for oral hypoglycaemic agents or insulin. Medical reimbursement data were extracted and two sets of questionnaires were mailed, one to all patients (48% response rate) and the other to their doctors (62%). Analyses were restricted to the 3894 responders with T2D (2232 with data from their doctors). Trends between the 2001 and 2007 ENTRED surveys were studied. RESULTS: Participants' mean age was 66 years. The prevalence of CKD was estimated to be at least 29%, based on doctors' data (missing data included). Overall, only 17% had no claims for serum creatinine measurements during the year, and 71% had no claims for albuminuria tests; nonetheless, both figures had decreased from 2001. Older people, those who lived alone and those who felt poorly informed about diabetes were more likely to have made no claims for CKD screening. Assessment of quality of care (prescribing antihypertensive treatment when indicated) was possible for 66% of responders, of whom 25% did not receive such treatment. CONCLUSION: CKD is frequently seen in patients with T2D and is likely to be underestimated because albuminuria screening remains inadequate, despite significant improvements since 2001. Further efforts are needed to improve CKD screening, patient and doctor awareness, and adequate use of antihypertensive/nephroprotective medications.
Accuracy of urine dipstick test for microalbuminuria in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients.; BACKGROUND: Testing for microalbuminuria (MA) is an important tool for detection of the earliest clinical manifestation of diabetic nephropathy Dipstick test for MA is commonly used for screening MA but this dipstick test has not been validated in Thai patients with DM. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the diagnostic accuracy of the dipstick test for MA in random spot urine samples of type 2 diabetic mellitus patients, using urinary albumin to creatinine ratio (UACR) as the reference standard method. MATERIAL AND METHOD: Type 2 diabetic mellitus patients from the out-patient department of seven public hospitals were recruited. Random spot urine samples from all patients were screened for microalbuminuria by Combi-Screen dipstick test and UACR. RESULTS: A total of 6,223 urine samples from 899 diabetic patients were screened for MA. From UACR criteria, these urine samples were classified as normoalbuminuria (4,016 samples, 64.5%), MA (1,795 samples, 28.8%) and macroalbuminuria (412 samples, 6.6%). The dipstick test for MA had an overall sensitivity of 83.7%, specificity of 92.6% with a positive predictive value of 83.4% and a negative predictive value of 92.7%. The area under the receiver operating characteristics curve of the dipstick test for MA is 0.9427. CONCLUSION: The dipstick test for MA may be a useful method to initially screen for MA in Thai patients with type 2 DM. FAU - Krairittichai, Udom
Serum albumin as predictor of nutritional status in patients with ESRD.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Serum albumin is a widely used biomarker of nutritional status in patients with CKD; however, its usefulness is debated. This study investigated serum albumin and its correlation with several markers of nutritional status in incident and prevalent dialysis patients. DESIGN, SETTING, PARTICIPANTS, & MEASUREMENTS: In a cross sectional study, serum albumin (bromocresol purple), and other biochemical (serum creatinine), clinical (subjective global assessment [SGA]), anthropometric (handgrip strength, skinfold thicknesses), and densitometric (dual energy x-ray absorptiometry) markers of nutritional status were assessed in 458 incident (61% male; mean age 54 +/- 13 years; GFR, 6.6 +/-2.3 ml/min per 1.73 m(2); recruited 1994–2010) and 383 prevalent (56% male; mean age 62 +/- 14 years; recruited 1989–2004) dialysis patients. RESULTS: In incident patients: serum albumin was correlated with sex (beta = -0.13; P = 0.02), diabetes mellitus (beta = -0.18; P = 0.004), and urinary albumin excretion (beta = -0.42; P = 0.001) but less so with poor nutritional status (SGA score >1; beta = -0.19; P = 0.001). In prevalent patients, serum albumin was correlated with age (beta = -0.14; P = 0.05), high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (beta = -0.34; P = 0.001), diabetes mellitus (beta = -0.11; P = 0.04), and SGA score >1 (beta = -0.14; P = 0.003). In predicting nutritional status assessed by SGA and other markers, adding serum albumin to models that included age, sex, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease did not significantly increase explanatory power. CONCLUSIONS: In incident and prevalent dialysis patients,serum albumin correlates poorly with several markers of nutritional status. Thus, its value as a reliable marker of nutritional status in patients with ESRD is limited. In addition, the following inconsistencies between the main text and Tables 1 and 3 are also corrected as follows. (1) In Table 1, the GFR initially written as 6 +/- 3 ml/min per 1.73(2) should be corrected to 6.6 +/- 2.3 ml/min per 1.73(2). (2) On line 11 of page 1448, under the Clinical Correlates of Serum Albumin Concentration section describing the multiple regression models (Table 3), the P value was initially written as“serum albumin was associated with age (beta = -0.14; P = 0.05).” The P value should be corrected to have the same value as that given in Table 3 (beta = -0.14; P = 0.005. [corrected]. FAU - Gama-Axelsson, Thiane
Development and progression of renal insufficiency with and without albuminuria in adults with type 1 diabetes in the diabetes control and complications trial and the epidemiology of diabetes interventions and complications study.; OBJECTIVE: This multicenter study examined the impact of albumin excretion rate (AER) on the course of estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) and the incidence of sustained eGFR <60 ml/min/1.73 m(2) in type 1 diabetes up to year 14 of the Epidemiology of Diabetes Interventions and Complications (EDIC) study (mean duration of 19 years in the Diabetes Control and Complications Trial [DCCT]/EDIC). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Urinary albumin measurements from 4-h urine collections were obtained from participants annually during the DCCT and every other year during the EDIC study, and serum creatinine was measured annually in both the DCCT and EDIC study. GFR was estimated from serum creatinine using the abbreviated Modification of Diet in Renal Disease equation. RESULTS: A total of 89 of 1,439 subjects developed an eGFR <60 ml/min/1.73 m(2) (stage 3 chronic kidney disease on two or more successive occasions (sustained) during the DCCT/EDIC study (cumulative incidence 11.4%). Of these, 20 (24%) had AER <30 mg/24 h at all prior evaluations, 14 (16%) had developed microalbuminuria (AER 30-300 mg/24 h) before they reached stage 3 chronic kidney disease, and 54 (61%) had macroalbuminuria (AER >300 mg/24 h) before they reached stage 3 chronic kidney disease. Macroalbuminuria is associated with a markedly increased rate of fall in eGFR (5.7%/year vs. 1.2%/year with AER <30 mg/24 h, P < 0.0001) and risk of eGFR <60 ml/min/1.73 m(2) (adjusted hazard ratio 15.3, P < 0.0001), whereas microalbuminuria had weaker and less consistent effects on eGFR. CONCLUSIONS: Macroalbuminuria was a strong predictor of eGFR loss and risk of developing sustained eGFR <60 ml/min/1.73 m(2). However, screening with AER alone would have missed 24% of cases of sustained impaired eGFR. FAU - Molitch, Mark E
Early urinary markers of diabetic kidney disease: a nested case-control study from the Diabetes Control and Complications Trial (DCCT).; BACKGROUND: Urinary markers were tested as predictors of macroalbuminuria or microalbuminuria in patients with type 1 diabetes. STUDY DESIGN: Nested case-control of participants in the Diabetes Control and Complications Trial (DCCT). SETTING & PARTICIPANTS: 87 cases of microalbuminuria were matched to 174 controls in a 1:2 ratio, while 4 cases were matched to 4 controls in a 1:1 ratio, resulting in 91 cases and 178 controls for microalbuminuria. 55 cases of macroalbuminuria were matched to 110 controls in a 1:2 ratio. Controls were free of micro-/macroalbuminuria when their matching case first developed micro-/macroalbuminuria. PREDICTORS: Urinary N-acetyl-beta-d-glucosaminidase (NAG), pentosidine, advanced glycation end product (AGE) fluorescence, and albumin excretion rate (AER). OUTCOMES: Incident microalbuminuria (2 consecutive annual AERs > 40 but < or = 300 mg/d) or macroalbuminuria (AER > 300 mg/d). MEASUREMENTS: Stored urine samples from DCCT entry and 1-9 years later when macro- or microalbuminuria occurred were measured for the lysosomal enzyme NAG and the AGE pentosidine and AGE fluorescence. AER and adjustor variables were obtained from the DCCT. RESULTS: Submicroalbuminuric AER levels at baseline independently predicted microalbuminuria (adjusted OR, 1.83; P < 0.001) and macroalbuminuria (adjusted OR, 1.82; P < 0.001). Baseline NAG excretion independently predicted macroalbuminuria (adjusted OR, 2.26; P < 0.001) and microalbuminuria (adjusted OR, 1.86; P < 0.001). Baseline pentosidine excretion predicted macroalbuminuria (adjusted OR, 6.89; P = 0.002). Baseline AGE fluorescence predicted microalbuminuria (adjusted OR, 1.68; P = 0.02). However, adjusted for NAG excretion, pentosidine excretion and AGE fluorescence lost the predictive association with macroalbuminuria and microalbuminuria, respectively. LIMITATIONS: Use of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors was not directly ascertained, although their use was proscribed during the DCCT. CONCLUSIONS: Early in type 1 diabetes, repeated measurements of AER and urinary NAG excretion may identify individuals susceptible to future diabetic nephropathy. Combining the 2 markers may yield a better predictive model than either one alone. Renal tubule stress may be more severe, reflecting abnormal renal tubule processing of AGE-modified proteins, in individuals susceptible to diabetic nephropathy.
FGF-23 as a predictor of renal outcome in diabetic nephropathy.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Fibroblast growth factor 23 (FGF-23) has emerged as a new factor in mineral metabolism in chronic kidney disease (CKD). An important regulator of phosphorus homeostasis, FGF-23 has been shown to independently predict CKD progression in nondiabetic renal disease. We analyzed the relation between FGF-23 and renal outcome in diabetic nephropathy (DN). DESIGN, SETTING, PARTICIPANTS, & MEASUREMENTS: DN patients participating in a clinical trial (enalapril+placebo versus enalapril+losartan) had baseline data collected and were followed until June 2009 or until the primary outcome was reached. Four patients were lost to follow-up. The composite primary outcome was defined as death, doubling of serum creatinine, and/or dialysis need. RESULTS: At baseline, serum FGF-23 showed a significant association with serum creatinine, intact parathyroid hormone, proteinuria, urinary fractional excretion of phosphate, male sex, and race. Interestingly, FGF-23 was not related to calcium, phosphorus, 25OH-vitamin D, or 24-hour urinary phosphorus. Mean follow-up time was 30.7±10 months. Cox regression showed that FGF-23 was an independent predictor of the primary outcome, even after adjustment for creatinine clearance and intact parathyroid hormone (10 pg/ml FGF-23 increase = hazard ratio, 1.09; 95% CI, 1.01 to 1.16, P=0.02). Finally, Kaplan-Meier analysis showed a significantly higher risk of the primary outcome in patients with FGF-23 values of >70 pg/ml. CONCLUSIONS: FGF-23 is a significant independent predictor of renal outcome in patients with macroalbuminuric DN. Further studies should clarify whether this relation is causal and whether FGF-23 should be a new therapeutic target for CKD prevention. FAU - Titan, Silvia M
Urinary transferrin, high molecular weight proteinuria and the progression of renal disease.; AIMS: Proteinuria predicts rate of progression in a variety of nephropathies. There is considerable evidence that iron-transferrin is toxic to proximal tubular cells in vitro, and recent clinical work suggests that selectivity of proteinuria influences the outcome of renal disease. The aim of this study was to examine the relationship between the nature of proteinuria and progression of renal disease. METHODS: This was a prospective, cross-sectional study in 66 patients with primary glomerulonephritis, diabetic nephropathy and a variety of other renal diseases. Urinary transferrin was measured by sandwich ELISA and correlated with rate of change in estimated creatinine clearance (ECC). Urinary SDS-PAGE was undertaken to divide proteinuria into tertiles according to molecular weight and to quantify the protein in each tertile. The magnitude of each tertile was then correlated with rate of change in ECC over a median period of 20 months. RESULTS: Rate of change of renal function correlated with total proteinuria (r2 = 18%, p < 0.001) and albuminuria (r2 = 17%, p < 0.001), but not urinary transferrin (r2 = 0%, p = 0.235). On univariate analysis high molecular weight proteinuria (r2 = 21%, p < 0.001), intermediate molecular weight proteinuria (r2 = 15%, p = 0.001) and low molecular weight proteinuria (r2 = 10%, p = 0.005) correlated with rate of change in ECC as did total fasting cholesterol (r2 = 7%, p = 0.003). On multivariate analysis, however, the only independent predictors of rate of change in ECC were high molecular weight proteinuria (r2 = 19%, p < 0.001), and total fasting cholesterol (r2 = 5%, p = 0.035). CONCLUSIONS: We found no evidence to support the hypothesis that iron-transferrin is important in the development of human renal injury. High molecular weight proteinuria correlates more strongly with rate of progression of renal disease than intermediate molecular weight, low molecular weight or even total proteinuria. This suggests either, that one or more high molecular weightproteins are implicated in causing progressive renal impairment, or that loss of size selectivity at the glomerular basement membrane is associated with accelerated tubulointerstitial damage. FAU - Mackinnon, B
Comparison of the yield of different screening approaches to detect chronic kidney disease.; BACKGROUND: Screening for chronic kidney disease (CKD) has been advised in high-risk populations. The present study aims to compare the yields of four approaches to select high-risk subjects for CKD screening, which are defined as follows: Approach 1, history of cardiovascular (CV) disease, diabetes mellitus or hypertension (=high CV risk); Approach 2, high CV risk or age >55 years; Approach 3, urinary albumin concentration (UAC) ≥20 mg/L; or Approach 4, UAC ≥10 mg/L at pre-screening. METHODS: The study population is a sample of the general population of Groningen, the Netherlands (n = 3398). UAC was measured (nephelometry) in a first morning void urine sample collected at home and sent to a laboratory by post. Information on demographics and the presence of CV risk factors was obtained by a questionnaire. The presence of CKD was determined during examination at an outpatient clinic. RESULTS: At baseline, 12% of the subjects met the criteria of Approach 1, 33% of Approach 2, 8% of Approach 3 and 25% of Approach 4. CKD was diagnosed in 370 subjects (11%). Approach 2 detected the most CKD patients (sensitivity 65%), while Approach 3 resulted in the lowest number needed to screen (1.9). During a follow-up of 7 years, only the UAC pre-screening approaches detected CKD patients who had both significantly accelerated renal function loss and increased CV risk compared to subjects without CKD. Only 28% of CKD patients detected by the UAC approaches used antihypertensive/angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor treatment prior to screening. CONCLUSIONS: This study suggests that pre-screening based on UAC should be favoured in comparison to screening based on CKD risk factors to detect CKD patients at high renal and CV risk. FAU - van der Velde, Marije
Urinary collagen IV and πGST: potential biomarkers for detecting localized kidney injury in diabetes--a pilot study.; BACKGROUND/AIMS: Urinary biomarkers can identify damage to specific parts of the nephron. We performed a cross-sectional study to characterise the pattern of diabetic nephropathy using urinary biomarkers of glomerular fibrosis (collagen IV), proximal tubular damage (α-glutathione-S-transferase, GST) and distal tubular damage (πGST). METHODS: Clinical data from 457 unselected patients attending a hospital diabetes clinic were collected. Spot urine samples were analysed for albumin and creatinine. Biomarkers were measured by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay, and corrected to urinary creatinine. RESULTS: All 3 biomarkers correlated weakly with albumin/creatinine ratios (Pearson correlation <0.2, p values <0.001). The most common abnormality was elevated urinary collagen IV (glomerular, 35%) compared to αGST (proximal tubule, 18%) or πGST (distal tubule, 15%). The proportion of patients with abnormal biomarker results increased across the normo-, micro- and macroalbuminuria groups, with collagen IV (26, 58, 65%) and πGST (11, 25, 35%) but not αGST. CONCLUSION: In patients with diabetes, these urinary biomarkers appear to identify renal damage that is related to, but distinct from, urine albumin/creatinine ratios. The markers of glomerular fibrosis and distal tubular damage related most closely to the degree of albuminuria. Longitudinal studies are now required to assess whether these biomarkers can detect early renal disease with greater specificity and sensitivity than the albumin/creatinine ratio.
The changing patterns of chronic kidney disease: the need to develop strategies for prevention relevant to different regions and countries.; Chronic diseases are now in pandemic proportions and are the major cause of morbidity and mortality worldwide. Long-term predictions show that the burden will fall increasingly on developing countries. Type II diabetes is now the major global cause of chronic kidney disease. However, chronic kidney disease should not be viewed in isolation, because it is also a major risk factor for cardiovascular deaths. It is both a medical and economic imperative to introduce screening and management programs for chronic kidney disease, diabetes, hypertension, and cardiovascular disease worldwide but particularly in the emerging world. Such programs should be tailored to the needs of the individual country, involve local health providers, be assessable as to their efficacy, and become self-sufficient within 5 years. FAU - Atkins, Robert C
Is screening and intervention for microalbuminuria worthwhile in patients with insulin dependent diabetes?; OBJECTIVE: To analyse the cost-benefit of screening for and antihypertensive treatment of early renal disease indicated by microalbuminuria in patients with insulin dependent diabetes mellitus. DESIGN: Previously published data were used to estimate transition probabilities for each step from normoalbuminuria until death. The effect of intervention on urinary albumin excretion rate by antihypertensive treatment was arbitrarily set at three different levels. All direct costs (screening, antihypertensive treatment, treatment of end stage renal failure) were included in the cost-benefit analysis by using real discount rates of 2.5% and 6%. SETTING: Computer simulation. SUBJECTS: Simulated cohort of 8000 patients. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Mortality, incidence of diabetic nephropathy, incidence of end stage renal failure, and costs versus savings. RESULTS: Assuming treatment effects of 33% and 67% median life expectancy increased by four to 14 years, respectively, and the need for dialysis or transplantation decreased by 21% to 63%. Costs and savings would balance if the annual rate of increase of albuminuria was decreased from 20% to 18% a year. CONCLUSIONS: Screening and intervention programmes are likely to have life saving effects and lead to considerable economic savings. FAU - Borch-Johnsen, K
Serum cystatin C as a marker for early detection of chronic kidney disease and grade 2 nephropathy in Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Diabetic nephropathy (DN) is a significant cause of hemodialysis, and its early detection is extremely important to prevent or delay end-stage renal disease. The significance of the renal function marker serum cystatin C (sCysC) and its relationship with glomerular filtration rate in chronic kidney disease (CKD) and DN in Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes remains uncertain. In this study, we examined the effectiveness of sCysC as a marker of early DN and CKD in Japanese subjects. METHODS: A total of 325 Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes and 88 healthy subjects were studied retrospectively. sCysC concentration (mg/L) was determined by a latex turbidmetric immunoassay using a BioMajesty 8040 analyzer. The renal function of the diabetic patients was evaluated using the albumin-creatinine ratio (ACR) and Kidney Disease Outcome Quality Initiative-Kidney Disease Improving Global Outcomes (K/DOQI-KDIGO) classification. RESULTS: There was a significant increase in sCysC but not in serum creatinine (sCr) or serum β2-microglobulin (sβ2M) in patients with grade 2 DN (ACR 30-300 mg/g) compared to grade 1 patients. Receiver operating characteristic analysis in grade 2 and 3 DN patients showed that sCysC had superior sensitivity and specificity than sCr and sβ2M for early detection of DN. In addition, sCysC showed particularly high sensitivity and specificity in DN patients with stage 2 CKD. CONCLUSIONS: sCysC was effective for detection of grade 2 DN and would be especially useful for screening stage 2 CKD patients (K/DOQI-KDIGO). FAU - Suzuki, Yoshitake
Sequence of progression of albuminuria and decreased GFR in persons with type 1 diabetes: a cohort study.; BACKGROUND: The sensitivity of albuminuria in predicting loss of kidney function has been questioned. We determined the sequence of kidney disease stages (microalbuminuria, macroalbuminuria, low estimated glomerular filtration rate [eGFR], and end-stage renal disease [ESRD]) and characterized those without albuminuria before a low eGFR. STUDY DESIGN: The Pittsburgh Epidemiology of Diabetes Complications Study is a prospective cohort investigation of childhood-onset type 1 diabetes. SETTING & PARTICIPANTS: 480 study participants with eGFR greater than 60 mL/min/1.73 m(2) (mean age, 27 years; diabetes duration, 19 years at study entry) were prospectively followed up for 16 years. OUTCOMES & MEASUREMENTS: Low eGFR was defined as creatinine clearance less than 60 mL/min/1.73 m(2) from timed urine collections; microalbuminuria, as albumin excretion rate between 20 to 200 microg/min (30 to 300 mg/24 h); macroalbuminuria, as albumin excretion rate greater than 200 microg/min (>300 mg/24 h); and ESRD, as dialysis or renal transplantation. RESULTS: The 33 of 480 individuals (7%) who developed ESRD had prior albuminuria. 71 of 480 (15%) individuals developed low eGFR. 66 of 71 (93%) had prior/concurrent albuminuria, and 5 of 71 (7%) did not. Incident low eGFR values in the 5 patients were: (1) 54, (2) 58, (3) 59, (4) 59.7, and (5) 59.8 mL/min/1.73 m(2). 3 of 5 (60%; patients 1, 4, and 5) subsequently developed albuminuria. Final eGFRs in the 5 patients were: (1) 94, (2) 86, (3) 60, (4) 65, and (5) 54 mL/min/1.73 m(2), respectively. LIMITATIONS: GFR and insulin sensitivity were not measured, but estimated. Incident decreased eGFR in patients without preceding/concurrent albuminuria may be caused by misclassification or a temporary eGFR decrease. CONCLUSIONS: Moderately decreased eGFR may occur rarely in patients with type 1 diabetes without preceding albuminuria. FAU - Costacou, Tina
Screening of diabetic patients for microalbuminuria in primary care--The PROSIT-Project. Proteinuria Screening and Intervention.; The PROSIT (Proteinuria Screening and Intervention) Project started in 1993 in order to obtain data on the prevalence of micro- and macroalbuminuria in diabetic patients treated in primary care, to establish an easy screening programme for microalbuminuria, in which also diabetic patients can participate in self-responsibility, and to implement a specific intervention programme for incipient nephropathy. In 58 representative doctor's offices 647 diabetic patients were included, who performed at home self-tests for microalbuminuria on three days within one week using the early morning urine and a newly developed qualitative immunologic test-strip for microalbuminuria. After storage they returned the same urine samples to their doctors' offices for semiquantitative retesting with the immunologic test-strip Micral-Test II. In case of positive results the proteinuria dipstick Combur-9-Test was applied in order to exclude other causes of positive microalbuminuria (e.g. urinary tract infection). Data of 569 patients (6% Type 1, 88% Type 2 and 6% secondary diabetes) could be analysed. Both qualitative self-testing for microalbuminuria at home and semiquantitative retesting in doctors' offices were found to be feasible. Based on semiquantitative retesting the prevalences of microalbuminuria (macroalbuminuria) were 19.6% (0%) in Type 1 diabetes, 17.2% (10.8%) in Type 2 diabetes and 11.7% (7.8%) in secondary diabetes. Type 2 diabetic patients showed a clear correlation between albuminuria and diabetes duration, HbA1c, serum creatinine, triglycerides as well as micro- and macrovascular complications. 227 patients with micro- or macroalbuminuria were included into the ongoing PROSIT intervention programme. FAU - Piehlmeier, W
Dysglycemia but not lipids is associated with abnormal urinary albumin excretion in diabetic kidney disease: a report from the Kidney Early Evaluation Program (KEEP).; BACKGROUND: The relationship between glycemic control and lipid abnormalities with urinary albumin-creatinine ratio (ACR) in chronic kidney disease (CKD) patients with diabetes mellitus (DM) is unknown. We sought to investigate the association of dyslipidemia and glycemic control with levels of albuminuria in the National Kidney Foundation (NKF) Kidney Early Evaluation Program (KEEP) participants with DM and CKD stage 3 or higher. METHODS: We performed a cross-sectional study of 6639 eligible KEEP patients with DM and CKD Stage 3 to 5 from June 2008 to December 2009. Multivariate logistic regression was used to evaluate the association of lipid parameters (per 10 mg/dl change in serum level) and glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) values with three degrees of albuminuria normo (<30 mg/g), micro (30 to 300 mg/g) and macro (>300 mg/g). RESULTS: 2141 KEEP participants were included. HbA1c levels were strongly associated with micro-albuminuria (compared to normo-albuminuria) and macro-albuminuria (compared to normo-albuminuria and micro-albuminuria). Each 1.0% increase in HbA1c increased the odds of micro-albuminuria by 32% (OR 1.32, 95% CI 1.23-1.42) and the odds of macro-albuminuria (vs. microalbuminuria) by 16% (OR 1.16, 95% CI 1.05-1.28). Only increases in serum HDL were associated with decreased odds of micro-albuminuria; otherwise, the association between other components of the serum lipid profile with urinary ACR did not reach statistical significance. CONCLUSION: In this cross-sectional study of 2141 KEEP participants with DM and CKD stages 3-5, overall glycemic control but not lipids were associated with abnormal urinary albumin excretion, a marker of increased risk for progressive disease. FAU - Bose, Subhasish
Prediction of cardiovascular events, diabetic nephropathy, and mortality by albumin concentration in a spot urine sample in patients with type 2 diabetes.; AIMS: To analyze in a random urine spot the predictive value of urinary albumin concentration (UAC) for cardiovascular events, diabetic nephropathy (DN), and death in patients with type 2 diabetes. METHODS: In this cohort, urinary albumin (immunoturbidimetry) was measured as 24-h urinary albumin excretion (UAE) and, in a random spot urine, as UAC and albumin:creatinine ratio (ACR). Primary outcomes were: 1) cardiovascular events, 2) DN defined as a composite outcome [macroalbuminuria and/or decreased glomerular filtration rate (GFR) <60 ml/min/1.73 m²], and 3) death. RESULTS: A total of 199 type 2 diabetic patients, aged 59.9 ± 9.9 years, were followed for 6.1 ± 2.7 years. UAC ≥14.4 mg/l, as determined by ROC curve, predicted DN and prediction for this and other outcomes were compared with traditional microalbuminuria cutoffs for ACR and UAE. The outcomes frequency was: cardiovascular events = 26.4%, DN = 31.7% (23.5% decreased GFR; 13.6% macroalbuminuria) and death = 8.50%. In Cox analyses, UAC ≥14 mg/l increased the risk (hazard ratio, HR) for cardiovascular events 3.25 times (95% CI 1.43-7.38; P = 0.005), 4.30 for DN composite outcome (95% CI 2.22-8.32; P <0.001), and 5.51 for death (95% CI 1.16-26.22; P = 0.032). Corresponding HRs of ACR ≥30 mg/g were: 2.89 (95% CI 1.29-6.45; P = 0.009) for cardiovascular events, 4.67 (95% CI 2.34-9.34; P <0.001) for DN composite outcome and 5.07 (95% CI 1.01-24.88; P = 0.049) for death. HRs of UAE ≥30 mg/24-h were: 2.20 (95% CI 2.08-2.49; P = 0.030) for cardiovascular events, 6.76 (95% CI 3.32-13.77; P <0.001) for DN composite outcome, and 2.47 (95% CI 0.72-8.42; P = 0.150) for death. CONCLUSIONS: In conclusion, random UAC ≥14 mg/l predicted cardiovascular events, diabetic nephropathy, and mortality just as well as ACR. UAC may be used to assess cardiovascular and renal risks in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Recent advances in management of type 2 diabetes and nephropathy: lessons from the RENAAL study.; BACKGROUND: Diabetic nephropathy has become the single most important cause of end-stage renal disease (ESRD) worldwide. Strategies to slow the rate of loss of renal function in these patients recently have been developed. The renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system has proven to be an important target for intervention. METHODS: The Reduction of Endpoints in NIDDM with the Angiotensin II Receptor Antagonist Losartan (RENAAL) study was a randomized, double-blind, multinational, clinical trial that studied 1,513 patients with type 2 diabetes and nephropathy for a mean of 3.4 years. Patients were administered either losartan or placebo, each in addition to conventional antihypertensive therapy, with dosage adjustments as necessary to achieve a target blood pressure of less than 140/less than 90 mm Hg. RESULTS: The study showed a significant benefit of losartan, beyond the effects of lowering blood pressure, on the primary composite end point of doubling serum creatinine level, ESRD, or death (-16%; P = 0.02). Losartan reduced the incidence of serum creatinine level doubling (-25%; P = 0.006) and ESRD (-28%; P = 0.002), but had no effect on rate of death. The composite end point of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality was similar in the two groups. The rate of first hospitalization for heart failure was reduced in the losartan group (-32%; P = 0.005), as was proteinuria (-35%; P < 0.001). The RENAAL study also provided the opportunity to evaluate risk factors that predict ESRD in patients with type 2 diabetes in whom blood pressure was aggressively treated. In our multivariate model, four independent risk factors, proteinuria (most important), serum creatinine level, hypoalbuminemia, and anemia, were identified that predicted the development of ESRD. CONCLUSION: Proteinuria is the single most powerful predictor of ESRD in patients with type 2 diabetes and nephropathy. Thus, it is imperative that it be assessed in all patients with type 2 diabetes to identify those at risk for progressive renal disease. The routine availability of the urinary albumin-creatinine ratio as a diagnostic test provides an important opportunity to further improve the prognosis of individuals with type 2 diabetes and nephropathy. FAU - Keane, William F
Establishment of a method to detect microalbuminuria by measuring the total urinary protein-to-creatinine ratio in diabetic patients.; Diabetes and chronic kidney disease (CKD) which are risk facters of cardiovascular disease, are increasing global public health problems. Microalbuminuria is an early sign of progressive cardiovascular and renal disease in individuals with or without diabetes. Screening for microalbuminuria and early treatment are recommended for patients with increased cardiovascular and renal risk factors. However, the procedure used to measure urinary albumin is expensive. Alternatively, the measurement of total urinary protein is simple and inexpensive. Thus, we aimed to establish a method that could predict the presence of microalbuminuria by measuring the total protein-to-creatinine ratio. Spot urine samples were obtained from 150 patients with diabetes mellitus, and the total protein-to-creatinine ratio and the albumin-to-creatinine ratio (ACR) were measured. There was a significant positive correlation between the protein-to-creatinine ratio and the ACR (r = 0.95). The presence of albuminuria (both micro- and macroalbuminuria) could be predicted from the value of the protein-to-creatinine ratio in more than 90% of patients. A receiver-operating characteristic curve analysis revealed that the protein-to-creatinine ratio had a sensitivity and a specificity of 90.8% and 91.9%, respectively, for the detection of albuminuria and a cutoff value of 0.091 g/g creatinine. These results suggest that screening for microalbuminuria can be replaced by the detection of the protein-to-creatinine ratio, which may be cost-effective for patients with cardiovascular risks as well as for the general population. FAU - Yamamoto, Kyoko
Exercise-induced albuminuria is associated with perivascular renal sinus fat in individuals at increased risk of type 2 diabetes.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Microalbuminuria represents an established surrogate marker of early diabetic nephropathy and glomerular microangiopathy. Increasing evidence is emerging of a role of perivascular adipose tissue (PVAT) as an important link between obesity, insulin resistance and both macro- and microangiopathy. It is not known whether perivascular renal sinus fat (RSF) has an impact on microalbuminuria in the prediabetic stage. We investigated whether RSF quantified by MRI is associated with microalbuminuria before or after exercise. METHODS: Non-diabetic individuals at increased risk of type 2 diabetes were recruited into the Tübingen Lifestyle Intervention Program (TULIP); 146 participants took part in the analysis. RSF was measured in axial MRI sections at the level of the renal artery. Urine was collected before and after exercise stress testing. RESULTS: Participants (age 47 ± 12 years; mean ± SD) reached a mean exercise load of 176 ± 49 W, with a mean arterial peak pressure (MAPP) of 112 ± 14 mmHg. After adjusting for sex, age, visceral adipose tissue (VAT) and MAPP during exercise, RSF was significantly associated with postexercise albumin/creatinine ratio (ACR; p = 0.006). No association between RSF and baseline BP could be observed after adjusting for confounders (p = 0.26), and there was no association between RSF and baseline ACR either (p = 0.2). CONCLUSIONS: RSF is associated with exercise-induced albuminuria independently of sex, age, VAT and MAPP in a non-diabetic cohort at diabetic risk. We conclude that PVAT in the renal sinus may play a role in the pathogenesis of microalbuminuria. FAU - Wagner, R
Clinical significance and different levels of urinary monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 in type 2 diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: Monocyte chemoattractant protein-1(MCP-1) is a cytokine that exhibits most potent chemotactic activity toward monocytes. It is suggested to be implicated in the development and progression of diabetic nephropathy by playing a role in infiltration of monocyte/macrophage. Recent studies have demonstrated that urinary monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (uMCP-1) is different at different stages of diabetic nephropathy. Based on these findings, the aim of this study is to examine the level of uMCP-1 and its clinical significance at different stages of diabetic nephropathy and at the same time to describe the relationship between uMCP-1 and the various parameters. METHODS: Fifty-nine cases with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) were divided into three groups according to urine albumin excretion (UAE): normal albuminuria group, microalbuminuria group and macroalbuminuria group. The levels of uMCP-1, protein excretion, blood urea nitrogen (BUN), serum creatinine (s-Cr), glycohemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), blood pressure and blood fat were measured in 59 patients with T2DM and 27 healthy adults as controls. Results Compared with normal control, levels of uMCP-1 in T2DM were significantly high, which were already elevated in normal albuminuria group. Compared with normal albuminuria group, levels of uMCP-1 in microalbuminuria group and macroalbuminuria group were significantly high. Levels of uMCP-1 in macroalbuminuria group were higher than those in microalbuminuria group. The level of uMCP-1 was positively correlated with UAE, systolic blood pressure (SBP), diastolic blood pressure (DBP), total cholesterol (TC), low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) in T2DM patients, while it had no significant correlation with HbA1c(,) triglyceride (TG) and high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C). CONCLUSIONS: MCP-1 is suggested to be implicated in the development and progression of diabetic nephropathy. It is very important to measure the level of uMCP-1 in the diagnosis and intervention of early diabetic nephropathy. FAU - Wang, Qiu-yue
Serum uric acid is related to cardiovascular events and correlates with N-terminal pro-B-type natriuretic peptide and albuminuria in patients with diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Hyperuricemia is a risk factor for cardiovascular events and renal insufficiency. It correlates to intima-media thickness and microalbuminuria. In this study we evaluated uric acid as an independent marker for cardiac events in patients with diabetes. METHODS: In a prospective observational study we recruited 494 patients with diabetes. Patients were then followed for 12.8 months (mean follow-up) and hospitalizations as a result of cardiac events (ischaemic heart disease, arrhythmias, heart failure) were recorded. RESULTS: The median duration of diabetes was 11 ± 10.35 years. Patients were in the mean 60 ± 13 years old and mean HbA(1c) was 62 ± 13 mmol/mol (7.8 ± 3.3%). At baseline, mean uric acid was 321.2 ± 101.1 μmol/l (range 101.1-743.5 μmol/l), median N-terminal pro-B-type natriuretic peptide was 92 ± 412 pg/ml and median urinary albumin to creatinine ratio was 8 ± 361 mg/g; Uric acid significantly correlated to N-terminal pro-B-type natriuretic peptide (r = 0.237, P < 0.001) and urinary albumin:creatinine ratio (r = 0.198, P < 0.001). In a Cox regression model, including age, estimated glomerular filtration rate, gender, systolic blood pressure, smoking and alcohol consumption, uric acid was the best predictor of cardiac events (hazard ratio 1.331, confidence interval 1.095-1.616, P = 0.04). However, uric acid lost its prognostic value when the natural logarithm of N-terminal pro-B-type natriuretic peptide was added to the model. CONCLUSION: Serum uric acid is a predictor of cardiac events and correlates to N-terminal pro-B-type natriuretic peptide and albuminuria, underscoring the importance of uric acid as a cardiovascular risk marker in patients with diabetes.
High chronic nephropathy detection yield in CKD subjects identified by the combination of albuminuria and estimated GFR.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Epidemiological studies have shown that the burden of chronic kidney disease (CKD) is huge. CKD is a non-specific diagnosis, however, and it is hard to say which renal disorders comprise the body of CKD diagnosed on the strength of the combination of albuminuria and estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) in epidemiological studies, or just how efficient such studies are in detecting chronic nephropathies. METHODS: The INCIPE study identified 524 CKD cases (using the K/DOQI definition based on albuminuria and eGFR) in a random sample of 4000 Italians >40 years old, 262 of whom were randomly chosen to be investigated in order to confirm their CKD and complete a diagnostic workup. We a priori defined diagnostic algorithms for 14 renal conditions based on personal family history, medical records, urine tests, kidney ultrasound with colour-Doppler and other tests. RESULTS: Among the subjects whose CKD was confirmed, a diagnosis of chronic nephropathy was reached in 68% of cases recognized as having either a specific (38%) or an undetermined (30%) kidney disease. Almost 50% of subjects with a specific chronic nephropathy had a diabetic or vascular renal disease. Abnormalities consistent with a chronic nephropathy were found in 50, 68, 70 and 100% of subjects with CKD Stages 1, 2, 3 and 4, respectively. Lone low eGFR and lone microalbuminuria were observed in 20 and 12%, respectively. CONCLUSION: In Caucasians >40 years old with a confirmed CKD condition, (i) an impressive 68% of subjects have an underlying chronic nephropathy, so eGFR and albuminuria are very efficient in detecting renal diseases; (ii) in 32%, the only disclosed renal abnormalities were a glomerular filtration rate <60 mL/min/1.73 m(2) or microalbuminuria; follow-up studies are needed to clarify whether these abnormalities do really identify a chronic nephropathy or just a cardiovascular risk condition. FAU - Gambaro, Giovanni
Urine IgM-excretion as a prognostic marker for progression of type 2 diabetic nephropathy.; Although the clinical manifestations of type 2 diabetic nephropathy and decline in kidney function are similar to those in type 1, the clinical course and the renal structural changes are more heterogeneous in type 2 diabetic patients. Previous studies have shown that an increased urine IgM excretion in patients with type 1 diabetic nephropathy was associated with poor outcome. In the present follow-up study we examine the prognostic value of baseline urine IgM excretion in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. METHODS: A cohort of 106 (74 male and 32 female) patients with type 2 diabetes regularly attending our diabetes out-patient clinic at Skane University Hospital in Lund. They were recruited prospectively under the period between 1992 and 2004. Patients were followed-up until January 2009. The end point was cardiovascular (CV) death or end-stage renal disease (ESRD). The median follow-up time was 5 years (0.5-13 years). Participants were divided according to degree of albuminuria and IgM-uria. RESULTS: During follow-up time, 28 (19 male and 9 female) patients died of CV events and 41 (26 male and 15 female) developed ESRD. The risk of CV mortality was 2.4 fold, and the risk of renal failure 4.9 fold higher in patients with increased urine IgM excretion compared to patients with low urine IgM excretion. Stratified analysis showed that an increased urine IgM excretion was an independent predictor of renal and cardiovascular death irrespective of the degree of albuminuria (HR=3.6, 95% CI: 2.1-6.0, P<0.001). In conclusion, type 2 diabetic nephropathy patients with high urine IgM excretion rates carry an increased risk of renal and cardiovascular death.
Who is tested for diabetic kidney disease and who initiates treatment? The Translating Research Into Action For Diabetes (TRIAD) Study.; OBJECTIVE: We examined factors associated with screening for albuminuria and initiation of ACE inhibitor or angiotensin receptor blocker (ARB) treatment in diabetic patients. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We conducted surveys and medical record reviews for 5,378 patients participating in a study of diabetes care in managed care at baseline (2000-2001) and follow-up (2002-2003). Factors associated with testing for albuminuria were examined in cross-sectional analysis at baseline. Factors associated with initiating ACE inhibitor/ARB therapy were determined prospectively. RESULTS: At baseline, 52% of patients not receiving ACE inhibitor/ARB therapy and without known diabetic kidney disease (DKD) were screened for albuminuria. Patients > or =65 years of age, those with higher HbA(1c), those with cardiovascular disease (CVD), and those without hyperlipidemia were less likely to be screened. Of the patients with positive screening tests, 47% began ACE inhibitor/ARB therapy. Initiation of therapy was associated with positive screening test results, BMI > or =25 kg/m(2), treatment with insulin or oral antidiabetic agents, peripheral neuropathy, systolic blood pressure > or =140 mmHg, and CVD. Of the patients receiving ACE inhibitor/ARB therapy or with known DKD, 63% were tested for albuminuria. CONCLUSIONS: Screening for albuminuria was inadequate, especially in older patients or those with competing medical concerns. The value of screening could be increased if more patients with positive screening tests initiated ACE inhibitor/ARB therapy. The efficiency of screening could be improved by limiting screening to diabetic patients not receiving ACE inhibitor/ARB therapy and without known DKD. FAU - Johnson, Susan L
Telomere length and progression of diabetic nephropathy in patients with type 1 diabetes.; OBJECTIVES: To determine whether short telomere length of blood leucocytes from patients with type 1 diabetes is associated with or predictive of progression of diabetic nephropathy. DESIGN AND METHODS: Two consecutive DNA samples were obtained from 132 patients from the nationwide Finnish Diabetic Nephropathy Study with type 1 diabetes. Control DNA samples were taken from 44 healthy blood donors. Telomere length was measured by Southern blot. Patients were divided into three groups according to their urinary albumin excretion rate (AER): 48 patients with normoalbuminuria (AER < 20 microg min(-1)); seven patients with microalbuminuria (AER > or = 20 microg min(-1) <200 microg min(-1)) and 77 patients with macroalbuminuria (AER > or = 200 microg min(-1)). Progression was defined as a change in albuminuria to a higher level. RESULTS: Progression occurred in 21 patients. Progressors had shorter mean telomere length (8.1 +/- 0.7 kb, mean +/- SD; P = 0.017) and higher percentage of short telomeres (32.0 +/- 8%, P = 0.002) than nonprogressors (8.5 +/- 0.7 kb and 27 +/- 7.2%, respectively). Thus, both shorter telomeres (HR = 0.190, 95%CI 0.065-0.558, P = 0.0025) and higher proportion of short telomeres (HR = 1.115, 1.039-1.195, P =0.0023) were independent predictors of diabetic nephropathy. Telomere length was not associated with the degree of albuminuria and was not different in patients with type 1 diabetes compared with healthy controls. CONCLUSIONS: Short telomeres are independent predictors of progression of diabetic nephropathy in patients with type 1 diabetes. FAU - Fyhrquist, F
Atherogenic lipoprotein changes in diabetic nephropathy.; Cardiovascular risk is increased in patients with diabetic nephropathy. The aim of this study was to examine the relative impacts of albuminuria and renal failure, the two important features of diabetic nephropathy, on potentially atherogenic lipoprotein changes in this condition. The subjects were 160 non-diabetic healthy controls and a total of 200 type 2 diabetes patients with various degrees of nephropathy. The diabetic patients were divided into four groups by urinary albumin/creatinine ratio (U-ACR) and serum creatinine (S-Cr) levels: DM-1 (U-ACR< 30 mg/g, N=85), DM-2 (U-ACR=30-300 mg/g, N=48), DM-3 (U-ACR > 300 mg/g, N=29) and DM-4 (S-Cr>177 micromol/l or 2.0mg/dl, N=38). Lipids in very low (VLDL), intermediate (IDL), low (LDL), and high density (HDL) lipoproteins were measured following ultracentrifugation. VLDL-cholesterol (VLDL-C) was elevated (by 73-100%) in diabetic patients and it did not differ among the stages of nephropathy. IDL-C was higher as the nephropathy stage was advanced, and the elevation was significant in the DM-3 (by 75%) and DM-4 (by 131%) groups. LDL-C was not elevated in diabetic patients and was not different among the stages of nephropathy. Reduction of HDL-C was significant in DM-1, DM-2 and DM-3 (by 12-16%) and it was more exaggerated in DM-4 (by 35%). Multiple regression analyses indicated that elevated S-Cr, but not U-ACR, was an independent factor associated with raised IDL-C and lowered HDL-C in diabetic patients. These results indicate that diabetic patients with nephropathy show multiple lipoprotein changes, and that renal failure has greater impact than albuminuria on abnormalities in IDL and HDL. These lipoprotein alterations may contribute to an increased cardiovascular risk in diabetic nephropathy, especially in diabetic renal failure. FAU - Shoji, T
Epidemiology of chronic kidney disease in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (SEEK-Saudi investigators) - a pilot study.; There are no available data about the prevalence of chronic kidney disease (CKD) and its risk factors in the general population of the kingdom of Saudi Arabia. To estimate the prevalence of CKD and its associated risk factors in the Saudi population, we conducted a pilot community-based screening program in commercial centers in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Candidates were interviewed and blood and urine samples were collected. Participants were categorized to their CKD stage according to their estimated Modification of Diet in Renal Disease (MDRD3)-based, the new Chronic Kidney Disease Epidemiology Collaboration (CKD-EPI) equation and the presence of albuminuria. The sample comprised 491 (49.9% were males) adult Saudi nationals. The mean age was 37.4 ± 11.3 years. The over-all prevalence of CKD was 5.7% and 5.3% using the MDRD-3 and CKD-EPI glomerular filtration equations, respectively. Gender, age, smoking status, body mass index, hypertension and diabetes mel-litus were not significant predictors of CKD in our cohort. However, CKD was significantly higher in the older age groups, higher serum glucose, waist/hip ratio and blood pressure. Only 7.1% of the CKD patients were aware of their CKD status, while 32.1% were told that they had protein or blood in their urine and 10.7% had known kidney stones in the past. We conclude that prevalence of CKD in the young Saudi population is around 5.7%. Our pilot study demonstrated the feasibility of screening for CKD. Screening of high-risk individuals is likely to be the most cost-effective strategy to detect CKD patients. FAU - Alsuwaida, Abdulkareem O
Relationship between dipstick positive proteinuria and albumin:creatinine ratios.; Currently, neither the American Diabetes Association nor the Kidney Foundation consider the results of a positive dipstick urine test for protein, a semi-quantitative measurement, in the final evaluation of diabetic nephropathy. Instead, they require a quantitative test. The object of this study was to assess whether a positive semi-quantitative test could accurately substitute for a quantitative one to evaluate renal disease. We determined the proportion of urine samples dipstick positive for protein that had an albumin:creatinine ratio of 30 microg/mg or more, the recommended value for the diagnosis of microalbuminuria (incipient nephropathy). Albumin:creatinine ratios were measured in urine samples from 19 diabetic and 51 nondiabetic patients in which the dipstick test for protein was positive. Twelve of 24 (50%) urine samples trace positive for protein by a dipstick method had albumin:creatinine ratios of 30 microg/mg or more, whereas 42 of 46 (91%) urine samples greater than or equal to 1+ for protein exceeded that ratio. The results were similar in the two groups of patients. The positive predictive value for a test result more than or equal to 1+ for protein was 91%. We conclude that in contrast to the recommendations of the American Diabetes Association and the National Kidney Foundation, dipstick positive proteinuria of more than or equal to 1+ can substitute for an albumin:creatinine ratio. An algorithm for this more cost-effective approach to the diagnosis of diabetic nephropathy is suggested. FAU - Davidson, M B
The Kidney Early Evaluation Program (KEEP) of Japan: results from the initial screening period.; The International Kidney Evaluation Association Japan evaluated chronic kidney disease (CKD) in Japan, using a Japanese version of the US National Kidney Foundation's Kidney Early Evaluation Program (KEEP). The screening criteria for the first 1065 participants were presence of diabetes or hypertension, or family history of diabetes, hypertension, or kidney disease. Mean age was 59.7+/-16.1 years; 501 participants were men, 564 women. Of participants, 26.9% had diabetes, 59.2% had hypertension (with an additional 21.5% diagnosed after the program), 16.9% had history of diabetes and hypertension together, and 30.6% had neither, but had family history of diabetes, hypertension, or kidney disease. CKD (stages 1-4) prevalence was 26.7%, defined by albumin-creatinine ratio and estimated glomerular filtration rate. CKD prevalence was 35.0% among diabetic participants, 34.8% among hypertensive participants, and 37.1% among participants with cardiovascular disease (CVD). The following baseline conditions were significantly associated with discovered CKD: diabetes, odds ratio 1.71 (95% confidence interval 1.28-2.30); hypertension, 3.42 (2.15-5.44); CVD, 1.88 (1.37-2.57). CKD prevalence was high compared with the general Japanese population. KEEP Japan seems to define a high-risk population with evidence of CKD based on the targeted nature of the program. FAU - Takahashi, Susumu
The need for early predictors of diabetic nephropathy risk: is albumin excretion rate sufficient?; Initial studies showing an approximately 80% rate of progression from microalbuminuria (MA) to proteinuria in type 1 diabetic patients led to the broad acceptance of MA as a useful clinical predictor of increased diabetic nephropathy (DN) risk. Some MA patients, however, have quite advanced renal structural changes, and MA may, in these cases, be a marker rather than a predictor of DN. More recent studies have observed only about a 30-45% risk of progression of MA to proteinuria over 10 years, while about 30% of type 1 diabetic patients with MA became normoalbuminuric and the rest remained microalbuminuric. The finding that some MA patients have only mild diabetic renal lesions is consistent with the lower than originally estimated risk of progression from MA to proteinuria and with the notion that some MA patients revert to normoalbuminuria. To increase the complexity of the scenario, some normoalbuminuric long-standing type 1 diabetic patients have well-established DN lesions and approximately 40% of all patients destined to progress to proteinuria are normoalbuminuric at initial screening, despite many years of diabetes. A similar picture is emerging in type 2 diabetic patients, although fewer studies have been conducted. Thus, the predictive precision for MA to progress to overt nephropathy over the subsequent decade or so is considerably less than originally described. It is unclear whether this is due to changes in the natural history of DN resulting from improved glycemia and blood pressure control, or whether there were overestimates of risk in the original studies due to the small sample sizes, post hoc analyses, and variable MA definitions. Albumin excretion rate (AER) remains the best available noninvasive predictor of DN risk and should be regularly measured according to established guidelines. However, AER may be unable to define patients who are safe from or at risk of DN with an accuracy that is adequate for optimal clinical decision making or for the design of certain clinical trials. Investigations into new risk markers or into the combined use of several currently available predictive parameters are needed. FAU - Caramori, M L
A new tool to detect kidney disease in Chinese type 2 diabetes patients: comparison of EZSCAN with standard screening methods.; BACKGROUND: EZSCAN(®) (Impeto Medical, Paris, France), a noninvasive device that assesses sweat gland dysfunction using reverse iontophoresis, also detects early dysglycemia. Given the interrelationships among dysglycemia, vasculopathy, and neuropathy, EZSCAN may detect kidney disease in diabetes (DKD). METHODS: An EZSCAN score (0-100) was calculated using a proprietary algorithm based on the chronoamperometry analysis. We measured the score in 50 Chinese type 2 diabetes patients without DKD (urinary albumin-creatinine ratio [ACR] <2.5 mg/mmol in men or ACR <3.5 mg/mmol in women and estimated glomerular filtration rate [eGFR] >90 mL/min/1.73 m(2)) and 50 with DKD (ACR ≥25 mg/mmol and eGFR <60 mL/min/1.73 m(2)). We used spline analysis to determine the threshold value of the score in detecting DKD and its sensitivity and specificity. RESULTS: EZSCAN scores were highly correlated with log values of eGFR (r=0.67, P<0.0001) and ACR (r=-0.66, P<0.0001). Using a cutoff value of 55, the score had 94% sensitivity, 78% specificity, and a likelihood ratio of 4.2 to detect DKD with a positive predictive value of 81% and a negative predictive value of 93%. On multivariable analysis, DKD was independently associated with EZSCAN score (β=-0.72, P=0.02), smoking status (1=never, 0=current/former) (β=-2.37, P=0.02), retinopathy (1=yes, 0=no) (β=3.019, P=0.01), triglycerides (β=2.56, P=0.013), and blood hemoglobin (β=-0.613, P=0.04). Patients without DKD but low EZSCAN score (n=10) had longer duration of disease (median [interquartile range], 13 [9-17] vs. 8 [4-16] years; P=0.017) and were more likely to have retinopathy (36.7% vs. 5.1%, P=0.02), lower eGFR (98 [95.00-103] vs. 106 [98.5-115], P=0.036), and treatment with renin-angiotensin system blockers (81.8% vs. 25.6%, P=0.002) than those with a normal score. CONCLUSION: EZSCAN may detect high-risk subjects for DKD in Chinese populations. FAU - Ozaki, Risa
Comparative effectiveness of sulfonylurea and metformin monotherapy on cardiovascular events in type 2 diabetes mellitus: a cohort study.; BACKGROUND: The effects of sulfonylureas and metformin on outcomes of cardiovascular disease (CVD) in type 2 diabetes are not well-characterized. OBJECTIVE: To compare the effects of sulfonylureas and metformin on CVD outcomes (acute myocardial infarction and stroke) or death. DESIGN: Retrospective cohort study. SETTING: National Veterans Health Administration databases linked to Medicare files. PATIENTS: Veterans who initiated metformin or sulfonylurea therapy for diabetes. Patients with chronic kidney disease or serious medical illness were excluded. MEASUREMENTS: Composite outcome of hospitalization for acute myocardial infarction or stroke, or death, adjusted for baseline demographic characteristics; medications; cholesterol, hemoglobin A1c, and serum creatinine levels; blood pressure; body mass index; health care utilization; and comorbid conditions. RESULTS: Among 253 690 patients initiating treatment (98 665 with sulfonylurea therapy and 155 025 with metformin therapy), crude rates of the composite outcome were 18.2 per 1000 person-years in sulfonylurea users and 10.4 per 1000 person-years in metformin users (adjusted incidence rate difference, 2.2 [95% CI, 1.4 to 3.0] more CVD events with sulfonylureas per 1000 person-years; adjusted hazard ratio [aHR], 1.21 [CI, 1.13 to 1.30]). Results were consistent for both glyburide (aHR, 1.26 [CI, 1.16 to 1.37]) and glipizide (aHR, 1.15 [CI, 1.06 to 1.26]) in subgroups by CVD history, age, body mass index, and albuminuria; in a propensity score-matched cohort analysis; and in sensitivity analyses. LIMITATION: Most of the veterans in the study population were white men; data on women and minority groups were limited but reflective of the Veterans Health Administration population. CONCLUSION: Use of sulfonylureas compared with metformin for initial treatment of diabetes was associated with an increased hazard of CVD events or death. PRIMARY FUNDING SOURCE: Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality and the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. FAU - Roumie, Christianne L
Relation of homocysteine to early nephropathy in patients with Type 2 diabetes.; AIM: To explore the relationship between plasma total homocysteine concentration and diabetic nephropathy in patients with Type 2 diabetes. METHODS: Chinese patients with Type 2 diabetes (n = 183) were enrolled in a cross-sectional hospital based study. Early diabetic nephropathy status was documented by presence of microalbuminuria. Plasma total homocysteine concentration was measured using fluorescence polarization immunoassay. Traditional risk factors for diabetic nephropathy were obtained from fasting blood samples and interviewer- questionnaire. RESULTS: Plasma total homocysteine levels were higher in subjects with early diabetic nephropathy than without (13.3 ± 2.9) μmol/l vs. (8.5 ± 1.4) μmol/l, p < 0.01). The association of homocysteine with the diabetic nephropathy was independent of major traditional risk factors for diabetic nephropathy (duration of diabetes, HbA1c, and blood pressure) and determinants of higher homocysteine concentration (age, gender, serum folate and vitamin B12, serum cystatin and creatinine levels, and Biguanide use) (OR: 1.37 (0.89 - 2.24), p < 0.05). Furthermore, per increase of 4.0 μmol/l plasma homocysteine was related to nephropathy, after controlling for per unit increase of other factors (OR: 1.15 (0.94 - 1.29), p < 0.05). CONCLUSION: Plasma total homocysteine concentration was independently associated with occurrence of early diabetic nephropathy in Chinese patients. Future prospective studies are warranted to clarify the relationship. FAU - Li, Jianbo
Abnormal albuminuria as a predictor of mortality and renal impairment in Chinese patients with NIDDM.; OBJECTIVE: Microalbuminuria predicts mortality in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), but its association with deterioration of renal function remains more controversial than in insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM). Using albumin-to-creatinine ratios (ACRs) in random spot urine samples is a convenient method for evaluating albuminuria. We studied prospectively the predictive values of albuminuria in NIDDM when assessed by this urine measurement. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Between 1991 and 1992, we restudied the clinical and biochemical status of 403 Chinese NIDDM patients recruited in 1989 after a follow-up period of 26.6 +/- 3.2 months (mean +/- SD). Spot urine ACR was measured on two occasions and microalbuminuria was defined as a mean ACR between 5.6 and 38 mg/mmol. RESULTS: From the original cohort, 29 patients had died mostly because of cardiovascular events with or without renal failure. The overall relative risk of death in patients with abnormal albuminuria was 7.1 (P < 0.001) (microalbuminuria: 3.7, P = 0.04; macroalbuminuria: 11, P < 0.001). On multivariate analysis, the independent predictive factors for mortality were plasma creatinine (wald = 12.1, P < 0.001) and glucose concentrations (wald = 10.4, P < 0.001) in the normo- and microalbuminuric patients (n = 11) and age (wald = 4.4, P = 0.03) and plasma creatinine (wald = 8.2, P < 0.01) in the macroalbuminuric group (n = 18). In the survivors (n = 374), baseline spot urine ACR was independently associated with 2-year spot urine ACR in the normo- (P < 0.001), micro- (P < 0.01), and macroalbuminuric groups (P = 0.01). In addition, baseline spot urine ACR was independently related to 2-year plasma creatinine (P = 0.01) in the macroalbuminuric group. The rates of change of the reciprocal of plasma creatinine ( delta [Cr]-1) were -27.3 +/- 62.5, -43.4 +/- 68.6, and -108.8 +/- 98.81.mumol01.month-1 in the normo-, micro-, and macroalbuminuric groups, respectively (P < 0.001). The delta [Cr]-1 was independently and inversely related to the baseline spot urine ACR (P < 0.001) and 2-year systolic blood pressure (P < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Abnormal albuminuria as indicated by a random spot urine ACR > 5.6 mg/mmol predicts increased mortality and is associated with the progression of albuminuria and deterioration of renal function in Chinese NIDDM patients. FAU - Chan, J C
Progression-related bias in the monitoring of kidney function in patients with diabetes and chronic kidney disease.; The Cockcroft and Gault (CG) and Modification of Diet in Renal Disease (MDRD) equations underestimate the glomerular filtration rate (GFR) decline in diabetes. Do this decline and the albumin excretion rate (AER) influence their validity? In 161 diabetic patients, isotopically determined GFR (i-GFR) (51Cr-EDTA) was compared with estimated GFR (e-GFR) by the CG, MDRD, and the new Mayo Clinic Quadratic (MCQ) equations. We searched for a relation between the error in e-GFR and the AER. An influence of the AER outcome on the e-GFR decline was evaluated in 63 subjects followed up over 3 years. The MDRD and the MCQ were more precise and accurate than the CG, but they were biased. The error increased with AER for the CG (r = 0.25, P = .001) and the MDRD (r = 0.20, P = .009), but not for the MCQ. For the 63 patients followed up, the e-GFR declines by the 3 estimations were related to the initial AER, whereas no relation with arterial blood pressure, hemoglobin A(1C), hemoglobin, and blood lipids emerged. The MCQ declines were more pronounced: -10.5% +/- 8.9% in the macroalbuminuric group (P < .05 vs both microalbuminuric [-2.6% +/- 10.1%] and normoalbuminuric [-0.1% +/- 6.6%] groups), and were related to the outcome of the AER (r = 0.33, P < .05). As chronic kidney disease progresses in diabetes, the declining GFR and rising AER influence the estimation of GFR by the CG and MDRD equations, underestimating the GFR decline and the benefit of reducing the AER. The less affected MCQ evidences a slower e-GFR decline with AER control. FAU - Rigalleau, Vincent
Serum cystatin C and urinary enzymes as screening markers of renal dysfunction in diabetic patients.; BACKGROUND: In clinical practice, the assessment and follow-up of early renal dysfunction is important in diabetic nephropathy. Therefore, this study was designed to determine whether the serum cystatin C (Cys C) and activities of some tubular enzymes could be used as screening markers for renal dysfunction in diabetic patients. METHODS: Serum Cys C levels and urinary activities of N-acetyl-b-D-glucosaminidase (NAG), alkaline phosphatase (ALP) and lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) and whole blood glycolyse hemoglobin (HbA1C) were measured in 56 diabetic patients and 20 healthy subjects (controls). The results were compared with serum creatinine (Cr) and creatinine clearance (CCr), which were measured and estimated with the Cockcroft-Gault formula (CCG) and 24-hr urine microalbuminuria (MAU). We examined the influence of albuminuria, HbA1C and CCr levels of patients on the levels of the analyzed parameters. Sensitivity and specificity for the diagnosis of renal impairment were calculated by a receiver operating characteristics (ROC) curve for serum Cys C, Cr and urinary enzymes. RESULTS: In normoalbuminurics, only serum Cys C levels and urinary NAG activities were found elevated as compared to controls. In addition to the elevation of serum Cys C levels and urinary activities of NAG, urinary ALP and LDH activities were also found elevated in microalbuminurics. Serum Cys C levels and urinary NAG, ALP, LDH activities started to increase above the normal range when CCr declined and while serum Cr was in the normal range in patients with 50<CCr<80 (grade 2 group). Moreover, these parameters in patients with good metabolic control were significantly lower than in patients with poor metabolic control. There was a significant positive correlation between serum Cys C, urinary NAG, LDH, ALP activities and serum Cr levels. However, there was an inverse correlation between serum Cys C, urinary NAG, LDH, ALP and CCr and CCG in diabetic patients. The ROC plot indicated that serum Cys C and urinary NAG and ALP had higher sensitivity than serum Cr and met the criteria for detecting glomerular and tubular dysfunction as screening tests for early diagnosis of diabetic nephropathy. CONCLUSION: This study demonstrated that measuring serum Cys C levels and urinary NAG, ALP and LDH activities could be useful as screening markers to follow-up glomerular and tubular dysfunction in diabetic patients. FAU - Uslu, Sema
Is cystatin C a useful marker in the detection of diabetic kidney disease?; BACKGROUND/AIMS: To evaluate cystatin C as a marker of diabetic kidney disease in normoalbuminuric diabetic patients without chronic kidney disease (CKD). METHODS: A cross- sectional study was carried out comprising 243 hypertensive patients, 61 of them with type 2 diabetes, presenting normoalbuminuria and an estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) >or=60 ml/min/1.73 m(2). Renal function assessment included determinations of serum creatinine and cystatin C levels, microalbuminuria, as well as eGFR through Cockcroft-Gault and Modification of Diet in Renal Disease equations. RESULTS: Diabetic patients presented higher cystatin C levels than nondiabetic patients (0.95 +/- 0.19 vs. 0.89 +/- 0.17 mg/l; p < 0.05). In the binary logistic regression, the presence of diabetes and metabolic syndrome was significantly associated with elevated cystatin C levels. Diabetic patients also presented a slightly greater albuminuria (6.72 +/- 4.43 vs. 5.07 +/- 3.59 microg/min; p < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest that elevated cystatin C levels in diabetic patients may identify a certain degree of renal dysfunction even when albuminuria and eGFR do not mirror CKD. Longitudinal studies with direct GFR measures need to be done in order to confirm the value of cystatin C as an indicative of worse renal outcomes in the diabetic population.
Prevalence of Obesity and its Association with Chronic Kidney Disease, Hypertension and Diabetes Mellitus. Isle of Youth Study (ISYS), Cuba.; INTRODUCTION: Obesity is a social disease constituting a global pandemic. It is present in 90% of diabetic and 65% of hypertensive patients. It is associated with cardiometabolic syndrome and with damaging physiopathological mechanisms, particularly for the vascular system and the kidneys. On Cuba's Isle of Youth, a community-based epidemiological study of chronic kidney disease (CKD), hypertension (HTN), diabetes mellitus (DM) and cardio-cerebral vascular disease was carried out in total population, including an examination of common risk factors. OBJECTIVE: Based on the Isle of Youth Study (ISYS) data, determine prevalence of obesity and overweight, and their association with CKD, HTN, DM, and shared risk factors for all these conditions in total population of the Isle of Youth, Cuba. METHODS: Phase 1: Population diagnosis (November 2004-April 2006): 96.6% of the Isle of Youth’s total population (80,117) was studied, including all ages and both sexes. Information was offered to the public, and written informed consent obtained. Screening was conducted by participant questionnaire including risk factors, physical measurements (weight, height, blood pressure and body mass index), and a single first-morning urine sample to determine the presence of vascular-renal damage markers – proteinuria and hematuria (Combur 10 Test, Roche), and microalbuminuria (Micral Test, Roche). When results were positive, serum creatinine was determined and glomerular filtration rate (GFR) estimated with Modification of Diet in Renal Disease (MDRD) formula for adults and Schwartz formula for children <15 years. Data obtained were analyzed to determine association of participants’ nutritional status with prevalence of chronic kidney disease, hypertension and diabetes mellitus, as well as a set of common risk factors. RESULTS: Population <20 years: Obesity prevalence 3.2%; positive urine markers in 56.9% of obese and 8.9% of non-obese participants; positive albuminuria in 38% of obese and 3% of non-obese. Obese participants were found to be hyperfiltrating. DM prevalence was 9.5% in obese and 1.1% in non-obese participants. Population ≥20 years: Overweight, 31.3%; obese, 13.4%. Positive markers in normal-weight, overweight and obese individuals were 18.3%, 21.2% and 32.7%, respectively; microalbuminuria values increased with weight. Obese individuals were found to be hyperfiltrating. HTN prevalence in normal-weight, overweight and obese individuals was 18.3%, 31.5%, and 51.0% respectively; DM rates were 2.8%, 5.2% y 11.3%, respectively. CONCLUSION: In Cuba, obesity poses significant risk for vascular and renal damage and should be the focus of increased prevention efforts. FAU - Herrera-Valdés, Raúl
Prevalence, risk factors and awareness of albuminuria on a Canadian First Nation: a community-based screening study.; BACKGROUND: Both diabetic and non-diabetic end stage renal disease (ESRD) are more common among Canadian First Nations people than among the general Canadian population. The purpose of this research was to determine the prevalence of and risk factors for albuminuria in a Canadian First Nation population at high risk for ESRD and dialysis. METHODS: Data from a community-based screening study of 483 residents of a Plains Ojibway First Nation in Manitoba was used. Participants provided random urine samples. Proteinuria was defined as any dipstick positive for protein (≥1 g/L) or those with ACR in the macroalbuminuric range (≥30 mg/mmol) on at least one sample. Microalbuminuria was defined as ACR ≥2 mg/mmol for males and ≥2.8 mg/mmol for females. Other measures included fasting glucose, haemoglobin A1c, triglycerides, cholesterol, blood pressure, height, weight and waist and hip circumferences. RESULTS: Twenty percent of study participants had albuminuria, (5% proteinuria and 15% microalbuminuria). Of participants with diabetes, 42% (56/132) had albuminuria compared to 26% (7/27) among those with impaired fasting glucose and 10% (30/303) among those with normal glucose tolerance. Only 5.3% of those with albuminuria were aware of any degree of renal disease. In a multivariate logistic regression, independent associations with albuminuria were male gender [p = 0.002], increasing fasting glucose [p <0.0001], years diagnosed with diabetes [p = 0.03], increasing systolic blood pressure [p = 0.009], and increasing body mass index (BMI) [p = 0.04]. CONCLUSIONS: The independent association between BMI and albuminuria has not been previously reported among indigenous populations. There is a high prevalence of albuminuria in this Canadian First Nation population; the high proportion of patients with diabetes and undiagnosed kidney disease demonstrates the need for screening, education and intervention to halt the progression and development of albuminuria and ultimately ESRD and CVD. FAU - Zacharias, James Michael
Biological variability of albumin excretion rate and albumin-to-creatinine ratio in hypertensive type 2 diabetic patients.; The importance of measuring microalbuminuria is well established. However, only scanty data are available concerning the biological variability of albumin excretion in type 2 diabetic subjects. We report our experience from a large clinical trial of a new antihypertensive drug (Lercanidipine) designed to reduce albumin excretion and blood pressure in type 2 diabetic patients with hypertension and microalbuminuria. Eighty seven patients with persistent microalbuminuria were studied within 1 year of the clinical trial. The measurements were performed on blood and timed urine samples frozen at -80 degrees C and shipped to a central laboratory unit. Preliminary experiments were performed to assess albumin stability in urine under various conditions (4 degrees C, -20 degrees C and -80 degrees C), particularly with regard to the albumin/creatinine ratio. Urine samples can be stored up to 3 weeks at 4 degrees C or up to 2 months at -80 degrees C. The biological variability of the albumin excretion rate was 25.7%, while that of the albumin/creatinine ratio was 13.4%. These data are useful in defining the analytical goals of imprecision for microalbuminuria (CV = 13% for albumin, and CV = 6% for albumin/creatinine ratio). No correlation between albumin/creatinine ratio and HbA1c was found in the cohort of 61 microalbuminuric patients who completed the trial. The results of this study confirm that the albumin/ creatinine ratio is much more suitable for monitoring albumin excretion in longitudinal studies than the albumin excretion rate. FAU - Mosca, Andrea
Toe-brachial index is associated more strongly with albuminuria or glomerular filtration rate than ankle-brachial index in patients with type 2 diabetes.; The aim of this study was to investigate whether toe-brachial index (TBI) is more strongly associated with albuminuria or estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) than ankle-brachial index (ABI), and thus is a more suitable tool for evaluating the association between peripheral artery disease (PAD) and diabetic nephropathy than ABI in patients with type 2 diabetes. We evaluated the relationships between ABI or TBI and the degree of urinary albumin excretion or eGFR, as well as the major cardiovascular risk factors, in 390 patients with type 2 diabetes. Furthermore, we compared the area under the receiver-operator characteristic curve (AUC) of TBI or ABI for albuminuria or chronic kidney disease (CKD). Low-density lipoprotein cholesterol was negatively associated with ABI. Age and duration of diabetes were negatively associated with TBI, and diastolic blood pressure and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol were positively associated with TBI. Log (urinary albumin excretion) was associated more strongly with TBI (r=-0.265, P<0.0001) than with ABI (r=-0.132, P=0.0111), and eGFR was positively associated with TBI (r=0.195, P=0.0002) but not with ABI (r=0.023, P=0.6571). The AUCs of TBI for albuminuria (P=0.0002) and CKD (P=0.0322) were significantly greater than those of ABI. In conclusion, TBI is associated more strongly with albuminuria and eGFR than ABI in patients with type 2 diabetes. Our study suggests that TBI may be a more suitable tool for evaluating the association between PAD and diabetic nephropathy than ABI in patients with type 2 diabetes. FAU - Fukui, Michiaki
Assessing the prevalence, monitoring and management of chronic kidney disease in patients with diabetes compared with those without diabetes in general practice.; AIMS: To compare rates of chronic kidney disease (CKD) in patients with diabetes and management of risk factors compared with people without diabetes using general practice computer records, and to assess the utility of serum creatinine and albuminuria as markers of impaired renal function. METHODS: The simplified Modification of Diet in Renal Disease (MDRD) equation was used to estimate glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) and stage of CKD. Further data were extracted to assess how effectively impaired renal function was being identified and how well potentially modifiable risk factors were being managed. The setting was 17 practices in Surrey, Kent and Greater Manchester (2003-2004). Participants were all patients with serum creatinine (SCr) recorded. RESULTS: Of the total population of 162 113, 5072 were recorded as having a diagnosis of diabetes, giving a prevalence of 3.1%. Of patients with diabetes, 31% had clinically significant CKD (defined as eGFR < 60 ml/min per 1.73 m(2); CKD stages 3-5) compared with 6.9% of those without diabetes. Only 33% of patients with diabetes at CKD stage 3 had serum creatinine > 120 micromol/l. Of patients with diabetes with eGFR < 60 ml/min per 1.73 m(2), 63% had normoalbuminuria. Considering those with eGFR 30-60 ml/min per 1.73 m(2), 42% of people with diabetes were on an ACE inhibitor compared with 25% of those without diabetes; 32% of patients with diabetes who had any record of micro- or macroalbuminuria at CKD stage 3 were taking an ACE inhibitor. Of people with diabetes and hypertension (BP > 140/80 mmHg), 26% were not prescribed any hypertensive medication, regardless of level of CKD. CONCLUSIONS: CKD is common in people with diabetes living in the community in the UK. The study found a similar rate of stage 3-5 CKD to that found previously in the USA. Currently used measures of renal function fail to identify CKD as effectively as eGFR. Risk factors for CKD and its progression are suboptimally managed. FAU - New, J P
Office and ambulatory pulse pressure--association with clinical characteristics and cardiovascular risk factors in normoalbuminuric patients with type 2 diabetes (ROADMAP study).; To investigate the association of office and ambulatory 24-h pulse pressure (PP) with clinical characteristics and cardiovascular risk factors in normoalbuminuric type 2 diabetic patients enrolled to the Randomised Olmesartan and Diabetes Microalbuminuria Prevention study, 4449 patients (2054 male and 2395 female; mean age 57.7±8.7 years) with type 2 diabetes, normoalbuminuria and at least one additional cardiovascular risk factor were included into the analysis. After adjustment by age, there were significant correlations between office PP and presence of hypertension (r=0.24; P<0.001), presence of cardiac and vascular disorders (r=0.17; P<0.001), metabolic syndrome (r=0.10; P<0.001), duration of diabetes (r=0.09; P<0.001), fasting blood glucose (r=0.08; P<0.001), albumin/creatinine ratio (r=0.07; P<0.001), insulin treatment, glycosylated haemoglobin (HbA1c), male gender and current smoking. In the subgroup of 1234 patients with ambulatory blood pressure measurement performed, ambulatory PP adjusted for office PP correlated with fasting blood glucose (r=0.16; P<0.001), metabolic syndrome (r=0.14; P<0.001), albumin/creatinine ratio (r=0.11; P<0.001) and indices of glycemic control (HbA1c: r=0.11; P<0.001). In this group of normoalbuminuric type 2 diabetic patients, office and ambulatory PP were associated with duration of diabetes, indices of glycemic control and cardiovascular risk factors. There was relationship between office and ambulatory PP and albuminuria even within normal albuminuria range. FAU - Januszewicz, A
Evaluation of a rapid screening test for microalbuminuria with a spot measurement of urine albumin-creatinine ratio.; INTRODUCTION: Microalbuminuria has been established as a marker of incipient diabetic nephropathy, and a regular screening programme has been advocated in patients with diabetes mellitus. We investigated if urine albumin levels normalised by creatinine give results comparable to the urinary albumin excretion rate (UAER) with a timed 24-h urine for detecting microalbuminuria. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Morning urine specimens and 24-h collections were obtained from 65 diabetic patients. Albumin and creatinine levels in the spot urine specimens were measured in a single rapid (7 min) assay format using the Bayer DCA2000+ desktop system. Results of albumin/creatinine ratio and urine albumin concentration were then compared to the reference laboratory method of measuring UAER with the timed 24-h urine sample. RESULTS: The determination of the albumin/creatinine ratio gave good performance characteristics for diagnosis of microalbuminuria (defined as > 30 mg/g creatinine) with sensitivity of 71.4% and specificity of 98.0%. With urine albumin concentration alone, sensitivity was 64.3% and specificity was 96.1%. Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curves, however, suggest similar diagnostic usefulness for screening microalbuminuria with albumin levels expressed in concentration units or as a ratio of creatinine compared to the reference method. Analysis also indicated that lowering the established cut-off values in general, improves diagnostic performance. CONCLUSIONS: Measurement of microalbuminuria with a spot morning specimen using the DCA2000+ desktop system that simultaneously measures albumin and creatinine levels, provides a rapid and reliable method for incipient diabetic nephropathy in clinical practice. FAU - Ng, W Y
Value of renal resistive index as an early marker of diabetic nephropathy in children with type-1 diabetes mellitus.; Constant increase in the incidence of type-1 diabetes (T1-DM) has made it necessary to have new markers for the early detection of diabetic nephropathy (DN). One of the markers that could be helpful in detecting functional alterations in renal hemodynamics is assessment of the renal resistive index (RI) by using renal Doppler. We studied 25 patients with T1-DM (Group-A), which comprised of 15 females and 10 males, with a mean age of 10.8 ± 2.2 years and duration of diabetes of 5 ± 1.1 years. A control group (Group-B) comprising 20 healthy children, 12 females and eight males with mean age of 11.6 ± 2 years, was also studied. The following parameters were studied in the two groups: age, serum creatinine, albumin excretion rate (AER), glomerular filtration rate (GFR), glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) and mean renal RI of both kidneys. We found an increase in the mean RI in diabetic patients versus healthy children; the mean RI in Group-A was 0.64 ± 0.55 while it was 0.58 ± 0.0.28 in Group-B (P <0.000). This increase in RI had a positive correlation with duration of the disease, GFR and HbA1c levels, but there was no correlation with serum creatinine or AER. We conclude that RI is increased early in TI-DM, and it can be a predictor of DN. FAU - Youssef, Doaa Mohammed
Comparison of the usefulness of plasma levels of oxidatively modified forms of albumin in estimating kidney dysfunction in diabetic patients.; PURPOSE: Advanced oxidation protein products (AOPP) and ischemia-modified albumin (IMA) are forms of oxidatidatively modified albumin and have recently been investigated as indicators of oxidative stress. They are increased in different disorders, including diabetes mellitus, as a result of hyperglycaemia, oxidative stress and hypoxia. The usefulness of the plasma levels of these two parameters in estimating kidney dysfunction in type 2 diabetic patients (T2DM) was compared in this study. METHODS: Plasma levels of AOPP and IMA were determined spectrophotometrically in 218 individuals, 153 patients with T2DM and 65 healthy people.. The urinary albumin/creatinine ratio (UACR) was used as the reference to define the stage of kidney dysfunction by the assessment of the degree of albuminuria. RESULTS: Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC) curve analysis, likelihood ratio (LR), and Youden's index (J) revealed that AOPP and IMA had acceptable sensitivities and specificities in individuals with different degrees of albuminuria; however, AOPP had higher values of the area under the curve (AUC: 0.934) than IMA, as well as 100% sensitivity and 77.01% specificity for distinguishing patients with micro- and macroalbuminuria. CONCLUSIONS: Both AOPP and IMA may be helpful clinical markers for estimating kidney dysfunction, but AOPP is better able to identify diabetic patients with nephropathy. We suggest that AOPP is almost ideal for discriminating between T2DM patients with micro- and macroalbuminuria. FAU - Piwowar, Agnieszka
Proteinuria is still useful for the screening and diagnosis of overt diabetic nephropathy.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the performance of urinary total protein measurements in timed 24-h urine collection (24-h UP) and in a diurnal random urine specimen (RUS) for the screening and diagnosis of overt diabetic nephropathy. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: A total of 167 diabetic patients (20 type 1 and 147 type 2 diabetic patients; 78 women and 89 men), aged 20-84 years, collected 217 timed 24-h urine specimens. Albumin was measured by immunoturbidimetry, total protein by sulfosalicylic acid technique, and creatinine by Jaffe's method. According to the timed 24-h urinary albumin excretion rate (UAER), samples were divided into three groups: normoalbuminuric (NORMO) (UAER < 20 micrograms/min; n = 84), microalbuminuric (MICRO) (UAER 20-200 micrograms/min; n = 78), and macroalbuminuric (MACRO) (UAER > or = 200 micrograms/min; n = 55). Eighty-six patients also collected 105 RUSs (NORMO, n = 47; MICRO, n = 37; MACRO, n = 21), and urinary protein concentration (UPC) and urinary protein-to-creatinine ratio (UPCR) were measured. The receiver operating characteristics (ROC) curve approach was used to analyze the performance of the diagnostic tests. RESULTS: Spearman's coefficient of correlation of 24-h UAER versus 24-h UP was 0.95 (P < 0.001), and of 24-h UAER versus UPC and UPCR were 0.77 and 0.72, respectively (P < 0.001). The calculated areas (+/- SEM) under the ROC curve for the diagnosis of over diabetic nephropathy were 0.9987 +/- 0.001 for 24-h UP, 0.9926 +/- 0.006 for UPC, and 0.9751 +/- 0.014 for UPCR. In the ROC curves, the first points with 100% sensitivity were 541 mg (95.7% specificity) for 24-h UP, 431 mg/l (92.9% specificity) for UPC, and 0.2 (76.2% specificity) for UPCR. CONCLUSIONS: Measurements of proteinuria presented almost perfect accuracy for the screening and diagnosis of overt diabetic nephropathy. Protein measurement in spot urine is a reliable and simple method for the screening and diagnosis of overt diabetic nephropathy. FAU - Zelmanovitz, T
The comparison of cystatin C and creatinine as an accurate serum marker in the prediction of type 2 diabetic nephropathy.; In a clinic-based, cross-sectional study of 320 type 2 diabetic patients, we staged the level of diabetic nephropathy (normoalbuminuric, microalbuminuric and macroalbuminuric stage) and estimated GFR based on serum creatinine and cystatin C (CysC). Serum creatinine and CysC levels were 0.91+/-0.21 mg/dL and 0.87+/-0.26 mg/L, respectively. Correlation coefficients between CysC-GFR and each of the creatinine-based GFR measurements (MDRD-GFR, Cockcroft-Gault-GFR, and CLcr) were 0.589, 0.569, and 0.479 (p<0.001). Serum CysC was significantly lower in normoalbuminurics (0.83+/-0.22) than in microalbuminurics and macroalbuminurics (0.94+/-0.33 and 1.05+/-0.28; p=0.004 and p<0.001). Of the estimations of GFR, significant differences among the groups were found on CysC-GFR and CLcr. CysC-GFR (mL/min) was statistically lower in macroalbuminurics (79.5+/-30.5) than in normoalbuminurics (104.3+/-30.9, p=0.01). The logistic regression analyses showed that retinopathy, A1C, CysC, diabetic duration, and CysC-GFR were indicators to predict the development of microalbuminuria. Serum CysC seems to be more accurate serum marker than serum creatinine in evaluating a prognostic stage of type 2 diabetic nephropathy. Our study suggests that, in Korean type 2 diabetic patients, CysC-based GFR might be more valuable than creatinine-based GFR in the prediction of the microalbuminuric stage. FAU - Lee, Byung-Wan
The receiver operating characteristics curve in the evaluation of a random urine specimen as a screening test for diabetic nephropathy.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the performance of measurements of urinary albumin concentration (UAC) and urinary albumin:creatinine ratio (UACR) in a diurnal random urine specimen (RUS) for the screening of diabetic nephropathy. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: A total of 95 ambulatory NIDDM patients (49 women, ages 40-75 years) collected 123 RUSs during the morning after completing a timed 24-h urine collection. Albumin was measured by immunoturbidimetry. According to timed urinary albumin excretion rate (UAER) measured in the 24-h collection (criterion standard), samples were classified as normoalbuminuric (UAER < 20 micrograms/min; n = 54), microalbuminuric (UAER 20-200 micrograms/min; n = 44), and macroalbuminuric (UAER > 200 micrograms/min; n = 25). The receiver operating characteristics (ROC) curve approach was used. The ROC curves of UAC and UACR in RUS for screening of microalbuminuria (normo- and microalbuminuric samples; n = 98) and macroalbuminuria (micro- and macroalbuminuric samples; n = 69) were plotted. RESULTS: Spearman's coefficients of correlation of 24-h UAER vs. UAC and UACR were 0.91 and 0.92, respectively (P < 0.001). The calculated areas (+/- SE) under the ROC curves to screen microalbuminuria for UAC (0.9766 +/- 0.015) and UACR (0.9689 +/- 0.014) were similar (P > 0.05) as were the corresponding areas for macroalbuminuria (0.9868 +/- 0.0094 and 0.9614 +/- 0.0241, respectively; P > 0.05). The first point with 100% sensitivity and the point of intersection with a 100%-to-100% diagonal for microalbuminuria were as follows: 16.9 and 33.6 mg/l for UAC and 15.0 and 26.8 mg/g for UACR; for macroalbuminuria 174.0 and 296.2 mg/l for UAC and 116.0 and 334.3 mg/g for UACR, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Albumin measurements (UAC and UACR) in an RUS presented almost perfect accuracy for the screening of micro- and macroalbuminuria and UAC measured in an RUS is simpler and less expensive than UACR and UAER. It is suggested as a valid test for use in screening for diabetic nephropathy. FAU - Zelmanovitz, T
Prevalence of increased albumin excretion rate in young saudi adults.; INTRODUCTION: Albuminuria is an important risk predictor of chronic kidney disease and cardiovascular disease. In this study, we aim to evaluate the prevalence of increased urinary albumin excretion (UAE) rate amongst a subgroup of young Saudi army/navy recruits. METHODS: 2,000 Saudi military recruits were tested for microalbuminuria by dipstick and 24-hour urine collection for quantitative evaluation. RESULTS: In the whole group studied, the rate of microalbuminuria-positive dipstick testing was 10.3% (n = 206), but decreased on quantitative evaluation of 24-hour urine collection to 6.2% (n = 124). Increased UAE was independently associated with diabetes mellitus (DM), hypertension (HT), obesity, male gender and hypercholesterolemia. 55 of the 124 (44.4%) were diabetics while 14 (11.3%) were hypertensives. Around 21% of individuals with albuminuria were obese; body mass index for the whole group with albuminuria = 31.15 +/- 5.8 kg/m(2) and showed no gender difference. Increased risk of albuminuria was noted with DM (OR = 5.07 [3.5-7.4], p < 0.0001), obesity (OR = 1.59 [1.0-2.5], p = 0.042) and HT (OR = 1.8 [1.0-3.2], p = 0.046). An estimated glomerular filtration rate of approximately 77 ml/min/1.73 m(2) was present in the whole group with a significantly lower level in macroalbuminuric subjects compared to those with microalbuminuria (p = 0.03). Also, age was higher in the macroalbuminuric group (p = 0.004) with comparable prevalence of DM (47.4 vs. 45.2%, p = NS). CONCLUSIONS: This is the first description of increased UAE in a small percentage of young adult Arab subjects from Saudi Arabia detected through a selective screening process carried out on potential army recruits. It highlights the association of albuminuria in the general population with predisposing conditions such as DM, HT and obesity.
Serum triglycerides are a predictive factor for the development and the progression of renal and retinal complications in patients with type 1 diabetes.; OBJECTIVES: It is controversial that serum lipIds affect the development and progression of microvascular complications in patients with type 1 diabetes. METHODS: We prospectively followed 297 patients with type 1 diabetes without end-stage renal disease for 7 Years (range: 2-10). Serum lipIds were measured at baseline (total and HDL-cholesterol, triglycerIdes and calculated LDL-cholesterol, Lipoprotein (a)). The primary end-point was the occurrence of a renal event and the secondary end-point was the occurrence of a retinal event, defined as the progression to a higher stage of diabetic nephropathy or retinopathy, respectively. RESULTS: Serum triglycerIde (TG) levels were higher in patients who progressed in nephropathy than in those who dId not [median 1.21 (range 0.41-2.96) vs 0.91 (0.31-11.07) mmol/l; p=0.0037] and in those who developed retinal events than in those who dId not [1.05 (0.46-8.27) vs 0.87 mmol/l (0.31-11.07); p=0.0302], both in the whole cohort and in patients with normoalbuminuria at baseline. After adjustment for systolic blood pressure (SBP), diabetes duration, gender, stage of complications at baseline and glycohemoglobin (HbA1c), the relative risk for progression was 2.01 (95% CI: 1.07-3.77) for nephropathy and 2.30 (95% CI: 1.03-5.12) for retinopathy for patients having serum TG in the highest tertile, compared to the others. This result persisted when only patients with normoalbuminuria were consIdered. CONCLUSION: High triglycerIde levels are an independent predictive factor of both renal and retinal complications in patients with type 1 diabetes. FAU - Hadjadj, S
'Microalbuminuria' and diabetes: a critique--assessment of urinary albumin excretion and its role in screening for diabetic nephropathy.; Abnormal albumin excretion in the range not previously detectable by routine clinical methods can now be readily quantified, and has been shown to predict the development of clinically significant nephropathy in insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) and to predict excess mortality in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Albuminuria of this degree has been inappropriately called "microalbuminuria," a misleading term which should be abandoned. In IDDM, persistent minimal elevation of albumin excretion predicts the development of more severe proteinuria and clinical diabetic nephropathy, which frequently progresses to renal failure. In NIDDM, the predictive value for renal failure remains to be established, but excess mortality occurs in those with abnormal albumin excretion, suggesting that it is an indicator of generalized vascular disease. However, the normal range of albumin excretion in older subjects is not well established. The relationship of glomerular injury to mildly elevated albumin excretion is uncertain. Several means of reducing the excretion rate have been described, but whether these can halt or prevent progression of glomerular injury is unknown. Thus, at the present time detection of mildly elevated albumin excretion and intervention to reduce the incidence of diabetic nephropathy or other diabetes-related complications fail to meet generally accepted criteria for prescriptive screening. However, such measurements of albumin excretion provide an important tool for research into the natural history and pathogenesis of diabetic nephropathy. FAU - Bennett, P H
A1C variability predicts incident cardiovascular events, microalbuminuria, and overt diabetic nephropathy in patients with type 1 diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: Recent data from the Diabetes Control and Complications Trial (DCCT) indicated that A1C variability is associated with the risk of diabetes microvascular complications. However, these results might have been influenced by the interventional study design. Therefore, we investigated the longitudinal associations between A1C variability and diabetes complications in patients with type 1 diabetes in the observational Finnish Diabetic Nephropathy (FinnDiane) Study. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: A total of 2,107 patients in the FinnDiane Study had complete data on renal status and serial measurements of A1C from baseline to follow-up (median 5.7 years), and 1,845 patients had similar data on cardiovascular disease (CVD) events. Intrapersonal SD of serially measured A1C was considered a measure of variability. RESULTS: During follow-up, 10.2% progressed to a higher albuminuria level or to end-stage renal disease, whereas 8.6% had a CVD event. The SD of serial A1C was 1.01 versus 0.75 (P < 0.001) for renal status and 0.87 versus 0.79 (P = 0.023) for CVD in progressors versus nonprogressors, respectively. In a Cox regression model, SD of serial A1C was independently associated with progression of renal disease (hazard ratio 1.92 [95% CI 1.49-2.47]) and of a CVD event (1.98 [1.39-2.82]) even when adjusting for mean A1C and traditional risk factors. Interestingly for CVD, mean serial A1C itself was not predictive even though SD of A1C was. CONCLUSIONS: In patients with type 1 diabetes, A1C variability was not only predictive of incident microalbuminuria and progression of renal disease but also of incident CVD events. FAU - Wadén, Johan
Detection of microalbuminuria. Receiver operating characteristic curve analysis favors albumin-to-creatinine ratio over albumin concentration.; OBJECTIVE: To compare albumin-to-creatinine ratio (ACR) and albumin concentration (ALB) for detection of microalbuminuria using precise data on CIs for sensitivity and specificity and to determine sex- and age-specific discriminator values for ACR. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: All consecutive patients investigated for the presence of microalbuminuria with timed overnight urine collection were included in the study. Results from 1.171 men and 1,223 women were eligible for evaluation. Albumin excretion rate (the reference procedure), ALB, and ACR were compared by receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve analysis. Age- and sex-specific discriminator values were established. Sensitivity and specificity were determined, and their CIs were compared with those calculated from data presented in the literature. RESULTS: Sensitivity and specificity were 89% (range, 85-92) and 90% (88-92), respectively, for women, and 90% (87-93) and 89% (86-91), respectively, for men, at a discriminator value of 15 mg/l for the ALB. This discriminator value did not show any relationship to sex or age. For the ACR, which depends on sex, the sensitivity and specificity were 94% (92-96) and 92% (91-94), respectively, at 2.5 g/mol for women and 94% (92-97) and 93% (91-95), respectively, at 1.8 g/mol for men. The discriminator value for the ACR appears to depend on age in both men and women. CONCLUSIONS: ROC curve analysis clearly shows that the ACR performs better than the ALB in screening for microalbuminuria. However, in contrast to the ALB, the ACR needs sex- and age-specific discriminator values. FAU - Bakker, A J
Cystatin C as an early biomarker of nephropathy in patients with type 2 diabetes.; This study was done to evaluate clinical usefulness of cystatin C levels of serum and urine in predicting renal impairment in normoalbuminuric patients with type 2 diabetes and to evaluate the association between albuminuria and serum/urine cystatin C. Type 2 diabetic patients (n = 332) with normoalbuminuria (n = 210), microalbuminuria (n = 83) and macroalbuminuria (n = 42) were enrolled. Creatinine, urinary albumin levels, serum/urine cystatin C and estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR by MDRD [Modification of Diet in Renal Disease] and CKD-EPI [Chronic Kidney Disease Epidemiology Collaboration] equations) were determined. The cystatin C levels of serum and urine increased with increasing degree of albuminuria, reaching higher levels in macroalbuminuric patients (P < 0.001). In multiple regression analysis, serum cystatin C was affected by C-reactive protein (CRP), sex, albumin-creatinine ratio (ACR) and eGFR. Urine cystatin C was affected by triglyceride, age, eGFR and ACR. In multivariate logistic analysis, cystatin C levels of serum and urine were identified as independent factors associated with eGFR < 60 mL/min/1.73 m(2) estimated by MDRD equation in patients with normoalbuminuria. On the other hand, eGFR < 60 mL/min/1.73 m(2) estimated by CKD-EPI equation was independently associated with low level of high-density lipoprotein in normoalbuminuric patients. The cystatin C levels of serum and urine could be useful markers for renal dysfunction in type 2 diabetic patients with normoalbuminuria. FAU - Jeon, Yun Kyung
Microalbuminuria in diabetes mellitus: efficacy of a new screening method in comparison with timed overnight urine collection.; Diabetic nephropathy and end-stage renal failure are still a major cause of mortality amongst patients with diabetes mellitus (DM). In this study, we evaluated the Clinitek-Microalbumin (CM) screening test strip for the detection of microalbuminuria (MA) in a random morning spot urine in comparison with the quantitative assessment of albuminuria in the timed overnight urine collection ("gold standard"). One hundred thirty-four children, adolescents, and young adults with insulin-dependent DM Type 1 were studied at 222 outpatient visits. Because of urinary tract infection and/or haematuria, the data of 13 visits were excluded. Finally, 165 timed overnight urine were collected in the remaining 209 visits (79% sample per visit rate). Ten (6.1%) patients presented MA of > or =15 microg/min. In comparison however, 200 spot urine could be screened (96% sample/visit rate) yielding a significant increase in compliance and screening rate (P<.001, McNemar test). Furthermore, at 156 occasions, the gold standard and CM could be directly compared. The sensitivity and the specificity for CM in the spot urine (cut-off > or =30 mg albumin/l) were 0.89 [95% confidence interval (CI) 0.56-0.99] and 0.73 (CI 0.66-0.80), respectively. The positive and negative predictive value were 0.17 (CI 0.08-0.30) and 0.99 (CI 0.95-1.00), respectively. Considering CM albumin-to-creatinine ratio, the results were poorer than with the albumin concentration alone. Using CM instead of quantitative assessment of albuminuria is not cost-effective (35 US dollars versus 60 US dollars/patient/year). In conclusion, to exclude MA, the CM used in the random spot urine is reliable and easy to handle, but positive screening results of > or =30 mg albumin/l must be confirmed by analyses in the timed overnight collected urine. Although the screening compliance is improved, in terms of analysing random morning spot urine for MA, we cannot recommend CM in a paediatric diabetic outpatient setting because the specificity is far too low. FAU - Meinhardt, U
Predictive power of sequential measures of albuminuria for progression to ESRD or death in Pima Indians with type 2 diabetes.; BACKGROUND: To determine whether historic albuminuria measurements provide additional predictive value for diabetic end-stage renal disease (ESRD) and natural mortality over the most recent measurement, ie, whether "regression" from high albuminuria has a different prognosis than stability at the lower level. STUDY DESIGN: Observational longitudinal study. SETTING & PARTICIPANTS: Pima Indians 15 years or older with type 2 diabetes and at least 2 consecutive measurements of urinary albumin-creatinine ratio (ACR) within 6 years. PREDICTORS: Sequential measurements of urinary ACR. OUTCOMES & MEASUREMENTS: Proportional hazards analyses were used to estimate the risk of ESRD and natural death associated with the first and second ACR measurement. The ability of these highly correlated variables to predict outcome was compared with receiver operating characteristic curves calculated by means of the generalized c statistic. RESULTS: In 983 subjects, 136 developed ESRD and 180 died of natural causes during a maximum follow-up of 12.6 years. Each doubling in the second ACR was associated with a 1.71-fold greater incidence of ESRD (95% confidence interval, 1.54 to 1.89) and 1.16-fold greater natural mortality (95% confidence interval, 1.07 to 1.27) adjusted for age, sex, diabetes duration, and antihypertensive medication. The addition of the first ACR measurement to the model did not add to the predictive value for ESRD or mortality. In pairwise comparisons of c statistics, the second ACR was a significantly better predictor of ESRD than the first ACR. LIMITATIONS: The predictive value of ACR measurements is decreased to the extent that its precision is based on a single measure. CONCLUSION: The predictive power of the latest ACR for ESRD and natural mortality in patients with diabetes is not enhanced by knowledge of the preceding ACR. Therefore, ACR changes over time, ie, regression or progression, add minimal predictive value beyond the latest measurement in the series. FAU - Pavkov, Meda E
Cystatin C as a marker for detection of early renal failure in diabetes type 2 patients.; The epidemiological studies have show dramatic increase and prevalence of end stage renal disease in patients with type 2 diabetes therefore early markers of diabetic nephropathy need to be identified (1). During the treatment of patients at the Clinic of endocrinology, diabetes mellitus and metabolic diseases in Sarajevo, we observed a necessity of application of new markers in assessment of early renal failure. Serum cystatin C level is another marker of renal function. Cystatin C is freely filtered at the level of the glomerulus and virtually all is re-absorbed and metabolized by the proximal tubular cells. Serum cystatin C is a screening test and an early indicator and predictor of the development of renal failure. AIM OF THE STUDY: To estimate correlation among cystatin C, serum creatinine and albuminuria in diabetes type 2 patients for assessment of early renal failure. Serum cystatin C as a screening test has to be considered in the treatment of diabetes type 2 patients for assessment of early renal failure. FAU - Ascić-Buturović, Belma
Metabolic profiling reveals new serum biomarkers for differentiating diabetic nephropathy.; Capillary electrophoresis coupled with time-of-flight mass spectrometry was used to explore new serum biomarkers with high sensitivity and specificity for diabetic nephropathy (DN) diagnosis, through comprehensive analysis of serum metabolites with 78 diabetic patients. Multivariate analyses were used for identification of marker candidates and development of discriminative models. Of the 289 profiled metabolites, orthogonal partial least-squares discriminant analysis identified 19 metabolites that could distinguish between DN with macroalbuminuria and diabetic patients without albuminuria. These identified metabolites included creatinine, aspartic acid, γ-butyrobetaine, citrulline, symmetric dimethylarginine (SDMA), kynurenine, azelaic acid, and galactaric acid. Significant correlations between all these metabolites and urinary albumin-to-creatinine ratios (p < 0.009, Spearman's rank test) were observed. When five metabolites (including γ-butyrobetaine, SDMA, azelaic acid and two unknowns) were selected from 19 metabolites and applied for multiple logistic regression model, AUC value for diagnosing DN was 0.927 using the whole dataset, and 0.880 in a cross-validation test. In addition, when four known metabolites (aspartic acid, SDMA, azelaic acid and galactaric acid) were applied, the resulting AUC was still high at 0.844 with the whole dataset and 0.792 with cross-validation. Combination of serum metabolomics with multivariate analyses enabled accurate discrimination of DN patients. The results suggest that capillary electrophoresis-mass spectrometry based metabolome analysis could be used for DN diagnosis. FAU - Hirayama, Akiyoshi
Proteomic identification of urinary biomarkers of diabetic nephropathy.; OBJECTIVE: Diabetic nephropathy is a serious complication of both type 1 and type 2 diabetes, and, unless arrested, leads to end-stage renal disease. Current diagnosis consists of urine assays of microalbuminuria, which have inadequate specificity and sensitivity. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We used proteomic analyses to identify novel biomarkers of nephropathy in urine from type 2 diabetic patients with demonstrated normo-, micro-, or macroalbuminuria. Samples were analyzed by fluorescence two-dimensional (2-D) differential in-gel electrophoresis (DIGE), and protein identification was performed by liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry. RESULTS: 2-D DIGE analysis of the urinary proteome in diabetes with nephropathy identified 195 protein spots representing 62 unique proteins. These proteins belonged to several functional groups, i.e., cell development, cell organization, defense response, metabolism, and signal transduction. Comparisons between control and diabetic subjects with different stages of renal dysfunction revealed the differential expression of several proteins. Spot volume quantification identified 7 proteins that were progressively upregulated with increasing albuminuria and 4 proteins that exhibited progressive downregulation. The majority of these potential candidate biomarkers were glycoproteins. CONCLUSIONS: These data demonstrate the ability of proteomic analyses to reveal potential biomarkers for diabetic nephropathy in urine, an important step forward in advancing accurate diagnosis and our understanding of disease mechanisms. FAU - Rao, Paturi V
Cystatin C and cystatin glomerular filtration rate as markers of early renal disease in Asian Indian subjects with glucose intolerance (CURES-32).; BACKGROUND: The aim of this study was to assess cystatin C (cys-C) as a marker of early diabetic nephropathy and cystatin glomerular filtration rate (cys-GFR) in Asian Indians. METHODS: Five groups of subjects were studied: Group 1, normal glucose tolerance (NGT) and normoalbuminuria (n = 43); group 2, impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) and normoalbuminuria (n = 44); group 3, type 2 diabetes (T2DM) with neither microalbuminuria nor retinopathy (n = 40); group 4, T2DM with microalbuminuria but without diabetic retinopathy (n = 40); and group 5, T2DM with microalbuminuria and any degree of diabetic retinopathy (DR) (n = 42). Subjects were recruited from the Chennai Urban Rural Epidemiology Study (CURES). Microalbumin concentration was assessed in the urine sample by immunoturbidometric assay. cys-C concentrations were measured in serum by a high-sensitivity particle-enhancing nephlometric assay. cys-GFR was calculated by the formula (86.7/cys-C) - 4.2. RESULTS: cys-C levels were highest in group 5 (1.75 +/- 0.12 mg/L) followed by group 4 (1.30 +/- 0.08 mg/L), group 3 (0.98 +/- 0.04 mg/L), group 2 (0.89 +/- 0.03 mg/L), and group 1 (0.79 +/- 0.18 mg/L, P < 0.001). cys-GFR levels were in reverse order going from highest in group 1, followed by groups 2, 3, 4, and 5. cys-C levels were correlated with age, fasting plasma glucose, glycosylated hemoglobin, microalbuminuria, and serum cholesterol. CONCLUSIONS: cys-C levels increase and cys-GFR levels decrease with increasing severity of glucose intolerance and are highest and lowest, respectively, in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) subjects with microalbuminuria and retinopathy. In T2DM subjects, cys-C and cys-GFR appear to be useful markers of early renal damage. FAU - Surendar, J
The advanced glycation end product N(epsilon)-carboxymethyllysine is not a predictor of cardiovascular events and renal outcomes in patients with type 2 diabetic kidney disease and hypertension.; BACKGROUND: Advanced glycation end products (AGEs) are implicated in the pathogenesis of vascular damage, especially in patients with diabetes and renal insufficiency. The oxidatively formed AGE N(epsilon)-carboxymethyllysine (CML) is thought to be a marker of oxidative stress. METHODS: Four hundred fifty patients with type 2 diabetes and nephropathy from the Irbesartan in Diabetic Nephropathy Trial cohort (mean age, 58 +/- 8.2 years; 137 women, 313 men) with a mean glomerular filtration rate of 48.2 mL/min (0.80 mL/s; Modification of Diet in Renal Disease formula) were followed up for 2.6 years. Serum CML was measured by using an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. Relationships between CML levels, traditional risk factors, and cardiovascular and renal events were tested in Cox proportional hazards models. RESULTS: Mean serum CML level was 599.9 +/- 276.0 ng/mL, and mean hemoglobin A1c level was 7.5% +/- 1.6%. One hundred forty-three first cardiovascular events occurred during follow-up; 74 patients died, 44 of cardiovascular causes. Final multivariate analysis showed age (relative risk [RR], 1.87; confidence interval [CI], 1.13 to 3.11; P = 0.016 for the highest compared with lowest quartile), history of prior cardiovascular events (RR, 1.96; CI, 1.35 to 2.85; P < 0.0005), and 24-hour urinary albumin-creatinine ratio (RR, 1.29; CI, 1.11 to 1.50 per doubling; P < 0.0005) to be independent risk factors for a first cardiovascular event, but not CML level. CML level also did not correlate significantly with renal outcome. CONCLUSION: Serum CML level could not be identified as an independent risk factor for cardiovascular or renal outcomes in the examined population. This suggests that traditional risk factors might have a more important role for these end points or that other AGE compounds, as well as tissue AGE levels, might be of greater relevance compared with serum levels, which remains open to further study. FAU - Busch, Martin
Urinary excretions of lipocalin-type prostaglandin D synthase predict renal injury in type-2 diabetes: a cross-sectional and prospective multicentre study.; BACKGROUND: Urinary excretions of lipocalin-type prostaglandin D synthase/beta-trace (L-PGDS) probably reflect the increased permeability of injured glomerular capillary walls of the kidney. We tested the hypothesis in cross-sectional and prospective studies that urinary L-PGDS excretions predict renal injury in type-2 diabetes. METHODS: (1) In the cross-sectional studies, we evaluated whether urinary L-PGDS excretions were able to predict renal diseases in a pooled population including 793 healthy subjects and 200 patients with various forms of renal diseases. (2) We determined the cut-off point of urinary L-PGDS excretions to predict >or=30 mg/gCr albuminuria in 666 patients with type-2 diabetes. (3) In the prospective study, 121 type-2 diabetic patients with <30 mg/gCr albuminuria were followed for almost 2 years to examine whether urinary L-PGDS excretions predict the future status of renal injury in type-2 diabetes. RESULTS: (1) In the cross-sectional studies, receiver operating characteristic analysis revealed that urinary L-PGDS excretions better predicted the patients with kidney diseases than the other markers of renal injury. (2) It was also demonstrated that >or=4.2 mg/gCr urinary L-PGDS excretions better predicted >or=30 mg/gCr albuminuria in type-2 diabetic patients than other markers. (3) The prospective study revealed that in type-2 diabetic patients with <30 mg/ gCr albuminuria, the patients with >or=4.2 mg/gCr urinary L-PGDS excretions more likely exhibited the renal injury during the follow-up periods than those with <4.2 mg/gCr urinary L-PGDS excretions. CONCLUSIONS: Urinary L-PGDS excretions reflect the current increased permeability of injured glomerular capillary walls and better predict the future status of renal injury in type-2 diabetes with <30 mg/gCr albuminuria. FAU - Uehara, Yoshio
Screening for microalbuminuria. A comparison of single sample methods of collection and techniques of albumin analysis.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate single-sample urine collections to determine their ability to screen patients for the presence of microalbuminuria. Microalbuminuria in patients with type I diabetes predicts the development of diabetic renal disease. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Cross-sectional analysis of single-sample urine collection techniques (first morning void, random upright void) and methods of albumin analysis (RIA, reagent tablet) were compared with conventional 24-h urine collections (RIA). The study included 94 patients (45 males, 49 females; mean serum creatinine 88 microM) with type I diabetes, selected from a screened population of 301 patients from the University Hospital Subspecialty Clinics. RESULTS: A 24-hour urine collection RIA analysis for albumin revealed 36 normal patients (< 30 mg), 27 with microalbuminuria (30-300 mg), and 31 with albuminuria (> 300 mg). Random upright urine samples were more sensitive (RIA 89%, tablets 78%) for the detection of microalbuminuria than first morning void specimens (RIA 70%, tablets 60%). Specificity was > 80% with both random and first morning voids. CONCLUSIONS: Screening for microalbuminuria can be performed in the clinic by random upright single-sample urine collections. When reagent tablets were used, these results are available immediately. Patients who screen positive should be confirmed by 24-h or other timed urine collections. FAU - Schwab, S J
Comparison of the MDRD and the CKD-EPI equations to estimate the glomerular filtration rate in the general population.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: The Chronic Kidney Disease Epidemiology Collaboration (CDK-EPI) equation has been proposed as a replacement for the Modification of Diet in Renal Disease (MDRD) equation to estimate the glomerular filtration rate, but this equation has not yet been evaluated in the general population. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Cross-sectional analysis of a random sample of 858 participants from the general population aged 50-75 years without known kidney disease. The prevalence of low eGFR (< 60 mL/min/1.73 m(2)) was assessed with the MDRD and the CKD-EPI equations in the overall sample and in normoalbuminuric individuals. RESULTS: With the MDRD equation the median eGFRs (interquartile range) in men/women were 63.3(12.2)/56.7(9.4)mL/min/1.73 m(2), and with the CKD-EPI equation 66.6(14.2)/61.3(11.6) mL/min/1.73 m(2). The prevalence of low eGFR in men/women was 35.2%/68.5% and 25.1%/45.7% with the MDRD and the CKD-EPI equations, respectively. Normoalbuminuric women without risk factors for CKD experienced the most pronounced reduction in the number of cases with low eGFR with the CKD-EPI equation. The prevalence of renal impairment in this subgroup still remained even greater than that in men with diabetes, hypertension, or cardiovascular disease. CONCLUSIONS: Compared with the MDRD, the CKD-EPI equation generates a substantial reduction in the prevalence of renal impairment in subjects with diabetes, hypertension, cardiovascular disease, and in subjects without risk factors. The prevalence of renal impairment in normoalbuminuric females may be still overestimated with the CKD-EPI equation.
Visit-to-visit variability in systolic blood pressure is correlated with diabetic nephropathy and atherosclerosis in patients with type 2 diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: Recent studies make remarks on the effect of variability in systolic blood pressure (SBP) on the development of cardiovascular disease. The aim of this study was to investigate the relationship between the variability in SBP and the degree of diabetic nephropathy and atherosclerosis in patients with type 2 diabetes. METHODS: We measured SBP in 422 consecutive patients with type 2 diabetes at every visit during a year, and we calculated the coefficient of variation (CV) of SBP. Then, we evaluated relationships of variability of SBP to degree of urinary albumin excretion (UAE), which is a useful marker for cardiovascular disease as well as diabetic nephropathy, ankle-brachial index (ABI) and pulse wave velocity (PWV). RESULTS: CV of SBP positively correlated with logUAE (r=0.210, P<0.0001) or PWV (r=0.409, P<0.0001), whereas CV of SBP inversely correlated with ABI (r=-0.098, P=0.0463). Multiple regression analysis demonstrated that CV of SBP independently correlated with logUAE (β=0.149, P=0.0072), PWV (β=0.337, P<0.0001) or ABI (β=-0.162, P=0.0101). CONCLUSIONS: Not only average SBP but also variability in SBP is correlated with diabetic nephropathy and atherosclerosis in patients with type 2 diabetes.
The predictive value of microalbuminuria.; An elevated urinary albumin excretion (termed microalbuminuria) has been proposed as a predictor for later development of clinical diabetic nephropathy (hypertension, falling glomerular filtration rate [GFR], and urinary albumin excretion greater than 300 mg/24 h). However, review of the original reports on the predictability of microalbuminuria revealed a concomitant presence of elevated BP and a propensity to falling GFR. Thus, the predictability of microalbuminuria rests on the added evaluation of BP and GFR. Additional investigation is needed to address the possibility that microalbuminuria and either a rising BP or a falling GFR or both indicates established diabetic nephropathy rather than predicting its development. FAU - Steffes, M W
Electrophoretic analysis of urinary proteins in diabetic adolescents.; Pathological changes in the urine sodium dodecyl sulphate gel electrophoresis (SDS PAGE) patterns often precede the occurrence of any sign of renal involvement in diabetes. However, data concerning the most frequent SDS PAGE pattern of the urine in early stages of type I diabetes mellitus are controversial. In the present study an SDS PAGE technique has been used that provides an adequate sensitivity for the detection of the abnormal pattern. Urinary proteins have been analyzed by SDS PAGE in twenty two diabetic adolescents and twenty four age matched controls. Albumin concentration, and N acetyl-beta-D-glucosaminidase (NAG) activity were also measured in the same samples. There was no significant difference in urine albumin concentration and NAG activity between diabetic children and controls. However twelve patients showed an electrophoretic pattern characteristic for glomerulopathy, two had a pattern indicating tubular dysfunction and another two patients had a mixed pattern. Among the twenty four controls only three showed abnormal electrophoretic patterns. The results support the view that early stages of diabetic nephropathy may involve both glomerular and tubular dysfunction. However the exact clinical and prognostic significance of the information provided by SDS PAGE analysis remains to be elucidated.
Comparison of overnight, morning and 24-hour urine collections in the assessment of diabetic microalbuminuria.; With the aim of comparing different urine collection periods in the assessment of micro-albuminuria, urinary albumin excretion rates (AERs) were measured in samples from 24 h, overnight, and morning urine collections in 54 patients aged 17 to 62 years with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus with a mean duration of 15 years. The AER in overnight urine was found to be reduced by 25% compared to the rate in 24 h and morning urine. Assessing the ability to predict a 24 h AER within the microalbuminuric range (20-200 micrograms/min) we found a sensitivity of 90% and a specificity of 88% for both overnight and morning urine samples. These values were slightly improved by relating AER to the excretion of creatinine and it is concluded that overnight as well as morning urine collections can be used when diagnosing microalbuminuria in insulin-dependent diabetics. Furthermore the results show that the albumin to creatinine ratio in morning urine is a reliable estimate of 24 h AER and better than measurement of the albumin concentration alone. FAU - Eshøj, O
Assessment of risk of overt nephropathy in diabetic patients from albumin excretion in untimed urine specimens.; The ability of an albumin-to-creatinine ratio, measured in a single untimed urine specimen, to indicate the likelihood of developing overt diabetic nephropathy was determined in 439 Pima Indians (134 men, 305 women) aged 25 years or older with non-insulin-dependent diabetes. During a mean follow-up period of 4.2 years, 59 (13%) of the subjects developed overt nephropathy, 47 (80%) of whom had albumin-to-creatinine ratios of 30 mg/g or greater at baseline. Subjects with albumin-to-creatinine ratios of 30 to 299 mg/g (a level of excretion often termed "microalbuminuria") had 9.2 times (95% confidence interval, 4.4 to 21.4) the incidence of overt nephropathy of those with ratios of less than 30 mg/g. Furthermore, the albumin-to-creatinine ratio remained a strong predictor of overt nephropathy even when controlled for age, sex, diabetes duration, mean blood pressure, and 2-hour postload plasma glucose concentration with a proportional-hazards function analysis. Thus, an albumin-to-creatinine ratio measured in a single untimed urine specimen is an effective means of identifying diabetic subjects who are at risk of developing overt nephropathy that could replace the more traditional timed urine collections. FAU - Nelson, R G
Screening for microalbuminuria in patients with type 2 diabetes is incomplete in general practice.; INTRODUCTION: National Danish guidelines recommend screening for microalbuminuria with assessment of urinary albumin/creatinine ratio at least annually in patients with type 2 diabetes. To which extent such screening is actually performed is not known. MATERIAL AND METHODS: A total of 2,057 patients with type 2 diabetes were randomly selected from 64 general practitioners (GPs) from different geographical areas of Denmark. Clinical and laboratory data on the individual patients were collected through the GPs' electronic medical patient records; particular emphasis was given to annual screening for microalbuminuria. RESULTS: The mean age of the patients was 66.2 ± 11.6 years and 58.7% were male. Only 57.2% of the patients had been screened for microalbuminuria with any method within the preceding 12 months period; of these 76.0% had normo- and 21.0% had microalbuminuria, whereas 3.0% had overt proteinuria. In contrast, 97.6% of patients had had a minimum of one plasma-creatinine measurement within the past year. CONCLUSION: In Danish primary care, screening for microalbuminuria in type 2 diabetes is insufficiently implemented, whereas renal function is evaluated in almost all patients by plasma-creatinine measurements. The importance of diagnosing microalbuminuria in patients with type 2 diabetes needs to be emphasised. FUNDING: The project has received funding in the form of a research grant from Boehringer Ingelheim, Denmark. TRIAL REGISTRATION: not relevant. FAU - Knudsen, Søren Tang
Screening for early diabetic nephropathy: which sample to detect microalbuminuria?; In a study to monitor the acceptability of using a timed overnight urine collection to measure microalbuminuria in a large diabetic population, it was found that only 184 (69.4%) of 265 diabetics returned the urine collection to the hospital laboratory. Three proposals for an initial screening test to predict high risk microalbuminuria were analysed. Proposal I: a random urinary albumin concentration (RAC) greater than 25 micrograms/ml predicts an overnight albumin excretion rate (AER) greater than 30 micrograms/min. In 159 diabetics, the sensitivity of this screening test was 56%, specificity 81%, and predictive value 15%. Proposal II: an albumin concentration greater than 20 micrograms/ml in an early morning urine sample predicts an overnight AER greater than 30 micrograms/min. In 175 diabetics, the sensitivity of this screening test was 86%, specificity 97%, and predictive value 71%. Proposal III: an albumin/creatinine ratio (albumin mg/l creatinine mmol/l) greater than 3.5 in an early morning urine sample predicts an overnight AER greater than 30 micrograms/minute. In 171 diabetics, the sensitivity of this screening test was 100%, specificity 95%, and predictive value 64%. It is concluded that an albumin/creatinine ratio performed on an early morning urine sample brought to the diabetic clinic would be a useful initial screening test to detect an overnight AER greater than 30 micrograms/min. FAU - Gatling, W
Adipocytokine zinc α2 glycoprotein (ZAG) as a novel urinary biomarker for normo-albuminuric diabetic nephropathy.; OBJECTIVE: A substantial proportion of diabetic nephropathy individuals are non-albuminuric. Using a proteomic approach, we searched for novel urinary biomarkers. METHODS: We studied three groups (n = 6 per group) of males with Type 2 diabetes: (1) normal renal function; (2) classical diabetic nephropathy (urinary albumin-creatinine ratio > 1000 mg/g and glomerular filtration rate < 60 ml/min.1.73 m(2) ) and (3) non-albuminuric diabetic nephropathy (glomerular filtration rate < 60 ml/min.1.73 m(2) and urinary albumin-creatinine ratio < 30 mg/g). We used two-dimensional fluorescence differential gel electrophoresis, matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization time-of-flight mass spectrometry peptide identification and western blot validation in the study. RESULTS: Sixty protein spots were differentially abundant between the non-albuminuric and macro-albuminuric subjects (> 2.5-fold, P < 0.05). In the non-albuminuric subjects, in addition to previously reported α(1) -microglobulin, the next most interesting spot (upregulated 3.44-fold, P = 0.0026) was human zinc-α(2) -glycoprotein, a novel adipose-cytokine associated with glomerular injury. This was confirmed by western blot and replicated in female diabetic nephropathy subjects. CONCLUSIONS: From our preliminary results, human zinc-α(2) -glycoprotein may be a novel urinary biomarker for non-albuminuric diabetic nephropathy.
Endothelial dysfunction and inflammation predict development of diabetic nephropathy in the Irbesartan in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes and Microalbuminuria (IRMA 2) study.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate risk factors for progression from persistent microalbuminuria to diabetic nephropathy in the Irbesartan in Patients with Type 2 diabetes and Microalbuminuria (IRMA 2) study, including biomarkers of endothelial dysfunction, chronic low-grade inflammation, growth factors and advanced glycation end products (AGE peptides). METHODS: IRMA 2 was a 2-year multicentre, randomized, double-blind trial comparing irbesartan (150 and 300 mg once daily) versus placebo. The primary end-point was time to onset of diabetic nephropathy. Samples from a subgroup from the placebo and the 300 mg irbesartan treatment group were used in this post-hoc analysis (n = 269, 68 %). Nine biomarkers were analysed: high sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), interleukin 6 (IL-6), fibrinogen, von Willebrand Factor (vWf), soluble vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (sVCAM-1), soluble intercellular cell adhesion molecule-1 (sICAM-1), sE-selectin, transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-beta) and AGE peptides. Mean standard deviation scores (Z-scores) were used to combine biomarker information. RESULTS: In a Cox enter model with combined Z-scores for biomarkers of endothelial dysfunction (vWf, sVCAM-1, sICAM-1, sE-selectin) and for biomarkers of inflammation (hs-CRP, IL-6, fibrinogen), endothelial dysfunction (hazard ratio for a 28 % increase ( = 1 SD) in Z-score) 3.20 (1.56 to 6.56), p = 0.001) and UAER (HR for a 75 % increase ( = 1 SD) in UAER) 2.61 (1.30 to 5.23), p = 0.007) were found as independent predictors. Independently, IL-6 and vWf predicted the end-point. In addition, endothelial Z-score was associated with progression of albuminuria (p = 0.038). CONCLUSION: Endothelial dysfunction and possibly inflammation are novel predictors of progression to diabetic nephropathy in patients with type 2 diabetes and microalbuminuria independently of traditional risk factors. ClinicalTrials.gov ID: NCT00317915. FAU - Persson, Frederik
Urinary pigment epithelium-derived factor as a marker of diabetic nephropathy.; BACKGROUND: Pigment epithelium-derived factor (PEDF), a serine protease inhibitor, regulates extracellular matrix production in the kidney. We sought the association between urinary PEDF (uPEDF) and development of nephropathy among patients with type 2 diabetes (T2DM). METHODS: Two human studies were performed in which uPEDF was determined by ELISA. These studies included (1) a cross-sectional study of T2DM (n = 228) and healthy controls (n = 46) [corrected] and (2) a longitudinal study of hypertensive T2DM with microalbuminuria (MA; n = 42) treated with irbesartan for 6 months. An animal study was performed in which PEDF was measured in the kidney and urine samples of control rats, rats rendered diabetic with streptozotocin that were also fed a high-fat diet, and diabetic rats treated with irbesartan for 3 months. RESULTS: Cross-sectional study: compared to controls, uPEDF was significantly higher in patients with diabetic nephropathy. uPEDF independently correlated with MA. In the MA group, uPEDF in patients with diabetic retinopathy was significantly higher than that in patients without diabetic retinopathy. Longitudinal study: irbesartan significantly decreased uPEDF in T2DM with MA. Animal study: in diabetic rats, increased PEDF was observed in both the urine and kidney samples. uPEDF showed a significant correlation with the expression of PEDF in the kidney. Irbesartan could significantly decrease the PEDF expression in the kidneys of diabetic rats as well as uPEDF. CONCLUSION: uPEDF may serve as a novel marker for screening for nephropathy among patients with T2DM and monitoring the response to therapy.
Silent myocardial ischemia is associated with autonomic neuropathy and other cardiovascular risk factors in type 1 and type 2 diabetic subjects, especially in those with microalbuminuria.; The prevalence of silent myocardial ischemia (SMI) seems to be above average in diabetic subjects. As routine screening is costly, identifying high-risk populations is mandatory. This study aimed to estimate the prevalence of SMI in diabetic subjects and in controls and to define the diabetic population at risk. We studied 353 asymptomatic caucasian subjects (217 with diabetes and 136 controls matched by age, sex, and cardiovascular risk factors) with normal resting ECG. The diabetic group included 39 type 1 and 178 type 2 diabetics (age 57 +/- 11 yr, 162 males/55 females). Subjects performed the Treadmill Test (TT) and, when abnormal, underwent single-photon emission computed tomography (SPECT) with exercise testing or dipyridamole injection. Coronary angiography was performed if the SPECT was suggestive of ischemia. TT was positive in 16 (8.5%) diabetics: 3 with type 1 and 13 with type 2. No controls had positive TT. SPECT was performed in 13 subjects and was positive in 10; angiography was performed in 7 and identified significant lesions in all cases. Patients with SMI were older and had a higher prevalence of autonomic neuropathy, hypertension, and dyslipidemia than those without. Microalbuminuria was also higher in the SMI group (613 +/- 211 vs 72 +/- 245 mg/d; p < 0.05). We conclude that diabetic patients aged over 60 with autonomic neuropathy and other cardiovascular risk factors should be screened for the presence of SMI especially if they have increased microalbuminuria. FAU - Chico, Ana
Evaluation of serum cystatin C and chromogranin A as markers of nephropathy in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.; Nephropathy is a significant cause of morbidity and mortality in patients with diabetes mellitus (DM). The condition is characterized by persistent albuminuria and years of progressive renal structural changes associated with decline in the glomerular filtration rate (GFR). This study evaluates whether serum concentrations of the endogenous markers of GFR, cystatin C and chromogranin A could be used as indicators of nephropathy in 77 patients with Type 2 DM. On the basis of early morning urine microalbumin:creatinine ratio, patients were divided into patients without diabetic nephropathy (DN) who were normoalbuminuric (n = 27) and patients with DN who were microalbuminuric (n = 8) or macroalbuminuric (n = 42). Patients with reduced GFR or elevated serum cystatin C did not show the expected increase in serum chromogranin A. Twenty-six percent of the patients with normoalbuminuria and 6% of those with DN had serum chromogranin A below the detection limit of the assay (< 2 U/L). In patients with DN, serum chromogranin A showed significant correlation with serum cystatin C, but not with serum creatinine and creatinine clearance. Serum cystatin C and creatinine showed poor correlation with duration of DM and HbA1c. Serum cystatin C and creatinine were significantly higher in patients with DN than in normoalbuminuric patients. Serum cystatin C showed significant correlation with serum creatinine (rs = 0.45, p = 0.002), but not with creatinine clearance (rs = 0.23, p = 0.17) in patients with DN. Four of nine patients with creatinine clearance between 50 and 80 mL/min had increased (> or = 1.4 mg/L) serum cystatin C compared with only two patients with increased serum creatinine concentration. Twenty of 50 (40%) patients with DN had elevated serum cystatin C compared with 6 of 50 (12%) with elevated serum creatinine. If microalbuminuria is regarded as the "gold-standard" test, serum cystatin C has a sensitivity of 40% and specificity of 100% for the detection of DN. However, further studies are required to confirm the usefulness of serum cystatin C estimation as a screening test and as an early indicator and predictor of the development of DN. FAU - Mojiminiyi, O A
Plasma growth differentiation factor-15 independently predicts all-cause and cardiovascular mortality as well as deterioration of kidney function in type 1 diabetic patients with nephropathy.; OBJECTIVE: Growth deferentiation factor-15 (GDF-15) is involved in inflammation and apoptosis. Expression is induced in the heart in response to ischemia and in atherosclerotic plaques. The aim of this study was to investigate GDF-15 levels in relation to all-cause mortality, cardiovascular mortality and morbidity, decline in glomerular filtration rate (GFR), and progression toward end-stage renal disease (ESRD). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: The study was a prospective observational follow-up study including 451 type 1 diabetic patients with diabetic nephropathy (274 men, aged 42.1 +/- 0.5 years [means +/- SD], diabetes duration 28.3 +/- 8.9 years, GFR 76 +/- 33 ml/min/1.73 m(2)) and a control group of 440 patients with longstanding type 1 diabetes and persistent normoalbuminuria (232 men, aged 45.4 +/- 11.5 years, duration of diabetes 27.7 +/- 10.1 years). The patients were followed for 8.1 (0.0-12.9) years (median [range]). RESULTS: Among normoalbuminuric patients, GDF-15 above the median predicted an adjusted (age, systolic blood pressure [sBP], and estimated GFR) increased risk of all-cause mortality (hazard ratio [HR] 3.6 [95% CI 1.3-10.3]; P = 0.014). Among patients with diabetic nephropathy, higher (fourth quartile) versus lower (first quartile) GDF-15 levels predict all-cause mortality (covariate-adjusted [sex, age, smoking, blood pressure, A1C, cholesterol, GFR, N-terminal prohormone B-type natriuretic peptide, antihypertensive treatment, and previous cardiovascular events]; HR 4.86 [95% CI 1.37-17.30]) as well as fatal and nonfatal cardiovascular events (adjusted HR 5.59 [1.23-25.43] and 3.55 [1.08-11.64], respectively). In addition, higher GDF-15 levels predict faster decline in GFR (P < 0.001) but not development of ESRD. CONCLUSIONS: Higher levels of GDF-15 are a predictor of all-cause and cardiovascular mortality and morbidity in patients with diabetic nephropathy. Furthermore, higher levels of GDF-15 are associated with faster deterioration of kidney function. FAU - Lajer, Maria
Rosiglitazone reduces urinary albumin excretion in type II diabetes.; This study examines the effect of rosiglitazone on urinary albumin excretion (UAE) in patients with type II diabetes. Urinary albumin: creatinine ratio (ACR) was measured in a 52-week, open-label, cardiac safety study comparing rosiglitazone and glyburide. Patients were randomised to treatment with rosiglitazone 4 mg b.i.d. or glyburide. ACR was measured at baseline and after 28 and 52 weeks of treatment. Statistically significant reductions from baseline in ACR were observed in both treatment groups at week 28. By week 52, only the rosiglitazone group showed a significant reduction from baseline. Similar results were observed for the overall study population and for the subset of patients with baseline microalbuminuria. For patients with microalbuminuria at baseline, reductions in ACR did not correlate strongly with reductions in glycosylated haemoglobin, or fasting plasma glucose, but showed strong correlation with changes in mean 24-h systolic and diastolic blood pressure for rosiglitazone-treated patients (deltaACR vs deltamean 24-h systolic blood pressure, r=0.875; deltaACR vs deltamean 24-h diastolic blood pressure, r=0.755; P < 0.05 for both). No such correlation was observed for glyburide-treated patients. In conclusion, rosiglitazone treatment was associated with a decrease in urinary albumin excretion. These findings suggest a potential beneficial effect of rosiglitazone in the treatment or prevention of renal and vascular complications of type II diabetes. FAU - Bakris, G
Exercise versus overnight albumin excretion rates in subjects with type 1 diabetes.; Diabetic nephropathy is the leading cause of new cases of renal failure in the US and Europe. An elevated albumin excretion rate (AER) on an overnight urine sample is considered an early predictor of end-stage renal failure. An elevated AER on a post-exercise urine sample has previously been considered to be an even earlier marker of renal damage. In a longitudinal prospective study, 373 subjects with insulin-dependent (type 1) diabetes mellitus had a total of 714 renal evaluations, each of which included one exercise and two overnight urine collections for AER determinations. All subjects were at least 13 years old and had diabetes for at least 4 years. There was a strong correlation between exercise and overnight AERs (r = 0.74, P < 0.001). For the 60 subjects with an initial borderline increase of either overnight or exercise AER, the overnight AER values (7.6-20 micrograms/min) progressed first for 52% of subjects whereas the exercise AERs (41-114 micrograms/min) progressed first for 43% of subjects (5% had simultaneous elevations of both). For the 22 subjects in which an abnormal overnight (> 20 micrograms/min) or exercise (> 114 micrograms/min) value was detected first, 17 (77%) had an elevated exercise AER first, whereas only 4 (18%) had an elevated overnight AER first. This study shows that an increase of either the exercise or the overnight AER can occur first, dependent upon the level of abnormality being considered. The two tests correlate closely with one another.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS) FAU - Garg, S K
Does microalbuminuria predict diabetic nephropathy?; OBJECTIVE: To describe risk factors associated with microalbuminuria (MA) in subjects with diabetes, investigate the predictive value of MA as a marker of risk for diabetic nephropathy (DN), and define risk factors associated with the development and progression of MA. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We conducted a prospective longitudinal study of 23 diabetic subjects with persistent MA and 209 diabetic subjects without MA who attended diabetes clinics at the University of Michigan Medical Center in 1989 and 1990. Both groups were examined at baseline and after 7 years. At baseline, urinary albumin-to-creatinine ratios were studied in random, first morning, and 24-h urine samples. At follow-up, a 12-h overnight urine sample was collected and analyzed for albumin and creatinine. At baseline, MA was defined by at least two separate urine specimens with albumin-to-creatinine ratios between 30 and 299 microg albumin per milligram of creatinine. RESULTS: MA regressed in 56% of subjects with baseline MA without systematic application of corrective measures and developed in 16% of subjects without baseline MA. The predictive value positive of MA as a marker of risk for DN was 43%, and the predictive value negative was 77%. In the combined cohort, the incidence and progression of MA were significantly associated with poor glycemic control and duration of diabetes between 10 and 14 years. CONCLUSIONS: MA may not be as sensitive and specific a predictor of DN as previously suggested. Other markers of risk for DN are needed for optimal clinical management. FAU - Tabaei, B P
Plasma levels of pentosidine in diabetic patients: an advanced glycation end product.; Nonenzymatic reactions between glucose and proteins yield advanced glycation end products (AGE) such as pentosidine. AGE accumulate in diabetic patients, alter the structure and function of tissue proteins, stimulate cellular response, and have thus been implicated in diabetic tissue damage. The present study was undertaken to assess the factors determining plasma total pentosidine level in diabetic patients and the possible relation between plasma pentosidine level and diabetic complications. In diabetic patients, including patients with renal failure, plasma pentosidine levels, assessed by HPLC assay, were correlated with serum creatinine (P < 0.0001). In patients with normal renal function, pentosidine levels were correlated with blood glucose control (hemoglobin Alc: P = 0.0028; fructoselysine: P = 0.0133), serum creatinine (P = 0.029), patient age (P = 0.0416), duration of diabetes (P = 0.0431), and total cholesterol (P = 0.0056) and LDL-cholesterol (P = 0.0208). Multiple regression analysis revealed an independent influence of hemoglobin Alc and serum creatinine on pentosidine levels (r2 = 0.216, P = 0.0026). Pentosidine levels were higher in patients with than in those without hypertension (P = 0.043) or ischemic heart diseases (P = 0.0061). No such differences were observed between patients with and without albuminuria or retinopathy. Multiple regression analysis revealed an independent influence of plasma pentosidine on the presence of hypertension (r2 = 0.129, P = 0.0382) and of plasma pentosidine and HDL-cholesterol on the presence of ischemic heart disease (r2 = 0.326, P = 0.0012). The present study demonstrated that plasma pentosidine level was significantly influenced by the quality of glycemic control and renal function. Pentosidine level was also correlated with hypertension and ischemic heart disease, and might be taken as a biomarker of diabetic cardiovascular risk. FAU - Sugiyama, S
Cost-effectiveness of screening for microalbuminuria using immunochemical dipstick tests or laboratory assays in diabetic patients.; To analyse the cost-effectiveness ratio of screening for microalbuminuria in diabetic patients using either dipstick tests or laboratory assays, 506 diabetic patients were screened for microalbuminuria using both a traditional laboratory assay (strategy I) or a laboratory assay only in the case of a positive dipstick result (strategy II). Dipstick pre-screening was considered positive if at least one of the tests performed by the two different operators showed an albumin excretion rate > 20 micrograms min-1. It was performed using a new dipstick, Micral-Test, designed to distinguish low albumin concentrations. Biological assay was the reference method. Costs were related to laboratory assays (strategy I) or to dipstick tests and laboratory assays for positive results (strategy II). The loss of effectiveness was related to false negative results of strategy II. The double dipstick pre-screening showed a sensitivity of 90.8% and a specificity of 80.1%. Its predictive value was 97% for a negative result and 55.6% for a positive result. False positive results were associated with elevated urinary volumes. Compared with strategy I, strategy II showed a sensitivity of 90.8%, a specificity of 100%, and predictive values of 100% and 97.5%, respectively, for positive and negative results. In a fictitious cohort of 10,000 patients, strategy II yielded a gain of 16,750 pounds on the first year, which decreased to 5345 pounds after 30 years. The loss in effectiveness was estimated at 2.38 quality adjusted life years of a diabetic patient (QALYd) initially, and decreased to 0.91 QALYd after 30 years, the annual cost-effectiveness ratio being close to 6600 pounds QALYd-1.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS) FAU - Le Floch, J P
Microalbuminuria in adult outpatients not receiving nephrological care and with risk factors for chronic kidney disease in Peruvian nephrology departments.; Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is a public health issue and is considered a common and harmful, but treatable disease. Early diagnosis can prevent the possibility of severe vascular damage and its complications, facilitating prompt and aggressive therapeutic measures. OBJECTIVE: To determine the frequency of microalbuminuria (MAU) in outpatients with known risk factors and to analyse whether a patient model exists in which screening is more efficient. METHODS: Ours was an observational, cross-sectional study involving 2968 patients from 23 nephrology centres in Peru. Inclusion criteria were: male and female outpatients aged ≥18 years with previous diagnosis of hypertension (AHT), diabetes mellitus (DM) and/or obesity. We obtained values for body mass index (BMI), waist hip ratio (WHR), blood pressure, and microalbuminuria by dipstick. We then tested for the association of these variables with MAU using odds ratios (OR). RESULTS: The mean age of our patients was 52.76 +/- 14.24 years, 68.41% were women, and 57.48% of the patients came from the capital. DM was diagnosed in 508 patients (19.29%), 1368 (51.93%) had hypertension, and 758 (28.78%) were obese. The frequency of MAU was 53.45%, and 8.96% of patients had MAU>100 mg/L. There was a highly significant correlation with DM (OR: 11.62; 95% CI: 8.55-15.78) and AHT (OR: 1.48; 95% CI: 1.24-1.76), while being from the capital (OR: 0.75; 95% CI: 0.64-0.89) and female sex (OR: 0.72; 95% CI: 10.60-0.86) acted as protective factors. conclusions: The frequency of microalbuminuria in the population studied was 53.45%. There was a highly significant correlation with diabetes and a hypertension found during evaluation, while being from the capital and female sex acted as protective factors.
Urinary albumin excretion rate and glomerular filtration rate in the prediction of diabetic nephropathy; a long-term follow-up study of childhood onset type-1 diabetic patients.; BACKGROUND: Predictors of diabetic nephropathy are only partly known. The role of glomerular hyperfiltration is much discussed. We have studied the cumulative incidence of micro and macroalbuminuria and the predictive value of glomerular filtration rate (GFR) and screening value of albumin excretion rate (AER) in type-1 diabetes. METHODS: A cohort of diabetic children was followed up at a mean duration of 29+/-3 years. All 75 children treated in one hospital with diabetes duration > or =8 years were prospectively followed for 8 years examining GFR, AER, blood pressure and HbA1c. After another 8-10 years, 60 of them were traced for endpoint follow-up. RESULTS: Seven patients (12%) developed macroalbuminuria, i.e. persistent overnight AER>200 mg/min, 12 (20%) developed persistent microalbuminuria (AER 15-200 mg/min) and 17 (28%) transient microalbuminuria (>15 mg/min on two consecutive occasions, normalized at endpoint). One baseline screening value of 24-h AER>15 mg/min predicted 93% of patients with persistent micro or macroalbuminuria. The negative predictive value was 78%. Six of seven macroalbuminuric and 10 of 12 microalbuminuric patients had a baseline GFR above the normal limit of the method (> or =125 ml/min/1.73 m(2)). When adjusted for diabetes duration, increased GFR predicted macro or microalbuminuria (odds ratios=5.44, P=0.04). The positive predictive value for having an increased baseline GFR was 53%. The negative predictive value was 77%. Stratification for HbA1c did not change the effect of an increased GFR. CONCLUSIONS: At a mean diabetes duration of 29 years the cumulative incidence of macroalbuminuria was 12%; however, another 20% had persistent microalbuminuria. A screening value of 24-h AER >15 mg/min was a strong predictor, whereas increased GFR was a weaker but significant predictor for micro and macroalbuminuria. FAU - Dahlquist, G
Comparison of different measures of urinary protein excretion for prediction of renal events.; There are many methods to screen for abnormal amounts of proteinuria to identify patients at risk for progression of renal disease, but which method best predicts renal risk is unknown. Here, we analyzed a subset of 701 patients with type 2 diabetes and nephropathy participating in the Reduction of Endpoints in Non Insulin Dependent Diabetes Mellitus with the Angiotensin II Antagonist Losartan (RENAAL) trial to compare the ability of urinary protein excretion (UPE) and urinary albumin excretion (UAE) from a 24-hour urine collection and urinary albumin concentration (UAC) and the albumin:creatinine ratio (ACR) from a first-morning void in predicting renal events. The primary outcome measure was the time to a doubling of serum creatinine or end-stage renal disease. During follow-up, 202 events occurred. The hazard ratios for the risk of a renal outcome (95% CIs) associated with 1-SD increment in the log-transformed measures were 3.16 (2.60 to 3.86) for UAE, 3.02 (2.53 to 3.62) for UPE, 3.23 (2.67 to 3.91) for UAC, and 4.36 (3.50 to 5.45) for ACR. The area under the ROC curve was significantly higher for ACR compared with the other measures. In conclusion, measurement of the albumin:creatinine ratio in a first-morning void is the superior method to predict renal events in patients with type 2 diabetes and nephropathy. FAU - Lambers Heerspink, Hiddo J
A simple diabetes vascular severity staging instrument and its application to a Torres Strait Islander and Aboriginal adult cohort of north Australia.; BACKGROUND: To develop an instrument that predicts diabetes-related vascular disease severity using routinely collected data on Australian Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander adults with type 2 diabetes, in the absence of diabetes duration. METHODS: A complex diabetes severity classification system was simplified and adapted for use with an Australian Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander adult population with type 2 diabetes in north Queensland. Detailed vascular health risks and morbidities were mapped to routinely collected measures. Individual-level health screening, hospital separation and mortality data were linked and used to plot mean monthly in-patient hospital cost and percent mortality by disease severity as defined by the newly developed instrument, to test construct validity. RESULTS: The revised instrument consists of four combined diabetes-related microvascular and macrovascular stages that range from least severe (stage 1) to severe irreversible vascular impairment (stage 4). When applied to data of an Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Australian population the instrument showed good construct validity, predicting higher hospital cost and mortality as vascular disease severity increased. CONCLUSIONS: This instrument discriminates between levels of diabetes-related vascular disease severity, displays good construct validity by predicting increased hospital cost and mortality with worsening severity and can be populated with routinely collected data. It may assist with future health service research and its use could be extended to practice settings for health care planning for diabetes management programs and monitoring vascular disease progression. FAU - Gibson, Odette R
Usefulness of captopril renography to predict the benefits of renal artery revascularization or captopril treatment in hypertensive patients with diabetic nephropathy.; This retrospective study aimed to use captopril renography (CR) for predicting the benefits of captopril treatment in hypertensive patients with diabetic nephropathy. CR was utilized in 60 hypertensive patients with diabetic nephropathy for detecting the probability of renovascular hypertension (RVH) and predicting the benefits of renal artery revascularization or captopril treatment. Ten of the 60 patients showed a high probability of RVH with marked changes of the renogram curve after an oral intake of 50-mg captopril compared to baseline findings. All of the 10 patients confirmed significant main renal artery stenosis in all of them, bilaterally in four patients and unilaterally in the remaining six patients by renal angiographic findings. After successful revascularization, blood pressure was well controlled and renal function was preserved in all of the 10 patients. The other 50 patients showed a low or intermediate probability of RVH with normal findings or unchanged on CR after 50-mg captopril. Then, captopril alone or combination treatment started and continued on 50 patients. After monitoring for at least 6 months, blood pressure was well controlled and renal function was preserved in all the 50 patients on captopril treatment. We conclude that CR should be considered as the standard diagnostic criteria of RVH and may be helpful in predicting the beneficial impact of captopril treatment in hypertensive patients with diabetic nephropathy. FAU - Lin, Cheng-Chieh
The Kidney Education Outreach Program's community-based screenings: participants' demographics and screening results.; OBJECTIVE: To outline the Kidney Education Outreach Program (KEOP) screening protocol, to describe the context in which these chronic kidney disease (CKD) screenings were administered, and to report the characteristics and screening results for participants from October 2005 to September 2008. METHODS: A cohort of 1742 people participated in targeted, free, community-based CKD screenings. Screenings included a self-report questionnaire regarding sociodemographic information, lifestyle behaviors, and personal and family health history. This survey was followed by urine dipstick testing for proteinuria and microalbuminuria. RESULTS: Medical histories were provided by 1694 individuals: 1522 through the complete questionnaire and 172 through an abbreviated questionnaire that differed principally in lack of information on family history of disease. Urine samples were collected from 1706 participants. The mean age of screening participants was 54 years old; 70% were female, 50% were African American, and 13% were Latino. More than 40% of subjects were obese. Roughly one-quarter (23%) had been diagnosed with diabetes mellitus and about half (47%) had been diagnosed with hypertension. Twenty-four percent reported a family history of kidney disease. While 60% of the participants tested positive for microalbuminuria, less than 4% of these persons had ever been told they had kidney disease. LIMITATIONS: Lack of confirmatory testing with a serum creatinine (and estimated glomerular filtration rate) or, alternatively, with a 24-hour urine collection for creatinine clearance and protein excretion; no standardized follow-up for screened participants. DISCUSSION: The KEOP targeted screenings disclosed a high prevalence of known risk factors for CKD--diabetes mellitus, hypertension, obesity, advanced age, and family history of kidney disease. However, despite these factors, less than 4% of screened participants were aware of a diagnosis of CKD. FAU - Harward, Donna H
Micral-Test: a qualitative dipstick test for micro-albuminuria.; Micro-albuminuria is a very sensitive predictor of the development of renal disease in insulin- and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. A reliable dipstick test for routine screening for micro-albuminuria is, therefore, desirable. Such a test has been developed by Boehringer Mannheim, Germany, and marketed as Micral-Test. It is an immunological slide-test with semi-quantitative properties. To evaluate its performance as a screening test we compared it with a turbidimetric immuno-assay. In 396 urine specimens from 132 patients, sensitivity was 91% and specificity 96% for a discriminating albumin level of 20 mg/l. Correlation with quantitative values was reasonable (r = 0.73). We also tested for micro-albuminuria, defined as mean albumin excretion rate of > or = 20 micrograms/min, determined with the turbidimetric immuno-assay in timed overnight urines on three consecutive days, whereas Micral-Test was considered to be positive for micro-albuminuria if the albumin concentration in one of the three urine samples was > or = 20 mg/ml. In 132 patients, the sensitivity of Micral-Test was 82% and the specificity 86%. Albumin excretion rate in all false-negative results was < 50 micrograms/min. We therefore concluded that Micral-Test is a useful qualitative screening test for micro-albuminuria in diabetic patients. FAU - Spooren, P F
Urinary N-acetyl-beta-D-glucosaminidase in children with diabetes as an early marker of diabetic nephropathy.; We investigated urinary N-acetyl-beta-D-glucosaminidase (NAG) levels in children with type 1 diabetes as an early marker of tubular damage and studied its correlation with microalbuminuria and glycaemic control. The study group comprised 42 children with type 1 diabetes and 20 healthy children as control. Urinary NAG to urinary creatinine ratio, microalbuminuria, glycated haemoglobin (Hb A1c), blood urea and serum creatinine were estimated. Urinary NAG levels in the children with diabetes were significantly higher than those of controls. There were positive correlations between urinary NAG levels and microalbuminuria, Hb A1c and systolic and diastolic blood pressure values. We found that 59.5% of diabetic children were positive for urinary NAG, while 38.1% of them were positive for microalbuminuria. FAU - Abdel Shakour, S
A cross-sectional study of HIV-seropositive patients with varying degrees of proteinuria in South Africa.; Human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)-associated nephropathy (HIVAN) is the most common finding on renal biopsy in HIV-infected black patients and is also the commonest cause of end-stage renal disease in these patients. Early detection of HIVAN may be beneficial in evaluating early treatment. This study examined the pattern of renal diseases in HIV-infected South Africans and also attempted to diagnose HIVAN at an early stage. In this single-center cross-sectional study, 615 HIV-infected patients were screened for proteinuria. Thirty patients with varying degrees of proteinuria underwent renal biopsy. Patients with diabetes mellitus, uncontrolled hypertension, known causes of chronic kidney disease, and serum creatinine above 250 mumol/l were excluded. Patients in this study were not on antiretroviral therapy. HIVAN was found in 25 (83%) patients. Six of them (24%) had microalbuminuria. Altogether, seven patients with persistent microalbuminuria were biopsied and six (86%) showed HIVAN. Other biopsy findings included membranoproliferative nephropathy in two (7%) and interstitial nephritis in three (10%). Four patients with HIVAN had associated membranous nephropathy. HIVAN is the commonest biopsy finding among our study patients with HIV infection who present with varying degrees of proteinuria. Microalbuminuria is a manifestation of HIVAN in our study patients. Therefore, microalbuminuria may be an early marker of HIVAN, and screening for its presence may be beneficial. Renal biopsy may be considered in seropositive patients who present with persistent microalbuminuria, especially with low CD4 counts irrespective of good renal function. This will allow diagnosis and treatment of HIVAN at an early stage and may prevent further disease progression. FAU - Han, T M
The early natural history of nephropathy in type 1 diabetes: II. Early renal structural changes in type 1 diabetes.; Renal structural abnormalities are known to precede the development of proteinuria, hypertension, and reduced renal function in patients with type 1 diabetes. The determinants of these early structural abnormalities are, however, largely unknown. The International Diabetic Nephropathy Study (IDNS) has recruited 243 children and adults (aged 10-40 years) in Montreal, Minneapolis, and Paris to identify and quantify these determinants. All study subjects were normotensive and had normal-to-high glomerular filtration rates (GFRs) and urinary albumin excretion rates (AERs) <100 microg/min at study entry. Only 8 of 243 had an AER > or =20 microg/min (microalbuminuria). Two renal biopsies are obtained at a 5-year intervals, with baseline and follow-up measures of renal function, blood pressure (BP), HbA(1c), plasma lipids, and AER. Herein, we examine the baseline renal biopsy morphometric findings in these subjects and in 87 kidney donor control subjects and explore the associations between findings and clinical and demographic variables. The principal morphometric abnormalities were increased glomerular basement membrane (GBM) width and fractional volume of mesangium [Vv(Mes/glom)] and mesangial matrix [Vv(MM/glom)]. The frequency of these abnormalities increased with increasing duration of diabetes but was observed as early as 2-8 years after onset. Diastolic BP (DBP), but not HbA(1c), was directly associated with these abnormalities. Elevated GFR was associated with only a small increase in peripheral glomerular capillary basement membrane filtration surface density. Center differences were detected in renal structural, renal functional, and BP parameters, especially between the Paris and North American centers. GBM width, Vv(Mes/glom), and Vv(MM/glom) are significantly increased even within a few years of onset of type 1 diabetes. These changes are detectable in normoalbuminuric patients and are related to duration, BP, and study site. Changes in these and other morphometric measures over 5-year follow-up should help clarify the roles of glycemia and other determinants of the rates of development of diabetic nephropathy lesions, as well as their relationships to early changes in BP, albumin excretion, and renal function. FAU - Drummond, Keith
Choice of urine sample predictive of microalbuminuria in patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Twenty-four-hour, four-hour (8 to 12 am), and overnight urine collections were examined for their ability to detect microalbuminuria in 292 patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM). Albumin excretion rate (AER) was measured and also estimated from the product of the urinary albumin/creatinine ratio (A/C) and the calculated 24-hour creatinine excretion. The fractional excretion of albumin (FEA) was also determined in aliquots from each urine sample. The correlation coefficients between measured 24-hour AER and estimated AER were 0.940 and 0.956 for four-hour and overnight collections, respectively (significance of each correlation, P less than 0.001). There was no advantage in using the FEA over the A/C ratio in predicting measured AER. Urinary A/C ratios (mg/mg) between 0.03 and 0.31 in the four-hour collections were highly predictive of microalbuminuria and of measured AER in the 24-hour collections: AER24-h (microgram/min/1.73 m2) = 2.74 + 0.870 x A/C4-h (all log10 values). In a subgroup of 175 patients having all three collections validated, 34 (20%) had microalbuminuria defined as AER 20 to 200 micrograms/min/1.73 m2 in at least two of the three samples and 44 (25%) had overt nephropathy (greater than 200 micrograms/min/1.73 m2). The ability of the AER in one urine collection to predict microalbuminuria in at least one of the other two collections was assessed in these 175 patients. Compared with the overnight urine collection, the four-hour collection had greater sensitivity while affording similar specificity and positive predictive value. Based on these data, the A/C ratio from a morning urine sample following initial AM voiding would seem adequate for the detection and monitoring of microalbuminuria in patients with IDDM. FAU - Ellis, D
ADMA, SDMA and L-arginine/ADMA ratio but not DDAH genetic polymorphisms are reliable predictors of diabetic nephropathy progression as identified by competing risk analysis.; BACKGROUND/AIMS: Complex interplay of genetic and (patho)physiological factors influence availability of nitric oxide during the development and progression of diabetic complications. We assessed predictive value of commonly studied methylated asymmetric and symmetric dimethylarginines (ADMA and SDMA) and selected single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in dimethylarginine dimethylaminohydrolase (DDAH) 1 and 2 genes for the progression of diabetic nephropathy (DN). METHODS: A total of 341 type 1 and type 2 diabetes patients with variable degree of kidney disease were included at baseline. Plasma levels of ADMA, SDMA and L-arginine were measured and six tagging SNPs in DDAH1 and 2 were determined. Progression of DN was defined as a transition from any given stage to a more advanced stage of albuminuria. Competing risk analysis was applied. RESULTS: Plasma levels of ADMA and SDMA significantly correlated with GFR. No significant genotype-phenotype relationship was ascertained for ADMA and DDAH variants, but SNP rs805304 exhibited marginally significant association with DN. ADMA, SDMA and L-arginine/ADMA ratio standardised to GFR were identified as significant predictors of DN progression but not GFR decline using multivariate competing risk analysis. CONCLUSIONS: In our study we confirmed potentially significant role of ADMA and SDMA for the assessment of risk of DN progression in European diabetic population.
Evaluation of microalb immunoturbidimetric test for albuminuria screening.; Microalb, an immunoturbidimetric test for screening urinary albumin levels was evaluated for its potential as a screening test for microalbuminuria in diabetic patients. It was compared with the current standard, the radioimmunoassay (RIA). The results showed that the test lacks sensitivity while its specificity was acceptable. Therefore, it can not replace the RIA as the screening method. This study also showed that the first early morning urine could be used if a 24- hour collection was not possible, as its albumin content fairly correlated (r = 0.78) with the 24-hour urine collection of the diabetic patients. FAU - Ujjin, P
Early evaluation of renal hemodynamic alterations in type I diabetes mellitus with duplex ultrasound.; To evaluate the role of renal duplex ultrasonography in the detection of early alteration of renal blood flow in type I diabetic patients, we studied with duplex ultrasound 32 patients with type I diabetes mellitus (19 males, 13 females, age range 8-19 years) and 35 age and sex-matched controls. The resistivity indices (RIs) and pulsatility indices (PIs) of the main renal as well as intra-renal arteries were calculated. Compared with the healthy control subjects, diabetic patients had significantly higher resistivity indices (RIs) in the intrarenal (segmental, arcuate and interlobar) arteries (P= 0.001). The study, also revealed a significantly positive correlation between the RIs in the intrarenal arteries in diabetics and the albumin/creatinine ratio (r= 0.54, 0.52 and 0.51 respectively), glycated hemoglobin (r= 0.61, 0.59 and 0.63 respectively), as well as the estimated GFR (e-GFR) (r= 0.53, 0.51 and 0.57 respectively). We conclude that the current study documented early intra-renal hemodynamic alterations in the form of pathologically elevated intrarenal RIs. This denotes the potential usefulness of duplex evaluation of the intrarenal arteries, as a noninvasive procedure, for monitoring type 1 diabetic patients to predict those at risk of diabetic nephropathy. FAU - Saif, Aasem
Urinary measurement of transforming growth factor-beta and type IV collagen as new markers of renal injury: application in diabetic nephropathy.; Urinary samples were concentrated rapidly and efficiently and were used to develop several protein assays that may be of value in monitoring individuals with progressive renal disorders. Transforming growth factor-beta1 (TGF-11) and retinol binding protein (RBP) were measured with modification of commercially available methods used to assay serum specimens; type 3 collagen (T3C) was measured with a new immunonephelometric assay. The precision characteristics of these assays are comparable with those reported for microalbuminuria. The clinical utility of measuring a panel of these markers was demonstrated in urine samples from 16 control subjects and from 46 individuals with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) with various albumin excretion rates (AERs). TGF-beta1 and T3C were used as markers of cytokine expression and of the renal fibrogenic process, whereas RBP excretion served as a marker of tubular injury or dysfunction. Compared with controls, T3C excretion was significantly increased in 18 normoalbuminuric and further increased in 13 microalbuminuric (AER 20 < or = 200 microg/min) IDDM subjects. RBP excretion was increased in macroalbuminuric IDDM subjects (AER >200 microg/min, overt nephropathy). Significant correlations were also found between AER and RBP in all but macroalbuminuric individuals, whereas TGF-beta1 correlated with T3C excretion in controls and in normoalbuminuric diabetic subjects. Urinary RBP but not AER was an excellent predictor of diabetic nephropathy as defined by serum creatinine (P = 0.0001). This underscores the importance of an early tubulopathy in the subsequent development of glomerulopathy and overt nephropathy. The data suggest that longitudinal monitoring of a panel of urinary markers such as that used in the current study may better define their relevance in progressive glomerulosclerosis and may also provide greater insight into the mechanisms underlying such process. FAU - Ellis, D
HbA(1c) variability and the development of microalbuminuria in type 2 diabetes: Tsukuba Kawai Diabetes Registry 2.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: The aim of this study was to examine the association between HbA(1c) variability and the development of microalbuminuria as defined by an albumin/creatinine ratio ≥ 3.4 mg/mmol (≥ 30 mg/g) in at least two of three consecutive urine samples in Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes. METHODS: HbA(1c) level was measured in 812 serially registered normoalbuminuric adults aged 21-79 years with type 2 diabetes. After registration, a 1-year period to establish baseline values for mean HbA(1c) and HbA(1c) variability (measured as the intrapersonal SD of serially collected HbA(1c)) was decided upon. The association between HbA(1c) variability and the development of microalbuminuria was determined by Cox regression analysis after adjustment for other risk factors for microalbuminuria. RESULTS: Microalbuminuria occurred in 193 patients during the observation period of (mean ± SD) 4.3 ± 2.7 years. Even after adjustment for mean HbA(1c), HbA(1c) variability was a significant predictor of microalbuminuria independently of the mean HbA(1c); the HR for every 1% (95% CI) increase in mean HbA(1c) was 1.22 (1.06, 1.40) (p = 0.005), and that for HbA(1c) variability was 1.35 (1.05, 1.72) (p = 0.019). The effects of these two variables were quite similar when 1 SD was used; the HR for every 1 SD increase (95% CI) in HbA(1c) was 1.23 (1.07, 1.43) (p = 0.005), and that for HbA(1c) variability was 1.20 (1.03, 1.39) (p = 0.019). CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: HbA(1c) variability affects the development of microalbuminuria independently of mean HbA(1c) in type 2 diabetes. Further studies should be performed to evaluate the influence of HbA(1c) variability on other complications and in individuals of other ethnicities with type 2 diabetes. FAU - Sugawara, A
Progression to microalbuminuria in type 1 diabetes: development and validation of a prediction rule.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Microalbuminuria is common in type 1 diabetes and is associated with an increased risk of renal and cardiovascular disease. We aimed to develop and validate a clinical prediction rule that estimates the absolute risk of microalbuminuria. METHODS: Data from the European Diabetes Prospective Complications Study (n = 1115) were used to develop the prediction rule (development set). Multivariable logistic regression analysis was used to assess the association between potential predictors and progression to microalbuminuria within 7 years. The performance of the prediction rule was assessed with calibration and discrimination (concordance statistic [c-statistic]) measures. The rule was validated in three other diabetes studies (Pittsburgh Epidemiology of Diabetes Complications [EDC] study, Finnish Diabetic Nephropathy [FinnDiane] study and Coronary Artery Calcification in Type 1 Diabetes [CACTI] study). RESULTS: Of patients in the development set, 13% were microalbuminuric after 7 years. Glycosylated haemoglobin, AER, WHR, BMI and ever smoking were found to be the most important predictors. A high-risk group (n = 87 [8%]) was identified with a risk of progression to microalbuminuria of 32%. Predictions showed reasonable discriminative ability, with c-statistic of 0.71. The rule showed good calibration and discrimination in EDC, FinnDiane and CACTI (c-statistic 0.71, 0.79 and 0.79, respectively). CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: We developed and validated a clinical prediction rule that uses relatively easily obtainable patient characteristics to predict microalbuminuria in patients with type 1 diabetes. This rule can help clinicians to decide on more frequent check-ups for patients at high risk of microalbuminuria in order to prevent long-term chronic complications. FAU - Vergouwe, Y
Near-normal urinary albumin concentrations predict progression to diabetic nephropathy in Type 1 diabetes mellitus.; AIMS: To determine urinary albumin concentrations that predict progression to diabetic nephropathy and sight-threatening diabetic retinopathy and identify baseline parameters associated with progression. METHODS: One thousand two hundred and one Type 1 diabetic patients aged 35 years or younger at diagnosis attending six hospital diabetes clinics in Scotland and included on the Royal College of Physicians of Edinburgh Diabetes Register were followed for a median (interquartile range) of 4.0 (2.5-5.5) years. Diabetic nephropathy was defined as the geometric mean of two consecutive urinary albumin values > 200 mg/l or a single value > 1,000 mg/l. Retinopathy was defined as clinician-determined maculopathy or proliferative retinopathy. RESULTS: Forty-six patients developed nephropathy (4%) and 98 retinopathy (8%). Cox proportional hazards analyses demonstrated that a baseline urinary albumin concentration above 7.4 mg/l, longer duration of diabetes and higher HbA1c levels predicted the development of nephropathy. Higher baseline urinary albumin concentrations were the most powerful predictor for the development of nephropathy. Longer duration of diabetes, baseline blood pressure > 140/90 mmHg and higher HbA1c levels all predicted the development of sight-threatening retinopathy whereas baseline urinary albumin concentration did not. CONCLUSIONS: Elevation of urinary albumin concentration just above the normal range is associated with an increased risk of developing diabetic nephropathy. Identifying patients with any abnormalities of urinary albumin excretion will provide a clear rationale for early therapeutic interventions.
Identification of urinary soluble E-cadherin as a novel biomarker for diabetic nephropathy.; BACKGROUND: Currently, early diagnosis of diabetic nephropathy (DN) remains a major challenge. Thus, more investigations into new DN-related biomarkers are needed. METHODS: We employed urinary proteomic approach of fluorescence-based difference gel electrophoresis (DIGE) and mass spectrometry to identify novel biomarkers in urine samples, which were from type 2 diabetes patients with normoalbuminuria (DM group), microalbuminuria (DN1 group), macroalbuminuria (DN2 group) and control group (n=8 in each group). The identified biomarker was further studied by western blot in urine samples (n=6 in each group) and immunohistochemistry in renal biopsies. Besides, the urinary level of biomarker was detected and analyzed using enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay(ELISA) method (n=40 in each group). RESULTS: A novel DN-related biomarker, urinary E-cadherin, was identified by proteomic methods, which up-regulated 1.3-fold, 5.2-fold and 8.5-fold in DM, DN1 and DN2 groups compared with control group. Meanwhile, high expression of urinary soluble 80 kDa fragment of E-cadherin (sE-cadherin) was verified in DN groups by western blot. The ELISA data also demonstrated that urinary sE-cadherin-to-creatinine ratio was significantly increased in DN1 and DN2 groups versus DM group or control group (2751.5+/-164 and 5839.6+/-428 vs 721.9+/-93 or 652.7+/-87 microg/g; p<0.001). The sensitivity and specificity of urinary sE-cadherin for diagnosis of DN were calculated as 78.8% (95% CI, 74-83%) and 80% (95% CI, 65-91%). Besides, immunohistochemical stain showed that E-cadherin expression was markedly decreased in renal tubular epithelial cells of patients with DN versus healthy controls. CONCLUSIONS: Urinary sE-cadherin has a potential clinical diagnostic value for DN and E-cadherin may participate in the pathogenesis of DN. FAU - Jiang, Hongjuan
Gender differences in predictors of the decline of renal function in the general population.; We sought to identify predictors of the decline in renal function, especially those that are modifiable, in the 5488 participants of the prospective, community-based cohort study PREVEND who completed three visits during a mean follow-up of 6.5 years. The change in renal function was used as the outcome and this was calculated as the linear regression of three estimated GFR measurements obtained during follow-up. Risk factors, known to influence renal outcome in patients with primary renal diseases, were used as potential predictors in multivariate regression analyses. High systolic blood pressure and plasma glucose were found to be independent predictors for an accelerated decline in function for both genders. In males, albuminuria was the strongest independent predictor for renal function decline, whereas in females albuminuria was univariately associated only after adjustment for age. The direction of the association between cholesterol/HDL ratio and decline of renal function differed by gender. Surprisingly, in males, waist circumference was an independent predictor and positively associated with renal function outcome. These studies show that there are gender differences in the standard predictors of the decline in renal function. FAU - Halbesma, Nynke
Risk markers of future microalbuminuria and hypertension based on clinical and morphological parameters in young type 1 diabetes patients.; BACKGROUND: Nephropathy is a severe complication of type 1 diabetes and develops in 30% of patients. Currently, it is not possible to identify young patients at risk prior to the development of microalbuminuria (MA) and/or hypertension (HT). OBJECTIVE: To study predictors of MA and/or HT in young normoalbuminuric (NA) patients with type 1 diabetes. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: Forty-six NA and normotensive (NT) type 1 diabetes patients, regularly followed since onset with checks on metabolic control, kidney function, and MA, were investigated with kidney biopsies and 24-h ambulatory blood pressure measurements (ABPMs) after 10.6 yr of diabetes. The patients were followed another six and a half years with regard to the development of MA and HT. RESULTS: Fifteen patients developed MA and/or HT during follow-up. The strongest risk markers were poor metabolic control after puberty, high day-time systolic blood pressure (BP), and increased BMT at 10 yr, which explained 62% of the outcome for MA and/or HT at 17 yr duration with 77% sensitivity and 65% specificity. The threshold values were long-term postpubertal HbA(1c) > 8.2%, day-time systolic BP > 130 mmHg, and BMT > 490 nm/1.73 m(2). CONCLUSIONS: Normoalbuminuric and NT patients at risk of developing MA and HT could be identified and might benefit from an early start of antihypertensive therapy and improvement of metabolic control. FAU - Perrin, Nina E S S
Inflammatory parameters are independently associated with urinary albumin in type 2 diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Data about the relationship of inflammation to nephropathy in type 2 diabetes mellitus are scarce. In the present study, we test the hypothesis that inflammatory parameters are independently related to urinary albumin excretion (UAE) at early stages of nephropathy. METHODS: Sixty-five patients with type 2 diabetes with microalbuminuria (MAB) or mild proteinuria (protein < 1 g/d) were included. We analyzed serum concentrations of high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), as well as urinary level of this cytokine. RESULTS: Inflammatory parameters were significantly greater in patients with diabetes than controls; furthermore, urinary TNF-alpha levels increased significantly as nephropathy progressed. Median urinary TNF-alpha level was 7 pg/mg in normoalbuminurics, 13 pg/mg in microalbuminurics (P < 0.001), and 18 pg/mg in proteinurics (P < 0.001 versus normoalbuminuria and P < 0.01 versus MAB). Albuminuria was related to hs-CRP (r= 0.68; P < 0.001) and serum (r = 0.45; P < 0.01) and urinary TNF-alpha levels (r = 0.71; P < 0.001), but there was no association between serum and urinary TNF-alpha levels. Partial correlation analysis showed that hs-CRP level, urinary TNF-alpha level, duration of diabetes, and glycated hemoglobin level remained significantly associated with UAE. A stepwise multiple regression analysis showed that UAE was significantly associated with hs-CRP level (P < 0.001), duration of diabetes (P < 0.001), urinary TNF-alpha level (P < 0.01), and glycated hemoglobin level (P < 0.05; adjusted R2 = 0.73; P < 0.001). CONCLUSION: Inflammatory parameters in patients with type 2 diabetes at an early stage of nephropathy are independently associated with UAE. In addition to traditional metabolic and hemodynamic factors, it is possible to hypothesize on the participation of inflammation in the pathogenesis of diabetic nephropathy. FAU - Navarro, Juan F
The use of semi-quantitative urine test-strip (Micral Test) for microalbuminuria screening in patients with diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Microalbuminuria is an early marker of prognostic significance in diabetic renal disease. However, testing for microalbuminuria in a timed sample of urine using the double antibody radioimmunoassay (RIA) method is cumbersome and requires special laboratory facilities. Recently, a test strip for microalbuminuria, the Micral Test was available and we evaluated the performance of this test strip as a screening method for detection of microalbuminuria. METHODS: One hundred consecutive diabetic patients who were tested to be dipstick-negative (Albustix) for proteinuria were enrolled for the study. Micral Tests were performed on a paired first morning and random urine specimen from the same patient and the results compared with a timed 24-hour urine measurement of urine albumin excretion using the RIA method. RESULTS: Eighteen specimens were tested positive by the RIA method with a urinary albumin range of 32-177 mg/24 hours. With the Micral Test, the following sensitivity, specificity, positive and negative predictive values were obtained: 66.7%. 97.6%, 85.7% and 93.0% for the first morning urine specimens, and 77.8%, 91.5%, 66.7% and 94.9% for the random urine specimens. CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that Micral Test with either the first morning or random urine specimen offers a simple, reliable, rapid and convenient method for screening of microalbuminuria in the diabetic patient. FAU - Leong, S O
Plasma connective tissue growth factor is an independent predictor of end-stage renal disease and mortality in type 1 diabetic nephropathy.; OBJECTIVE: We evaluated the predictive value of baseline plasma connective tissue growth factor (CTGF) in a prospective study of patients with type 1 diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Subjects were 198 type 1 diabetic patients with established diabetic nephropathy and 188 type 1 diabetic patients with persistent normoalbuminuria. Follow-up time was 12.8 years. Prediction of end-stage renal disease (ESRD) and mortality by plasma CTGF was analyzed in conjunction with conventional risk factors. RESULTS: Plasma CTGF was higher in patients with nephropathy than in patients with normoalbuminuria (median 381 [interquartile range 270-630] vs. 235 [168-353] pmol/l). In patients with nephropathy, elevated plasma CTGF was an independent predictor of ESRD (covariate-adjusted hazard ratio [HR] 1.6 [95% CI 1.1-2.5]) and correlated with the rate of decline in glomerular filtration rate (GFR) (cumulative R = 0.46). Area under the receiver operating characteristic curve for prediction of ESRD was 0.72. Plasma CTGF above a cutoff level of 413 pmol/l predicted ESRD with a sensitivity of 73% and a specificity of 63% and was associated with a higher rate of decline in GFR (mean +/- SD 5.4 +/- 4.9 vs. 3.3 +/- 3.5 ml/min per 1.73 m(2) per year). Moreover, in patients with nephrotic range albuminuria (>3 g/day), plasma CTGF was the only predictor of ESRD (covariate-adjusted HR 4.5 [2.0-10.4]). Plasma CTGF was an independent predictor also of overall mortality (covariate-adjusted HR 1.4 [1.1-1.7]). In contrast, in normoalbuminuric patients, plasma CTGF did not correlate with clinical parameters and did not predict outcome. CONCLUSIONS: Plasma CTGF contributes significantly to prediction of ESRD and mortality in patients with type 1 diabetic nephropathy. FAU - Nguyen, Tri Q
A population-based screening for microalbuminuria among relatives of CKD patients: the Kidney Evaluation and Awareness Program in Sheffield (KEAPS).; BACKGROUND: Microalbuminuria has been used to detect subjects at risk of cardiovascular disease and chronic kidney disease (CKD) in patients with diabetes, those with hypertension, and the general population. However, relatives of patients with CKD have not been investigated for microalbuminuria in the United Kingdom. STUDY DESIGN: A cross-sectional study evaluating the prevalence of microalbuminuria in relatives of patients with CKD compared with the general population of Sheffield, England. SETTING & PARTICIPANTS: Participants in the Kidney Evaluation and Awareness Program in Sheffield, a population-based screening program for microalbuminuria. 274 relatives of patients with CKD were studied and compared with an age- and sex-matched control group from the general population. PREDICTOR: Family history of CKD. MEASUREMENT & OUTCOMES: Screening tools included a questionnaire collating information for demographics, lifestyle, and medical and family history of diabetes, hypertension, and CKD. Urine samples were collected for microalbuminuria estimation. Microalbuminuria measurements were obtained by using immunonephelometry. Microalbuminuria thresholds were defined using albumin-creatinine ratio. RESULTS: The prevalence of microalbuminuria was 9.5% in those with a family history of CKD. This was significantly greater than the prevalence of 1.4% in the age- and sex-matched control group with no family history of CKD (P = 0.001). Independent determinants of microalbuminuria in the study population in an adjusted logistic regression model were family history of diabetes (odds ratio [OR], 2.88; 95% confidence interval, 1.17 to 7.04), obesity (OR, 3.29; 95% confidence interval, 1.61 to 6.69), and family history of CKD (OR, 6.96; 95% confidence interval, 3.48 to 13.92). LIMITATIONS: Cross-sectional snapshot analysis, microalbuminuria measured once. CONCLUSIONS: The prevalence of microalbuminuria in relatives of patients with CKD is greater than in an age- and sex-matched control group from the general population. The prognostic value of microalbuminuria in this category of at-risk population remains to be determined in longitudinal studies. FAU - Bello, Aminu K
Plasma serotonin is a predictor for deterioration of urinary albumin excretion in men with type 2 diabetes mellitus.; We performed an observational study to investigate if plasma 5-hydroxyindole-3-acetic acid (5-HIAA), a derivative end product of serotonin (5-hydroxytryptamine), concentration could be a predictor for deterioration of urinary albumin excretion. The relationship between baseline plasma 5-HIAA concentration and changes in urinary albumin excretion for 24 months was investigated in 162 male patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. Patients were divided into tertiles according to plasma 5-HIAA concentration. Greater changes in urinary albumin excretion were seen in patients with high plasma 5-HIAA concentration (112.8 +/- 36.2 mg/g creatinine) than in patients with low plasma 5-HIAA concentration (7.6 +/- 8.0 mg/g creatinine, P = .0011) or in patients with intermediate plasma 5-HIAA concentration (25.6 +/- 15.0 mg/g creatinine, P = .0070) after adjustment for baseline values of urinary albumin excretion. A positive correlation was observed between log (plasma 5-HIAA concentration) and changes in urinary albumin excretion (r = 0.314, P < .0001). Multiple regression analysis demonstrated that log (plasma 5-HIAA concentration) (beta = .284, P = .0013) was an independent determinant of changes in urinary albumin excretion. In conclusion, plasma 5-HIAA concentration was positively correlated with changes in urinary albumin excretion, which may indicate causality in diabetic nephropathy in male patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and high plasma 5-HIAA concentration. FAU - Fukui, Michiaki
An aid to the early detection and management of diabetic nephropathy: assessment of a new point of care microalbuminuria system in the diabetic clinic.; AIMS: To compare the performance of the DCA2000 microalbuminuria system for albumin and creatinine concentrations and the albumin:creatinine ratio (ACR) with laboratory measurements in the hospital diabetes clinic and to assess the ease of use and applicability by standard clinic personnel. METHODS: Urine albumin and creatinine concentration and ACR were measured in 154 diabetic patient samples and in 77 normal subjects. Both albumin assays are based on immunoturbidimetry. The DCA2000 system utilizes reagent cartridges processed automatically. RESULTS: Control material within-run precision (coefficient of variation (CV)) for albumin and creatinine ranged up to 7.1% and 3.3% respectively. Between-run CVs ranged from 2.1% to 4.3%. Method comparisons yielded correlation coefficients > 0.99 for albumin, creatinine and ACR, only a small negative bias of 3.2 mg/l for albumin and 0.10 mg/mmol for ACR, no concentration-related bias for ACR and no between-method difference for either albumin (P = 0.195) or ACR (P = 0.341). At a laboratory albumin concentration cut-off of 20 mg/l the sensitivity, specificity, negative and positive predictive values were 92.4% 100% 92.7% and 100%. Normal reference range mean albumin, creatinine and ACR values for the DCA2000 and the laboratory were 7.7 mg/l vs. 9.0 mg/l 13.0 mmol/l vs. 12.6 mmol/l and 0.66 mg/mmol vs. 0.81 mg/mmol respectively. Clinic personnel found that the DCA2000 system was easy to use suited the clinic environment and generated confidence in the results. CONCLUSIONS: This point of care system safely substitutes laboratory-based measurements. Ease of use and low cost make it suitable for screening and monitoring diabetes treatment. It facilitates the use of random urines, and may obviate the need for timed samples. This approach has a clear place in the battle to reduce the diabetic vascular disease burden. FAU - Collins, A C
High-normal levels of albuminuria predict the development of micro- and macroalbuminuria and increased mortality in Brazilian Type 2 diabetic patients: an 8-year follow-up study.; AIM: To analyse the risk factors for the development of micro- and macroalbuminuria and mortality rates in a cohort of normoalbuminuric Type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM) patients. METHODS: In this prospective study, 193 Type 2 DM patients with urinary albumin excretion (UAE) < 20 microg/min, 96 men (50%), aged 56.5 +/- 9 years, were followed for a mean period of 8 +/- 3 years. UAE and estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR; Modification of Diet in Renal Disease) were measured. The outcomes were development of persistent micro- and macroalbuminuria and mortality. RESULTS: Twenty patients were lost to follow-up. Of the 173 remaining patients, 33 (19%) died. The Cox analysis [hazard ratio (HR), 95% confidence interval] revealed that the baseline significant predictors of mortality were higher UAE [above median (5 microg/min); HR 2.7, 1.2-6.1; P = 0.02], male sex (HR 3.9, 1.7-9.2; P = 0.002), age (HR 1.6, 1.3-1.9; P = 0.0001), and fasting plasma glucose (HR 1.2, 1.1-1.3; P = 0.004). Smoking and eGFR were not significant in this model. Follow-up renal data were available for 158 patients: 34 (22%) progressed to microalbuminuria and seven (4%) to macroalbuminuria, and the baseline predictors were a higher UAE (> 5 microg/min, HR 2.5, 1.2-5.1; P = 0.02), presence of diabetic retinopathy (HR 2.5, 1.3-5.0; P = 0.009), fasting glucose (HR 1.1, 1.0-1.2; P = 0.015), and male sex (HR 2.2, 1.1-4.7; P = 0.04), independently of smoking and hypertension. Lower GFR (HR 0.98, 0.97-1.00; P = 0.07) was of borderline significance. CONCLUSIONS: In normoalbuminuric Type 2 DM patients, the development of micro- or macroalbuminuria and mortality rates was independently and positively associated with higher levels of albuminuria, although still in the traditionally established normal range. FAU - Murussi, M
Deletion of MK2 signalling in vivo inhibits small Hsp phosphorylation but not diabetic nephropathy.; It is supposed that some stress-induced heat shock proteins (Hsps) are regulated through e.g. stimulation of the p38MAPK/MK(MAPKAP)-2 signalling pathway. It has been postulated from in vitro experiments that phosphorylation of Hsp25(rodents)/Hsp27(human), the major phosphorylation substrate of MK2, is responsible for mesangial contractility and glomerular hyperfiltration in the diabetic kidney. To verify this hypothesis in vivo we studied the renal function of nondiabetic and streptozotocin (STZ)-induced, diabetic MK2(-/-) mice in comparison to wild-type (WT) control mice. Following 8 weeks of hyperglycaemia, light microscopy showed increased glomerulosclerosis and tubulointerstitial renal fibrosis in both diabetic study groups. Protein analysis demonstrated that Hsp25 phosphorylation is stimulated upon high-glucose condition but inhibited in the diabetic MK2(-/-) mice. However, we found the kidney-body weight ratio significantly increased in diabetic WT and MK2(-/-) mice. No difference regarding the increased expression of the extracellular matrix proteins and TGF-beta1 between both diabetic study groups was observed. Importantly, diabetic MK2(-/-) mice showed no protection against renal hyperfiltration in the diabetic state and the development of diabetic albuminuria. Although activation of p38MAPK has been previously shown in diabetes mellitus, our results indicate that blockade of the downstream MK2/Hsp25 signalling pathway does not interfere with the development of early diabetic nephropathy. FAU - Park, Joon-Keun
Raised serum sialic acid concentration precedes onset of microalbuminuria in IDDM. A 10-year follow-up study.; OBJECTIVE: Elevated concentrations of serum sialic acid, a potent cardiovascular risk factor in the general population, have been found in patients with IDDM and microalbuminuria. We investigated whether a coincidence exists between the increase of sialic acid concentrations and albuminuria in the transition from normoalbuminuria to microalbuminuria. Furthermore, the predictability of increased sialic acid as well as von Willebrand factor (vWF) and total and HDL cholesterol concentrations in development of persistent microalbuminuria in IDDM was investigated. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: This 10-year prospective study was carried out in a cohort of 209 IDDM patients with normoalbuminuria at baseline. RESULTS: Of the cohort, 198 patients completed the follow-up period and 27 developed persistent microalbuminuria (urinary albumin excretion rate [UAER] > or = 30 mg/24 h). A coincident increase of UAER and serum sialic acid concentration was seen before persistent microalbuminuria was diagnosed. Elevation of serum sialic acid concentrations in those who later developed microalbuminuria occurred 3 years before the diagnosis of persistent microalbuminuria. Baseline serum sialic acid concentrations were significantly higher in the group of patients who later developed microalbuminuria than in the group who remained normoalbuminuric (2.02 +/- 0.41 vs. 1.85 +/- 0.31 mmol/l [means +/- SD], P < 0.05). Baseline serum sialic acid concentration correlated significantly with HbA1c, UAER, blood pressure, total cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, and vWF and was significantly predictive for development of microalbuminuria (hazards ratio [95% CI], 3.1 [1.2-8.1]; P = 0.02) after adjustments for sex, duration of diabetes, smoking, blood pressure, vWF, total cholesterol, and HDL cholesterol. Adjustment for the effects of HbA1c and UAER, however, canceled out the predictive effect of serum sialic acid. CONCLUSIONS: UAER and serum sialic acid concentration increase coincidentally before the onset of persistent microalbuminuria. An increased serum sialic acid concentration is predictive for the onset of microalbuminuria independent of age, sex, diabetes duration, smoking, blood pressure, vWF, and total HDL cholesterol. FAU - Yokoyama, H
Albuminuria estimated from proteinuria in diabetics. Is it a real alternative in clinical practice?; While proteinuria detectable by dip-sticks is the hallmark of overt diabetic nephropathy, urinary albumin excretion (UAE) above normal but Albustix-negative (so-called microalbuminuria) is the main characteristic of the preproteinuric phase of the diabetic renal disease. Reliable measurement of UAE requires very sensitive and accurate methods, such as radioimmunoassay (RIA), which, however, are not suitable for routine UAE analysis. The Coomassie Brilliant Blue dye binding method has been suggested to be a simple and economical way of indirectly measuring albuminuria in diabetic patients. In the present paper, we compared the chemico-clinical characteristics of a RIA method with those of the Coomassie dye binding method, in order to verify if it is really possible to calculate albuminuria from proteinuria (and vice versa) by a simple linear regression equation, as previously suggested. The RIA has shown a better sensitivity and accuracy in comparison to the dye binding method. Our study suggests that there is not a linear relationship between proteinuria and albuminuria in diabetic patients. Indeed, the ratio between the total proteinuria, as measured with the dye method, and the albuminuria, as measured by a specific and sensitive RIA, varies greatly in diabetic patients with or without glomerular nephropathy. While the dye binding method appears the best procedure for the assay of total microproteinuria, since it is precise, cheap and feasible, the RIA, due to its high sensitivity and specificity, is more suitable for early and accurate detection of microalbuminuria, as well for the close follow-up of subjects at risk of developing overt diabetic nephropathy. FAU - Giampietro, O
Relationship between glycated haemoglobin and microvascular complications: is there a natural cut-off point for the diagnosis of diabetes?; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: This study was designed to determine whether the relationship of glycated haemoglobin to diabetic microvascular complications shows any natural thresholds that could be useful in diagnosing diabetes. METHODS: We examined a population-based sample of 3,190 Malay adults aged 40-80 years in Singapore. The microvascular outcomes of interest were: (1) any retinopathy, defined from fundus photographs; (2) mild retinopathy, defined as in (1); (3) moderate retinopathy, defined as in (1); (4) chronic kidney disease, defined from estimated glomerular filtration rate; (5) micro- or macroalbuminuria, defined from urinary albumin to creatinine ratio; and (6) peripheral neuropathy, defined from neurothesiometer or monofilament sensory testing. RESULTS: Increasing HbA(1c) was associated with all microvascular complications. The optimal cut-off points for detecting mild and moderate retinopathy were 6.6% (87.0% sensitivity, 77.1% specificity and area under the receiver operating characteristics [ROC] curve 0.899) and 7.0% (82.9% sensitivity, 82.3% specificity and area under ROC curve 0.904). The prevalences of mild and moderate retinopathy were <1% below the optimal cut-off points. For other complications, the association with HbA(1c) was linear without evidence of a distinct threshold. Although ROC analysis for these other complications also suggested optimal cut-off points between 6.6% and 7.0%, the sensitivity at these cut-off points was considerably lower than for mild and moderate retinopathy, ranging from 31.8% to 66.5%. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Higher levels of HbA(1c) were associated with microvascular complications. Our data support use of an HbA(1c) cut-off point of between 6.6 and 7.0% in diagnosing diabetes. Cut-off points in this range were best for the identification of individuals with mild and moderate retinopathy. Any retinopathy, chronic kidney disease, albuminuria and peripheral neuropathy are less well detected at these cut-off points. FAU - Sabanayagam, C
Comparison of methods for urinary albumin determination in patients with type 1 diabetes.; We tested the correlation of the albumin-to-creatinine ratio (A/C) in an early-morning urine sample, measured with a commercial kit (DCA 2000), with the conventional immunoturbidimetric determination in the laboratory and with overnight albumin excretion rate (reference method). Fifty-five type 1 diabetic adolescents had their first-morning urine collected on the 1st and 8th day of the period. Urinary albumin and creatinine were determined immediately using the DCA 2000 kit. Samples were also stored for laboratory analysis. To evaluate the correlation between early-morning urinary A/C ratio and overnight albumin excretion rate, 16 subjects had a timed overnight urine collection. A/C ratios determined with the DCA 2000 kit and by the laboratory method were 13.1 +/- 20.5 and 20.4 +/- 46.3 mg/g, respectively. A/C results by both methods proved to be strongly correlated (r = 0.98, P<0.001). DCA 2000-determined A/C showed 50% sensitivity and 100% specificity when compared to the reference method. Spot urinary A/C of the subset of 16 subjects significantly correlated with their overnight albumin excretion rate (r = 0.98, P<0.001). Intraindividual variation ranged from 17 to 32% and from 9 to 63% for A/C and overnight albumin excretion rate, respectively. In conclusion, an early-morning specimen should be used instead of timed overnight urine and the A/C ratio is an accurate, reliable and easily determined parameter for the screening of diabetic nephropathy. Immediate measurement of the A/C ratio is feasible using the DCA 2000 kit. Intraindividual variability indicates the need for repeated determinations to confirm microalbuminuria and the diagnosis of incipient diabetic nephropathy. FAU - Khawali, C
Multicentric validation of proteomic biomarkers in urine specific for diabetic nephropathy.; BACKGROUND: Urine proteome analysis is rapidly emerging as a tool for diagnosis and prognosis in disease states. For diagnosis of diabetic nephropathy (DN), urinary proteome analysis was successfully applied in a pilot study. The validity of the previously established proteomic biomarkers with respect to the diagnostic and prognostic potential was assessed on a separate set of patients recruited at three different European centers. In this case-control study of 148 Caucasian patients with diabetes mellitus type 2 and duration ≥5 years, cases of DN were defined as albuminuria >300 mg/d and diabetic retinopathy (n = 66). Controls were matched for gender and diabetes duration (n = 82). METHODOLOGY/PRINCIPAL FINDINGS: Proteome analysis was performed blinded using high-resolution capillary electrophoresis coupled with mass spectrometry (CE-MS). Data were evaluated employing the previously developed model for DN. Upon unblinding, the model for DN showed 93.8% sensitivity and 91.4% specificity, with an AUC of 0.948 (95% CI 0.898-0.978). Of 65 previously identified peptides, 60 were significantly different between cases and controls of this study. In <10% of cases and controls classification by proteome analysis not entirely resulted in the expected clinical outcome. Analysis of patient's subsequent clinical course revealed later progression to DN in some of the false positive classified DN control patients. CONCLUSIONS: These data provide the first independent confirmation that profiling of the urinary proteome by CE-MS can adequately identify subjects with DN, supporting the generalizability of this approach. The data further establish urinary collagen fragments as biomarkers for diabetes-induced renal damage that may serve as earlier and more specific biomarkers than the currently used urinary albumin. FAU - Alkhalaf, Alaa
Nephropathy in patients with recently diagnosed type 2 diabetes mellitus in black Africans.; BACKGROUND: Albuminuria is long recognised as a sign of renal disease in diabetes. In type 1 diabetes, renal disease occurs after a longer duration of diabetic state. In type 2 diabetes, it is more variable. OBJECTIVE: To determine the prevalence and any risk factors of albuminuria in short-term (< or = 2 yrs) type 2 diabetes. DESIGN: Cross sectional, descriptive study. Microalbuminuria was assessed using micro II strips. SETTING: Outpatient diabetic clinic at Kenyatta National Hospital, Nairobi. SUBJECTS: Patients who were newly diagnosed or had had type 2 diabetes for two years or less. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Microalbuminuria, lipids, glycated haemoglobin, fasting blood glucose and blood pressure. RESULTS: One hundred and thirty nine patients who had type 2 diabetes mellitus for < or = 2 yrs were seen, but only 100 patients were included in the study over a six month period. Their mean (SD) age was 53.7 (9.3) years. Mean (SD) duration of diabetes was 10.3 (7.5) months. Fifty per cent of the study patients were hypertensive. Only 48% had HbA1c < 8% while 36% had HbA1c > 9%. The lipid profile of total, LDL-HDL-cholesterol and triglycerides were predominantly within normal limits. Twenty six per cent were established to have albuminuria of which one patient had macroalbuminuria. Blood pressure, glycated haemoglobin and lipid parameters were not significantly different from patients without albuminuria CONCLUSION: Albuminuria occurred in a significant proportion of patients with short term type 2 diabetes. Comparable to studies done elsewhere on short-term type 2 diabetes, albuminuria is both a sign of nephropathy and a cardiovascular risk factor. It should be looked for in all patients with type 2 diabetes attending this clinic, even at diagnosis. FAU - Wanjohi, F W
Screening for diabetic microalbuminuria in routine clinical care: which method?; The measurement of albumin/creatinine ratios and simple albumin concentrations in early morning urine specimens were evaluated to establish which was the best screening test for those likely to have microalbuminuria by the reference standard analysis of timed overnight urine specimens. The measurement of an albumin/creatinine ratio with a cut off of > or = 2.0 mg/mmol was found to be suitable with a specificity of 93% and sensitivity of 97%. FAU - Shield, J P
Clinical significance of microalbuminuria and evaluation of the Micral-Test.; Microalbuminuria is defined as excretion of albumin between 20 and 200 micrograms/min. Persistent microalbuminuria indicates a high probability of damage to the glomerular filtration capacity of the kidney and is of great diagnostic relevance: (a) in diabetes, for early diagnosis of diabetic nephropathy; (b) in patients with hypertension, as an indicator of end-organ damage associated with a lowered life expectancy; (c) in pregnancy, as a possible predictor of developing preeclampsia. For screening, a concentration of 20-200 mg/L of albumin in the first morning urine has been proven to be a suitable indicator. The Micral-Test is a test strip now available that makes a semiquantitative assessment of the albumin concentration in the urine at various levels (0, 10, 20, 50, 100 mg/L). Many studies have shown that the sensitivity and specificity of the test strip is 90% or higher in urine containing elevated albumin concentrations. Furthermore, it was shown that there is no influence on the measurement from interfering factors such as glucose concentration, pH value, ketonuria, storage of the sample, or bacterial contamination in the urine. The Micral-Test offers a simple, exact, and with respect to interference effects, a robust testing method for the semiquantitative assessment of albumin concentration in the urine. FAU - Hasslacher, C
Amiloride-sensitive Na+/H+ exchange in erythrocytes of patients with NIDDM: a prospective study.; Intensive treatment of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) decreases the rate of microvascular complications, but is associated with increased incidence of cardiovascular morbidity. Enhanced permeability of plasma membranes for sodium (e.g. sodium-hydrogen exchange, NHE) may predict the subset of diabetic patients for whom intensive modalities of treatment are indicated despite their potential risk. However, the accuracy of NHE as a marker of microangiopathy has not been assessed. In this study NHE as initial velocity of amiloride-inhibited H+ efflux from erythrocytes (pHi 6.35-6.45) into an Na(+)-containing medium (pHo 7.95-8.05), was estimated during 8 years of follow-up in 138 non-microalbuminuric diabetic patients (74 women, 64 men, age 52 +/- 4 years) treated with antihyperglycaemic drugs for 14 +/- 2 years. Appearance of microalbuminuria, overt proteinuria, azotaemia and retinopathy was assessed annually. Enhanced erythrocyte NHE predicted diabetic nephropathy alone and in association with a family history of hypertension and/or nephropathy with a sensitivity of 86 and 93%, respectively. No association was found between NHE and retinopathy in NIDDM. It is concluded that assessment of erythrocyte NHE can identify a subset of patients likely to develop renal damage, for whom an aggressive treatment approach might be considered. FAU - Koren, W
A further investigation on a MALDI-based method for evaluation of markers of renal damage.; The validity of the urinary protein profile to characterize the pathological states of diabetic, nephropathic and diabetic-nephropathic patients was considered on the basis of previously obtained results by MALDI/MS, showing a different abundance ratio of the collagen alpha1 and alpha5 chain precursor fragments at m/z 1219 and 2049 and of the uromodulin precursor fragment at m/z 1912 observed in healthy subjects and patients; a larger number of subjects was examined and the obtained results were statistically evaluated. The p values related to the observed differences indicate that they are statistically significant when comparing all patients versus healthy controls, diabetic with normo or microalbuminuria versus nephropathic with advanced renal disease patients and diabetic with normo or microalbuminuria versus diabetic with advanced nephropathy patients. The scatter plot matrix gives evidence of the strict inverse relationship between the abundances of ions at m/z 1912 and 1219, the correlation coefficient being particularly high (r = 0.921, p < 0.001). The relationship between the true positive rate (sensitivity) and false positive rate (1-specificity) for every possible cutoff value in abundance of the considered ionic species was investigated through the receiver-operating characteristic (ROC) curve. The obtained data indicate that a good differentiation of nephropathic patients with advanced renal disease and diabetic patients with advanced nephropathy versus healthy subjects can be easily obtained by this approach.
Increased left ventricular mass index and nocturnal systolic blood pressure in patients with Type 2 diabetes mellitus and microalbuminuria.; AIMS: To compare left ventricular mass (LVM) index and function in patients with Type 2 diabetes mellitus with and without microalbuminuria and to investigate the clinical determinants of left ventricular hypertrophy. METHODS: Echocardiography, electrocardiography and 24-h ambulatory blood pressure monitoring were performed in microalbuminuric (n = 29) and normoalbuminuric (n = 29) patients with Type 2 diabetes and no clinical evidence of heart disease. Groups were individually matched for age, sex and diabetes duration and smoking status. RESULTS: LVM index (62 (34-87) vs. 52 (33-89) g/m2.7, P = 0.04) and LVH prevalence, using two out of three definitions, were greater in patients with microalbuminuria (LVM/height2.7: 72 vs. 59%, P = 0.27, LVM/height: 66 vs. 38%, P = 0.04, LVM/body surface area: 59 vs. 31%, P = 0.03). Night-time systolic blood pressure (126 (99-163) vs. 120 (104-157) mmHg, P = 0.005) and the night/day systolic blood pressure ratio (0.92 (0.08) vs. 0.88 (0.06), P = 0.04) were higher in those with microalbuminuria. Systolic and diastolic function were similar in both groups. Linear regression analyses showed that body mass index (BMI) was significantly related to loge LVM index (R2 = 11.8%, P = 0.005) and a relationship with night/day systolic blood pressure was also suggested (R2 = 4.6%, P = 0.057). CONCLUSIONS: In patients with Type 2 diabetes, LVH is more common and severe in those with microalbuminuria. Its presence may be related to raised night/day systolic blood pressure ratio and is significantly related to BMI. The high prevalence of LVH strengthens the case for echocardiographic screening in Type 2 diabetes to identify high risk patients who might benefit from aggressive cardiovascular risk factor intervention. FAU - Rutter, M K
How effective are screening tests for microalbuminuria in random urine specimens?; The effectiveness of four urine screening tests-microalbumin (MAlb), total protein (TProt), total protein/creatinine ratio (TProt/Cr R), and dipstick (DPalb) test for albumin-were evaluated for the detection of MAlb in random urine specimens. The following criteria were used to assess the effectiveness of each urine screening test: 100% specificity (no false positive results); cost effectiveness; rapidity and ease of performing the screening test; and increased laboratory efficiency. A "gold standard" for presence of MAlb in random urine samples was defined as a microalbumin/creatinine ratio (MAlb/Cr R) of > or = 30 mg/g. The least costly urine screening test was the DPalb, which, if assigned a value of 1.0, allowed a cost ranking order for the screening tests-DPalb (1.0) < urine TProt (1.03) < urine TProt/Cr R (2.1) < urine MAlb (7.0). Two hundred urine samples from diabetic inpatients and outpatients were tested. Only two screening tests--MAlb and DPalb--achieved 100% specificity without increasing laboratory costs (small net savings), whereas the other two screening tests--TProt and TProt/Cr R-only achieved 100% specificity with increased laboratory costs. Theoretical prevalence rate analysis showed that urine MAlb screening would be effective at all prevalence rates for overt nephropathy. TProt and DPalb urine screening testing would be most effective in populations with prevalence rates of > or = 15% for overt nephropathy. The TProt/Cr R ratio would only be effective in populations with prevalence rates of > or = 30%. Of the four urine screening tests, only DPalb would significantly streamline the process of measuring urine MAlb. The dipstick test is inexpensive, easy and rapid to perform, does not delay measuring the ratio, since there is no wait for the screening test result, and can be used by referring laboratories to screen urine specimens before they are submitted to a central laboratory, thereby reducing laboratory workload. FAU - Lum, G
Microalbuminuria is positively associated with usual dietary saturated fat intake and negatively associated with usual dietary protein intake in people with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Microalbuminuria has a cumulative incidence of > 30% in persons by 25 y duration of insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) and is a strong predictor of renal disease and mortality. Although improved glycemic control, maintenance of normal blood pressure, and use of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors are important strategies to avoid developing microalbuminuria, dietary macronutrient intake may also play a role. A cross-sectional population-based study of Tasmanian adults with IDDM and no previous diagnosis of microalbuminuria was conducted by measuring usual dietary macronutrient intake with a food-frequency questionnaire and defining microalbuminuria as an average urinary albumin excretion rate between 20 and 200 micrograms albumin/min in at least two of three timed overnight urine collections. After sex, age, duration of diabetes, daily number of insulin injections, body mass index, glycated hemoglobin, serum high-density-lipoprotein cholesterol, frequency of exercise, and smoking status were adjusted for, the adjusted odds ratio for microalbuminuria for the highest quintile of energy-adjusted usual saturated fat intake compared with the lowest quintile was 4.9 (95% CI: 1.2, 20.0; P = 0.03). The adjusted odds ratio for microalbuminuria for the highest quintile of energy-adjusted usual protein intake compared with the lowest quintile was 0.10 (95% CI: 0.02, 0.56; P = 0.01). There was no significant association between microalbuminuria and energy-adjusted carbohydrate intake, energy-adjusted monounsaturated fat intake, or energy-adjusted polyunsaturated fat intake. FAU - Riley, M D
Acute-phase markers of inflammation and glomerular structure in patients with type 2 diabetes.; Type 2 diabetes is frequently associated with an inflammatory status; the relationships between low-grade inflammation and diabetic nephropathy are still unclear. The aim of this study was to evaluate the relationships between acute-phase markers of inflammation, glomerular structure, and albumin excretion rate (AER) in type 2 diabetes. In 74 patients with type 2 diabetes (23 normoalbuminuric, 30 microalbuminuric, and 21 proteinuric) fibrinogen, serum amyloid A protein (SAA), C-reactive protein (CRP), and IL-6 were determined. AER was measured on three 24-h urine collections; GFR was measured by 51Cr EDTA plasma clearance. A kidney biopsy was performed, and mesangial fractional volume [Vv(mes/glom)] and glomerular basement membrane (GBM) width were estimated by electron microscopic morphometric analysis. CRP, fibrinogen, SAA, and IL-6 differed among groups, with proteinuric patients having the highest levels. SAA and fibrinogen correlated with AER (P < 0.03 and P < 0.001, respectively). GBM width and Vv(mes/glom) increased from normoalbuminuric to proteinuric patients [P < 0.005 normoalbuminuric and microalbuminuric versus proteinuric for GBM, P < 0.01 normoalbuminuric versus proteinuric for Vv(mes/glom)]. In patients with increased GBM width (> 396 nm), CRP, SAA, and IL-6 were higher than in patients with normal GBM width (P < 0.003, P < 0.004, and P < 0.0004, respectively). GBM width was directly correlated with fibrinogen (r = 0.33, P < 0.002) and IL-6 (r = 0.25 P < 0.05). In conclusion, this study demonstrates that acute-phase markers of inflammation are associated with nephropathy status and GBM thickening, suggesting a role for inflammation in the pathogenesis of diabetic glomerulopathy. FAU - Dalla Vestra, Michele
Longitudinal study of urinary albumin excretion in young diabetic patients--Wessex Diabetic Nephropathy Project.; AIMS: This study was established to follow changes in albumin/creatinine ratio (ACR) and to determine the prevalence and degree of progression of microalbuminuria (MA) or of clinical proteinuria (CP) in children with Type 1 diabetes. The study has investigated subjects for up to 12 years in establishing the correlation between MA and gender, age, duration of diabetes and glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c). The study has defined clinical cut-offs for MA in daytime clinic urine samples in young diabetic subjects. METHODS: Three hundred and sixty-one patients were involved in the study, with 221 (61.2%) having over six sets of data. Urine samples were collected at routine annual clinic visits and analysed without prior freezing for ACR. Blood samples were taken for HbA1c measurement. Data including sex, age and duration of diabetes were recorded. RESULTS: A random clinic ACR of < 4.5 mg/mmol (males) and 5.2 mg/mmol (females) creatinine was used as the 'clinical cut-off' to define the presence of MA. The presence of MA was independent of HbA1c and duration of diabetes but appeared be associated with the adolescent years (> 10 years). There was little evidence of progression from normoalbuminuria to MA, or from MA to CP. Of patients aged 10-18 years, 30.9% of males and 40.4% of females had one or more episodes of MA. CONCLUSIONS: Persistent MA and random episodes of MA or CP may be associated with the adolescent years but not with duration of diabetes. Further study will reveal if the substantial increases in ACR sometimes seen during adolescence are predictive of diabetic nephropathy. Clinical cut-offs of < 4.5 and < 5.2 mg/mmol creatinine for males and females, respectively, are suggested for the interpretation of changes in ACR in random urine samples in young people with Type 1 diabetes. FAU - Twyman, S
Screening for microalbuminuria by use of microproteinuria.; We aimed to develop a reliable, low cost method to assess the early stages of renal impairment in diabetes, for use in high-risk populations in countries with limited resources. We evaluated a trichloroacetic acid (TCA) turbidimetric method for microproteinuria screening in patients with diabetes. The method was compared with an immunoturbidimetric procedure for the detection of microalbumuniuria. Both methods performed within limits of allowable uncertainty based on inter- and intra-individual variation. A urinary albumin/creatinine ratio of 3.0 g/mol, assumed as diagnostic of microalbuminuria, was found to correlate with a cut-off value of 24 mg/L for microproteinuria. The clinical sensitivity and specificity of the TCA method determined against this ratio were 86% and 90% respectively. The reliability and practicability of the TCA method renders it suitable for the detection of early stage renal damage, with emphasis on screening high-risk populations in countries with limited resources. FAU - Khatami, Z
The predictive value of albuminuria for cardiovascular and renal disease. A 5-year follow-up study of 476 patients with type I diabetes mellitus.; A 5-year follow-up study of 476 type I adult diabetic patients previously studied cross sectionally revealed that, during the observation period, 19 patients died and 30 developed cardiovascular or renal disease, such as myocardial infarction (n = 8), cerebrovascular disease (n = 3), amputation (n = 6), and renal insufficiency (n = 13). The patients were registered by one and the most-severe event only. The yearly death rate was 8.0 per 1000, compared with the expected death rate of 2.0 for people with corresponding age and sex in the general population. In patients with renal insufficiency, one also had myocardial infarction, and one had had an amputation. The ages of patients who died, with myocardial infarction, cerebrovascular disease, amputation, or renal insufficiency, were 44.2 +/- 12.7, 41.3 +/- 6.6, 43.7 +/- 13.2, 45.3 +/- 15.7, and 40.8 +/- 9.8 years, respectively. Urinary albumin concentration in a single early morning urine sample was found to be a strong prognostic marker for the development of cardiovascular disease or death. In contrast, age, gender, age at onset and duration of diabetes, levels of blood pressure, serum creatinine, and HbA1c, or presence of hypertension, as well as changes in blood pressure and hBa1c, during the observation period did not influence the survival or incidence of cardiovascular disease. However, blood pressure and HbA1c were associated with increased urinary albumin concentrations during the follow-up period. FAU - Torffvit, O
Microalbuminuria in patients with essential hypertension and its relationship to target organ damage: an Indian experience.; Persistent microalbuminuria (MA) is the earliest indicator of chronic kidney disease (CKD) in patients with diabetes mellitus and hypertension. Patients with MA have high risk for target organ damage (TOD) resulting in stroke, retinopathy and adverse cardiovascular events. Though the prevalence of hypertension is high in India, the relationship between MA and TOD in hypertension is not well studied. To address this issue, this study was conducted at the Kottayam Medical College, Kerala, South India, between May 2005 and October 2006. The principal aim was to find out the prevalence of MA and its relationship to TOD in patients with essential hypertension. A total of 150 hypertensives without diabetes mellitus and/or other conditions causing MA were studied. Urine albumin-creatinine ratio (ACR) was assessed and MA was defined as albumin excretion between 30-300 mg/day. The relationship of MA with the duration, severity and previous treatment of hypertension, body mass index (BMI), lipid profile and TOD's like left ventricular hypertrophy (LVH), hypertensive retinopathy and stroke was assessed by univariate analysis. Forty patients (26.67%) were found to have MA of whom 24 were males and 16 were females. MA was significantly higher in those with longer duration and greater severity of hypertension (p < 0.001 in each). Older age (p < 0.001), adverse lipid profile (p < 0.01) and higher BMI (p < 0.04) were the other identifiable risk factors for MA. Gender and history of smoking did not pose higher risk for MA. Stroke (OR=3.8), echocardiography-proven LVH (OR=9.42) and hypertensive retinopathy (OR=9.7) were significantly higher in those with MA. In conclusion, the prevalence of MA in essential hypertension is high and patients with MA have high odds for developing TOD like stroke, LVH and hypertensive retinopathy. Early screening of hypertensives for MA and prompt treatment of positive cases might reduce the burden of CKD and cardiovascular disease in the community. FAU - Hitha, B
Proteinuria as a predictor of total plasma homocysteine levels in type 2 diabetic nephropathy.; OBJECTIVE: Patients with diabetes who manifest proteinuria are at increased risk for cardiovascular events. Some studies suggest that proteinuria exerts its cardiovascular effects at least partly through a positive association with total plasma homocysteine (tHcy). Modestly sized but better designed contrary studies find no such link through a limited range of serum creatinine and proteinuria. We tested the hypothesis that proteinuria independently predicts tHcy levels in a larger cohort of type 2 diabetic patients with nephropathy throughout a much broader range of kidney disease and proteinuria. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Baseline data for the cross-sectional study were obtained from 717 patients enrolled in the multicenter Irbesartan Diabetic Nephropathy Trial. All subjects had type 2 diabetes, hypertension, and proteinuria and were between 29 and 78 years of age. Data included age, sex, BMI, serum creatinine and albumin, LDL and HDL cholesterol, triglyceride, proteinuria and albuminuria, plasma folate, B12, and pyridoxal 5'-phosphate (PLP) (the active form of B6), HbA(1c), and tHcy levels. Unadjusted and multivariable models were used in the analysis. RESULTS: Crude analyses revealed significant associations between tHcy and age (r = 0.074; P = 0.008), creatinine (r = 0.414; P < 0.001), PLP (r = -0.105; P = 0.021), B12 (r = -0.216; P < 0.001), folate (r = -0.241; P < 0.001), and HbA(1c) (r = -0.119; P = 0.003), with serum albumin approaching significance (r = 0.055; P = 0.072). Only serum creatinine, plasma folate, B12, serum albumin, sex, HbA(1c), and age were independent predictors of tHcy after controlling for all other variables. CONCLUSIONS: By finding no independent correlation between proteinuria (or albuminuria) and tHcy levels, this study improves the external validity of previous negative findings. Therefore, it is unlikely that the observed positive association between proteinuria and cardiovascular disease is directly related to hyperhomocysteinemia. FAU - Friedman, Allon N
Imatinib attenuates diabetic nephropathy in apolipoprotein E-knockout mice.; In the diabetic kidney, clinical as well as experimental observations have shown an upregulation of growth factors such as PDGF. These studies, however, were not designed to address whether upregulation of PDGF is merely a manifestation of diabetic renal injury or whether PDGF plays an active role in the pathophysiology of diabetic nephropathy. The objectives of this study were first to assess whether PDGF-dependent pathways are involved in the development of diabetic nephropathy and second to determine the effects of PDGF receptor antagonism on this disorder and associated molecular and cellular processes. This study used the diabetic apolipoprotein E-knockout (apoE-KO) mouse, a recently described model of accelerated diabetic nephropathy. Diabetes was induced by injection of streptozotocin in 6-wk-old apoE-KO mice. Diabetic animals received treatment with a tyrosine kinase inhibitor that inhibits PDGF action, imatinib (STI-571, 10 mg/kg per d orally) or no treatment for 20 wk. Nondiabetic apoE-KO mice served as controls. This model of accelerated renal disease with albuminuria as well as glomerular and tubulointerstitial injury was associated with increased renal expression of PDGF-B, proliferating cells, and alpha-smooth muscle actin-positive cells. Furthermore, there was increased accumulation of type I and type IV collagen as well as macrophage infiltration. Imatinib treatment ameliorated both renal functional and structural parameters of diabetes as well as overexpression of a number of growth factors, collagens, proliferating cells, alpha-smooth muscle actin-positive cells, and macrophage infiltration within the kidney. Tyrosine kinase inhibition with imatinib seems to retard the development of experimental diabetic nephropathy. FAU - Lassila, Markus
Silent cerebral infarction is associated with the development and progression of nephropathy in patients with type 2 diabetes.; Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is an important risk factor for cardiovascular disease in patients with diabetes. The relationship between renal manifestations of CKD (albuminuria and decreased glomerular filtration rate) and silent cerebral infarction (SCI) has attracted attention; however, most studies examined the effects of components of CKD on prevalence of SCI. We sought to assess the relationship between SCI and the development and progression of nephropathy in type 2 diabetic patients. We studied 366 type 2 diabetic patients with normoalbuminuria (urinary albumin-to-creatinine ratio [ACR] <30 mg g(-1), N=246) or microalbuminuria (ACR=30-299 mg g(-1), N=120). SCI was defined by cranial MRI. The primary end point was progression from normo- to microalbuminuria or from micro- to macroalbuminuria. The cumulative incidence of the primary end point was estimated using the Kaplan-Meier method. Risk estimates for reaching the end point were calculated using Cox proportional hazard model analyses. During a median follow-up period of 3.9 years, 23 normoalbuminuric and 24 microalbuminuric patients reached the primary end point. Patients with SCI (N=171) had a greater incidence of reaching the end point than those without SCI (N=195, P=0.020 by the log-rank test), with a hazard ratio of 2.02 (95% confidence interval=1.09-3.72, P=0.025) in the multivariate Cox regression model. Although the common pathogenesis of SCI and albuminuria in diabetic patients is still unclear, SCI may be a predictor of progression of nephropathy in type 2 diabetic patients. FAU - Bouchi, Ryotaro
A sensitized screen of N-ethyl-N-nitrosourea-mutagenized mice identifies dominant mutants predisposed to diabetic nephropathy.; Diabetic nephropathy (DN) is a late diabetic complication that comprises progressively increasing albuminuria, declining GFR, and increased cardiovascular risk. Only a minority of patients with diabetes (25 to 40%) develop nephropathy, and there is evidence that heritable genetic factors predispose these "at-risk" individuals to DN. Comparing variability among inbred mouse strains with respect to a specific phenotype can model interhuman variability, and each strain represents a genetically homogeneous system with a defined risk for nephropathy. C57BL/6 mice, which are relatively resistant to DN, were mutagenized using N-ethyl-N-nitrosourea and screened for mutants that developed excess albuminuria on a sensitizing type 1 diabetic background contributed by the dominant Akita mutation in insulin-2 gene (Ins2(Akita)). Two of 375 diabetic G1 founders were found to exhibit albumin excretion rates persistently 10-fold greater than albumin excretion rates in nonmutagenized Ins2(Akita) controls. This albuminuria trait was heritable and transmitted to approximately 50% of Ins2(Akita) G2 and G3 progeny, consistent with a simple, dominantly inherited trait, but was never observed in nondiabetic offspring. During the course of 1 yr, albuminuric Ins2(Akita) G2 and G3 progeny developed reduced inulin clearance with elevated blood urea nitrogen and plasma creatinine. Glomerular histology revealed mesangial expansion, and glomerular basement membrane thickening as determined by electron microscopy was enhanced in diabetic mutant kidneys. Hereditary albuminuric N-ethyl-N-nitrosourea-induced mutants were redesignated as Nphrp1 (nephropathy1) and Nphrp2 (nephropathy2) mice for two generated lines. These novel mutants provide new, robust mouse models of DN and should help to elucidate the underlying genetic basis of predisposition to DN. FAU - Tchekneva, Elena E
A nation-wide cross-sectional study of urinary albumin excretion rate, arterial blood pressure and blood glucose control in Danish children with type 1 diabetes mellitus. Danish Study Group of Diabetes in Childhood.; Nation-wide screening for microalbuminuria in Denmark was performed in 22 paediatric departments treating children with Type 1 diabetes. Over a period of 6 months 1020 children (less than or equal to 12 years) and adolescents (greater than 12 to 19 years) were screened (81% of total). Of these, 957 (94%) performed at least two timed overnight urine collections. In 209 non-diabetic subjects the upper 95% limit for normal albumin excretion rate (AER) was 20 micrograms min-1. Mean overnight AER was significantly (p less than 0.001) elevated in diabetic (3.0 x/divided by 2.3 (SD tolerance factor) micrograms min-1) and in non-diabetic (2.5 x/divided by 2.2 micrograms min-1) adolescents compared with diabetic (1.7 x/divided by 2.1 micrograms min-1) and non-diabetic (1.3 x/divided by 2.2 micrograms min-1) children. In the diabetic patients AER was positively correlated with the body surface area and age. Among the patients with Type 1 diabetes, 4.3% (18 males and 23 females) had AER greater than 20 to 150 micrograms min-1 (persistent microalbuminuria). A further 7 adolescents (0.7%) had overt proteinuria (greater than 150 micrograms min-1). Clinical data for the 41 diabetic patients with AER greater than 20 to 150 micrograms min-1 were compared with those for 569 diabetic adolescents with AER less than or equal to 20 micrograms min-1 and duration of diabetes more than 2 years. The group with AER greater than 20 to 150 micrograms min-1 had significantly higher mean age (16.5 years) than the group with AER less than or equal to 20 micrograms min-1 (15.0 years; p less than 0.001). Females with AER greater than 20 to 150 micrograms min-1 had significantly higher mean HbA1c level (10.8 +/- 1.9%) than those with AER less than or equal to 20 micrograms min-1 (9.8 +/- 1.9%, p less than 0.003); they also had impaired linear growth (standard deviation score -0.25 vs + 0.16; p = 0.003). These associations were not found in males. Mean body mass index (BMI) was significantly increased in both females (22.2 +/- 2.9 kg m-2) and males (20.8 +/- 2.7 kg m-2) with AER greater than 20 to 150 micrograms min-1, compared with diabetic patients with AER less than or equal to 20 micrograms min-1 (females 20.8 +/- 3.0 kg m-2, p = 0.02; males 19.7 +/- 2.4 kg m-2, p less than 0.006).(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 400 WORDS) FAU - Mortensen, H B
Predictors of renal morphological changes in the early stage of microalbuminuria in adolescents with IDDM.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the impact of glycemic control, blood pressure, lipid levels, glomerular filtration rate (GFR), age, and duration of IDDM on the degree of structural glomerular changes in the transitional stage of microalbuminuria. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Fifteen adolescents (seven boys and eight girls) with > 5 years of duration of IDDM and with low-grade microalbuminuria (15-30 micrograms/min) participated. Seventeen living kidney donors served as healthy control subjects. Five-year mean HbA1c; 5-year mean systolic and diastolic blood pressure; GFR, cholesterol, and triglycerides 2-5 years before renal biopsy; age; and duration of IDDM were investigated and related to basement membrane thickness (BMT), mesangial and matrix volume fractions, and the overall glomerulopathy index [(BMT/10 + mat/glom, %) + matrix star volume]. RESULTS: BMT and the overall diabetic glomerulopathy were increased in diabetic patients as compared with control subjects (P < 0.001), whereas matrix volume fraction, but not mesangial volume fraction, tended to be increased (P = 0.11). In multivariate analysis, BMT was predicted by 5-year mean HbA1c, diabetes duration, and previous GFR (R2 = 0.71, P = 0.003). With matrix volume fraction as the dependent variable, BMT and diabetes duration were the only significant determinants (R2 = 0.63, P = 0.003). Diabetes duration, 5-year mean HbA1c, and GFR were the variables with an independent influence on the overall diabetic glomerulopathy index (R2 = 0.72, P = 0.003). Preceding blood pressure and lipid levels or age had no significant independent influence on these morphometric measures. CONCLUSIONS: In the very early stage of microalbuminuria in IDDM adolescents, a high percentage of the variation in BMT and overall severity of glomerulopathy is explained by prolonged hyperglycemia and diabetes duration. Previous glomerular hyperfiltration may also add to the prediction of these morphological changes. FAU - Rudberg, S
Asian multicenter trials on urinary type IV collagen in patients with diabetic nephropathy.; To investigate the changes of renal type IV collagen turnover in diabetic nephropathy, urinary type IV collagen was measured by a highly sensitive one-step sandwich enzyme immunoassay (EIA). Urinary samples were obtained from 698 diabetic patients and 191 healthy adults. Among the patients, 264 had urinary albumin levels of less than 29 mg/g.creatine (Cr) (Stage I: normoalbuminuric stage), 169 had microalbuminuria from 30 to 299 mg/g.Cr (Stage II: microalbuminuric stage), 84 patients had macroalbuminuria of more than 300 mg/g.Cr and serum Cr of less than 1.1 mg/dl (Stage IIIA: macroalbuminuric stage without renal dysfunction), 97 had macroalbuminuria of more than 300 mg/g.Cr and serum Cr of more than 1.2 mg/dl (Stage IIIB: macroalbuminuric stage with renal dysfunction), and 84 had renal failure (Stage IV). The levels of urinary type IV collagen in Stages II, IIIA, IIIB, and IV were significantly higher than those in Stage I (P < 0.0001). The level of urinary type IV collagen in Stage I (5.00 +/- 0.23 microg/g.Cr; mean +/- SE) was also higher than that in normal adults (3.44 +/- 0.11 microg/g.Cr; mean +/- SE). These levels increased gradually due to progression of the clinical stage of diabetic nephropathy. It appears that the levels of urinary type IV collagen can be a useful marker for detecting renal injuries in diabetes according to our Asian multicenter trials.
Risk factors for microvascular complications of diabetes among South Indian subjects with type 2 diabetes--the Chennai Urban Rural Epidemiology Study (CURES) Eye Study-5.; BACKGROUND: This study assessed the relationship between and risk factors for microvascular complications of diabetes in an urban South Indian type 2 diabetes population. METHODS: Subjects with diabetes (n = 1,736) were selected from the population-based Chennai Urban Rural Epidemiology Study (CURES) Eye Study conducted on a representative population of Chennai city in south India. Four-field stereo retinal color photography was done, and diabetic retinopathy (DR) was classified according to the Early Treatment DR Study grading system. Neuropathy was diagnosed if the vibratory perception threshold of the big toe using biothesiometry was ≥ 20V. Overt nephropathy was diagnosed if the subjects had persistent macroalbuminuria (urinary albumin excretion ≥ 300 μg/mg of creatinine) and microalbuminuria if it was between 30 and 299 μg/mg of creatinine. Among the 1,715 subjects with gradable fundus photographs, 1,608 individuals who had information on all test parameters were included. RESULTS: Overall, DR was present in 282 (17.5%), neuropathy in 414 (25.7%), overt nephropathy in 82 (5.1%), and microalbuminuria in 426 (26.5%) subjects. Eighteen subjects had all three microvascular complications of diabetes. The risk of nephropathy (odds ratio [OR] = 5.3, P<0.0001) and neuropathy (OR = 2.9, P<0.0001) was significantly higher among the subjects with sight-threatening DR compared to those without DR. Common risk factors identified for all the three microvascular complications of diabetes were age, glycated hemoglobin, duration of diabetes, and serum triglycerides. DR was associated with nephropathy after adjusting for age, gender, hemoglobin A1c, systolic blood pressure, serum triglycerides, and duration of diabetes (OR = 2.140, 95% confidence interval = 1.261-3.632, P = 0.005). CONCLUSIONS: This is the first population-based study from India to report on all microvascular complications of diabetes and reveals that the association between DR and nephropathy is stronger than that with neuropathy. FAU - Pradeepa, Rajendra
The reliability of urinary albumin assay by immunonephelometry in the clinical practice. The critical role of medical surveillance on laboratory routine.; Measurement of the urinary albumin excretion rate (UAER) is essential for the early diagnosis and monitoring of diabetic nephropathy; immunonephelometry is a procedure used worldwide for routine screening of diabetic patients. Since we have met with occasional inconsistent values of UAER in serial urine collections, we searched for possible sources of analytic error. To assess the best working conditions of the instrument in use, the stability of urine samples during storage and the need for previous urine centrifugation, we assayed repeatedly the six automatically diluted points of the standard curve (55.6 to 1.7 mg/l), four control samples of human albumin in saline (100 to 1 mg/l) and 24-h urine collections from outpatient diabetic subjects. The last were also assayed with and without previous centrifugation, and both immediately after collection as well as after storage at -20 degrees C for 7, 42, 79, 97, 128 and 161 days. We concluded that: (1) pre-analytic centrifugation of urine samples in unnecessary; (2) the intra-assay coefficient of variation (CV) of the standard curve changed from 2.4% to 9.3% when moving from the highest to the lowest concentration; the inter-assay CV changed from 4.1% to 14.4%, respectively; (3) the intra-assay CV of the control samples (manually prepared) changed from 5.7% to 10.2% and the inter-assay CV from 7.7% to 22.9%; there was a constant and significant (P < 0.01) underestimation (from -9% to -30%) of the obtained values compared with the expected concentrations; (4) a progressive decrease in recovered albumin by multiple freezing and thawing of urine samples did occur, which became significant after 161 days of storage. In the BNA workbook (menu 7.1, assay protocols), a 7-day validity of the reference curve is reported. Moreover, to economize, pre-dilution cuvettes were often recycled in our hospital central laboratory. We observed that: the intra-assay CV for urine samples was 79.4% with recycled cuvettes and stored standard curve, 11.3% with new cuvettes and stored standard curve, 4.9% with both new cuvettes and newly performed standard curve; the inter-assay CV was 32.6%, 10.5% and 6.4%, respectively. These data emphasize, from the laboratory viewpoint, the need for both accurate calibration of BNA and use of native urines; in addition, they stress the importance of careful supervision of laboratory routine and interpreting analytic results in the clinical setting. FAU - Vangelisti, S
Cystatin C, mortality risk and clinical triage in US adults: threshold values and hierarchical importance.; BACKGROUND: It has been suggested that cystatin C may be a superior measure of estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) than creatinine-based methods. We aimed to assess the utility of cystatin C for clinical triage in community-based settings. METHODS: We identified cystatin C thresholds that maximize sensitivity and specificity (Max(Sn + Sp)) for predicting death and subsequently applied classification tree methodology considering serum creatinine, creatinine-based eGFR, urinary albumin-creatinine ratio and conventional modifiable risk factors to define subgroups, interactions and hierarchical ranks in fasting US adults (National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 1988-94, followed through 2006). RESULTS: A threshold cystatin C value of 0.94 mg/L exhibited the best maximum combined value of sensitivity and specificity for predicting death (Max(Sn + Sp), Sn 0.64/Sp 0.78). When all variables were considered jointly in a classification tree, cystatin C and albumin-creatinine ratio were the primary mortality discriminators in subgroups that added up to 41 and 14% of the study population, respectively; serum creatinine and creatinine-based eGFR were non-discriminatory. CONCLUSION: Cystatin C may be useful for risk-based clinical triage in public health settings. FAU - Foley, Robert N
Circadian blood pressure variation in patients with type 2 diabetes--relationship to macro- and microvascular subclinical organ damage.; AIMS: To explore the association between nocturnal blood pressure (BP) dipper status and macro- and microvascular organ damage in type 2 diabetes. METHODS: Cross-sectional data from 663 patients with type 2 diabetes, aged 55-66 years, were analysed. Nurses measured office BP and ambulatory BP during 24h. Individuals with ≥ 10% difference in nocturnal systolic blood pressure (SBP) relative to daytime values were defined as dippers. Non-dippers were defined as <10% nocturnal decrease in SBP. Estimated glomerular filtration rate (GFR) was calculated and microalbuminuria was measured by albumin:creatinine ratio (ACR). Aortic pulse wave velocity (PWV) was measured with applanation tonometry over the carotid and femoral arteries. RESULTS: We identified 433 dippers and 230 subjects with a nocturnal non-dipping pattern. Nocturnal SBP dipping was independently of office SBP associated with decreased PWV (p = 0.008), lower ACR (p = 0.001) and NT-proBNP (p = 0.001) and increased GFR (p<0.001). CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that diurnal BP variation provides further information about early macro- and microvascular subclinical organ damage that goes beyond standardized office BP measurements in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Serum uric acid as a predictor for development of diabetic nephropathy in type 1 diabetes: an inception cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: Experimental and clinical studies have suggested that uric acid may contribute to the development of hypertension and kidney disease. Whether uric acid has a causal role in the development of diabetic nephropathy is not known. The objective of the present study is to evaluate uric acid as a predictor of persistent micro- and macroalbuminuria. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: This prospective observational follow-up study consisted of an inception cohort of 277 patients followed from onset of type 1 diabetes. Of these, 270 patients had blood samples taken at baseline. In seven cases, uric acid could not be determined; therefore, 263 patients (156 men) were available for analysis. Uric acid was measured 3 years after onset of diabetes and before any patient developed microalbuminuria. RESULTS: During a median follow-up of 18.1 years (range 1.0-21.8), 23 of 263 patients developed persistent macroalbuminuria (urinary albumin excretion rate >300 mg/24 h in at least two of three consecutive samples). In patients with uric acid levels in the highest quartile (>249 micromol/l), the cumulative incidence of persistent macroalbumnuria was 22.3% (95% CI 10.3-34.3) compared with 9.5% (3.8-15.2) in patients with uric acid in the three lower quartiles (log-rank test, P = 0.006). In a Cox proportional hazards model with sex and age as fixed covariates, uric acid was associated with subsequent development of persistent macroalbuminuria (hazard ratio 2.37 [95% CI 1.04-5.37] per 100 micromol/l increase in uric acid level; P = 0.04). Adjustment for confounders did not change the estimate significantly. CONCLUSIONS: Uric acid level soon after onset of type 1 diabetes is independently associated with risk for later development of diabetic nephropathy. FAU - Hovind, Peter
Plasma N-terminal pro-B-type natriuretic peptide and mortality in type 2 diabetes.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Raised N-terminal pro-B-type natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP) is associated with a poor cardiac outcome in non-diabetic populations. Elevated NT-proBNP predicts excess morbidity and mortality in diabetic patients with an elevated urinary albumin excretion rate. This study investigated the prognostic value of NT-proBNP in a cohort of type 2 diabetic patients. SUBJECTS, MATERIALS AND METHODS: In a prospective observational follow-up study, 315 type 2 diabetic patients with normoalbuminuria (n=188), microalbuminuria (n=80) and macroalbuminuria (n=47) at baseline were followed for a median (range) of 15.5 (0.2-17.0) years. Plasma NT-proBNP concentrations were determined by immunoassay at baseline. Endpoints were overall and cardiovascular mortality. RESULTS: Of the patients, 162 died (51%), 119 of them (74%) due to cardiovascular causes. All-cause mortality was increased in patients with NT-proBNP in the second and third tertiles (hazard ratios [95% CI] compared with the first tertile, 1.70 [1.08-2.67] and 5.19 [3.43-7.88], p<0.001). These associations persisted after adjustment for urinary albumin excretion rate, glomerular filtration rate and conventional cardiovascular risk factors (covariate adjusted hazard ratios 1.46 [0.91-2.33] and 2.54 [1.56-4.14], p<0.001). This increased mortality was attributable to more cardiovascular deaths in the second and third NT-proBNP tertile (unadjusted hazard ratios 1.63 [0.96-2.77] and 4.88 [3.01-7.91], p<0.001; covariate adjusted 1.37 [0.79-2.37] and 2.26 [1.27-4.02], p=0.01). When patients with normo-, micro- and macroalbuminuria were analysed separately, NT-proBNP levels above the median (62 ng/l) were consistently associated with increased overall and cardiovascular mortality in all three groups (p<0.001). CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: In patients with type 2 diabetes, elevated circulating NT-proBNP is a strong predictor of the excess overall and cardiovascular mortality, this predictor status being independent of urinary albumin excretion rate and conventional cardiovascular risk factors. FAU - Tarnow, L
Utility of untimed urinary albumin measurements in assessing albuminuria in black NIDDM subjects.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the usefulness of an untimed morning urine specimen in screening a black NIDDM population attending an urban diabetes clinic for microalbuminuria. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Untimed morning specimens were provided by 218 black NIDDM subjects. Of the 218 subjects, 123 also provided 24-h urine specimens. The 24-h specimens were assayed for albumin excretion rate (AER) in milligrams per 24 h, and the albumin-to-creatinine ratio (A-to-C) in micrograms per milligram was determined on the untimed morning urine specimen. RESULTS: Correlation between the A-to-C ratio and the 24-h AER was 0.96 (P = 0.0001). In the range of clinical proteinuria, r was 0.92 (P = 0.003, n = 7). In the range of microalbuminuria, r was 0.55 (P = 0.005, n = 26), and in the normal range, r was 0.59 (P < or = 0.0001, n = 90). Analysis of the untimed urine specimens from 218 black NIDDM subjects showed that 171 had A-to-C < 30 micrograms/mg, 38 had A-to-C 30-300 micrograms/mg, and 9 had A-to-C > 300 micrograms/mg. Data were grouped according to duration of NIDDM and the presence or absence of hypertension. None of the newly diagnosed NIDDM patients (< 1 year) (n = 40) had microalbuminuria. The frequency of microalbuminuria and clinical proteinuria increased with 1) duration of NIDDM 5-10 years (odds ratio [OR], 3.39; 95% CI 1.17-9.82),2) duration of NIDDM > 10 years (OR, 11.03; 95% CI 4.16-29.25), and 3) presence of hypertension (OR, 2.59; 95% CI I.20-5.61). CONCLUSIONS: The A-to-C ratio obtained from an untimed morning urine specimen correlates with the AER from a 24-h collection. In black subjects with newly diagnosed NIDDM, microalbuminuria is not present to a significant degree. Duration of NIDDM > 5 years is associated with increased prevalence of microalbuminuria, and hypertension is associated with microalbuminuria and clinical proteinuria in this population. FAU - Chaiken, R L
Coefficient of variation of R-R intervals in electrocardiogram is a sensitive marker of anemia induced by autonomic neuropathy in type 1 diabetes.; The present study investigated the relationship between hemoglobin (Hb) levels and autonomic failure using a sensitive marker, coefficient of variation of R-R intervals in electrocardiogram (CVR-R) in order to clarify a cause of normocytic normochromic anemia in type 1 diabetic patients without overt nephropathy. We recruited 46 patients with type 1 diabetes and measured creatinine clearance (Ccr), HbA1c, albuminuria, Hb levels and CVR-R of all patients. In addition, the status of diabetic retinopathy and neuropathy were also evaluated. Serum erythropoietin (EPO), Fe, total iron binding capacity, lactate dehydrogenase, total bilirubin levels and number of reticulocytes and mean corpuscular volume were also measured to distinguish types of anemia. To survey the statistical correlation existing between Hb and body mass index (BMI), Ccr, HbA1c, albuminuria or retinopathy, multiple regression analysis was performed. Serum EPO, Fe, TIBC, LDH and TB levels and number of reticulocytes and MCV were within normal limits. Multiple regression analysis disclosed that HbA1c, nephropathy evaluated by albuminuria and Ccr, and retinopathy has no concern with Hb level. There is only significant relationship between Hb levels and CVR-R. Similar results were obtained even if we analyzed a group of male and female separately. We conclude that CVR-R has the strong relationship on anemia without overt nephropathy in type 1 diabetes, indicating that autonomic failure contributes on the progression of anemia via a poor response of EPO to anemia. FAU - Saito, Takatoshi
Altered renal function in normoalbuminuric type 2 diabetes.; Altered renal function namely enhanced FE Mg and impaired hemodynamics is observed in normoalbuminuric type 2 diabetes. Since FE Mg correlates directly with tubulointerstitial fibrosis, enhanced FE Mg reflects tubulointerstitial disease even in normoalbuminuric type 2 diabetes. This implies that microalbuminuria is not sensitive to early detect diabetic nephropathy. FAU - Futrakul, Narisa
A simple approach to screening for microalbuminuria in a type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetic population.; The reproducibility of albumin concentration in first-morning samples of urine was assessed in 334 insulin-dependent diabetic patients aged 18-60 years. The albumin excretion rate was determined immunoturbidimetrically in three sterile, Albustix-negative, first-morning urine samples submitted over a week. An abnormally high mean value, greater than or equal to 2.5 mg albumin per mmol creatinine (Ua/Uc), was found in 33 patients (9.9%). These patients were older (mean 42 vs 34 years, P less than 0.01), had longer disease duration (18 vs 14 years, P less than 0.01) and higher HbA1c values (6.8 vs 6.3%, P less than 0.05) than those without microalbuminuria. Although triplicate samples were collected within 7 days, Ua/Uc showed considerable intraindividual variation, with a mean coefficient of variation of 49%. Despite this it was found that Ua/Uc values greater than 1 mg/mmol on the first specimen had a sensitivity of 97% and a specificity of 82% for detecting those with a three-sample mean value greater than 2.5 mg/mmol. Thus virtually all those with microalbuminuria (32/33) had a single first-morning result greater than 1 mg/mmol, and in those with a lower ratio microalbuminuria was excluded with more than 99% certainty. FAU - McHardy, K C
Serum cystatin C advantageous compared with serum creatinine in the detection of mild but not severe diabetic nephropathy.; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether serum cystatin C is more accurate than serum creatinine in the detection of diabetic nephropathy, also after adjustment for age. METHODS: Forty-one patients with type 1 and 82 patients with type 2 diabetes were evaluated with serum creatinine, serum cystatin C, and (51)Cr-EDTA clearance (reference method). Cystatin C was measured by a particle-enhanced turbidimetric method and creatinine by an enzymatic method. Statistical estimations were performed both without and with age adjustment created by z-scores for (51)Cr-EDTA clearance, creatinine, and cystatin C. The cut-off levels for glomerular filtration rate (GFR) ((51)Cr-EDTA clearance) were 60 and 80 mL min(-1) 1.73 m(-2), respectively, in absolute values and 80, 90 and 95% CIs, respectively, in age-adjusted values (z-scores). RESULTS: Estimations without age adjustment showed significantly (P = 0.0132) closer correlation for cystatin C (r = 0.817) versus (51)Cr-EDTA clearance as compared with creatinine (r = 0.678). However, when using age-adjusted values, the correlation for cystatin C and creatinine, respectively, versus (51)Cr-EDTA clearance did not differ. When comparing the diagnostic utilities for serum cystatin C versus serum creatinine in manifest renal impairment (GFR < 60 mL min(-1) 1.73 m(-2) or z-scores <-1.28 SD), there were no significant differences between the two markers whether age adjusted or not. However, for diagnosing mild nephropathy (GFR < 80 mL min(-1) 1.73 m(-2) or z-score -0.84 SD), serum cystatin C is significantly more useful. CONCLUSIONS: Serum cystatin C performed better compared with serum creatinine even when measured enzymatically, to detect mild diabetic nephropathy. However, serum creatinine was as efficient as serum cystatin C to detect advanced diabetic nephropathy. FAU - Christensson, A G
Measurement of the intrarenal arterial resistance index for the identification and prediction of diabetic nephropathy.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: High intrarenal resistance index (RI) predicts renal function in several conditions; its use in the prediction of diabetic nephropathy (DN) is little explored. We aimed (1) to compare RI in diabetic and non diabetic hypertensive patients, and (2) to evaluate whether high RI is associated with clinical signs of DN and its progression over time. DESIGN: observational, prospective. PARTICIPANTS: 92 type 2 diabetic patients and 37 non-diabetic controls aged 40-70, with hypertension and normal renal function. We measured ultrasound RI and, among others, creatinine, estimated glomerular filtration rate and urinary albumin excretion rate (AER) at baseline and after 4.5 years follow-up. Progression of albuminuric state (i.e., transition from baseline normo-microalbuminuria to follow-up micro-macroalbuminuria) was evaluated. RI was significantly higher in diabetic than non-diabetic participants (0.69+/-0.05 vs 0.59+/-0.05, p<0.001). Diabetic patients with RI>or=0.73, i.e., above the 80th percentile of the RI distribution, had significantly higher baseline AER and a more frequent progression of the albuminuric state compared to patients with RI<0.73 (27.7microg/mg [12.1-235.4] vs 15.1microg/mg [8.6-33.4]; 52.9% vs 9.5%, respectively). AER increased significantly from baseline to follow-up in patients with RI>or=0.73 (from 27.7microg/mg [12.1-235.4] to 265.0microg/mg [23.8-1018.1], p<0.01), but not in those with RI<0.73 (from 15.1microg/mg [8.6-33.4] to 16.1microg/mg [10.7-67.2], ns). OR for progression of albuminuric state, adjusted for established predictors of DN, including baseline AER, was 5.01 (1.4-17.7, 95% CI) for patients with RI>or=0.73 vs <0.73. Findings were confirmed in patients with normoalbuminuria at baseline. CONCLUSIONS: In diabetic patients, high RI (>or=0.73) is associated with features of DN and its progression over time, independent of albuminuria. FAU - Masulli, M
Microalbuminuria in diabetic patients: relationship to lipid, glyco-metabolic, coagulation and fibrinolysis parameters.; One hundred and sixteen insulin treated diabetic patients were evaluated for the relationship between the presence of microalbuminuria and several lipid, glyco-metabolic, coagulation and fibrinolysis factors. A significant correlation existed only between microalbuminuria and HbA1c (r = 0.23, p = 0.008) and D-dimer (r = 0.28, p = 0.002). After the subdivision of the patients in a group without (n = 85) and a group with microalbuminuria (n = 31) significant differences were found between these two groups for the HDL-cholesterol content (p less than 0.05), the HbA1c level (p less than 0.01) and for the D-dimer concentration (p less than 0.01). Comparison of the patient groups without and with microalbuminuria separately with a healthy volunteers group without albuminuria resulted in significant differences for HDL-cholesterol, triacylglycerols, HbA1c, fructosamine, fibrin monomer and D-dimer, whereas fibrinogen also was significantly different between the diabetic group without microalbuminuria and the healthy volunteers group. Several factors predisposing for atherosclerosis (decrease of HDL-cholesterol, increase of triacylglycerols, coagulation activation with relatively insufficient fibrinolysis) were noticed in both diabetic groups without or with microalbuminuria, but more pronounced in the latter group. The appliance of a Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC) curve for HbA1c against microalbuminuria (cut-off level 20 micrograms/min) reconfirmed the value of adequate glycaemic control in diabetics for the prevention of microalbuminuria. In conclusion the results of this study show a significantly poorer glycaemic control in insulin treated diabetics with microalbuminuria than in those without microalbuminuria. The presence of lower HDL-cholesterol, higher triacylglycerols and the elevation of fibrin monomers and D-dimers is more pronounced in the microalbuminuria group.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS) FAU - van Wersch, J W
A campaign to raise awareness of microalbuminuria screening.; Both patients with diabetes and health-care professionals need to be aware that diabetes can cause kidney nephropathy. A simple urine test can detect problems with renal function at a very early stage. The DEMAND campaign has involved diabetes clinic nurses in a study to persuade them to perform this test routinely and to encourage patients to request it. FAU - Daly, Heather
The use of the Micral-Test strip to identify the presence of microalbuminuria in people with insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) participating in the EUCLID study.; In IDDM, microalbuminuria (urinary albumin excretion rate (AER) of 20-200 micrograms/min) is a predictor of persistent proteinuria and diabetic nephropathy. Early intervention may prevent or reduce the rate of progression of renal complications. The Micral-Test strip can be used to establish a semi-quantitative estimate of AER. We assessed the field performance of the Micral-Test strip in detecting microalbuminuria in the EUCLID study, an European wide, 18 centre study of 530 IDDM participants, aged 20 to 59 years. People with macroalbuminuria were excluded. On entry, all participants had albumin concentrations from two overnight urine collections measured by a central laboratory, and the corresponding Micral-Test performed on the two collections locally. a cut off of > or = mg/l albumin from the first Micral-Test, to detect a centrally measured albumin concentration > or = 20 mg/l, yielded 29 (5.8%) false negative results and 58 (11.6%) false positive results (sensitivity 70%, specificity 87%). The mean AER, from two collections, was compared with the corresponding 'pooled' Micral-Test results (mean of the two readings). Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC) curves were used to assess if there was a suitable 'pooled' Micral-Test result for screening microalbuminuria. A 'pooled' Micral-Test result (> or = 15 mg/l) was used to detect mean AER > or = 20 micrograms/min (sensitivity 78%, specificity 77%). This 'pooled cut-off' had already been used for screening on to the study and led to an over-estimate (154 vs. 77) of the true number of microalbuminuric participants on the study. In conclusion, our findings suggest that the Micral-Test strip is not an effective screening tool for microalbuminuria, using the 'pooled' result from two measurements did not improve the sensitivity of the test. FAU - Webb, D J
Development of renal disease in people at high cardiovascular risk: results of the HOPE randomized study.; In people with diabetes, renal disease tends to progress from microalbuminuria to clinical proteinuria to renal insufficiency. Little evidence has been published for the nondiabetic population. This study retrospectively analyzed changes of proteinuria over 4.5 yr in the HOPE (Heart Outcomes and Prevention Evaluation) study, which compared ramipril's effects to placebo in 9297 participants, including 3577 with diabetes and 1956 with microalbuminuria. This report is restricted to 7674 participants with albuminuria data at baseline and at follow-up. Inclusion criteria were known vascular disease or diabetes plus one other cardiovascular risk factor, exclusion criteria included heart failure or known impaired left ventricular function, dipstick-positive proteinuria (>1+), and serum creatinine >2.3 mg/dl (200 microM). Baseline microalbuminuria predicted subsequent clinical proteinuria for the study participants overall (adjusted odds ratio [OR], 17.5; 95% confidence interval [CI], 12.6 to 24.4), in participants without diabetes (OR, 16.7; 95% CI, 8.6 to 32.4), and in participants with diabetes (OR, 18.2; 95% CI, 12.4 to 26.7). Any progression of albuminuria (defined as new microalbuminuria or new clinical proteinuria) occurred in 1859 participants; 1542 developed new microalbuminuria, and 317 participants developed clinical proteinuria. Ramipril reduced the risk for any progression (OR, 0.87; 95% CI, 0.78 to 0.97; P = 0.0146). People without and with diabetes who are at high risk for cardiovascular disease are also at risk for a progressive rise in albuminuria. Microalbuminuria itself predicts clinical proteinuria in nondiabetic and in diabetic people. Ramipril prevents or delays the progression of albuminuria. FAU - Mann, Johannes F E
Significance of microalbuminuria in long-duration type 1 diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: The value of microalbuminuria (MA) in predicting renal disease and premature mortality in longer duration type 1 diabetes is unclear. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We followed 135 patients with long-standing type 1 diabetes (>30 years' duration) over a 7-year period, recording albuminuria and other clinical variables. Vital status was ascertained and cause of death was recorded. RESULTS: A total of 27 of 135 patients (20%) died during the follow-up period. Patients with MA (10 of 30, 33.3%) or proteinuria (5 of 6, 83.3%) at initial examination were more likely to die during follow-up than patients who had normal albumin excretion at baseline (12 of 99, 12%; chi(2) for trend 21.9, P < 0.0001). The presence of abnormal albumin excretion and low BMI were independent risk factors of premature death. The causes of death were similar in patients with normal and abnormal urine albumin excretion. A total of 24.4% of initially normoalbuminuric survivors developed MA, and persistent proteinuria developed in 3.5%. Progressors had significantly higher albumin excretion rate at baseline compared with those who remained normoalbuminuric: 9.0 microg/min (3.8-18) vs. 4.0 microg/min (0.4-17.5); P < 0.001. A total of 21% of patients with MA at baseline reverted to normoalbuminuria, and persistent proteinuria developed in 32%. The likelihood of progression to persistent proteinuria was significantly greater in those with baseline MA compared with those with normal albumin excretion (P < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Even in long-standing type 1 diabetes of >30 years' duration, MA and proteinuria predict all-cause mortality. MA is a good predictor of persistent proteinuria. FAU - Arun, Chankramath S
Risk predictors in patients with diabetic nephropathy.; Diabetic nephropathy is currently the most common cause of end-stage renal disease in the Western countries. Only approximately one third of patients with type 1 diabetes develop nephropathy; thus, because it is not feasible to aggressively treat all patients, it becomes very important to find early markers in order to identify patients at high nephropathy risk. To date the best available predictor of overt nephropathy is microalbuminuria. In this article we review the validity of microalbuminuria as a predictor of overt nephropathy and consider other markers of nephropathy risk. FAU - Fioretto, P
The usefulness of a free self-test for screening albuminuria in the general population: a cross-sectional survey.; BACKGROUND: In this study we evaluated the usefulness of a free self-test for screening albuminuria in the general population. METHODS: Dutch adults were invited by the Dutch Kidney Foundation to order a free albuminuria self-test, consisting of three semi quantitative dipstick tests, via the Internet. Results were classified in negative, low-positive and high-positive. In case of a positive test result, the tester was recommended to visit a GP for supplementary examination and/or treatment. Participants of the programme were sent a questionnaire for evaluation by e-mail eight weeks after receiving the self-test. RESULTS: During the first 30 days of the self-test programme, 996,927 self-tests were ordered. In total, 71,714 participants completed the questionnaire: 79% had a negative test result and 21% had a positive test result (20% low-positive and 1% high-positive). Of the positive testers, 25% visited a GP after testing for albuminuria. Among the 3,983 participants who visited a GP, 193 new diseases were detected: 25 chronic renal failure, 152 hypertension and 31 diabetes mellitus. CONCLUSION: Using a free self-test for screening albuminuria in the general population resulted in a large response and a number of newly detected diseases. However, we found a very high percentage of positive testers of which probably a large part is false positive. Furthermore, only a small part of the positive testers visited a GP for additional examination and/or treatment. The efficiency of such a campaign could be increased by embedding the testing in health care to reduce the number of false-positive results and to ensure follow-up and treatment in case of a positive test result. FAU - Nielen, Markus M J
The value of screening for retinopathy and microalbuminuria in patients with type 2 diabetes in primary health care.; Patients with type 2 diabetes (NIDDM) attending the Primary Care Centre in Mölnlycke, Sweden, were evaluated regarding their metabolic status, microalbuminuria (UAER), and hypertension. An ophthalmological examination was performed, and two diagnostic methods, slit-lamp biomicroscopy and fundus photography, were compared. Nearly half the patients (42%) had diabetic retinopathy, mainly of the background type. Retinopathy was associated only with the duration of the disease, but the prevalence was as high as 20% within 0-4 years of the diagnosis. Fundus photography was easy to apply, except in the age groups above 80 years, in otherwise healthy and mentally cooperative patients. Fundus photography could not be applied in only 7% of the patients for ophthalmological reasons. The prevalence of microalbuminuria (20-200 micrograms/min) was high--34%--with another 8% above that range. Male sex, mode of antidiabetic treatment, and hypertension were associated with an increased UAER. Screening for retinopathy and microalbuminuria is valuable in primary health care in order to detect treatable diabetic retinopathy and to trace patients with microalbuminuria, a risk factor for clinically overt nephropathy as well as for cardiovascular diseases. FAU - Eggertsen, R
Plasma B-type natriuretic peptide is useful for cardiovascular risk assessment in community-based diabetes subjects: comparison with albuminuria.; Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a strong risk factor for cardiovascular (CV) disease. Plasma B-type natriuretic peptide (BNP) levels are elevated in various types of cardiac diseases. Increased plasma BNP levels have been reported to be associated with CV risk in apparently healthy individuals. However, no studies have yet examined the specific value of plasma BNP for predicting CV incidence in unselected DM subjects in a community-based population.In a community-based DM cohort (n = 1,059, mean = 66 years), baseline BNP levels were determined, and CV events were followed and captured prospectively. The cohort was divided by plasma BNP quintiles. The Cox proportional hazard model was used to determine the relative hazard ratios (HR) among the quintiles. In addition, the effects of adding the plasma BNP or urine albumin-to-creatinine ratio (UACR) to an established CV risk scoring model was examined by calculating the area under the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve (AUC).During the 5.7 year follow-up period, CV events were identified in 65 of the DM cohort. There was a significant association between plasma BNP levels and CV event rate (P < 0.001). HR was significantly increased in the highest quintile compared to the lowest (HR = 4.38; 95%CI 1.69 -11.84). The AUC generated from ROC analysis of the Framingham risk score for predicting general CV events was improved by adding BNP testing (from 0.66 to 0.74; P = 0.05), but not by adding UACR (from 0.66 to 0.67; P = 0.49).In a community sample of people with DM, plasma BNP levels above the 80 percentile are directly associated with CV risk, and measurement of plasma BNP alone or in conjunction with an established CV risk score is of value in predicting CV events in these subjects. FAU - Onodera, Masayuki
Increased concentrations of soluble CD40 ligand may help to identify type 1 diabetic adolescents and young adults at risk for developing persistent microalbuminuria.; BACKGROUND: Recent studies on the pathogenesis of diabetic complications have demonstrated the important role of a number of aberrantly expressed molecules acting together in the development of early diabetic microvascular complications. Soluble CD40 ligand (sCD40L) is supposed to be one of the most likely candidates for both retinopathy and nephropathy. METHODS: In January 1989, sCD40L was measured in 340 normoalbuminuric diabetic adolescents and young adults. Participants were examined at baseline and biannually thereafter. sCD40L was measured every 2 years during a 16-year follow-up period. sCD40L was also measured in parents. RESULTS: Over 16 years, 32 out of 340 patients developed persistent microalbuminuria; no patient developed overt diabetic nephropathy. The risk of developing microalbuminuria was higher in children with increased sCD40L at the beginning of the study (using 6 ng/mL as the arbitrary cut-off value) (group A) compared with those with normal sCD40L (group B). Sex did not influence predictive value, sensitivity, or specificity. sCD40L was not significantly correlated with duration of diabetes. The percentage of offspring with both parents having sCD40L above the mean values was significantly higher in group A than in group B. The odds ratio (OR) for the occurrence of microalbuminuria after adjustment for confounding variables in patients with elevated baseline sCD40L was 4.2 (95% CI, 2.1-10.7). CONCLUSIONS: Persistently increased sCD40L levels from the onset of diabetes might help to identify those normotensive and normoalbuminuric young patients at increased risk of developing incipient nephropathy later in life.
Urinary glycosaminoglycan and proteoglycan excretion in normoalbuminuric patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Diabetic nephropathy may be related to an abnormal metabolism of glycosaminoglycans (GAG) in the glomerular basement membrane (GBM). The first manifestation of nephropathy is microalbuminuria, whose appearance indicates a loss of GBM selectivity. The present study evaluated whether GAG excretion becomes abnormal in parallel with microalbuminuria, and whether such abnormalities are also present in normoalbuminuric diabetic patients. METHODS: We measured urinary GAG excretion in 60 patients with type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus and in 22 healthy subjects. GAG were isolated from 24-h urine using ion-exchange chromatography on DEAE Sephacel. GAG composition was determined by cellulose acetate electrophoresis and expressed as percentages by densitometric scanning of Alcian Blue stained strips. RESULTS: On subgrouping for albuminuric status and glyco-metabolic control, we found high urinary GAG concentrations in all except the normoalbuminuric patients with good glyco-metabolic control. The urinary GAG electrophoretic pattern showed alterations in chondroitin sulphate (CS) and heparan sulphate (HS) relative contents. A higher frequency of low sulphated chondroitin sulphate-proteoglycan (LSC-PG) was observed in all patients, including those with normoalbuminuria and good glyco-metabolic control. CONCLUSIONS: This urinary pattern may be indicative of an abnormal GBM metabolism. Since GAG play an important role in GBM permeability, these anomalies might consequently represent a first step towards selective changes of GBM in type 1 diabetes mellitus. FAU - De Muro, Pierina
Reevaluation by high-performance liquid chromatography: clinical significance of microalbuminuria in individuals at high risk of cardiovascular disease in the Heart Outcomes Prevention Evaluation (HOPE) Study.; BACKGROUND: In the Heart Outcomes Prevention Evaluation Study, microalbumin and albumin levels measured by using radioimmunoassay (RIA) and less than the microalbuminuria threshold in baseline urine samples were associated independently with cardiovascular (CV) events. Conventional immunoassays may underestimate albuminuria by not detecting a mildly denatured unfragmented form of albumin, immunounreactive to conventional antibodies. METHODS: Microalbuminuria was reanalyzed in baseline samples stored at -70 degrees C for 5,358 North American participants, 1,992 with diabetes mellitus, by using a high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) system that also detects immunochemically nonreactive urinary albumin. RESULTS: The HPLC compared with RIA method identified microalbuminuria in 1,585 versus 719 participants, 809 versus 423 patients with diabetes, by using a conventionally accepted albumin-creatinine ratio (ACR) of 29 mg/g or greater (>or=3 mg/mmol) as a cutoff value. HPLC-detected microalbuminuria increased risk for the primary outcome (a composite of myocardial infarction, stroke, and CV death); unadjusted hazard ratio, 1.85 (95% confidence interval, 1.57 to 2.19). Receiver operating characteristic analysis did not differentiate between HPLC- and RIA-detected microalbuminuria as predictors of CV outcomes. CONCLUSION: The prevalence of microalbuminuria is 2 to 3 times greater with HPLC than RIA using an ACR of 29 mg/g or greater (>or=3 mg/mmol). The optimal cutoff value for detecting CV risk in the entire study population by means of RIA was 9 mg/g (0.9 mg/mmol), and with HPLC, 32 mg/g (3.4 mg/mmol). Results from this study also show different ACR cutoff values for individuals with diabetes: RIA, 13 mg/g or greater (>or=1.4 mg/mmol); HPLC, 44 mg/g or greater (>or=5.2 mg/mmol) and without diabetes: RIA, 7 mg/g or greater (>or=0.7 mg/mmol); HPLC, 29 mg/g or greater (>or=3/1 mg/mmol). Results highlight the importance of method-dependent cutoff values in the prediction of CV events. FAU - McQueen, Matthew J
Determination of urinary enzymes as a marker of early renal damage in diabetic patients.; Diagnosis of diabetic nephropathy in the early stages is very important since there are no clinical signs or symptoms. Urinary N-acetyl-beta-D-glucosaminidase (NAG) excretion has been recommended as a tubular dysfunction marker that elevates before other markers, such as microalbuminuria and a decrease in creatinine clearance. In this study, we compared excretion of urinary enzymes with other markers that are used routinely in diabetic nephropathy assessment. Urinary NAG, lactate dehydrogenase (LDH), alkaline phosphatase (AP) activities, urea, creatinine, and albumin, with levels of serum glucose and creatinine and whole blood glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) were measured in 32 diabetes mellitus patients and 25 healthy subjects (controls). Notably, urinary NAG, AP, LDH excretion, and microalbuminuria in the diabetic patients group were significantly increased compared to those in the control groups (P<0.001, P<0.05, P<0.01, and P<0.01, respectively). Meanwhile, our results showed that the urinary NAG excretion had the highest sensitivity and specificity (100% and 87.5%, respectively) compared to other markers. We showed that measuring urinary NAG excretion could be useful for the assessment of renal failure in diabetes mellitus patients and confirmed the use of NAG as a routine screening test. FAU - Mohammadi-Karakani, Ali
New predictive equations improve monitoring of kidney function in patients with diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: The Cockcroft-Gault and Modification of Diet in Renal Disease (MDRD) equations poorly predict glomerular filtration rate (GFR) decline in diabetic patients. We sought to discover whether new equations based on serum creatinine (the Mayo Clinic Quadratic [MCQ] or reexpressed MDRD equations) or four cystatin C-based equations (glomerular filtration rate estimated via cystatin formula [Cys-eGFR]) were less biased and better predicted GFR changes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: In 124 diabetic patients with a large range of isotopic GFR (iGFR) (56.1 +/- 35.3 ml/min per 1.73 m2 [range 5-164]), we compared the performances of the equations before and after categorization in GFR tertiles. A total of 20 patients had a second determination 2 years later. RESULTS: The Cockcroft-Gault equation was the least precise. The MDRD equation was the most precise but the most biased according to the Bland-Altman procedure. By contrast with the MDRD and, to a lesser extent, the MCQ, three of the four Cys-eGFRs were not biased. All equations overestimated the low GFRs, whereas only the MDRD and Rule's Cys-eGFR equations underestimated the high GFRs. For the subjects studied twice, iGFR changed by -8.5 +/- 17.9 ml/min per 1.73 m2. GFR changes estimated by the Cockcroft-Gault (-4.5 +/- 6.8) and MDRD (-5.7 +/- 6.2) equations did not correlate with the isotopic changes, whereas new equation-predicted changes did: MCQ: -8.7 +/- 9.4 (r = 0.44, P < 0.05) and all four Cys-eGFRs: -6.2 +/- 7.4 to -7.3 +/- 8.4 (r = 0.60 to 0.62, all P < 0.005), such as 100/cystatin-C (r = 0.61, P < 0.005). CONCLUSIONS: The new predictive equations better estimate GFR than the Cockcroft-Gault equation. Although the MDRD equation remains the most accurate, it poorly predicts GFR decline, as it overestimates low and underestimates high GFRs. This bias is lesser with the MCQ and Cys-eGFR equations, so they better predict GFR changes. FAU - Beauvieux, Marie-Christine
Predictors of abnormal cardiovascular autonomic function measured by frequence domain analysis of heart rate variability and conventional tests in patients with type 1 diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: Frequency domain analysis of heart rate variability (HRV) is used to assess cardiovascular autonomic function. There are no prospective data on the sensitivity of its various components to glycemia or other diabetes-related risk factors compared with conventional tests and with other complications of diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: In 1985, possible risk factors of future complications were determined in 115 children with type 1 diabetes. In 1996, the presence of complications (HRV analysis, conventional tests of autonomic function, urinary albumin excretion rate [UAER], and retinopathy) were assessed in 83 of these patients (age 32 +/- 1 years, duration of diabetes 22 +/- 1 years). RESULTS: Poor glycemic control (measured as lifetime glycemic exposure or HbA1c in 1985) was the most important independent predictor of decreases in all measures of absolute power of HRV (total power [TP] and very low frequency, low frequency [LF], and high frequency [HF] power) and square root of the mean square of R-R interval differences but not of changes of normalized measures or ratios (normalized HF and LF LF/HF). Other significant independent predictors of autonomic dysfunction were late age of onset of diabetes, female sex, and high BMI. To examine the sensitivity of the various tests to glycemia, the patients were divided into tertiles based on lifetime glycemic exposure (A1c months). Glycemic exposure in the tertiles averaged 194 +/- 25 A1c months (20 years of HbA1c 0.8% above normal), 556 +/- 19 A1c months(20 years of HbA1c 2.3% above normal), and 963 +/- 30 A1c months (20 years of HbA1c 4% above normal). Tests of complications that were significantly abnormal in patients already in the lowest tertile and were correlated with glycemia were TP and severity of retinopathy. Of conventional tests, only the ratio of length of R-R intervals during expiration to inspiration (E/I ratio) was significantly related to glycemic exposure, but it required high glycemic exposure (20 years of HbA1c 4% above normal) to be abnormal. UAER was significantly increased only in the highest tertile of glycemic exposure. CONCLUSIONS: TP and retinopathy score were much more sensitive to antecedent glycemia than conventional tests of autonomic function or UAER and were significantly abnormal in patients exposed to approximately 20 years' duration of an HbA1c 0.8% above normal. FAU - Mäkimattila, S
Earlier detection of microalbuminuria in diabetic patients using a new urinary albumin assay.; BACKGROUND: Microalbuminuria is regarded as the most important predictor of high risk for the development of diabetic nephropathy. Early detection may allow treatment to prevent progression to persistent albuminuria and renal failure. Recent studies have shown that conventional immunoassays underestimate urinary albumin concentration, as albumin in urine may exist in two forms, immuno-reactive and immuno-unreactive. The present study examines the differential lead-time for the development of microalbuminuria as measured by both conventional radioimmunoassay (RIA; measures immuno-reactive) and high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC; measures total albumin = immuno-reactive plus immuno-unreactive) analysis in both type 1 and type 2 diabetic patients. METHODS: Analysis was performed on 511 stored urine samples collected over the last 13 years from type 1 diabetic patients who either progressed from normo- to microalbuminuria (progressors, N= 17), or who remained normoalbuminuric (nonprogressors, N= 25) as defined by RIA, and on 634 urine samples collected from patients with type 2 diabetes defined as either progressors (N= 24) or nonprogressors (N= 25). RESULTS: For type 1 progressors, the mean lead-time for the HPLC assay versus the RIA was 3.9 years, with a 95% CI of 2.1 to 5.6 years. For type 2 progressors, the mean lead-time was 2.4 years with a 95% CI of 1.2 to 3.5 years. There was no significant difference between the lead-time analysis between type 1 and type 2 diabetic patients. CONCLUSION: These results demonstrate that measurement of total albumin may allow earlier detection of microalbuminuria associated with diabetic nephropathy. FAU - Comper, Wayne D
Prolonged QTc interval predicts mortality in patients with Type 1 diabetes mellitus.; AIMS: To evaluate prolonged QTc interval and QT dispersion as predictors of all-cause and cardiovascular mortality after adjustment for well-established risk factors in Type 1 diabetic patients. METHODS: From a cohort of all adult Type 1 diabetic patients, duration of diabetes >or= 5 years, attending the clinic in 1984 and followed in an observational study for 10 years (n = 939), all subjects with resting baseline electrocardiograms were identified (n = 697, 360 males). The QT length was measured and corrected for heart rate (QTc). Maximal QTc length (QTc max) and QT dispersion were determined. RESULTS: At baseline, 431 had normoalbuminuria (< 30 mg/24 h), 138 had microalbuminuria (30-299 mg/24 h) and 128 had macroalbuminuria (>or= 300 mg/24 h) of whom 66 (15%), 35 (25%) and 61 (48%) died during follow-up, respectively (26 (6%), 14 (10%), 21 (16%) from cardiovascular disease). QTc max. was 442 (1.2) ms (mean (SEM)) for survivors and 457 (3.7) in patients who died (P < 0.001). In a Cox proportional hazards model including baseline values of putative risk factors, independent predictors of death were QTc max (P = 0.03), age (P < 0.001), presence of hypertension (P = 0.001), male sex (P < 0.001), log urinary albumin excretion (P < 0.001), smoking (P = 0.04), log serum-creatinine (P < 0.001), height (P < 0.001), low social class (P = 0.04), whereas QT dispersion, heart rate, and HbA1c were not included. In the subgroup with macroalbuminuria, but not for all patients, QTc max was an independent risk factor for cardiovascular mortality. CONCLUSION: QTc prolongation, but not increased QT dispersion, is an independent marker of increased mortality in patients with Type 1 diabetes mellitus. FAU - Rossing, P
Urinary platelet-derived growth factor-BB as an early marker of nephropathy in patients with type 2 diabetes: an Egyptian study.; BACKGROUND: Diabetic nephropathy (DN) is one of the most serious complications of diabetes worldwide. Strong evidence suggests that several growth factors may contribute to the initiation and progressive fibrosis of DN. Recently, there is an overexpression of platelet-derived growth factor (PDGF) in renal biopsies from patients with DN. This study aimed to investigate the clinical significance of urinary PDGF-BB level in type 2 diabetic patients with and without nephropathy and to evaluate its relationship with various clinical and laboratory parameters. METHODS: Urinary levels of PDGF-BB were measured in 60 Egyptian type 2 diabetic patients categorized into three equal groups (normo-, micro-, and macroalbuminuria), according to urinary albumin level. In addition, 20 healthy subjects were selected to serve as controls. RESULTS: The urinary PDGF-BB levels were significantly increased in type 2 diabetic patients as compared to controls (p < 0.001). Moreover, diabetics with micro- and macroalbuminuria had significantly higher levels than in those with normoalbuminuria (p < 0.001). Urinary PDGF-BB correlated positively with disease duration, low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol, and urinary albumin and negatively with creatinine clearance in diabetic patients. In a multiple regression model, urinary PDGF-BB was strongly and independently associated with nephropathy in diabetic patients (β = -0.03, p < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: PDGF-BB may play an important role in the initiation and progression of DN. It is considered as a good predictor for early deterioration of renal function in DN. Thus, measurement of urinary PDGF-BB in type 2 diabetic patients could be used for early detection of diabetic renal disease. FAU - Bessa, Sahar Saad-El-Din
Performance characteristics of an HPLC assay for urinary albumin.; Microalbuminuria is a marker of diabetic nephropathy and cardiovascular risk. Immunoassays underestimate the amount of intact albumin present in urine. The purpose of this study was to evaluate a new urinary albumin assay that uses size exclusion high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC). We determined the limit of detection, linearity, imprecision, a comparison with an immunoturbidimetric assay, and pediatric and adult reference intervals. The limit of detection was 3.4 mg/L. The assay was linear from 4 to 240 mg/L. Total imprecision was less than 10% from 16 to 206 mg/L. Comparison of the albumin/creatinine ratio by HPLC with an immunoturbidimetric method showed positive proportional bias, which decreased with increasing concentrations of albumin. Nonparametric reference intervals were 22 to 250 mg/g for girls, 20 to 130 mg/g for boys, 14 to 62 mg/g for women, and 10 to 37 mg/g for men. This HPLC assay for urinary albumin shows acceptable performance and quantifies albumin species that are not detected by immunoassay. Separate reference intervals for children and adults seem necessary. FAU - Owen, William E
Endothelial vasomotor dysfunction in the brachial artery predicts the short-term development of early stage renal dysfunction in patients with coronary artery disease.; BACKGROUND: This study examined whether endothelial vasomotor dysfunction in the brachial artery predicted early renal dysfunction in patients with coronary artery disease (CAD). Endothelial function in the renal vasculature plays an important role in the regulation of renal hemodynamics. As endothelial dysfunction is a systemic disorder, there may be a relationship between endothelial function in the brachial artery and renal vasculature. METHODS: Flow-mediated endothelium-dependent dilation (FMD) in brachial artery and renal functional parameters were measured in 757 patients with CAD without macroalbuminuria. RESULTS: In a cross-sectional data, an impaired FMD was associated with higher serum creatinine levels and urinary albumin excretion (UAE), lower creatinine clearance rate and estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) at baseline in multiple linear regression analysis. In a follow-up study including a subgroup of 448 patients with normal renal function (serum creatinine level <1.0mg/dL, UAE <25mg/day and eGFR ≥ 60 mL/min/1.73 m(2) at baseline), 96 patients had an endpoint of early stage renal dysfunction (serum creatinine levels ≥ 1.2mg/dL, UAE ≥ 30 mg/day and/or eGFR <60 mL/min/1.73 m(2)) during 12 month follow-up. Multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that impaired FMD was significantly associated with progression to the early stage renal dysfunction after adjustment with age, diabetes mellitus, hypertension and C-reactive protein levels. CONCLUSIONS: Endothelial vasomotor dysfunction in the brachial artery is independently associated with progression from normal renal function to early stage renal dysfunction in patients with CAD. Measurement of FMD may therefore be useful for assessing risk of future renal dysfunction.
Glycemic control and prognosis in type I diabetic patients with microalbuminuria.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the course of microalbuminuria during the 1980s in type I diabetes patients. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: This was a 10-year follow-up of 109 patients in whom type I diabetes was diagnosed between 1961 and 1980 before 15 years of age and who were initially investigated between 1977 and 1983 after a diabetes duration of > or = 3 years. Microalbuminuria was defined as an albumin excretion rate (AER) of 20-200 micrograms/min in two of three consecutive urine samples. RESULTS: At the initial investigation, 81 patients had normal AER, 27 had microalbuminuria, and 1 had macroalbuminuria. Between 1989 and 1992, 99 (91%) patients were reinvestigated. Only 5 (19%) of the initially microalbuminuric patients developed macroproteinuria during the 10-year follow-up period, and in 15 (58%) patients, AER decreased to normal. Three (4%) of the normoalbuminuric patients developed microalbuminuria but none macroproteinuria. The initially microalbuminuric patients, in whom AER normalized, improved their glycemic control from 1980-1983 to 1989-1991 (mean +/- SE HbA1c 7.5 +/- 0.2 to 6.6 +/- 0.3%; P = 0.01). CONCLUSIONS: In the majority of patients with microalbuminuria in whom it is possible to obtain good glycemic control, microalbuminuria will disappear and the risk of developing nephropathy will be markedly reduced. FAU - Bojestig, M
The cost-effectiveness of different management strategies for type I diabetes: a Swiss perspective.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: A computer model was developed to determine the health outcomes and economic consequences of different combinations of diabetes interventions in newly diagnosed patients with Type I (insulin-dependent) diabetes in Switzerland. METHODS: We modelled seven complications of diabetes: hypoglycaemia, ketoacidosis, acute myocardial infarction, stroke, lower extremity amputation, nephropathy, and retinopathy. Transition probabilities and costs were taken from published literature. The Swiss health insurance payer perspective was taken. Various combinations of diabetes management strategies, including intensive or conventional insulin therapy and screening and treatment strategies for renal and eye disease were defined. Life expectancy, cumulative incidences of complications, and mean expected total lifetime costs per patient were calculated under six different management strategies. Incremental cost-effectiveness ratios were calculated in terms of costs per life-year gained compared with conventional insulin therapy alone. RESULTS: The addition of screening for microalbuminuria and retinopathy followed by appropriate treatment, if detected, were cost saving, with reduction in cumulative incidence of end stage renal disease and blindness respectively, and, in the case of microalbulminuria screening and treatment, an improvement in life expectancy. Intensive therapy improved life expectancy but increased total lifetime costs. CONCLUSION/INTERPRETATION: Optimal management of Type I diabetic patients, including secondary and tertiary prevention, leads to reduced complications and improved life expectancy, with the increased costs of prevention offset to varying degrees by cost savings due to complications avoided. FAU - Palmer, A J
Intrapersonal HbA(1c) variability and the risk of progression of nephropathy in patients with Type 2 diabetes.; AIM: To investigate the association between nephropathy and HbA(1c) variability (assessed as the standard deviation of each patient's HbA(1c) measurements) among patients with Type 2 diabetes. METHODS: Albumin excretion rate and HbA(1c) were measured in 2103 patients followed up for a mean 6.6 years. Multivariate Cox regression analysis was used to determine the influence of HbA(1c) variability on the risk of progression of nephropathy after adjustment for age, sex, duration of diabetes, baseline condition (two cohorts defined by duration of diabetes, retinopathy and albumin excretion rate), baseline HbA(1c) , insulin use, BMI, use of anti-hypertensive agents, smoking, lipid status, retinopathy, updated mean HbA(1c) and number of HbA(1c) measurements. RESULTS: Nephropathy progressed in 18.3% of subjects. HbA(1c) variability was significantly greater among progressors than among non-progressors (12 vs. 10 mmol/mol; 1.12 vs. 0.90%; P < 0.0001) and was a significant predictor of progression of nephropathy even after adjustment for updated mean HbA(1c) and other risk factors (hazard ratio 1.37, 95% CI 1.12-1.69). CONCLUSION: In patients with Type 2 diabetes, the risk of progression of nephropathy increases significantly with HbA(1c) variability, independently of the influence of updated mean HbA(1c) .
Serum total renin is increased before microalbuminuria in diabetes.; Serum prorenin is increased in patients with insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) with microvascular complications. The present longitudinal study investigated whether increases in serum total renin concentration (TRC, active+prorenin) can predict the development of microalbuminuria in IDDM patients over a 10 year period. TRC and albumin excretion rates (AER) were determined in 78 IDDM patients who were followed longitudinally for 10.4 +/- 0.2 (mean +/- SE) years. Twelve patients had progressively increasing albuminuria (progressors), and these were compared to 66 patients in whom albuminuria did not rise (non-progressors). The two groups had similar duration of diabetes, age, follow-up, glycemic control and blood pressure at the start of the study. Serum TRC was increased in progressors [350 (1.1) mIU/liter, geometric mean (tolerance factor)] compared to non-progressors [189 (1.2)] after 5 to 10 years duration of diabetes, and continued to rise in this group, reaching a mean of 923 mIU/liter (normal range 131 to 170) after 20 years of diabetes. When serial measurements of TRC and AER were compared in individual progressors, a significant increase in TRC was apparent up to five years before the onset of microalbuminuria. Microalbuminuria in patients with IDDM is preceded by a substantial increase in serum TRC, suggesting that serum TRC may predict the subsequent development of incipient nephropathy. FAU - Allen, T J
The Mayo Clinic quadratic equation improves the prediction of glomerular filtration rate in diabetic subjects.; BACKGROUND: Although recommended, both the Cockcroft and Gault formula (CG) and the modification of diet in renal disease (MDRD) equation are not ideally predictive of glomerular filtration rate (GFR) in diabetic subjects; we tested whether the new Mayo Clinic Quadratic (MCQ) equation performed better. METHODS: In 200 diabetic subjects with a wide range of renal function, GFR was measured by 51Cr-EDTA clearance, and compared with the results of the three predictive equations by regression analysis and Bland and Altman procedures. The correlations with body mass index, age and albumin excretion rates were tested. The precisions (absolute difference as percentage), diagnostic accuracies [receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curves for the diagnosis of moderate and severe chronic kidney disease (CKD)], and the results of stratification according to the KDOQ classification were compared. RESULTS: The CG and MCQ overestimated mean GFR, whereas the MDRD underestimated it. Correlation coefficients and areas under the ROC curves were better for the MDRD and the MCQ as compared with the CG, which was biased by body weight (+30% overestimation in obese diabetic subjects). The absolute differences with true GFR were slightly lower for the MDRD than the MCQ, and both better than the CG. Both the MDRD and MCQ correctly stratified 65% of the subjects (CG: 55%, P<0.05). In contrast with the MDRD, the MCQ did not underestimate normal GFR, and its performance for stratification was uniformly good over a wide GFR range. CONCLUSIONS: In diabetic subjects, the MCQ has a similar diagnostic performance to the MDRD, but it does not underestimate normal GFR, which is an important advantage. FAU - Rigalleau, Vincent
The prognostic significance of urinary albumin in Polynesians with non-insulin-dependent diabetes.; Polynesian (59 Maori and 30 Pacific Island) patients were identified from two diabetes clinic registers and followed for a mean of 4.8 years, in order to determine the prognostic significance of urinary albumin excretion. Events were defined as death or entry onto a renal replacement programme. Fourteen events occurred during the period of follow-up. Urinary albumin/creatinine ratio was treated as a continuous variable in a proportional hazards analysis. A 10-fold increase in albumin/creatinine ratio was associated with a 5-fold increase in the risk of an event (95% C.I. = 2.05-12.09). In conclusion, elevated urinary albumin/creatinine predicted mortality and renal morbidity in Maori and Pacific Island patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes. FAU - Lunt, H
Increased plasma adiponectin closely associates with vascular endothelial dysfunction in type 2 diabetic patients with diabetic nephropathy.; Several studies found that adiponectin, an adipokine withstands atherosclerosis in vivo, is significantly increased in subjects with diabetic nephropathy (DN), but its clinical meaning remains unclear. For its structural similarity to complement C1q and collagen, we performed this study to explore the relationship between adiponectin and the vascular endothelial function alterations in DN patients. 50 type 2 diabetic patients without clinical cardiovascular complications were assigned to control group, microalbuminuria group (Micro-MA), and macroalbuminuria group (Macro-MA) according to the Mogensen's criteria. Plasma adiponectin and soluble vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (sVCAM-1) were detected. Flow-mediated dilatation (FMD), nitroglycerin-induced dilatation (NID) and cardiologic parameters were measured by ultrasound cardiogram. Plasma adiponectin level was significantly and gradually increased in agreement with the amount of urine albumin excretion. sVCAM-1 was higher in Micro-MA and Macro-MA patients than in the controls, but it was comparable between the former 2 groups. FMD and NID were both remarkably decreased in Macro-MA group compared with Micro-MA and control group. For the whole subjects, plasma adiponectin was negatively related to FMD (r=-0.397, P<0.01) and NID (r=-0.413, P<0.01). These results suggest that increased plasma adiponectin may predict co-existing vascular endothelial dysfunction in DN patients.
Sodium-lithium transport in adolescents with IDDM. Relationship to incipient nephropathy and glycemic control.; OBJECTIVE: The aims of this study were to examine genetic and environmental influences in the development of early diabetic nephropathy and to assess the value of measuring membrane sodium transport as a marker for early nephropathy. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We measured erythrocyte sodium-lithium (Na-Li) countertransport, blood pressure (BP), HbA1c, and microalbuminuria (MA) in 84 adolescents with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM), 29 of whom had MA. Twenty-nine non-MA patients were selected and matched for age, sex, and IDDM duration with the 29 diabetic subjects with MA. The 84 diabetic adolescents were also compared with 85 nondiabetic siblings. RESULTS: The erythrocyte Na-Li countertransport was significantly greater in the IDDM group than in the sibling group (mean +/- SD, 0.41 +/- 0.14 vs. 0.30 +/- 0.11 mmol Li.liters of erythrocytes-1.h-1, respectively, P < 0.0001), but a significant correlation was noted between the results in IDDM subjects and their siblings (r = 0.42, P < 0.0008). Na-Li countertransport was not different in the diabetic subjects with or without MA (0.43 +/- 0.13 vs. 0.37 +/- 0.13 mmol Li.liters of erythrocytes-1.h-1, respectively). There was a significant correlation in the IDDM group between recent diabetic control (HbA1c) and Na-Li countertransport (r = 0.37, P < 0.003). Diastolic BP was significantly higher in the IDDM group with MA than in those without MA (60 +/- 6 vs. 55 +/- 6 mmHg, respectively, P < 0.03). CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that erythrocyte Na-Li countertransport is influenced by the diabetic milieu. However, there was also evidence in our subjects of a genetic contribution to Na-Li countertransport as seen by the correlation between levels in the IDDM subjects and their siblings. Using Na-Li countertransport, we were not able to segregate those IDDM adolescents with and without early nephropathy. FAU - Crompton, C H
Differences in urinary albumin detected by four immunoassays and high-performance liquid chromatography.; OBJECTIVES: To compare the analysis of urinary albumin from diabetic patients by four conventional immunoassays including radioimmunoassay (RIA), immunonephelometry (IN), and two different methods of immunoturbidimetry (IT), as well as by high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC). DESIGN AND METHODS: Urines were collected over a 24-h period and stored at -20 degrees C until assay. Urinary albumin concentration was determined by an in-house RIA, by IN using a Beckman Array Analyser with reagents from Beckman Diagnostics (Sydney, Australia), by IT using a Dade-Behring Turbitimer with reagents from Dade-Behring (Marburg, Germany), by IT using a Dade-Behring Dimension R x L Chemistry Analyser with reagents from DiaSorin (Stillwater, OK, USA), and by HPLC using a Zorbax Bio series preparative GF-250 column. Regression lines were calculated using a least squares method to determine the correlation between the assays studied. Bland-Altman bias plots including limits of agreement were also calculated. RESULTS: The correlation coefficients calculated were high (>0.85) indicating a strong linear relationship between all assays studied. The slopes calculated for the comparisons demonstrate that each assay can vary from one another (up to threefold) and have a slope significantly different from an ideal slope of 1 (P < 0.001). These results were confirmed by Bland-Altman bias plots and calculation of the limits of agreement that were all large. CONCLUSIONS: At this time, there is no global standard by which urinary albumin assays may be standardized. This study suggests the need for such standards. FAU - Comper, Wayne D
Screening diabetic patients for microalbuminuria.; Abnormal rates of urinary albumin excretion have been shown to predict the development of nephropathy and may signal atherosclerotic disease in diabetic patients. This study demonstrated the feasibility of measuring microalbuminuria in diabetic patients from a large family practice population. Although only one half of the 473 diabetic patients offered free screening took advantage of the testing, those participating did not differ in terms of sex, race, type of diabetes, mean age, systolic blood pressure, and fasting blood glucose levels from those not electing to participate. Over 40% of those screened had abnormally elevated albumin excretion rates as defined as greater than 0.02 g of albumin per gram of creatinine. Those participating in the screening perceived the process as useful and were able to comply with directions for overnight urine collection. Results show that screening for microalbuminuria in diabetic patients cared for by family physicians is feasible, simple, and inexpensive. Interventions to slow or reverse the progression of abnormal microalbuminuria and future risk for nephropathy in those with diabetes are underway. FAU - Konen, J C
Usefulness of a highly sensitive urinary and serum IL-6 assay in patients with diabetic nephropathy.; BACKGROUND/AIM: Interleukin-6 (IL-6) promotes the growth of renal mesangial cells. IL-6 may play a major role in such mesangial proliferation, but there has been little research on IL-6 in relation to diabetic nephropathy because of the difficulty in measuring urinary and serum IL-6 levels. Using a newly developed, highly sensitive IL-6 assay, we studied the relationship between serum and urinary IL-6 and diabetic nephropathy. METHODS: We investigated 72 patients with type 2 diabetes. Urinary and serum IL-6 concentrations were measured using a chemiluminescent enzyme immunoassay with a detection limit of 0.11 pg/ml. RESULTS: There was a significant increase of the serum IL-6 level as diabetic nephropathy progressed, with the level being 1.4 +/- 0.3 pg/ml in patients with normal albuminuria, rising to 2.4 +/- 0.6 pg/ml in patients with microalbuminuria and then to 4.4 +/- 0.8 pg/ml in those having proteinuria. The serum IL-6 level was also significantly correlated with fibrinogen and aortic pulse wave velocity. The urinary IL-6 level was also significantly increased in diabetic patients as nephropathy progressed. Both serum and urinary IL-6 levels were high in the group with nephropathy, but there was no correlation between the two. CONCLUSION: The urinary IL-6 level seems to be a good indicator of diabetic nephropathy, and atherosclerotic changes were related to the serum IL-6 level. The serum IL-6 may, therefore, be useful in the evaluation of atherosclerosis including nephropathy.
Angiotensin I-converting enzyme gene polymorphisms: relationship to nephropathy in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; Nephropathy is a frequent complication of long-term diabetes. Strong evidence exists that genetic predisposition plays a major role in the development of diabetic nephropathy. The role of the angiotensin I-converting enzyme gene (ACE) in the susceptibility to nephropathy in diabetes, especially in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), remains unclear. This study examines the association of two ACE polymorphisms: a 287-bp insertion/deletion (I/D) in intron 16 and PstI (A/G substitution in intron 7; alleles P/M) with renal complications in 941 NIDDM patients. From this group, for further analysis 127 patients were selected with overt proteinuria or chronic renal failure, 335 patients with microalbuminuria, and a control group of 254 normoalbuminuric patients with a diabetes duration of at least 10 yr. No significant differences in the distribution of ACE I/D and PstI genotypes or allele frequencies were observed between the examined groups. The results of this study strongly suggest that there is no association between the ACE gene I/D and PstI polymorphisms and nephropathy in NIDDM. FAU - Grzeszczak, W
The lack of screening for diabetic nephropathy: evidence from a privately insured population.; BACKGROUND: We examined the performance of screening tests for diabetic nephropathy in a population of privately insured individuals. METHODS: Administrative data from a large private health plan were analyzed. Continuously insured persons with diabetes (ages 30-62) with > or = one office visit during the study year (July 1995 to June 1996) were included (n = 4,758). Outcome variables included a urinalysis for protein and a test for microalbuminuria. The likelihood of test performance according to age, gender, insurance plan type, total office visits, diabetes office visits, and specialty of predominant physician was examined both in bivariate analyses and a logistic regression. RESULTS: Among the 4,623 patients without evidence of nephropathy, only 16.5% had a urinalysis test conducted sometime in the year. All individuals (2.1% of sample) who received a microalbuminuria test also received a urinalysis. Individuals with indemnity or PPO plans were more likely to be screened than individuals in point-of-service plans. Patients with more visits and more diabetes visits were more likely to be screened. In the regression with family practice as the reference category, general internists were the only physician specialty more likely to have screened patients. CONCLUSIONS: The majority of patients with diabetes mellitus do not receive annual screening for microalbuminuria or urinary protein. FAU - Mainous, A G 3rd
Mixed self-assembly of polydiacetylenes for highly specific and sensitive strip biosensors.; Polydiacetylenes (PDAs), which possess unique properties that allow them to change color in response to environmental changes such as variations in pH, temperature, and molecular binding, have been widely investigated as signal transducers in biosensor applications. Most PDA-based sensors reported to date have been evaluated largely on the basis of their ability to detect purified samples, however, and their specificity has rarely been tested. In this study, novel PDAs fabricated on polyvinylidene fluoride (PVDF) strips by photoreaction of composite diacetylene self-assemblies were developed as biosensors, and nonspecific binding to off-target biomolecules was assessed. A mixed PDA surface containing biotin and ethanolamide bound the target, i.e., streptavidin, more specifically than did biotin alone. The optimized PDA biosensor exhibited approximately 2850-fold higher selectivity for streptavidin relative to bovine serum albumin controls. A PDA biosensor that was further prepared showed distinctive signals for the urine of diabetic patients compared to urine samples from healthy/non-diabetic person due to the concentration of microalbuminuria. To our knowledge, this is the first strip-type biosensor fabricated with PDAs and the first PDA-based biosensor that can effectively overcome the problem of nonspecific binding. FAU - Park, Hyun Kyu
Role of glycemic control and blood pressure in the development and progression of nephropathy in elderly Japanese NIDDM patients.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the role of glycemic control and blood pressure in the development and progression of nephropathy and to suggest goals for glycemic control and blood pressure for the prevention of nephropathy in elderly Japanese NIDDM patients. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: A total of 123 age- and diabetes duration-matched elderly Japanese NIDDM patients (aged 60-75 years; 74 normoalbuminuric and 49 microalbuminuric) were retrospectively studied for 6 years. RESULTS: The group that developed microalbuminuria from normoalbuminuria (group NM: n = 24) showed a higher 6-year mean HbA1c than the group that remained normoalbuminuric (group NN: n = 50; 9.0 +/- 0.8 vs. 8.1 +/- 0.8%, P < 0.01) in spite of no significant difference in 6-year mean blood pressure (MBP). On the other hand, the group that progressed from microalbuminuria to overt proteinuria (group MP: n = 26) showed a higher 6-year MBP than the group that remained microalbuminuric (group MM: n = 23; 106 +/- 5 vs. 95 +/- 6 mmHg, P < 0.01) in spite of no significant difference in 6-year mean HbA1c. The cutoff level of HbA1c separating group NN from group NM was 8.5% (normal range < or = 6.5%), and that of MBP separating group MM from group MP was 100 mmHg. CONCLUSIONS: Glycemic control is a more potent factor than blood pressure level on the development of microalbuminuria. However, as far as the progression of microalbuminuria to overt proteinuria is concerned, hypertension is the most crucial factor in elderly NIDDM patients. Suggested goals for glycemic control and blood pressure level for the prevention of nephropathy in elderly Japanese patients are an HbA1c of < or = 8.5% (equivalent to 7.8% in the current measurement of stable HbA1c; normal range < or = 5.8%) and an MBP of < or = 100 mmHg. FAU - Tanaka, Y
Can glomerular mRNAs in human type 1 diabetes be used to predict transition from normoalbuminuria to microalbuminuria?; BACKGROUND: mRNAs of pathogenetic importance in the development of diabetic nephropathy were measured in subjects with type 1 diabetes to determine whether these might be used to predict progression from normoalbuminuria to microalbuminuria. We proposed that conversion from normoalbuminuria to microalbuminuria would be most likely in subjects whose connective tissue growth factor (CTGF) and collagen mRNAs were above the 95% confidence interval (CI) for live renal donors and within the 95% CI for subjects with abnormal albuminuria. METHODS: Glomerular CTGF, collagen alpha2(IV), and control glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase (GAPDH) mRNAs were measured in microdissected glomeruli from living renal donors (n = 10), and subjects with normoalbuminuria (n = 12), microalbuminuria (n = 5), and overt proteinuria (n = 6). RESULTS: After 44 +/- 2 months of follow-up, one subject converted from normoalbuminuria to microalbuminuria. Although the data are limited, progression from normoalbuminuria to microalbuminuria occurred in the only normoalbuminuric subject whose mRNA levels were above the live renal donors' 95% CI for CTGF and collagen alpha2(IV) and within the 95% CI of subjects with abnormal albuminuria. No clinical or histopathologic finding distinguished the progressor from the nonprogressors at the time of biopsy. CONCLUSION: This case report provides proof-of-principle that a panel of glomerular mRNA markers chosen because of their pathogenetic relevance may be useful adjuncts to albuminuria and histology in predicting clinical stability or clinical progression in diabetic nephropathy.
von Willebrand factor (vWf) as a plasma marker of endothelial activation in diabetes: improved reliability with parallel determination of the vWf propeptide (vWf:AgII).; Elevated plasma von Willebrand factor (vWf) levels are found in diabetes and other vasculopathies, and predict cardiovascular mortality. vWf is stored and released from endothelial cell secretory granules, along with equimolar amounts of its propeptide (vWf:AgII). In the present study, we examined plasma propeptide levels as a marker of endothelial secretion in vivo, using an ELISA based on monoclonal antibodies. vWf but not propeptide levels are influenced by blood groups, explaining in part the smaller variation in plasma propeptide levels among normal individuals. In both controls and insulin-dependent diabetic patients, we found a close correlation between propeptide and immunoreactive vWf levels (r2=0.54, p <0.0001). vWf and propeptide were elevated in patient subgroups with microalbuminuria or overt diabetic nephropathy, whereas only the propeptide was significantly elevated in the normoalbuminuric subgroup. This observation suggests that in conjunction with vWf, propeptide measurements may improve the identification of endothelial activation, which occurs frequently even without increased urinary albumin excretion. In 12 NIDDM patients, a 3-week diet enriched in monounsaturated fat (MUFA) resulted in parallel decreases in vWf (-22%, p <0.05) and propeptide (-17%, p <0.05) levels, indicating that the experimental diet affected endothelial secretion rather than vWf catabolism. A carbohydrate-enriched control diet did not significantly influence either marker. Our results suggest that concomitant determinations of plasma vWf and propeptide are useful tools to assess endothelial activation in vivo, and reinforce our previous conclusion that a diet rich in MUFA can improve endothelial function in NIDDM. FAU - Vischer, U M
Utility of micral test strips in screening for microalbuminuria.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the clinical utility of Micral strips for detection of microalbuminuria. DESIGN: One hundred three urine samples were tested by Micral strips for the presence of microalbuminuria, and the results were compared with the immunonephelometric method. SETTING: Endocrine diabetes clinic in a university-affiliated outpatient facility and the associated clinical laboratory. PATIENTS: Sixty-seven, 24-hour urine samples were obtained from 64 patients with diabetes. Thirty-six urine samples were obtained from normal controls; 22 of these were 24-hour samples and 14 were overnight samples. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Concordance of results obtained by the two methods for the presence or absence of microalbuminuria. RESULTS: All 36 control subjects and 44 urine samples from diabetic patients had normal albumin excretion (<15 mg/24 h) by the immunonephelometric method. Seventy-eight of these were correctly identified as negative by Micral strips, giving a specificity of 97.5%. There were 23 samples with albumin excretion of more than 16 mg/24 h. Sixteen of these were correctly identified, giving a sensitivity of 69.5%. There were 16 samples with albumin excretion of 30 mg/24 h or more; 14 of these were correctly identified by Micral strips, and two were false negatives, giving a sensitivity of 87.7%. However, when urine samples with albumin concentrations of less than 11 mg/L were excluded, the Micral strips correctly read 21 out of 23 samples, giving a sensitivity of 91.3%. CONCLUSIONS: The specificity of Micral strips for detection of albuminuria in 24-hour urine samples is high (97.5%), but the sensitivity is low, ranging from 69.5% to 87.7%. The sensitivity was greatly improved when urine samples with albumin concentrations of less than 11 mg/L were excluded. FAU - Gossain, V V
Assessment of AlbuSure and its usefulness in identifying IDDM subjects at increased risk for developing clinical diabetic nephropathy.; This study, which included 154 participants in a 10-yr follow-up study of diabetes complications, was conducted to evaluate AlbuSure (a qualitative test designed to detect urinary albumin concentrations greater than 0.03 g/L) for its ability to discriminate between albumin concentrations above and below the manufacturer's concentration threshold and to identify individuals at increased risk for developing diabetic nephropathy (i.e., those with albumin excretion rate [AER] greater than 0.0288 g/24 h). The reproducibility of AlbuSure results was also evaluated. The results of these evaluations were examined by three different types of urine collections (24 h, overnight, and timed postclinic) and overall. AlbuSure's validity was examined by comparing its results to immunonephelometrically measured concentrations and AER. When compared to albumin concentration, AlbuSure had an overall sensitivity of 81.8%, specificity of 94.8%, and positive predictive value of 90.6%. AlbuSure's sensitivity was lower (71.4%) when compared with AER; however, this was higher than the sensitivity achieved by dipsticks against AER (50.7%). On testing urine samples stored for 3 days at 4 degrees C, AlbuSure results were 100% reproducible after 1 day and had an overall reproducibility of 92% after 3 days. When urine was retested after 3 and 15 mo of storage at -70 degrees C, AlbuSure was greater than or equal to 90% reproducible, with some of the differing results attributable to corresponding changes in albumin concentration. The overnight sample appeared to be the sample of choice for testing with AlbuSure in that it showed excellent reproducibility and the highest sensitivity (compared to both albumin concentration and AER). FAU - Coonrod, B A
Elevated serum total renin is insensitive in detecting incipient diabetic nephropathy.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the influence of incipient diabetic nephropathy on the levels of total renin in serum. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Fifty-five adult patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) were examined in a cross-sectional study. The main outcome measures were serum total renin concentration and urinary albumin excretion rate. RESULTS: The total renin concentrations in serum were significantly (P < 0.05) higher in 12 patients with microalbuminuria than in 43 patients without albuminuria, but this difference was significant only in men. There was a significant but weak positive correlation between urinary albumin excretion rate and serum total renin concentration in all patients (r = 0.412, P < 0.05, n = 55), but the sensitivity of high serum concentrations of total renin in detecting incipient nephropathy was low (17%). In the study group, two of the three patients suffering from proliferative retinopathy had the highest total renin concentrations in serum. CONCLUSIONS: Microalbuminuric patients have higher mean serum total renin concentrations than normoalbuminuric patients, but because of low sensitivity, high total renin concentration cannot be used for screening incipient diabetic nephropathy. FAU - Matinlauri, I H
The utility of conventional dipsticks for urinary protein for screening of microalbuminuria in diabetic patients.; The demonstration that microalbuminuria is predictive of overt diabetic nephropathy has created a demand for the routine measurement of urinary albumin in diabetic patients. We assessed the sensitivity, specificity, positive and negative predictive values of the conventional dipsticks for urinary protein (Ames Multistix, Bayer Diagnostic, Australia) as the screening test for microalbuminuria in diabetic patients compared with Micral-Test II (Boehringer Mannheim, Germany). Radioimmunoassay for albumin was taken as standard for comparison. With the urinary albumin concentration of 20 mg/L as a discriminating level of microalbuminuria, Micral-Test II had a sensitivity of 98.8 per cent and a specificity of 68.6 per cent whereas Ames Multistix had lower sensitivity but higher specificity. If urinary albumin concentration of 60 mg/L was used instead as a discriminating level of microalbuminuria, none of Ames Multistix by visual reading and only 5 of 32 (15.6%) of those by reflectance photometer had false negative results. By visual reading, the sensitivity of Ames Multistix was increased from 68.1 to 100 per cent with the drop in specificity from 85.7 to 50.2 per cent. On the other hand, the sensitivity was increased from 37.4 to 84.4 per cent but the specificity was maintained if reflectance photometer was used. In conclusion, Ames Multistix was less sensitive than Micral-Test II in detection of urinary albumin concentration above 20 mg/L. At higher urinary albumin concentration above 60 mg/L which indicates a clinically significant microalbuminuria, the sensitivity of Ames Multistix was increased to 100 per cent. Ames Multistix which is much less expensive than Micral-Test II, can be used as the screening test for significant microalbuminuria in clinical practice particularly in cases having financial problems. FAU - Soonthornpun, S
Predictors of microvascular complications in type 1 diabetic patients at onset: the role of metabolic memory.; BACKGROUND: Several epidemiological studies showed a close association between metabolic control and microvascular complications in type 1 Diabetes Mellitus (T1DM). The aim of our longitudinal observational study was to evaluate the predictive role of the main clinical and biochemical parameters in determining microvascular complications. METHODS: 376 T1DM patients, hospitalized in our division from 1991 to 2005 (mean follow-up=10.93±4.26 years) were studied. Stepwise Cox regression analysis was used to identify the influence of residual ß-cell function, ß-cell autoimmunity, HbA1c levels and other clinical and laboratory parameters in the development of microalbuminuria and retinopathy. RESULTS: The probability of developing microalbuminuria was higher in males than in females (HR 1.82; 95% CI 1.01-3.28; p=0.044), in patients with higher mean HbA1c values (HR 2.80; 95% CI 1.63-4.83; p<0.001), longer duration of disease (HR 1.98; 95% CI 1.10-3.57; p=0.022) and younger age of diabetes onset (HR 0.53; 95% CI 0.03-0.92; p=0.026). An increased probability of developing retinopathy was found in patients with higher mean HbA1c levels during follow-up (HR 2.35; 95% CI 1.34-4.12, p=0.003), as well as at onset (HR 1.85; 95% CI 1.06-3.24; p=0.030). CONCLUSIONS: Our study suggests that among the clinical, metabolic, immunological and biochemical factors evaluated at onset, only HbA1c is predictive for the microangiopathy development in T1DM.
Use of microalbuminuria testing in persons with type 2 diabetes: are the right patients being tested?; OBJECTIVE: Our goal was to determine whether adult patients with type 2 diabetes who had gross proteinuria or were already taking angiotensin-blocking drugs were screened for microalbuminuria. STUDY DESIGN: This was a retrospective cross-sectional study. POPULATION: We included a total of 278 adult patients with type 2 diabetes seen during 1998 and 1999 at the family medicine practices of the Medical University of South Carolina. OUTCOMES MEASURED: The outcomes were microalbuminuria testing during either 1998 or 1999 and the initiation of medication if the screening test result was positive. RESULTS: We found that patients who could derive the greatest benefit from testing (ie, those without preexisting proteinuria or who were not receiving an angiotensin-blocking drug) were no more likely to be screened for microalbuminuria than those with existing proteinuria (16% vs 18%, P=.84) or those who were already being treated with an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor or angiotensin receptor blocker (16% vs 16%, P=.83). Also, when the microalbuminuria test result was positive, only 40% of the patients were placed on angiotensin-blocking drugs. CONCLUSIONS: Physician use of microalbuminuria screening does not follow established guidelines. The test appears to be used for many patients who might not need to be screened, and it is not always used for patients who should be screened. Consideration should be given to other strategies to prevent nephropathy in persons with type 2 diabetes. FAU - Hueston, W J
Nephropathy in low income diabetics: the Mexico City Diabetes Study.; Among the most serious complications associated with diabetes mellitus (DM) is nephropathy (DN). In Mexico, there is little information on the frequency and clinical characteristics of DN in the Mexican population. We present results of a population-based survey designed to estimate the prevalence of DN. The low income population consisted of 15,532 inhabitants. All 35- to 64-year-old males and non-pregnant women residing in the survey area were identified as eligible for the study (3505; 22.6%). A home interview was obtained in 2810 (80.2%). A physical exam with oral glucose tolerance test was obtained in 2282 (81.2% of those interviewed). DM was diagnosed in 304 (crude rate 13.3%). Mean age for men and women with DM was 51.6 +/- 8.4 and 52.2 +/- 7.5, respectively. Duration of DM in men was 9.2 +/- 8.1 and in women, 7.3 +/- 6.7 years. Hypertension was diagnosed in 19.8% of men and 18.1% of women. Diabetic retinopathy of any level was found in 55.4% of men and 45.7% of women. Mean glycohemoglobin in men was 9.6 +/- 2.1 and in women 9.5 +/- 2.2% (normal 4-8%). At baseline, proteinuria (1+ or more, by dipstick) was found in 24.7% of men and 9.6% of women, microalbuminuria (MA) in 84.4% of men and 63.8% of women. Quantitative albuminuria was abnormally high in 54.7% of men and 40.3% of women. In the 203 diabetics studied with 24 h urine collection for creatinine clearance, normal renal function was found in 69.1% of men and 47.5% of women, reduced renal function was found in 26% of men and 50% of women, renal insufficiency was diagnosed in 4.9% of men and 1.6% of women. One patient was on dialysis and in a subsequent follow up, we found that 2.3% of the patients had died of renal failure, six men (46-63 years) and a woman of 62 years. We conclude that DN is a very serious threat to this population. The high case fatality rate associated with this condition maintains a low prevalence. It is important to develop a program to diminish the frequency of this condition. FAU - González Villalpando, C
Clinical value of detecting microalbuminuria as a risk factor for pregnancy-induced hypertension in insulin-treated diabetic pregnancies.; OBJECTIVE: We evaluated the role of clinical non-overt stage III diabetic nephropathy concerning the development of more frequent hypertensive complications during pregnancies of women requiring insulin. METHODS: 122 unselected pregnant women treated with insulin were enrolled in the study, of whom 56 were type-1 diabetic patients and 66 patients had gestational diabetes. In 24-h urine samples, excretion rates of albumin (UAE) and beta(2)-microglobulin were determined by nephelometric analysis and a radioimmunoassay, respectively. These parameters were also measured in the serum as well as HbA(1c), fructosamine and daily blood glucose profiles. RESULTS: Sixteen (15.7%) women had an elevated UAE (>30 mg/24 h), of whom three had macroalbuminuria (UAE>300 mg/24 h). Thirteen (12.7%) insulin-treated women showed microalbuminuria during pregnancy, eight with type-1 diabetes and five with gestational diabetes requiring insulin. In the entire group hypertension was observed in seven (6.9%) women of whom six had microalbuminuria. The sensitivity and specificity were 85.7% and 92.6%, respectively. The positive predictive value reached 46.2%, whereas the negative predictive value was 98.9%. CONCLUSION: Measurement of UAE in diabetic pregnancies seems to be an useful additional parameter for risk evaluation of hypertensive disorders. FAU - Schröder, W
Microalbuminuria screening in the UK: are we meeting European standards?; European guidelines recommend annual screening for microalbuminuria in patients with Type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus (IDDM) of greater than 5 years' duration and in those with Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) from diagnosis. To determine the current provision of screening for microalbuminuria we performed a postal survey of all diabetologists in the United Kingdom. Of 556 questionnaires sent, 326 (59%) were returned (246 adult, 57 paediatric, 3 adolescent clinics) and of these 306 (55%) were suitable for analysis. Screening programmes have been established by 210 (69%) diabetologists: 70 of these in the last 2 years. 46 more plan to screen patients with IDDM within 2 years. 155 (92%) of 169 adult programmes perform annual screening in IDDM, 74% according to European guidelines (39% in NIDDM). Other clinics use age, type of diabetes or criteria such as blood pressure to target screening. An albumin/creatinine ratio (52%) on an early morning urine (56%) or random (29%) urine sample is most commonly requested. Financial constraint was the principal reason given in 32 (33%) of 96 clinics that do not currently screen. Other reasons included implementation of other developments with a higher priority (24%) and doubts about the medical value of screening (46%). Assuming respondents are representative of current UK practice, we conclude that microalbuminuria screening is available to patients in many clinics, but is neither universal nor always performed according to European guidelines. FAU - Gazis, A
Significance of anti-glomerular basement membrane antibodies in type 2 diabetic patients.; OBJECTIVE: Diabetic glomerulosclerosis is a common cause of proteinuria in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM), however, primary glomerulonephritis can superimpose on it. The aim of this study is to evaluate the significance of anti-glomerular basement membrane (GBM) antibodies in type 2 DM. METHODS: We choose 60 well known Saudi patients with type 2 DM diagnosed according to American Diabetes Association criteria attending the medical outpatient clinic at Al-Noor Specialist Hospital in Makkah, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia between July 2004 and December 2004, after written consent and divided them into 3 groups according to the degree of albuminuria, either normal, micro albuminuric or with diabetic nephropathy. We choose 20 healthy subjects as the control. We checked anti-GBM serum level by indirect solid phase immunosorbent assay (ELISA). RESULTS: There was significant increase in anti-GBM serum levels in diabetic patients compared with the control subjects, mainly in the normal and micro albuminuric patients groups, but not in patients with diabetic nephropathy. CONCLUSION: Anti-GBM antibodies are a significant predictor of diabetic nephropathy especially in the early phases, however, we need further studies to document its clinical importance in such common, important diabetic complications. FAU - Noorwali, Abdulsalam
Nocturnal blood pressure fall as predictor of diabetic nephropathy in hypertensive patients with type 2 diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Hypertensive patients with reduced blood pressure fall (BPF) at night are at higher risk of cardiovascular events (CVE). METHODS: We evaluated in hypertensive diabetic patients, if a reduced nocturnal BPF can precedes the development of diabetic nephropathy (DN). We followed 70 patients with normal urinary albumin excretion (UAE) for two years. We performed 24-hours ambulatory BP monitoring in baseline and at the end of the study. RESULTS: Fourteen (20%) patients (GI) developed DN (N = 11) and/or CVE (n = 4). Compared to the remaining 56 patients (GII) in baseline, GI had similar diurnal systolic (SBP) and diastolic BP (DBP), but higher nocturnal SBP (138 +/- 15 vs 129 +/- 16 mmHg; p < 0.05) and DBP (83 +/- 12 vs 75 +/- 11 mmHg; p < 0,05). Basal nocturnal SBP correlated with occurrence of DN and CVE (R = 0.26; P < 0.05) and with UAE at the end of the study (r = 0.3; p < 0.05). Basal BPF (%) correlated with final UAE (r = -0.31; p < 0.05). In patients who developed DN, reductions occurred in nocturnal systolic BPF (12 +/- 5 vs 3 +/- 6%, p < 0,01) and diastolic BPF (15 +/- 8 vs 4 +/- 10%, p < 0,01) while no changes were observed in diurnal SBP (153 +/- 17 vs 156 +/- 16 mmHg, NS) and DBP (91 +/- 9 vs 90 +/- 7 mmHg, NS). Patients with final UAE < 20 microg/min, had no changes in nocturnal and diurnal BP. CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggests that elevations in nocturnal BP precedes DN and increases the risk to develop CVE in hypertensive patients with T2DM. FAU - Felício, João S
The role of determining the levels of serum collagen type IV in diagnosing early diabetic nephropathy.; Two molecules of type IV collagen are linked via the COOH-terminal non-collagenous domain (NCI domain). In this way, type IV collagen forms the main framework of basement membrane. We have developed sandwich Enzyme-Linked Immunosorbent Assay (ELISA) for human serum type IV collage peptide monoclonals for CO5 and CO6 recognizing two different determinants on the central triplex of human collagen molecules. Using this, we explored the possibility that serum levels of type IV collagen (Col IV) are an indicator of early diabetic nephropathy (DN). Serum type IV collagen levels were determined by ELISA in 36 patients with diabetic nephropathy. Serum hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) and in twenty-four hour urinary albumin excretion rates (UAER) were measured at the same time. A relationship was found between serum levels of this collagen IV and the presence of diabetic nephropathy. That is, serum levels of type IV collagen in diabetic nephropathy were significantly higher than those found in non-insulin-dependent diabetic (NIDDM) patients without nephropathy and in healthy subjects (HS). It is possible that an elevated serum collagen type IV level reflects increased synthetic activity in basement membrane collagen type IV. Serum type IV collagen may be a useful marker for monitoring the dynamics of basement membrane metabolism and in this way serve as a clinical indicator of the progression or the activity of diabetic nephropathy and a marker for the assessment of therapeutic effects. FAU - Xu, Xunhui
Multicenter evaluation of the Micral-Test II test strip, an immunologic rapid test for the detection of microalbuminuria.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the performance of the Micral-Test II immunologic test strip for the detection of microalbuminuria, a multicenter evaluation in eight European study sites was performed. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Using both the Micral-Test II test strip and the routine method for the determination of albumin concentration, we investigated 2,228 urine samples from diabetic patients. Additionally, interperson variability, color stability, and possible interfering factors (temperature, pH, leucocyturia, erythrocyturia, and drugs) were tested. RESULTS: For a cutoff concentration of 20 mg/l with respect to the routine methods, a sensitivity of 96.7% and a specificity of 71% were calculated for the Micral-Test II test strip. The negative predictive value was 0.95, and the positive predictive value was 0.78, with a prevalence of positive samples (laboratory method) of 52%. The interperson variability of color interpretation showed 93% concordant readings. The interference study showed an influence of oxytetracycline, leading to higher readings. There was no interference from pH. A sample temperature of < 10 degrees C led to lower readings. In the case of samples with massive leucocyturia and erythrocyturia that may delete the chromatographic process, waiting an additional 1-2 min is needed before reading. CONCLUSIONS: The results of the multicenter evaluation show that the Micral-Test II test strip permits an immediate and reliable semiquantitative determination of low albumin concentrations in urine samples with an almost user-independent color interpretation. FAU - Mogensen, C E
Interest of Clinitek Microalbumin in screening for microalbuminuria: results of a multicentre study in 302 diabetic patients.; A prospective survey was performed in 302 consecutive diabetic outpatients from 3 French diabetic centres to study the sensitivity and specificity of screening for microalbuminuria using Clinitek Microalbumin. Urinary samples with positive (at least one +) proteinuria, hematuria, leucocyturia, or nitrates using the Multistix strip were excluded from the study. Results obtained with Clinitek Microalbumin were compared to those observed with the reference method of the biological laboratory of the centre on the same urinary sample. A positive result was defined as an albumin-to-creatinine ratio > or =30 mg/g. Results were described in terms of sensitivity, specificity, positive and negative predictive values and likelihood ratio. Agreement rates were compared with the Kappa test. In the study population, 48 patients (17%) had a positive microalbuminuria with reference assay. However, different rates were found in each site (25%, 11%, and 15%, respectively, p<0.001). Using the Clinitek Microalbumin, a positive result was found among 86 patients (29%), (39%, 26%, and 23%, respectively). A good agreement was observed in the population as a whole (81%, K=0.47 +/- 0.06) and in each site (77%, 81%, 84%, respectively). Sensitivity was 79% (82%, 80%, 75%), specificity 81% (76%, 81%, 85%), positive predictive value 46% (53%, 35%, 46%), negative predictive value 95% (93%, 97%, 95%), and positive likelihood ratio 4.2 (3.4, 4.3, 5.0, respectively). Due to the excellent negative predictive value, these results suggest that Clinitek Microalbumin is a good screening test for microalbuminuria. Positive results should be confirmed using a reference assay. FAU - Le Floch, J P
Increased Na+/Li+ countertransport activity may help to identify type 1 diabetic adolescents and young adults at risk for developing persistent microalbuminuria.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate whether erythrocyte sodium-lithium countertransport (Na+/Li+ CT) activity may identify adolescents and young adults with childhood-onset of type 1 diabetes to be at greater risk to develop persistent microalbuminuria and incipient diabetic nephropathy. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: In January 1989, Na+/Li+ CT was measured in 170 normoalbuminuric diabetic adolescents and young adults (age 12-23 years; onset of diabetes before age 18 years; duration of diabetes longer than 7 years). Participants were clinically examined at baseline and biennially thereafter. Na+/Li+ CT activity was measured every 2 years during the 8-year follow-up period. Na+/Li+ CT activity was measured also in parents of diabetic offspring. RESULTS: Over 8 years, 18 (10 male, 8 female) out of 170 patients (10.5%) developed persistent microalbuminuria; no patient developed overt nephropathy. The risk of developing microalbuminuria was higher in children with increased Na+/Li+ CT (using 300 mumol.1 erythrocytes-1.h-1 as the arbitrary cutoff point) (group 1) compared with those with normal Na+/Li+ CT at the beginning of the study (group 2) (18.98 vs. 3.29%, P < 0.01; sensitivity 96.7%; specificity 57.9%). Sex did not influence predictive value, sensitivity, or specificity. Na+/Li+ CT was not significantly correlated with HbA1c or duration of type 1 diabetes. The percentage of offspring with both parents having Na+/Li+ CT activity above the median values was significantly higher in patients in group 1 than in group 2. The odds ratio for the occurrence of microalbuminuria after adjustment for confounding variables (albumin excretion rate [AER], sex, HbA1c, mean blood pressure, cholesterol, triglycerides) in type 1 diabetic adolescents with elevated baseline erythrocyte Na+/Li+ CT was 4.5 (95% CI of 2.1-11.4). CONCLUSIONS: These results confirm those of previous studies and suggest that Na+/Li+ CT may be one of the predictors and risk factors for incipient diabetic nephropathy in adolescents and young adults with onset of diabetes during childhood. Persistently increased Na+/Li+ CT activity may help to identify normotensive, normoalbuminuric patients with type 1 diabetes who are predisposed to develop microalbuminuria and incipient diabetic nephropathy. FAU - Chiarelli, F
Urinary leucine aminopeptidase is a more sensitive indicator of early renal damage in non-insulin-dependent diabetics than microalbuminuria.; We measured urinary activity of leucine aminopeptidase (EC 3.4.11.2) and creatinine concentrations (Cr, in mmol) in samples of second morning urine from 25 healthy subjects and 59 non-insulin-dependent diabetic (NIDD) subjects. If NIDD subjects are grouped according to their Alb/Cr ratio into normoalbuminuria (group A, Alb/Cr < 2.8 mg/mmol), microalbuminuria (group B, Alb/Cr 2.8-26.8 mg/mmol), and macroalbuminuria (group C, Alb/Cr > 26.8 mg/mmol), LAP/Cr ratios in all three groups exceeded those for healthy age-matched controls. Moreover, this ratio was higher in group B than in group A. The value for LAP/Cr was clearly abnormal (i.e., exceeded the upper limit of normal, log normal + 2 SD, found in healthy subjects) in 44% of group A. In the first 10-year period Of NIDD, prevalance of abnormal LAP/Cr ratio was 61.3%, whereas that of microalbuminuria was 35.5%. We have also found a LAP/Cr ratio abnormality of 91% in group B. Evidently, LAP/Cr may be increased early in NIDD subjects and be a more sensitive predictor of incipient nephropathy than microalbuminuria. FAU - Bedir, A
Implications of microalbuminuria in diabetes.; Microalbuminuria is defined as small elevations of urinary albumin excretion not detected by conventional tests. It is associated with elevated arterial pressure, proliferative retinopathy, lipoprotein abnormalities and left ventricular hypertrophy and is predictive of later diabetic nephropathy. Improved glycaemic control and antihypertensive treatment lower urinary albumin excretion but it is not known whether these manoeuvres affect long-term outcome. FAU - Walker, J D
Assessing albuminuria in spot morning samples from diabetic patients.; Microalbuminuria assessment is essential for diagnosing incipient nephropathy in diabetic patients. The present study aim to evaluate whether urinary albumin concentration (UAC) and urinary albumin-to-creatinine ratio (UACR) agree with 24 h urine collection in screening for albuminuria > 30 mg/24 h in type 1 and 2 diabetics. In this cross-sectional study were evaluated 293 diabetic patients (117 type 1 and 176 type 2). Albuminuria was determined by turbidimetric immunoassay. The best discriminator value was 22 mg/l (sensitivity 82.5%, specificity 74.0%) for UAC and 27.3 mg/g creatinine (sensitivity 83.3%, specificity 80.9%) for UACR. Areas under ROC curves were 0.868 and 0.878, respectively (p = 0.53). Lower discriminators as 10 mg/l (sensitivity 94.2%, specificity 48.6%) and 10 mg/g creatinine (sensitivity 96.7%, specificity 49.1%) attained high sensitivities. UAC and UACR from spot morning urine had similar accuracy in screening microalbuminuria. The simplicity and lower cost of UAC justifies its preferential clinical use. FAU - Sampaio, Emerson
Assessment of Micral-Test microalbuminuria test strip in the laboratory and in diabetic outpatients.; We have evaluated a semi-quantitative dry immunochemical screening method (Micral-Test) for the detection of low concentrations of albumin in urine. The stability of Micral-Test strips on storage was good, especially with regard to temperature, light and humidity. Changes in urine osmolality (urea and creatinine concentration), pH and sodium and potassium concentration did not have a significant analytical effect on the Micral-Test measurement; extremes of temperature altered the rate of colour development. The depth of dipping the strip into the sample and the timing of reading colour development were critical. We measured the albumin concentration in 184 urine samples from diabetic outpatients by the Micral-Test and by our in-house immunoturbidimetric method; a Micral-Test result of 20 mg/L had a sensitivity of 91% and specificity of 97% to predict a discriminating urine albumin concentration greater than 30 mg/L by the in house method. The Micral-Test is suitable for use by non-laboratory personnel and is capable of producing analytically acceptable results for use in diabetes clinics and by general practitioners. FAU - Jury, D R
Hypertension-based clinical risk strategies for detecting microalbuminuria in diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Microalbuminuria screening to identify patients at risk of diabetic nephropathy is widely accepted. AIM: To investigate whether blood-pressure-based strategies can identify such patients without the need for microalbuminuria testing. METHODS: Spot urine for albumin/creatinine ratios was performed in all patients over an 18-month period. The performance of four combinations of clinical models, based on existing triggers for anti-hypertensive intervention (prior use and/or existing systolic BP exceeding 140 or 160 mmHg and/or dipstick proteinuria exceeding 1+ or 2+) was evaluated at microalbuminuria thresholds of 3.5 and 10 mg/mmol. The models were ranked 1 to 4, based on their escalating relative strengths in predicting need for intervention. RESULTS: Of 3748 patients, 1257 (34%) or 739 (20%) exceeded microalbuminuria thresholds of 3.5 or 10 mg/mmol. All four models predicted microalbuminuria risk (areas under ROC curves 0.60-0.77, all p < 0.001). The models (1-4) identified 2220, 2465, 2803 or 2937 for intervention, respectively, irrespective of microalbuminuria status, and missed 368, 232, 194 or 126 at 3.5 mg/mmol and 164, 87, 81 or 45 at 10 mg/mmol. DISCUSSION: Clinical models using routinely measured parameters reduced the target population for microalbuminuria screening by 60-80%, missing 3-10% of patients with albumin/creatinine ratios exceeding 3.5 mg/mmol or 1-4% of those exceeding 10 mg/mmol. FAU - Baskar, V
Identifying patients with incipient diabetic nephropathy. Should 24-hour urine collections be used?; It is not clear whether 24-hour or overnight urine collections should be used to identify patients with incipient diabetic nephropathy (defined as persistent urinary albumin excretion rate [AER] of 20 to 200 micrograms/min). We therefore studied diurnal variations in AER in type I diabetics with normal AER (n = 16) and incipient (n = 12) and clinical (defined as persistent AER greater than 200 micrograms/min) nephropathy (n = 12), and in healthy controls (n = 24). In all groups AER was lowest at night. In some patients of all groups, marked diurnal variations were observed. Twenty-four-hour urine collections classified all patients correctly. Overnight urine collections, however, misclassified patients with incipient nephropathy as having normal AER in 4 of 12, 7 of 12, or 3 of 7 cases, depending on which cutoff level was used. We conclude that 24-hour urine collections are more sensitive than overnight samples in identifying patients with incipient diabetic nephropathy. FAU - Stehouwer, C D
Enhanced erythrocyte Na+/H+ exchange predicts diabetic nephropathy in patients with IDDM.; Diabetic nephropathy develops in a subset of patients with an apparently hereditary predisposition. Microalbuminuria and elevated arterial pressure have been proposed as predictors of nephropathy but both appear when renal damage is impending. Enhanced sodium-hydrogen exchange in the cell membranes of diabetic patients is an early marker of diabetic nephropathy but its predictive value has not been assessed. In this study, sodium-hydrogen exchange was measured in erythrocytes as an initial velocity of amiloride-inhibited H+ efflux (pH 6.35-6.45) into a Na+ - containing medium (pH 7.95-8.05) in 156 non-microalbuminuric insulin-treated diabetic patients (98 women, 58 men, age 33+/-8 years, diabetes duration prior to enrollment 15+/-4 years) during 8 years of follow-up. Enhanced erythrocyte sodium-hydrogen exchange predicted diabetic nephropathy alone and in association with a familial tendency to hypertension/nephropathy with 86 and 96% sensitivity, and 80% specificity. Thus, sodium-hydrogen exchange appears to detect a subset of diabetic patients prone to develop renal damage, in whom a more intensive treatment modality might be considered. FAU - Koren, W
Decrease of glomerular hyperfiltration in short-term diabetic adolescents without microalbuminuria.; OBJECTIVE: This study has been designed to follow prospectively the GFR and UAE of young patients with short-term IDDM and normal UAE. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: The study population consisted of 19 patients with glomerular hyperfiltration and 19 patients with normal GFR, matched for duration of diabetes and age. GFR has been assessed by radioisotopic tracer and UAE by RIA at the beginning of the study and after 30.5 +/- 10.4 mo of follow-up. RESULTS: GFR decreased in the two groups btt delta GFR of patients with glomerular hyperfiltration was greater than delta GFR of patients with normal GFR (0.83 +/- 0.55 vs. 0.28 +/- 0.63 ml.min-1.mo-1; P < 0.01). UAE, BP, and prevalence of microalbuminuria were comparable between the two groups at follow-up. Rate of fall of GFR was positively correlated with initial GFR (r = 0.59, P < 0.001) but not with initial UAE, BP, or changes in HbA1C, UAE, BP, or pubertal development during follow-up. CONCLUSIONS: Investigation of kidney function in children and adolescents with IDDM over a 3-yr follow-up period shows that glomerular hyperfiltration is characterized by a greater decline in GFR without an increased rate of appearance of microalbuminuria, than in patients with normal GFR. FAU - Bognetti, E
Clinical biochemistry guidelines in Wales: their impact on laboratory services.; BACKGROUND: Evidence of significant variations in clinical biochemistry practice in Wales led to the formation of the All Wales Clinical Biochemistry Audit Group (AWCBAG) in 1993, with the aim of auditing laboratory services to ensure that they are optimally used. As part of this process, clinical guidelines are produced and circulated to all clinical biochemistry departments in Wales. The current aim of the AWCBAG is to assess the extent and impact of adoption of these guidelines across Wales. METHODS: Three surveys were dispatched at intervals over a decade to all clinical biochemistry departments in Wales to investigate practice in: (1) urine albumin testing to screen for diabetic nephropathy; (2) biochemical investigation of menopausal status and the monitoring of hormone replacement therapy; (3) screening for Cushing's syndrome. RESULTS: The results show that laboratories across Wales are generally following guideline criteria and are adapting their practice in-line with changing recommendations. CONCLUSION: The introduction of AWCBAG guidelines has been widely accepted by clinical biochemistry departments in Wales. These guidelines have led to a more efficient and effective use of laboratory services. FAU - Griffiths, K D
How different urinary albumin excretion rates can predict progression to nephropathy and the effect of treatment in hypertensive diabetics.; HYPOTHESIS: The efficacy of a treatment in a clinical trial depends in part on where the cut-off point is placed for the test result used to select patients for the trial, and this applies to irbesartan in the Irbesartan Microalbuminuria II (IRMA II) trial for preventing nephropathy. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Patients in the IRMA II trial were stratified into different pre-treatment albumin excretion rate (AER) ranges to compare the proportion of patients starting in these different ranges (i) that progressed to develop nephropathy within 24 months and (ii) whose AER was over 40 microg/minute at three months. RESULTS: The proportion of patients with pre-treatment AER values between 20 and 40 microg/minute progressing to develop nephropathy was 1.25% in the placebo group and 0.78% in the irbesartan group, while for pre-treatment AER values between 41 and 200 microg/minute, 24.4% and 11.2% develop nephropathy respectively in the placebo and irbesartan groups. In patients with a pre-treatment AER of 20 to 30 microg/minute, 32.5% and 13.6% respectively in the placebo and irbesartan groups had a value exceeding 40 microg/minute at three months. CONCLUSIONS: The data demonstrate that irbesartan is effective in reducing the onset of nephropathy within two years when the pre-treatment AER is above 40 microg/minute, but if the AER is below this level it progresses unusually to nephropathy within two years. Irbesartan also slows progression of AER to over 40 microg/minute for patients with pre-treatment AER values at or above 20 microg/minute and these patients should be treated. FAU - Llewelyn, D E Huw
